After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Emily awoke and took in her surroundings as she remembered the events at Debutante the evening before. Sadly, she tried to come to grips with the fact that she wasn't Emily anymore. Now she was 7GQA9E and had been fucked on camera by 5 men at once. Her back passage still felt sore and violated. She could almost still feel the penis in it, but she didn't want to think about any of it, so she forced herself to focus on the moment. She quickly realised she needed to go to the bathroom so she got up and found 4NR in the small kitchenette.
"Good morning, 7GQ," 4NR greeted. "Would you like tea or coffee?"
"Oh yes, coffee please, 4NR. Back in a sec," Emily replied as she made her way down the hall to the toilet.
It still felt so very wrong to be walking around this person's home in the nude even though that person was also nude. Even going to the toilet felt odd without the extra steps of dropping pants and pulling them back up afterwards. The sight of her hairless pubic area momentarily startled her again as well. She still wasn't used to seeing her body like that. Pissing felt weird and foreign too. No real control over the direction of the flow and she was embarrassed about the noise she was making as it hit the water directly. She hoped 4NR couldn't hear it.
As she walked back out and accepted her coffee, a phone started ringing. At least that's what she thought it was. It sounded more like a bird warbling. 4NR went to a device in the corner and a face appeared on the wall. It was a policeman.
"Ahh, 4NRP4W. Good morning. We are just checking that your charge will be coming in today. Unfortunately, I was unable to watch Debutante last night, so I did not get the chance to see her become a woman."
"Ahh yes. Good morning, Constable. 7GQA9E's Debutante was wonderful. I will bring her in once we have had some breakfast, if that is ok?" 4NR responded.
"That is excellent. I shall see you soon then."
"Thank you, Constable. Good morning to you."
The constable nodded and then the image vanished from the wall.
Great, so I'm going outdoors nude again already… Would a day or two to get used to this new reality before that happened again have been too much to ask?
The call made another question pop into Emily's mind.
"4NR, do you have mobile phones here?"
"Do you mean portable Vidlinks, 7GQ?"
"Ok, yes, portable Vidlinks then."
"Yes, we usually call them Portavids. Most men carry them. As women we have no need of more than these Vidlinks in our homes. It records messages if we are out, and if we need the use of a Portavid, we just ask a man for his."
"Do you have the Internet?"
"I am sorry. I do not know this word," 4NR replied.
"Um…, like computers that can access information on other computers all around the world."
"Oh, you mean the Datacore," 4NR replied. "Yes, our Vidlinks do that."
"And there is information available beyond just communication?"
"Indeed. It is a resource with everything students and others need, plus much that is purely there for entertainment and amusement. Vids of cats are very popular, and funny."
Ok, so pretty much the same home then, just without the porn. Who needs porn when you can see everything I did last night live-streamed anyway? Wait, does that mean that what I did last night is now available online somewhere?
"Is Debutante available on the… err Datacore somewhere?" Emily asked, not sure she wanted to hear the answer.
"Oh yes, all Debutantes around the world are stored. Your performance last night was most excellent, easily the best of the night, and has already achieved over one million views. Would you like to see mine?"
Oh God!!!
Emily swallowed and hoped none of her crew would find out about that and see what she had done.
"Um… no, that's ok. I was just curious," she replied.
"Ok, then I guess we should have some breakfast and prepare ourselves for going to the police station so they can finalise their records. I have toast or grains with milk here, or we can go to a restaurant?"
"Grains with milk sounds fine," Emily replied. Anything was better than venturing outdoors naked again if it wasn't absolutely necessary.
After breakfast it was time to get ready to go out, so the reprieve was short-lived anyway.
"You may shower before me if you like," 4NR began. "Use the toilet first if you are able. Don't forget to use the clyster and shave everything clean again. You are a woman now and must be prepared."
There's a possibility of being violated again already? Great… I pray to God at the very least there's no anal again today. I don't think my poor butthole could take it.
Even using the clyster wasn't exactly comfortable. Well, filling your bowels with warm water was never comfortable, not to mention gross, but having a tender butthole made it so much more so.
After her shower, Emily wished she could wear something again after being nude now for more than two days straight. Anything would do. Even a skimpy bikini would be better than absolutely nothing, but all she had were the same borrowed heels she had worn to Debutante. 4NR said she could keep them, and she would buy some more for herself, saying it was important for a woman to look as appealing as possible and shoes were her secret weapon. Just like on Earth 1, women wore them because of how they made their calves taut, and their legs appear to be longer, as well as accentuating the feminine pelvic tilt with her butt and tummy simultaneously sticking out. Even Emily had to admit they were indeed sexy, not that she particularly wanted the attention in that regard.
What a strange world this was. Shoes were the only suggestion of a female fashion industry that existed here. Well, apart from hair and makeup products. No dresses other than some very modest children's wear, and of course the Debutante dresses. No accessories, no swimwear, no nighties or even pyjamas. Not even lingerie, which Emily found surprising. She bet if the people here ever saw what a suspender belt and stockings looked like on a woman, they might change their minds very quickly about total nudity.
Before long they were hailing a cab out in the street. Being nude in public still felt so very wrong to Emily, especially without pubes, and now wearing a collar made her feel like an animal as well.
A hairless animal with tits and holes…
The police station was busy as they entered. Emily noticed that they weren't the only women present, and that might have been perfectly normal if it wasn't for the fact that they were all naked. People were carrying forms and waiting in queues. All of the usual activities that might be seen in a police station. One other big difference to Emily's Earth was the caning apparatus in the centre of the foyer. She paled at the sight and memory of it and tried not to look at it.
At last, their turn came up at the counter. It was the same officer that 4NR had blown outside her cell the day before.
"Good morning, 4NRP4W, and… 7GQA9E. Welcome to womanhood!" he greeted cheerfully as he went to a cabinet and came back with a file. "Thank you for coming in today. This should not take long."
He scribbled a few notes, obviously recording Emily's new name in several places before he looked up again.
"Ok, let us have a look at you then, 7GQA9E," he requested as he leaned over the counter to look down Emily's body. "Very nice. I told you that you would be beautiful after you learned to tend to your appearance. Can you 'Sit' for me?"
Emily swallowed. She hadn't been expecting this here. There were people everywhere! She glanced nervously at the caning apparatus again. There was nothing for it, so she took a step back and went into a squat, balancing on her high heels with her knees as far apart as she could manage, and her fingers interlaced behind her neck. The redness of her face must have been more than obvious to everyone. Adding to her discomfort was the fact that it wasn't the easiest position to get into or hold for any length of time without falling over. She guessed she would need to practise it. She just knew her labia would be parted in this position as well, showing parts of herself that definitely should not be out in public.
The officer came around from behind the counter to have a closer look. She could only remain in position and allow it.
"You are extraordinarily beautiful."
Emily forced a smile up towards him.
"Now 'Kneel' please."
She remembered the position after watching 4NR perform it outside her cell yesterday. Again, she had no option, so she dropped to her knees and placed her hands behind her back.
"'Open', 7GQA9E."
Oh God! He's not going to make me blow him now, is he? Not here in front of everyone!
She looked at 4NR who nodded her approval and then moved to sit in a chair at the side of the room. There, she casually picked up a brochure to look at, obviously intending to wait there patiently for Emily to finish. To Emily's horror, the cop immediately unzipped and pulled out his penis! He was already hard. This was so gross, not to mention completely degrading to do what he was expecting her to do in front of all of these people!
There are people waiting in the queue behind me, for fuck's sake! Are you just going to keep them hanging while you get a blowjob??
If she needed any more evidence to prove this wasn't home, this was it. She was in a police station full of people, naked and on her knees in front of an officer she just met with her mouth wide open and his hard cock in her face! Knowing there was no way out of it, she leaned forward and took him into her mouth, feeling his shaft slide over her tongue into the back of her throat. She almost wished she could use her hands as well, which might have allowed her to get this over with faster. Instead, she could only use her mouth and neck, taking him as deeply into her throat as she could manage while swaying her body back and forth so that hopefully this came to an end sooner. At least this guy wasn't as large as the man she had to do this to last night.
She glanced sideways at the people watching the act. This was beyond humiliating! She felt like a complete whore, kneeling completely naked in a public place, blowing a cop!
She glanced to the other side and nearly screamed. Collingwood was standing right there watching everything! The bastard was grinning ear to ear as well. She wanted to stop and run out of the room, but that wasn't an option. She could only continue the act until it came to its natural end.
She felt the cop's hands holding her head, forcing it back and forth with more vigour. She hoped at least he was about to cum, and then sure enough he did, right down her throat.
Ugh!
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. You may go about your business," he informed her as he zipped back up.
That's it? Forms done. Blowjob received. I can go now? Fuck! Now I have to face Collingwood…
Emily turned to Collingwood and found the grin was still present but now he had his eyebrows raised as well, implying that everything he had just witnessed had been her choice. She wanted to slap that grin right off his face, but she settled for giving him a foul look.
"Well, look at you go," he greeted as Emily stood up and came towards him. "And look at that body. All of those nights picturing you like this in my head, and here it actually is before me. Ooh, nice shave job too."
Emily rolled her eyes while wishing she had something to drink to get rid of the lingering taste of semen in her mouth. All she could do was run her tongue over her teeth while repeatedly swallowing her saliva.
"You better have some good news for me, you arsehole," she whispered under her breath, her face bright red in embarrassment at him seeing her like this.
"Is that anyway to speak to a man… err… 7GQA9E?" he replied in equally hushed tones, expecting that if the wrong person overheard what either of them were saying it could land Emily in some very hot water again.
"Oh my God, Collingwood!" Emily responded. "Do you want to face a court-martial when we get out of this mess?"
"Well, I never thought I'd ever see you like this, not to mention seeing you do what you were just doing. Can you blame a man for finding it intriguing? I saw you on the vid last night too. Wow, what brought on the change?"
Emily paled. She had hoped that no one she knew saw that, especially not Collingwood.
"Like I have a choice," she whispered. "Look at my arse for fuck's sake, Collingwood! They beat women here if they don't behave like perfect little sluts."
"Don't mind if I do. You are rather pleasantly shaped, but I see what you mean. Yes, that is unfortunate. The bruising is considerably worse than the last time I saw it. Hopefully it is on the mend now, though."
"So, what are you doing here anyway?" Emily asked, ignoring his attempt at empathy while trying her best to stand as modestly as possible so at least he wouldn't see any more of her body than necessary.
"I came looking for you, actually," he answered. "I was hoping the chaps here may have information as to your current whereabouts. I have news. Unfortunately, not a lot of good news. Perhaps we can take a walk or go somewhere more private?"
"Ok, tell me to 'Come'", Emily replied. "It's one of the bullshit rules here that I have to go wherever you want to take me if you say it."
"Consider it done," Collingwood responded, and then raised his voice a little for the benefit of any onlookers. "'Come', 7GQA9E."
He then led her towards the door, and she followed along at the customary step behind him with her hands behind her back and her heels clip-clopping on the tiles. Keeping her hands behind her back made her nudity so much harder to bear in the light of day, and almost impossible to maintain, especially in front of Collingwood. Her instincts were screaming at her to use her hands to cover her breasts and private parts, and it took constant effort to fight it. What Collingwood had just witnessed her doing on her knees to that cop still weighed heavily on her mind as well, which the continuing redness of her face attested to.
She looked back at 4NR still seated nearby. She nodded while pointing at the floor to indicate they would meet back at this spot later. Hopefully she just assumed that Collingwood was just another man wanting sex, so she wouldn't ask too many questions afterwards. Emily wasn't sure how much she could reveal to whom in this world and had decided to reveal as little of the truth as possible, including that she knew Collingwood already.
"I spotted a park nearby," Collingwood began as they walked along the street. "We should make our way there. I expect we shall find somewhere with relative privacy where we can sit and chat. I must say it is fortunate that the weather is so lovely here. Walking around in your altogether might not be so pleasant in a colder climate."
Now that they were out of earshot of any locals, Emily opened up.
"I couldn't give a shit what the weather is like, Collingwood! There is nothing pleasant about any of this," she spat back. "You make it sound like I have a choice about it. Like I'm just out for a naked stroll because it's a nice day for it? Women are little more than fuck-toys here, constantly on display to be used and abused by men as they see fit, and they made it law! Do you honestly think I have so little self-respect that I would willingly go along with it and openly flaunt myself like this in front of you, or be seen dead performing the disgusting act you walked in on me doing back there in the police station? I was ordered to do that in clear view of the rack they chained me to and caned my arse on the day we landed here! What you saw there was abuse! Same goes with whatever you think you saw last night. Any enthusiasm you may have witnessed was inspired by a drug I was given prior to the event."
"My apologies," Collingwood replied. "My intended meaning was a clumsy attempt to look on the bright side, in that if you had to do it, it could be worse. I should have realised you have not yet had time to adapt and learn more about this world we find ourselves in. Teasing you about your current predicament was insensitive and premature of me."
"Are you saying there's an upside to women being treated this way here, other than the obvious benefits to men?" Emily asked in astonishment.
"I'm suggesting not to be so quick to judge the place until you've given it a proper chance," Collingwood replied. "They are considerably more technologically advanced than us in many areas. Medical science for example. They have cures for all cancers and even have a 24-hour pill for the common cold. Venereal disease doesn't exist, you'll be pleased to hear. And that's just medical science. They are decades ahead of us in many other areas as well. Their societal structure has played no small role in all of this, I believe."
"How can they be advanced when the way they treat women is so backward?" Emily wanted to know. "I don't think patriarchal religions centuries ago were even as bad as this. How could they have leapt ahead without women being involved? Where would our world be without Marie Curie, Rosalind Franklin, Katherine Johnson? The list is endless!"
"Well, that's just it. They haven't forbidden women to do anything," Collingwood replied. "Well, apart from wearing clothes and not making themselves available for pleasure and procreation. Forgive me if that came across as insensitive again. What I'm saying is that it requires a wider view to see the bigger picture. Once you get past the manufactured social constructs and morals that we brought with us from our Earth, it starts to make sense. On Earth 1, which is what I have begun calling our Earth of origin for the sake of brevity and clarity, the centre of our social structure is the family. Here they don't have families. They don't even marry. The women instead are allotted a period of time in their lives where their primary concern is to reproduce, but they don't raise the children. Instead, the community raises them. The end result is that both sexes don't have the frivolous distractions and demands on their time that we do, so they devote more of their efforts as a whole into science and discovery. No split families and messy breakups to deal with either, so they have far fewer issues with mental health and personality disorders. Put it all together and it appears to have a cumulative effect to the benefit of humanity. That is, they identified the issues, started at the beginning, and built this world with a different foundation, which appears to have worked much better than ours. Well, assuming my assumptions about much of this is correct."
"Even if that's true, how can you not see it's completely abhorrent to treat a human being like this? They've got me wearing a collar like an animal, and I'm not even allowed to have a name, for fuck's sake!"
"Ask any woman here what she thinks of the situation. There are no complaints. It's all learnt behaviour, and I mean both theirs and ours. They've learnt this way. We've learnt another. If you look at it all pragmatically instead of emotionally, a different picture emerges."
Emily went silent at that. It was true that the women all seemed happy here. Even the young debs at Debutante still retained their smiles after losing their clothes in front of a crowd and then experiencing being gang-banged. 4NR was even so proud of her own Debutante that she had asked if Emily wanted to see the video of it just that morning, and she was certainly well beyond any age you might call impressionable.
"You may have noticed very little crime here and they don't even have a word for rape," Collingwood continued. "Their Internet is devoid of pornography in the sense that we have it. There are no ladies of the night, no pimps, no sex crimes at all."
"No bodily autonomy either," Emily contended. "A woman's body isn't her own here. She has no say in who gets to fuck her, where, when or even how. How can that ever be right?"
"By making it consensual instead of not," he replied matter-of-factly.
"What the fuck, Collingwood??"
"It's a choice, Captain, don't you see?"
"Is it really though?" Emily responded angrily. "Look at the marks on my arse again, Collingwood. Tell me how much choice I got!"
"Yes, well, that notwithstanding, you need to think outside the box to see what's really going on here. Sure, you suffered a rather brutal punishment for what at best we would assume to be a minor social faux pas, but to them it's not. It's a snubbing of their whole system and way of life. A threat to their freedom and very existence."
Emily's shoulders slumped as she considered Collingwood's reasoning. All of this seemed so fucked up but perhaps he had a point? Maybe it was her perspective based on experience gained and learned from a whole other world? She still wasn't at all happy about everything happening to her here, though, and having Collingwood's ear at last gave her an opportunity to vent. If nothing else, it was a chance to voice her anger without offending someone or suffering any repercussions.
They had entered the park and found a bench they could sit on with no one else around.
"Ok, so moving on," Emily began. "How is your progress?"
"Ahh yes," Collingwood replied. "Well, I have some good news and some bad. You may have noticed here that the vehicles are all electric?"
"Ok, yes, now that I think about it you may be right." Emily replied.
"I am right. You may also have noticed the absence of fuel stations," he continued. "The vehicles all have solar paint, would you believe, so they literally charge themselves. They don't have a climate crisis here. They solved their issues with carbon emissions decades ago, maybe longer. As a matter of fact, I'm not sure that they've ever used fossil fuels to any great extent."
"Ok… but what's that got to do with us?"
"Well, as a result, they don't mine fossil fuels as a rule, and our ship is running on empty. There is a small amount of mining, and a local refinery for the space program, but it's no good to us because the fuel compound they use in their thrusters is quite different to ours. That's not all bad news, though. Their thruster technology is vastly superior. At least 20% more efficient and considerably more power. I think I can retrofit their technology into our ship to get around that issue. However, we burned 70% of our aquinium for the hyperdrive so we don't even have enough to make the jump to deep space, let alone back to Earth again, and they've never even heard of aquinium here. Their hyperdrive system used a combination of diplorium crystals with liquefied stuarium, which by my calculations wouldn't have worked. I'm afraid that their crew didn't make it to Earth 1, or any other Earth. They would have made the jump, but it would have exploded catastrophically seconds afterwards."
"Oh my God! Those poor people!" Emily gasped. "But what do we do now?"
"I have a general location where aquinium can be found, well at least where it can be found on Earth 1, but I don't anticipate that will be any different here on Earth 2. The problem is I don't know precisely where, so we have to find it first. Once found, we then need to refine it, and that I have no experience with so it will involve some experimentation. All this must be solved before we even start on looking at tracking and mapping parallel universes to attempt a journey back home."
"Couldn't we just make a jump anyway so we're at least out of this horrible place?" Emily suggested, obviously eager to be marooned anywhere else but there.
"And that brings me to another bit of bad news," Collingwood responded. "I think it would be a very bad idea to make a jump completely blind again. We got lucky this time, but we could just as easily jump into a universe where the sun has gone supernova and we burn up the instant we drop out of hyperspace. Or we find an Earth devoid of all life that didn't survive the climate crisis, or some other global catastrophe like a large meteor strike, and we end up stuck there without the fuel to leave again or food to survive. And that's just two of hundreds of negative possibilities. We also don't know yet if the number of parallel worlds is finite or infinite. Even if finite, the number may go well beyond trillions, making the odds of stumbling into a potentially fatal one unacceptably high. We don't have a choice. We simply have to know where we're going before we try again. There is a bright side, though."
"Which is?"
"We could do a whole lot worse than here, and not just if this version of Earth had been incapable of supporting life. Imagine a world where the Nazis won the war or is ruled by religious fanatics. You think being a woman here is bad? Imagine that scenario."
"Do you seriously think being a naked sex slave isn't bad??" Emily angrily retorted.
"Referring to our conversation earlier, that is a state of mind, Captain. A choice," Collingwood replied. "The lads are more than happy here, well apart from Jenkins who has a family on Earth 1, and the local women are certainly happy with the arrangement. They don't want for anything. It's an all-expenses paid free vacation, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, which you are now entitled to as well."
"I'm not a whore, Collingwood."
"I didn't say you were. I didn't say any of the women here were. It's just a matter of seeing things in the right light. This place is actually a paradise once you get your head around it."
"It would be a paradise for a man. Try being a woman here!"
"I don't believe I would think it any less a paradise in that event. Sure, it would take some getting used to, but once I knew what I now know, I think I could accept it and adapt quite happily."
"Easier said than done, I think, Collingwood. I wish we could change places for a day so you could experience the reality of it."
"I have spent time contemplating the very concept. I think once you make the effort to get past the initial shame, which is only learnt behaviour from our home planet, there is potential for it to be thrilling and daring. None of the outdated restraints and expectations we place on ourselves back on Earth 1. No slut shaming for example."
"I am yet to feel thrilled by any of it," Emily replied coldly. Collingwood could be such an arrogant prick at times. "So, what is it you like about the place, besides all of the eye-candy and sex you could ever want?"
"Well, they have a nifty little democratic socialist government going on here, made up of local shires and continents with an international base. At first, I assumed it draconian and subjugated but it's not like that at all. It's all about community and sharing at both local and global levels. Everyone playing their part and knowing their role in it. No one wants for anything. Education, medicine, are all covered. The men pay the taxes, and the women get a free ride, but they can also work if they want that too. There's no hunger anywhere in the world. Very little crime. No climate crisis. No disease. As a result, they haven't had any major wars here. World War 1 & 2 didn't happen. No Vietnam. No Korean war. None of that. The military here are only used for national emergencies and disaster recovery. That's it. Every 3 years there's an election. If the people don't like the way things are going, it's out with the old and in with the new. Any tyranny is put down very quickly. The people truly do decide their own destinies here, provided they play by the rules."
"Do women get to vote too?" Emily asked.
"Of course!" Collingwood replied. "Look, I know you feel like you're nothing but a sex object here but there's way more to it than that. Women have a role, as do men. That's all. And as I've attempted to point out, the female role has many, many benefits for both men and women. Having all women nude and sexually available is a foreign concept to us so we think it's extreme and demeaning, but to them it's not. To them, this is what they know, and it totally works on so many levels. I don't believe they would have made the advances that they have without it. It only seems vulgar and one-sided to you because you're not from here, but once you open your eyes, it's way more than that, and the women here are way more important than that."
They both looked up and ceased their conversation as a man approached. He walked straight up to Emily.
"I hope I am not intruding. Can you 'Lay', 7GQA9E?" the man asked.
Um… I'm not sure what that is, sir," Emily replied. "I only went through Debutante last night and haven't yet done the deb training."
"Are you not a little old to be a deb?" the man responded with some surprise.
"Um… it's a long story," Emily replied.
"Look, beat it, buddy," Collingwood growled. "Can you not see that I am already engaging with this woman?"
"My apologies, good sir," the man replied. "It did not seem like you were going to couple. My mistake."
As the man walked away, Collingwood rolled his eyes and resumed talking.
"Yes, well, the short of it is that we have many problems to solve so it may be some time before we're even close to making a return journey home, so you will need to find a way to adapt. My advice is to try to start seeing things from their perspective and you may very well discover that a change of heart is all that's required."
"I don't know if that's possible, Collingwood. I hate all of this."
"I understand, but truly it is a paradise once you open your heart and mind to it."
"It sounds like you don't really want to leave?" Emily asked.
"Oh, I'll find a solution for the sake of the science alone. Your unhappiness, and Jenkins' for that matter, only increases my motivation. I'm not completely cold-hearted," he added with a wink and smile. "The General has pretty much given me a blank cheque to work with, so finance isn't an issue at least. He believes parallel universe theory holds a lot of potential for scientific discovery and the benefits that it may bring."
"Wait, the General knows about us and parallel universes now? Can he help get me out of this? Maybe I could live on the base somewhere away from this nonsense, and help you until we can get out of here?"
"It's not that I haven't attempted that angle many times from the get-go already. I even tried telling him that your input was vital to my research," Collingwood replied. "Unfortunately, he finds the whole idea of a clothed woman repugnant, even if she's not from here. He won't hear of it and says it would be way too much red tape, which is beyond his authority to approve anyway. He is an extremely useful friend and ally, but unfortunately this request goes way over his head, should he be so inclined to consider it, which he isn't. He definitely drank the Kool-Aid of this place, and I'm finding myself increasingly partial to it as well. If and when we find a way to go back, I'm starting to think I may very well return here."
Emily's shoulders slumped. Another dead end.
"So, can you give me a guesstimate at least? How long do you think we're stuck here?"
"Unfortunately, I don't have an accurate answer I can give you. I'm not even sure as yet if I will even be successful. I may very well fail. At best, it may be years before we even find an aquinium deposit and figure out how to refine it. My first task is to determine how to retrofit their thrusters into our ship, then solve the aquinium issue before I even start on looking at a way to map parallel universes, and that may well stop me in my tracks. However, should my hypotheses pan out and everything goes to plan, I anticipate two to five years, but there's a whole lot of ifs in there."
At least two to five years without clothes, wearing a collar and being fucked in every hole on a daily basis?
Emily wanted to cry.
"Look, cheer up, Captain," Collingwood consoled as he put his hand reassuringly on her bare shoulder. "Honestly, will you at least try to start looking at things from a different angle? You might find yourself surprised and even happy here. You may not even want to leave, even if we eventually can, once you get your head around it and see things in the right light."
"Well, it seems I don't really have a choice about that for now, Collingwood, so I will try, I suppose."
"That's the spirit," Collingwood encouraged. "I guess we should get you back to your friend, but first can I ask a favour?"
"Sure, how can I help?"
"Well, I couldn't help but notice that you seem to be hunching and keeping your legs together around me. I have longed for you since I first laid eyes on you, Captain, as I'm sure you're already well aware. Many's the time I've dreamt of seeing you like this, knowing that any advance on my part would likely be futile. Would it be too much to ask of you to get you to 'Present' for me?"
"You can't be serious!"
"It's your choice, Captain, but I can assure you that it will be greatly appreciated to see this dream of mine come true at last. And besides, perhaps it would help you to accept your new reality if there were no more reason to try to hide yourself from me once I have seen it all anyway? Perhaps it would allow you to relax more in my presence on future visitations?"
The nerve of the man! But he does have a point. Being nude and displaying my body in graphic detail is my new normal for now, and possibly forever if his research fails. Why should he be treated differently than any other man here? Plus, he's our only hope of ever leaving this place. That's worth a little gratitude if nothing else, and if it'll make him happy to see something that any other man can see anytime now anyway, where's the harm? God, it's going to hurt, though. He's a subordinate, and I know him! It's so wrong on so many levels. Nevertheless…
Having made her choice, Emily stood up and walked around to face him as proudly and confidently as she was able. Then she spread her legs wide apart while keeping her back straight and holding her hands behind it. She blushed a little but smiled through it and looked into his eyes. To her surprise, he made no effort to control his gaze. His eyes unashamedly worked their way up and down her naked and splayed body continuously, and he was in no hurry to finish. It was so hard not to recoil and close her legs. Finally, he looked into her eyes.
"You are so very, very beautiful," he finally spoke. "Thank you."
Then to Emily's surprise, he offered his hand to her. She took it unconsciously and he gently raised it to his lips before kissing her knuckles. He was serious about it too. It was a gesture of honest adoration, not feigned or insincere in the slightest.
What the fuck?
"Do I need to tell you to 'Come' again, Captain?" he asked, apparently seriously, as he released her hand again.
"I think I got it, Collingwood," she replied with an eye roll.
"As you wish," he winked, causing Emily to wonder if kissing her hand had just been him teasing her after all. It definitely had appeared to be a genuinely emotional moment for him, though. Perhaps he was now just trying to play it down to spare his ego in case she rejected him?
"You have no idea how hard that was for me to do in front of you, Collingwood," Emily revealed as they walked back towards the police station.
"I know," Collingwood replied, "and I won't forget it."
Emily wondered for a moment if the double meaning was intentional but decided to accept it as sincere, but with Collingwood you could never be certain.
He led her back into the police station to find 4NR waiting, still in the same chair.
"Gosh, I hope you weren't waiting here the whole time?" Emily asked. "I'm sorry I took so long."
"It is fine. I used the time to speak to the school, and you will be pleased to hear you are accepted to join the deb training, starting Monday," 4NR informed her with a smile.
"Oh, thatisgood to hear," Emily replied, while not actually being pleased. Going to school naked didn't sound like much fun at all, and the things she was likely to learn there about her new reality almost certainly wouldn't bring her any joy.
"Ladies, I shall bid you farewell," Collingwood interrupted. "Thank you for your time, 7GQA9E, you are most beautiful. 4NRP4W, please accept my apologies for making you wait here so long."
"It was no trouble, kind sir," 4NR replied.
With that, Collingwood bowed slightly to them both and departed, causing Emily to scoff at his exaggerated stuffiness.
"A consecutive coupling on your first day as a woman! I am so proud. But can you tell me why you were so long?" 4NR asked. "Were you coupling the whole time? The man must have a rod of steel!"
Emily had hoped she wouldn't be questioned. What excuse could she use without revealing that she and Collingwood knew each other? She thought of something to try.
"Um… he just wanted to talk, mostly. There was only a short oral coupling at the end."
The thought of blowing Collingwood made her feel a little ill. Thank goodness it was just a fib. Not a complete fib, though. She did 'Present' for him after all. God, how would she ever live that down if they got back to Earth 1?
"That is not uncommon," 4NR replied. "Many men are lonely and prefer the company of women. Some even choose not to couple. It is enough to have an ear that will listen."
Emily thought of something else. Collingwood had no way to find her again!
"I guess this one was like that too," she hurriedly responded as a plan formed in her head. "He asked if he could contact me again and I said I would be happy to accommodate him. Does your Vidlink have a number he can use, or some way to contact it?"
"Indeed. It is the same as my name - 4NRP4W, just as it is for every woman."
Emily cursed herself that she hadn't thought of asking 4NR that earlier. She glanced around to find Collingwood again and catch him before he left. He was just exiting the main door.
"Sir, sir!" Emily called out as she practically ran after him. Luckily, he turned around.
"Collingwood, I'm staying with my new friend for the next month," she whispered. "She's a social worker showing me the ropes, and she has a phone."
"A Vidlink you mean?"
"Yes, whatever," Emily replied with yet another eye roll. "Her name is 4NRP4W. That's also the number to use to find me. Write it down so you don't forget."
"One step ahead of you, 7GQA9E," he replied with a wink and a smile as he walked away, indicating he already knew.
"That man likes you a lot," 4NR noted with a slight frown as Emily returned to her. "Be careful, 7GQ. Sometimes men get too attached and it causes troubles."
"Thank you, 4NR. I should be fine. He was nice and I enjoyed his company."
"Ok then. Anyway, I think it is past lunch," 4NR continued, changing the subject. "Shall we find a restaurant here or can you wait until we go home?"
"I could eat," Emily replied. "What's the difference? Is there better food here or at home?"
"Food is food. It tastes good anywhere," 4NR smiled. "It just depends if you can wait or not."
Emily briefly considered whether she would be more comfortable getting back to the relative privacy of the women's quarters as soon as possible or if she could brave public nudity a little longer. She was quite famished and also thought some more effort getting accustomed to her new reality might be good for her, as much as she loathed the idea of pushing herself to do something like this.
"Shall we try something here?" Emily suggested. "I'm hungrier than I thought I was, now that you made me think of it."
"It is good, 7GQ. Let us see what we can find."
A short walk later they spotted a restaurant and were making their way towards it when they were approached by two men.
"Good afternoon, 4NRP4W and 7GQA9E. Could you both 'Kneel' and 'Open' please?"
4NR immediately got on her knees with her hands behind her back and legs apart while holding her mouth wide open. Emily was a little slower on the uptake. It was in the street! Then hesitantly she followed 4NR's lead and assumed the same position.
Gross! Am I actually going to blow someone while stark naked and on my knees in the street now?
Moments later she had her answer. Both women had cocks in their mouths and started working fervently to get the men to orgasm.
This was so foreign to Emily, and so contrary to her nature. She never would have considered blowing any man on her knees back on Earth 1, let alone consider doing it in public, even fully dressed! Yet here she was, completely naked, shaved pussy, down on her knees in the dirt and allowing her mouth to be fucked by a complete stranger.
Slut much?
She was deeply regretting not heading straight back to the women's quarters for lunch now. She almost wanted to cry.
In her peripheral vision she noticed 4NR seemed to have finished her man off already and they were both watching her. She hoped Collingwood wasn't still around. She was still so humiliated that he had seen her blowing the cop earlier. That was another thing. Blowing two different men, both strangers, on the same day? Never in her wildest nightmares could she have seen herself behaving like this!
Finally, the man came, straight into her throat of course!
Fucksake! Doesn't anyone ever pull out around here? Ugh, I'm not sure I want to eat lunch now. I think I'm gonna hurl!
She started to get to her feet when a different man approached. He must have been in his late forties. Way too old to be interested in someone her age. She expected 4NR was about to be propositioned. Instead, he turned to her.
"You are very beautiful. Watching you oral coupling was very arousing for me. 'Face Down' please, 7GQA9E."
What the fuck now?
Emily gave 4NR a puzzled expression.
"I am sorry," 4NR said to the new man. "She has not yet completed her deb training. I will give her instruction. Like this, 7GQA9E."
4NR then got down on her knees in the same kneeling position, except this time she leaned forward until her chest was on the ground while sticking her butt in the air. Then she reached back with both hands and pulled her labia and buttocks apart.
Get fucked! I can't do that! Not here!
4NR nodded towards her to make sure she understood.
Emily decided that she'd just proven herself a whore with the public blowjob so she may as well do this too. She mimicked 4NR and assumed the same position. It felt so degrading to be lying face down in the street with her arse up and spread apart, just so this much older stranger could perve at her! Except he didn't want to just perve, as it turned out. She was shocked when suddenly he was kneeling between her legs with his pants down and pushing his penis into her vagina! She felt his hands gripping her hips as he started thrusting with surprising force, the motion causing her breasts to be raked rather uncomfortably back and forth on the bare concrete. She put her hands on the ground to take some pressure off but 4NR stepped in and gently guided them back, indicating she was supposed to keep her butt cheeks spread apart while this man did his business.
No way! Seriously? I'm being fucked doggy style by strangers in the street now?
This wasn't erotic or daring in any way, shape, or form. It was just dirty and humiliating. The shame and humiliation she had felt earlier about walking naked in the street now paled in comparison. She just kept her head on its side and stared at a lamppost, putting up with the discomfort and hoping it would all be over soon. And then it was. Finally, she heard him grunt and felt him ejaculating into her.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E." he finished with as he pulled his pants back up and walked away, making Emily feel like she was just a piece of meat for him.
"Thank you, kind sir," 4NR called after him as he left the scene, apparently on Emily's behalf.
What the fuck just happened? I'd never be interested in a guy his age back on Earth 1, let alone let him touch me. Here, though, he can fuck me right here in the street with just one word. Whatever happened to dinner and a movie first at least? Would even a conversation and getting to know each other a bit first be too much to ask? What about spending the night together after an evening of romance?
Emily was starting to realise that here, sex was all visual, all physical and all male orientated. A mere sex act rather than making love. It seemed beyond comprehension that the women didn't just allow it but seemed to enjoy it as well.
Yeah, this is awesome, Collingwood. All I need is a change of heart and this will all be ok…
"Two consecutive couplings! And on your first day as a woman! Today you have been greatly honoured! I am most envious," 4NR congratulated as she helped Emily to her feet. "It is impolite, though, not to thank a man for his seed afterwards. This you must remember next time. Ok, come now, 7GQ. Let us get something to eat."
Honoured? There was anything honourable about any of that. More the opposite. I feel like a complete slut, and I'm sure that's what he thought of me as well! Who else wants to fuck me now? Form a line guys.
"I'm not sure we're going to get the chance, 4NR," Emily replied distraughtly as she glanced about nervously for any other men approaching while brushing the dirt off her chest and trying to wipe the semen that had leaked onto her leg. "Maybe we should just hail a cab and get out of here while we still can?"
"It will be no problem. If any more come, we will ask them to wait until we have finished eating. Usually, they just apologise and do not stay when that occurs."
Thankfully they were left alone after that and were able to have lunch in peace. Once they finished eating, they hailed a cab and were soon back within the confines of the women's quarters. Emily wasn't in the mood for talking after being fucked doggy style in the street, so lunch and the cab ride home were mostly in silence. Once back in 4NR's apartment, she once again took a very long shower.
Later in bed she recounted her day.
She'd given blowjobs to two different strangers and allowed a third to fuck her. All while she was completely naked in a public place with people watching. She had no choice, right? But then why had she called herself a slut and a whore while it was happening if she was just a helpless victim in all of it?
Then it hit her. It was because she had to take some, if not all of the blame for everything that had happened. She hadn't just allowed it all by failing to raise a single objection. It was much more than that. She'd made the choice to do it. She'd consented to all of it, and she couldn't have made that consent clearer if she'd shouted it from the rooftops.
She'd begun the day by shaving her pussy and irrigating her bowel, both with the expectation of being looked at by men and being fucked in one or both of those places. Then she'd left the apartment completely naked and wearing a collar, which she knew full well around these parts meant that she was open for business. She was the one who got on her knees with her mouth open for those guys. She was the one who leaned forward both times and took them into her mouth. She was the one who lay face down on the ground and held her pussy open for that much older man. She was the one who didn't get up and leave when she knew he was about to penetrate her.
Why had she done any of it? She never would have done anything like that back home.
Sure, the thought of experiencing the rattan again or being thrown into a jail cell frightened her, but let them cane her arse to the bone and jail her forever if that's all it would take to stop it all. There was a much greater fear for her than those things, though. What exactly was it? Why had she gone along with any of this? Suddenly she knew what it was. It was the fear of looking like an idiot. Yes, this wasn't home and that was the difference. Here women were expected to do this. It was normal for them and none of them had a problem with it. In their eyes she would have looked like a complete imbecile if she had chosen jail or the rattan over going along with it. Experiencing that sort of humiliation was more terrifying for her than the threat of jail or even the rattan, or even the humiliation of showing her naked body to anyone who cared to look, and letting random strangers fuck every hole she had. This was all on her. No one else could take the blame. It had been her choice all along, and, ironically, she'd made it for the sake of pride. Worse still, she knew that she would make the same choice tomorrow and the next, and the next, and the next, infinitum. Worse even still, she knew that on some level she had enjoyed it somehow, but she was refusing to admit it to herself.
It was a troubling revelation for her as she softly cried herself to sleep.