A Voyeurs tale:
I live in an apartment in one of those large brown-stone buildings in upper New York where all the windows have a balcony and sun awning so you can only see straight across. The apartment opposite had been empty for months now with only the occasional cleaner to keep the dust at bay so I had got used to moving about in my home in either boxers or pyjamas as there was no one to see me.
It had been a hot and sticky day - the electricity in the air was palpable. The storm they promised hadn't yet arrived but in the office several arguments had broken out over what in "normal" times would have been trivial issues. I had taken the afternoon off to work at home where I could concentrate in peace. Soon after I moved in I had converted part of my main bedroom to an office, with the desk to the side of the full length glazed balcony doors.
Although now only 8pm I noticed it was getting dark when I had to turn on my desk lamp. I had changed into my pyjamas soon after I had got in to be more comfortable and was now considering removing them altogether. Before I did I had come to a pertinent passage so was fully engrossed when the storm hit with a ferocity I have seldom seen.
The lightning lit up the sky as bright as day. I could see straight into the bedroom of the apartment opposite and there she was, stark naked, with her cell phone to her ear, leaning against the full length mirror on the back wall and looking directly into my apartment. I don't know who was more surprised, her or me! Striding over to the window without a hint of embarrassment she drew the shades.
The room was dark again the following night with the heavy shades fully drawn. On the third night I noticed that the drapes had been changed for lighter, floral ones. Suddenly her light came on and I could see her shadow as she undressed. It was if she was putting on a show. This happened several nights in a row, with the shades open a little wider each time until they were fully open. There was no doubt in my mind that while I was watching her, equally she was watching me. I could clearly see she had installed a pull-up bar and rolled up against the mirror was an exercise mat. The first time she used them she came into the room dressed in a belted kimono style shortie bathrobe and facing the mirror did several pull-ups and then some floor exercises. This carried on for several days until one hot sticky night when the air con was struggling to cope, I decided to ditch the pyjamas and just wear my boxers. She stood in the window in her robe, as if daring me to tent the fabric: when this happened she slipped the robe off her shoulders and continued with her exercises, topless.
The following day I went to pawn shop owner I knew and asked him to get some binoculars for me, saying that quality didn't matter. After all I only wanted them to see across the street, didn't I?
He rang me to say he had found some and I could pick them up on my way home. They would be $50. They were surprisingly good for such a low price.
When I got home I deliberately put the binoculars under the desk lamp in plain sight expecting that when she saw them she would pull the drapes but she simply carried on with her nightly routine, topless as before, so I left them there. Next evening as she started her squats I lifted the binoculars just to see what she would do. She looked at me through the mirror and didn't stop so I put them to my eyes. To my surprise as she squatted she undid her belt allowing the robe to slip off completely. Then she stood up, straddled the mat and with stiff legs reached forward to touch the floor, thus giving me a full view of all her assets whilst deliberately looking straight at me through her legs.
At this point my cock poked its way out of my boxers.
Not content with that she turned to face me and did the splits, smiling as she bounced her pussy on the mat several times. Then I knew this game was as much for her as it was for me. My cock, now free, waved about like a mad thing. I made sure she got a good look and waited until she closed the drapes before jerking off. Boy, were those binoculars worth the money!
This happened for two evenings until, on the third, she walked into the room completely naked. At this point I thought it only fair to do away with my boxers as well. While she exercised I sat and watched, massaging my cock, stopping just before I came and letting the feeling subside before starting again. All the while she was watching me as I watched her.
Everything went quiet with the drapes tightly drawn over the Labor Day holiday period and for several days after that. When she returned I could see the shadow of her undressing and exercising again through the thin drapes. Then one evening I took up my usual viewing position and noticed something different. The drapes had been opened and the awning pulled down so when she came into the room all I could see of her was from just below the tits down. I also saw a chair that I was sure hadn't been there before.
She was followed into the room by a black man, dressed in jogging bottoms. They stood opposite each other and she dropped to her knees in front of him. Pulling the cord she slipped the joggers slowly down, revealing one of the biggest cut cocks I had ever seen. Looking across she kissed the crown and then allowed it to slip into her mouth, working him until he was fully erect. Then she got up, turned round and positioned herself three quarters on so I could see everything, bent over and grabbed the chair. He placed his cock between her legs and slowly inch by inch, eased it into her willing pussy, stopping only with what looked like a good two inches to go.
By now I was rampant too. With one hand holding the binoculars to my eyes, I started stroking my cock with the other. Turning her face towards me so she could clearly see what I was doing, in one swift movement she rammed herself back onto his cock, taking it all in. I timed my strokes to his as he started to fuck her - ever so slowly at first but getting faster and faster. It was a magnificent sight, the blackness of his rod glistening with her juices, against the whiteness of her skin and the look of pure ecstasy on her face as he pounded her and she watched me jerking off. I imagined I could hear her screams of passion and that finally pushed me over the edge. Great globs of jizz splattered onto my body at the same time as he must have cum in her pussy. As he pulled out I could see his jizz start to dribble from her body. She reached back to catch it and with a final flourish put her now coated hand to her lips and licked it clean. Not to be outdone and making sure she was still watching, I collected the jizz from my body and did the same, tasting myself for the first time. I got up, went to the bathroom, spat it out into the toilet and returned. By this time she had drawn the drapes so I knew the show was over for tonight at least.
The following evening the awning in the same position and the light was off. It was turned on just as she came into the room followed by two men, one black and and the other Asian looking. Both were completely naked. I was quite sure that this black man was not the same as yesterday as his cock was uncut. Glancing across to make sure I was watching, she dropped to all fours taking the black man in her mouth, while the Asian pushed slowly into her pussy. The black man stood still and as she was rocked back and forward by the Asian she took his cock in giving him the perfect blow-job. Then they changed round and the black man started to fuck her in the ass, while the Asian in her mouth got his blow-job. Suddenly the black man pulled out, shooting his jizz all along her back. The other man pulled out of her mouth and licked the jizz up with gusto. Then taking the black man's cock in his mouth, started to bob until she pulled him away and the black man sprayed cum all over his face. Meanwhile I was pumping away at my cock and holding on to the binoculars for dear life, trying not to cum too soon as the the production opposite unfolded.
She made a show of licking his face clean and swallowing, turning to me and opening her mouth, showing me it had gone. The black man then bent forward, letting me see his face for the first time and with a wide grin, winked as the other man rammed himself up his arse. She laid herself on the floor and started sucking on the black man's balls. As the Asian finally pulled out she stopped sucking and opened her mouth, just in time to catch all his jizz. With all of them looking at me now she made another big production of swallowing. I couldn't hold on any longer and shot all over my body. This time I scooped it up, licked my hand clean and with an equal flourish, so as not to be outdone, swallowed too.
Everything was dark for the next couple of days with the drapes firmly closed. Just in case she was there and watching I jerked off in front of my window anyway.
I came home to find a small packet pushed under my door. In it was a note and two CD's. The note read - I enjoyed it while it lasted - Thanks. You will find two DVD's entitled 'The Watcher' & 'The Watched' respectively for you to enjoy. If 'The Watched' or any part of it goes on the Internet then so does yours and I will send copies to your fellow company directors and the mail-room as well.
When I viewed them I realised I had not seen the hidden cameras set up to film her and more worrying, I'd missed the one with its high powered lens pointed across the street at me, recording my every move as well!
I finally screwed up enough courage to cross the street and ask the doorman what had happened to her only to be told she was High Powered attorney from Atlanta sent here to assist in a major merger. Now the merger was complete, she had gone home.