It was hard not to stare at the three of them standing in front of her. They were tall, tanned, and had great shoulders under their tee-shirts. And, from the look of their hands she was sure she had nice cocks to match. I'd like to ride one of those, she thought.
"Excuse me?" one of them turned and said to her.
She was mortified as she realized the words had left her mind and come right out of her mouth. "Oh, sorry," she said. At this point all three of them were looking at her with coy grins.
"No problem," the tallest one said. Then they took their tickets and headed through the door. They talked under their breaths as they moved and then all three turned to look at her before the door shut behind them.
She took her ticket and headed into the dark theater. There were quite a few people in the room, but as she scanned the dimly lit arena she saw the three guys in the back corner gesturing in her direction. She took a quick look around and, when she realized they were truly calling her, she headed in their direction. Her heart was beating so fast and her panties were getting wetter and wetter with each step.
"Hi" she said as she stepped beside them. She took her place in the middle of two of them; the third one was just over from them.
Minutes after the movie started she felt an arm over her shoulder and fingers tickling her nipples. Suddenly another hand was on her knee and slowly sliding up her skirt and into her sopping pussy. She could have come from the mere excitement rushing through her body. Although hands were now fondling her both guys kept their eyes straight ahead on the screen.
She let her knees fall apart a little more so that big hand could finger fuck her a little better. He was working slowly, though; his fingers teasingly circled her clit, pushing her to want big cock even more. She turned to the guy with his fingers in her pussy and as they caught eyes he pulled his hand from between her legs and stuck his fingers in her mouth. With pussy on her lips she then turned to the other guy and licked his lips to give him a taste. That was all he needed to encourage him to slip down on the floor and bury his face between her legs.
The guy that had started with his fingers in her pussy now had his cock out and grabbed her hand to stroke him. His cock was exactly what she thought it would be - hard, fat, and long. She stroked it hard, trying not to come as the guy between her legs now had fingers in her ass and pussy while he licked like crazy. There was no shame by now as the third guy slid in for some action, too. All of a sudden she had a second cock in her hand and, again, it was nice. Here she was: legs spread, a hottie eating her pussy, a big cock in each hand, and all she could think about was getting fucked.
Since they were at the back of the theater she didn't see any problem with getting the cock she wanted. She pushed the guy out from between her legs, sat him down on the chair, and knelt in front of him to pull his cock out and see what she was dealing with. He had a good one, but not what she wanted.
It was the second guy she wanted first. So, she pulled up her skirt, used her fingers to spread her pussy lips apart, and lowered her body right over his fat dick. Since her back was to him as she rode him he reached around to pinch her nipples with each pussy stroke she gave him. She still had the middle guy's cock in her hand and soon she was riding his cock just as hard.
The third guy leaned over in her ear as she was grinding her pussy on his buddy and said, "Isn't it my turn yet?"
She nicely obliged and took position on his dick... and boy, it was the best of them all. He grabbed her hips and gently pushed them in a little circle to get her moving. He slipped his hand around to play with her at the same time and, without warning, she started coming all over that nice pole.
She must have been making more noise than she thought because a couple in front of them turned around to see what the commotion was about. She didn't care. She rode as hard she could and then he was ready to come. She jumped off and bent over to stick his cock in her mouth so she could enjoy every drop. Seeing her pussy was free one of the other guys didn't hesitate. Instantly she had another cock pounding away.
She had sucked everything she could off her first guy and, with a big dick still inside her, she turned to the third guy and took his cock in her mouth. She couldn't get it deep enough in her mouth! She sucked and sucked and all of a sudden felt warm cum all over her thighs from the guy behind her. She reached between her legs and started finger fucking herself as she brought the third guy to climax in her mouth. She came again just as he shot his wad all over her lips. All three guys were now reclined back in their chairs and breathing hard.
At this point she needed some fresh air and a cold drink. She stood up, pulled her skirt down, and stepped over the guys and out into the isle. The movie wasn't that good anyway, she though, as she headed out the exit.