You talked, we listened! A number of people were quite vocal in saying how they did not like the direction this story was going. We have responded to all of those very thoughtful and well-intentioned criticisms. We hope that you think that the story is back on track. If you agree, please give us a favorable rating.
This story is a continuation of I'm Dating Our Mailgirl. The 1st 4 chapters of that story should be read first for context. All characters are 18 or older and are completely fictitious as is Seahawk Industries. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental and unintentional.
I CHECKED MY EMAIL
I had 17 unread email. I sorted them in reverse chronological order. The 3rd one was 9:04 AM Nov. 1, high urgency; distribution list was all employees in the corporate headquarters and the law firm on the 34th - 36th floor of the building. It was as 9 had described, but she left out that everyone was encouraged to attend the shearing activity. To encourage attendance, the mailgirl who has the most "fans" in attendance (that's what they called them (us?)) would be awarded an unspecified prize. A ballot would be handed out at each session and we would vote on our favorite. I was heartbroken when I read this email. I know how heartbroken 9 was when she told me what they were going to do. I don't think it was so much vanity over having her strawberry blond hair cut as it was having her human dignity further eroded. I wished there was something I could do to change this ill-conceived decision.
The seventh one was 11:37 AM Nov 1, high urgency; distribution list was all employees in the Seahawk building. In a cost cutting measure, the firm was eliminating the use of carrier services such as Fex Ex or DSL or the mail to any building in the 8 blocks immediately contiguous to the Seahawk building. That was a 9 block area, 3 x 3, with our building in the center. From now on mailgirls would make deliveries to any of those buildings. As a courtesy, they could also be dispatched to pick up packages. The local law enforcement agencies had been notified and to eliminate arrest or harassment for public nudity, if the girls were on a leash escorted by security, they were not to be stopped. The new plan would go into effect at 7:00 AM Nov. 4
The 11th email was 1:14 PM Nov 1, high urgency; distributed to HR, and the medical staff (there were 4 employees in that department to handle the ordinary emergency needs of any large corporation and such incidental tasks as organizing blood drives, inoculation drives, educational programs, wellness monitoring, etc.), In addition the email was distributed to 3 people who weren't employees but who I learned were the 3 people who showed up to minister to 6 when she had her psychotic break. And I was on the distribution list! There was no obvious reason in terms of my relationship to any of those others on the list. It began cheerily, "We are pleased to report that mailgirl 6 who had had some medical issues is well on the road to a complete recovery. We have been told that we can discontinue her dosage of fluoxetine. We are going to see how the mailgirls respond to a complete elimination of fluoxetine. As a precautionary measure 9, who has shown continued signs of psychotic behavior, has been switched from fluoxetine to vortioxetine. "Continued signs of psychotic behavior"? And why was I informed of this. Obviously I had a relationship with 9 but there was no official reason why this should have been sent to me. Was this just a way of getting at me?
The 14th email was sent 3:21 PM Nov 1, the same distribution list as the 11th and in addition the nutrition/food service department. Again, my name stuck out on the distribution list like a sore thumb. "In our ongoing efforts to improve the nutritional/medical well being of our mailgirls, we have been testing the use of Sulpiride as an antidepressent. We have been encourage by the results of the test in the past week when it was added to the mailgirls' gruel. While these preliminary results are quite encouraging, it does have the effect of increasing the possibility of lactation and it will continue to be monitored closely. Until we can evaluate the results, we will discontinue the use of this drug. The food service department will discontinue adding sulpiride to the gruel that is prepared for the mailgirls. 9 however will be given prescriptions of sulpiride which she can take on an "as needed" basis.
All of the email were from Rose Anderson. Just as my name stuck out on two of the email, Olivia Wallace also stuck out. Why was this accounts payable clerk included in the distribution list? I got the answer then I went back to my inbox. 7:21 AM Nov 4 high urgency; distribution list was all employees in the Seahawk building. Please join us in welcoming the new Supervisor of Mailgirl operations, Olivia Wallace. Olivia has been going through orientation in order to officially assume her new responsibilities this morning. We want to thank Rose Anderson for the admirable job she has performed since the mailgirl program was first instituted at Seahawk Industries."
This was starting to explain a lot.
So Olivia is the new mailgirl czar. I wondered if I could just possibly leverage her infatuation with me into a reprieve for the girls. I called her office. "Olivia, congratulations on your promotion. Let me buy you lunch today, are you available? Great, the cafeteria alright? See you there at 12:30."
At 12:15 I took off my bra. I applied some more makeup and unbuttoned the top two buttons of my blouse. Damn, why couldn't those little suckers be fuller. Oh, well. Maybe Olivia is a small boob person.
We grabbed our lunches and sat down. I selected a section of the dining area that was fairly unoccupied so we could have some privacy for a quickly arranged assignation in the middle of the day. I was debating between the subtle approach and the blunt approach. I decided to go with the subtle approach. If necessary, I could retreat to the full all-out assault.
I started right in as soon as we sat down. "Congratulations again on your new position. That's quite a feather in your cap."
"I know that you didn't just invite me here for polite office chit-chat. I know you want something, Monica."
"Please, you don't give me credit. Olivia, I know you've always been interested in me. Well, now I see you in a different light. Please don't think me vain, but suddenly I see you in a wholly different light. You've not just a mere clerk in Accounts Payable, but you are the mailgirl guru, the czarina." I batted my eyes at her. "Perhaps someone worthy of me dating."
"I was unworthy before? You're dating a mailgirl. Mailgirls are lower than whale shit in the corporate structure."
"You're right. Perhaps I've been blinded by infatuation. But now I can evaluate you differently. Wasn't it Henry Kissinger who said 'power is the ultimate aphrodisiac'? You now have power."
"Power for someone who wants something? What do you want?"
"I want you to rescind the edict about shearing the mailgirls' hair. It's too much of a humiliation. It doesn't promote the mailgirls mission of offering desirable sexual objects who can arouse libido in male employees. Heck, I'm sure having seen my reaction to 9 you realize they have an effect on female libido also. Having a bunch of Buchenwald refugees roaming around the building would completely destroy that mood."
"I hadn't thought about that. Maybe you are right. But if I give you this concession, there will be a price to pay."
Here it comes. "And what would that be?" I said as I batted my eyes.
"You're going to go out with me. I don't just mean Brew House out, but a full fledged date. Dinner, clubbing. . ." There was a dramatic pause. "And then a night of passionate lovemaking."
There it was, slapping me in the face. I was now to become a prostitute just to save my beloved 9."
I summoned all of my abilities to lie and I replied, "Alright, I can see that. Actually I would enjoy it so that isn't much of a price to pay. As soon as I see the email reversing the directive, we are on." The deal probably should have been sealed with a kiss, but we were in the cafeteria. We smiled and shook hands.
When I got back to my office, I opened my email. Nothing. refresh, nothing, refresh. There it was 1:44 PM high urgency distribution list was all employees in the corporate headquarters and the law firm on the 34th - 36th floor of the building.
"Postponement of shearing mailgirls' heads. Due to some technical difficulties, the planned shearing of the mailgirls that was to begin this evening has been postponed indefinitely. Please await further developments. We apologize to any of you who were anticipating this major event."
Postponed, POSTPONED. Has she tricked me? This has got to be clarified. But at least it did say postponed indefinitely. But I haven't yet defiled my body with Olivia's obscene tongue. But this has to be clarified.
AN UNEXPECTED VISIT FROM JOYCE PARKER
At about 2:00 I was surprised to see Joyce Parker coming toward my office. My office door was open, but she politely knocked. "May I come in?"
"Of course." Ms. Parker appeared different than she had when I first saw her. When she brought the mailgirls to our floor for orientation on the 1st day they were hired, her graying hair was worn in a practical bun like a librarian. Now her hair had been highlighted to accent their blonde features. She wore it in a short bob with sophisticated bangs which highlighted her hazel eyes.
"Monica, we haven't been formally introduced. I'm Joyce Parker, the Head of Corporate Human Resources."
"Yes, I know."
"I didn't even have the privilege of interviewing you when you applied for your position. I believe Bill Nelson and the head of recruiting made that entire hiring decision. Monica, I'm sure you are aware it is time for you six-month evaluation. I would like to meet with you tomorrow at 7:00 PM to go over it."
"Ms. Parker,"
She interrupted me, "Joyce, please."
I lowered my head. As a proper Southern girl, I was uncomfortable referring to someone in such a lofty position, especially one of my superiors, by her first name. "Alright, Joyce. Isn't that highly unusual?"
"What's that, dear?"
"Meeting with you, after work, for my evaluation."
"I've read you evaluation. I don't think either one of us gets high marks for doing things in a conventional manner. We'll meet on the 42nd floor. 7:00 alright, or is that too late for you?
"No, no. That'll be fine."
"Good, I've reserved a private room for us. We'll have supper. See you then."
With that she was gone.
ONE AND TWO ARE NOT SHORN
Olivia and I had not made it clear how her new edict might have changed our plans for the evening. Very uncharacteristic of me to leave so many loose ends dangling. There was to be no shoring at the fishbowl tonight, but was Olivia still expecting me to meet her there? I could have called her or emailed her or texted her, but I just decided to continue with plan A, even if it was without the spectacle of shearing 1 and 2.
Olivia was not there; I wondered if she just assumed out meeting was canceled. But as long as I was here I stuck around to catch a glimpse of 9 since I wouldn't see her again until Thursday.
Just before 8:00, food service came in with a big stock pot. They put 3 large bowls on the floor and ladled out what appeared to be overly generous portions of gruel. But this was the 1st time I had been in the fishbowl for the evening showers. Sure enough, the girls started coming in. My heart fluttered when 9 came in. She had no idea I would be here, and of course she could not see me. She was hand in hand with 10. I wasn't sure if the mailgirls had been informed that the shearing had been postponed. Perhaps 9 and 10 were bonding in preparation of being shorn together on Friday. Olivia came in and stood next to me. She gave me a kiss. It was a gentle kiss, but it was on the lips. I did nothing to indicate I welcomed that gesture, but I did nothing to repel the obvious advance. "I'm sorry I'm late."
"I wasn't sure we were still going to meet her since you postponed the shearing activity. Olivia, I'm not happy with your use of the term 'postponed'. I thought we had an agreement shearing was completely off the table."
"I don't remember our discussing a full blown rescission of the edict."
"We can revisit this later. I just came by here since I had agreed to meet you and I don't remember our agreeing not to meet her."
"My, Monica, you really do have lapses in your selective memory. Here, let's enjoy the show. I wonder why 16 isn't together?"
I said nothing and by my silence I indicated I knew what she was referring to. "I don't know. Maybe 9 and 10 are bonding in anticipation of their being shorn together on Friday. Have they been told yet the shearing has been, uh, postponed?"
"I'll put a copy of the email in the dressing room tomorrow morning. But for tonight, I just want them to have the agony of anticipating the shearing. I want to see the reaction when 1 and 2 are not shorn." This woman was a true sadist.
Meanwhile 9 and 10 had finished soaping each other and cleaning each other and were now mutually masturbating. Other girls were pleasuring themselves; three were performing cunnilingus.
The girls were all gathering at the gruel bowls. They were devouring it with considerably more gusto than they did in the mornings. Perhaps the running around was manifesting itself in voracious appetites. 9 was really burying her face in the bowl.
"Good, 9 is getting a good healthy helping of estrogen. I hope she remembers to take her vortioxetine table. It will work wonders for her. It will help her get over her antisocial behavior."
Antisocial behavior? What antisocial behavior? I was not about to ask. Was dating me antisocial? If that was her definition, than how long before they accused me of antisocial behavior. Then I remembered my meeting with Joyce tomorrow evening. Was this going to appear on my evaluation? Great, one more thing to worry about tonight.
"Come on, Monica. The first round is on me. Let's have a little celebration of my promotion. And more importantly, the thawing in our relationship." She took my hand and led me out the door.
CONFRONTING OLIVIA
I pointedly dropped Olivia's hand as we went out the door. She gave me a dirty look but we headed to the elevator then left the building for the Brew House. Once there, we ordered drinks. Olivia announced she was hungry and ordered some potato skins. She asked if I was hungry, and I had to reply yes. I hadn't eater since about 12:30. She ordered some wings.
I started right in on her, but I grabbed her hand and held it tenderly to soften the blow of the tirade I had welling up inside me all day. "Thank you again for 'postponing' the order about shearing. I don't like the term 'postpone', but we'll come back to that. What's this bullshit about the girls taking too much time in the mornings shampooing and fixing their hair? 9 checked with every one of the other 13 girls, and not one had gotten a demerit for being late for their first delivery of the morning."
"Monica, Monica. You don't seem to understand. Nothing ever happens at Seahawk unless you HR file says it happens. She who controls the HR files controls Seahawk. It says they were late, so they were late. Besides, I needed some pretext for having 9's lovely strawberry blonde hair removed even thought I have delayed the inevitable."
"So you had all 13 of the other girls punished?"
"Punished? Sometimes mailgirls have to be told what they want."
"The memo was sent out Friday. You just took over the position today."
"Officially, today. But I've been in charge unofficially since last Monday."
"What about the other memos. The expanded territory?"
"Rose thought it was an excellent idea. It's what sealed my new promotion. We had to work out some details with the police and the management companies at the other buildings, but I was able to demonstrate I was capable of taking on a major undertaking and bring it to fruition."
"The leashes and the escort?"
"It really wasn't necessary. The police and other management companies were all aboard without those concessions. It just added a nice touch to make the deliveries more interesting . . . .and to beat down the girls."
"The sulpiride?"
She raised her hand and said in mock modesty. "Me! I was researching antidepressents and then I saw the side effects. If you must know, that was my little gift to you." She grabbed my hand and started stroking it. "I thought it would make your suckling 9's tits more interesting. Has she started lactating yet?"
I hated admitting it, but I blurted out, "I got a little taste last night."
She clapped her hands in glee. "Marvelous. I'm surprised it was that fast acting. Soon you may never have to buy milk again."
"And what do you mean 9 has shown continued signs of psychotic behavior?"
"9, 9, 9," she shouted in exasperation. "She is so divorced from reality she won't even acknowledge her own name."
"Olivia, when she has a delivery, how do you summon her."
"By summoning 9."
"What have you sealed onto her ass and her tits."
"9."
"Don't you get it? You people have beaten her down so badly she IS 9. She has no other identity. She has more of a grip on reality than anyone else in this hellhole."
"Well, her medications aren't doing her any harm."
"Well maybe you people should invest in a pharmaceutical company."
I meant if sarcastically, but she perked up, "Say, that's a great idea. I like the way you think." She was clearly rolling the idea around in her mind. "We can have a marketing campaign featuring the mailgirls. The doctors will all go for that. Why don't you mention it to Bill Nelson. No, wait. That backstabbing slug will probably try to take credit for the idea. I'll mention it to Joyce and she can pass it on to the COO."
"I think I've had enough. I need to be heading home."
"Oh, one more thing, Monica. We are going to have lunch tomorrow, in the Hawks Nest. 12:30. I'll meet you there." The Hawk's Nest was an informal cafe in the building lobby.
"I think I'm busy."
"This isn't a request or a suggestion. It is an imperative. If you are not there it will be career threatening."
That was just too ominous for me to process on top of everything else that had happened today. And I still had to go home to face an evening by myself dealing with 9 and 7's -- 16's -- I reluctantly accepted that universal sobriquet they had been given -- little love tryst. "Alright, I'll see you there."
"Monica, you know I really do like you. A lot, Please, please don't fight me." There was a pathetic neediness in her voice that was in stark contrast to the cold, malevolent bitchiness she had otherwise displayed all day and evening. I hate to admit it, but I actually felt a pang of sympathy for her. I needed to find out more about her, not out of genuine interest, but in order to follow the admonition from The Art of War, "know thine enemy".
We stood up and I started out the door. She came over to me and kissed me yet again. Was I being worn down? I did not resist her.. I hoped it was just the vulnerability I was feeling from facing a night of loneliness. "Good night," she said as she caressed my arm. It could have been delivered with malevolent taunting as if to emphasize the fact that she knew I would have a miserable night, but it was delivered with loving compassion.
NIGHT ONE OF THE DEBT REPAYMENT
I got home just after 10:00. I took off my clothes but I didn't remain that way. I didn't feel in the need to be naked. I put on my night shirt. Not my favorite green silk one but an old tattered cotton one that had too many holes. I put it on as if I were putting on a sackcloth to do penitence. I poured myself 4 oz. of Jim Beam on the rocks and climbed into bed. Before I got completely blotto, I wanted to talk to my mother. I needed the comfort of her voice.
We greeted each other, then she added it was after midnight in Atlanta. "I'm sorry. I didn't even think about that. I just had a bad day at work and I needed to talk to you."
"Is everything alright at work? Is that job 2,000 miles from home working out for you?" She had to get a dig in about how far from "home" I was. For her, Atlanta, specifically Roswell, the suburb just north of there, would always be my "home."
"Yea, yea, just great. I just had 1 bad day."
Mom kept up, "Well I'm sure some turkey and dressing, sweet potato souffle, creamed corn and broccoli casserole will cheer you up. Thanksgiving is only about 3 weeks away. You will be coming home for that, won't you."
"Yea, I think I can get off. Mom, can I bring home a friend?"
"Of course you can, dearie. You're not getting sweet on some beau, are you?"
"No, no, nothing like that. It's a girl I work with. We've really become good friends. I don't think she has a family to go home to for the holiday, and I'd like to bring her to Atlanta." I didn't want to get into the dynamics of the relationship.
"Of course, you know your little friends are always welcome at our house."
"I'm not really sure she can get off from work. She really does have a critical job and the company can't run smoothly without her. I'll see if we can work that out and let you know later this week." We said out good nights and I tried, unsuccessfully, to get to sleep.
My phone rang at 2:17. I didn't recognize the number in the caller ID, but it looked familiar. I thought, good grief who could that be this late. "Hello."
I recognized 9's voice and I recalled the telephone number from her only other call to me. "I wanted to tell you 'good night'."
"Thank you. Good to hear your voice."
"Monica, I'm really looking forward to this weekend. I really need to see you."
"Of course, baby. I want to see you too."
She asked me, "Will you take me to Blush & Blu Saturday? I want to sing karaoke."
I had to laugh. "Sure, but that's a strange request for 2:17 in the morning."
"I want to dance with you. I want to hold you tight. I want to take you home and make love with you."
"That sounds like an ideal date." There was silence. I wanted to ask her what her motivation was for calling me. Was it related to the love nest she had to climb out of to make the call? I wanted to know how her night of love making was, but then I didn't want to know. I did not dare ask and renew those wounds again.
"I talked to Mama earlier. She wants me to invite you to come to Atlanta for Thanksgiving with our family."
"Wow, have you considered all the dynamics involved in that? Where will I sleep? Are you going to come out of the closet? What about getting off from work?"
"You're going to sleep with me, in my bed. Do you think it may be at all possible for you to get off? I know things usually wind down considerably at work. They shouldn't need the full compliment of mailgirls those days."
"I can probably arrange it. I may have to make a few trades with the other girls."
There was that elephant in the room again, but 9 added, "I've got a few things to bargain with. I just won't use my body this time."
We didn't talk much longer, "Listen baby, thanks for calling, but we both need our beauty rest." We exchanged affectionate goodbye's and the call ended.
TUESDAY LUNCH
At 12:30, I got to the Hawk's Nest. Olivia was already seated at one of the tables in front of the restaurant. She told me, "I wanted to make sure 1 got here in plenty of time. Grab some lunch and join me." I got a pre-made chicken salad sandwich, some navy bean soup and a glass of iced tea. I was getting ready to sit down at the table when I saw her type out something on her tablet. She put it down as I sat down. 3 minutes late, 9 came out of the elevator with the courier's pouch. She walked over to the security station in the middle of the lobby. One of the guards attached a dog collar around her neck with about a 4' leash. He put his hand on her ass and was guiding her out the door. Olivia was furiously typing something on the tablet. I could barely make out what the guards were saying. The female guards called to them, "Wait a minute. They want me to take her." She came around and grabbed the leash and replace her hand on 9's buttocks. Olivia typed something else. They were headed out the back door that led out to the opposite street from where the building fronted when the other guard said, "They want you to take her out the front door." The guard didn't have to force her to change directions, but she clearly applied some pressure on the leash to make her turn around. With that they were out the front door.
Olivia explained, "9 has to make a delivery to the Greenleaf building." The Greenleaf building was "behind" our building and 1 block over. It would have been a fairly short trip through the back door but by going out the front door they would have to travel 2 full blocks plus a half block out the door and another 1/2 block to the front door of the other building. Three full block of public exposure being dragged through the streets with a leash by a female guard presumably guiding her by the ass the whole way. Olivia smirked, "I thought you might want to see 9 off for her first run in the new delivery territory." We ate our lunches in relative silence. I was experiencing 9's humiliation with being publicly displayed, but then I wondered if she wasn't basking in her new-found spirit of liberation in being displayed so publicly. I would have to ask her about it this weekend.
Olivia asked if I would be at the fishbowl this evening. I answered her honestly, "I don't have any particular interest now that the girls aren't going to be shorn."
"What! you hypocrite. You who were the great champion of saving the mailgirls' hair admits that you were going to get off on seeing them shorn."
"No. I just wanted to be there to be supportive in their humiliation. I wonder if Rose would have been there tomorrow to see 5's, uh, 'performance'."
This was my first acknowledgement of the dark little secret of Rose and her, for lack of a better word, infatuation with 5. The remark just lay there, but Olivia did acknowledge, "Yes. You're right. That is always an interesting little side show." What did she know. How much has Rose revealed. She made no effort to conceal her infatuation with 5 from me, but how about her colleagues in HR.
Near the end of our lunch, 9 and the guard came back. The guard removed her leash and gave her a firm smack on the ass and sent her on her way. I'm sure 9 had seen Olivia dining with me. She would have no way of know that it was a command performance on my part and that it was not a fully voluntary not-a-date date. I was hoping she would call me this evening so I could explain.
We each went back to work.
MY JOB REVIEW
I had put on my most professional blue suit for work. I accented it with my favorite red and blue scarf I wore with my white blouse.
Work was uneventful the rest of the day. I left my office at 6:50 and took the elevator to the 42nd floor. I was greeted there by 11. "Good evening, Ms. Ross. I'll be waiting on you this evening." 11 -- Lisa as she was introduced to me in the warehouse, had no problem calling me Monica there. But she was very formal and business-like here.
I hadn't even thought that one on the mailgirls would be attending to our needs during the meal. She led me through the mail dining area where about 20 businessmen and 4 women were socializing. Half of the guests were Oriental. Then I saw 9 waiting on them along with 2 and 7. Again, I hadn't even considered the possibility I would run into 9 on the 42nd floor. But at least we weren't going to have the embarrassment of having her have to wait on us.
Ms. Parker, Joyce, was already in the room. She extended her hand in a business-like manner. "Come, let's be seated. 11, will you get us a round of drinks? I believe you usually have gin and bitter lemon, Monica?" How did she know that? Did she have a full dossier on me? Then I remembered Rose had bought me a drink one evening at the Blush & Blu. Did she feel compelled to report my drink preferences back to Joyce? What else was in my dossier?
"If you don't mind, since we are in November, I usually prefer bourbon and water. Joyce, is this a test? Am I not supposed to be drinking during office hours?"
"7:00 is certainly not normal office hours. Unless you're a mailgirl, of course. No, it's not a test. I want this meeting to be as relaxing as possible. 11, I'll have scotch and soda. Let's sit here on the couch before we get down to business."
"Excuse me, but shouldn't Bill Nelson be here? After all, he is my immediate superior."
"Bill Nelson is an idiot. He cannot judge talent. He couldn't even judge a pie in a baking contest. And you, my dear, I understand, are a huckleberry pie with rare subtlety and taste. Bill Nelson is a persimmons pie.
We sat there drinking our drinks and talking about nothing in particular. Then 11 came in and asked if we were ready for our first course. Joyce nodded her assent and 11 brought in a small soup tureen.and served us each a cup of pumpkin soup. Joyce commented, "I understand you are quite a gourmet. Food is not one of my strong suits. I hope you approve of my menu selection for the evening. Pumpkin Soup is a little unusual, but I thought it would get us into a festive holiday mood."
Next 11 brought in two salads. She had a 3-unit salad dressing server and asked first me and then Joyce which salad dressing we preferred and she spooned it onto our salad. Then she brought in the entree, beef tenderloin with a side of asparagus and garlic potatoes. Joyce and I chatted during the meal, but it was all about me and my interests and background.
At one point she noted that she understood I was dating 9. I knew I had to tread lightly. She asked when I realized I was a lesbian. I told her that I didn't think of my self in terms of that label. I told her 9 was my first experience with a woman. "Interesting," was her only comment. She asked if I had been with any other women. I told her no, but Olivia was being persistent about going out with me and I had agreed to see her tomorrow night. "Interesting", she replied again. "So your relationship with 9 is not exclusive?"
"I really haven't thought about it. I just haven't been interested in anyone else, male or female. Besides I really don't think of it in terms of a date with Olivia. We just had lunch and it seemed like a natural acknowledgement of her new promotion for us to go out." I fudged the truth.
She kept pushing, "What do you find interesting about Olivia that you would break your monogamous relationship with 9 by going out with her?"
"You're a very good interviewer. I really don't know how to answer that. I did tell her that with her new promotion, I found her more interesting."
"I see. So do you find yourself attracted to powerful women?"
"Well, it's not a question of being attracted to more powerful women; it just seemed like a nice gesture in view of her hew position. Besides she has been after me for awhile to go out with her. This just seemed like a good opportunity."
"And 9 won't mind?"
"It's not 9's place to mind. I am an adult and I'm capable of making my own decisions."
"9 has relationships with other women. That doesn't bother you?"
"If I'm going to be dating a mailgirl, I realize there are certain requirements of her job that would involve, uh, as you describe it, 'relationships' with other women. I accept that as a part of her job description."
"Monica, you seem to be a very level headed, sophisticated and understanding woman. Those are strong characteristics that Bill didn't even spot in your evaluation. I wonder if there are other flaws in his evaluation." That seemed a little ominous, but although I wondered what that comment meant, I let her remark pass without comment.
By now we were finishing our dessert, Charlotte Russe. "How do you like the Charlotte Russe?" she inquired.
I said the entire meal was outstanding. "Good, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Next time I'll have the chef prepare the Charlotte Russe with huckleberries, in honor of your recently discovered trait." She smiled as she said that. I wondered what she meant by "next time".
11 brought in two snifters of cognac. "Monica, I usually don't smoke, but one indulgence I allow myself is a very occasional postprandial cigar. Would you mind?"
"Well, I guess not, but I thought smoking was not allowed in the dining areas."
"Child, the door is closed, and when are you going to learn I make the rules." She brought out a tin of macanudos and withdrew a petite cigarillo and lit it up. I must admit it was an interesting sight, seeing the head of HR light up a cigar albeit a petite one. "Are you sure you won't join me?"
"I'm alright."
"This has been very nice, but I'm afraid now we must get down to business." She walked over to a side table and brought over a leather portfolio. She opened it, extracted a set of two papers and closed it. "Here is the evaluation Bill Nelson submitted. Please read it over."
I glanced at it. Certain phrases kept jumping out at me. "Unsatisfactory" "Sub-Standard" "Needs to make much improvement" "Not up to Seahawk standards". There were two "satisfactories" for "appearance" and "attendance". Specific notations were "does not adhere to the company culture among her peers" "Does not recognize a clear understanding of the responsibilities of other employees" "Does not promote effective working relationships among other employees". I looked at the end of the evaluation. "Recommendations: We recommend Monica be placed on a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP)" and that she not receive any increase in remuneration at this time.
Needless to say, I was devastated. But I couldn't help but wonder, if I was treated to this meal in view of this evaluation, what would I have been served if the review were more positive. I wondered if this was a form of a final meal. "Would you mind if I had a drag from your cigar? I think I need it." She took her cigarillo and placed it on my lips. I gently took it from her hand and took a drag. It nearly choked me; it certainly didn't relax me as I had hoped it would.
"Don't inhale, dear." I handed the cigar back to her.
I looked up at Joyce. "This is quite disturbing."
"Don't worry, my dear. I told you what I thought of Bill Nelson's evaluating skills. When I saw this, I decided it needed a little tweaking. Here is the version I have tweaked."
She handed me another form. Certain words jumped out at me. Instead of "Unsatisfactory" "Sub-Standard" "Needs to make much improvement" "Not up to Seahawk standards", I saw "Excellent, Very good, exemplary." I saw the phrases "Improves administrative support systems" "Is highly respected by employees for sharing concerns, problems, and opportunities" "Builds strong relationships with others."
I looked at the final paragraph: "We recommend Monica be fast tracked onto a career path that may eventually lead to her assuming the responsibilities of the department head," and "She should receive a 10% salary increase." I said, "I don't understand."
"It's very simple my dear. As part of the Seahawk Industries self evaluation, you get to choose the evaluation you want placed in your personnel file."
"Of course, I want this one," as I pointed to the more positive form.
"It's not quite that simple. Come with me, my dear, over here." She led me by the hand over to the love seat. She shouted, "11, please come here. 11!" 11 came back into the room, "Bring us two more snifters of cognac." We sat down, but she did not let go of my hand. "Since we are getting to know each other better, let me tell you a little about myself. I came to work at Seahawk 28 years ago. I was fresh out of college, young, inexperienced and naive in the ways of the world. I was taken under the wings by a 35-year old executive in the Finance Department. She taught me about broad new worlds that I never knew existed. We became lovers." She had not slipped the description "she" by me. "We developed a loving and caring relationship. We complimented each other, but she was able to use my position in HR to mold our inclusiveness policies and to broaden them and to have Seahawk embrace it's current openness toward homosexuals. We did not flaunt our sexuality. But, in fact, we did live together. By taking a low-keyed approach, I feel we did more to further the acceptance of homosexuals and especially lesbians. I sincerely believe the groundwork we laid led to the eventual acceptance of the mailgirl program with its seething lesbian sexuality."
"Are you still together?" I naively asked. I was trying to figure out who her lover was but I wasn't that familiar with people in the Finance Department.
"Alas, no. Three years ago she left me." She was drawing me into her narrative and I risked asking her the extremely personal question.
"Why, after all those years?"
"I didn't make it clear. She died."
"Oh, I'm so sorry."
"She left a tremendous void in my life which I have not been able to fill in the ensuing three years. I miss her love and affection and her companionship, but I also miss the sexual fulfillment. Look at me, Monica. I'm a 51 year old lesbian with fading beauty. I so yearn for that fulfillment, but where am I going to find anyone who wants to date a wilting prune of an old lesbian."
She was rather pathetic in her description, but I tried to cheer her up. "Well, your strong skills aren't in marketing. You need to describe your packaging more positively." She chuckled.
"Thank you for trying to cheer me up. I'm tired, Monica. In my years her in town, I have been able to achieve a certain acceptance in the cultural community. I serve on several boards of arts organizations. But, alas, that brings certain expectations. I'm expected to attend certain galas, openings, special performances. But for the last three year if has just been that sad old aging lesbian who always comes by herself. I tried the services of an escort service, but I didn't want to spend an evening with some gigolo. I craved the company of a younger woman. All the female escorts they were able to provide were aging prostitues who weren't that far behind me in years. They did not fit into my social circles. I haven't been able to find an escort service that can provide the young, attractive, educated, refined woman who I would want to be seen with. That is until now."
The silence was deafening. "You can have your positive evaluation. I only ask of you that you escort me, date me, as it were, maybe three, at most four times a month. Maybe 5 times during the upcoming holiday season. Be my companion for certain events that I will let you know about well in advance."
I mulled this over in my mind. What she was proposing did not bother me. She could get me into many doors that otherwise would remain closed to me. There would be 9 to deal with, but I didn't see that as insurmountable, especially when she understood what I was getting in return. Besides, I was actually starting to feel sorry for this, as she described herself "wilting prune of an old lesbian."
"Alright, I can accept that."
"I have perhaps been too subtle. I want to make it abundantly clear. We are to become lovers. You are to lie in my bed and fulfill me sexually. You are to be fulfilled by me."
I gulped and swallowed hard. She got up and walked back over to the table. She lifted both evaluations. "Alright, miss hot-shot MBA negotiator, which shall it be?"
Was she making me the proverbial offer I couldn't refuse. "You have couched it in terms of a negotiation. Maybe I have a few more terms I want included in our, uh, understanding." I couldn't believe that I was about to negotiate the terms of my becoming Joyce's paramour, her consort, her gigolo, her whore.
"Go on."
"I want to go home to Atlanta for Thanksgiving. You are not to request my, uh, services, Tuesday night through Sunday that week."
"Thanksgiving? I hadn't even thought about that. Maybe that's why I'm a better dictator than a negotiator." She chuckled at she said that. "Counter proposal: I understand you are an outstanding cook. We will prepare a Thanksgiving meal to be served. . ." she checked her calendar, "Tuesday November 25, at my house, with perhaps a dozen of my most intimate friends. You will prepare it and serve as the perfect hostess."
"Fine, but I have to be off Tuesday to prepare it."
"My, this is easy. And fun. I can tell I'm going to enjoy having you as my consort."
With that small concession, I fired back. "I'm taking 9 with me to Atlanta. Her work schedule is to be adjusted so she is off those days. I know things are going to slow down around here that week. That should not be a major problem."
She laughed again, "You do have a perverse sense of irony. Here I am negotiating to arrange for my lover to have ample time to spend with my rival. I love the paradox. It just highlights the depths to which I have fallen that I have to bargain over this point. Granted!" Suddenly, my words from last weekend came back to me. "I will never, NEVER, prostitute myself just to be with you." Not only was I a whore, I was a hypocritical whore.
Having won these point, I decided to go for the jugular. "Last week Olivia sent out an ill-conceived edict that the mailgirls where to have their hair shorn. Do you think the workers at Seahawk Industries want to look at a bunch of Auschwitz inmates? This would take away from the mailgirls' sexual attractiveness. I would think you want to maintaining the high desirability of the girls as sex objects. And this is coming from someone who is dating a mailgirl! She has postponed the hair shearing, but it needs to be eliminated. I suggest you say something to Olivia in the morning and have her release an appropriate email making the change permanent."
"Ms. Olivia's panties have gotten a bit too big for her since she got her promotion. No need to negotiate that point, I'd like to take her down a notch just to put her in her place."
"Well, maybe her place is not dating me. She really has been quite persistent about trying to get into my knickers. I would think a word from you would eliminate her from the list of potential suitors for your newest lover's affections."
"'My newest lover.' I like the sound of that. Come here and let's seal our deal with a kiss. She leaned over and kissed me just as 11 was coming in to take the empty brandy snifters. Surely 9, who was in the next room would hear all about this. How was I to deal with breaking the news to her.
"So let's plan our first date. I want it to be special. Saturday night the opera society is presenting La Boheme. I'm on the board and I'm expected to be there with a suitable companion. I'll pick you up from your apartment at 6:00, we'll have dinner and then on to the performance.
"But I can't do it this Saturday. 9 and I have made special plans."
"You still don't get it. From now on, you don't make your plans, I do. This is not a request. This is a career threatening order if you do not obey."
"Oh, I see."
She continued. "It will be a formal evening. Please dress accordingly. There will be a reception after the performance. Of course we will attend. Then I'll take you back to my home where we will spend the night making passionate love." I guess that made perfectly clear what I had been assuming. What was I going to do about 9, both in terms of telling her about my having been blackmailed into becoming Joyce's mistress. And what was I to do with her after I leave the apartment at 6:00 not to return until the next morning, or probably afternoon. I'm sure Joyce will have planned a meal for us for Sunday.
"Joyce, I want us to have a memorandum of understanding about our new relationship."
"How unromantic. You B school types are always about contracts. Where is the trust? But I will trust you to draft it. Send me a copy which I may or may not have to tweak. As you have learned this evening, I'm pretty good at tweaking."
"And one more very minor point. At least I hope it's a minor point. How am I to be introduced to your friends and associates. We've thrown out the terms paramour, consort, gigolo. The term whore actually has a perverse appeal with it's starkness. 'Mr. and Mrs. Gotrocks, I'd like you to meet my whore, Monica'. Can you think of any other terms you would be comfortable using as you introduce me? I don't want to cause you any discomfort."
"Are you saying you wouldn't mind me introducing you to my friends with any of those terms? How perverse. Do you often engage in self-loathing."
"No, but I suddenly feel this might be a good opportunity to start."
Joyce thought for a moment. "Escort seems too tame, pet is even tamer, bed warmer is a bit graphic in a cutesy sort of way. Concubine?"
"Yes, that's it. It is exotic with a hint of far away lands. It certainly is descriptive. And I don't think either of us would be embarrassed by you saying, 'I'd like you to meet my concubine, Monica.'"
"My dear, your potential embarrassment is not an issue. I'm calling all the shots from now on."
"Concubine. Yes, I think that is it. From now on I'm to be Monica the concubine."
"You are a perverse, twisted individual. I believe I'm really going to enjoy your period of concubinage."
I affected a deep voice as I repeated "I'm a concubine." I emphasized the "con" and said it with a mock bass voice. "How do you do Monica, How long have you been a concubine? Do you enjoy being a concubine? How many other women have kept you as a concubine?" I laughed like a lunatic.
Joyce made the obvious observance, "You're drunk. We need to get you home."
I jumped up, clapped my hands. "I'm going to go home and update my resume to add 'concumbine' to it." She leaned over and kissed me quite passionately. Maybe I had drunk too much, but I wasn't repulsed by this old lesbian forcing herself on me as I thought I would be. I wonder how I would feel Saturday night. I wonder how 9 would feel.
A PEEK AT THE MAIN DINING AREA
Joyce lead me by the hand out of the private dining room. I was embarrassed for 9 to see us hand-in-hand, but I couldn't very easily just repel this gesture. As we passed through the main dining area, I saw an officiously large Oriental guest exposing his prick. He appeared to be one order of sushi short of qualifying as a sumo wrestler. He was indicating to 9 in rough English that she should pleasure him. 9 was trying to resist him, but it did not look like this was going to end well. Then 4 came over to him and said, "Why do you want that bitch Big Red to pleasure you when I can do a much better job?" With that, she started sucking his dick to his obvious pleasure. I saw her glance at 9 as if to silently say to her, "You owe me one for this." Then I remembered how 9 had told me the girls all liked to work the 42nd floor with 4 since she seemed to derive such pleasure in performing fellatio.
But 9 wasn't out of the weeds yet. One of the Caucasian women had removed her blouse and bra and was indicating 9 should suck her tits. 9 did so.
Joyce turned to me and said, "How does this scene make you feel?"
I could only respond, honestly, "Aroused!"
Joyce was concerned that we had both had a lot to drink and arranged for a Uber to take us home. When the driver dropped me off at my apartment building, she said, "I guess you need to take a Uber to work tomorrow morning since you car is still there. Make sure you give me your receipt so Seahawk can reimburse you." Was this an added benefit to becoming Joyce's lover, her concumbine? An expanded expense account?
NIGHT TWO OF THE DEBT REPAYMENT
I got home. The night air must have sobered me up, I did not feel like disrobing. I put on the same old cotton holey night shirt and I waited for my phone to ring. But I fully expected it not to ring. I poured myself a generous portion of Jim Beam although I was still a bit woozy from all the alcohol I had consumed earlier. I had been home about one-half an hour when there was a knock on my door. I was surprised to see Lisa Crawford standing there. Of course I invited her in.
"Ted told me he thought you might need some company this evening, someone to talk to."
I burst into tears. She put her arms around me to comfort me. "Do you want to talk about it?"
"No. But I have to." She assumed I was still bothered by the thought of 9 and 7 frolicking in bed in the warehouse. I was, but not as much as I had been before. Maybe my betrayal of 9 had lessened the sting of 9's betrayal. I told Lisa what had happened at work. My bargain at work with Olivia, my willingness to sleep with her to keep the mailgirls from having to shave their heads and then the grand betrayal of my agreeing to become Joyce Parker's paramour, her courtesan, her concubine.
"Lisa, I'm a concubine." Suddenly it didn't have the comical effect that the word had elicited earlier.
I was crying uncontrollable as I realized how I had made a pact with the devil. Who could possibly know what the rest of my career at Seahawk would be. She tried comforting me with her caresses but to no avail. She asked me, "Do you need a sedative?"
"Yes, I think I do."
She gave me a pill but stopped me from taking it with a gulp of Jim Beam. "That's not a good idea. Let me get you some water." She went to the kitchen and returned. I had move to my bedroom and I was now lying in bed. I was on my back, but she sat on the edge of the bed and gave me the water. I swallowed the pill.
She asked me solicitously, "Are you going to be alright tonight."
"Would you mind staying with me tonight?"
"Alright, I can sleep on the couch. Let me get some sheets and blanket."
"That's silly. You can sleep here with me. There's plenty of room."
She appeared hesitant. "Do you think that's a good idea?"
"I said sleep with me, not make love with me. Not that I wouldn't enjoy that in other circumstances. But you're right, that would be grossly inappropriate tonight, of all nights. The night I agreed to prostitute myself for my relationship with 9, I night I was told I would be taken as the lover of the head of HR, the concubine. I just need to be comforted about the unimaginably inappropriate decisions I have made already today."
She went over to my chest of drawers and grabbed one of my night shirts, one of the pretty silk ones I'm so fond of. I liked her choice. She disrobed and changed into it. Of course I had already seen her naked at the Halloween party so this was not new, but I did enjoy the mini-striptease she performed inadvertently. She climbed into bed with me.
I asked her, "Do you think a good night kiss would be inappropriate."
She laughed, "Yes," but she leaned over to me and kissed me anyway. It was a sensuous kiss.
The sedative and the booze both had an effect on me and soon I was asleep, at least until my phone rang. I glanced at my clock at it said 2:33. "Hello."
"How was your meeting on the 42nd floor?"
"Interesting. I'll have to tell you all about it when I see you Thursday."
"Do you still want to see me? It looks like you have a new girl friend."
"Don't be silly. Of course I still want to see you. You're still my girl friend." I was grateful she was approaching the conversation with a light mood.
"I guess we both have a lot to talk about," she commented. Just then Lisa woke up. I guess 9 must have heard her moving around. Damn these sensitive phones. "Is someone there with you? Are you and Joyce burning the sheets?" I moved the earpiece away from my ear so that if Lisa listened carefully she could hear the conversation.
"Get serious. Lisa was visiting Ted and Jennifer and Ted suggested she come down to keep me company. She knew I was upset."
"Are you two in bed together?"
I lied. "We were just talking." Lisa knew I wasn't telling her the truth.
"It's alright if you're sleeping with her. I like Lisa a lot."
"I'll have to remember that for future reference." I turned to Lisa, "9 says it's alright if we are making love."
"No, I said it's alright it you are sleeping together. There's a difference."
"9 says it's alright if we are sleeping together."
I said to 9, "I told you we were just talking."
"Are you both naked?"
"No, silly. We aren't both naked."
"So which one of you is naked?" I could see she was focusing on the word 'both'.
"Which one of us do you want to be naked?" I winked at Lisa.
"Right now I don't really care."
"Listen, babe. I don't think this is a good time for either one of us to be talking about this. I appreciate you trying to joke about this, but I really did have a rough day. We'll talk about it Thursday. I can't wait to see you then." We ended the conversation. I turned to Lisa, "She said she doesn't mind if either one of us is naked." I jokingly took off my night shirt and lay there completely exposed.
Lisa restored some sanity to the situation. "I still think that would be a bad idea." We kissed again, sensuously but not passionately. I nestled my naked body up against her and we fell asleep.
My alarm went off at 6:00. I realized that I was naked in bed with Lisa. "I need to call Uber to have them pick me up this morning."
"I don't have any appointments until 10:00. I can take you to work."
"Thank you." I attended to my toilet, with the door shut, of course. I got ready. Lisa just threw her clothes back on and we left.
SHOPPING FOR FORMAL WEAR
When I got to my office, I hopped onto the computer to find a formal shop. My passive aggressive nature was tearing me between going to Joyce's silly opera with tattered jeans and a tank top and going to the other extreme. The store opened at 10:00 and I left the building to be there when they opened. I told the sales person, "I want a formal woman's tuxedo." If I was going to be Joyce's gigolo, I wanted to look the part. After making sure they could have the alterations done by Saturday afternoon, I bought a beautiful, or is handsome the better word, tuxedo. I bought a beautiful black tuxedo with pegged pants. I got a frilly silk shirt to go with it, but I opted for the black scarf to be tied into a bow rather than the more traditional tie. The sales person suggested I could wear the jacket with no shirt for a sexier more provocative look. I said I would keep that in mind for future use, but I did buy the shirt. He assured me my tuxedo would be ready in time for my wedding. I gave him a puzzled look. "Oh, this isn't the wedding. This is just our first date."
"Kids today," he said and just shook his head.
When I got back to my office, I sat down and drafted a memorandum of understanding between Joyce and me. I was to make myself available for 3 dates per month. There could be a 4th date each quarter and during December including January 1, there could be 5 dates. I wondered if I was giving too much away for New Year's, so I omitted any reference to January 1. A memorandum was to be issued immediately saying that the mailgirls were not to have their hair shorn. Olivia Wallace was to be informed immediately that it would be inappropriate for her to have any "dates" with Monica. However lunch in the Seahawk building was permissible as agreed between Monica and Olivia. I wanted to keep open that avenue of information and communication. Monica could initiate after-work meetings at a location within 5 blocks of the Seahawk Building. I wanted to allow for any new bars that might open within walking distance as possible meeting places for the exchange of "information". It is to be understood that Olivia would not be permitted any physical contact with Monica. I don't know why, but I added the phrase "that is not initiated by Monica". Hey, you never know. I know that I was drunk when we exchanged all that nonsensical banter about my being called a concubine, but I thought, "Hey, what the hell." I added Joyce and Monica are to refer to Monica at all times except then they are making love as Joyce's concubine. Other words of affection during lovemaking will be developed.
I printed out 3 copies and summoned a mailgirl to deliver the draft to Joyce's office. 5 showed up to take it to her. Hey, maybe Rose would see her since her office was next to Joyce's. 45 minutes later, 9 appeared in my office. "Joyce, uh, Ms. Parker wanted me to deliver this to you. She told me to wait for your response."
She handed me an interoffice envelope with the traditional string tying the envelope shut. Anyone interested could have easily opened the envelope and read it without it being obvious that had been done. Joyce had signed all three copies and had returned 2 to me. "Do you know what's in this envelope?" 9 shook her head no. Once more I lied by presenting it in the most positive way possible without any suggestion of any negatives. "I'm sealing our future together indefinitely." Although my door was open, I made certain no one could see us and I kissed her. "I'll explain this weekend."
I signed the two copies and dispatched her to return the envelope to Joyce for her signature. "Please give it to Joyce personally."
TO BE CONTINUED