Author's note: This is a true story of my first days as a single man. These stories are accurate recountings of actual events. You might want to read chapters 1 and 2 to get some background on Lana and how this all started. Of course, the names have been changed for obvious reasons. Lana's education continues:
It was Friday night and Lana and I were downstairs in the living room watching television on the big screen. We were on the couch facing the screen. In the two easy chairs on either side of the couch were two of my three house mates, Tim and Mark. Mark is the pastry company route salesman who had invited some of the young lovelies from the stores along his route to our open house a few months ago. We all owe Mark for the inspiration for these events!
Lana is 25 years old. She is divorced from a redneck who got her pregnant at 16 and thought she was just a fuck toy. His idea of sex was to jump on, get his rocks off and roll off. I was fortunate enough to meet her and introduce her to a world of mutual pleasure. Lana is 5'4, 125 pounds with large brown eyes, auburn hair and perfect 36C tits and a matching ass. While she wasn't stunningly beautiful, she was very pretty in an innocent way. Her most appealing trait (as it turned out) was an apparent enjoyment of sexual adventure. I am pretty average all the way around but do know how to give pleasure to a woman.
Lana had worked the day shift at the convenience store and had gotten off at 3PM. She stopped by her apartment and showered and changed into some casual clothes before arriving at our house about 4:30. By 8 we had all finished dinner, cleaned the kitchen and were watching some sports. After a long day, Lana was drifting off with her head on my shoulder. I eased her down until she was on her back in my lap and I was stroking her shoulder length hair. Gradually extending my caresses down to her shoulders and arms, the beginnings of an idea started to form. As I stroked her arms, I allowed my fingers to wander to the underside of her tits. She sighed contentedly so I became more bold cupping one then the other tit with steady pressure. As she settled into a good rhythm, I realized that her shirt had large buttons with loose button-holes. One by one, I slid the buttons out of the holes until her shirt was totally ready. A few more minutes of rubbing her nipples through the shirt and bra, I gently eased first one side then the other of her shirt out of the way, lightly pulling the shirt tails out of her shirt.
Lana was now showing her bra-covered tits to both Tim and Mark. She was still breathing gently so I resumed my stroking of her perfect tits. I was trying to figure out how I was going to unsnap her bra when I realized that it had a front clasp! While stroking her right mound, I carefully unsnapped the clasp and pulled the cups away, exposing those lovely, pink tipped nipples to Tim and Mark. It was easy to see the reaction from my house mates as they squirmed in their chairs and tried to position themselves for the best view of the show. Lana's breathing started to quicken as I resumed stroking her tits and gently tweaking the nipples, which puckered nicely. I leaned down to kiss Lana on the lips and while doing so I started my right hand down across her belly to the snap on her jeans. As I did so, she grasped my wrist and gently shook her head "no."
I pulled her shirt together and made a show of 'waking' her, telling her it was time to go up to my bedroom. Both the guys told us goodnight and I suspect Lana was the subject of some erotic self-play that evening.
When we got to my bedroom, I expected Lana to tell me off. Instead, her eyes were wide and she said, "that was the most exciting thing I have ever done! When you started I didn't know how to stop you without embarrassing everyone and as you went on and on, I didn't want you to stop." As she was telling me this, she shrugged off her shirt and bra (which were hanging open anyway) and dropped them to the floor. Grabbing a pillow off the bed, she went to her knees in front of me and unbuttoned my jeans, unzipped the fly and in one swift pull jeans and boxers hit the floor too.
As you can imagine, I was rock hard and when she put her mouth over my cock my legs got weak. For someone who a few short weeks ago had never sucked a dick, she was becoming extremely adept. I guess knowing what she had coming in return helped her attitude. One of her favorite 'tricks' was to suck me to the back of her mouth while looking up at me with those big, soft brown eyes. She put her hand on my ass cheeks and pulled me into her mouth. I would pull back out until she pulled me in again. All this time, I was shedding my shirt, shoes and socks. I tried to kick the jeans and boxers off my feet but Lana would not release my cock long enough. Finally I felt my balls tighten and as I started to cum, I grabbed the sides of her head and allowed myself to help fuck her warm, willing mouth. My sweet Lana took everything I had without losing a drop. Soon my dick was empty and not as hard as it had been. Holding her head in my hands, I pulled out of her mouth. The sight of her wanton smile when I did so is still one of the most erotic things I have ever seen.
I pulled her to her feet and proceeded to remove her jeans and panties. Joining her on the bed, I went right back to sucking those perfect tits and nipples. While alternating my attention between tits, I used my right hand to slide down to her warm, ready box. Sliding my middle finger up and down her opening, I gradually slid it in. I found her more than ready for my fingers. I added another and another finger until I was plunging 4 fingers into her cunt all the way until my thumb stopped them. I knew what she wanted and when she put one hand on my head, I started kissing my way down. I backed down the bed until I was between her legs. Hooking one arm under each thigh, I put one hand under each ass cheek and raised her bottom up to my waiting lips. Replacing my arms with a pillow, I used my hands to pull open her pussy lips and licked and sucked as far as my lips would reach. Using my right thumb to stroke her clit, I sucked her faster and faster to match her hips movement. As I felt her explosion begin, I plunged 4 fingers back into her pussy and put two from my other hand into her mouth. She bucked and shook for some time while I continued to finger fuck both her cunt and mouth.
Eventually she started to come down. Her breathing (and mine I must admit) were slowing back toward normal. By now, I was hard again and since she was more than wet, I pulled her on top of me sliding my pole into her. She straightened her arms so we could watch past the twin mounds of her tits, as my dick slide into her. When she looked up at me, I pulled her face to me and kissed her deeply until I shot my load for the second time that night. We both rolled over, still clutching each other and went to sleep.
Lana had to work the next morning so we got up early and I fixed her breakfast while she showered and dressed (in last evening's clothes - after all she had only worn them for a couple of hours.) I told her to come to my place when she got off work. It was not her weekend for custody of her two boys so it was no problem. When she left for work, I put my plans for the next part of Lana's 'education' into play. Going to a local 'adult' store, I found three shelf bras in her size. I found some erotic oils in several flavors. I finally located a dildo that was just a little larger than me and very lifelike in color, texture and feel. From there I went to a local clothing store and found three shirts similar to the one she had worn last night. Big buttons and loose button-holes to make undressing her easier. I also bought her a short, loose fitting skirt that would look good with all the shirts. I was ready for phase 2.
When Lana got home from work that afternoon, I had her wardrobe laid out on the bed. Shirt, shelf-bra and skirt. I met her at the door - none of my house mates were home from work yet - and we kissed and petted for a while so she would be a little worked up and more 'suggestible.' I took her upstairs to my bedroom and showed her the new clothes. I told her to put them on -only them and nothing else except her sandals. After the events of last night, I could see some worry mixed with excitement on her face.
To her credit, she followed my instructions. I came up from fixing us a small cooler of drinks to find her nervously sitting on the edge of the bed wearing her new outfit. I pulled her to her feet and started kissing her again. I ran my hand under her skirt to find her bare pussy. I wondered if she was going to back out and wear panties. I was pleased and encouraged that she had not. I told her we were going for a drive in my Chrysler Cordoba. It was black with a black vinyl top and black interior. It had a bench front seat and was perfect for what I had in mind.
I put the cooler in the back seat and a paper bag under the middle of the front seat. We backed out of the drive and started south. A few minutes out of town was a four-lane divided highway going 50 miles to the next town. On Saturday night, it was fairly well traveled but certainly not bumper to bumper. When we got a few miles down the road, I reached over and started unbuttoning her shirt. Starting at the top, I slowly unbuttoned it all the way. She kept asking what I was doing, and I just smiled. When I was fully unbuttoned, I told her to slip if off. After a short hesitation, she complied. The black shelf bra lifted her tits and prominently displayed her nipples, which by now had started to pucker. I deliberately speeded up to pass a couple of semi-trucks. She wouldn't look at the drivers but both of them honked when we passed. One of them was a Pepsi delivery truck. I casually wondered (out loud) if it was one who delivered to her store. She gasped and turned red at that thought. After passing several more trucks and cars, I told her to unsnap the front clasp on the bra. She was much more hesitant at this but after I tried a couple of times to unsnap it with my free hand while driving with the other, she finally relented and unsnapped it. Her beautiful mounds were almost on display. A minute later, I did reach over and pulled the cups from under her breasts, allowing them to be free. I kept any cars or trucks from passing us on the right while she got used to being topless.
I slowly passed a couple more trucks and was rewarded by shouts and horns as we did so. I could tell that Lana was getting turned on by the whole process. Time to move on to the next step. I told Lana to recline her seat a bit, putting her at about a 45-degree angle. At this angle her nipples were more prominently on display. From under the seat, I produced one of the bottles of oil and opening it, poured a little on my right hand. I reached over to Lana and lifted her short skirt. Trying to watch the road and her bare pussy at the same time, I massaged her slit with the oil. I would occasionally reach to her tits and apply some oil to them as well. She was laying back with her eyes closed getting more and more aroused. When I felt the was sufficiently worked up, I took the dildo out of the bag and handed it to her. She looked at me with a big question in her eyes. I told her "show me how it works."
To assist her, I put some oil on the shaft and guided her hand to the target. I told her (somewhat untruthfully) that passing cars could not see down to her pussy. Cars no, but big trucks...well. Finally she began to rub the head of the rubber penis along her pussy lips. With each pass she got a little for forceful until eventually the head slipped into her quickly moistening hole. With a gasp, she finally got it fully into her love canal. As she pulled it out, she got a little too energetic and it popped all the way out. She moaned and swiftly slid it back in. Soon she had a good rhythm and again had her head laid back and eyes closed. I took that opportunity to pass a couple of big rigs to give them a thrill. I could see a hand reach for the CB mic as we passed each one of them.
Finally, as we were passing a rig driven by a younger man, I told her, "Well, look at that." She looked up, right into the eyes of a young man about her age who was smiling broadly and giving her a 'thumbs up.' By this point she was past the point of caring and continued to plunge the dildo into her pussy all the way to the rubber balls. I left the highway at the next exit and found a place to pull over in some trees on a side road. I sat and watched, occasionally lending a hand to stroke a clit or pinch a nipple until orgasm overcame Lana and she started to thrash and moan. I can only imagine what would have happened if a County Mountie had happened along at that time. When Lana eventually came down, we got her dressed and headed back towards town.
On the trip back to the house, I thought about what I had created. I realized that I did not create what Lana was rapidly becoming, I had only released the inner her. Once again, I had to love the bench front seat as she lay with her head in my lap and my cock in her mouth on the way home. A couple of times, I had to slow her down because she was becoming so good at sucking, I was not certain I could control the car if she went too far. As we got closer to town the traffic picked up and I had her sit up until we got back to my room. All three of my house mates were there on Saturday night which is unusual. I feel certain they were hoping for a repeat of last night's show but that was not on tonight's agenda. Once again, I went to sleep thinking about lovely Lana in my arms and the next step in her liberation. Next chapter: Lana wants to try fisting. Who am I to object?