Chapter 9 - Derek
"So, what now?" Alexis said with a silly grin.
"Well, do we guys get anything for winning?" Kyle grinned back, obviously enjoying the view in front of him.
"As if you aren't already getting to see us all naked?" Ivy snapped back.
"I mean, that is just the result of losing the other bets. I was thinking we should get something extra for winning the game as a whole." Kyle responded. "Something like 7 minutes in heaven with you all?"
I had to admit, even as much as I wanted to get some rest, that idea was definitely stimulating. I put a hand in my pocket to try to subtly shift the boner that had arrived as the girls did their strip and spin, and made a counter point. "How about this. We each get one wish that we can use in the future from each girl. Up to an hour of their time would be yours. You could then use all of yours to get those 7 minutes if you want. I personally am ready to call it a night, so I would prefer my reward delayed until I am better rested to take full advantage."
"That sounds pretty good to me." Austin said. "I could hang around for a while longer, but I can definitely see the wisdom in saving it for a better time. That sound good to you girls?
I expected someone to reject it. Probably Ivy. But they were all nodding slowly.I guess that solves that. Now I can go home and sleep, then figure this all out tomorrow.We all shared contacts, so that we could follow up on the grand prize we had just won, and then I started checking that I had everything I needed before I left. I found my keys and wallet along the sidelines where I had left them, buried under Ivy and Felicia's dresses, and tucked them into my pockets.Ah, yes. I should probably give those back, and get my shirt back as well. Who got that again?
I looked around the room, and saw Alexis trading Austin's shirt for her dress, and pulling that into place. I let myself stare for a moment, enjoying her curves for a moment longer before she covered them up again.Damn she looks good.I had been staring at naked girls for the past hour or so, but I hadn't tired of it yet. Once she was covered, I saw my shirt at Maddison's feet. She had thrown Kyle's shirt on to cover herself, and she was talking to him, looking a lot more comfortable now that she was covered. I started to walk her way, but then saw that Ivy and Felicia were approaching.
Both were completely naked. Ivy had her hands covering her breasts, but Felicia was making no attempt to cover anything, clasping her hands behind her back to thrust her chest out even further.As if her boobs needed the help,I thought.
"What would you like us to do, Master?" Felicia made direct eye contact while saying it, stopping about an arm's length away from me, with Ivy stopping a step behind her, but keeping her gaze downward.
"What do you mean?" I responded, a little baffled, albeit turned on by the subservient nature of the question.
Felicia broke the eye contact, looking down. I wasn't sure if it was at the ground, or at the bulge in my pants. "Perhaps I wasn't clear enough when I talked to you last, Sir. I said you could ask me to do whatever you want. That wasn't just in the game. I am yours, and you have yet to tell me what you want me to do, Master."
"And I gave you my dress earlier, Sir." Ivy froze for a moment as she realized what she had said. "Fuck! I mean, I would like to get dressed, sssDerek!" She was squirming a little, and there was definitely some wetness on the inside of her thighs, and judging by the droplet I was watching, it was growing faster than it was drying out. What Alexis said about Ivy fighting it came back to my mind.Maybe I should push her a little more.
"You don't get to call me by my name, Ivy. You will call me Sir, or Master, like Felicia here." I put just a hint of anger into the words, even if I didn't really feel it. It seemed like the right thing to do. "Or I may not let you get dressed ever again."
Ivy looked up and tried to glare at me, but she broke the moment she met my eyes. "... Yes, Master." She said. "What would you like me to do?"
I was more than a little stunned by how easy that went, and looked around, only to see Alexis smiling at me, while Austin was a short distance away giving me a thumbs up. Kyle and Maddison were talking off to the side, not paying any attention to the rest of us. I looked back at the two naked girls in front of me. They were both looking down, apparently just waiting for me to tell them what to do. Alexis didn't seem to mind me being "persuasive" with them, so maybe I should work this a little more. But I also wanted to get out of here and get some rest. If I took them home, rest would be the last thing happening.
"For right now, go stand over in that doorway. I need to get my shirt back from Maddison." I said, waving to the hallway with the water fountain.
"Yes Sir." They said, not quite in unison, then they walked away. I stared longer than I should have, watching their two lovely rears shift as they moved. Finally tearing my gaze away, I walked over to Maddison and Kyle. They were fully absorbed in their conversation, so I cleared my throat to get their attention.
"Sorry to interrupt, you two. But, Maddison, could I get my shirt back?" A tiny part of my expected her to ask me for something in return, especially after the way I was keeping Felicia and Ivy from their clothes, but the larger part of me was getting used to having the girls just give in.
"Oh! Yeah! Here you go." She crouched down and handed me my shirt, which I quickly through on. "Kyle, didn't you have some of Ivy's things too? I am sure Derek can get them to her." She turned back to Kyle, and he had a flash of confusion, then clarity cross his face, and he handed me a pair of black, silky panties.
"Thanks for the great game, Derek! I'll talk to you later." Kyle held up his fist, which I met with mine, and then I walked over to Austin. Kyle giving me Ivy's underwear put the thought into my head that I should probably pick up her bra as well. I glanced over, and saw them waiting where I had told them too, Felicia on one side of the opening with her hands clasped behind her back, and Ivy on the other, still covering her boobs.She really needs to stop hiding those at some point. Maybe I can see about that tomorrow.I thought as I walked the short distance to Austin.
"Hey man! Thanks for joining us! I told you it would be a fun night! And that things would get a little wild after midnight! Tell me I was wrong!" He said, throwing his arm around my shoulder.
"You certainly weren't wrong." I said, turning to face him a little. "But we probably need to talk tomorrow. Alexis told me that you could be "persuasive" too? And you never talked to me about it?" I stared him down.
"I mean, I can do it a little. Nothing like what you did tonight, Eh?" He had a big grin on his face, seemingly oblivious to the frustration that was building inside me.They knew about his for months, at the very least! And they never said anything!
"Anyway, I will give you a call tomorrow. I just figured I would get Ivy's bra before I left. She seems to be hanging around me for some reason." I changed the subject before I actually let the anger out.
"Oh! Yeah, no problem." He picked it and Maddison's dress up off the ground. "Take it. I should probably give this back to Maddison. I might make her blush a bit before giving it back though. I've got to say, I am jealous of you though. Going home with the two of them." He gestured roughly in the direction of the two nude girls who were waiting for me. He leaned in conspiratorially. "How much are you going to make them sweat before you let them get covered?"
"Honestly, I haven't thought that far ahead. They were acting a little weird, but that might just be my imagination. I really need to hit the sack soon." I pulled away, looking around for Alexis. I found her hanging back a few steps away, and she rushed in to give me a hug as soon as I was out of Austin's grasp.
"Talk to you tomorrow, buddy!" Austin called out, as he headed for the exit.
I was too stunned to really respond to the hug. Alexis had always been the girl that I longed for, but I had never been good friends. We had talked on occasion, but never real conversations. Just the pleasantries of passing classmates, or discussions about a school assignment if we got grouped together. Definitely nothing that would put us hugging terms.
"That was incredible! I know you have so many questions for me, but it looks like you have already filled out your dance card for tonight." She flicked her head backwards towards Ivy and Felicia with a smile. "Just don't get so busy that you forget about me. I still have Tuesday set aside just for you." Her voice had shifted to a more... sultry tone. At least that was the best word I could think of for it. "And don't be afraid to call me sooner if you want." She whispered into my ear. Then she switched back to her soft, sultry, talking voice. "But for now, I just want one more thing. And it looks like you are definitely on your way to granting it, but I like to be extra sure. Make those two beg for whatever you give them. They deserve so much more than one night of this." I could feel her words echoing in my head, my thoughts thinking them as she said them. "For one night, I want them to know what it feels like to be completely out of control. And I know you can do that, even more than you did earlier."
The tiredness that had been settling over me was starting to fade, as the image of what she wanted me to do flew into my mind. An oddly familiar feeling.Hang on, this feels just like when I made my first few dares! The words are coming to mind quicker than I could think them!I looked down at her, the frustration from earlier rising back up, and instantly going straight to anger. "Were you..." I struggled to find the right word for a moment, the anger messing up my ability to think straight. "convincing me? Like with your power? Were you the reason I was making those crazy dares at first?" she flinched back as I raised my voice, taken by surprise at my sudden mood switch.
"Err, yeah, just a bit. I needed to be sure you wouldn't hold back tonight! I stopped after the first couple though! I just gave you a little push." She wouldn't meet my eyes, and her arms fell from my shoulders.
I took a deep breath. I hated getting angry. I hated the loss of control, that feeling of the rage making the choice before my brain could make sure it was what I wanted that came with it. But I had gotten really good at pushing it away, and focusing on the moment. I let out the breath, and knew I was back in control. I placed a finger under her chin, and lifted her face to look at me. "Do not. Do that. Again." Three short, distinct phrases, said firmly, curtly, but without much emotion. I took another breath, feeling the anger rise up inside me again. I couldn't tell you why right in that moment, but I despised the thought of someone else getting into my head.
I could see tears forming in her eyes, and I immediately felt bad, the anger draining right out of me.Fucking hypocrite. Apparently you've been doing that to the girls all night, but the moment someone turns it on you, you flip your wig."Sorry. I just... I need to think about things." I dropped my arm to my side, and made to turn away, but she grabbed my arm, halting me for a moment.
"Hold on. I'm sorry too. All my life I have been told to do it subtly, and no one has caught on that I was influencing them. I don't even think about it most of the time. It has always been considered rude to do it to another person who could do it, but I was never caught, so that rule just never seemed to apply to me...." I hadn't looked back. The words sounded authentic, and regretful, but I wasn't sure how I felt about her yet. "Just... Give me a call when you have thought things over. I can answer more of your questions." Her hand left my arm, and I walked away, not sure how to respond to that.
So she knew it was rude to persuade another... persuader? I really need to find a term for people like us. But she just did it anyway? And always has? Is that any different from me, who apparently has been doing this, at least for a little while, just without any control over it?The self loathing was bringing the anger back to the surface, and the night was quickly turning from the best night of my life to one big headache.
"Follow me." I said as I walked past Ivy and Felicia. I was carrying their clothes with me, but I wasn't quite ready to give them back. As much as I hated being controlled, Alexis wasn't wrong. These girls probably did deserve to be punished a more.That and the idea of having two naked girls following behind me isn't exactly an unpleasant thought. In fact, maybe I should take a moment to have them relieve the pressure in my dick. I haven't actually gotten off since Felicia blew me, and there has certainly been plenty of stimulation since.I stopped about halfway down the hallway, considering my options.If I did it right here, the rest of the group would probably walk right past us. And while I may have already shown them, I would rather not be interrupted this time. And I don't want to see to Austin or Alexis right now. There aren't any rooms off this hallway, and it feeds into the main party room, where everyone else will be. There are some exits to the parking lot right off the soccer fields, but that requires backtracking past Austin and the rest.... Fuck it. They did say they wanted to be told what to do. Lets just do it.
I turned back to the two girls who had been following behind me silently, my dick stiffening from the sight and from the thought of what was about to happen. "Here is what we are going to do. I am going to head to the family bathroom at the front of the building. You two will follow behind me, and not look at anyone else. You won't respond to anyone else. Once you get there, you will both fall to your knees and wait with your mouth open."
"Umm, sir?" Ivy said, looking up at me. "Will you be allowing us to get dressed first? The rest of the party should still be out there." Her eyes flicked nervously from me to the door behind me.
I thought about just forcing my point, and saying no, but then another idea came to mind. "Fine. You can have one piece of clothing, but you aren't allowed to cover yourself at all. You too, Felicia." I included her as she looked up hopefully.
Both girls obviously chose their dresses, but that didn't disappoint me. I still had a second part to the plan. Once they were covered, I explained the rest. "I am going to make a small adjustment to your dresses. They will still fully cover you, as long as you move carefully." I moved behind Felicia, and started sliding the zipper down the back of her dress. I could see the goose bumps forming on the back of her neck as the dress got looser. "Take a few steps forward, then turn around and walk back to me."
Before she even made it three steps forward the strapless dress was slipping off, so I called her back and zipped it up a little higher, then repeated the command. It took a few tries, but she made it the whole way, although it still slipped a little, the front just barely covering her nipples. "Good." I said, setting the dress back to it's original position before moving over to Ivy.
Her dress was trickier to adjust. The cap sleeves meant it would stay up pretty well, even fully unzipped, and the pleated skirt would keep her covered pretty well. Then I remembered one of the first things I had said to Felicia tonight.The dare was give them to me, not loan them to me. They are mine now.And if they were mine, I could do what I wanted to them. A little grin slipped onto my face, and I pulled my pocket knife out.I am really glad I sharpened this recently. Now to find out how tough this cloth is to cut.I slipped the knife under her skirt, so I could cut outward to avoid cutting her. Bringing the knife all the way up to the waist, where the pleats began, I looked up at Ivy. "I won't leave you naked. I just think this skirt would look better with some slits up the side." And I pushed the knife through the fabric, and pulled it down, creating a slit from the waist to the knee-length hemline. I repeated the process on the other side, then had her take a few steps as well.
"Hmm, not quite the effect I was going for. The pleats hide the slits pretty well, unless you take a big step. Lets try this." I knelt back down, and cut along her hip to cut a panel of fabric from the skirt instead of a slit. After repeating the process on the far side, I had her walk again, This time you could plainly see the side of her thigh and hip through the 2 or 3 inch gap in the skirt on each side. The front of the skirt had a tendency to pull inwards as she walked, revealing the front of her thighs as well, but it kept the important bits covered. I followed that up by fully unzipping Ivy's dress, so her back was on display as well.
"That is perfect. Remember, no covering, and you are not allowed to adjust the dress as you walk. If it falls, just step out of it and keep walking." It was far more of a risk for Felicia, but if Ivy let the cap sleeves slide the walk could be humiliating as well. A look at their faces confirmed that they were still nervous, but a lot less so than they had been while naked. Felicia shuddered, and her dress slipped once more. I pulled it back into place, wondering if I had made it too loose for this.Well, if it falls off, I guess that is what she deserves.I nodded at her, and pulled the door open, holding it for the girls to walk through.
Chapter 10 - Felicia
My heart was pounding as Derek adjusted my dress. I was trying to calm myself, as it felt like even one wrong breath would send the garment to the ground. I could hear the noise of the party, muted through the door. The thumping of the electronic music the DJ was playing. The occasional cheers as someone did something cool, either on the dance floor or at one of the other party events they had set up. The laughter from the people I knew who were just on the other side. And above it all my heart, thumping in my ears, pounding out a beat that matched the music.
I watched as he adjusted Ivy's dress, and then, as he took out his knife and reshaped it, leaving huge revealing gaps in the sides of the skirt, all the way up to her waist. I felt the fabric on me slip just a fraction of inch, catching on my nipples that were hard enough to cut glass. And I watched as he unzipped her dress, revealing her back, all the way to the very top of her buttcrack. It would be all too easy for anyone to tell that we had lost some kind of bet, walking out there in these slutty clothes. And yet all I could hope for was that they couldn't tell how horny it was making me to do exactly what he said.
"That is perfect." I had to force myself not to shudder at his praise, even if it wasn't really directed at me. "Remember, no covering, and you are not allowed to adjust the dress as you walk. If it falls, just step out of it and keep walking." He said, meeting each of our eyes with his fierce intensity for a moment. My loins spasmed, and I couldn't stop myself from twitching, which sent my dress sliding off my breasts. He fixed it one last time, then turned and opened the door.
The sounds were so much louder now it stunned me for a moment, but I couldn't stop myself from walking out as he held the door. Once through the door I stepped carefully to the side, wincing internally as I felt the fabric shift around my hips, but thankfully it stayed in place for now. He had specified that we were to follow him, so I had to wait while he let Ivy through. I heard someone call my name, but I just kept my gaze on the floor. As long as people only saw me from the front, I could pass as normal, aside from my sweat,and other activitysmeared makeup. Ivy wasn't far behind me, and took her place at the far side of the door until Derek stepped through, heading straight for the front of the building.
While I appreciated taking the most direct path, this would also mean cutting right through the center of the party. I took a step to follow him, but I felt the zipper slip just a little, which sped up my fiercely beating heart. The dress was already far looser than I liked, and with no straps to hold it up, I was relying on the tension around my bust, and the further the zipper slipped, the less tension there was. The next two steps were fine, but then I could feel the fabric slip on my right breast, before the seam at the top just caught on my nipple. I could feel the pressure, and the tenuous grasp the fabric had. I knew what he expected of me. I was trying to breathe as shallowly as possible, to disturb the dress as little as possible. I could feel every eye on me, even as I kept my gaze on the ground ahead of me, looking at the Master's feet to stay on track. A few more steps, and my heart dropped out of my chest. The left side slipped, closely followed by the right. This time it didn't stop at the nipple, but kept pulling down, down, and further down, revealing every inch of my breasts to all present.
If it falls,His words were echoing in my head as a blush burst across my face, and spread down to my chest.Just step out of it and keep on walking.It hadn't yet hit the floor, having stuck to my plentiful hips, but that only helped a little.I am now topless. In public. In a crowd. Of people who know me.Every thought caused my kegel muscles to twitch in arousal. I heard a gasp start to spread through the crowd, followed by murmuring. A few more steps, as the garment shifted around me, and I had to wonder if it were settling into place or preparing to fall the rest of the way. I saw a flash, accompanied by the synthetic sound of a smartphone camera going off. I could feel my thighs rubbing against each other, embarrassingly slick with my own arousal. Another flash, then the dress slipped a little further. More people called my name, but I couldn't look at them. I couldn't acknowledge them at all. I just had to keep walking. The flashes kept coming, each one sending a buzz of arousal through me.This is how he wants me. He wants them to see. He wants them to lust, but know that I am his.The thought made my knees buckle, the dress slipping a little more, and I could feel the cool air against the top of my right cheek. The hard flooring changed to the industrial carpeting, and we took a turn to the right.
The noise softened a little, and I could no longer make out the words people were muttering. The dress slipped a little more, now beginning to fall down my thighs. I saw Derek pause in front of a door, then push through and hold it open. The dress finally fell to my feet as I crossed the threshold, so I did as I had been instructed, and stepped out of it, then knelt in the center of the room and opened my mouth, my back to the door. I saw Ivy kneel next to me. One of her sleeves had fallen, but that pulled the other one more securely on, so only one of her breasts was on display. Judging by the hardness of her nipples, she had to be as turned on as I was.
"Very well done, my girls." He said, and I heard the door closing behind us, then locking. "You have done EXACTLY as I asked of you." Those words sent another tremor down my spine, and turned up the heat in my already blazing sex. "Now." He stepped in front of us. I kept looking dead ahead, the saliva pooling in my open mouth. "I am going to let you serve me." Another tingle buzzed across my nipples as he started undoing buttons on his shirt. "I will allow you to touch me, to show your worth. To prove to me that you are worthy of being mine." I was filled with desire at the thought.I have given myself to him, but he hasn't accepted me yet. I need him to accept me.He pulled his shirt off, and hung it on the handicap bar next to the toilet, then turned back towards us. I did my best to swallow without closing my mouth, but I felt a strand of drool slip out of my mouth. His hand moved to the clasp on his pants. "And if you serve well, you will be rewarded." The clasp was undone, and he slowly dropped the zipper. "If you do not..." He let the threat hang there, then dropped his pants to his ankles. "Well, I doubt you will disappoint me." He said with a shrug. I was dying to move, to serve the bulging cock that I could see through his boxers, but he hadn't yet given the command. "Ivy. You may begin." I shivered. I had been ready to move as soon as I heard the right sounds, but they hadn't come.
Ivy darted forward, immediately pulling his boxers out and around his beautiful rod, then lowering them until they fell at his feet. I was kneeling behind her, so I couldn't see what she was doing very well, but I could remember the feeling of filling my mouth with that hard rod, the heat that radiated off of it. The joy in feeling his satisfaction. I watched her head bobbing forward and back, then pulling off entirely to caress his shaft from the side. I let my had drift towards my own heat, having been steeping in my arousal for too long. I could see the fluids dripping from Ivy, even I swept yet more out of my own tunnel. I was gasping for air, even as my trembling core kept pushing out what I pulled in. I threw my head back, seeking my climax when his words cut through my lust addled mind.
"Remember: You can't cum without my permission." The order had my walls clamp down around my fingers, trying to force them out. "Now, come replace this slut."
He had his fingers gripping Ivy's hair by the root, and was holding her as she took his rod as deep as she could, but he pulled her off, and tossed her aside to make room for me. I didn't waste a second to get my slicked up fingers around his rigid cock, closely followed by my open and drooling mouth. I felt the fingers of his left hand work their way into my hair, as I did my best to follow my last oral performance of the night. I had to show him that I was the best.
"Oh," He groaned out in pleasure. "I knew you had it in you. But how do you do with a distraction?" I could hear the smirk in his voice.
I jumped, gagging on his dick as I felt Ivy slide underneath me and begin working her tongue around my sodden cleft. I pulled back, only to feel him force his penis even deeper into my throat before letting me breathe. I panted for a moment trying to catch my breath, stroking him as much as I could. Ivy was holding nothing back, plunging her tongue as deep as it would go into my muff, then pulling back and tracing circles around my swollen clitoris. I managed to gasp out "Can I cum sir?" before thrusting my mouth back around him.
"Sure. Ivy, add some fingers too." The first wave crested before Ivy could respond to that. "Lets see how many times she can cum before I do." I felt her part my lower lips, and slide two fingers in to start, rapidly pumping in and out. "Felicia, you can cum as much as you want until I do." I nodded, feeling the first climax subside as the second was building fast.
I let the pleasure just build, then crest, then crash over me, again, and again, and again. Ivy kept mixing things up, shifting from my G-spot to my clitoris and back, building the pleasure in different ways. At one point I felt Master pinching and rolling my nipples, which sent me over the edge again. All the while I was trying to service his cock. I couldn't count the number of orgasms, or even differentiate them by the end. At some point Ivy squeezed a finger into my back door, and set off a whole new kind of pleasure. I was just a puddle of pleasure as I felt him pull my head off his member, and the warm spunk fall over me as I collapsed to the ground. My head was fuzzy, but I could feel Ivy pull her fingers out of me, leaving me empty, then a big, strong hand started stroking my hair and my face.
His firm voice seemed to echo, sending warm aftershocks through me as it did. "You did well. You are mine." He repeated into my ear as I drifted to sleep on the cold hard floor. I was in heaven.