Chapter 7 - Stripper
Despite the late hour the moment they were through the front door Jessica threw herself into her husband's arms, her mouth finding his as she kissed him passionately. Her first night as a stripper at Sin City had left her wet and teetering on the edge for most of the evening and now she was home she wanted her husband.
"I need you inside me this instant!"
She demanded urgently, her fingers fumbling at his clothing, grabbing the bottom of his t-shirt and pulling it up over his head.
Still kissing they stumbled through the flat towards the bedroom leaving a trail of clothes behind them; his t-shirt, her top, their shoes, his jeans, her bra and then her jeans.
Finally, Tom dragged down her panties, the last thing she was wearing, as he laid her back on the bed. When he peeled the tiny thong off over her feet Jessica opened her legs wide to show him how juicy she was, her hairless pink slit glistening with female arousal.
"Hurry baby... please... I need you!" Jess whimpered demandingly; her eyes glued to his.
His cock was as hard as he could ever remember it being, the image of his wife on the stage displaying her charms and sitting naked on another man's lap, being openly fondled, were burned into his brain forever.
There was little interest in foreplay from either of them, the evening at the strip club had been more than enough to arouse a carnal need in both of them. So, as he lowered his body onto Jessica's her hand reached for his prick, guiding the head of his shaft straight to her eager pussy.
"Aaaaahhhhhh...... yessssssss!" Jess groaned with delight when her husband slid his iron-hard length all the way into her wet crevice with a single hard thrust.
Arching her back up off the bed to meet him her nether lips peeled open around his manhood, softly swallowing his erection and drawing it into her slick vaginal tunnel. From the moment he entered her she knew neither of them would last very long. The build-up from her first night at the club had left them both in an emotional state that would only be satisfied by hard sex.
Tom began to ferociously drive his rampant cock into her, their hips mashing together with every stroke he made. Beneath him Jessica squirmed, moaning with pleasure, her hands grasping his backside and pulling him deeper.
"Fuck me, just fuck me. Don't stop, please... don't stop!" Her desperate cries encouraging him to piston his length more firmly between her puffy, moist labia.
Pressing her back into the bed Tom fucked her as vigorously as he could. The sound of the bedsprings creaking under them, mixing with her frantic moans, filled the air around them as they both raced towards a mutual climax.
"Yes... oh yes, yes... fuck me baby... fuck meeeeeeeeeee!"
Bucking under him Jessica clenched her vaginal muscles around his hard shaft, feeling it pulse as it rasped against the velvet soft, sensitive walls of her pussy.
"Unhhh... Jess, I.... Aaahhhh.... Fuck, oh fuck!" Slamming into her Tom knew he couldn't hold back very much longer.
Her plump lips encircled his girth, folding in around the base of his dick when he drove it in to her, cushioning every stroke he made, making the act of fucking even more pleasurable for him. His arse rose and fell between her splayed thighs and he started to lose control, his thrusts becoming harder and deeper as he sought his zenith while driving her towards her own.
"Oh yes, yes... Tom, I'm... gonna.... CUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMM!"
The last word came out as a shriek, Jessica coming hard and shuddering violently when the mounting waves of orgasmic bliss overwhelmed her senses.
"Aaaahhh... Unghhhh.... Jess, I'm....... aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Tom thrust up into her one final time, throwing his head back and sheathing his cock deep inside her slit as he started to spurt his cum into her womb.
Panting breathlessly, he jerked again and again pumping his copious load deep up inside his wife.
Totally satisfied they collapsed together on the bed, his lips finding hers in a long deep loving kiss, their breathing gradually returning to normal before Tom rolled off his wife and lay staring up at the ceiling.
"You ok?" Jessica turned onto her side, pushing herself up on to her elbow to look at him with concern.
"I guess so." Sighing, he continued to stare at nothing.
"You're thinking about Markov fucking me, aren't you?" It was almost as if she had read his mind.
"If you're that turned on by stripping, he'll be getting all the benefit and the fuck of his life." He stated miserably.
"We've always known that there's the possibility I'll like the sex. Is that so bad? I don't want to screw him but if I have to fuck anyone then I might as well enjoy it." Jessica replied frankly.
He turned to look at his wife and she felt her heart miss a beat as she saw the look in his eyes.
"I suppose so. The idea of him screwing you really turns me on but then, just sometimes, it worries me as well."
"I'm not going anywhere. I don't care if they give me the greatest sex ever. I love you. You have to remember that whatever happens." She kissed him gently on the lips. "You just have to."
"But..."
"No buts or if's.... I.... LOVE.... YOU. Do you understand that, Tom?"
He nodded disconsolately, "It's just sometimes I want to keep you all to myself as well."
Jessica leant across and kissed him again, "My heart will always be yours and yours alone baby."
They cuddled up together, still talking about what might happen and how they felt about it until they finally fell asleep in the early hours of the morning.
Sleeping in until just before eleven on the Sunday Tom was the first up leaving Jess asleep as he went to make coffee after a brief detour to the bathroom.
"Can I have one?" He was standing in the kitchen when her voice behind him made him turn around.
His wife was standing in the doorway, looking tousled and incredibly sexy in just a baggy t-shirt and white panties. Tom smiled and poured her a cup as she requested, putting them both on the table for them.
Their day was spent as all Sunday's should be, relaxing, catching up on the things that needed doing around the flat and trying to avoid discussing anything to do with the club. They managed it fairly well, avoiding the topic until later that evening.
"How are you feeling now? You didn't seem too keen on some aspects of our plan last night?" Jess asked him as the two of them sat down to eat dinner.
"Right now, the idea of Markov fucking you is making me as horny as hell." Confessing somewhat sheepishly he fiddled with his cutlery, "But I can't help being jealous and hoping I don't lose you."
Jess reached across and squeezed his hand. She was as worried as her husband that whatever might happen at the club would break up their marriage.
"Look maybe it won't happen. I'll play it cool for my next couple of shifts and just keep him interested but avoid doing it if I possibly can." Her suggestion raised his spirits a little.
"Somehow I don't think that will get us the information we need but it makes sense to try." Still conflicted he resignedly agreed to her revised plan.
"I'll tell you as many times as I have to until I convince you. It would just be sex, nothing else. It's you I love." She gave her husband a long meaningful look.
"I know. I want to see it happen. I want to watch you cum on another man's cock but it scares me as well." His stomach churned as he said it, "What if you...."
"I won't." Taking his hand again she smiled, "And yes, it scares me too. The idea of another man making me cum, letting him enjoy what's yours. But we have to be honest with each other."
They continued talking into the evening, after they had eaten, and until they were ready for bed without finding any resolution to their questions and concerns.
Monday morning the pair returned to their investigation. Jessica spending her time on the internet researching anything she could find on DeLuxe entertainment and Myriad Enterprises while her husband had a couple of visits to make to follow up on other aspects.
Initially Tom dropped in to the police station just to make George Freeman aware of where he had got to with his enquiries and to let him know he was now working there undercover. Of course, he didn't mention Jessica's part in any of this, that he kept strictly to himself.
"How's it going sarge?" Lisa Williams caught up with him just as he was leaving the office
"Hi Lis. Yeah, it's going ok thanks." He responded amiably, "How's things in here?"
"So, so, you know how it is?" She gave him her usual infectious grin, "Got time for a coffee?"
"Yeah, I know." Grinning back at her he checked his watch, "I think I can manage that if you're buying."
"Sure." Rolling her eyes she took his arm guiding him out of the door towards the café across the street.
As he sat down, he gazed across at Lisa standing at the counter, admiring her pert backside constrained by her tight jeans, wondering why she wasn't with anyone. She was certainly pretty enough.
"Penny for them." She chuckled as she returned with their drinks, jerking him back from his reflections.
"Sorry just thinking. Do you know anything about a guy called Gregor Markov?"
"Name rings a bell." Lisa frowned, "Did you check on the system?"
He nodded, "Yeah, there's no record of anything."
"Wait, I remember now. It was a couple of years back I think, wasn't he one of the suspects in that protection racket business we looked in to."
"Was he? I wasn't in on that one." Gazing back across at her he could smell her perfume.
"I'll look it up when we get back."
For the next few minutes they sat and chatted and, once again, Tom thought that he could really have been interested in her if it hadn't been for the fact, he loved his wife.
Finishing their coffee, they made their way back to the station and Lisa got to work on her computer.
"Got it. There see?" Pointing to a footnote on one of the case files with her red painted nail she showed him.
Leaning over her to get a better look he was again aware of her scent and found himself pushing immoral thoughts about his work colleague out of his mind.
"Nothing could be proven but he was a nasty piece of work by all accounts. Why?" Licking her lips, she looked up at him, her mouth just inches from his.
"Nothing really, I just came across him the other day that's all."
He coughed and stood up squeezing her shoulder as a thanks and left before there were to many more questions or he did something he knew he would regret.
He also paid a visit to see his best mate Rob Greenwood in the planning department at the local council offices. Just to check on any other businesses, particularly bars, that had changed hands recently. It turned out there were three, all now owned by DeLuxe entertainment and fronted by James O'Connell. All three were licensed to a Danny Brookes.
With Gregor Markov that gave him three sides of a triangle, what he now needed was the man in the centre, the man in charge. There had to be someone that linked them all but the big question was who?
There wasn't much else he could do so he decided to head home, stopping briefly at the Red Lion to see if Sarah was behind the bar.
She was busy so he stood and waited.
"Hi, Tom." Smiling broadly, she greeted the detective as she wandered across to serve him, "What can I get for you?"
"Nothing today thanks, Sarah, I just wanted to ask you a question."
"OK fire away." She leant on the bar.
"Did you work at Sin City. For Gregor Markov?" He asked her directly.
She looked nervously around to make sure they we were out of earshot of anyone, "Yeah, I was stripping there when he became the manager."
This was news to him and he decided to press her, "So why did you leave?"
Her face fell, she was obviously frightened to be seen talking to a policeman.
"He... he... wanted me to... to go on the game." Stammering quietly she answered, "He's using some of the girls there as prostitute's, running his own private operation that the gang boss doesn't know about."
"Do you know who the top boss is?"
Shaking her head, she looked around again, "No. He never showed up at the club when I was there."
He thanked her and left the pub, heading back home with more than a few things to think about.
"Hi Babe, I'm back." Announcing his arrival, he called out from the door.
Her voice floated back, "I'm in the kitchen."
She was still sitting at the table, her laptop open in front of her with several sheets of hand written notes strewn around.
"Any luck?" Standing in the doorway he looked enquiringly at her.
She shook her head sending her long blonde hair swaying around her shoulders, "Not a lot. I've confirmed all that we know so far but I've not got a lot further. How about you?"
He filled her in on the small amount of new knowledge he had, the three bars that were now owned by DeLuxe, the name Danny Brookes and, of course, the suspicions around Gregor Markov that Lisa had told him about.
"You went to see Lisa?" Jess raised an eyebrow questioningly.
"Yeah, why?"
"Because that girl has the hots for you. So be careful."
Tom laughed, "I don't think so."
"Trust me she does. I'm a woman and I know the signs."
Ignoring her comment, he returned to telling her about the information he had gleaned from Sarah and the fact that Markov was running a side line that his bosses didn't know about.
"Maybe we have a way in then." She said thoughtfully after a moment, "If I can convince him I want to earn more money he might try to recruit me."
"You need to be careful Jess." His voice sounded grim as he warned her, "This isn't some sort of game."
"I will, I promise." Standing up she kissed her husband, "Now let's have lunch".
After they had eaten, they spent the remainder of the afternoon fruitlessly scouring the internet for more information before giving up just after six in the evening. They were both back in the club the following afternoon so Jessica made sure her bag was packed with her costumes and then they retired for a reasonably early night.
Even though the shift didn't officially begin until midday they still found it a rush to get out of the flat and to the club ahead of opening time but somehow, they made it. Arriving independently of each other they were both inside by 11.30.
Even by Tuesday standards it was quiet. Jessica was first up for the half dozen customers that had drifted in and just went topless for her first stage appearance. Putting her top back on she just sat at the bar once she was done, waiting, like the other girls, for a few more customers to put in an appearance.
By the time she was back on stage forty-five minutes later business had picked up a little with a few punters seated on the stools around the edge of the platform.
This time Jess was in just a purple bra and panties with knee high boots as she stepped up to perform. She was completely naked by the end of the second tune and, getting her first £10 tip of the day, she laid back with her legs spread wide in front of the customer. Two more also tipped her and she obliged them both with a long lingering close-up of her most intimate parts.
A lap dance followed soon after and Tom sneaked back to watch again as she quickly stripped naked and then spent the rest of her time on her client's lap having her breasts fondled.
It was part way through the afternoon when Markov eventually appeared in the club with another, foreign looking, man in a suit and made a beeline for Jessica seated at the bar. They spoke for a couple of minutes before she nodded and slid off her stool to accompany them into the VIP room.
Suspicious of their intentions he waited a minute or so before discretely making his way onto the walkway to watch.
Trailing behind Markov and his guest Jess realised this was going to be a situation she might struggle to control when he told the bouncer not to admit anyone else for 15 minutes.
"Get dancing for my friend, Sapphire." The club manager ordered brusquely as the two men sat back on one of the sofas with their drinks in hand.
Nervous, she started to move sexily and quickly reached behind her back to undo her bra, slipping it off as she swayed to the music, her perky little tits jiggling with her movements.
Avoiding looking them in the eyes she concentrated on the rhythm while she tried not to think about what they might expect of her.
Turning her back to Markov and his guest she put her long legs together and bent at the waist to slide her panties to the floor, then stepping out of them she scooped them up and deposited them on the sofa with her bra.
Naked she continued to dance a little longer, her back to them as she bent over a few times to display her pussy, before the strip club manager told her to sit with his guest.
Sliding onto the man's lap she smiled at him and put an arm around his shoulders as he leaned closer and began to play with her breasts, rolling her nipples and making her squirm.
"Aaaahhhhh fuck!" Watching from up on the walkway Tom heard her gasp as the stranger pulled harshly on her now swollen teats.
The tall man laughed and returned to his conversation with the gangster while still absentmindedly fondling Jessica's chest.
"So, when can you let me have a couple more girls?"
Markov smirked at Jessica, "Oh, I think I'll be able to oblige you quite soon, Roland."
"And Frank still has no idea?"
Jessica's ears perked up and, trying not to appear to be listening, she nuzzled into Roland's neck as he dropped his hand down between her thighs.
The club boss smiled nastily and laughed, "Are you kidding, if he knew what I was up to do you think I'd still be here."
Reluctantly Tom had to wander back to the main room and put in an appearance before he was missed but as he turned to go, he saw the unknown man place his hand onto his wife's leg.
Still on his lap Jess let her thigh's part slightly allowing the man called Roland to blatantly stroke his digits along her pink slit before kissing her on the lips.
She shuddered, not pulling her mouth away, as his fingers pushed between her labia trailing along her wetness before finding her engorged clit.
"Oh fuck." Her soft gasp caused both men to chuckle.
"You need to let me have this one before Frank gets hold of her. She's just his type."
"I intend to fuck her first. Then maybe I'll let you have her once I get tired of her." Markov leered at Jess as he informed his guest of his plans for her.
Pushing her off his lap Roland stood up, "I have to go but I'll call you."
Making a quick tour around the main bar Tom noticed the man called Roland departing, leaving Jess and Markov alone in the VIP suite.
It was a risk but he had to see what was happening so he cautiously made his way back.
His wife was now on Markov's lap, still naked, with her arm around him now as he took his turn to grope her small tits, pulling firmly on her nipples to make her wriggle, grinding her sex into his crotch.
"Oh fuck, that feels so good." Jess moaned, her stomach tightening at the sensations being created inside of her.
Markov laughed and kissed her, making Tom's heart thump faster in his chest. It was one thing watching her being fondled but a kiss, that was something personal.
Jessica opened her mouth, accepting his tongue and closing her eyes as she, rather reluctantly allowed her lips to play against his.
Smirking the repulsive club manager dropped his hand down onto her thigh and Jess opened her legs a little. Allowing him to stroke up her soft skin to her pussy she sighed as he eased a finger between her outer lips to caress along her moist pink slit.
"Mmmmmmmmm."
She continued kissing Markov as he pushed his digit further into her obviously juicy cunt, forcing it knuckle deep as her legs parted even wider, allowing him unobstructed access to her body.
"Oh fuck, fuck.... oh shit... ohhhhh!" Pulling her mouth away from his Jessica groaned out loud, shuddering on his hand as he finger-fucked her.
Tom's own cock was like an iron bar, tenting out the front of his jeans while he watched them. The leering, smirking Gregor Markov adding a second finger and pushing them both as deep as he could into Jess's pussy. Stretching her open and working them hard into her fuck hole as he fingered her towards her climax.
"That's it baby, cum on my hand... cum for me." The seedy gangster urged her.
"Unhhh... uhhhh... aaahhhhh.... Yesssssssssssss!" Jessica shuddered, her thighs clamping tight against his hand as her body jerked repeatedly, her orgasm finally overcoming any resistance she might have had.
Keeping his fingers inside her until she had finished trembling the strip club manager withdrew them from her gaping hole and lifted them to his mouth to lick off her sticky cream.
"Very nice. Now get dressed, you're back on stage in ten minutes." He forcibly shoved her up onto her shaking legs and, as she stood there trembling, she looked over his shoulder straight at her husband.
He had known that they would both be able to see him from where they sat but he couldn't move, he was simply transfixed. Standing, staring, watching his wife being brought off by another man, her body responding to his touch in the most sensuous way possible. He could barely breathe and his cock was aching for release.
"I love you." She mouthed silently to her husband.
Markov also saw Tom as he stood up and left her to get dressed, giving him a triumphant smirk and obscenely licking his fingers again while he walked away.
His heart thumping hard Tom retreated to the main bar, the image of Jess coming on the odious club manager's hand forever imprinted on his mind, and tried to focus on his job. When she emerged a minute or so later, she gave him a sorry smile as she dashed behind the curtain to change for her next set on stage.
Tom waited for Jess to leave the club at 5 o'clock, the end of her shift, before departing himself, telling Daryl he would see him the following night.
He was just about to leave when Tracy stepped across in front of him.
"Gregor's got his eyes on your little friend but I'm available babe." She put a finger on his chest.
"Oh, you mean Jessica... I... I don't really know her."
Tracy smiled and leant closer, "Well maybe you can get to know me instead."
"Sure... I err... I have to go."
He stammered and headed for the exit hearing her laughing softly behind him.
"Bye, Tom."
Walking back to their car and his wife, the two of them had driven in together, he wondered exactly what they would say to each other.
Jessica was sitting in the passenger seat when he eventually got there and looked at him wide-eyed, biting her lower lip nervously, as he slid into the driver's side alongside her.
"Let's go somewhere and get a drink?" Tom immediately suggested, trying to sound nonchalant.
"OK." Jessica replied quietly, "I... I'm... sorry baby. But I did find out that the big boss is called Frank."
"Frank what?"
She shook her head, "That was all they said although it was clear he wouldn't be happy if he found out what his employee was up to."
Tom didn't respond and, putting the car into gear, he pulled out into traffic and drove away looking for somewhere they could sit and talk.
A few minutes later the pair were sat in a quiet pub, Jessica staring into a glass of white wine while Tom had a pint, both waiting for the other to speak. There were tears forming in the corners of his wife's eyes so Tom decided to go first.
"Don't apologise honey, we knew this could happen. And besides, that was probably the most erotic thing I have seen in my life."
"You... you... don't hate me then?" Not looking up from her drink, she mumbled quietly, "You... you still want to be with me?"
Her husband laughed, "I'll never hate you. It's not possible, whatever you end up doing I will always love you."
Jess sat up and finally looked at her husband almost as if she was seeing him in a new light.
"He intends to fuck me. He told me so today." Her voice quivered as she spoke and he could tell she was on the verge of backing out.
Taking a breath, he answered carefully, "I know and unless we walk away now it's going to happen."
"Is that what you want? Us to walk away? To let them get away with it all?" Jess said, seemingly with a sudden influx of new found determination.
Tom shook his head, "No, I want us to take them down and to watch you getting fucked. I'll feel jealous for certain but It's in my head now and... and I want to see it happen."
Jessica smiled, "In a weird way I think I want it to. The idea of another man inside me, making me cum and emptying himself into me kind of turns me on. Is that perverted?"
"No, it's not." Her husband replied taking her hand, "But we need to decide when and where."
Jess thought for a moment, her stomach tightening as she considered what she was about to commit to. There would be no going back after this, if she did this and let Gregor Markov have her, they would be committed to the end.
"How about Friday? After the lunchtime shift. I can probably fend him off tomorrow and we aren't there Thursday." She eventually suggested.
"Perfect."
"But what if he wants more? What if he wants me to become his girlfriend or something?" Jessica looked at her husband for some sort of guidance, "He said he wanted me more than once."
Tom weighed up her question for a second, "Let's cross that bridge when we come to it."
With a decision reached, at least for the moment, they finished their drinks and set off for home.
It was a busy night on the Wednesday as it turned out and there wasn't an opportunity for Gregor to make a move on Jess. She did several routines on stage and made almost £100 in tips, showing her body off in the most intimate up-close detail to those punters that paid.
She also performed seven lap dances, her breasts being groped and mauled by all of the customers who paid for a private session with her.
Tom was standing close by when Markov did make his one attempt to convince her to stay after the club had shut.
"Are you going to have a drink with me later?" He leered at Jessica as she sat at the bar dressed only in some scanty lingerie and her heels.
"I'm quite tired, to be honest. It's been a busy night." Pouting sexily at him she took a breath and fluttered her long mascara'd false eyelashes.
Running his hand lightly up her thigh, the club manager continued trying to persuade her to stay, "Well I have a bed upstairs we can use that."
Lightly grasping his wrist, she stopped his fingers from sliding between her legs, "I think I should go home."
His tone changed to one of annoyance, "I hope you aren't thinking of leading me on, I wouldn't like that."
Jessica knew she had to stay firm and stick to the plan she had agreed with her husband but it was important not to snub Markov to the point of angering him.
Feigning innocence she shook her head, "No, I wouldn't do that. I'm just tired and I wouldn't be at my best for you. It might be better tomorrow."
He ogled her scantily clad body again, squeezing her thigh hard, "Don't try playing me girl. I'll wait till tomorrow and that's it. Otherwise, you'll be looking for another job."
With that the strip club manager let go of her and she slipped off her stool to make her way back to the dressing room so she could get into her ordinary clothes.
Once she had changed, she emerged from behind the curtain and giving her husband a smile, she left the club alone.
"You're in with that one, man." Daryl clapped him on the shoulder.
"Only if Markov leaves her alone."
"Yeah, that's a fly in the ointment for sure."
Tom gazed at him, "Did... did Clarice... you know,"
Daryl frowned and leaned closer to him, "Markov has had all the girls here. If they don't come across then they don't work."
He didn't answer, giving his boss a sympathetic look as Daryl walked away to start the cashing up.
A few minutes later Tom was able to leave himself and meet up with his wife outside, away from prying eyes so he could walk her and the £375 she had made that night back to their car.
Chapter 8 - Anticipation
Even though it was after one in the morning Tom took his wife straight to bed as soon as they got home, eager to re-claim her from the groping hands at the club and to satisfy the desire that had built up in both of them.
It was the early hours when they finally lay back, naked, gasping for breath and totally satisfied.
"I love you." Jess told her husband as she snuggled in against him, her mind filled with the prospect of what the coming Friday afternoon would bring.
She had agreed that she would let the repulsive Gregor Markov have her so she could, hopefully, gain more information about the criminal setup the club was fronting.
'Would she be able to go through with it?'
'What if she enjoyed it and he made her climax?'
'How would Tom react to another man fucking her?'
A multitude of thoughts rolled around inside her head as she lay next to her lightly snoring husband until she eventually fell asleep herself.
Sleeping in late the next morning, they made love again before eventually getting up shortly before midday.
Knowing the wait until Friday would be difficult, they tried to take their minds off what was going to happen as much as they possibly could.
After showering and dressing Tom suggested they head out for lunch and go to a country pub they knew. He was tempted to go to the Red Lion and check in with Sarah but thought it might be prudent to avoid any of his colleagues from work as much as possible.
The drive took about forty-five minutes so it was just after one when they parked the car.
Ordering at the bar they settled themselves at a quiet corner table with their drinks to wait for their meals to arrive.
"How are you feeling?"
He knew they both needed to talk about what she was going to do the next day.
"I think now that I know it's finally going to happen, I'm ok." Jessica admitted ruefully after taking a moment to consider her response, "In fact, in some ways I'm even a little excited about it. Does that make me perverted?"
She looked at her husband from under her lowered lashes hoping for some sort of confirmation about his feelings.
He grinned back at her, "I must be some sort of pervert as well then because I'm excited about it too."
"Not jealous?"
"Yes, of course I'll always be a little jealous but as long as you're coming back to me..." His sentence tailed off as his mind switched to the next day.
Jess took hold of his hand, "I'll always love you. I've told you that."
"I know."
The two of them continued to talk about the Friday until their food was served, then they went silent until the meal was over.
"How will you try to get the information you want from him?" Tom eventually asked her once their plates had been cleared.
Jess shrugged; it was something she had been wondering about herself.
At times the whole investigation seemed to take on a life of its own and she worried that she was becoming more involved in the dancing than trying to uncover the gang's secrets. However, now that was changing and although she was probably going to have to fuck Gregor Markov, she knew there was an opportunity to find out more.
"I think he's going to try to talk me into becoming his girlfriend and conscript me as one of his prostitutes, so I hope he'll do a lot of the talking."
"Yeah, I think he's arrogant enough to do that." Her husband agreed with her, "Just let him talk."
Finishing their drinks, they took their time driving home stopping off to do some mundane but necessary, grocery shopping.
Thursday evening seemed to drag by, neither of them wanting to discuss the subject of Markov or the gang any further. Their decision had been reached for better or worse. They had dinner, sat through some pointless television, both of them immersed in their thoughts until it was time for bed.
Sleep didn't come easily for either of them that night and they lay together cuddled up until ultimately, they both drifted off.
Both Jess and Tom were up by 8 o'clock, wanting to get ready and be at the club early. Even though it seemed like they had hours the time flew by as they ate breakfast, showered and dressed before Jessica packed her bag for the afternoon shift.
The drive to the club was completed pretty much in silence and it wasn't until they had parked that they finally spoke.
"Are you sure about this?" Tom turned to face his wife, "Last chance to call it off."
Jessica took a deep breath. She had said all along she could go through with it but now it was here and she would be confronted with the reality she wondered.
'Could she actually do it?'
'Would her husband still want her after today?'
'What if she enjoyed the sex?'
"I can do it if you're ok with it?" She eventually said quietly, "He's an arsehole and I find him repugnant but...."
"But he could give us the information we want." Tom finished her sentence for her.
"Exactly." She nodded, staring out of the car window she contemplated what was going to happen later.
"Shall we go then?" He kissed her once before slipping out of the driver's seat.
Following their usual routine, they left the car a short distance from the strip club and walked there separately, ensuring they didn't arrive together.
"Early as usual. You're ticking all the boxes mate." Daryl greeted him as he walked in, "I need to talk to the boss later but I don't see any reason not to keep you here on a permanent basis if you're ok with that?"
"Thanks. I appreciate it." Tom grinned, turning as Jessica entered through the curtains.
She greeted both of them with a shy smile and disappeared through to the back of the stage to get herself changed.
"C'mon man, things to do before we open, Friday is a busy day." Daryl slapped him on the shoulder and they went about their pre-opening duties.
In the dressing area Jess sat and stared at the mirror in front of her, automatically applying her make-up. As always it was plastered on thickly; mascara on her long false eyelashes, heavy dark eyeshadow and a vivid lip gloss.
'Could she actually do this?'
'Could she let another man fuck her?'
The face in the mirror before her looked like a slut now she was made up and, taking a calming breath, she started to get changed resigned to what was going to happen.
"You ok Jess?"
She turned to the black girl who had sat down next to her, "Oh yeah, fine. Just thinking is all."
"Markov coming on to you?" The girl, Clarice she thought her name was, continued astutely.
Jessica nodded, "Yeah."
"That pig gives men a bad name." Snorting derisively Clarice rolled her eyes, "He must have had everyone here."
"You mean he and you..." Jess opened her eyes wide and stared at her, "But you and Daryl are married."
"We are and very happily I might add."
"So, does he know that Markov fucked you?"
Clarice nodded, "Oh yeah that arsehole made sure he knew."
"But..."
"It was just sex sweetie." The other girl told her, "You've got to switch off and just let it go. If you cum then it's a bonus. Do you understand me?"
Jessica smiled, "Yeah I think I do."
"And tell that man of yours to keep his cool."
"What... I don't have a boyfriend." Jess protested weakly.
Clarice chuckled, "No girl you don't. You have a husband, just like me and don't try to deny it. The way you two look at each other, makes me go all warm inside."
Jess blushed and, instead of answering, went about getting herself changed, wondering if Clarice knowing their secret might affect the investigation.
She was already sitting at the bar, wearing just a lacey red bra, thong and black hold-up stockings with her stiletto heels and looking incredibly sexy, when Tom got back to the main room. Seeing her there he suddenly felt a tinge of jealousy filling him.
Then, as he was staring at his wife, the clock hit midday and the doors opened.
As Daryl had predicted there was a decent crowd of maybe a couple of dozen guys in for the start of the lunchtime show. There was always a short wait while the audience got a drink and got settled giving Jess a few minutes to look them over.
"And now please welcome to the stage of the Sin City one of your favourite girls! The one, the only, Sapphire!" The DJ's voice boomed through the PA making her jump.
Tom stood at the back, almost invisible in the shadows, and watched as Jessica slid off her stool and stepped up on to the stage in her four-inch stilettos, rocking her slim hips to the sensual bass of the Pussycat Dolls pumping over the stereo system. Her long blonde hair flowed over her shoulders as she swayed towards the men sitting at the edge of the platform.
Moving with the music she quickly lost herself in the moment, letting thoughts of Gregor Markov and what was probably going to happen later vanish.
Her lacey red bra covered her modest. firm breasts but did little to conceal the nipples that pushed out through the fine material, tantalising the audience, as she danced.
Jess turned to give the leering males watching a view of her tight round arse with the red thong nestled between her supple cheeks, barely covering her slit. Looking back over her shoulder she flashed the crowd a naughty smile, her blue eyes sparkling in the bright stage lights.
Moving her body with a graceful ease to the music she strutted across the stage bumping and grinding, teasing the men with her tall, lean, figure as they waited for her to begin stripping.
Closing with those sitting on the stools she smiled down at them as they lined up to give her their cash. Winking at a cute older man in front when he put a tenner on the stage for her.
The first song was coming to a close so she reached up behind her back and unfastened her bra, her hands holding it cupped over her breasts.
Then dropping to her knees in front of him she leant forwards so her chest was no more than a foot from his face before pulling her top away. Her modest B cups weren't what every man there was after, but they were firm and nearly perfectly round.
She pinched her long, dark pink nipples playing with them for several seconds before scooping up the cash and then leaning over and pushing her breasts together to show him some cleavage.
When the first tune ended, she got to her feet, still cupping her tits as she danced, the £10 note in her hand as the next song started; Jentina's 'Bad Ass Strippa'.
Strutting and swaying she slowly moved around the stage again waiting for more tips.
"Don't be shy now, love." Another man at the front said, wiggling a twenty-pound note at her.
Smiling she dropped onto her hands and knees, taking the money between her teeth. She knew what that twenty was for, and she had to deliver. Hesitating for several beats, the second tune still had a way to go, she found herself unsure of what to do.
Quickly deciding she got to her feet in front of him and slowly pulled down her thong a little, giving the audience just a hint of the cleft of her hairless vulva before spinning around and presenting her pert bottom to the crowd. A few of them started shouting encouragement as she hooked her thumbs under the elastic waistband and slid her panties down her long legs. Kicking them away to the back of the stage with her bra she turned back to face her tipper, dropping onto her knees in front of him, her thighs parted as she leant back to let him have a good look at her smooth, pink snatch.
"Take a look at that fucking cunt, Paul!" She heard the big man yell, nudging his mate next to him while she gave him the full treatment.
Her pussy was starting to moisten as she pushed it forwards until it was just inches from his face and, staring directly at him, she licked her lips seductively.
He leant forwards, this was always the moment when someone was most likely to cross the line and make a grab for the girl on stage and Tom prepared himself to intervene. However, it passed uneventfully, apart from the usual shouts and catcalls and in the end, he stepped back, relaxing.
With a trembling hand, the man sitting next to the tipper held up another twenty.
Jess shook her head, and pointed to her mouth, biting her teeth ostentatiously. Understanding he nodded and bit down on the crisp bill holding it in his mouth.
Slowly Jessica moved onto her hands and knees, crawling towards him all but ignoring his loud-mouthed friend now. Her blue eyes locked on to those of her latest tipper and she moved close enough for her spicy perfume to fill his flaring nostrils. Normally she'd bite the other end of the note to take it, but this time she moved in much closer. Her soft red lips brushing his as she took the money into her own mouth.
"Fucking hell."
She could hear him groan over the music as she pulled away after a moment and turned her arse towards him. With her stocking clad thighs apart every intimate detail of her wet pink pussy was no more than a foot away from his eyes.
Her last song came on, C-Mitch's 'Stripper Anthem' and she rolled away, working her firm slender body around the floor, her legs always splayed wide to fully display her sex to the leering yelling audience, collecting a few more small notes before she was finished.
"Give it up for Sapphire!" The announcer called as the last of her three tunes wound down and she stood up.
Totally nude, except for her stilettos and stockings, she bowed to the cheers from the audience then picked up her discarded clothing before slipping back stage to get dressed.
Tom had to wait in the shadows for a moment, his erection so hard he feared it would be obvious if he stepped back into the light.
Jessica re-appeared at the bar a few minutes later, her bra and thong back on her body, to take up her usual place waiting for any private dance requests. Almost immediately Markov approached her and the two of them spoke for a couple of minutes. Jess shaking her head, before he moved away heading back to his office.
"What did he want?" Her husband asked as he casually wandered past her.
"Just making sure I was staying after the afternoon shift."
She rolled her eyes making him chuckle as he moved off, patrolling the bar.
Jessica could see from the way things had started and the number of men in the audience that it was going to be a busy afternoon. And as Tom reached the far side of the club and looked back a punter came up and started talking to her.
"Are you available for a private dance?"
She smiled sweetly, "Of course I am. It's £50 for three songs. That ok?"
"Sure." He held out his hand to her.
Slipping off her stool Jess took his arm, leading him to the VIP room, she had her first lap dance of the afternoon.
Giving her a minute or two before he followed, Tom let his patrol take him through into the lap dance area.
They were the only two in there, Jessica already topless, straddling her customers lap and rubbing her perky little tits in his face as he ran his hands across her naked back. Teasing him she spent a few minutes not quite letting him suckle on her hard teats before pushing herself off his lap and starting to dance seductively in front of him.
Licking his lips her client stared fixedly at her crotch as she eased her thong down over her hips and let it puddle around her feet. Stepping out of it altogether she dropped back onto his lap, his hand moving straight onto her tit, cupping and gently mauling the soft mound.
Jess wriggled around, rubbing her pussy against his bulge while letting him freely grope her breasts, pinching and rolling her engorged nipples.
"Hmmmm that feels so good." She moaned softly tipping her head back and closing her eyes.
They stayed like that until the third and final song finished and she was able to politely extricate herself from his grasp, slipping back into her lingerie before they returned to the main room.
The next couple of hours continued in the same busy vein. Jessica did several routines on stage and got little time to sit at the bar as she also had a number of private dances.
Fortunately, things calmed down after 3 p.m. and along with the rest of the girls Jess got a bit of a breather, sitting at the end of the bar and sipping a diet coke.
"You really have a thing for her, don't you?" Tracy's voice beside him made Tom turn towards her.
"What... no... I err... I mean she's nice." He stumbled over his words.
"Really. I wish a man looked at me like that. I'd have him under lock and key if he did." She laughed softly, putting her hand on his arm before going to speak to Jessica.
He knew they were talking about him as they both turned and watched him, Jess giving him a broad smile before they were interrupted by a customer wanting a lap dance.
As the afternoon session was drawing to a close Markov started to hang around in the main room, making sure he was there for Jessica's last strip on stage. Watching her intently as she performed the evil club boss couldn't take his eyes off her.
It was then that Tom suddenly realised the flaw in his plan, he wouldn't be able to watch them.
Markov was likely to take her up to his office and he would be down in the club.
Wondering what he could do he noticed Daryl go across and speak to the gangster, the two of them talking for a minute or two, before the security chief came across to him.
"Just spoken to the boss and it all looks good so we're going to make you permanent. He just wants you to go up and see him at the end of the shift." Daryl informed him.
Suddenly, buy a sheer stroke of luck, Tom had the opportunity he needed.