RICHARD AND ALICE
CHAPTER 1
Many thanks to JackyRussell, who edited this story.
The car stopped right in front of the apartment building on a quiet sunny street in a working-class town somewhere in North East of France. I've said my goodbyes to the buddies I'd made in Paris that had been kind enough to share their ride with me.
I'm Dan, back then I was nineteen. I had been travelling all through my youth. My parents encouraged it. They said that travelling opens the eyes, develops independence and whatnot. I was away most of my vacations and sometimes even during regular school time. Only most of the time I was not backpacking from hostel to hostel, but rather visiting with relatives and the many acquaintances of my parents and staying with them for weeks at a time. It had all started many years before that sunny day in France, the time I was away from home had only grew with each passing year. When I was eighteen or so it had occurred to me my parents were dumping to me to whomever was willing to take me, that they wanted time on their own.
I wanted to travel more on my own, to decide for myself where to go and what to do, do the hostel thing. But my father insisted.
"You'll like Richard and Alice. They're not like anybody you've met before."
I mumbled my doubts but he kept going.
"They're Americans. Well, I met them in France, where you'll be going. Richard is about 40. He grew up in a boy's home. Never had known any parents, real, step or foster. When he was of age, they've released him from the Institute knowing next to nothing of the wider world and how people relate on the street. He was as wild as they get."
"And Alice?"
"Ah, Alice. She's way younger. About your age, really. Twenty, maybe twenty-two. I don't know her provenance, they never said. Or rather, they tell a different story each time. Once Richard said he picked her on the street. That she was a drifter, a runaway. Possibly whoring out to eat. Alice likes to tell wild stories. Like she had been sold for slave by her parents when she was a child. Or that she's literally flung from space. Lovely girl."
***
I rang the doorbell on apartment 17, third floor. After a while the door swung wide open, to a natural light filled home. And a naked girl. Young woman.
"Come on in! You must be Dan. I'm Alice. We were expecting you!"
"Thanks! Ugh... Hi, Alice!"
"You need help with your luggage? Let me drag that for you inside."
She was tallish -- above average, but not really tall. Fair. Athletic constitution. Dark hair, half length. Large, well-shaped tits. Shaved under. Fat, closed lips. A couple of visible piercings, other than the earrings.
"I was just giving daddy a balls tongue wash. Really thorough, you know what I mean. Come, let me introduce you!"
I blushed. I weirded out. I had never had something like that. The girl had no self-awareness. She smiled broadly, though. She had a wonderful, endearing smile. A great figure and a sensational body.
We walked to the living, where a gentleman in white trousers and an unbuttoned white shirt greeted me. I took it he had heard us and decided to pulled the pants up over the recently tongued balls.
The man extended his hand and bid me welcome. Slim, of average height, about the same height as Alice, actually, brown hair, green eyes.
"Let me show you our apartment here. As you'll see, it's quite spacious. And you have a large room all for yourself, at the back. Best of it, it's quiet. A quiet neighborhood and quiet street. Your room is the quietest of all."
I did not find their home spacious; my folks were well off and we've always lived in large mansions. But I guessed it was okay, and more than enough for just two people.
"We have a good location here." the man continued. "Downtown is only twenty, thirty minutes on foot. There are plenty of shops around, big and small and you can be out of the town and exploring the nearby hills, forests, country side just as easily. Oh, and we do have an extra bike just for you."
I wondered when had my father met these guys. It must have been in the last few years, but I had not been aware my father had left U.S. recently. Mysterious.
***
I've spent the next few days exploring the sedate town. There was absolutely nothing wrong with it, but also nothing exciting. Not even the magic of a new country saved it, as it was not my first time in France.
The most interesting thing was watching my flatmates, fucking all day long. How was it even possible? They were like rabbits.
The guys had a small dick. Rather ridiculously so. How was he able to land such a woman? How was sex with the puny tool?
The girl, Alice, was a A+. Laughing, smiling, naked half of the time and when not naked, she was wearing the most inappropriate outfits. Doing the craziest things.
Once I've found them in the living room. Richard was sitting in an armchair, only in white socks and an unbuttoned white shirt. Having his right hand around the base of his erect penis.
Alice was in front of him, face the other way. Naked. Fisting her own ass.
"Come." Richard said. "Watch this. Have you seen anything like it?"
Another time we all went out to have a late lunch. Alice wore a yellow top and black cotton panties. The ordinary type, cutting buttock diagonally. Nothing slutty about them, except wasn't she supposed to wear something over?
She was wet even before we've even reached the restaurant. Visibly so against the blackness of her underwear. On the way back, the white goo was dripping on her thighs thick. They were laughing, touching, kissing each other. In case you are wondering, the streets were rather deserted, as they were most often in the quiet town.
"No point wearing panties now, Alice." I called. "They're all soggy, they can't feel good."
She looked at me quizzically for a few seconds, before nodding.
"No, you're right."
She took them off. We were two streets away from our place at the time.
A couple of parked cars further up the street she stopped to suck his dick. There was nobody else on the street so they went behind the vehicle. They kept at it for a few minutes, before she stood and turned around so he could pump her from behind.
To be sure, it hadn't been easy putting up with it at first. I had seen nothing like it before. They fucked shamelessly even when I was around. I felt not at ease with it, I had to leave whenever they were getting serious about it.
Some times out, most of the times to my room. Where I was masturbating.
"You don't have to leave." Alice said. "We don't bother at all. There's nothing particularly interesting in your room, or is there?"
The idea was shocking, but so was the speed with which I got used to it. From then on, I jerked off watching them. I could see they enjoyed it, too.