Foreplay: Although this runs on from Changing Room pt1 and 2, I decided to take a look at Diana's life as a spin-off. If you haven't read Changing Room all you need to know is Terry is the IT manager of a clothing website. He creates a Virtual Changing Room (VCR) where customers can electronically try on clothes by using their webcam. However, Terry uses a flaw in the programming and an implanted trojan to spy on customers, including Holly his daughter and Diana her friend (and Diana's mother) Not only that but he's finding new and more powerful ways to use subliminal and sub-audible hypnosis. Diana's story includes anal, which I haven't written about before.
If that doesn't make sense then just imagine your own spy hole in a ladies changing room, then hypnotising them to fuck you.
----
The journey into town on the bus took just 15 minutes.
'What the fuck happened there?' thought Diana, 'It's so fucking hot today and I still feel horny.'Without thinking she opened another button of her blouse, uncovering more of her breasts and allowing anyone else who cared to look a delightful view of her ample cleavage.
–
'What was it about Grandbutts Ladies Wear? That stuff I was looking at was so wow, I could have bought it all. And when I was looking at it all, it was like I was really wearing it.'She just couldn't get it out of her head; even the music had a bass beat that made her so relaxed but also made her pussy feel red hot. A flush on her face and the heat on the bus persuaded her to unfasten yet another button.
'Let anyone dare make a comment,' her thoughts continued. 'Daddy would tell me I'm right to display what God gave me.'
Hell, what was it? All the time she'd been looking at the sexiest clothes in the over 18 section of Terry's website she'd been feeling horny. She couldn't wait to try all of the samples in the Virtual Changing Room and, standing naked with just photos covering her body as seen by the webcam, each moment she spent gazing at her images made her even more horny.
'And Terry, Holly's daddy? I'd intended just a sexy kiss but when I saw his bulge, wow I just had to blow him and his cum tasted like the best honey. Hell, I hadn't an option. He's so nice, not interrupting us, not opening the door to sneak a peek like daddy would.'
Even thinking about it made her wet and Terry still had her panties. She shuffled uncomfortably on the hard bus seat hoping the moisture didn't seep down and mess up her skirt or, she smiled cheekily, coat the bus seat with pheromones. She glanced around then tugged her skirt from under her butt to make sure it didn't obstruct the route of her wetness. The thought that a trickle of her personal perfume might make it to the seat below her made her smile again. Daddy would be proud. The rough fabric of the well-used seat made sure she didn't forget her nakedness.
Diana just had to have Terry inside her.
An elderly guy getting on the bus caught her eye. He was looking straight at her. Nothing unusual - all guys of whatever age seemed hypnotised by cleavage. Her bra, like most bras she wore, just added to what the guy could see.
'Shit. He's gonna sit right by me,' thought Diana.'Almost against her will though she turned towards him, giving him an even better view. Daddy would have liked that; the fact his princess was beautiful meant her beauty should be shared with others, even some random horny pensioner. No, strike that, ESPECIALLY a random horny pensioner. Surely he, with the wisdom of his age, would appreciate admiring her youth and ... perhaps ...?
"You don't mind me sitting here, do you?" His voice was soft and warm and Diana thought he must have been well educated.
"Not at all," she replied, smiling. She shuffled towards the window, giving her extra room to turn more towards the gentleman. She notice his eyes briefly lower to quickly take in the extent of her beauty.
"Thank you. Are you going into town?"
Diana thought for a moment. She didn't know the man and she was a little uneasy about continuing the conversation but, hell, what was it? She was getting turned on. "Yes," she finally answered. "Just a bit of window-shopping."
Diana got that weird but welcome feeling as moisture began to flow again.
"You're a really sweet girl," the man went on, "And don't take me the wrong way. Many girls as beautiful as you, and many others as well, would just ignore an old man like me."
Diana visibly blushed. All she could say was "Thank you." She glanced down as the man moved awkwardly in his seat. Old or not, Diana was certain his penis was still perfectly operational, in fact, yes, his wavery voice gave it away. Perhaps embarrassing to him, he was getting well aroused.
"Oh, sorry," he said. Diana hadn't spoken for a minute or two. "I hope I didn't embarrass you but you are quite beautiful. I lost my wife last year and my only daughter lives so far away." His eyes betrayed him again as they darted quickly downwards, hoping Diana hadn't noticed.
Diana smiled. She imagined a damp patch on the seat below. "It's fine. Most girls like compliments. She touched his leg, very briefly, far too near where his pants now showed a bulge. "Anyhow I need to get off here. Bye."
"Bye, my dear, and thank you for brightening my day."
As the bus slowed, Diana rose, quickly brushing her hand against his bulge. She didn't look back, leaving the bus and walking briskly away towards the shops.
The damp patch would soon dry.
---
The following week passed too slowly. Finally Saturday came and the day to pick up her stuff from Terry. The urge to fuck him had subsided. She just needed the chance to browse more of those lovely sexy outfits, bra/panties sets and bikinis. It was becoming a compulsion, though she didn't know why.
The following morning, Sunday - so no need to rush, Diana woke and yawned, stretched her arms and sensed that her butt hole was a little sore. At least it was a soreness that she could bear and she knew that it would ease as the day went on. It was, in a way, a pleasant soreness. It was a soreness that would remind her, probably for much of the day, of the evening before.
She had returned from Holly's house Saturday afternoon, having stopped off again in town. Daddy would have driven over to collect her but Diana preferred to take the bus even if it meant carrying several bags. Daddy always meant well, but sometimes she liked her independence. He was generous, thoughtful and kind but he could also be controlling.
The day had been warm again, more so than usual given the north Britain average. She'd decided to try on a bikini, one of her purchases from Terry's new Grandbutts website that she'd collected just a short while before. Diana knew that not only would it draw admiring looks on the beach but it would have her daddy's full approval too. Little more than a g-string and two triangles that only just covered her nipples, she knew daddy would insist she wore it whenever it was possible.
Their garden was private, hedged in by tall but well cared for conifers and a fence high enough to guarantee privacy but allow full sun for most of the day. Diana also knew that it wasn't totally peep-proof though. Oh no, if an enthusiastic voyeur such as their neighbour cared to peep through a small gap in the fence he could see her. Sometimes of her own choosing she would be naked, and he, their neighbour, would be spying. It really turned her on.
She had spent the rest of Saturday afternoon on the sun lounger, wearing the minimal bikini.
"Diana, wow," said her daddy, bringing her an ice cold can. "Where did you get that?"
"It's from Grandbutts, they're an online fashion retailer. Terry, Holly's daddy, has just updated it. You can now see the clothes on your own body through your laptop cam."
"Sounds interesting; now don't move just listen. I've just been upstairs and I saw Ricky next door sneaking a peep on you. You won't disappoint him, will you?"
Diana was sure she needed a piss and she made every movement she could to convey that to her voyeur neighbour. She twisted, turned, poked and prodded, rubbed and pulled the tiny piece of fabric covering the entrance to her secret cave. She even let a dribble of piss darken the g-string bikini she'd just bought. Finally she dashed into the house in mock alarm that she couldn't wait any more.
Her daddy had watched Ricky getting off on the show, finally returning to his house to relieve his visible erection.
That was just the start.
"Thanks sweetheart," he told Diana. "You're a born actress. You've made daddy hard and you know what that means don't you?"
Diana just smiled and nodded. They would fuck before the evening was out.
Her daddy already had an excuse. "Let's go and check out this website on your laptop."
After 15 or 20 minutes Diana gave up. There was the old range of bras, panties and other not so exciting lingerie, but no sign of the new exciting stuff. No background music either, no VCR and no feeling of elation, arousal or difficulty dragging themselves away, as if the screen had a hold on them.
"Sorry, daddy. I can't get this to work. I'll have to ring Holly tomorrow."
"OK sweetheart," he replied. I guess I'll have to check out what you've bought."
Roll on another hour or so. Daddy stayed watching while she stripped naked before trying on each item she'd bought.
"Another good choice. You do realise what this is doing to me?"
Diana nodded. She knew only too well.
"Put everything away," he said. Diana obliged, leaving her naked again. "Come here." He had been sitting on edge of her bed but now he stood, cupping both breasts in his hands, feeling their weight, warmth and smoothness.
"You're beautiful," he continued, stroking her nipples with his thumbs. He took each nipple in his thumb and first finger, pulled them towards him and squeezed lightly. Letting them go he saw they had enlarged from his touch, swelling, filling with blood. He took each in his mouth, drew them outwards, let them go. They were now swollen hard and, he knew, very sensitive.
"Daddy, careful," said Diana, well aware that her vaginal juices had started to flow. Daddy listened for once and switched his attention to her regularly shaven smooth mound, fingering her in such a way that she soon forgot her sore nipples.
"Bend over."
He unscrewed the cap of a tube taken from her bedside table, put on a glove and lubed up his finger as he'd done many times before. It always had been his finger first, almost always in a vinyl glove; perhaps it was to be certain Diana was ready for what was to follow. There had been the training, the understanding how Diana felt. After the toys, butt plugs, fingers and anything else (such as the neck of a beer bottle) that was easily to hand, Diana's butt hole was well accustomed to rigid objects. Daddy was rigid too as he thrust his sheathed weapon inside her.
The feeling was good, especially when daddy gently rubbed her clit.
That day was different. Diana had peed her g-string bikini, her brand new bikini. It had been bought by daddy's well earned money. He needed pleasure, she needed pleasure but a lesson had to be learned.
He began as normal, slowly drawing in and out, savouring the pleasure that her tight tube was giving him. Then suddenly he forced his hard, sheathed, lubed cock inside her with great force, taking out all his stress, his diluted anger, his frustrations, all in long hard strokes. This continued, the sheath and lube absorbing some of the friction. Again and again he thrust hard, Diana clenching her teeth until the hard, speedy rhythms brought a climax she'd never experienced before. Daddy came with a grunt, filling the condom. The session was over. Diana was sore but happy.
---
On top of her luxurious mattress Diana stretched again. Given the warmth of the night, Diana had slept naked, the bed covers thrown aside in an attempt to keep her cool and she wondered if daddy had been in the room while she slept. She traced her hands lazily over parts of her she knew would give the sweetest response. Her bladder ached too and, like she had done for many years, she rubbed the area required to keep the urgent feeling at bay.
One of the first decisions of her day was choosing which of her favourite shower gels to use from the row of designer labels, then similarly the correct shampoo to match her mood. When it came to body care, beautifying lotions and make-up nothing was too expensive for daddy's budget. Whatever Diana wanted, she got, and this included her own en-suite bathroom.
She let the cold water run through the shower head, then warm, then hot before stepping in. The shower cabinet was also, of course, top of the range: the water could fall as soft as rain or invigorating, jets to soothe or massage, gold plated, no expense spared. That's how it was and that's how it had always been; Diana, only child, spoiled rotten. She picked up the large round sponge, tilted the body wash and soaped her perfect globes, her best assets which daddy cherished the most. Spreading the foam, eyes closed, letting the perfumed lather caress her breasts, her flat tummy, her back, her mildly throbbing butt and her long, long legs. Next she checked out any stubble on her mound. Daddy had a silk handkerchief which he occasionally brushed against her mound. If there was even a trace of a tug from stubble, even just one hair there or in her groove, daddy would punish by spanking her bare butt, either by hand or with a paddle.
The razor, her own personal powered razor, buzzed quietly as she steered the multi blades across her mound. Parting the two sides of her groove she tentatively and carefully allowed the blades to clear away any stubble that had grown over the past 24 hours. It was a daily task, but never a chore as the rapidly vibrating blades did their work. Underneath, inside the lips, she dare not miss even the tiniest hair should it snag daddy's silk. Satisfied she had done her best, she pushed the release button and removed the blades. This just left a small stub from the razor body which now vibrated on its own. The tiny, but important plastic was now guided around her clit. She teased herself for several minutes, moving the buzzing razor body away from then over, across, round and round her pleasure button, stopping short of making herself cum. Still she was bursting to pee, still she held off.
Body cleaned, hair shampooed, Diana unhooked the shower head, twisted the control to jet, leaned back, parted her long, long legs and directed the powerful stream of warm water fully against her clit. She knew she should have taken a piss first, her bladder aching to be relieved. She also knew the tension there - the urgency to piss - would make her attentions feel extra specially nice.
Diana was ever eager to cum. The last time had been the night before, daddy's insubstantial rod buried as deep as he was able into her nether region, her back hole. He had the length, well, perhaps only average length, for Diana had wanked better endowed boys in return for a cigarette or, occasionally, a shared joint. The shower head water pressure made it so easy, so delightful. The urgency to let her piss flow in a yellow stream combined to guarantee a special cum. The pleasure ripples took away, just for a few moments, the nagging soreness in her butt. Unable to hold it any more she let the yellow stream force its way out on to the shower tray beneath her, letting the shower water wash the yellow clean away. The pressure relieved, she shivered again.
---
"Good morning daddy, mummy," she greeted them as usual, every Sunday, the only morning they were all home together.
"Good morning," replied her mother, her father lost in the sports pages of the Sunday newspaper. He just grunted. Best not disturb.
Diana grabbed two thick slices of bread and poured herself a black coffee. Always a light breakfast every Sunday morning, always a carvery lunch at The Inebriated Parson pub, just two minutes walk from the parish church. She could always get daddy involved in conversation after two pints of Merry Bishop ale, a strong beer brewed locally. Always, that is, after he'd spent some time talking to the barmaid while gazing down her ample cleavage.
The conversation followed much the same as it did every Sunday, usually about the top-end motors he sold, with great success, bringing him huge commissions and bonuses. The dealership was renowned for tailor-made fast or luxurious cars and he had been top salesman for many months, able to sell ice to an Eskimo and sand to an Arab. Away from work Simon's conversational skills were limited but that had never stopped him engaging in extramarital sex.
Carolyne, mummy to Diana, had learned to live with his infidelity, but recently they had come to an agreement. Diana, their only child, had always adored her daddy, but after reaching her 11th birthday she became an ugly duckling. Hormones raged, Diana sulked and argued, her complexion suffered with the junk food she ate, her carefully brushed hair somehow became always knotted and greasy, she wore a brace on her teeth, she was targeted by bullies and then, 5 years later, almost overnight she morphed into a beautiful swan.
By sixteen Carolyne noticed Simon was giving his adoring daughter more looks, more smiles and more attention. By seventeen he was lavishing money on her and after her eighteenth birthday Carolyne became aware that he was no longer looking outside the house for female attention. Within a matter of weeks, Diana was walking around the house half naked and sunbathing on the terrace sometimes full naked. Simon was greeting Diana with meaningful kisses and he was spending time with her alone in her room.
Back home, Diana picked up her phone from her bedside table. There was a message from Holly -'Ring me.'The phone had logged three missed calls. Usually Diana rarely left the house without it.
"Hi Holly, how's things?"
"Just wanted to know how you got on yesterday."
"Oh great but daddy hasn't had chance to see it all yet. He wanted to look on the website to see what else was there."
"So?"
"Couldn't find any of the new stuff there. "
"You need to have an account and an active credit card."
"Could Terry fix it for me?"
"I don't know. I'll ask him. Can't your daddy open an account for you, just to look?"
Diana laughed, "And let them have his platinum charge card details? No way!"
"OK. I'll see what I can do."
Diana omitted to say that her daddy had asked her to model what she'd bought, watching even as she changed underwear and finally making her put them all away, leaving her naked. He had worked hard all week and wanted to relax, chill out, spend some quality time with his daughter. Quality time usually included her ass being fucked. At first, Diana had thought this a no-no, but with patience, plenty of lube and a finger or two hitting just the right spot, Diana became more relaxed and began to enjoy new sensations. This progressed little by little until daddy invaded her butt hole with his long but thin sperm cannon.
For daddy this was bliss. Just one woman had allowed him to do that, a woman he'd met in a bar in a town far from home. It had cost him £60, but at last his thin member had been gripped tightly. Carolyne had told him firmly, after he'd broached the subject, that if he tried to fuck her up the butt it would be the end of their marriage.
Diana was just 16 when the idea came to him that someday he might try her. It was well after her 18th that he'd plied her with booze before gently persuading her to give it a try. Eventually he won her over. He'd regularly fucked her up the butt ever since, giving both of them untold pleasures.
'If only I could fuck that gorgeous friend of hers,' he'd thought several times since. 'Her sweet little cunt might still be tight enough for me.'
---
Holly rang back quite a while later.
"Daddy says if you bring your laptop over he can fix the credit check. It will only work on your laptop though, and the dummy credit card will only work on the Grandbutts website."
As soon as Simon was told he insisted he take his daughter over to Holly's, waiting in his Jag outside until Terry had done the fix. Diana never saw Terry slip the USB stick into the port, loading the trojan-based app and the subliminals routine. Terry patiently showed Diana how to access the over 18 stuff and the VCR. Diana and her father just couldn't wait to return home.
Between Diana first phoning Holly and her arriving in daddy's Jag, Terry had time to tweak the subliminals. If Diana was so certain she was going to fuck him - well a little hypnotic suggestion wouldn't harm the process. Her tits were divine, the contours of her smooth tight cunt lips were inviting and her long, long legs and tight butt were fantastic. Simon, her daddy, didn't seem to need encouragement but Terry needed to know whether he wanted to also fuck Holly. That seemed only a fair swap and it would be exciting to watch them.
First things first though. How about a threesome? Terry, Holly and Diana would make all his hard work worthwhile.
Terry had been busy reading up on hypnosis. He had things to try and he knew both Holly and Rachel, her mum, had responded well to things he'd tried so far. The subliminals should help but he needed to test her reaction. It was Sunday so he figured she'd want to view the new stuff as soon as she got home.
Diana switched her laptop on straight away. Daddy was stood behind her as she logged in to the dummy account Terry had given her. It accepted the password first time, her account showed the last 4 digits of the fake credit card. Another few seconds and the hidden part of the website came on to the screen.
"Wow," said daddy as the models appeared wearing, well, it was more about what they were not wearing. Grandbutts had added even more, plus, unbelievably, a small selection of toys. There was no shortage of female staff volunteering to test the toys and only the best made it on to the website.
"Do you want to see how they'd look on me?" Diana asked.
Daddy smiled, "Of course."
"Wait." Diana opened up the VCR, the webcam kicking in showing her upper body, daddy standing behind her. Then she stood, dragged the bra upwards and across and resized it. Swiftly she pulled her tee-shirt over her head and discarded her own bra. A couple of minor adjustments and the virtual bra fitted perfect.
Her daddy gasped. "Very clever. It's amazing!"
The background noise may have been just any high street shop's muzak but maybe there was an enchanting base beat to it. All the while a voice in her head was telling her to relax, to chill.
'Relax deeply, Diana,'the voice said over and over again, but she never heard it.
Daddy never saw the glazed look in Diana's eyes, then the unheard voice stopped. Diana blinked her eyes, yawned and decided she'd best get to bed earlier than she'd done the night before.
Simon had noticed his daughter yawning.
"Sorry, sweetheart. I kept you up late last night didn't I?"
"It's fine. I'll catch up tonight."
"You OK to carry on?"
"Sure."
Time seemed to scoot by as a naked Diana modelled the virtual sexy lingerie that Grandbutts had to offer. It was as if the VCR was speaking to them, inviting them to stay a while and not leave. It was as if they couldn't switch off the laptop.
Carolyne tapped on the door of Diana's room before opening it to find Diana, naked, looking at her laptop screen with daddy stood behind.
"Do you two know what time it is?" she asked. "And whatever have you been looking at?" Carolyne didn't seem fazed at all that her daughter was naked.
It was as if neither noticed she was there.
"Hello? You two? What are you so interested in?"
The spell was broken. "Sorry mummy, didn't hear you."
"It's 11.30. How long will you be? And what are you doing?"
"Diana saw no reason not to tell the truth."
"It's a new website, mummy. Holly's daddy designed it. Come and look."
Carolyne was fascinated. It seemed a lot simpler idea than traipsing from store to store in town. By the time Diana had explained why she was naked, that everyday clothes spoiled the Virtual illusion, Carolyne was hooked. She had Diana explain and asked if she minded if she tried it out the following day. By the time Diana had shown how to make it work it was well gone midnight.
Alone at last in bed, Diana switched off the bedside light. The night was warm but Diana was hot. Already naked, she pushed the bed covers off her, in an attempt to cool down. She suddenly realised how horny she was; hell those sets of underwear, the ultra sexy bikinis, the nighties that left little to the imagination and the robes that might give a little extra warmth but gave no visual protection ... WOW.
She began, as she always did, by lightly stroking her tummy, tickling her sides with light strokes of her fingers. Mmmm, that felt good. There was no need to rush and she took her time making the lightest of circles with her fingertips. She brushed her breasts with the same light touches, feeling her nipples harden and fill. She wet a fingertip from the slippery moisture between her sex lips, noticing how wet she was there, and used the scented slickness to further tease her nipples.
Reaching over to the small cabinet beside her bed, Diana took out the silk handkerchief that daddy kept there for convenience when he checked her shaving skills. Scrunching the silk into a loose ball she circled her tummy, her sides, her breasts, her legs and thighs before checking for any hint of drag over her pubic mound. Diana kept this up for what seemed like an eternity, the sexual tension building within her. The virtual shop music came into her head and she sensed she was relaxing, enjoying her self arousal more and more.
What was it with the music? She'd heard the tune before - a light classical, soothing music that just made her want torelax deeply.It was almost as if she was daydreaming, her fingers automatically moving the silk while she justrelaxedand enjoyed it.
A noise, a dog barking outside, brought her back. She felt more moisture, wetness, almost a stream of lubrication oozing from within her secret place. Hell, was there ever a time she'd felt more aroused? More sopping wet? Fuck, she was so horny, but why? Daddy had been looking at the screen images, not touching her much. Was it the screen? Was the screen making her horny and wet? NO! Stupid girl, that was a silly idea. It was the sexy lingerie. Yes, that was it. Hell, at times she could even feel the silkiness as if had really had been on her body. But how? How could it possibly be? It was nonsense and she concentrated again on what her skilled fingers were doing.
Diana felt so relaxed there in her bed. She let her fingers stroke the insides of her thighs, working their way slowly up to her sex. When she could no longer wait, she dipped two fingers inside her cave, using the copious juice to tease her clit. In and out went her fingers, thrusting hard into her cunt cavern then retreating up and over, round and round her love button. Despite her attempts to take it slowly she was overwhelmed by the sudden orgasm ripping through her. The noise from her moans of pleasure could have been heard two blocks away. The ripples just kept on coming and coming and coming.
Diana slept soundly. At first it was a deep, dreamless sleep, but as the warm night moved on she began to dream. She was naked, facing her laptop screen. There was a man stood behind her. Her daddy? No, the initially blurred face came into focus. He was talking, no, mumbling some words. She could see the man was Terry, Holly's daddy. They were in Holly's room but Holly wasn't there. Diana seemed unable to move, rooted to the floor, watching the screen. Terry reached out from behind her and cupped her breasts in his hand, lifting them as if he was checking their weight. His hands moved around her breasts and over her nipples. Fuck, they were hard, enlarged, standing out proudly and feeling very ... oh my god Diana had never witnessed them so sexily charged.
Terry took her hand, motioned to her to lie on Holly's bed. Deep within her dream she found she could move but in a sleepy way. She lay on the bed, Terry parting her legs wider than she'd ever known. But instead of trying to mount her, to fuck her missionary style, Diana felt her labia being parted by Terry's finger and thumb. Then his mouth was on her cunt lips, kissing from the very top of her pubis, where the valley began to form, to below her cavern, raising her up to kiss almost where her butt hole was. She sensed him smelling her cunt, then starting to lick. He was talking, praising her, almost worshipping her cunt in words that were still mumbled so much that she strained to understand.
Then, oh then he flicked his tongue against her clit, once, twice, twenty times. He sucked her clit, gently pulling it outwards, then returned to lick her love button. Terry was torturing her in the most pleasurable way but she could not cum. The dream seemed to go on and on until her senses could stand no more.
He pulled away for a second and she made out the word "Cum". A second later he was licking her most intimate part again, licking so fast she could hardly ... Her senses gave in. A huge spasm of extreme pleasure ripped through her.
Diana awoke relaxed but confused, tingling from head to toe from her dreamgasm. Hell, she'd cum twice yet she was still horny. Now she couldn't get Holly's daddy, Terry, out of her mind. She just had to phone him.
She was hot, in a sweat from her very vivid dream. The sheet she lay on was damp but it wasn't pee. Her bladder muscles, though often abused by her refusal to go wee until the last possible moment, worked perfectly well. There had been only one time since her childhood that she'd peed the bed and that was in Benidorm, on holiday after getting totally blathered through drinking far too much cheap lager, wine and cocktails. It seemed that she'd either shot or dribbled when she came.
Eventually Diana got back to sleep. Her alarm woke her at 8.30pm, half an hour after daddy left. There was no sore butt today but she had vivid memories of the dream and of her no-touch orgasm. She showered, shaved and had breakfast in good time to catch the bus to where she worked, in a city centre restaurant.
Carolyne grabbed herself some toast and coffee before sitting down to figure out how the new website worked. After the best part of an hour she gave up. The restaurant didn't allow staff phone calls outside of break times, but Diana had scribbled Terry's mobile number on a scrap of paper on her desk. Tentatively Carolyne dialled the number, ready to apologise if Terry was busy.
Terry fished the phone from out of his jacket pocket. Diana's home number came up on the phone's screen, "Hi, Diana."
"Oh hi, Terry. It's Diana's mother. Look, I'm really sorry to bother you at work."
"It's fine," Terry replied. "I'm just on my coffee break. How can I help you?"
"Well I was looking at your website with Diana last night, but I can't remember how to get started."
"Look, don't take this the wrong way but was Diana looking at, let's say, our more interesting lines?"
Carolyne laughed. "Yes, and I was wanting to sneak a look while Diana and Simon were out."
Terry slotted the webcam fix into his PC. Soon he would be able to see Carolyne. He went through the process of getting Carolyne logged in. "Can you see the changing room door?"
"Yes, I can."
"Just click anywhere on the door. It will open, then a new screen should show."
"Oh, yes."
"OK, you should now have an extra item on the clothing menu. It's called 'New Range' which is our 18+ section. You can search on there, or search anything else we sell. Just click on the skirt, or top, or whatever and drag it to the changing room where you can try it on."
A few moments silence. "Ah, OK I got that, thanks."
"Would you like me to wait on the line in case you have a problem?"
Carolyne laughed again. Terry sounded so sexy.
"Yes please."
"If you wish, I can connect to you via a headset if you have one with a mike. That will save you the cost of the phone call. Or I can ring you back."
Carolyne had a quick look around. Sure there was a headset - a pretty damn good one. "I've found one. It will be easier than holding the phone."
Terry looked around. There was no-one except him and that was quite normal. Break times were strictly adhered to by the staff - that is, the start time was never missed. How long the break went on was anybody's guess, Monday was worst as they had 3 days of gossip to discuss so he still had maybe 10 minutes alone. He put on his headset.
"Hi Carolyne,can you hear me OK?"
"Yes. In fact it's better than the phone."
"Yes,it's nice to relax, not having to worry about anything, like the phone."
"Sure is."
"And it'seven more relaxing just to gaze at the screen and relax.'
"Yes, I've noticed that."
"OK. I leave you a few moments ofrelaxationlooking at our products. I'm sure you'll soon gettotally absorbed and deeply relaxedviewing them."
Terry could see Carolyne checking through a few items, occasionally yawning. She dragged a bra across, on to her image. Of course, Carolyne could onlyhearTerry, not see him so it didn't matter if she partly undressed to see how the bra looked.
'Nice tits,' thought Terry, wondering how well the subliminals would work.
Carolyne was surprised just how arousing seeing her own breasts was. The bra was nice, lacy, alluring. Then all of a sudden she seemed to be staring at the screen.
"Relax a little more, relax deeply, sleepy, listen to me.'It was a voice in Carolyne's head but she couldn't understand where it was coming from. She leaned back against the plush, soft padded leather of her chair, closed her eyes and just listened to the soft monotonous tone of Terry's sexy voice. Sexy? Oh yes, sexy, and she must listen, must obey, must now stand up, must now unzip and let her skirt drop, must take off her panties because she didn't want them to show through the beautiful panties on the screen and she must not say anything to Simon or Diana and she must get closer to the screen so ...
Terry smiled. The help he'd gained from those nerdy Web chats was invaluable. Gee, some guys were so eager to show him how women could be hypnotised. Carolyne was so susceptible, so easy. Given time he would fuck her and her daughter but now he must bring her out of trance. What else did he need to say? Oh yes, a trigger word. Next time she would be even easier.
His cum cannon was rock hard, swollen to capacity.
Sat naked on the leather chair, Carolyne wondered what had happened. She giggled like a teenage girl she once was. Silly of her, she'd been looking at panties, those heavenly sexy panties there on the screen, and she'd nodded off. Anyway, now she felt refreshed and full of life, the catnap had done her good.
"Carolyne?" asked a voice in her headphones, "Are you still there."
It suddenly dawned on her who the voice was. "Terry, oh I'm so sorry. I'd forgotten you were trying to help me. I really must apologise."
"It's OK. Anyway I have to go now. Enjoyplaying with yourselfon our website andyou will be here at 1pm."
"OK and thanks again."
Carolyne considered what he'd just said. She must have misheard, Terry must have been joking ... enjoy playing about, trying on different things. And 1pm? Of course, he'd already told her his lunchtime was free to help her, hadn't he? Or had he? It didn't matter, his voice was so sexy, she couldn't wait.
The next bra and pantie set she tried on was damn near see through, in fact could she see ...?
'I CAN see,' thought Carolyne.In fact she'd spoken her thoughts aloud. Still, it didn't matter, no-one was around. She could see her 'valley' underneath. Simon called it her valley because it was leading to a place of discovery, but his voyage of discovery had long since ended. He still insisted on her keeping the valley clean, smooth, ready to admire. Since she had come of age, he'd also insisted Diana had kept herself smooth. 'No point in having a beautiful view spoiled by overgrown grass,' he had said on numerous occasions. There had been a time when she'd been happy for him to mow the grass, but now she had to clear the regrowth herself.
Carolyne was suddenly aware of moisture there. It had been a long time but yes, there was ... she felt: she was WET! She located the wetness with two fingers, smiling at the fact that on the screen she was wetting the company's panties with her own scent, her pheromones, her pussy juice. She giggled like an excited teenager who had at some much earlier point discovered that by touching 'there' you got instantly rewarded by the most fantastic feelings.
Fuck the washing up, fuck the laundry, fuck all the other household chores; this felt GOOD!
The webcam of Diana's top-of-the-range all bells and whistles laptop was exceptionally good. Terry sat at his desk watching his hypno trickery working perfectly.'Enjoy playing with yourself'he had told Carolyne. Now at the peak of his arousal he left his desk, made his way to the door marked with a stickman male figure, entered a cubicle, locked the door and relieved his frustration.
---
At 1.01pm the phone on his desk rang.
"Hi Terry speaking, how may I help?"
"Oh hi Terry, it's Carolyne. I just wanted to thank you for your help earlier. You've got some really exciting sets on your website."
Terry, having unloaded half a teacupful of semen from his very hard but slim penis into the WC bowl, was happy in a way that this useful, but temporarily redundant, woman didn't need any extra tuition. There would be another task for her later. Her gorgeous daughter would be the next to service him, he was sure.
"That's OK. Glad to be of service," he replied. A service, he thought, she had provided, not him.
---
"Hi mummy," said Diana, day shift finished at the restaurant. "Holly rang me. I'm going over there for the evening." Monday was a quiet day and the restaurant just ran on minimal staff for the evening. The only reason Diana worked Mondays was because of the special reduced price lunches from 11am to 2pm. After that there was just the cleaning and packing away to do. Although all the tables were reset ready for the evening there might be maybe 20 dining, if that. Christmas of course was different and Diana often worked Monday evenings in November and December.
Simon rarely got home before 6.30 and Diana was away by then. By the time she got to Holly's it was approaching 7.00, mainly due to the bus running late after the rush hour. Diana's excitement at the thought of logging on to the website ... the ONLY website of any importance in her mind was so great that she just couldn't wait to get started. To be honest, neither could Holly.
It was now an easy task to get logged in and the VCR opened. Holly, sat at her desk with Diana behind her, clicked on the bras, the panties, nightwear and beachwear. There were three peep-hole bras they just had to try and matching open crotch panties.
Terry was in his office aka the spare room, laptop on, surveillance mode set. In this way he could hear and see what the girls were doing.
"Go on then Holly, try it on."
"But it hadn't got a middle," Holly replied, pouting her lip. "It wouldn't be any good to wear."
"Holly, you're SO lame. That's the whole idea. It makes the most of your boobs and your nipples poke out to make it appear you're not wearing a bra. Go on, try it."
Reluctantly Holly removed her blouse and bra, and dragged the peep-hole into the VCR. The photo department had waved their magic so that Holly's nipples showed through.
"Hmmm, that looks OK but your nips are kinda flat," remarked Diana. "Here."
Although Terry couldn't see what was on the screen, he could see Diana reach from behind Holly to run her palms over Holly's nipples.
"Hey," said Holly, pulling away.
"Oh shush little baby, you know you like it."
Holly didn't reply. The bass beat of the music carried messages of sexual excitement that Holly couldn't possibly recognise, but her subconscious could. It also translated hidden, spoken words of relaxation. Once the two hidden persuaders coaxed her brain into complying, well, Holly had no defence.
Terry knew from his daughter's body language that the messages were working. All Holly knew was that for every second that elapsed, Diana's touch was becoming more and more arousing.
"Mmmm," was the only noise that now escaped Holly's lips. Her second lips made no noise at all, as the moisture gently gathered there. She didn't think; she didn't need to. Her thought factory was making the rules, breaking the rules and, eventually, tearing up the rule book.
"See, I told you," advised Diana, who had her own set of rules. Was it wrong to make shivers of delight ripple through her best friend's body? Did it matter? Of course not. Any pleasure which her nimble fingers could impart became a duty, a bounden duty. She OWED it to her friend and she would share freely any pleasure which she could give. Terry's hidden messages were offering up secret messages to Diana's own brain. She had little choice but to obey.
By now, Terry's sperm rocket was standing proudly to attention outside of his pants zipper. It was ever alert to such entertainment but needed its bulbous tip given a little polish to demonstrate its own special pleasure.Terry's thumb and two fingers were eagerly supplying the tender manipulations it needed, aided by the lubrication it freely supplied.
Holly now sat without any complaint whatsoever. Diana was now supplying a shoulder rub, an expertly executed massage which her daddy had taught her. Her fingers and thumbs instinctively massaged Holly's neck and shoulders as Holly succumbed to more and more relaxing commands newly supplied by her daddy, through a headset microphone at just below the volume needed to consciously hear it.
"This feels so good," thought Holly.Her shoulders and arms often ached from carrying laden plates to the hungry diners in the restaurant. The shoulder rub eased any discomfort and was relaxing, adding to the unheard commands streaming from the laptop speakers.
Diana, too, was showing signs of the subliminal commands being fired at her own brain. Little by little the two girls would become deeply hypnotised into becoming submissive and dominant. Once satisfied that the two girls were now completely under his command, Terry left his office to join them. He sat down on the comfortable chair in Holly's room. Neither girl knew he was there.
Terry smiled. Months of patient research, chats with helpful guys in forums, practice with his own wife and viewing results, remotely, with unsuspecting customers and Terry had all he needed to reach his primary goal.
"Terry, I'm going out to see Fiona," Rachel called up the stairway. That was another post-hypnotic response. Fiona could talk all night, and often did. If Terry ever bothered to compile a fuck list, Fiona would come about 10th. Without the incessant yacking she would easily be 3rd.
"OK, see you later," he replied. Hopefully a lot later.
The two girls needed only minimal instructions to undress and pleasure each other. Diana, as nominated dominant, took the main role. With a very willing Holly laid on her bed, Diana began to torment her senses.
To be honest Terry didn't think my intervention was needed; Diana had her own ideas. It started, as it often does, with a kiss. The kisses went further: on Holly's forehead, nose, chin, neck, nipples and breasts. Holly was remarkably quiet, with just the occasional 'Yes'. Unexpectedly Diana didn't continue the kisses, but she turned Holly around on to her tummy. Diana's fingers nimbly kneaded then stroked, combining her massage skills with the lightest of touches.
Just before Terry expected Holly to be turned over again, Diana gently eased open Holly's butt cheeks, exposing the puckered hole. Instead of penetrating her, Diana merely tickled around the opening as if gauging Holly's response, lightly scratching that most sensitive area before moving on.
Bit by bit Holly was being brought to a climax. With Diana partly blocking his view Terry moved from his chair, only to clumsily knock a large book off a shelf. The sudden noise rapidly broke the trance of both girls and, looking towards the source of the noise, they soon spotted Terry.
"What the fuck ...?" asked Diana.
"S-s-s-sorry girls," he stammered, "You were very quiet and I wondered if you'd dropped off to sleep or something."
"Whatever." continued Diana, "So you thought you could have a fucking good perv at us."
"I'm sorry, really," Terry grabbed at a lame excuse. "I guess I got a bit curious ... curious about two girls just enjoying themselves, like any man would."
"Liar. You just fucking want to watch," snapped Diana.
"Do you enjoy wearing the clothes I got you at barely wholesale price?" Terry snapped back. "Wouldn't the hundred quid I saved you buy a ringside seat?"
Holly just lay there, mouth open, awed by the sudden anger. Diana just looked at the size of my fucking machine.
"OK, OK, you can watch. On condition though that you don't waste that useful equipment by jacking off."
"Hey you two, quit arguing. Are you gonna make me cum, Diana, or not? I'm still as horny as hell."
It didn't take Diana long to decide; the spring of sexual tension inside her was not going to break or unwind on its own. The subliminals had provided the winding key, though Diana needed very little winding. Whether for Terry's benefit or not Holly was now laid on her back, legs clamped loosely around Diana's neck. If sexual energy were steam, it would be hissing out of Holly's ears like a boiling kettle.
"Oh yes, Diana, just there." As if Diana needed any guiding! Her tongue was ferociously lapping at Holly's clit when, awkwardly or cautiously ... Terry didn't know which ... Diana's finger returned to just breach Holly's butt hole, just a tiny little prod and it was inside.
If Holly objected then it wasn't apparent. What did happen was that within seconds of the combined lick and prod, Holly sailed over the point of no return. This seemed to just encourage Diana, for her finger prodded a little harder. Her tongue never relented either,
"Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohmygod, were the sole words that escaped Holly's lips as she had probably her biggest, most intense orgasm ever. All her muscles seemed to clench as the waves passed through her, never subsiding for, it seemed, a whole minute before her body finally relaxed.
"OK, Mr smart-fucking-snooper." said Diana, as if still angry at Terry's intrusion. "I'm as horny as hell so make yourself useful. Either you make me cum at least 3 times or I tell Rachel."
Terry was in shock as 12 months of guilt suddenly bombarded his mind. Hell, it could all come out; his dubious programming skills, his snooping, his career, his marriage. Fuck, fuck, fuck. That is, until Diana's voice softened a bit.
"First off, snooper guy, you can lick me out, and I mean SLOWLY. Second, you can fuck me with that oversized cannon in your pants and thirdly, hmmm, let me think, thirdly I'll tell you later."
"OK, I'll do it, but not in front of Holly."
"Why not? Hey, Holly, did you ever watch a porn movie."
Holly hesitated, "A couple of times with my boyfriend."
"And you fucked afterwards?"
Holly blushed, then nodded.
"So here's your live porn movie. I'm sure daddy will fuck you afterwards, or, if he hasn't got any strength left after I've finished with him I'm sure you can find a vibrator." Holly blushed again; her rampant rabbit was kept well hidden.
Terry was sure that if Diana gripped her legs around his neck any harder he would pass out. It didn't happen.
"There, there, oh yes, just there."
Terry had just grown accustomed to the perfect smoothness of Diana's pubis. Even with his tongue sliding down her lips, the tip of his tongue invading the valley - a valley so perfect she could have been a top model - and sliding slowly down to that central spot of her sexuality. Terry had only to touch the swollen nub briefly with his tongue and Diana writhed with delight, causing a few moments pain as she involuntarily squeezed his neck between her thighs.
"For fuck's sake Diana, ease off. I can't breathe."
The scent, the womanly scent, the heavenly musky, slightly pissy, deeply aromatic scent of pure pussy filled his head. His brain sent pulse after pulse of messages. He was hard, very hard, and Holly seemed spellbound by the hardness and thickness of it. He shifted his position to make himself more comfortable and he could hear Holly sigh. Unseen by daddy her fingers intended making herself cum just one more time.
It took very little time at all before Diana shouted a full torrent of expletives. Terry had to force her thighs apart with his hands as she reached the peak of a very noisy orgasm.
"OK, snooper man," she breathlessly admitted, "You passed part one ... now there's part two." Within moments her powerful legs were locked around him in perfect position for him to fuck her deeply. Relaxing her grip she allowed him to slowly rock inside her, his fullness something she'd never experienced before.
Diana was so used to daddy ass-fucking her that her vaginal muscles were relatively tight. Between her tightness and Terry's fullness both were experiencing the fuck of a lifetime. Diana's pleasure climaxed just as the pulses of cum were being fired inside her.
There was a long squeal of pleasure from Holly. Terry had momentarily forgotten her.
"Holly," said her breathless friend. "Your daddy's equipment seems to have deflated. Fix it, I need him hard again."
'Bossy cow,' thought Terry. 'But Holly's soon taken notice.'
For just a few minutes Holly, not wanting to be left out of the action, coaxed her daddy back to battle standards with some neat, if slightly inexperienced, oral gymnastics. She didn't seem to mind that her daddy's cum gun was already coated with her friend's juices. This girl would soon be a fellatelist of the highest standard (in Britain it's known as a BAFTA - British Award for Fellatio and Tongue Arts).
Terry just wasn't ready for Diana's third request. You maybe guessed it, Terry didn't. Diana had one hole left, and with her own daddy's help she was well trained to use it.
It took Terry a minute or two to find a half-empty tube of KY and a well hidden 'in case of emergency' condom - always in his pocket for the annual office Christmas party. Without those Terry would have not accepted the request. By this time his cock had deflated again and Holly felt honoured to re-prepare her daddy for the task ahead.
It was the tightness of the rear entry that surprised both Diana and Terry.
"Gently," said Diana, not used to a family-sized solid sausage trying to force its way in. "Use more lube and don't push so hard."
With Diana's experience and a softly, gently approach, Terry was fully inside her.
"My clit," she breathed, "Heavens, don't you know anything?"
Terry was being gripped as he'd never been gripped before. Given a choice he wouldn't have gone there at all, but the choice was with Diana. Slowly he got the hang of it and after a slow start, for a first attempt, he was really enjoying it. Diana too - at times it almost felt as if she was going to rip inside but her clit was on fire. A few minutes more and her third climax was well worth the initial pain. Terry shot what was left of his cum reserve into the out-of-date condom and he made a mental note to pick up a three pack well before Christmas. If Diana had the choice he would need the three pack well before.
So Diana was finally satisfied but Holly, poor thing, had only her fingers up to now to please herself. She had no intention though of letting her daddy 'up there' and Terry simply couldn't manage it anyway. The solution was simple, she had kissed a few girls along the years and had quite enjoyed it. Diana was an expert kisser, occasionally breaking off to suck Holly's nipples whilst her daddy used his tongue on her clit. A milder, less noisy cum ensured that all three were happy.
Terry simply hadn't noticed that the time had passed so quickly. Holly hadn't noticed that, although the screensaver had kicked in long ago, her laptop was still switched on. When Terry had checked his own laptop, the surveillance mode had captured much of the threesome's fun. It would be a long time before he'd consider deleting the saved video which of course he needed 'for training purposes'. In addition, he told himself that one should always keep family memories to treasure later.
Satisfied, dressed and back downstairs the three were enjoying well earned cans of ice cold lager when Rachel returned. She had enjoyed her evening gossiping with Fiona and vowed to repeat the evening more often. Terry's evening fun hadn't already finished, as he found out when he drove Diana back home.