"Attention passengers." a clear, female voice rang out from the loudspeaker of the starliner Pegasus, "we are approaching the planet Hedon, where will enter low planetary orbit for five parsects, during which time, several shuttles will take guests to the planet's surface for an afternoon tour of the capital city of Gomorrah, before continuing our journey to the Cassiopeian solar system. For many of you, this will be your final destination for this trip, and we wish you fun and adventure on the surface of the most carefree planet in this galaxy.
"On behalf of Andromeda Star Lines, I wish to thank all of you who will leaving us, for traveling with the most lavish of the starlines. Before disembarking, however, please remember that aside from hats and footwear, all clothing is a violation of Hedon law, and all footwear must be below the knees; no thigh-high boots allowed, Ladies. Good luck, and have fun!"
I stood up from the comfortable travel pod in my cabin, and stretched for a few seconds, before pushing the personal button that directed my luggage to travel to the shuttle bay for transport to the spaceport on the surface. My cabin mate, Ursula, smiled at me as I prepared to make my way toward the shuttle bay.
"Good luck Jack." she said warmly. "Have fun down there!"
"I certainly will!" I exclaimed, as I reached out to shake her hand. "It's been great traveling with you."
"Same here." she replied. "I am SO jealous of you right now! No clothes or sexual inhibitions down there. It sounds awesome! Don't forget to message me on the Universal Web with plenty of pics now! I want to see everything you're getting yourself into!"
I nodded and smiled back at her.
"I kind of wish you were coming with me." I said wistfully. "I really like you. I'm glad they made a mistake and put us together on this trip."
"Me too." she replied. "I really like you too, Jack. Maybe I can save my pennies and we can both come here together if you want."
"Sounds like a plan, then." I responded. "I'll send a message when I can."
I left the cabin, and as the door shut behind me, Ursula called out.
"Lucky dog!"
I smiled, and made my way to the shuttle bay, where I picked up my luggage and headed for the closest shuttle, Daneb, named after a star in the Cygnus star system. Back on Terra, once known as Earth, we called star systems constellations, but out here in interstellar space, they were referred to as star systems.
I found my luggage and entered the shuttle, preparing for the forty five mitons it would take to reach the surface. I was excited at what lay ahead. Since clothing was forbidden on the planet itself, we were required to strip on the shuttle, so that when we landed, we would not be in violation of the planet's clothing laws.
It was an odd situation how these laws had come to be. On Terra, cold weather made it necessary to wear clothes in the temperate climates, and the planet's laws gradually included clothing into them. On Hedon, however, a trinary solar system meant that the entire planet was always at a comfortable range of what I calculated to be 70 to 75 degrees back on Terra. There was always a sun in the sky at any given place on the planet, and orbiting three yellow dwarfs at the distance close to that of Jupiter allowed the comfy, perpetual daylight and temperatures all over the planet's surface. This negated the need for any clothing at all, except for hats to shield one's eyes, and shoes to protect the feet.
Evolving as a race devoid of clothing had a curious side affect as well. Always feeling free, tended to bolster the sexual appetites of this race of an otherwise human looking species. Their laws had therefor developed in support of nudity and sex, as opposed to Terran views of both being dirty or vile. We landed on the surface, and I excitedly picked my luggage up and made my way to the exit doors.
I didn't need much baggage here, as most of what people bring with them on trips are changes of clothes, so I only had a single suitcase to contain toiletries and a few items of clothing for the journey to and from this clothes-free planet. I stepped off the shuttle into an amazing new world, where nobody was wearing a stitch of clothing, except for boots or shoes and the occasional hat. I walked down the loading tunnel to the concourse, where I was greeted by a pleasant young woman with glowing golden blonde hair.
"Male or female?" she inquired pleasantly.
"Huh?" I asked in a confused voice.
"Do you wish to be welcomed by a male or female?" she asked with a most alluring smile. "This is a most sacred experience."
"Female, I guess." I said with a shrug. "I'm a guy, so if someone's going to hug me or something, it should be a woman, right?"
I hadn't seen anything about this in the journal, regarding Hedonite etiquette, but as it turned out, I was darn sure lucky I made the choice that I did! The woman directed me to a line that ended with a dozen or so women waiting for newly arriving travelers. One of them approached me with a warm smile on her pale face.
"Welcome to Hedon." she said. "Have you ever been here before?"
"No." I replied.
"Oh good! Then you'll really like our traditional welcome." she exclaimed. "I always love getting a first timer."
I was more than a little confused at all of this.
"On Terra, when we travel to a tropical island called Hawaii, they greet the guests with a lei made from flowers, and place it around their neck and give them a kiss on the cheek." I explained. "Is this like that?"
"I don't know what a lei is," the woman replied, "but I think you'll find this a whole lot more fun than a simple kiss on the cheek."
With that, she dropped to her knees and placed her face directly into my groin.
"We welcome all guests to Hedon with oral sex." she explained, before sliding her mouth over my cock. "This is our way of welcoming outsiders to our world of sexual pleasure."
I was already aroused from seeing so many nude women walking around, so it didn't take but an instant for me to harden in her warm, wet mouth. She slid her lips up and down the shaft of my penis, flicking her tongue all over my frenulum, until I couldn't take it any longer.
"I'm going to cum!" I whispered, as I ejaculated in her mouth. "Oh shit!"
The woman took the entire load like a professional, which I'm quite certain she was, and swallowed it all. She then stood up and smiled at me as she licked her lips.
"Welcome to the planet Hedon." she repeated. "I hope you liked this greeting more than getting one of those flower leis and a kiss on the cheek back on Terra."
"Uh-huh." I managed to squeak with a slight nod. "Much, much more."
"Well then, enjoy your stay on our most beautiful planet!" she exclaimed.
"I believe I shall." I responded as best as I could. "Good day."
I tottered off in the direction of the main terminal, still trying to understand what had just happened. All around me were hundreds, if not thousands, of people walking around completely nude and acting just as casually as anyone could be walking around any city on Terra. I had heard stories of Hedons traveling to other planets like Terra, where clothing is mandatory, and them feeling just as conspicuous wearing clothes, as most of us would be, by being forced to go around nude. It's funny how simple differences in local customs can be so foreign to outsiders.
I found the rental counter and checked in, to pick up my pre-reserved personal hovercraft. These were all pretty much universal now quite literally - as most of the known universe was now available to all cultures - so it wasn't too hard to learn the subtle differences between the ones here, and back on Terra. I got the hang of it pretty quickly and zoomed out into the streets of Gomorrah to have a look around, before I checked into my room at the Visitor's Quarters.
Since the temperatures were pretty much constant with almost perpetual sunlight, the vegetation on Hedon was amazing. In areas without rain, they formed deserts just like on any other planet, but where there was rain, the plant life was phenomenal! Rural areas were dense jungle regions in these rain forests, but where the humidity varied a bit, like here in Gomorrah, forests of giant trees made up the local countryside.
Back on Terra, we had a few of these forests made up of the three redwood species, but they were puny when compared to the forests of Hedon. These trees were easily three times as big in diameter as the giant sequoias, and four times taller than the coastal redwoods, due to the slightly lower gravity of the planet and an overabundance of lignin in the wood, which made for much stronger and lighter trees, allowing them to reach staggering heights.
I found a local park and decided to wander around for a bit; getting used to the lesser gravity and admiring the local flora and fauna, but most especially the fauna! I parked the hovercraft in a parking lot much like the ones we used to use on Terra, when vehicles had wheels instead of anti-gravitational propulsion systems, and set off to explore the park and its visitors.
Walking wasn't too much different than on Terra, although my strides were a bit longer. Running or jumping was where I would notice the big differences. N the meantime, I was amazed at how casually everyone was treating sex. The park benches were full of both men and women masturbating openly in front of the general public. Whole families were engaging in sex acts on blankets in open areas, and dozens of couples were fucking their brains out in plain sight of everyone else. I was amazed, but it was why I was here; to experience this life for myself and see if I wanted to move here permanently.
Once I had the walking down, I decided to try jogging instead. It was amazing! I found myself clearing at least fifteen feet between steps, which many Terrans referred to as loping, and it was immediately obvious that I was not a local. It reminded me of the time I saw a Jovian running in a park in New, New, New York City. He had to have been leaping at least fifty feet between his strides. Here, he might even travel a hundred feet or more! I covered what had to have been a mile or more in less than five minutes, before deciding to take a breather. I found an empty bench and sat down to catch my breath for a few minutes.
I watched, as dozens of nude people passed in front of me, and I was getting aroused at all of this naked flesh. It had been over an hour since my welcoming blowjob, and I was a bit ready to have another orgasm. My attention fell on a gorgeous young lady who couldn't have been more than eighteen years old. She was obviously very pregnant, although it was difficult to tell on this planet. The lower gravity had a tendency to make every woman's belly swell to the size of carrying twins on Terra. I could only imagine what a Hedon carrying triplets must look like!
She knew I was staring at her and smiled at me in response. I smiled back, and began stroking my cock to get it hard again. It didn't take long, believe me! It was absolutely wonderful to be able to jerk off in public without so much as a care in the world. It wasn't long before I was oblivious to everyone else around me. All I saw was her.
"Hello there, my name is Persephone." she said with a smile. "It looks like you're interested in me."
"I love your pregnant belly." I admitted, as I continued jerking off in front of her. "It's so hot. I've always wanted to fuck a preggo chick."
"That's so sweet of you to say." she replied. "I'd love to help you with your fantasy, but I have a husband that I really love, and I don't want to have sex with someone else unless he's watching me. I don't mind if you cum in front of me though. You say you like pregnant women. Is it the big belly thing?"
"Yes." I said with a jerky nod. "It's so alluring."
"Well, I don't know what that word means, but would you like for me to turn sideways?" she inquired.
"Oh yes please!" I responded, my voice cracking. "That would be wonderful, thank you!"
She obliged me, and I stood up as gobs of cum shot from my cock. Back on Terra, I would typically ejaculate three to four feet, but I was amazed as both the excitement of the situation and the lower gravity combined, to shoot my load closer to eight feet; landing a heavy gob on her massive belly. The women giggled.
"I'll bet that would have wonderful inside of me." she said wistfully. "Too bad Husband was not with me today for lunch. Perhaps I'll see you around again, though. Good day, Friend."
And just like that, it was over! I couldn't believe how casual the whole episode had been. I had just masturbated in public in front of dozens of strangers, and had an orgasm to the sight of a gorgeous woman I'd never seen before! It was an amazing experience to say the least, but it was commonplace here. I couldn't wait to recoup myself and do something similar as soon as I was able. I loped back to the hovercraft and headed for the Visitor's Quarters.
I was welcomed by another alluring woman behind the counter, and I couldn't help but stare at her. Her eyes were a fiery shade of amber that was not found on Terra, except for orange house cats, and they complimented her dark red hair and pale skin perfectly.
"I love your eyes." I said, before I even realized what I was saying. "Amber eyes are rare on Terra, and even then, they are much less striking than yours."
"Why thank you!" she exclaimed. "I love your green eyes too. We don't have them here at all. The genes were never passed on to our genetics. Would you like to have sex with me sometime? Perhaps we could make a child that will have your emerald eyes."
I was dumbfounded! Was it really that overt? Did people really have sex at the drop of a hat, ANY hat?
"I, uh... umm... I mean..." I stammered, trying not to blow this, "Umm, yes, I would. I'm sorry, I'm not used to your ways yet. I was just stunned that you would ask me like that."
"Oh, you have a lot to learn about Hedons." the woman said with a smile. "When we see someone we are attracted to, we either ask them to have sex with us, or we just take matters into our own hands, if you know what I mean."
I did, in fact. It was abundantly obvious, as she was rubbing herself right there in front of me.
"I just had an orgasm in the park a little while ago," I explained, "but I'd love to have sex with you later on. Perhaps I could take you out for dinner, and we could fuck in the restaurant?"
"That sounds like a wonderful idea!" she responded exuberantly. "I'm Thera. Oh shit, I'm gonna cum. Hold on a sec..."
She grunted and dropped to her knees as she exploded in a wonderful orgasm. I could hear the sound of her juices squirting onto the tiled floor, so I knew it was a hard cum. After several seconds, she stood back up and smiled.
"Oh my, that was nice! You are a very handsome man. Could I please have your name so that I can check you in, and then drop by your room later on for dinner and sex?"
I was still trying to accommodate all of this into my head, but managed to not only nod like an idiot, but tell her my name as well.
"Okay Jack, you are on the 300th floor. My, what a view you will have! You can see all the way to Sodom from there! You'll love it! I get off work in three signons, so I'll knock on your door then. See you soon!"
"Looking forward to it, Thera." I answered, as I made my way to the vertical ascender that would take me skyward.
I was amazed at the number of buttons on the panel! With lesser gravity than we have on Terra, Hedons were able to use stronger and lighter materials to build even higher! This building topped out at 900 floors, so my quarters were only a third of the way up, but it still lent to spectacular views of the planet below; even more so when Thera and I would go to the top floor, to the revolving restaurant for dinner and sex.
I thought back to my Terran history, and had to laugh when I read of the tallest buildings in the ancient world topping out at a measly half mile or so. What idiots our forebears had been, building with concrete, steel and glass! Bizanium, carbon fiber and transparent microcarbon had replaced all of those outdated materials a thousand yarhne ago. Today, it was commonplace even on Terra, to build structures that were a thousand floors in height. Here on Hedon, where the gravity was about a quarter less than Terra's, engineers were now pushing towers that reached up to almost fifteen hundred floors. From the top floor of these new buildings, you could see the curvature of the planet, and should you venture outside, supplemental oxygen was required.
I found my room and swiped the electronic key to gain access. I looked out the window and was almost immediately overcome with vertigo, as I gazed down at the ground some 4,500 feet below. People were invisible to the naked eye, and even the giant forests looked like little more than garden plants. I could only imagine what I would see from the top floor that towered over 13,500 feet, or more than two and a half miles above the surface of the planet. I showered and applied my favorite cologne, before turning on the picture screen to watch some local shows.
There were thousands of channels available on the screen, but aside from news or weather, all the stories were nothing short of what I would consider porn. Everyone was nude, and all the scenes involved sex of all kinds. Even the family shows were full of sexual situations. I was very tempted to masturbate, but the thought of having sex with Thera in public outweighed my lustful thoughts for the moment.
True to her word, Thera knocked on my door about two hours later. Signons were apparently Hedon's measurement that were equivalent to Terran hours, and one signon was close to forty five minutes. If I were going to spend any amount of time on this planet, I definitely needed to invest in a Hedon watch! I opened the door, and there she was in all of her glory; amber eyes, dark red hair and a muff to match. I could feel my penis stiffening as I gazed at her beautiful face and bare body.
"You look great!" I managed to blurt out. "So hot!"
"Mmm, I love your dick." Thera murmured in response. "I can't wait to feel it inside of me."
"Me neither." I agreed pleasantly. "Wow, you were right about the view! I think I can see my mom's house from here."
"Your mother lives here on Hedon?" Thera inquired in a puzzled tone. "Why are you not staying with her, then?"
"It's a joke." I said with a smile.
"A joke?" Thera responded. "What is that?"
"Humor." I replied. "It's meant to be funny."
I looked at her in bewilderment.
"You mean, you don't have humor on Hedon?"
She shook her head.
"I don't think so, no. What is this humor you speak of?"
"Okay, so my mother lives on the other side of the galaxy." I explained. "The joke was that this building is so tall, that I can see past the curvature of the planet and see my mom's house from here."
My voice trailed off, as I realized that Hedons had no concept whatsoever, of humor. I suddenly realized the downside of all of this, but I had an idea. What if I could become the planet's first standup comedian?
"I don't understand." Thera replied, looking rather perplexed. "Can we just have something to eat and then have sex together? Perhaps you could explain this humor thing to me after we are finished fucking?"
I pondered her suggestion for a few seconds, before coming to the most logical of conclusions. Even an idiot would know how to proceed with this, and you know what? I'm not an idiot! No matter how good it sounded in my head at the moment, my plan could definitely wait until we were finished with dinner! And fucking! And whatever else this planet could possibly bring next. This was only the my first afternoon here, and something told me this was going to be one hell of a vacation!