3:45 PM, shortly after her final class of the day...
Josie McKellen was still high on the events that had transpired today, skipping lunch even to catch her breath alone, that and attempting to salvage a ruined green dress borrowed from Piper Cherry, back in the trash it went. So much attention had certainly been invigorating, having been eaten alive by her 1st period girls, then nailed on her desk by Reese Teller her very formidable basketball lover. The Point Guard's overpowering charisma made her dribble on his balls in the most incredible way.
The loyalty of her students was just so hard to believe. Not even the knowledge of Principal Carl Manley's well hidden cameras could dissuade her from her hormonal frenzy. Oh, it bothered her that what she was doing with her students was wrong, even she had read the news over the years. All across the country there were stories of student teacher relations breaking and ruining careers. The problem was, Josie was addicted to sex in every possible way. She had to have it. All she could hope for was discretion, obviously laughable but the hope was there regardless. Russian Roulette to be sure, her luck would run out eventually. Hopefully, that eventuality would be years away.
Josie lingered in waiting, spreading out a full day's worth of Classic Literature tests just for show. Tests from over a week ago were slung all across her desk as a well orchestrated diversion. She knew very soon her twins Dakota and Sable would walk in expecting her to be ready to drive them home. Josie just wasn't ready to call it a day. She needed her lover Coach Roman Crandell to top off her sex drive. Driving home had an altogether other meaning at the moment. One that did not involve her girls.
Unspoken too soon!
"Ready to go home Mom?" Her eldest of the twins Dakota asks while stepping into the room and hovering next to Josie's side. Her sister Sable preferred to stand in front of the desk lost in thought. Her emotions all over the hemisphere due to Travis Herbert's hijacking and being tied up nude in the gym had her rather withdrawn. She felt so miserable over his ordeal. By all rights Josie should show more sympathy but instead chose to hide her knowledge of the boy's troubled day.
Just before lunch hour Piper Cherry had filled Josie in on the fiasco. Telling herself over and over that she should be acting more supportive toward her youngest, Josie's hormones were just too agitated to offer any wisdom. In her soul Josie promised herself that she would make it up to Sable. Dakota, while aware was less sympathetic toward Travis, she knew his perversions well, finding it hilarious one moment, sad the next. Between those emotions there was also the fact that she was seeking to be a part of the so-called In Crowd. That meaning Angus Furlong's orbit. If he would ever break up with his girlfriend Robin that is. Determined to hold her ground concerning their relationship that orbit was merely a gravitational pull.
"I can't sweetie! I'm sooo behind in grading papers I don't think I'll ever get caught up."
"You're always behind. Is Daddy coming to get us?"
"He's probably tied up with his game." Josie grit her teeth mentioning the words tied up in front of Sable but relaxed in a bid to play dumb, Sable simply pouted. "Piper is overseeing Detention just hang out until she's done and catch a ride from her. She has cheerleading practice at her home tonight, right Sable?" The girls both knew she was probably hooking up with Coach Crandell yet again. A timid glance between sister's explored that possibility.
"Yeah." Sable replied with a fidgeting depression. After the events of today her heart wasn't into any cheering. She still didn't know why Piper was encouraging her so. While yes she needed a boost of self esteem, she also knew how clumsy she was. Getting better was on its way, but not quite there yet.
"What's wrong with you?" Josie frowned sitting her pen on the desk rather than nervously tapping it.
"You have know what happened to Travis by now." She pouted.
"Do I want to know?" Josie tilts her head slightly sharing an expression of concern. Better to play naïve at the moment, "What did he do now?"
Dakota chose to answer for her sister, even though suspecting her Mother was full of shit. With the video of Trav's humiliating incident going viral, the whole school was talking about it. Rather than make a scene she simply related the story again. "A bunch of boys kidnapped him during PE and tied him naked to the bleachers." She took out her cellphone to show her a slightly censored spectacle that also incriminated her sister to share with their Mother.
"Dakota don't! It's embarrassing." Sable whined and stomped her foot on the floor.
"Mom needs to know." Dakota hands Josie the cell and lets her watch the video. While it did appear funny Josie withheld her temptation to giggle, in doing so her daughter would hate her for weeks. Even Dakota had to tilt her profile to avoid expressing her smirk.
"Awww poor Travis!" Josie dedicated a hint of sadness to mask her otherwise desire to laugh over it, "While it does look bad Sweetie, you did the right thing in trying to help him."
"I just made it worse. Now everybody is making fun of me." She cringed, "He jizzed in front of everyone. It...almost got on me." Dakota also wanted to laugh but bit her lip. Sable knew her sister well enough and slapped her arm as retaliation.
"How does a guy jizz without touching himself?" Dakota thought to herself, finding it safer than talking about it.
"Oh no! He must have been mortified."
"As if I wasn't?" Sable rolled her eyes. "Try being there less than a foot from it. Even Coach Roman had to jump out of the way. I want to move to Grandma's."
"You are not living with your grandmother." Josie winced at her lover nearly getting a boy's cum on him, even by accident. It wasn't enough to ruin her hookup though, but she would definitely tease him after their rendezvous. "This will blow over." After a lingering stare she sighs heavily, picking her pen back up as a sign she needed to do her job, "I know I must sound insensitive, but I need to grade these papers or it will be 7:00 before I get home. We can talk about this tomorrow if you need to. Go find some place to hang out, just don't miss your ride home from Piper."
"Lets go Sable. Mom has...things to do." A roll of eyes toward Josie she knew that she was being scrutinized. While never knowing for certain until recently about her affair with Coach Roman Crandell, the girls knew very well why she was staying after school so much. Both tempted to bust her out but chose to avoid being yelled at and let their Mother continue her charade. Once out of range Josie dropped her face into her arms on the desk defeated. It was only a matter of time before a bitter confrontation.
"I'm tearing my family apart." She exhales exhaustedly, "Henry understands me better now, but the girls will never forgive me for cheating on their Father. Sure the rumors are out there about Roman and I but there's never been any proof. Well, unless Carl's seen it. God knows he's probably seen what I've done in my classroom the last few days. Hopefully Piper and I can calm him if he lights fire under our asses." Already knowing of both women's deeds very well, Carl Manley merely kept his matchbook in his pocket. Piper would fill her in on exactly what Carl knew soon enough once tomorrow came.
"Crap!" Reality slapped her upside the head, "How can I sneak to Roman's office with the girls prowling the halls? Should I text Roman and call for a raincheck?" Groaning under stress she pouts, "God I'm so fucking horny. If I run into the girls, I'll just take them home and come back. Roman might not wait for me though. If I can reach the gym without being caught I'll just hurry into his office and get some then race back here. I can do this."
Getting up Josie brushed away any creases on her satin dress before heading for the door. Just as she stepped out so did Spanish Teacher Kevin Fowler. Leaving his classroom grinning like she had never seen him before it made her pause. Shocked she hesitates long enough to question it. "Kevin? Why are you so giddy?"
Chuckling wryly he lifts a tiny pink remote and triggers it. A loud shriek circulated from Mimi Alexander's classroom where she was still held up. "What in the world?" Josie smiled, "Is that a vibrator remote?" He gave her a cheesy grin. "Kevin Fowler, you devil you. You and Mimi?"
"We're just friends." He mumbled shyly, "I just like to torment her. It was Miss Cherry's idea."
"I see. May I see that for a moment?" He passes it to her willingly then watches Josie shuffle to Mimi's door cautiously peeking around her threshold to spy on her. Finding Mimi with her fingers busy between her thighs, quite rapidly at that, Josie flared her eyes. "Now this is unexpected."
With an evil glare of her own Josie motions Kevin to join her along the corner of the doorway. Once he peered in and spotted Mimi with her skirt up, fingers dipping inside her cute kitty his heart soared.
"Let's get her good." Josie winked and patted Kevin on the back, "This is just too priceless." Pressing the button and holding it Mimi went insane almost as if a puppet on a string. Chaotic dances in her chair she looked as if she were having an epileptic seizure. Mimi Alexander came hard within a minute of the activation, an Art Teacher painting a portrait in white. Kevin blushed for Mimi.
"God I hope nobody heard me wailing in my classroom today." Josie grit her teeth then vocalized. "She's loud." Kevin scowled at her in response. "Okay, I guess you heard me too."
"I did. I had to close my door during 1st. period. Not just due to you however. I wanted to keep Miss Cherry from teaching my class for me."
"Our secret Kevin?"
"I would never betray you Josie." He shyly spoke. That deserved a kiss on the cheek. While distracted Mimi realized that she was being watched by them and jumped from her seat. Scurrying to their side Mimi shared a second unexpected kiss to Kevin's opposite cheek. He turned rose red but smiled quaintly. Two for the price of one made his day.
"Thank you Kevin. That was fun." She razzed Mimi, while slyly passing the remote back to Kevin, "I have to go. If my girls come looking for me tell them...just say you don't know where I went. Mimi?"
"Yes?"
"Welcome to the family." She hugged the girl quickly then whispered, "You should wear that more often. Kevin's having a blast."
It was no secret, "So am I."
Josie winked at them both and hurried downstairs to the main floor. Every step of the way searching high and low for her daughters in case she needed to offer damage control excuses, she managed to make it to the gym. Within were the early stages of Basketball practice. She hadn't even considered practice might be going on.
Spotting Reese her pussy grew instantly saturated. "Oh my God! There's Reese. Shit! Maybe I should skip Roman and just do Reese again. That anal comment he made after 1st. period sounds wonderful." She talked herself down thinking of Roman, "No, I can't be obvious around his team while they're practicing, if he kept his word they don't know of us anyway. There's no way Reese won't notice me walking along court side to reach Roman's. I'll just act normal and wave." A sudden chill strikes her, "This reminds me of Angus Furlong and his friends from this morning, watching and hoping I'd tease them. Now these young men." Shivering at her dilemma she makes her decision final, "I'm such a slut I can't help myself. 12 players either playing or watching. Should I?" She bit a fingernail tip with sparkling eyes lending themselves to mischief. "Time to wiggle."
Strolling from the double doors she shamelessly unbuttoned three buttons on her satin style pullover dress and just prowled along the sidelines, forced to walk right in front of seven seated boys, accessing them she knew their ages as 18. Her cleavage appealing to the eye well below her tits the road show was rough and ready. Whistles took to the air as if the real game was in play. She brightened her eyes and playfully posed her chin from left shoulder to the right. Reese watching her with the ball in hand bounces it toward her unexpectedly. Seeing it coming her way she froze and plucked it up with a sneer of mischief directed at him.
"What am I supposed to do with this?"
"Lick it." A boy laughed. "Balls love being licked."
"Oh my!" She flared her eyes and made a tongue wag toward the ball then burst into giggles. Worried suddenly that Reese might have blabbed she recalled her flirtatious actions just to be safe. Besides Roman was just downstairs from the court in his office. He could have picked up on the whistling.
"Take a shot." Reese pointed at the basketball net. "If you make it I'll give you something."
"Oh?" Her stress retreated, curious to hear him out, "And, if I miss?"
"You give me something."
"Now that's unfair, I've never once shot a basketball."
"She won't do it." Player Kent Dixon chuckled, "She's afraid of what she has to give you Reese."
"I am not afraid." Her eyes studying Reese she immediately knew he had shared information with his teammates. Taking a deep breath she considered just walking away, but her damned hormones just wouldn't let her. "Alright! What do I have to give you if I miss?"
"You have to come in to work way early tomorrow and hook up with me."
"What? Hook up with you? Reese?" She stared at him in disbelief. Had he blabbed in that much detail to his entire team about fucking her? Her heart pounded at his expression, as well as theirs, concluding that her notion was correct.
"They know."
"Why would you...?" She holds her tongue and shivers with the thrill of each of their eyes stripping her. While she hoped he and her class would keep their rendezvous a secret, it did turn her on how they salivated toward her like hungry tigers. "This...is a lot to digest."
"We saw you unbutton your dress to tease us. Why worry about what we know Mrs. M?" Clyde Selby a Center eased near her in a sly manner.
"Yeah, you know you're sexy as fuck." Shooting Guard Joel Pence shared a compliment, "You also know every guy here wants you."
"Oh really?" She feigns surprise and fans her face with her left hand trying not to drop her cell, the ball in her other teetering. "Still, I have a lot to lose gentlemen."
"None of us are gentle. We are men though." Albert Crowley, a Small Forward on the team laughs. "Eighteen up!" Her earlier calculation of ages confirmed helped her nerves at least.
"Hmmm!" She fidgets her lips knowing Roman had likely given up on her. Her cell had buzzed four times since she had reached the gym, she had just ignored it. Until now, looking at it quickly she found his last message reading , "You have ten minutes or I'm heading out." That was five minutes ago. Hissing at her predicament Josie lowered her cell to her side and directed her attention back toward Reese.
"My coming to work early? How early?"
"At least an hour." Reese narrowed it down, Josie holding her breath.
"And, should I make the basket?"
"Right here on the free throw line."
"What?" She dropped her jaw as Garrett Newman a Power Forward dropped on to his back goofing off on the free throw line while moaning, "Ohhhh, Reese! Ohhh, Roman!"
"Stop that." She laughed slightly blushing.
Looking around her for safety, praying her daughter's were not roaming the school to find her, she hesitates. Seeing her reluctance and worry Reese looked to one of the boys sitting on the bleachers. Pointing toward the twin double doors leading in and out of the gym, he sent the boy to be a lookout. Noting his standing guard and giving them the okay Josie relaxed a bit.
Her next worry was searching for Roman or Ruth who could possibly come up the stairs to leave for the day, that is unless they left via the lower level exit, which was more likely. With no real basketball Coach this season in residence Reese had assumed the role of acting Coach until one was appointed. Roman occasionally monitored the team but being more into football he pretty much let them do their own thing. This was one of those days.
"Accepting my challenge?"
"Be more clear here. When you say right on the free throw line what do you mean? Surely not what Garrett there is doing."
"Hand me the ball back, it's cool. See you tomorrow in class." Reese tried to take the ball from her but she managed to keep it out of reach to everyone's surprise.
"I didn't say no." She giggled, "Post a guard by the staircase too." A second player rose to her request and sprinted to the stairs and leaned against the wall peering downstairs. Hurrying down the steps he made certain Ruth was gone first, which she was. Finding Roman in his office, feet propped up listening to music looking ready for a nap the boy Jeremy headed back up. Sprinting over to Reese he informs him, "Dunbar's gone. Crandell's half asleep at his desk." He then darted back to his post by the stairs. One more leery glance between bodyguards Josie smiled at Reese.
"Which am I? Shirts or Skins?" She stuck her tongue out at him, then winked at those around her.
"Definitely Skins." He grinned.
"I can't believe you have this kind of hold over me. You betrayed my trust Reese."
"Live with it. You know you're wet as hell right now."
"Keep me safe ALWAYS?" She expected an answer. That question was then directed to the entire team. While some agreed, not Reese Teller, he preferred pushing buttons.
"Nope! Risk you take. You know you thrive on taking chances. Word is you told Crandell to push your limits. He can't even come close to how I'd push those."
"Really?" She shivered imagining just what he might prompt her to do. "Alright!" She bent over to set the ball and her cellphone on the wood floor, then stood up to remove her dress. Slipping it completely off, she dropped it to the floor over her cell, that was followed by stepping out of her heels. Totally nude she looked at every speechless player there, spinning herself into a 360 to a jaw dropping amount of sighs. Dicks were rising high in their gym shorts.
"Is this what you call a lay up?" She pats Reese over his confined erection, as he attempts to take the ball from her. Evading him to a rush of chuckling teammates he steps away hands on his hips.
Exhaling her amazement at just how far she was willing to stoop, combined with the lust in their ravenous eyes, she clutched the basketball between both of her palms. Deciding to dribble it using both hands she bent forward enough to express her tight ass and devoted clam, winking to those players sitting with interest. Standing up straight she stepped around Reese and moved over to the free throw line where Garrett still lay stretched out on his side. Instead of getting out of her way he rolled over on to his back and lifted his hips to lower his shorts. A fairly nice six inch cock stood straight up.
"Goodness! Hello there." She giggled and dared to stand over his waist, one foot to each side of his hips. Looking at the basket rather than him she bubbled up, "I'll try not to step on you Garrett."
"Best not! I need these nads." He chuckled peering up at her pussy, "Damn Mrs. M, you have a tight looking pussy."
"I like to think so."
She danced in step wiggling her delicious heart shaped ass just for whistles. Hopefully not Roman's metal whistle either. Below her Garrett stroked his cock. To her sides the team circulated for a better view of her curves at all angles.
"Don't make me nervous." She bounced the ball twice to garner confidence in herself.
"Hold up!" Reese approached her. "Let's make this more interesting."
"Alright! I'm listening. Every shot you miss...you sit on one of our dicks. Every shot you make..."
"I sit on one of your faces?." She adds her own spin on the gamble.
"Fair enough. You're still coming in an hour early tomorrow morning. I'll meet you in your room."
"Mmmm! Let's do this before somebody ruins it for us."
"Take your shot Nobra James."
"That's cute. Here goes." Recalling how to stand, when shooting she grits her teeth and hurls the ball skyward, it didn't even get net high. Chatter at a low level the team relates their chances of all getting their dicks wet.
"Fuck! Hold still Garrett." She looks down at him, then a quick glance at the doorways for another favorable thumbs up, then lowers her thighs over his cock. He offered an assist in guiding his crown up inside her. Eyes flaring at his dick creasing over her G-spot she exhaled a sensual "That felt good."
Daring herself to hop on his dick three times before lifting away and standing up, Josie found praise in her halftime show. Hearing low level compliments out of the rest of the team she looks Reese in the eye. "I should hate you."
"Not when I fuck you as good as I do."
"Grrrr! You are pretty damned good. Who's next?"
She looks around to find six boys jumping at the bit to get some of her. All six drop their trunks and stretch out in wait around her. "This is thrilling." She giggled. Ball handed back to her, a second shot missed, then a third, a fourth, and finally a fifth. She was at least bouncing the ball off the rim on her fourth free throw. Holding out until that fifth shot failed she knelt down and slid her drenched cunt right over their throbbing beasts, one by one. None of these bastards were under six inches, mostly seven or better. She found herself riding each cock a tad longer than necessary, veering into eight thrusts. It felt entirely too good. With nobody interfering in her fun she just kept going. Her sixth shot she miraculously made it into the net with a swish. Praise led to her pointing at Reese himself.
"Face up buddy."
Reese chuckled and laid down flat on the wood floor and stuck his tongue out. She posed over his shoulders then squatted down to plant her pussy right on his tongue. She tilted her head back and moaned as his wag sank deep inside her. Eying a clock on the wall saying 4:20 she wiggled over his face to spread her wetness just for giggles. Boys laughed without being excessively loud.
At one minute she lifted up from his face and let the world see just how truly wet she was. Reese looked as if he had hit the showers, and she hadn't even approached any form of orgasm. With 2 more boys on the team in ready she took her shots. Both throws missing their marks in a row she rode one cock then the other. Her fears were long gone. Roman who? Ruth who? Her kids? Who? Don't know any Henry!
Enjoying it more she leaned forward to let her last ride reach up and squeeze her breasts. Why nobody else took advantage of them she had no clue. With only the lookouts left Josie just drops the ball and shuffles across the gym floor without care. Reaching the doorway, risking being caught she leaned her palms against the wall and stood with her legs wide, ass out.
"Hit me Greg." Greg Zimmerman dropped his shorts and took her from behind. He fucked her a good ten thrusts making her moan in a beautiful alto verse of, "Yessss! Five more!" Her suggestion led to ten more. She was fine by that.
Suddenly, she heard female voices. Her girls were just down the hallway heading toward the gym. Panicking Josie excused herself from Greg and rushed back toward Reese and the others, as he pulled his trunks up. Finding her dress, shoes and cell by the staircase leading downstairs for safe keeping the last boy Parker Shannon stood there waiting there dick in hand. The rest of the team played defense with her as she tried to escape, dancing around her and preventing her reaching Parker and her clothing. She was growing tense under pressure.
"Not funny. My daughters can't see me like this." She pleaded without yelling. Finally just before the twins stepped into the gym they found the whole basketball team hovering around the lower level staircase. Ten young men hid their MILF Mother easily, all while Parker pinned Josie and fucked her standing up with her back against the wall, her legs about his hips, so as not to be seen. Parker however didn't stop at ten or so thrusts. Reese chided him into keeping going. Josie had no control unless she wanted to let her kids hear her screaming. With an orgasm brewing she had a hard time concealing her cries. A palm over her mouth was the best possible option.
"HEY DAKOTA!" Jeremy called out waving. Dakota waved back but lingered there with Sable. Sable's reminder of Travis earlier kept her from wanting to go watch the basketball practice. Those bleachers had too many bad memories attached to them. With no real activity out of the talking players and Sable objecting to their surroundings, the girls decided to move on, Dakota consoling her sister. As soon as the coast was clear Parker's palm left Josie's mouth and it was on.
She cried out and came so hard she was a leaf in Tornado Alley. Her body quaking Josie was putty in Parker's hands. Carefully he shifted his hips enough to lose his trunks and step out of them. Once bottomless he carried Josie nude down the stairs, she silently regretting her participation as he laid her directly in front of Coach Crandell's closed office door. He was still waiting on Josie but blaring Country music preventing himself from hearing her earlier scream. That and the poor guy was snoring.
Here she was. Not quiet, but not loud either, she let it happen. All Roman would have had to do was open his door. Game over!
Parker lifted out of her in a messy web of her own cum and jerked off over her tits. Unloading as quietly as possible he peppered her 34B's in creamy delight. Another boy Clyde leaving her dress and heels beside her, waited until Parker could head upstairs before pounding his fist on Roman's door. Running off as if the Devil were on his ass, he and the team went back to playing ball.
Shocked by the deafening glass vibrating knock Roman dropped his feet from his desk to gravitate toward his door. At first, Roman concluded that such a rough, rapping knock was from a strong male, he would be right if one was still present. Looking straight ahead at eye level he found nobody there. Then, sensing activity below Roman dropped his gaze down until he found Josie with her feet planted to each side of his doorway. She had used her dress to quickly soak up Parker's cum laying it over her tits. Her pussy, gaping from being used and abused, called out to be of further service. As if a magnet her succulence drew his eyes to it's pink favor immediately. She was adapting to her predicament as if a needy slut. Of course, she was a needy slut.
"What are you doing down there?" Roman grew nervous over the practice just upstairs, hearing a basketball dribbling.
"Fuck me Roman. Fuck me right here in the doorway."
"Are you out of your mind?"
She pouted then sat up, crawling to her knees to rub his crotch in the doorway, doe like eyes appealing to his lust for her. After waiting far to long on her Roman just pulled her to her feet and kissed her.
"Raincheck?"
"Nooo! I need it Roman."
Caving to her lust Roman Crandell drug her into the office squealing every step of the way. Her full court press had set her into a sexual frenzy. Door slammed behind them he had his pants down in thirty seconds, nailing her hard as hell against it. The team upstairs heard her wails for short periods, just enough for Reese to dodge and make a lay up without effort.
"That's how it's done Sons."
Thirty minutes later, calling it a night, the team headed out. Roman nutting twice inside Josie left her sensually clinging to her lover, eyes closed she envisioned Reese Teller. The things she would do for that man now that it had opened her eyes would create all sorts of problems over time, yet she wouldn't back down. Bringing her back to reality Roman encouraged her to get dressed, seeing her dress with cum stains on it he presumed he unloaded on her more than usual. The guy had cum in her, not on. Roman was not the brightest off the football field.
Once ready he walked back toward her classroom. Spying Piper Cherry leading her daughters toward the turnstile on their way home Josie sighed, "I'm such a horrible Mother."
"I don't think so." Roman frowned. Travis Herbert was the furthest thing on his or her mind, let alone Sable's emotional needs. It bothered Roman more that he had accidently palmed Sable's tit earlier. Pondering that incident he felt his pecker twitch. Yeah, he wasn't going to admit to that.
"I put my own selfish needs over them almost every day."
"Wanna do it one more time?" He shrugged as she sneered at his bad timing. That vision of his hand on Sable brought his hunger back. Smiling she led him upstairs to her classroom.
"Let me clear my desk."
"I can do it."
Picking her up squealing he just sat her on the scattered papers and fucked her standing up, she laying atop the tests. Josie McKellen forgot her name it was so fierce. It did end up being almost 8:00 before she got home. Sadly, she just went straight to bed. Going in early the price she had to pay.
Was it all worth it?
Her pussy thought so.
Good thing Roman didn't see her tea green dress in the waste basket. His mind more on her body.
What a waist!