Nigkala Tales Pt. 18: So many interruptions
It's amazing what people don't see
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Since the Mortal Kombat movie made money, it was inevitable that another would be made. It took several years, before a script was created, then it made the rounds to find a producer, and then a director. Once it reached this point, casting began. I was offered the role of Obsidian again, and Angel and Jewel were offered their roles as well.
Finally, shooting began. We were in a mountainous area, miles from the nearest small town. They had tents for makeup and costuming. Our trailers were a half-mile away, and we were driven to the set with off-road vehicles. They wanted wild terrain. Some of the crew carried guns, in case wildlife showed up.
That night, I had a strange dream, of the capture of my soul, only it wasn't me. I could not understand it. The next morning, I asked Inanna.
"My Queen, my dreams last night were disturbing. It felt real, yet I don't see how it can be."
"What happened?"
"I saw almost nothing, but it felt as though my soul was being sucked up into some sort of prison."
"Show me, as best you can."
I did my best to remember it.
"It is real. Someone you are very close to has been enslaved or worse. You learned of it because there is a connection between you two. You may be able to use that connection to find the soul. Restoring it back to the body will not be easy, as a body without a soul quickly succumbs and dies within hours. Daughter, given how long it has been, I fear the body is dead now. All that is left will be vengeance and the soul's release when you find it."
"I will seek the one responsible. How much time will I have?"
"Regrettably, there is no hurry. Trapping the soul takes powerful magic, and if it fails, the soul will go free. This means the one, who collected it, has gone to great effort to keep it. As to finding it, your own power works against you. Your range of detection is very large, and you have never learned to track souls, so that, too, will take time."
"Can you teach me?"
"I will try. It can be a difficult task even for the gods. Tonight, I will instruct you as you sleep. What to do is easy enough. Making it work for you will be much more difficult. The last one I taught took several months to learn this skill."
"Thank you, my Queen. I shall study hard."
Soon enough, I was in makeup, getting prepped for today's shoot. There was a lot of climbing, and even some wire work. That night, Inanna instructed me. I had little time the next day to try, as the shooting schedule was busy with some minor fights that needed a number of retakes due to assorted problems. What little chance I had to focus, I got inconsistent results that seemed to say it was getting closer and the direction changed on occasion.
With all the reshoots, I was rather stressed by the end of the day, so rather than meditate to practice my new skill; I just meditated to go to sleep. When I woke up, I could almost feel it, but when I focused on it, it always seemed to be in a different place than before. A rash of accidents in the morning prevented us from getting much work done. We needed the afternoon light for the big monster scene. I was again the hero's ally, and not destined to win against it.
I was just beginning to fight the big monster when another monster suddenly appeared. Unlike the one I was fighting, the second monster wasn't in the script, nor did it seem to be taking directions. When one of the cast members went up to the actor in the monster suit, the monster's mouth got impossibly wide, and bit his arm deeply. There was blood everywhere, and the monster tossed the victim aside before going after another. The director called a stop, and all but this monster stopped. Those closest backed away. One of the crew with a gun warned he would shoot its leg if it didn't stop.
Another person was caught and bit, so a shot was heard. The monster seemed to ignore it. That made me realize something wasn't right. I used my spirit sense and suddenly realized it was real but not human. I also realized the weapons on set weren't going to take it down. So I decided to take matters into my own hands.
The first thing I did was to ditch my sword and summon a real sword and dagger, with the durability enchantment. Next, I summoned my battle augmentations, except for the speed, as it made my nerves glow. Then I set my extra arms to battle-magic mode, which should hold them back out of the way. I then leapt high and yelled to get its attention, as I closed to attack. I started cursing it with assorted Mortal Kombat-style curses. When it saw someone coming at itself with a large blade, it focused on me and attacked me.
I used my dagger to block its claws, and after scoring my initial hit with the sword, used the sword to keep it focused on me. My own leaps kept it in motion, trying to keep me in sight. When I realized its blood was yellow, not red, I started going for more cuts. I was waiting for the people to realize that this was both real and some kind of monster, and not a man in a monster suit. I also kept up my monolog in case they were filming. I couldn't waste time trying to figure it out during the battle. Additionally, I used pinpoint wind to keep my extra arms out of its way, and even occasionally to change where I landed after a jump.
When I sensed the people realized this danger was real, and not some kind of Hollywood makeup, I stepped up my attacks, risking glowing nerves. However, I only did my nerve augmentation where my skin was covered. This essentially translated to moving around and leaping quicker, but my arms got nothing. It did, however, provide me with a small edge as it tried to follow me about. I had also learned enough to somewhat predict its attacks. Repeating short sequences, I hoped they could later merge them into me using four arms to attack. I began to inflict numerous cuts, sometimes referred to as the death-of-a-thousand-cuts. I didn't plan to make that many, but with all the yellow blood leaking, I figured it would slow down quickly.
I was disappointed, as it was quite able to endure damage, but after nearly thirty minutes, I realized it was finally slowing down. I was able to get in some deeper cuts, and I also upped my game with my verbal assault. Then I spotted my chance. I had relocated, and in its twisting and turning to follow me, I realized I had a small window. The next time I made such a move, I used that window. I went for a decapitation shot and the sword went the whole way through. I jumped back, in case it could survive this, and used my spirit sense, to see if it did.
When I realized it was truly dead, I thrust my sword into the air and shouted, "Flawless Victory." Then I held still for thirty seconds, just hoping.
I heard the director shout, "CUT! PRINT!" then he came to me and said, "How the hell did you do that, and what the effin hell is that thing."
Suddenly, the body started to decay into nothing, with just a wisp of smoke leaving it.
I quietly said, "Something not of this world. You said 'cut', and 'print'. Does that mean it is on film?"
"Not at the start, but when it was clear it was focused on you, the camera man started rolling. Soon after, I saw the camera on you and realized you were fighting in character. That's when I knew you thought you were up to the challenge. I signaled for quiet, and others realized we were rolling. We were worried about all its blood, until we realized it was the wrong color. We were still worried, but about you. Especially since the bullets seemed to have no effect on it. Do you know why that might be?"
"It had a very tough hide, at least as tough as an elephant's. Those bullets likely bounced."
"Then how the hell did your prop sword work?"
"My prop sword is over behind the table. This sword is real obsidian."
"... I knew you had one, but I thought you didn't bring it."
"I did not. But I have some abilities that are not accepted by science. Having this blade in a time of need is one such. Don't worry about it. What worries me is who sent the monster?"
"That monster was sent?"
"I think this morning's accidents might have been a warm-up, designed to make tempers flare. Who is here today that was not here yesterday?"
"That rules the cast, and crew out. The caterers are all that are left."
"Then I shall examine them. Don't let them leave. Please try to pass this off as a special effect. That should keep people calm. In the meantime, I am going hunting."
Walking over behind the table, I dismissed the real obsidian blades, and picked up the prop one. The director was following and saw this, so I just smiled and put my finger to my lips a moment. He nodded.
The director started making a racket, making sure everything was in order, and that the medics had seen to those hurt. As he did this, I snuck out of sight, and used my spirit sense to examine everyone here, starting in the catering area. Most were recovering from fear, and showed clear relief at things going back to normal. There was one who was evidencing anger and frustration. There was also some kind of power about him.
Deciding I needed more cover than was available, I summoned wind, and I fed it summoned dust, to make a brief dust storm. As it obscured everything, I used my rock sense to move quietly, staying hidden in the dust cloud. Something must have alerted him, as he turned around just before I got to him.
"Who are you, and why did you bring that monster?"
Rather than replying, he said some words I didn't understand, and suddenly a lightning bolt came from his hand and right into me. He clearly didn't expect me to smile, nor for me to absorb it. I took its power and shot it right back at him. It knocked him out completely. So I carried him to my trailer, adding a speed augment when I was out of sight. I searched him with all my senses. He was carrying three items that had power. While he was still out, I used my mental abilities to learn who he was, his purpose, and what these items were.
It was clear his mind was trained and strong. Well, so was mine, but I had been strengthened by a goddess, as well. I broke through his barriers, and laid him bare. I was stunned to learn the items were lesser talismans, and that he was a mage, like Mato warned me of. But most surprising was that the clear crystal was one made from the bunker. He apparently forced all that glass created by contact with me into this crystal. It was from this he drew the lightning. The monster was from another he had taken from a mage he defeated and stole his life to tame it. The third was his talisman to get him past all sorts of security. He made it from a retired government agent he had researched; to ensure all the needed skills were available.
While I would normally speak with Inanna, the fact that he stole the site An had made, I decided I should speak to him instead.
"Lord An, please forgive me. I have a matter that needs your attention."
"Yes, Priestess? What warrants my attention?"
"I have just captured an evil mage. While he has done many things that warrant punishment, it is the stealing of the soul of the site of power created when Enheduanna transferred her talisman to me that I note. I met a guardian of another site and learned of such predators. The mage attacked me by summoning a fierce monster. I prevailed, and in turn hunted him down. He tried to use lightning from the stolen site to attack me. I turned it back on him, and he was knocked out. I cannot turn him over to local authorities, as I can give them no proof of his acts. If I lock him up, I don't know how to keep him from escaping by magic. I ask your advice on how to proceed."
"Have you questioned him?"
"I have. He fought my will, but I prevailed. I have not had time to process all I learned, but I do know he is evil and even sought to steal my soul to make another talisman."
"Gather him and his effects into your arms." I did as asked. Suddenly, a lightning bolt came through my trailer's open door. Next thing I know, I am in his cloud throne room. Seeing a table clearly spread in front of me, I placed the mage on it, with the three talismans beside him.
I stepped back, and said, "Lord An, here is the evil one and the three lesser talismans he used to effect his will." I then bowed deeply, stood, and waited and watched quietly.
Lord An stood, and walked over. He examined each of the talismans, and when he got to the clear crystal, he looked at me and said, "You are linked to this one! How did that happen so quickly?"
"I recently was looking for a site of power, and the place of the ritual was the nearest, but far too weak to give me the cleansing I desired. I found another site farther away and was cleansed. The guardian of that one and I had a long talk about such sites, guardianship, and predators like this. Afterwards, curious, and a little concerned, I spent time at the ritual site, a small patch of sand on a game field. I saw its reaction to the little chi I gave it, so I decided to give it more. I think I hoped I could make it grow more powerful, for someone later to benefit from. Alas, I fear it was too constrained, as it could not seem to keep the chi I gave it, or the chi it gathered with my chi."
"It must have kept some, for that is the bond I sense. As to this one, show me what happened."
"I shall. Please look into my memories." I concentrated as I would for Inanna, and I felt his presence enter my mind. Soon he was directing the memory, focusing in on many things, and lastly what I read in the mage's mind. Then he left, and I knew he had what he wanted.
"You are right. It warrants my attention. He attacked my priest with her own power, though he knew it not. That he tried to enslave you is another reason. Leave him to me. You seem to have a knack with talismans. Take these lesser talismans, and bend them to your will."
"Yes, Lord An. What of the site's talisman?"
"You would do something different?"
"I would restore it to nature. But if it is possible, I would restore it in another place. The bunker felt far too small."
"Hmm... A novel idea, that. It might be possible. You would need to find a suitable site, that is not already home to a power, yet with power about that it can grow in. Given how covered in people the planet is, that would be a difficult task."
"A task I am willing to take on."
"Then do your best and let me know the results. Likewise with the other talismans. Mages, such as he, find it far easier to steal a talisman than to make a talisman. It is not as powerful, but far easier to do."
"Yes, Lord An."
I knew he dismissed me as another lightning bolt struck me, and I was back in my trailer with the talismans. I also felt highly aroused, and saw the glow from my nipples. The pain from the strength of the bolt nearly overwhelmed the pleasure of my arousal. So I shoved a hand inside my skirt to masturbate, so I could relieve myself. I also willed the excess power into the trailer's grounding system. I was surprised that my other hand threw at least a dozen bolts into the ground system before the glow faded. Just to be sure, I threw more, and learned I still had power for four bolts. Then I came, and another bolt came, but from my vagina. Unlike the others, it was not aimed well, and left a few scorch marks.
I straightened myself out, and hid the talismans in a high cupboard before leaving the trailer. I returned to the set and found the place was like a kicked beehive, with everyone going all over the place. I managed to sneak up to the director's side and when he noticed me, he was startled.
"Where have you been?"
"My hunt was successful. That evil will not trouble us or anyone else ever again."
"Dead?"
"No, but he may wish for it soon enough. It does not endear you to a god by attacking his priestess. It is out of my hands."
"You are a priestess? You have been called many things, but I never heard anything like that."
I whammied him. "Nor do I want you to say anything about it. Just say the law took him away. It is nearly the truth, anyway. Understood?"
"Yes, Helen. Your secret is safe."
Suddenly, he shouted to get everyone's attention. When he had it, he said, "The threat is over, and everyone can go back to the trailers. We'll be busy tomorrow, and we have probably added a day to the shooting schedule."
I turned in, feeling mentally exhausted from the battle of wills and the interrogation of the mage's mind. When a staffer came in to wake me, I knew I needed the rest, as I am usually up by then. I also learned that we were going to reshoot yesterday's morning schedule, as we weren't able to get much done yesterday. Later, I overheard the director say to the producer that it would give the writer a little time to accommodate yesterday's fight scene. No way would that go to the cutting room floor.
When the afternoon's shooting happened, I was barely in it. The hero and I went up to the villain. His first action was to summon the monster I fought yesterday. The hero tasked me with it as he and my ladies, Angel and Jewel, went after the villain. I also had to do a few lines they wrote for me to use while fighting the monster. I didn't learn until the release just how it all went together. The director and producer were so happy with the results, that they decided not to make up the lost time, and instead eat the small penalty for taking longer than expected.
When I finally got home, I enjoyed a long soak in my tub. After a while, I was feeling relaxed, so I spoke to Inanna.
"My Queen. I have news, a tale, and questions."
"Speak daughter. I see you are relaxing, so take the time to tell it well. I enjoy good tales."
"I fought a mage."
"What!? How did this happen? How did you win? Surely the mage knew better than to physically attack you!"
"I was on set. I think he was hunting me, from a trace he had on me. We suffered minor accidents all morning. For the big fight scene with the villain, he summoned a monster to attack everyone. He thought I would be forced to reveal myself. I did, but not as he thought I would. I quickly realized its nature, and knew I must kill it. My time sparring with Hugeng taught me much, including how to reinforce and strengthen my body. I did that, and defeated the monster with no apparent magic. He may have sensed something, but he saw nothing. After I dispatched it, I began hunting him. I caused a local dust storm to hide in, and used my spirit sense to locate someone who didn't belong. There was one who was angry and frustrated, who stood out from the rest who were somewhat fearful.
"I confronted him, asking why he sent the monster. He answered by attacking me with a powerful lightning bolt. An's bolts are far more powerful, and this one just was absorbed by my body. I caused it to strike back on the mage, who was not able to withstand it. I took his unconscious form to my trailer and let the dust settle. I questioned him, then called upon An for advice. He brought us to his cloud throne and questioned me before examining him. He gave me the mage's talismans in turn to me, but kept the mage for suitable punishment for attacking and trying to enslave his priestess. An sent me back. I intend to seek this mage's abodes and search them for other troubling things, to keep them from other evil people. I need to do this soon, before people realize he is no longer a free man."
"It seems your little dragon protected you. He clearly underestimated you, in several ways. I am surprised you didn't know he was about, because I thought that was a property of the tattoo."
"Come to think of it, I was uneasy all day, for no apparent reason. That may be how it tells me there is an enemy about. It will be difficult to train that, as enemies have not been plentiful."
"He-he. Quite right. Still, be sure the next time you feel this unease, be on the alert. I also agree that you search. It is likely there will be magical and mundane traps. Now to the story, tell it to me. I want to hear it in your own words, as a tale of Nigkala, exaggerations and all."
"Very well, my Queen. The day started out normally, but soon things started to happen...." While there wasn't much sex, I knew she also liked violence, so when I spoke of the fight, I emphasized the blood being splattered everywhere, the wailing of the injured, and the panic before I stepped up. I described my attacks as generating much more blood than actually happened, and its response was to ignore the loss of blood and instead be even more focused on me. My leaps were faster and higher, and my defense made it fail to even scratch my clothes. The final beheading had a pause where I said, 'Your time is over', before I swung. The head flew higher, spinning with blood going everywhere but my outfit. And I received a spontaneous round of applause when I spoke, 'Flawless Victory', even as the body disintegrated beside me.
"Oh, that was fun. All you need to add is a celebratory orgy, and it would be perfect."
"I regret orgies do not fit that movie, but an after party of the cast and crew could have had one. Regrettably, everyone was anxious to get back to civilization, so that didn't happen. But the wrap party will likely have something happen, as my ways are known. You want an orgy there, it can happen. He-he."
"He-he. Plan on it."
I realized then it would be a blowout. I decided to bring lots of condoms, and when things started moving, I would discreetly put them out all over. I figured three hundred in assorted styles and sizes should be enough. I hoped.
"You have given me your news and the tale. What of your questions?"
"It concerns the sites of power. Hugeng's home is next to a holy lake. At that lake, and because of it, my chi was cleansed. I felt far clearer in body and spirit after. Recently, I had realized that clarity was diminishing. I decided to see if I could find another. I found a waterfall that chose to aid me. And its guardian.
"But my quest found another before that. The bunker. I spoke to you of it. While I tried to feed it chi, it was unable to retain much. But it retained enough to keep a connection to me. Somehow, the mage found it, and it was helpless against the mage's capture. Its power is now within one of the talismans An gave me from the mage. The mage used its link to hunt me. I do not know if anything is left at the bunker. I desire to return it to the land, but preferably in a better location. An said he did not know if it would be possible, and that finding such a place could be difficult.
"That, and bending the other talismans to me, are the tasks ahead of me of which I seek your advice and teaching. I have yet to examine any of the talismans. I learned from the mage what he thinks they do, but he may not know all there is to know about them. One can summon monsters to do his will. One is used to evade security. And the last is the crystal formed from the bunker, and I know he summoned a lightning bolt using it."
"How did you question him?"
"He was unconscious from the bolt I tossed back at him. So I read his mind. His will put up stiff resistance, but I got past it, and saw this in his thoughts."
"Show me." I brought the incident to mind, and showed her. "You picked up quite a bit about lesser talismans. Yet there is much you don't know."
"While my instinct has served me well, I feel these tasks would best be accomplished if I knew more. I fear the mistakes I might make in my ignorance."
"You are right to fear magic. Yet, you already know more than you think. I shall watch you search the mage's abodes, and decide then what to teach you."
I then gave her the little detail of An's sending me back to my trailer, and my need to relieve myself with such a shocking finality. That brought her some laughter.
The next day I went to the golf course, and found it buzzing with the news that some major damage had occurred on one of the holes. I soon figured out it was the one with the bunker. The prevailing theory was someone got a mini dozer and had it wreck the bunker and a fair bit around it. I went out to the bunker, and examined it. First with my eyes, then with my other senses. I could feel some residue of power from the mage, but nothing of the bunker's power. Not even the little chi from the air as it passed.
I went to the nearest bit of residue, and examined it with all my senses. I soon spotted its dissonance with nature, and realized that, left alone, it would continue to do some damage for a time. When I went to touch it, I felt pain, so I drew back and examined my hand. I had some sort of burn or rash resulting from my touch. I willed my own spirit to heal it, and it quickly did so. I wondered. Could I 'heal' the residue? I placed my hand near, and willed healing into the residue. It resisted at first, but quickly was overcome. Its power remained, but it was now in harmony. So I pushed it into the land to spread its power to heal the land.
With that minor success, I went to all the other bits of residue I could find and did the same. When I looked up, I saw the old groundskeeper watching me.
"You done?"
"Sorry, I got curious. I didn't mean to prevent your work."
"I saw what you did. I have a touch of second sight, at least with plants. There was a bad feeling all over this area, and you dealt with it. Thank you. You have made my work much easier."
"Please keep it quiet. I don't want others to know."
"Gladly. I have seen you here before, and this bunker recently became alive somehow. It also seemed to be connected to you. Now, sadly, it is dead."
"Not dead, but trapped in a crystal. I intend of freeing it, not here, but someplace it can grow and thrive."
"How did this happen?"
"An evil man thought to enslave it to gain its power. He now faces judgment for his crimes."
"Good. He tore up my course something awful."
"With it cleansed of bad influences, I expect you will have it in shape in no time."
"Maybe. It depends on how much damage there is, and how much it will cost to fix, as opposed to just growing grass over everything."
"Is there some way I can help?"
"You already have. What you did just now will save me weeks of work, and a lot of supplies from being wasted. The owners will like the revised estimate I will give them later today. It will likely tilt the decision towards restoration of what was."
"Then I am glad to have helped." I then left, and headed back to the clubhouse and got a snack before heading home.
Now that I knew nothing remained at the course, I started researching what I learned of the mage's abodes. He had one for mundane stuff, where I did not expect to find anything, and another out in the country at a former farm. I also checked up on the local laws to see how much trouble I would be in if I got caught. Finally, I loaded up my George Holt outfit, latex gloves, and make-up kit. I also loaded up a bald wig, as I figured that would most likely be seen as actually being bald if I was careful enough with the makeup.
I loaded up on cash, and drove out to the area, and checked in to a motel wearing a wig with long hair that mostly hid my breasts. I whammied the attendant to forget what I looked like. I then took a nap until it was dark. It took nearly an hour to apply my outfit. I left my ID, jewelry, and phone in the room, and only took the burn phone I used for teleporting. I figured I was about ten miles from his residence. I walked out of camera range and then teleported to a place very close to his home. I then turned on the burn phone to get its GPS info. I had also dressed in black to help avoid detection.
Using the phone, I found the place, and cased it by standing still and using my other senses. I alerted Inanna to the search, and felt her watching through me. I did notice there was some sort of protection covering the doors and windows. The garage did not have any protection, and it had some windows on the side. I summoned an enchanted obsidian dagger. I then closed on the side of the garage, and looked in. It was empty. My dagger made quick work of the window, then I teleported in. I then examined the area. There was no change, so I was likely unseen.
I then used my rock sense to learn what the bottom of the house was like. It was clearly slab construction, just like the garage. Good thing concrete is rock. I used my rock power to displace a square of concrete from the floor over a few feet. I then removed a square hole down fifteen feet. I added solid rock sides to hold up the dirt on either side. I added steps in the wall opposite the house. I then climbed down into the hole. Turning to face the house, I did the same, but horizontally, in about one foot increments. I used the rock sense until I felt I was under the largest room on the ground floor. I then made a hole up to the slab.
Climbing, I carefully made a shelf to the side. Then I displaced a square of the slab to the shelf. I then climbed up to, but not into, the room, where I scanned the room with everything I had. When I felt it was clear, I stepped into the room and summoned a quarter inch steel plate to cover the hole. Eventually, I scanned the whole house, including the second floor and the only enchantments were the security keeping people out, and another designed to make people ignore this place. I decided to make use of that, so I closed all the curtains, and turned on lights as I went through each room, looking for magic information.
I found a safe with my rock sense, and realizing I could directly sense the gears, I opened it. I found several passports, so I took pictures of them with my phone and put them back. Nothing else seemed interesting, so I closed it. I hit pay dirt in his bedroom. He kept a journal of sorts, so I kept that. I paid careful attention to his library. I did find a secret stash of books, but it appeared he had a smut fetish that he kept secret. I put things back as they were. I then left the way I came, restoring things as they were. Back in the garage, I turned off the phone, then teleported back near the hotel. I quickly entered my room and removed my disguise. I then went to bed. In the morning, I left the motel leaving no trace of myself, and slipped the key to the desk while the clerk wasn't looking.
I drove out to the country. There, I rented a van without any identification by using my whammie and cash. On the way there, I stopped and went off-road to apply my costume. As it was a cloudy day, I decided to make a light rain to keep people inside, and to also obscure sight of me. This time, I dressed to look like a salesman, with a sample bag and everything. When I came to the turnoff, I summoned the dagger, a sword, and most of my battle augmentations. I pulled up to the farmhouse, and parked. I alerted Inanna, and felt her watching through me. Packing the sword in the bag, and hiding the dagger in a pocket, I got out. Making a pretense of brushing the wrinkles from my suit, I scanned the place.
There was a lot of magic about the house, but the barn in back had less of a signature. Thanks to Hugeng's training, I recognized the illusory nature of the magic at the barn, so I made a greater effort to see past it. I added my other senses to help. It seemed the barn was a fortress. This squared with what I recalled from my interrogation of him. I decided to start by using that information to bypass the security.
I headed out to the barn, and moved to the side of the door and looked for the hidden keypad. My rock sense found it easily by the metal it had within it. I used the password I had gotten, and suddenly the door opened. I then used the second password to deactivate the door trap. I stepped inside, and it was immediately apparent there was more magic here. I took my exploration slow, to ensure I had deactivated every trap I knew about, and avoiding as much as I could any area that looked warded. My rock sense helped me avoid a number of traps, because I sensed metal where there should not be metal.
I then surveyed the entire place for magic. As I identified each, I tried to link it to the information I gained from my interrogation. Those that I thought were only traps, I tried to defuse, by forcing my will upon them. Some succumbed quickly, others did not. When it failed, I tried triggering them from a distance. There were a number of effects, but apparently this mage did not want to harm the barn, so the effects were survivable. Since I triggered them remotely, they rarely reached me. Twice, An's protection of air saved me from poison, and I quickly used wind to push the poison outside. Another spat high velocity pellets that bounced off my hardened body, leaving only welts. But at last, I had defeated all the traps I could find.
Then I began my study of what remained. As I studied each bit of magic, I spoke my understanding to Inanna. My biggest concern was the harm they could cause if left intact. As I studied one lesser aura near the floor, I realized it hid a secret panel. Opening the panel, I learned there was another talisman. Even Inanna was surprised. It was rather powerful, and she suggested I take care with this one. I summoned a stone container, and filled the bottom with loose sand. I then used pinpoint wind to blow it out and into the container. I then filled the rest of the container with sand and sealed it off with more stone. I then put it into my bag. Eventually, I finished going over all the magic here. Next I searched for secret spaces.
Having already found two in the barn and some at his house, I figured there would be more. I was right. I found three more. Two had mundane traps that broke against my hardened body, the third was just secret. All three contained unpublished books, so I took all three. Last was to go over everything in the barn, looking for information about magic. I found a few, but Inanna told me to ignore them as they were false books. Then I found his library. It wasn't hidden in a secret panel, but rather there was a piece of plywood leaning on the wall that prevented access to a deep bookshelf. There wasn't room to slide it out or easily pulling it away because it was blocked in.
Looking about, I noticed there was a pulley system directly overhead, but it had an unusual hook on the end. Looking at the floor, I saw two indentations in the floor that seemed to correspond to it. I looked for the control, and soon learned that there was a light switch to one side near a lamp. The switch, however, was level. So I went over and pushed it down. Suddenly, the pulley activated and the hook descended. Apparently the hook just fit in the indentation, and when I pushed the switch up it went up, taking the plywood with it. It finally revealed a small bookcase, with over a dozen books.
Inanna said, "Found it. I knew you had it in you. Take them all."
I did, but I needed two trips to put them in the van, along with the talisman. Despite having found this, I continued to make sure I missed nothing. I was about to head to the house when Inanna stopped me.
"You have done well, eliminating most of the magical dangers here. However, there are a few left that need attention. Please lend me your body and voice for a bit."
I mentally stepped back and invited her in. Suddenly, I spoke some words I did not understand, and likewise made some gestures. In response, I felt several things I had not though harmful were suddenly and completely undone. Then I felt Inanna release me.
"When you have time, I will explain what you missed. Continue with the house."
I went to the Dorothy doors, opened them, and descended the stairs to a root cellar. It was also sanctuary in case of disaster. I went to the side of the cellar and found the keypad there. I entered its password, and then I began my scans. Once I found everything in this room, I began disarming them. Apparently, he used quantity rather than quality down here. I did as much as I could from a distance. There were only a handful I could not defuse, and when I triggered these, there was far more damage. The one that spewed acid ruined my costume, but the costume gave me enough time to summon neutralizing minerals. Once the house was cleared, I searched it for secret spaces. I found two more stashes of smut, and four that had bogus books in them, but real mundane traps. The one that tried to electrocute me utterly failed to harm me.
When I searched for magical information, I found several books that were somewhat protected. But as I looked at each, Inanna told me they were fakes and to leave them. It was night when I left. Once I was a distance away, I stopped and took off what remained of the costume. I used a dagger to cut it into small strips, and I dumped them into a trash bin at a rest stop. I stopped at my car and transferred everything. Then I dropped off the van just outside the lot where I rented it, and slid the keys into the mail slot, wrapped in five twenties. I walked back to my car and drove home.
In the morning, I replaced the costume, so I could use it as needed. After lunch, I began reading the journal. It was written in poor Chinese, but I was able to understand it, even with the deliberate obfuscations that were added. It covered several decades. I learned the talisman was the prize when he got the drop on a more powerful mage, but it stubbornly resisted his efforts to claim its power. As such, he didn't know what it was. The secret unpublished books were described only by where he found or bought them. The greatest yield from this book was contact information on three other mages, one of whom lived in another country.
I left the talismans for later, except for the one from the bunker. I fed it a little of my chi every day, and I sensed an easing of its psychological pain. I started in on the various tomes. First I checked for magical wards, traps, and such. I slowly learned how to open the books without triggering the defenses. As I did, I skimmed the books quickly to get a sense of them, so I could order their study. With all the distractions that pulled me away, it took nearly two months to do that. During that time, Inanna explained what I had missed. I then began reading in depth the simplest book. I also noted it was one of the first that the mage acquired. Having already gone over a more complex book of magic before, there was a lot that was redundant, but expressed in a different style. But there was some that was new to me. My biggest disappointment was that there was nothing on talismans in this book. Still, the month-long study was not wasted, as I did learn a little, including another's style of magic notation.
Before I could get to the next book, the wrap party happened. I remembered to bring the condoms, and got the help to hide it for later. I could feel Inanna watching in the background. Once the Producer made his speech, I felt Inanna's interest gather. Quickly, I went to the staffer holding my secret bag, and gave him and some of the other staffers the task of opening each box and placing them around the area. I whammied them to obey my instruction, without making a fuss.
Wandering over to the pool table, I called next game. No one objected, because I had a very short dress on, and I would be bending over the table to make my shots. This would give everyone a clear look at my vagina from behind, and everyone knew it. It was partly why I had not joined in earlier. I was right. Inanna used me to start the orgy. I was given the option to break, and had leaned over, when some guy moved behind me. He tried to be quiet, but I heard his zipper open, and I also heard the silence of those watching him. So I wasn't surprised when just after I sent the cue ball into the others, he plunged into me. He, however, was surprised at how wet I was.
As I knew Inanna's intent, I cut loose vocally, letting everyone know I was enjoying myself. I put the cue down, and subtly allowed the straps to come off my shoulders allowing my upper breasts free, and exposing the lower ones, so everyone could see I was fully aroused. I felt Inanna's desire spread forth from me. When he came, I came, loudly. He pulled out, and I stood up. Since I hadn't done anything about the straps, the dress slid down and off, revealing me in the nude. I just hopped up and sat on the edge of the table and spread my legs. In a few moments, someone stepped up and entered me. As two other guys stepped up beside me to play with a breast, I slid my hands into their pants and fondled their dicks.
I noticed Angel close by, looking aroused. So I whammied her to get on the table, and pull my head down, so she could sit on it and let me eat her out. As she was quite aroused already, she wasted no time, and soon she was feeling my tongue within her vagina. As she was losing focus, I pushed up her shirt until it came off. On her bare breasts, I reached up to play with the lower ones. She began on her upper ones. By the time she came, Jewel was watching, and she insisted Angel let her take her place. Angel got off, and then pulled her skirt off, leaving it on the table. Just before Jewel sat, she pulled her dress off, showing she also wore nothing beneath it. By this time, two more guys had come in me, making me come also.
When Jewel got off, she also wandered into the crowd naked. I sat up, and when the current guy came, I stood up, and walked over to another table I could lay down on and have a guy in both ends. Realizing my dress would likely get real dirty if I left it there, so I sent a little wind to pick it up and toss it onto the pool table, even as I climbed onto a table and lay down. By this time, the condoms had been discovered, and with three sexy and very willing naked women about, the orgy got into high gear. It was not lost on the ladies that the three of us were quite talented at making other ladies come. Four hours later, nearly everyone had lost their clothes, even the help.
At this point, it was late enough that some had to leave due to having kids at home. Others, like me, stayed far into the night. I found I didn't need to leave the table, and guys and girls both came up to me to have sex. As I sensed the party, I saw Angel and Jewel were at the center of their own orgies. The party wasn't over until the sun came up. A fair number of people were sleeping naked, and I did my best to cover them up with their own clothes. When I came to Angel and Jewel, they were doing each other.
"Wow, Helen, this was some wrap party."
"Jewel, this was an honest-to-goodness orgy. And I saw you two at the center of your own sex whirlwinds, just like me."
"How can you be so energetic?"
"I've been at this game longer. Plus, I have some spiritual help. Want to come home with me for the day? I can explain it there."
"Yes. Um... do you know where our clothes are? I kinda lost track with all the sex."
"You left them on the pool table."
They looked over there, and there were quite a few people blocking a path there. However, I saw the path to the exit was clear. "Follow me."
When they saw I was heading to the exit, Angel said, "What about our clothes?"
"I'll get them shortly."
I opened the door to the street, and they walked out naked while I held the door. As soon as they were out, I caused a wind to blow the clothes to me. When they came out the door and into my hand, their eyes bugged. I handed them their outfits, but just carried mine as I headed to my car. They followed my lead, and were getting aroused walking about downtown early in the morning, naked.
"Our clothes... What?"
"Something else to speak on." We got in my car, and I drove home. We were silent on the way. When I got home, Filipe met us at the door.
"Becky Sue, I see the wrap party was a success?"
"Yes. Here, can you put these in the wash?"
I turned to the ladies, "Filipe is such a gentleman. If you ladies want, he can put your clothes in the wash also."
They looked at each other, then in unison, handed him their clothes.
"Ladies, let's relax downstairs." I led them to the elevator, and then headed for the shower. On the way, I started the sauna. "Let's rinse off, and then head for the sauna."
There was a bit of play in the shower, but they were kind of tired. Once in the sauna, I took center and told them to lean into me. I then put my arms over their shoulders to pull them in, and placed my hand on a breast.
"Ladies, there was no chance at the shoot to talk about the monster. Tell me what you remember."
Angel began, "We were shooting your scene with a monster, when it happened. I didn't see where it came from, but I do remember being confused, until it was really happening. Then I got scared. Suddenly, you were there fighting it. I had heard several shots fired, and it ignored them, so I thought for sure you were doomed, especially with your fake sword. I was shocked when I saw it cut the monster. I began to have hope, but not much, as it was so big, and strong enough to toss boulders aside in trying to get to you. Yet you stood firm, and did not let it escape. When the director called for quiet, I was again confused. Was this some special effect? Then you got more aggressive, and eventually decapitated it. That was no mechanical effect. That thing was alive. But with yellow blood, it wasn't human. Then it disappeared, as though it evaporated. Afterwards, there was a bit of chaos until the director said the threat was over."
"What did you think about it afterwards?"
"I tried to not think about it. But when I did, I wondered why there wasn't a lot of publicity? How did it get there? Later, I wondered why most of the people there thought it was just some kind of special effect."
"Jewel?"
"I was next to where someone landed, with a severe bite. I was too busy applying first aid. Not even the shots made me look. It wasn't until someone came with supplies, and we got him patched up, that I could look. By then, it looked like a great special effect scene. I saw the yellow blood, and thought it was fake. Then you decapitated it. The world collapsed for me, as I have never seen anything killed. I've played such scenes, but I always knew it was just acting. But I could see the blood, and the flesh, and the gore. I knew it was real, and I fainted. I woke up after all the fuss died down, and the director was telling everyone to do stuff. When he said to go back to the trailer, I was first in line. Angel and I held each other that night. Later, like her, I wondered if it was real or a dream. In some ways, I am still not sure."
"It was very real. It was also a nightmare aimed at me."
"Huh?"
"What!"
"Yes, me. A little while ago, you saw our dresses fly to us. That did happen. I have experienced things science doesn't accept. My own connections to science fiction and fantasy allowed me to cope better than most. I may tell you more someday, but for now know that I became a priestess of Inanna. Yes, the same goddess from the Nigkala films. That changed me. It also introduced me to a world beyond science. I also gained some power.
"Later, I learned magic was real, and some of what Inanna gave me was magic. At the shoot, there was an evil man, a mage. He found a trace of power and followed it to the shoot. There he summoned that monster I fought. Just as your characters buff the hero, he may have thought I was buffed by the one he sought, not realizing I was doing it all by myself. I was careful to only use buffs that had no outward appearance. It was enough, fortunately, so I didn't have to make myself even more conspicuous. I played the fight like it was in the script, and the director went along with it. I am sure it will be in the theatrical release. But the only people who will think it real, are those who have dealt with such themselves.
"When the monster was slain, I had the director create a distraction, and I went hunting for the hunter. I found and subdued him. He may yet live, but he is ruing the day he went after a priestess. His ultimate fate is not in my hands."
Amber said, "You are a real sex priestess?"
Jewel added, "That's so cool! What powers did she give you?"
"You have seen my stamina when it comes to sex. Like you, I had a fair bit natively, but she gave me more. But she is also a warrior. Those fights I have in the Nigkala tales are real, if scripted, fights. The fight with the monster was very real. I have mastered several martial arts, and a number of ancient weapons. I lean more to her warrior side than her sex side, yet I still enjoy both. I think you may have noticed?"
They both giggled, and nodded.
"So fighting that monster is something I trained for, but never expected to use. But afterwards, I realized there were things I needed to speak to you both about. Tell me, have you ever done any genetic testing?"
Jewel asked, "Yeah, why?"
"You learned you could be half-sisters, or cousins, right?"
"How did you know?"
"You saw the pictures of my family? And how you could easily fit in?"
"Yes, what are you leading up to?"
"When I learned of other four-breasted women, I was curious, as was Inanna. When you stayed that weekend, she examined you both. You are my daughters."
Angel sat up straight, and said, "What! How?"
Jewel added, "Yeah, everyone knows you got fixed after your last kid."
"I did get 'fixed', but not how you thought. I donated my ovaries to an egg bank. The same one that provided the eggs your parents used to make you. I know nothing of who your genetic fathers are, just of the parents you grew up with."
Angel said, "My dad said I was adopted, but it could as easily been in-vitro fertilization."
Jewel said, "My folks never said anything, but when I met Angel, I knew we were more related than I was to my mom. I'm pretty sure my dad is my dad, as we are too alike in little ways."
"Well, as you are family, even if others don't know or acknowledge it, I wanted you to know I wish to support you as a mother. Not as a replacement, but as one you can tell outrageous stuff to, and who will believe and accept you. Tell me, do either of you think your family can handle everything you do and are?"
The both shook their heads.
"Well, I have the experience, and my own outrageousness to accept you wholly. I do not know if we will ever love each other as mother and daughter, but I hope I can be a friend. And part of that is telling you some of my own secrets."
Angel said, "I never thought I would ever find out who my real mom was."
"I am not your real mom, just your genetic mom. The woman who raised you is your real mom. The same goes for your dads. The one who raised you is your dad. My own kids were sired by a number of men, but Filipe is their dad because he was there for them, he raised them with me. They all know he might not be their genetic dad, and none of them care. He is their real dad, and they are all his kids."
Jewel said, "Thank you. I needed to hear that. To know that the source of your genetic material need not be your parents."
"Angel?"
"I'm good. I realized that a while ago. But, Jewel, if I had only known!"
"It's okay. You have been my best friend forever. When I get married, he will just have to accept that I want sex with you also, and that he can join in."
"Enough for now, I know you love each other. I also know you are both horny bitches, likely to do anyone."
They both giggled.
"So, since we have been here a while, why don't we have Filipe join is in bed?"
"Will there be room?"
"My bed? You bet."
They got up, and I followed. We toweled off, and headed to my bed. I called Filipe to join us. He was eager. An hour later, he was tired, and the ladies were sleeping. I told him to go back to whatever, as we needed sleep, and I would keep them company.
Somehow, I wound up in the middle. Each had latched on to a breast, and their hand fondled another as they slept. My hands were between their legs, and they each used their other hand to press mine into their vaginas. I wasn't exactly sleeping, but not exactly awake.
"Daughter, you have done well."
"Thanks, mom." I was half asleep.
"The party was a success, and even better, was your connecting with your daughters."
"Queen Inanna! I'm so sorry. I wasn't awake."
"But you were honest. Do not worry. To me, you are more than a priestess, as you have suspected. In this new era, you have taught me much. When they wake, tell them about me. Ask if they would like to be my priestesses. If so, introduce them."
"I shall." Then I fell asleep.
When they stirred, I woke.
"Good afternoon ladies."
"Huh?"
"Wha..."
"Some wrap party, no?"
Angel said, "Yeah. I've been to some blowouts, but that takes the cake."
"Inanna said she wanted to play."
Jewel asked, "Inanna?"
"Sumerian sex goddess and warrior."
"Oh! She's real?"
"I think so. She has expressed an interest in having you two be her priestesses also."
"Us? Why?"
Angel replied dryly, "I think it would be obvious. We like sex."
"Oh yeah."
"More than that, you also like orgies, and you are both bi. I assure you, that if you choose to serve her, you will have lots of sex, and orgies."
Jewel asked, "What of our careers?"
"Consider my career. As an actress, I have lots of sex on screen. I choose what parts I accept, but she may influence things about parts being offered. You would continue to be actresses. You may find more sexual roles in your future if you accept. I get many sexual roles, but also many fighting roles, as I am also a very good fighter. Outside of acting, I also get laid often. All that experience may help explain my sexual endurance."
"Angel, should we?"
"I don't see a downside, and I do like the idea of more sex."
"Me too. Okay. Where do we sign up?"
Inanna joined in, "You just did."
Angel asked, "Who was that?"
"Ladies, meet my goddess, Queen Inanna."
"Um, hello?"
"Ladies, thank you for accepting me as your goddess. As my daughter has said, you will have lots of sex. Better still, others will more readily accept you as sexual. You will also be free from sexual maladies. You can also have lots of kids. I may not be much of a mother, but I do know that sex leads to kids, and I love sex. If my priestesses don't want kids themselves, they seek others who desire them, and when weaned, give the kids to the new mother. Oh, and childbirth will be easy. I'll speak to each of you later."
I saw the ladies suddenly become aroused, and then had very strong orgasms. I summoned necklaces with pendants bearing Inanna's holy symbol, called my own symbol, and then I waited until they recovered.
"Ladies, congratulations. Take these."
They both took the necklaces, and then looked at me. They quickly noticed my own holy symbol.
"I made this a long time ago. She later chose to give it power. Yours can serve as a focus for your thoughts. While I have no evidence, I suspect that if you wear them while being overly public in your sex, you might attract less official disfavor. If you want to make your own, more personal version, I can help. One of my talents is jewelry making. I can also teach you to fight, from simple self-defense, to mercenary quality. She has often taught me while I slept. We also talk a lot. What she chooses to do with you may be different."
Jewel said, "These are real pretty. Do we have any powers?"
"Grab a DVD of the film I made of the invasion of Kish and check out the extras. There are some ceremonies performed in them. They sort of work, and are designed to generate priestesses. Since you accepted the job, I expect they will work much better for you."
Angel said, "I remember them. One even said you could make a man's dick bigger. You mean that works?"
"You noticed Filipe?" They nodded. "He had about half that size when we got married."
They looked at each other. In unison, they said, "Cool!"
"Don't get your hopes up too high. Other factors were at play. The ceremony is a temporary enlargement. Getting a permanent enlargement will take work. Worth it if you marry, but not so much for a one-night-stand. Now, getting back to what I said earlier, I have a bit of power. I have enough to make me the target of those who steal power. Part of this power comes from other adventures I have had. I seem to be a magnet for spiritual trouble, and I have managed to come out on top. This also means you should be aware that this world is more complicated than science knows. You can ask Queen Inanna, or me."
"That's a lot to take in, right, Jewel?"
"Yes. But what if you are unavailable? I don't know how comfortable I would be speaking to a goddess."
"I also have a private group on the internet for priestesses. There are not many, but you can ask on that forum. I'll send you invites."
Conversation died down, and it was quiet for a few minutes as each contemplated what they just did. It was interrupted by someone's stomach growling.
"On that note, let's get something to eat." We all got up and headed to the kitchen, only to find dinner being set. I could tell they were a little nervous to eat while naked, but seeing me do so gave them confidence. They gained more when they saw the others not even bat an eye at our nakedness. When I called the cook, they were surprised.
"Tammy, say hello to Angel and Jewel. Please consider them as part of the family."
Sassily, she said, "I note the resemblance." She was clearly looking at Jewel's breasts. Jewel, in return, blushed.
Dinner was delicious, as usual with Tammy. We chatted about a lot of things, but not their new status. It wasn't until Filipe gave them back their clothes that anything was said.
"Ladies, I see you have joined the priesthood. Just so you know, I like hearing tales of good sex, especially while I have sex. Feel free to visit anytime, but call first, as I may not be available."
They put their clothes on, and left.
It took at least a month to go through each book, with the later ones taking a bit longer. I found some talisman information in the sixth book, but that was about their use. The eighth book spoke about taming a talisman. And the fourteenth one talked about creating them. The fifteenth book had talisman creation as well, but from a different style. In all, it took nearly three years to read and understand all twenty-seven books and six styles. I then went back over the four books concerning talismans, and took notes. The later books helped me understand some things that were not explained in the earlier ones.
The biggest flaw I saw in the whole use of talismans was the attitude of they're being a tool and not a companion. I knew they were aware, and I tried to get along with them by asking, and thanking them in my thoughts. These books seemed to know they were aware, yet treated them worse than pets. To the mages, they truly were slaves, and if that is what I needed to do to bend them to my will, I would rather destroy their prison and set them free.
As I already had a connection with the bunker's crystal, I started with it. Rather than try to force anything, I offered a little chi and asked for a sharing of thoughts. Almost instantly, I felt the boundaries of the crystal, but I also felt a solid tendril of chi connecting us. I projected my desire to find it a new home where it could grow and be free of the crystal. This made it happy, even with the tiny awareness it had. I suddenly felt my fingers get energized, and I gained the feeling that it would allow me to do something with sand. I returned a feeling of thankfulness, but also a feeling of safety here. I felt the tingle leave, but also its readiness to offer it again.
I sat and meditated, and I focused on the construction of this crystal and how it was like and unlike what the books described. I also studied the chi within it. That is when I noticed constrictions in its energy flows. The crystal had subtle flaws here and there, and I realized it was my rock sense that had spotted it. I envisioned the constrictions and tried to convey it to the awareness within. When it acknowledged it, I sent the concept of smoothing out the constriction as an offer, but also the sense of risk since I did not know what I was doing. I then waited for a response, while feeding it a trickle of chi.
I sensed it desired me to try, but I also sensed it did not understand the risk very well. I then meditated to determine how to fix this. Then it hit me. Inanna's healing. It could affect things, as well as bodies, and this was both. So I studied the crystal with my spiritual sense and my rock sense, to get a true understanding of what is. I then also used Inanna's life sense to see it, as well. That was quite hard as it is so far from what we call life. Yet there was energy flowing. When I got it to work, I willed it to guide me into what would be best for the life before me. Slowly, a new image grew in my mind of how the crystal should be. I then willed the healing to change if from the restricted form to the more harmonious form. It took a lot of effort, as it was a solid, yet I felt my chi flow into it and reshape it. When I felt it was finished, I examined it again. The flaws were gone, and there were a few other lesser changes as well.
I gave my feeling of completion and inquiry as to how it felt. I got a swifter and stronger response. It was still barely aware, but it was clearly stronger. I chose to rest then, so I sent it my intent to leave. It was saddened briefly until I indicated I would be back.
When I left my trance, I found it was near midnight. When I went to leave, I saw a note on the door from Filipe to say dinner was great, and mine was in the oven. I smiled at that. He thinks of my food when I get carried away. I locked the room and went and got my delayed dinner. He was right. Tammy made something special, and plenty. So I wrote her a note thanking her. Then I took a quick shower and got into bed, where I embraced my sleeping husband. I whispered my thanks and my love, and then fell asleep.
The next several days, I compared the improved crystal with what the books had. Where the books told to do things different to what the crystal had, I tried to see why. In the end, I could not find any solid reasons, nor was any advantage given. I had to put things aside for a few weeks as I was involved in a promotion tour.
I tackled the talisman the mage used for security next. As it was a stranger, and had recently been dominated by an evil man, I decided to be very tentative in my contacting it. First, I studied it with all my senses, but I made no attempt to contact it. After several hours of study, I opened my mind to thought leaks. I did not try for true contact, but rather trying to pick up any thoughts that it might be giving off. At two hours, I decided to give it a little chi. I did my best to strip the droplet of chi of all identity. When I released it, I detected its awareness seeking the source.
I touched its questing thought, but I only gave a sense of awareness back. It, too, was curious, but not able to keep its thoughts in check. I got a name, and a few feelings, but not much more. I recognized the name from the journal. I withdrew my touch. And put it down. I was careful to keep my thoughts close until I was much farther away. Eventually, I was in my office. There, I looked up the name, and learned of a man. He had died some years ago, of a very debilitating disease, the kind that affects the body, but not the mind. Before he fell ill, he was a genius at infiltration of high-tech security. He was rumored to be a freelancer, but also deemed to be the best. My main inquiry was his moral stance. It was clear his ethics were flexible and along the lines of 'don't get caught'.
The next day, I was ready to talk with him. I had learned that his morals were not the best, but not something that would bother me. This time, when it reached out after I gave it a tiny bit of chi, I said, "Alec Samson. The mage is gone, and you are free of him. What do you want for your fate?"
I sensed shock, fear, anger, then finally calm. "Who are you?"
"I am your new master. I would take your measure. Your desires will tell me how I must deal with you, or if I deal with you. Your current home may also be destroyed if I deem appropriate."
"What kind of master are you?"
"Powerful. What do you want for your fate?"
I felt him thinking, though not what he thought. "I can get you in past nearly any security. I can make any area you want secured. If you want traps, I can do that as well."
"I tire of your evasions."
This caused fear. I then felt him feel happy, like he was putting one over on me. "I want to serve you."
"This is not your desire. I sense your thoughts. Tell me what you want, deep down. What makes you tick." I then sent my whammie into the talisman. I had no idea if it would work.
There was more fear, and the whammie made it into almost terror. Eventually, he answered, "I want to live."
"What brings you joy?"
I sensed hope rising, but much fear was still there. "Outsmarting those who try to trap me or keep me out."
"Will you kill?"
There was less fear, but plenty of uncertainty. "I have, but not by design. A stain on my career." At that final statement, I felt a twinge of sorrow.
I considered all he said, and I realized he operated as a professional, and not for power or money. While his morals weren't great, they were good enough, especially since I would be the one who decided what he would be allowed to do. I gave him the good news.
"Alec, I find you acceptable as my newest employee." I felt his questions, even unasked. "Yes, employee. Your last master kept you as a slave. I will never keep slaves. My choices were to destroy you, free your spirit to whatever fate it has, or keep you. I think we can come to an agreement. If not, I will free you. Tell me about yourself, not your skills just yet, but who you are. I want to know the man, even though you no longer have a body as such."
We spoke for hours, and I got to know who he was. I also told him something of myself, the kinds of things only family knew. Eventually I asked about his skills, and how he has used them since becoming as he is now. This was far more interesting, as I learned his limitations and new abilities being in this form had. In the end, I said I had much to think about.
The next day, I made him a proposition, "How would you like to design a secure storeroom for me here?"
"You would let me?"
"Yes. I think a secret underground bunker where I could store stuff would be best. I would do any experiments elsewhere, but having a secret storage area could be useful."
"Building such takes time, permits, and people will notice. There will also be records made in the land-development office."
"I can avoid that. I already have a shed there, with power. And I can create the space overnight without anyone noticing. Getting an electrician would be the only outsider involved, and I have ways to make them forget."
"Impossible. It takes weeks to build. I know my former master tended to kill those he wanted to be quiet, but you don't seem to be that type."
"When I said 'forget', I meant it literally. Hypnosis can be powerful. As to the time, I think I mentioned I was powerful? Let me worry about that. Knowing how deep it should be, and if I should put in place any defense against detection, are more important."
"Well, the access has to be at ground level, so it will need to be disguised. If you plan on storing anything heavy, you need a way to get it in without carrying it yourself, which means an elevator or a slope. You also need to accommodate the size, which includes getting around corners and through doorways. Then there are environmental concerns. Breathing is always nice. But you may also need climate control to maintain the environment."
"That is a lot to think about. I will have to ask some others some questions, but I think you can safely assume a three-foot wide sloped opening going inside of a fifteen by twenty foot shed. After the first turn, it will be straight, which means a low ceiling for walking, but not for a cart. I'll have a power panel put in place, and have it supply a large amount of power, and also store some power tools I don't use often out there. The electrician can feed a line to another panel in the bunker for distribution. I can hide the ventilation with the shed. I'm sure I can find plans somewhere I can use."
We talked and developed the plans for the bunker. I broke off for lunch, and in the afternoon pulled some plans. After lunch, I showed them to him, but it was clear he could not perceive them well. I had to look at them and then send the images to him. He commented I was far better at this than the last person. The biggest change was the slope. There was not enough room, so I settled on a shaft, with a later addition of a lift platform. With the plans selected, I went out back to the shed and moved stuff around until I had opened up space just inside the door. Since the doorway was raised, it had a metal riser that allowed things to roll over it for the inch difference. I just extended it, so I could hide a manhole, and I also connected it via hinge to the doorway. It could not be opened while the door was open, but the hinge could be undone from below, just in case....
I created a thirty-foot deep shaft, and made an inset ladder to climb it. At the bottom, I made the storage area, ten feet tall, fifty-foot wide and one hundred feet long, with pillars at ten foot intervals to hold the weight. I made it of stone to avoid metal detectors. I then added raceways for wiring, and also a return air duct that ended at the far corner of the shed. Later I would add lighting, and then I would bring in the electrician to handle the power distribution. All told it took two weeks to set up, with the lift and everything. I also spoke with some museum conservationists about storing precious books and enclosed a portion of the room in a climate control area for them. With the heat pump, and the constant temperature, the energy use was quite small. I added a small beer fridge in the shed to help mask it.
When it was completed, I showed Alec. He said, "Wow. I don't have a good sense of time, but it is clear this was done fast. No way you got the permits for this."
"I've not told anyone about it yet. Only you and I know at the moment. I will tell a few, including my husband, but I think it will stay secret."
I moved the magic books into the conservation enclosure, and only took them out when I was studying them. I also stored the lesser talismans there near the enclosure. Further study would have to wait, as the premiere of the Mortal Kombat called. I liked how the added the unexpected monster into the story.
When I got back to the talismans, I asked, "Alec, I would like to examine your 'body' to see how it works. May I?"
I clearly felt his surprise. He thought about it a bit, and then said, "Yes."
"Thank you. I will try to be discreet." I then meditated to set my mind ready to examine, but also to keep watch that he didn't try anything. Examining it with all my senses, I saw it was far more complicated. Remembering the books, I realized the bunker's talisman was only partially completed. The mage rushed to get me before completing his work. I sensed this talisman had a fair number of controls placed on it, to prevent it from harming the mage, but not any other. I could also see those controls interfered with chi flows. It took a while, but I finally saw past them to the actual structure of the talisman. Again, I sensed flaws in the talisman.
I left the talisman, while I thought about what I discovered. Going back to the books, I saw this layer of control was included, and how it was made to ensure loyalty. I could see this would be needed to 'tame' a hostile talisman, as that other talisman appeared to be. The book even indicated that some would fight these controls. Since I felt I had no need to bind my employee, I could get rid of this layer, and I could also see about fixing the talisman's flaws.
"Alec, I have studied and learned about your current body. I see strictures placed by the mage, and also flaws in the talisman's construction. I think I can remove those strictures, and also remove the flaws. But this could endanger you. I give you the choice for each of these, but I think the strictures will need to be removed for me to work on the flaws. Do you want me to try?"
"You can get rid of the strictures that force my obedience? I don't care about the risk. Please do it. Afterwards, let me think about the other."
"Very well. Please prepare yourself." I again studied the talisman, but this time focused on the strictures. I thought about how the book said to build it, and I reversed the steps. Each time, instead of adding, I concentrated on subtracting. I went slow, and ensured there was no trace of magic from a step left before I went to the preceding one. When all was done, I examined it again to see if there were any other constraints being enforced on him. There were none.
"I have finished. I shall ask about the flaws another day."
As expected, it took a lot of effort, though far less than what the books said making a talisman took. I wanted to rest my mind, so I decided to work out. Three hours later, I relaxed in the sauna. The next few days, I checked back in with Alec, but he was not ready to say yet, so I left him be. I spent time trying to understand how the restrictions worked, so if I needed to make some, I could do it right. I spent a lot of time speaking with Inanna telling her about my understanding of how it all worked. I also spoke to her about what I felt was inefficient, or even contrary, pointing out why I felt something was off. She asked what I thought it should be. Expressing my thoughts was hard, as intuiting what was right was far harder than seeing what was wrong. I would often have to spend hours consulting a number of the books, not just the ones on talismans, to come up with an idea of where right should lie. I would then envision such a variation, and see if it felt off. If it did, I would vary a bit, and try again. It was weeks before I was finally happy with an approach. Inanna had me write it down, along with the reasoning.
I was still working out how to do it right when Alec told me he was ready for me to try removing the flaws. So I prepared to do it the next day after breakfast. When it was time, I told Alec to relax, as it would take a while. He indicated he was ready. I again prepared for attack, defense, and removing the flaws. As with the crystal of the bunker, I sought the best view of this talisman. It was made of bone, and I briefly wondered if it was a bone from Alec. I shook the thought out of my head, so I could focus. I then used the life sense to see how the flaws were affecting things before I brought forth Inanna's healing power. Freeing my mind of the view I currently had, I demanded a view of what should be best for the life contained within. In time, it formed, and when I felt it would not change any more, I brought the two together, and willed Inanna's healing to make the flawed vision into the clear one. It was easier, as bone was once alive, but still an effort as it was solid. Again, I lost track of time, but finished.
"It is done, and I am tired. I will talk to you tomorrow." This time, I headed directly for the sauna and fell asleep. When I woke, I went swimming, and that is where Filipe found me. We had sex by the pool before heading in for dinner.
The next day, when I went to check in with Alec, the talisman had clearly moved. I was immediately on my guard, and did a quick scan of the area, followed by a more thorough and time-consuming one.
"Alec, someone has been here. Your 'body' had been moved. But I can find no trace now. Did you sense anything?"
"I sensed plenty. Whatever you did, it allowed me to see, I mean, really see. I saw this place for real. I wanted to really examine the shaft to the surface, and suddenly I was floating slowly over. I was unable to go up, but I was able to look this place over. I cannot find a trace of construction. This is solid rock, yet it is also exquisitely formed. You must have used magic to do this."
"You saw? And moved on your own?"
"Yes." Then he levitated a bit before settling back down. "It takes effort to do so, but I did."
I carried him over to the book-storage area. "Look at the lock here. Tell me what you see, and what you think of it as a secure place."
"I see a halfway decent lock, but not one that will keep a seasoned pro out. With a decent set of picks and delicate touch, I could do this easily."
"Show me."
"Huh? How?"
"You lifted this 'body' off the ground by thought. That's telekinesis. That means you can move stuff with your mind. Therefore, you can pick this lock. Show me."
"... I don't know if I can, but I will try." I felt him concentrate for a few minutes, but he gave up. "I cannot."
"Why? I sensed things moving inside."
"You did? That's interesting. I could not because I could not feel what I did. There was no feedback. I know the insides of this lock fairly well, but I cannot tell where I am within, so I cannot push the right things."
"Hmm. Remember me showing you schematics? I can show you the inside of this lock the same way. Will you try again?"
"Yes." So, I used my rock sense to see, and then showed him what I saw. When he pushed something that moved, I showed him that movement, and thus he had feedback. It took a long time, but he finally was able to open the lock.
"I had faith in you. How do you feel?"
"Very tired, but also very happy." I slipped a little chi into him. "Oh, that feels good."
"Do you think you could do it again, but faster?"
"With lots of practice, yes. But if you want me to be your universal key, we will need to get a number of different locks."
"Then you shall have them, but not today. This ability can handle a physical key, but electronic keys are another matter."
"With my new telekinetic ability, I might be able to use metallic dust to create a short that can bypass an electric key. You don't defeat the smarts, but rather trigger the unlocking mechanism."
"I hadn't realized you could do that."
"I am a genius in my field. There is a reason I was known as the best."
"Hmm. I am very good at getting past people and you, locks. I think we can get into a little mischief when we need to. Mind you, I don't expect to need you for this often, but knowing we can do this will be another way I can go at a problem. Until then, I want you to practice moving stuff around. I'll make you some little sandboxes with stuff to practice on. You need to know your limits, and also what you can affect."
I made several sandboxes along one wall. In each, I placed small particles of different solids. One even had silica, or sand. But there were several with metal particles, and also a number of other things. Later I would add things like sawdust, plastic pellets, and other things I could not summon.
The next week, we soon learned that moving things got easier with practice, and that chi helped restore him. When I added low power circuits for him to play with, it got far more interesting. He was able to draw some power from it to speed up his work. I also built a lock panel for him to try the various locks I bought. We spent hours refining our techniques until we worked seamlessly. When I sprung a new lock on him one day, we opened it in under a minute.
"I think we have achieved sufficient competence with this combined skill, we no longer need to work hard on it. I want to rest a few days before tackling the next talisman. I have the feeling it will take a lot of effort. I also fear it may be hostile. I don't know if I can pacify it, or if I will be forced to destroy it. I think you should be safely out of the way when I try."
"The one he tried to tame was sure hostile to him. The other was already tamed by the time he offered me this new life."
"The untamed one interests me greatly, but I must deal with the other first. And since it can be used to summon monsters, I want to do it someplace where a monster won't be a problem."
"Good luck."
"Thanks."
I read the mage's journal to learn more of this talisman, but there was little there. I did, however, learn the name of the one he took it from. I went back to the internet for some research. It took a while, as this guy was seriously trying to stay off the grid. However, I learned he had a long-time girlfriend, and I could track her from city to city. With hints of the previous guy leading me, I saw strange things happened in these various cities when he was around. In all of them, there was a small but definite rise in vicious animal attacks. His death seemed a simple stabbing, but with a cunning blade up inside his jaw and into his brain. Someone had to have been a 'friend' to get that close. When they found his secret lair, they found trophies hung on the walls. Except instead of being the heads of various animals, they were the heads of a number of powerful people that went missing. In all, a very grisly find. They did not try too hard to find his killer.
All that research took three months. I could have done it in two, but there was a big problem between the union and several studios that took up a lot of my time. It wasn't a strike, but it wasn't efficient work either. Eventually money changed hands, and contract language got changed, and then everything settled down to business as usual.
Finally, I was ready to deal with the third talisman. I prepared myself as before, and it was a good thing I did. It attacked me right away. I tried to whammy it, and it settled down for a bit, but I could tell, it was fighting that. I waited to see how long it lasted. Then I whammied it again. As I feared, it didn't hold as long. I broke off.
I went back to the books to see if there was a way to work through an enchantment without disturbing it. I got some hints and partial ideas, but it wasn't until I remembered I had an electronic copy of that magic book I translated that I found the information I sought. I would need to have the enchantment I put in place be entirely outside the other, without touching. I would then have to work very delicately on the inner enchantment I wanted to remove while not touching the outer enchantment. I would also have to do this with a very annoyed being. I then researched how to make that outer enchantment, and to make it keep the life within peaceful. I soon realized a sleep enchantment would do quite well. I took nearly a month designing and refining the sleep enchantment before I was ready to spring it on the being. I had bought special supplies, and made a magic circle that acted to strengthen my enchantments.
All was prepared. The circle complete, myself well rested, and in a remote area of the mountains inside a cave I made. When I began, I did my best to be slow and very subtle. The patience required was great, but I finally came to its attention. I was about halfway done, and I could feel some effect on the creature, but until it was complete, I could not count on it. I had to use my will against it to keep it at bay even as I finished constructing my sleep enchantment. Fortunately, now that I had its attention, I no longer needed to be slow or subtle. Suddenly, it began to quiet and go to sleep. I didn't trust it, so I went over every bit of my enchantment, and I found a flaw. I fixed it, and felt it sudden anger as it knew I had outsmarted it. Then I felt it truly fall asleep.
I then broke off only to find it was dark out. I walked over to my campsite and ate some food. Then I went to the privy I set up. I had placed it so that the wind would come through and suck any smells out. I then went to bed, as the next day would be just as stressful.
In the morning, I did some exercises to wake up, and then had a light breakfast. I was ready to face the task head on. I meditated and focused on the talisman. I sensed my own enchantment, and I carefully focused my will between the strands of it and into the enchantment within. A little study showed it was just an outer layer of a series of enchantments that hid the nature of the talisman inside. As before, I undid it strand by strand. It was significantly harder as I had to be careful to not touch my enchantment. I was just over halfway done when I felt I had to quit. Pulling back, I realized I had spent most of the day at it. I left it for now, and ate again. Then some more light exercise to quiet my mind, and another meal, and I went to bed.
The next day was a repeat, except that I finished removing the outer layer of enchantments. I studied what remained and saw another control layer like the last. I would tackle it tomorrow. Three weeks later, I had cleared a dozen such layers when I came upon an enchantment that was something else. I spent a day studying it, and then I went home, sealing this cave behind me. I spent three days at home reading the books to figure out what I had encountered. I also spent three nights of intense sex with Filipe. Eventually, I learned this enchantment was to enrage its target and make it very aggressive. I didn't want that, so I studied it to see how it was made, so I could unmake it.
Back at the cave, it took three days to undo the aggression enchantment. As I did, I noticed the pressure against the sleep spell lessened considerably. Beneath was another control enchantment, and I removed it. When I finished, I found there were no more enchantments, only the talisman's own makeup.
I spent a day studying it, to learn what lay within. I was confused as there was only one spirit trapped, yet it seemed to have the nature of several. It wasn't until I noticed the talisman was made of carved wood and the carvings, though blurred, seemed to depict a shark, a tiger, and a bird of prey. Creatures, when I considered their natures, seemed to be reflected in the spirit of the talisman. I also noticed the spirit had calmed considerably.
In the morning, I decided to see what happened when I released the sleep enchantment, so I undid it, taking almost no time since I had made it. I was prepared for it to attack when I contacted it, but instead I just felt a wary and watchful presence. I fed it a little chi, and it responded as if hungry. It was less wary, but still watchful. I decided I could study the talisman and see what flaws it had.
I was surprised at how many flaws it had. Soon, I recognized many of those flaws came from the control enchantments. The stress caused by controlling the spirit was translated into tiny flaws. I realized this was why the talismans lost power when taken over. The control structures themselves inhibited it. I decided to remove these flaws. There was too much to do in a day, so I just worked on the worst of them. Even so, just fixing the few I went after took most of the day. Completing the job took four days, and a fifth to restructure the talisman to the spirit rather than merely fix flaws. That last was so hard, that when I finished and pulled out, I barely had the energy to go to bed.
My dreams that night were odd. I felt as though I was being watched and judged by things unseen. When I woke, I was in a sweat, and still kind of tired. That is when I noticed I was still holding the talisman. To my amazement, when I looked at I saw the carved figures were now very lifelike, as though it had just been made rather than be the centuries old talisman I believed to be. When I focused on it, I felt the spirit watched me, but as an equal to be respected and not as one to be feared. Suddenly, I felt the spirit reach out to me as though I was a mate with acceptance. I was rather surprised by this. I was also surprised at my body's reaction. Suddenly, I could sense life better, noting that some snakes had been using this cave as their home. I also saw that the walls showed subtle patterns in their grain that I was not previously aware of. Lastly, though I knew the privy should be aired out, I could tell it was there by a faint smell.
In wonder, I contemplated all this, and then I understood what this talisman was. It was a predator, with some of the greatest hunters of the animal world. While that first mage had forced it to kill, it was far more suited to the hunt. I could see how I could summon forth a monster as was sent after me, but I felt drawing its power within might be better. I spent the day tracking the small life about me, and seeing how I could summon forth its power, both as a creature, and as its senses.
It was time to go home and examine the last talisman. I arrived to find my agent had left numerous messages. It turns out someone wanted me to train some actors for an action-packed martial arts movie. I contacted my agent, who was very relieved. He asked if I wanted the job, and when I said yes, he said he would call back then hung up.
When he did call back ten minutes later, he told me he made an emergency call to let them know I wanted the position. It was an emergency, since yesterday was supposed to be the last day they would hold it for me. I got lucky because the next person on their list had not yet responded to their call. But I also had to move fast, as they needed a lot of training. Sigh, I would have to put off the last talisman for a while.
Training the other actors took nearly three months, and I was on set while shooting occurred, so I could assist in the fight choreography. When filming ended, the Director and Producer both thanked me. I also spent many evenings in the nearby town getting laid, as I felt a bit drained by my efforts with the talismans.
Finally, I had time to examine the last talisman. The mage's journal indicated he purchased it from another mage, who warned him it had resisted all efforts to tame it. The mage supposed it to be therefore powerful. He detailed a little of what he did, and I saw his controlling nature in his attempts. Now that it was in my possession, it was up to me to learn about it.
As before, I was girded for battle, but I approached this talisman with caution. It did not take long for it to become aware of me. But since I did nothing to it, it merely waited. When I offered it a bit of chi, it examined it, and then returned it with a definite feeling of being something it did not need. That surprised me. Not expecting a reply, I said, "I wonder why it would not take it."
A female voice came back, "I have no such need."
"Who are you?"
"I am Aja, spirit of the forest and the animals within."
"I have never heard of you."
"I sense no forest nearby. Perhaps you do not know the forest."
"I know the forest, but there is none nearby. I am curious why others have found you to be impossible to control."
"Would you control me?"
"No. I will not force another to go against their nature."
"Curious. I have lost count of those before you who tried to control me. Yet your words ring with truth. How did this come to be?"
"I am a priestess. I was attacked by a mage. He had several talismans. I prevailed, and when I reported him to my god, I was given the task to bend his talismans to my will."
"You bend them to your will, but won't force them against their nature. Explain this contradiction."
"This mage had three talismans on him at that time. The first was newly created, capturing a newborn spirit of the land. As I was part of a ritual that apparently also created this spirit, I was already known and linked to it. That is how the mage found me. I freed it of control, and will soon seek for a new home to grow, as the last was far too small. The second talisman was created from the spirit of a man who agreed to be made into a talisman. He is an expert at what he does, and has agreed to work for me in return for my letting him continue his work. I ask things of him, and he is free to give them or deny them. The third talisman was one controlled by many over the years. It had the spirit of predators, but they were forced into being vicious and cruel, as well as being under control. I removed all those controls, especially the enchantment that made it vicious and cruel. It has chosen to respond with a sort of friendship, and accepted me. I have no control over it, yet it responds to my desire because it shares a love of the hunt. When I searched the mage's abode, I found you. I do not know how you will choose, but I will not force you either way."
"You are indeed strange. You choose harmony over control. Freedom over enslavement. Know this, I am no mere talisman made by some powerful mage. Rather, I am a power in my own right, created by my own desire."
"You are a greater talisman? How did you become a commodity bought and sold on the market when you could leave if you desired?"
"I did not desire, for my purpose is to share with man my knowledge of the forest, especially of plants and animals."
"I know not how well I might learn, but I will gladly be your student. Though no forest is near, I can easily travel to one in a few hours. Will you teach me?"
I sensed her pausing, considering my words. Eventually, she said, "Yes. Though in time, I will move on."
"Then I welcome your knowledge."
We spoke for another hour, but eventually, she told me I needed food and rest. She was right, it was nearing dinnertime. I said goodbye for now, and joined Filipe for dinner. That night, after a lively two hours of sex, he went to sleep, and I spoke to Inanna.
"My Queen, I have news."
"Tell me, daughter."
"When I searched the mage's barn and found a talisman, you warned me to be careful, but you did not understand it."
"I remember."
"Today, I learned its truth. It is a greater talisman."
"What!"
"Yes. I don't think is it a goddess's talisman, but some lesser divine being. She claimed to have made the talisman herself. I also found no trace of any mage upon it. Her name is Aja, though I have never heard of her. She claims to be forest and animal related, and her desire it so share knowledge."
"I wonder who she is?"
"I will seek that answer tomorrow. But I now understand why you could not tell its power. You once told me divine talismans were hidden from other divine beings. Therefore, this one was hidden from you."
"You are right. You also did it again. Another divine talisman."
"Do not worry, she said she would teach me then move on, so I will possess it for only a short time, as she chooses."
"What of the other talismans An had you study?"
I told her of them, and how I removed the chains of mages, and also remade them in a form more suited to each. I even showed her the predator talisman and how its look changed when I remade it. She asked me how I learned all I did, and I explained how I researched with the magic books, but also used my own intuition, and especially her healing intuition to come up with the remade talismans.
"You are indeed gifted. You understood that what was in the books was merely opinion and not exact knowledge. You also knew to trust the power I gave you. You once asked me to teach you. I said it would depend on your handling of the talismans. You have earned this teaching, and more. I shall instruct you, but slowly, so you can make it be a natural part of yourself rather than something separate. It has been some time since I found a student as worthy as you. Rest now, and my teaching will soon begin."
I woke in the morning. Again, she had said rest and I fell asleep. I had to smile at my own remark, so similar to hers about me. I chose to get back into the normal routine of things, and waited for a thunderstorm. When one came, I gathered the four talismans, and called upon An.
"Lord An, I have completed the first task, and I am ready to tell you of the talismans."
Yep. A lightning bolt came down immediately and hit me. This time, I arrived in his cloud home, but in a more office like setting. I placed the talismans upon his desk and said, "I have bent the three talismans to my will, and the fourth, found in his abode, has also chosen to be with me for a time."
"Chosen to be with you?"
"Yes. It is not a lesser talisman, but rather a greater one."
"Curious. First, I will examine these lesser talismans." He picked up the glass one holding the bunker. He looked at me and said, "This is stronger than before. How?"
"When the mage made the talisman, there were flaws. Not enough to keep it from working, but enough to restrict its power. Inanna has taught me the art of healing, an art that can even repair things. I used that art to remake the talisman's form into one without its flaws. In so doing, the restrictions on the power were removed."
"Have you found a new home for it yet?"
"I have not begun my search, as I wished to learn more about talismans before I tried to unmake this one and restore to it nature."
"I see. Now this one. Hmm. It, too, is a bit more powerful. Did you 'heal' the flaws here also?"
"Yes. The spirit within is an expert that chose to be placed in the talisman. We have spoken, and he has chosen to become my employee, and thus is bent to my will."
"I see. Control by voluntary choice. Interesting. Now for the third. Wow, this one is more than twice as powerful. How?"
"There were over a dozen layers of control inhibiting it. Each layer also induces flaws which also limit it. I have removed all those layers and healed the flaws. The carving makes it seem like it should have three spirits, yet it only has one that seems to embody all three animals. One of the enchantments forced it to be ever enraged. With that gone, it is watchful as any predator, but no longer vicious unless provoked. It sees me as a mate or companion of sorts, and has chosen to accept me. When I ask it to lend me its power, it does, of its own will. Perhaps because it is a hunter, and what I ask is of its nature."
"Again, you give it free choice, and it chooses you. Now to the last."
He was about to reach for it when we both heard, "I choose to teach this one. She has shown herself worthy to me."
An said, "Hello. My priestess tells me you are a greater talisman, one created and given by the divine."
"I am. But I choose to wander, waiting for one to find me and be my student. She wishes to learn, and I choose to teach."
"Well, priestess, think you can handle a fourth?"
"I intend to try."
"Somehow, I think you will succeed. Come, I would experience your queen's pleasure." He went to a wall and a doorway appeared. Beyond was a large bed. I followed.
After I went through the doorway, I felt it reform into a wall. While he was still facing away, I quickly whipped off my shirt and skirt, and then I concentrated on pulling in enough of his power to make my nipples start to spark. I could see he noticed that even before he turned to face me. His clothes evaporated, revealing his erection. I walked toward him, swaying my hips, and playing with my breasts. It had the intended effect. His dick got even harder, and started to leak pre-cum.
Just as I was about to touch him, I gave a big hop upward. I also reached for his dick, and on the way down, managed to impale myself. He felt his dick encased in flesh, even if that base was feeling my hand rather than my vagina. I barely let him realize what was happening when I tried to reproduce the vagina lightning I experienced in the trailer. It worked, better than I expected. The bolt made him come immediately.
He just stared at me, and I smiled innocently back. After a few seconds, he smiled, and then broke out in a full belly laugh. "Something new every time."
"Care to suck a nipple?" I saw him look at my still sparking nipples, and then he bent down and sucked. Then I felt sparks coming from his dick and tongue. I focused on causing sparks from my fingertips also. I then started touching him all over, letting him feel the little shocks. He came again, but this time, with all the electricity flowing between us, I came as well. Of course, he was still hard.
We soon found ourselves on the bed, and the whole time we were both causing sparks that went to the other. We were so involved in shocking each other that neither of us realized the power was steadily increasing. I know I didn't feel any pain as the passion was too intense. I lost track of how many times we came, or even how long it was between. It didn't end until one very powerful bolt came out his dick and into me as he came. I somehow knew that the power essentially blew be off of him and across the room. Yet I didn't land, but seemed to hover.
An cried out, "What happened to you?"
"What do you mean? Somehow your orgasm blew me off, and I am still floating."
"Floating alright, but your body? There's nothing left, just a ball of plasma."
Without thinking, I summoned a mirror, and saw he was right. I imagined going up a few inches, and the mirror showed I did. I got between the mirror and An, and willed myself to see both, and I did. In fact, I saw the entire room in all directions. Finally, I thought of my human body and willed myself into it as I watched the mirror. I saw the floating ball change shape into a more human-looking form, and then it seemed to touch the floor. Slowly, patches of skin were revealed as the sparking died down until it was just my nipples, vagina, and fingertips that sparked. Making them spark less was hard, but I was finally able to get down to just my nipples. I went to feel them, and when I pinched one, my fingers met in the middle, even as the sparking nipple was still there.
"I can't seem to get the last of it to leave. Can you help me get rid of the power?"
He came over, and leaned in and began sucking a nipple. I felt his tongue go through it several times before he had drained enough power that it reformed. The other three, however, remained plasma. When he pulled away, the nipple still held a soft glow, but was clearly solid once more. He moved on to the next one. Finally, he pulled away, and I had four slightly-glowing nipples.
"That's a new one for me. I know as a god of the sky I routinely become a ball of plasma, but never have I seen a mortal do it and survive. Come to think of it, I don't think I was paying any attention to how much power I was sending into you. It must be the fact that you were calling on my power into yourself that it didn't blast you for real."
"That was scary, yet also exciting. I don't think want to do it again, but knowing I survived it helps relieve the fear."
"Yeah. I think it tops my enjoyment of your body, which in itself was rather extreme. It also shows you can handle a level of power so extreme I thought it impossible."
"Perhaps we should continue, but without the sparks?"
"Are you sure?"
"I feel okay, and don't see any marks, so I am willing."
He then went back into bed and I followed him. Even though we both enjoyed at least a dozen more orgasms, it felt anticlimactic. Finally, we lay against each other, just enjoying the feel of the other's body.
We parted at last, and I got dressed. Back at his office, I collected the talismans. He said goodbye, and lightning sent me back to my home. I quickly noticed that my nipples had somehow turned again to plasma, as they were sticking through my shirt. I hurriedly put the talismans away, before taking off my shirt. My nipples were still plasma, and my fingers met when I pinched one. So I walked over to an outlet that was grounded and placed a hand on it. There was a spark as I touched, but nothing much. I then willed the excess energy from my body into the ground. It took ten minutes or so, but my nipples finally materialized, and then stopped glowing. However, they stayed erect for nearly a day. Inanna also checked in with a few comments about a potent encounter.
When I told Filipe, he wondered if I could do it on purpose. I said I didn't want to find out. He then asked about my projects, and I told him. I still had one task left, restoring the bunker.
But that is another story.