Skyla stepped onto the sticky floor of the frat house, adjusting quickly to the blaring bump of the music being poorly DJ'd in the corner. She scanned the room for signs of her sorority sisters but all she could see was a sweaty mob of drunk 20 year olds.
Not the usual sorority type, Skyla had found it difficult to make friends in college and find a group. So in her second year she found her way to Zeta Kappa Delta, but it was all so overwhelming. Being surrounded by these girls all the time, told exactly what white dress she must wear to which events. It felt a little cult-y, especially the recruitment ceremony, but it had been about a couple of months and no "hazing" had occurred, and all the girls seemed nice enough, even if some of them were real sticklers for the rules and traditions.
None of this, though, was on Skyla's mind as she searched the room. She was intent on finding a friend who was a girl, because she knew frat boys were not to be trusted. This was only her third party, as she had been skipping a lot of them... But Trinity had pulled her aside and told her that guys were complaining that not all the girls were coming to their "brother" fraternity, and that she must attend them all--in proper dress, of course-- or face disciplinary action. When asked what she meant by "disciplinary action," Trinity insisted that Skyla must follow all the rules as outlined in her handbook and she will never need to find out.
Skyla just needed to be seen, by any girl from the sorority who was sober enough to remember her being there, and then she could bolt. It wasn't that she didn't like to party. And it wasn't that she wasn't flattered that the boys had noticed her absence, although it did also make her feel weirdly objectified. It was just that she didn't really know anyone at the parties so she felt kind of awkward and she didn't feel... Protected?
This feeling was only amplified by actually being there. Eyes seemed to rake over her body as she stood in the humid room. She didn't wear shorts under her little white dress and she almost never wore a bra over her perky little B-cups anyways. But this exposure made her nervous all of a sudden, being surrounded by boys in a natural boy habitat. It wasn't purposeful that she was so exposed, she dressed like this regularly, but she couldn't deny that she craved the attention. She couldn't admit she wanted someone's hand to accidentally graze her sensitive nipple, or for her skirt to flutter up just enough that her lacey black thong could be seen. It didn't matter though, she just had to find her ticket to leave this place.
As she squeezed her way through the crowd, she was pushed into some boy's shoulder and knocked him off balance a little, "Hey!" He turned around and looked her up and down. He was obviously a little intoxicated but he steadied himself fast, "Hey..." He said again in a flirtatious tone. Skyla rolled her eyes and motioned to keep walking, but the boy grabbed her by the wrist, "You could definitely use a drink!" She tried to protest but he was actually doing a great job of pushing through the crowd so she let him be her guide. His grip on her wrist was firm but she could tell if she pulled away, he would let her, which weirdly made him seem more inviting to her. He was taller than her, and much stronger, he definitely played a sport. Skyla didn't really know much about sports, she tended to just do yoga and dance for her workouts. She was more interested in being slim and flexible than being strong and muscular.
They reached the makeshift bar that was actually just a gross plastic fold-out table covered in empty bottles and liquor spills and he started concocting something for her.
"I'm Jacob, I haven't seen you around here before so I assume you didn't know that." She couldn't contain her scoff at his attitude.
Jacob eyed her petite frame, he was pretty sure this was the sophomore who had joined their sister sorority this year who kept skipping their parties. As president of Kappa Zeta Alpha, he made it his mission to know everyone.
"What's your name, then? I can't give you free alcohol without knowing who you are."
"I'm Skyla, and you can keep your alcohol. I have to drive home soon anyways." She turned away from him and started scanning the lawn now that they were outside it was actually easier to see people's faces, "Have you seen anyone from ZKD?"
Jacob brought her the red solo cup mixture and looked out into the crowd as well, "Hmm, I saw a few girls in little white dresses, but I haven't seen them in a while."
"Wonderful," She set the cup down without even taking a sip and Jacob glanced at it. She flipped around and looked at him, "Do you know if you saw Trinity?"
He made a face, "That prude? I definitely haven't, why?"
"I just hate these things and I need to get out of here but I can't leave unless they know that I came or I will face 'disciplinary action,' or some shit."
"'Disciplinary action?' What do you mean by that?"
"I have no idea okay, but I just joined this stupid sorority to make friends not to go to dumb house parties, no offense... What was your name again?"
"Jacob. And none taken I guess, but you don't have to be such a bitch about it." He picked up her cup and handed it to her again, "If you drink this it would be a lot more fun, I promise."
Skyla scowled at the name calling, but took the cup, it looked like she would be staying a bit longer than planned anyways. She looked at the contents with a feeling of trepidation and took a long swig. She rarely drank but it was fun sometimes, and it helped with the social awkwardness.
"Why do you hate frat parties so much?" Jacob said, as he watched her pretty long neck as she gulped. He traced her long legs with his gaze, so smooth and bare under the short, mandated, white dress.
"You literally called me a bitch, you called Trinity a prude, you're basically making me drink alcohol, it's disgusting in that house, everyone is belligerently drunk, it is full of men.. I mean do I have to go on?" Skyla sneered, trying to be louder than the warm feeling that pooled in her abdomen after noticing Jacob checking her out, especially after calling her a bitch, God what was wrong with her?!
"Whoa whoa whoa, slow your roll pretty lady. I'm not like other guys okay. I came out here to help you and I am trying to be your friend. You're the only one here making this party such a downer and attacking me!"
Skyla took another swig of her drink and noticed it tasted kind of funny, "Hey, what's in this?"
Jacob gestured to the tens of bottles on the table, "A little bit of everything... You know the girls were telling me that you were kind of stuck up like this, but I didn't think it would be this bad."
"The girls?"
"Yeah, Trinity and them, when I told them you needed to come to more of the parties."
"You-- wait... Oh my god, you're that Jacob? Oh shit, I--" She set down her empty cup and looked around in a slight panic, "Sorry, I didn't know..." Then, more realization washed over her face, "Wait, then you recognized me from the beginning? And you-- you were the one who demanded I be here? Can't you just tell Trinity that I was here so I can go."
Skyla's head started spinning a little. Jacob laughed, "Of course I can! But I want you to enjoy yourself at the parties, not just show up and bail just to say that you were there."
Leaning against the table Skyla tried to focus on him, "Oh that sounds almost sweet. How did you even notice that I wasn't here?"
Jacob leaned against the table next to her like they were just standing and chatting, "Because you're different, Skyla, your long dark hair and smooth fair skin, you just don't really seem like your average sorority girl. I wanted to see you more, get to know you even. But you won't even stay..." He made an imitation of a sad voice at the end.
Skyla's pulse had quickened, the way he used her name, and the way he so casually sexualized her made her angry but caused a stir inside her. "Can I get another drink?" Was her only response.
Jacob grinned and went back behind the table. Skyla leaned over the table seemingly more drunk than she should have been after only one drink, "What are you doing to me?" She nearly slurred.
"I am making you another drink, Skyla, did you want me to be doing something else?"
She made an overly confused face, and took her renewed drink from him, gulping it all down. "You bastard, you're basically the reason I came tonight and you want to play all innocent and flirty with me... Well! I, I didn't ask to go to parties."
Jacob chuckled, "You're not making any sense babe, should we go sit down?"
Furrowing her brow, "Hey! I am not your babe, and just because it makes me feel all weird when you say that stuff, doesn't mean you can. Okay? That is boyfriend stuff and I-- you are not my boyfriend okay?"
Jacob led them to a bench that Trinity was sitting at, " Hey! Oh my gosh! Look! I am here Trin! Can I leave now??" Skyla practically screamed in her face.
Trinity made no expression, "You can't leave, Skyla. I warned you not to break the rules again and now you have to be punished."
Skyla's eyes were barely open but she mimed being very overtly taken aback and turned to Jacob, almost collapsing into him, "Ooooooh, I guess we get to find out what disintiplinary acshion is!"
Jacob laughed again and held her up until it seemed like she had fully lost consciousness.
- - - - - - -
When Skyla awoke she still felt a bit dizzy, but she quickly came to when she realized she was tied up with her knees bent, her arms behind her, and up against the flag pole at school. Panic began to swell inside her and she quickly took in her surroundings. It must have been very early morning, around 5am, she was on the flagpole by the football field, away from where the lecture hall buildings were. It was Friday morning which meant that almost no one had class, which meant that no one would be coming soon to rescue her.
Then, she noticed there was a sign hanging off her neck that said, "Stuck up bitch - Give me a good slap." Okay, maybe she didn't want anyone to find her anyways.
Twenty minutes of her struggling to break free had passed, and to her horror, Skyla had actually started getting wet. The thought of someone finding her, the thin fabric of her white dress wet with the morning dew showed her nipples. Her skirt was resting at the very top of her thighs to allow for the rope to wrap around her thin legs pulling them open and binding her calves to her thighs. The flagpole was set in a raised half-wall set of bricks, which meant if someone was standing below her, they would probably be able to see her panties.
As time passed she had nothing to think about but the dread of being found, and this only caused wetness to pool from her pussy.
Finally she heard people coming from behind where she was facing. She took a deep breath and called out, "Hey! Help!"
Chatter stopped and she heard footsteps come up. A group of boys came around her to face her. At the front of the group was Jacob.
"How'd you get up there, bitch?"
Skyla flushed, oh god, this can't be happening.
"HA! I'm just kidding, I'm sure you have learned your lesson, let's help her down boys." Jacob motioned for the three other boys to help him pull her off the flag pole but he paused. Skyla looked relieved.
"Whoa, wait a minute." He got closer to the brick wall, his chest in line with the top of it. "Are you, fuckin' wet?"
Skyla shut her eyes and tried to make this all just be a dream. She couldn't think of a response but didn't have to because she let out an ecstatic gasp instead, after a couple fingers rubbed against her pussy through her panties.
"Oh fuck, this bitch is like, soaked guys." Jacob turned to the other guys with him, "You know what? I think this girl really needs our help boys, we should get her off this flag pole right now..."
Tanner knew exactly what he meant, and started making quick work of only the ropes that connected her to the pole. Noah helped him pick up Skyla and they set her down on the grass next to them.
Skyla squirmed, it was cold and wet, and they hadn't untied her arms and legs, "Thanks but I still can't move." She tried to retort in a flat tone but it came out whiney.
"Oh yeah, that's true, but I think you like that." Jacob responded standing over her. "You made quite a mess over there, Skyla, and it seems like you still haven't learned to respect your fraternity brothers."
"I- It wasn't--What are you even doing here?"
"We just came for football practice, and to untie you of course, but I think we have some new plans for the day."
Skyla wanted to feel scared, or panicked, or anything other than the throbbing in her pussy. Unfortunately Jacob knelt down in front of her and started feeling her through her panties again.
"God you are so fucking wet, are you a slut who likes to be tied up and on display for anyone to see?"
His question was met only with the most embarrassing involuntary moaning Skyla had ever let pass her lips.
Jacob ripped her panties exposing her completely shaved pussy. "Oh you have to be a slut, look at this!" He ran his fingertips lightly over her pelvis, brushing over her pussy lips, causing her to convulse and throw her head back. The other boys crowded around, watching him play with her. She worried that if he did anything more, she might cum instantly.
"What's it like up there, Tanner? She is really fuckin' sensitive down here."
Tanner, who was kneeling to the left of Skyla reached out and started rubbing her breasts. Instantly arching up into his touch Skyla bit hard on her lip to try her best not to groan, but it came out anyways. This was only more of an invitation to the boys. Jacob ran his hands over her thighs and pelvis, Tanner rubbed and pinched her nipples on her left, Noah did the same to her right, also running his hands over her neck, and Andy started rubbing her pussy.
Squirming, practically screaming, and burning hot from teasing, Skyla was pulling hard on her restraints, but even if she was untied, she wouldn't have the mental capacity to make a break for it. Her eyes were closed, the sensations of fingertips all over her body was almost overwhelming. At first they were gently but then the pinching got harder, Noah would start choking her, they all started rubbing around her pussy and she felt so close to cumming. It made no sense, she had always struggled to cum on her own, taking anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours, and now here she was, almost ready to come just from having her body touched?
Suddenly she felt a finger start to push inside of her and she started screaming, "Jesus you are fuckin' tight, I only put one finger in!" Jacob couldn't resist, he reached for her g-spot as he had on so many girls before and curled his finger. He was met with a shriek and Skyla's pussy pulsing around his middle finger. "Oh my god, did you just cum? That fast? This is gonna be fun."
Skyla couldn't hear Jacob over the waves of pleasure crashing over her, but when the finger started curling again, she started screaming for a break, overstimulated and throbbing. A break did not come, in fact, she was met with another finger, a hand around her throat, both her nipples being twisted and some other roaming hands pushing her dress up and out of the way touching her all over. She came again, and again, and again.
Noah, released her neck and started undoing his pants. Dropping the head of his dick against Skyla's lips, she opened without even thinking about it. Suddenly, the sound of pants being undone were all around her and two other dicks flopped onto her face. Noah's cock was about average, but Skyla had a pretty small mouth so she took what she could until Noah took over and made her start taking more. She couldn't help it, she felt so dirty and like she was being used to make this boy cum, she started moaning around his dick, her eyes rolling back. As if he was fucking her pussy.
Meanwhile, Jacob started lining himself up with her pussy, raw. He pushed in and she turned her head away from the cock to scream, but her open mouth was an invitation to Tanner.
Spit roasted, just like all the porn she liked to watch, Skyla felt humiliated, disgusted, and so unbelievably horny. She came on Jacob's cock in no time.
Tanner pulled himself from her mouth and the boys lifted her upright, angling her so that she was leaning towards Jacob, his cock still deep inside her stretched pussy. Andy decided it was his turn and positioned his dick to her mouth, Skyla almost didn't notice Noah position himself behind her until he pressed his tip against her tight little asshole.
Skyla gasped and jerked forward but Jacob held her hips steady, "Wow, that made you squeeze, does anal sound exciting to you right now, slut?"
Andy buried his cock in her throat before she could respond and she was forced to muffle her screams as Noah pushed deeper and deeper into her tight hole, using only his and her own spit as lube.
Skyla had played a little bit with her ass before, she had found that if she angled a butt plug right and pressed on it in the right way, she could cum from just that, but with how dirty and embarrassing that was... She vowed never to try it again. Except now, she could feel the thin separation in her body of where a cock pushed against the walls of her wet cushioned pussy and where another cock pushed against the walls of her tight asshole, unable to scream with a cock in her mouth and as another man stood there watching her take it all, jerking off, she came so hard she squirted for the first time in her life.
"You fucking slut! You got your juice all over my shirt!" Jacob exclaimed then started pounding into her, "I am gonna cum in you for that."
Suddenly everyone picked up the pace. Noah and Jacob timed their thrusts so that as she moved off of one dick she was pushed all the way down onto another. Tanner stuck his dick in her mouth alongside Andy and they stretched her lips. She squirted again, her muscles sore from holding the tension of her orgasms, but the boys were unrelenting, their pace remained unchanged so another wave of exhausted oragasm wracked her body and she was held up only by their thrusts.
Noah was the first to cum and he let it gush into her ass, then Tanner who decided to cum all over her face and tits, then Andy came down her throat. Jacob quickened the pace slamming against her cervix repeatedly until he finally shot his load deep inside her.
Jacob pulled out of her and let her lay back down on the grass. Now the cool dampness felt inviting on her hot sweaty body. He began untying the ropes.
"You're so lucky it's a Friday and no one else was here to see or HEAR you."
Skyla had no response, her throat was sore and she suddenly felt unbelievably exhausted.
"Kinda unlucky that we recorded you though... Don't worry we will drive you home, you live at the ZKD house, right?"