I had stayed with my uncle on a number of occasions in the past but this was the first time I had met his new wife. My real aunty had died five years earlier. My uncle was approaching fifty but his new wife was in her mid thirties. I kind of did a double take when I first saw her as she was showing lots of leg lots of boobs and a lot of skin generally. She was and still is stunning with a great figure and a killer smile. What nineteen year old would not look forward to spending a whole week in her company.
My uncle had promised to take some time off work during the week to show me around but I knew I would have time alone with Alisha his wife. During that first weekend we did sightseeing had barbeques and chilled out round the pool. I got to see almost all of Alisha's beautiful body, as her bikini was the briefest I had ever seen.
My uncle made jokes about her teasing her young nephew. She not only played along with this during the weekend but seemed to be relishing the attention. Before dinner on the second night she was sunbathing on her front and asked me to undo the top so she would not get strap lines.
It was when she turned over that she managed to drop the bikini top and spend a surprisingly long time getting hold of it and getting it back on. Throughout this time she managed to display her very firm medium sized boobs to great effect. Her nipples were very dark with areolas that were a little lighter. One of the areolas was huge while the other was large but very crinkled and tight looking. The nipple on this boob was hard and very big.
It may have taken her longer to adjust herself as she was looking at me the whole time her boobs were uncovered. She muttered something about being so clumsy but pleased it was only my uncle and me who were there. I noticed that her eyes were wide open and her smile spread across her face from their bright twinkling centre. My uncle scolded her in a mocking way saying she would corrupt her innocent nephew.
The next day with my uncle at work Alisha and I hung out mainly around the pool. She clearly enjoyed showing off her body and I saw it in almost every pose I could imagine. When she did catch me watching her she either gave me a knowing smile or gently teased me. At the end of the afternoon Alisha announced that she was going for a shower before preparing food. I went to my room and showered in the en suite. As I walked down the hall I noticed that she had left the door to her bathroom open and I could see her showering.
I made no effort to move away or even hide the fact that I was there. I first noticed the total lack of hair other than on her head. While her areolas were still big they were both crinkled and very dark. She was soaping her nipples which were not always clearly visible but when they were they were thick almost black and very long. The soaping was much more than washing and included pulling hard on her nipples.
She casually looked up and showed no surprise to see me in the hall looking at her. Carrying on with what she was doing she thoroughly soaped between her legs before taking hold of the shower head and washing off first her boobs and then between her legs. The soap was gone but she looked towards me and pointed the spray up and down the length of her pussy. This was pure masturbation and the expression on her face one of concentrated sexual excitement.
By now my erection was demanding attention but I was far too nervous to do anything more than adjust it through my shorts. She gave me a knowing smile before turning round bending forward presenting me with the perfect view of her perfect bottom. She was still spraying between her legs and some of the water was hitting her bottom. I was so engrossed that I did not hear my uncle until he exclaimed that he couldn't believe that I was spying on Alisha in such a blatant way.
On hearing this Alisha screamed as if she had seen me there for the first time. My uncle told me to go down stairs immediately and he would deal with me later. Fifteen minutes later they came into the living room. My uncle with an angry face followed by Alisha with a huge grin on hers. I was told that they had talked about it and had agreed that I deserved a caning. They asked me to say whether I believed that this was fair. I could not say what was on my mind to my uncle and muttered my acceptance.
My uncle told me to drop my shorts and reach across the table to grab the far corners. In this position my prick and balls were on top of the table and my body was stretched out across the table. My uncle said I would receive nine with the cane and I was to apologize to Alisha for spying on her after each strike. I was to look to my left, which was where Alisha was sitting on a dining chair. My uncle was also to my left, which meant that he had to look almost behind him to see Alisha.
As I looked at Alisha she gave me the knowing smile I had seen so many times in the last few days. What I also saw was her open her legs slowly and show me that she had no panties on. Even if he did turn and look my uncle would only see his young wife smiling and looking demur. What I could see was an excited pussy and something that looked like it was buried in her bottom.
That was the last clear thought I had as the cane landed and exploded across my backside. I had just enough presents of mind to apologize to Alisha for spying. The next strike landed much harder than the first and I screamed out. Looking towards Alisha her legs were wide apart and I could now make out that it was a vibrator in her bottom. Any feeling of arousal between my legs was now caned away. From the look on Alisha's face the same could not be said for her.
The pain was building after each strike and after six I didn't know how I would survive. I had to try and detach myself from my body and concentrate on the area between Alisha's legs. The apologies became automatic until I suddenly realized it was all over. My uncle told me to stay exactly where I was and laid the cane across my back. He said he was going to the store down the road for some beers and not to move.
As the door closed Alisha told me to stand up. She hoisted her short skirt and replaced me over the table. She played with the vibrator, which buzzed into action and told me to fuck her. From nowhere my prick was rock hard and I approached the table. I thought she might take the vibrator out but instead just lifted it to give me easier access to her swollen wet pussy.
Even with the vibrator tightening her pussy I sank in easily. The whole area was buzzing further adding to the excitement. Alisha was now screaming at me to screw her and make her cum. Much to my surprise she quickly started shuddering and telling me how wonderful I was. Encouraged by this I fucked her harder and deeper not trying to hold back. I don't know if it was the caning I had taken but I was able to keep going longer than I would have expected.
She was now urging me to cum quickly because my uncle would be back soon. She then reached round and grabbed the buzzing vibrator and started fucking her arse with it. The whole situation was unbelievable and I felt my cum start to shoot along the length of my prick. She was now demented as she came again and I pumped and pumped before collapsing on her back.
The key entering the front door sent us into a spin. Alisha was sitting back on her chair and I was back across the table as we heard his footsteps in the hall. Alisha swore and almost threw the cane across my back as he walked into the room.
He told me to get up and go to my room. I delayed hoping he would walk away but had to get up showing him a very sticky mess on the table. He laughed and pointed it out to Alisha saying that he was amazed that I had cum under the cane. She made some rude comment and joined in the laughter.
I had no idea that any woman had the sexual appetite than Alisha showed me the rest of that week. I went home, with a prick that was red raw and the biggest smile on my face, for a well-earned rest.