Chapter 02
Virginia: Family Secrets
I was lying on my bed, my strawberry brunette hair fanned out on my pillow. My breasts rose and fell with each breath, a tight white t-shirt over my chest, my curvy waist and belly bare. I wore my favorite cotton shorts, blue and white striped, with my long legs crossed, my foot bobbing.
My phone hovered above my head as I scrolled, but I wasn't paying attention to what I was seeing. My 18th birthday party was over, and in two days, the real party, the ceremony, would begin. My phone slipped from my grasp and hit me in the face.
"Ow, kittens!"
My cousin Quinn poked her head through the door, her brown hair tied back, her warm cheeks in a smile, a bit of flour on her chin. "Ginny? Did I hear 'kittens'?"
"I'm going to stop saying 'kittens' and start saying the F word again," I said, rubbing my nose. I sat up, sighing. "I'm so depressed."
"I know. The cookies will be ready in 10, but they gotta cool first."
"Cookies can't save me," I said, burying my face in my hands. "How do I get out of this?"
Quinn sat on my bed. "Do you want me to cheer you up again?"
"Yes."
"Okay, here we go. It's going to be great. He's going to be so gentle, and sweet, and warm. And remember, my mom is going to ask the same guy I had."
"The playboy dancer, great."
"He was great!" Quinn said. "So attentive."
"I should have had sex with someone else first, like you did."
"Okay, hush!" Quinn said, looking around the bedroom. "You know I suspect my mom bugs our apartment. If she ever found out, she'd burn my inheritance and make me watch."
"I can't do this," I said seriously. "I have to talk to my mom again."
"It's going to feel amazing."
"It's not about how it feels. It's about my choice, and I don't get to choose. I just get your leftovers."
Quinn frowned. "You said it was cute that we'd have the same guy."
"It is, insofar as it's 1% better than a homeless man taking my virginity."
Quinn came around and sat behind me and started massaging my shoulders. "He's going to kiss your body like you've never been kissed before. He's going to touch you in ways you didn't even know you liked. And best of all, you're in control. No other guy for the rest of your life will work as hard to please you as this guy will during your ceremony. You say it, and he does it. By the end of the night, he'll know your body better than you do."
"I doubt that. I really think I should talk to my mom."
"Okay, Ginny, look," Quinn said, turning me halfway around to look me in the eye. "You cannot break a centuries-old tradition. Our family has done this forever. My older sister did it. I did it. Our moms did it, our grandmothers, and so on."
"You're supposed to be convincing me, not mothering me."
"I'm giving you the hard facts. If you don't do it, your mother will disown you, and you'll break Nana's heart. Remember when Ophelia threatened to tell my dad?"
"Of course. Your mother slapped her. God, she scared me to death."
"My mother was dead serious; she would have disowned Ophelia. Then we had the 'big talk' with Nana and our parents and our cousins from Europe. You know how important this is. Do you really want to go through that again?"
"Kittens..." I cursed.
Quinn hugged me, and I put my head on her shoulder.
"I'm gonna be with you the whole night," she said.
"Just tell me it's only sex, and it'll be over quickly," I said.
"It's just sex. If you want it over quickly, let him put it in, and tell him you came, and it's over. Pump and done in 15 minutes."
"You know what really annoys me? My mom couldn't even be bothered to find the guy to screw me. She just told your mom, 'Oh, yeah, any guy will do fine for my daughter. Excuse me, I'm busy entertaining some politician.'"
"Your mom was probably just overwhelmed and didn't know where to start. And you know how my mom is. She takes over everything, and she's already been through two of these. I know Aunt Diana cares about you."
"I just hate that I've gone out of my way to save myself for this. I should've had sex in high school. Maybe Tom never would've cheated on me, and we wouldn't have broken up."
"You two will get back together."
"No way. It's over. And there were so many other cute guys I could've dated, and they slipped through my fingers. Now, here I am, 18, waited like a dope, and in two days, I'm going to get screwed by a stranger. Not screwed, fucked. Yes, fucked, like a dog."
"Wow, f-bomb."
"Yes, because I'm pissed."
"Remember, you control the night. It goes how you want. You're not going to get fucked like a dog. Just tell the guy to go slow. Pump and done, but slow."
"No, you know what?" I said. "I'm going to kiss him."
"Oh, not this again."
"No, I don't care. I'm going to kiss him. If I have to do this, I'm doing it my way. I'm not going to jump in bed with a stranger and just let him stick it in me and then leave. I want a connection first. I want to kiss. And I'm even going to talk to him a little."
"Okay, you're crazy. He is not allowed to talk, period."
"He can't talk, but I can."
"He won't answer."
"I'll look into his eyes. He can nod. I could have a beautiful night with a man born mute. I'll just look at his face for his expression."
"He'll wear a mask, genius."
"I meant his eyes. I'll look there."
"You're going to piss off your mom if you start kissing and chatting with the guy, let alone my mom."
"I don't care. They can stop the ceremony if they don't like how I'm doing it. But I'm going to get to know him before I let him have sex with me."
"You're crazy."
"And that's final."
Quinn stood from the bed. "Speaking of finals, I should be studying for midterms, and so should you. "
"Ugh, don't remind me," I said, rolling over on the bed and finding my advanced algebra book. I stared at all the symbols and my brain turned to mush. "I can't believe I have to think about this while I'm about to get plowed by a stranger."
"Plowed, huh?"
"Plowed," I said, "screwed, banged, humperdincked."
Quinn moved to the door. "Cookies in half an hour. Stop worrying about getting plowed."
"Close the door."
I studied. I used to love math in high school, but it was all so complicated now that I was at university. How's a girl supposed to take math seriously when she has a date with a stranger in two days, a date where she was required to put out? It wasn't fair.
The next day, I found myself taking a test and failing miserably. By failing I meant getting a B. For a girl who took academics very seriously, it was horrifying.
Afterward, I wandered the city a little, stopping at a coffee place called Cafe Charles. I ordered a mocha cappuccino and went on my way. I stuck my tongue out five minutes later. It was too bitter. They never added enough chocolate.
I moved through Central Park, sipping my drink. The trees were in bloom with autumn colors. I found an empty bench and sat and thought about my life for a while. If I told my dad about this stupid ceremony, he'd surely put a stop to it, and probably divorce my mom. My brother Samuel would never talk to my mom again. Of course, all the women on the Duclark side of the family would hate me for eternity. So, my choices were complete and total family destruction, or shut my mouth and have sex. What to do, what to do?
Could I really make small talk with my mystery date during my ceremony? He surely would not reply, but maybe it would make me feel better. And could I kiss him? Would my mom and aunt and grandma freak out? I hated not knowing who I was having sex with, let alone on my first time. What if I removed his mask? Oh, they'd be furious.
I sighed. I was so screwed. I had to refocus my opinions, change my thinking, take this as a learning experience, just as my aunt had said. And I admitted to myself, there were some sexy aspects to it. A man whose goal was to please me in bed was kind of exciting, a little titillating, maybe even erotic. Then again, maybe I was more the type who enjoyed giving pleasure than receiving it.
"Hmm," I mumbled. Maybe I could ask him for feedback. Oh, he'd never respond. Maybe he could nod. I guess I could try a few things and ask him if he liked it. It was certainly expected of me to tell him what I liked and didn't like and what I wanted. Of course, if things went too well, maybe my future husband would think I was too experienced and I'd been a slut in my youth.
I laughed to myself as I sipped my drink. Maybe I was getting ahead of myself. I had to get in touch with my feminist side. I had to be an alpha female and dominate this man, make him pleasure me. Yes, I'd make him worship my body, kiss my feet, crawl to me on his knees.
Yeah, right! Me? Well, why not? If I was going to be with this mystery guy, I should use the time to learn what I like. Maybe I was into dominating my man in the bedroom and I didn't even know it. Then again, I could ask him to dominate me. Maybe I was into that too. Or maybe total equality would be best. Equal pleasure for equal partners. It was all too much to think about. I finished my drink and headed home.
As a rule, I disliked uninvited guests. Maybe it was because my mother always portrayed a perfect environment for entertaining. If someone was going to come over, I wanted to make sure my room and apartment were clean. Quinn and I lived on our own, and yes, our parents paid our rent, but did that give my aunt and my mother the right to stop by unannounced? Apparently, it did, because they were there when I walked through the door.
"Oh, hello, Mother," I said.
For the record, I grew up calling my mother "Mom," but the woman corrected me when I got older, telling me it made me sound childish, and, "'Mother' is more respectful in front of company." So, I called her "Mother." Later she said, "You may call me 'Mom' when were alone," but I never did.
"Hi, Aunt Olivia," I added.
"Hi, Virginia," Aunt Olivia said.
"Hello, Virginia," my mother Diana said.
It was useless asking my mother or Aunt Olivia to call me "Ginny." I'd tried for years, but it never stuck.
"What brings you by?" I asked as I hung up my coat, hoping I hadn't left any dirty clothes around the apartment.
Quinn was busy cleaning up the tea she'd served them. I guess they had been waiting awhile.
"You didn't answer your phone," Diana said. "I was worried."
"I silenced it for my test and forgot to turn it back on," I said as I took it out and glanced at the screen. "Sorry."
"How are things at university, dear?" Olivia asked.
"Good," I said, coming into the living room and sitting down. They sat as well, and Quinn returned from the kitchen to join us. "I had a math test. I think I did well."
"You think?" Diana said.
"I did well. I'm sure," I said.
"Good," Diana said. "How's Tom?"
"Mother, please stop asking. We're broken up."
"I'm just curious if he reached out."
"It's been months. We're over. Just imagine if he knew what was happening tomorrow night. Especially since he cheated on me because I wouldn't put out." I laughed without humor, but they didn't seem to think I was funny.
"Speaking of which," Diana said, "your aunt has some news. Olivia?"
Olivia crossed her legs. "I'll come right to it. The gentleman who performed with Quinn is not available."
I tilted my head. "Oh? Where is he?"
"Well, he's... I suppose it doesn't matter if I say, but he is engaged and has a child on the way."
"My old boyfriend," Quinn said, putting a hand over her heart. "He forgot about me so quickly."
"Very amusing," Olivia said.
Quinn chuckled. "What was his real name?"
"Come now, I won't tell you that," Olivia said.
"Mom, it doesn't matter anymore," Quinn said. "It's not like I want to look him up."
"What did you call him again?" Olivia asked.
"I named him Channing."
"Yes, well, Channing's real name is not your concern. I really should not have even mentioned his current situation."
"So, what does this mean for me?" I asked. "Somehow, I doubt you're going to cancel the ceremony."
"Of course not," my mother said.
"I've found a replacement," Olivia said.
"Already?" I said. "I'm a little disappointed. I wasn't exactly excited about this, but at least I thought, okay, Channing gave Quinn a great night. Maybe I'd have fun with him too. And Quinn and I thought it would be cute if we were cherry-popped sisters."
"Do not be so vulgar, Virginia," my mother said.
"I'm vulgar?" I said. "I'm not the one throwing my daughter on a bed so a stranger can screw her brains out."
"Virginia Anne Duclark, you watch your tone," Diana said.
Olivia smirked. "One day, dear, you will throw your daughter on a bed with a stranger, and I hope you pick a good one, as I believe I have for you."
"Great, so you found another pervert willing to have sex with a virgin. You must have scoured the Earth."
"Virginia, that is enough," Diana said.
"You are being very disrespectful, Virginia," Olivia said sternly.
I checked my attitude. I knew I'd pushed things too far. "I'm sorry. I'm just concerned about this man you've found."
"I have vetted him," Olivia said. "There was an extensive interview process. I received his blood results back today. No drugs, no STDs, no other issues."
"That's good," I said. "I just don't think it's fair that Samuel didn't have to have sex with a random girl a week after his 18th birthday."
"Your brother, and men in general, can figure it out for themselves. Lord knows they don't think of a woman's wants anyway," Diana said.
"Speaking of wants, I have a bit of good news for you, Virginia," Olivia said. "I know you're not terribly excited about the ceremony, but do you recall what you asked me when we discussed your preferences for a man?"
"Did you get the real Channing?"
"No, but this young man is inexperienced as well."
"What?" I said in surprise.
"He was with one other girl when he was younger, and he is close enough to your age. That's what you asked for, isn't it?"
When Aunt Olivia had asked me the type of man I wanted, I told her I wanted him to be a virgin like me, totally inexperienced, and my age. I'd said it because I knew, of course, it would be impossible to find an 18-year-old virgin gigolo.
"How did you manage that?" I asked.
"I have my ways," Olivia said with a titter.
"He was probably lying," I said.
"Oh, as I said, I vetted him," she said.
"I'm not as confident as you are on this," Diana said to Olivia. "I wanted someone more experienced for Virginia's ceremony. And that's why we are here, Virginia. The inexperience of Olivia's choice has me concerned. If you want someone more experienced, we need to know now. The ceremony is tomorrow."
"I'd really rather not use an escort service for this," Olivia said. "Escorts are from a different world, and picking and choosing, let alone vetting, is much harder, especially on short notice. I'd really like you to trust my judgement on the young man I've found."
"Tell me about him," I said, sitting back and crossing my legs. It was nice to have a say in what was about to happen to me. I felt very adult, as if my mother and aunt were my peers, at least for a moment.
"You know I can't do that," Olivia said.
"I'm not asking for his name and social. Tell me what sold you on him. Help me understand."
I had already decided whoever this guy was, I wanted him for my ceremony. I liked that he wasn't very experienced. I already felt embarrassed being a virgin with some super macho guy who had had sex with innumerable women, so having a boy who was fumbling around with me in the dark was ideal. I wished I was his first too, but this was as close as I would get. And he was close to my age? Even better.
"Very well," Olivia said. "As I said, he's around your age."
"Is he 18 or 28? What's 'around my age'?"
"I will not give you his exact age. He is over 18 but not yet 25. Good enough?"
I smiled. "Yes." I wiped my smile away. I didn't want to give away anything. "Go on. Where did you find him?"
"Dear, I really don't think the specifics are important."
"I think they are," I said. "Quinn and I discussed Channing, and we both think he was probably a stripper. He moved so gracefully, he had to be. If this guy is a stripper, it's fine."
"He is not a stripper," Olivia said. "But, fine, actually he found me."
"How do you mean?" Diana asked. I guess my mother hadn't heard the details either.
"Again, without specifics, I was meeting with Channing about your ceremony. The new gentleman became involved in the conversation, and I ultimately gave him an interview."
I was trying to imagine under what possible circumstances some other guy could just happen to be involved in a conversation about screwing a virgin girl.
"So, you were, what, having a business lunch with Channing and some guy just overheard and was like, 'Hey, yeah, I'll have sex with a girl for ya'?"
"Must you put it in such vulgar unrefined terms?" Diana said.
"It did not happen quite like that," Olivia said, "but suffice it to say, I discussed the matter at length with the young man. I will not go into further detail."
I grumbled. "Is he at least attractive?"
"Oh, of course, Virginia," Olivia said. "I would not ruin your ceremony with some slob."
"Hm, yeah, I know you wouldn't," I mumbled. "Not like I'll see his face anyway."
"He has a very nice body as well, I assure you," Olivia said. "Please do not expect a man chiseled of marble, but he is certainly very sexy."
"Channing had rock hard abs," Quinn said, eating a cookie left over from last night. "Just sayin'."
"Yes, thank you," Olivia said. "This young man is very fit as well. I will admit Channing was perhaps fitter, but you will not have a complaint there, I promise."
"Does he have nice hair?" I asked. "If he'll wear a mask, I hope he at least has nice hair."
"He does. He is very, very cute."
"Two verys?" I said in surprise.
"Yes, two."
"So, why only one girlfriend?" Quinn asked. "What's wrong with him?"
"These questions are really not appropriate," Olivia said. "For the record, I had no say whatsoever in who was chosen for my ceremony by your grandmother. I have gone quite above and beyond for my daughters and my favorite niece by even asking each of you your preferences. I wanted a better experience for you than I had for myself."
"Out of curiosity," I said, "how much are you paying him?"
"I would prefer not to discuss money," Olivia said. "But I believe your mother was pleased I came in well under budget."
"Ah, under budget?" I said. "Was it double coupon day? Hear that, Quinn? I get a deep discount gigolo."
Quinn giggled but stopped when her mother shot her a glare.
"Mom," Quinn asked, "did you ask to see this guy's dick beforehand?"
"Oh, my word!" Diana said, putting a hand to her forehead. "Must we discuss that?"
I blushed and bit my lower lip. I loved to see my mother squirm, but I was embarrassed too.
"Sorry, Aunt Diana," Quinn said. "I'm just looking out for my little sister here. I hope the mystery guy has a nice package."
Olivia huffed at her daughter. "What are you suggesting, Quinn? I am loyal to your father."
"I wasn't accusing you of anything. I was just asking, because obviously strippers show their junk on stage, and I'm sure escorts don't get into the business with small tools. So, what about this guy?"
I was going to give Quinn the biggest high-five ever after our moms left, because she was fricking awesome.
"As I said, I vetted him thoroughly," Olivia said. "His penis size is more than adequate."
"So, you saw it?" Quinn asked.
"Quinn, enough," Olivia said.
"It's a yes or no question."
"Yes, now, enough."
"Wow."
"It was very clinical," Olivia said.
"How so? Was it hard or soft? Was he a shower or a grower?"
"Quinn!"
"Do we have to continue this discussion?" Diana said.
"I'm sorry, but this is Ginny's ceremony," Quinn said. "Doesn't she have a right to know?"
"Quinn, you are creating drama," Olivia said. "I simply asked him to show me a picture. He showed it. That was the end of it."
"He just happened to have a picture of it?"
"He's a teenage boy. They all have pictures of their dicks on their phones."
"He's a teenager?" I spoke up. "So, he's 18 or 19?"
"Goddamn it!" Olivia said. "We are done with this subject."
"I quite agree," Diana said. "That is enough questions."
"Now back to the matter at hand," Olivia said. "Virginia, is my choice acceptable, knowing his inexperience? Keep in mind, if it is not, we'll have to roll the dice with an escort."
"Yes, he's acceptable," I said with a sigh. "Can I ask one more question though?"
"About the young man? No," Olivia said.
"No, about the ceremony," I said. "Can I kiss him?"
"His body, yes," Diana said. "And he will kiss yours."
"I meant his lips."
"Of course not," Diana said. "No kissing, and he will wear a mask."
"I'm going to kiss him," I said.
"You most certainly will not!" Diana said.
"Where is this coming from?" Olivia asked. "You know the rules."
"I know, and I think it's wrong that I can't even kiss him. I don't want to have sex with someone before I even kiss them."
"There is no kissing on the lips. It's too intimate," Diana said.
"But having a stranger's dick inside me isn't intimate?"
"Trust us, Virginia, it's not worth it," Olivia said. "We've seen what kissing during the ceremony does to young women." She and Diana shared a glance. "The very last thing you want is to have an emotional connection with him, or to confuse feelings with sexual experience."
"Exactly," Diana said. "This is about pleasure and sex education. Don't complicate it with feelings."
"I'm just saying, I might kiss him."
"We're telling you not to," Diana said.
"It's my ceremony."
"That's enough now," Diana said. "No kissing."
"Well," Olivia said with an exhale, "I think we're all squared away here. I know you're nervous, Virginia, but I assure you he will be kind and gentle and patient and most importantly, obedient. You're going to have a lot of fun. I promise."
"Fine," I said tiredly.
My mother stood up. "I have dinner plans with your father and some of his colleagues, so I must be off."
"Thanks for making the time to attend my ceremony tomorrow, Mother."
Diana put her hands on her hips. "Why must you take any opportunity to insinuate I am an absent parent?"
"I didn't," I said. "Maybe that's your guilty conscience."
"Look around you, Virginia," Diana said. "No mother has given her daughter more."
I rolled my eyes but didn't say anything.
"Oh, goodness, that reminds me," Olivia said, standing, "Ophelia won't be able to attend your ceremony after all. She said she would call you."
"She did this morning," I said. "She said she's busy at work and couldn't get a flight out of London."
"I hope you won't be too disappointed. Our European branches are still dealing with a recall. Duclark's reputation is on the line."
"Grandma owns the company. She can't pull some strings to give Ophelia a few days off?"
"It's not a matter of time off. It's about responsibility. When you join the company one day, you'll understand your responsibility to the family as well."
"It's fine. One less person to watch the hound pound," I said.
My mother scoffed and shook her head.
Olivia smirked at me. "Sometimes, dear, it is liberating to let the bitch off the leash for one night. Tomorrow is your night. It will change your life. I promise."
After they were gone, Quinn and I got into our pajamas and went into veg mode to decompress from our parents in our space. We shared some ice cream, lying on the couch together and watching some trash TV.
"Channing 2 seems nice," Quinn said.
"We'll see if he fits the name," I said with my head in her lap.
"How's your excitement level now, higher, lower?"
I rolled over so I could look up at her. "A little higher, actually. I'm relieved my guy's inexperienced."
"You probably won't enjoy it as much though. He'll cum five minutes after meeting you and then it'll be awkward."
I shrugged. "Guess the evening will end early then."
"You're not actually going to kiss him, are you?"
"I am," I said.
"You really want some wrath, don't you?"
"Kinda, yeah."
Quinn and I hung out for the rest of the evening and soon went to our separate bedrooms to get some sleep. In the morning, she woke me up with a party horn and blew some confetti in my face. It was cute. She made me breakfast too and sang, "Happy Ceremony to you." Throughout the whole day, I kept thinking about what was going to happen to me. My anxiety was building.
Around 6:00pm, I sat at the vanity in my bedroom, brushing my cheeks with blush. I smiled big, checking my teeth, applying my light pink lipstick, carefully checking it, turning my face from side to side. I cleaned a few stray pieces of gunk from my long lashes and checked my eye shadow. I fluffed my hair. I took a deep breath. I was as pretty as I was going to get.
Quinn came in, her makeup looking on point, her cheeks and lips purple and red. She held up two different dresses, a long purple one that covered everything, and a short sexy black one.
"I can't wear the black one?"
"Purple!" I whined. "You're not allowed to look prettier than me!"
"Fine, fine."
She left to change. I changed out of my t-shirt and shorts, as well as my panties and bra. I slipped on a brand-new pair of lacy baby blue panties and a matching bra that was sheer. Then I slipped on a pair of long black stay-up stockings that clung to my thighs. I wore my new blue dress, which came down to my thighs, just past my stockings. It had the effect of showing a sexy hint of thigh skin whenever I sat or stretched. I tied the lacy fabric belt around my waist and buttoned the three buttons on the V neck. I looked in the mirror. I unbuttoned them again and opened the fabric, showing my cleavage.
"Oh, wow!" Quinn said from the door, now in her ugly purple dress. "You're beautiful."
"Really?" I asked, looking in the mirror again. "I don't feel pretty."
"Oh stop, you're gorgeous. You're a queen. Even if I wore my black dress, you're still prettier than me, so I seriously resent wearing this thing."
She went to my jewelry box and took out the gift she'd given me on my birthday, a new sapphire necklace, and an old pair of sapphire earrings that were a close match. I stuck the earrings in while she slipped on the necklace.
"You look really amazing," Quinn said. "Queen Virginia."
"I don't know why I'm trying so hard," I said, looking at Quinn in the mirror. "I'm just going to have to take my clothes off so he can screw me."
"Would you stop the pessimism? It's your ceremony day. Act a little happy. And you're in control tonight. You take off the clothes when you want."
"I don't want to take my clothes off," I said. "I want to be with a guy who undresses me slowly, first with his eyes, then with his hands, who is passionate, who is all over me."
"So, tell the guy to take off your clothes slowly."
"Ugh, you don't get it."
"Hey, I get it. I of all people get it."
"I'm sorry. I know. I'm just so nervous."
"It's fine. Remember, you're in control. Everything that happens tonight is up to you."
I took a breath as I looked in the mirror. "Okay. I'm in control. I'm the queen."
"You're the queen. He's nothing but a worker bee, buzzing around to please you."
"Yes, okay," I said, psyching myself up.
My phone rang, and Quinn grabbed it. "It's the car service." She answered it. "Hello? Yup. We'll be down in five. Okay, thanks." She hung up. "Ready?"
I held my breath. "Ready to face the music. Ready to face the dick."
"Let's go, Queen," Quinn said. "Buzz buzz."
"Buzz buzz," I echoed.
Together, we buzzed out of our apartment and found the driver double-parked outside. My mother had rented a suite at The Plaza. We arrived soon enough, and Quinn and I headed inside through the doors, the floor shiny under our feet. I hated places like this. I always felt uncomfortable, like others were judging me, sizing me up, trying to determine my wealth from a glance. I would never mention such a thing to Quinn though, because she would have only said, "Flaunt it."
After speaking to the concierge, a bellboy escorted us up the elevator and down the hall to a room with double doors. He opened it and held it for us. We walked in and the door closed behind us. I looked around. Everything was highlighted with gold trim, from the bright plush red chairs, to the velvety sofa, to the satin curtains, even the feet on the tables and chairs were plated gold, all ornately carved antiques.
"You're late," Diana said as we came in.
"'Welcome, sweetheart,' would have sounded so much better, Mother," I said, putting my purse down on the table near to the door, along with my backpack. Quinn and I had brought a change of clothes for later.
Diana's expression softened. "Welcome, sweetheart. It's your big night."
"There's my grandbaby," my grandmother, Nancy said, coming over and hugging me.
"Hi, Nana," I said, hugging her.
"Your dress is beautiful," Nana said.
"Thank you. Quinn and I went to a dozen places. I wanted to looked nice."
"It's a little promiscuous," Diana said. "You should have dressed more conservatively, like Quinn. She's fashionable and sensible."
"Oh, hush, Diana," Nana said. "Your daughter is a goddess today. Treat her like one."
My mother closed her mouth, and I absolutely reveled in those moments when Nana shut my mother down. She was the only one who could.
"Are you ready for tonight?" Nana continued. "You must be so excited to become a woman."
"Thrilled," I said. "And here I thought I already was one."
Nana laughed. "You'll know what it means to be a woman by the end of the night, I promise."
Even though I adored my grandma, I really loathed the idea that she was going to see me entirely naked, getting bent over with some guy's dick stuck up inside me. I fought with my mother enough that I took some joy in the discomfort it would cause her, but Nana was another matter. I suppose she wanted to see this though. After all, I remember vividly how she had clapped for Quinn and Ophelia the moment they'd been penetrated. I'm sure I'd get applause too.
"Thanks, Grandma."
"Have some hors d'oeuvres," my mother said.
"I'm not hungry," I said.
"Are those scallops?" Quinn said, drooling with a glance at the food table. "Remember last year, I wanted scallops and they were out?"
Nana joined her. "Try some mussels. They're a natural aphrodisiac, you know."
"Ginny will need a tray of those," Quinn said.
Nana laughed. "Any new boys in your life, dear?"
"Well, there is one guy I kinda like," Quinn was saying.
"So," I said to my mother, "where's Aunt Olivia? And where's my date? I thought I'd be on all fours by now."
"Must you be so flippant?" my mother said.
"It's how I deal with stress, and I'm very flippant right now."
"This is a joyous moment. Your aunt is in the second bedroom preparing the young man."
"You met him? What do you think?"
"I'm sure he will be more than adequate for your first time."
"Ah, high praise," I said. "Can I have a minute alone before he comes out? I want to sit down and breathe and throw up."
"By all means." My mother motioned to the bedroom doors. "Take a moment to see the bedroom."
I headed toward the master bedroom. The doors were already open. Once I was in, I turned and closed them, and then I looked around. The chairs had already been set up around the bed, ready for the viewing. So, this is where I was going to lose my virginity. It was a big, beautiful bed, with tall wooden spires on the corners. I sat on the edge of it. I really did feel nauseous.
"...psst, psst..."
I glanced to my left. Nothing. I glanced to my right. Nothing.
"...psst, psst..."
Up from the bed, I saw a vent near the ceiling. Someone was talking. I grabbed one of the chairs, brought it over, stood on it, and focused my hearing.
"...promise I'm ready," said one voice. It was far away, but I was reasonably sure it was a man. Was it the man who would soon be between my legs?
"Good... will perform.... last longer," said my aunt.
"Don't need..."
"Take... go home."
"...right."
"Remem... follow... structions."
"Course... when... whatever... give her... night of her life."
"If you... and make... cum... will be happy."
After that, I couldn't hear well. They had moved off or were speaking softer. I climbed down and moved the chair back, sitting in it.
My heart was still thumping. That was him, talking to my aunt. I'd heard his voice, sort of. So, he could speak, just not to me. I remembered how silent and intimidating Channing had been last year. I hoped this man felt warmer.
The longer I thought of it, the more relieved I was to hear him speak. I didn't know why, but I felt I needed to have some sort of connection with him. I had to feel something, anything, some kind of chemistry. I couldn't have sex with a stranger.
The door opened. My mother was there with my aunt.
"Hi, sweetheart," Aunt Olivia said. "Are you ready?"
I took a breath. "Yes. So, what now?"
"Do you want to meet him?" Olivia asked.
"You can't put it off forever," Diana said.
"All right. Can I meet him in the front room? I'm not ready to be in the bedroom with him just yet."
"Of course," Olivia said. "It's your night. Take your time."
"Thank you," I said.
"Let's go, sweetheart," Diana said.
I came out to the living room, expecting to see a man there, but there was no one. "Where is he?"
"I'll get him. It's finally time," my aunt said, hurrying off.
"Come here," Quinn said. "Quick, turn around."
"Why?"
"Power play," Quinn said. "Don't wait for him to approach you. Turn around and face him on your time."
I gave her a confused look, but she grasped my shoulders and turned me around. I was looking at my grandmother and mother, who were watching Aunt Olivia over my shoulder. I could hear her coming now, two sets of footsteps behind me. My heart was hammering so hard it was hurting in my chest. Why did I let Quinn turn me around like this?
"Allow me to introduce," Aunt Olivia said, "the queen of the evening, our beloved little flower, Virginia."
I took a deep breath and turned around, guided by Quinn's hands. In front of me I finally saw him, dressed in a tuxedo with a black bowtie. I met his eyes. His face was obscured by a black mask that went down his nose and was high on his forehead. His hair was brown and wavy, a few strands falling over his black mask. He was smiling big, showing his white teeth. His figure was nice, slim and tall. For my show, he put one hand under his waist and bowed to me.
"Oh," Olivia said. "I didn't tell him to do that. Very smart."
As he stood back up, he was still smiling. I could see he was breathing quickly. He was nervous too. I wondered if he liked me, thought I was pretty, if he wanted to run out of the room and forget the paycheck.
Of course, he hadn't said a word. I realized I was waiting for him to greet me, but that wasn't going to happen. He was mute for the night, and those ghostly whispers through the vent were all I was going to get.
"Nice to meet you," I said, giving half a smile. "You can call me Ginny... if you could call me anything." I gave an awkward laugh. Quinn threw me a chuckle so I wouldn't feel foolish.
"Well," Nana said, "whatever shall we name this mystery man?"
"Channing Part 2," Quinn said.
"Quinn," I said, feeling embarrassed.
"He looks like a James Dean," my grandmother said.
"You say that about every young man, Mother," Olivia said.
"Maybe call him Zorro with that silly mask," Quinn said with a chuckle.
"I think he looks like a Jerry," my mother said.
"Maybe a Mark," Olivia said, "or a David."
"I think he's a Beau," I said, staring at his beautiful brown eyes.
"Oh?" Olivia said, raising an eyebrow.
"Why is that?" my mother asked.
I stepped forward, brazenly touching his bowtie. I straightened it, keeping my eyes on him.
"Because he's my boyfriend for the night, and you dressed him up in a ridiculous tux with a cute bowtie, so Beau it is."
"I don't like it," my mother said. "How about Justin? You had that singer's poster on your wall when you were little."
"Mother," I said, blushing. "I like Beau." I stared at him. "What about you, do you like it?"
I knew it wasn't exactly good etiquette at these ceremonies to ask the "stud" a question. He seemed confused. He even pointed at himself.
I laughed shyly. "Yes, you. Do you like it?"
He gave a thumbs up.
"Do not respond to her," Olivia said to Beau. "And, you, no questions for the stud, only orders."
"All right, that's done then," my mother said. "Mother, would you like to say the ceremony prayer?"
"Oh, dear, she's your daughter," Nana said. "It's your duty."
"Very well. Everyone, come together."
I hated this part. It was so embarrassing. I stood close to Beau, feeling awkward, our eyes on each other. When I inhaled, I could smell his cologne. He did smell nice. I was still so very nervous of what he was going to do to me.
My mother stood on my right, next to Olivia, and my grandmother on my left, with Quinn. The four women joined hands, with Beau and me in the circle.
"Oh, my, these virgin ceremonies get smaller every time," Nana said. "When I was 18, there were a dozen in the circle. Those were the days."
Diana cleared her throat, raising her head. "Tonight, we gather to witness this maiden's path to womanhood."
"Sha-rah!" all four said.
Beau was startled. His eyes glanced around before they came back to me. I gave him a smile and tilted my head. He was kind of cute.
"Who here will witness this maiden's journey? Speak your name and be heard, so says I, Diana Duclark, mother of the maiden."
"I will witness. I am Nancy Duclark, grandmother of the maiden."
"I will witness. I am Olivia Duclark, mother's sister of the maiden."
"I will witness. I am Quinn Duclark, cousin of the maiden."
"Sha-rah!" all four said.
"Maiden," my mother said, "speak your name and state your intention to grow into a woman this night."
I lifted my chin, keeping my eyes on Beau. I could only imagine what he thought of us, that we were a nutcase cult or something. I felt that way about my family sometimes too. "I am Virginia Duclark, and tonight I will become a woman through this man's loins. I accept this man, and I thank him for the strength he will give me tonight, and I thank my family for providing him."
"Sha-rah!" all four said.
"Does anyone in the circle, including this man, object to this pairing? Speak now or let your silence be your consent," Diana said.
All five of us stared at Beau. His eyes glanced around but he did not speak.
"Sha-rah!" all four said after a moment.
"Virginia Duclark," my mother said, "we turn this man over to you, so that you may grow from the experience and your womanhood may blossom. Let the ceremony begin."
"Sha-rah!" everyone said one more time. Their hands broke apart.
I gulped. It was time.