We walk down the road, sun blazing overhead, wind caressing our skin. Each little gust pulls at your sundress and you look up and smile at me. As we walk I lean down and kiss you, then flick your nose as you give me that 'Do you mind, I'm trying to walk here' look. We smile and laugh as we crest the dune to the beach. The sharp white sand stretches for miles, bounded by a crisp blue see and soft green dunes. The beach in front of us is speckled with dots of colour, those few already on their holidays like us. We walk down the beach away from the crowd, along to where the cresting waves of dunes are at their most majestic. Far, far from the crowds.
You surprise me by walking up and over a dune. We throw down our towels between two peaks, shaded from the breeze but still in the suns warm glow. You turn to me as I suggest a cooling dip but as you let the dress fall I see you've forgotten your bikini. The idea that you had been like this since this morning drives me wild. I caress your neck with my lips as the sun caresses your body with its warmth. You pull me down onto the towels, shielded from view and my lips begin to work their way down. As the wind kisses the top of the soft white dunes in which we lay I kiss your soft white breast as you respond to my touch. My hands run up your thighs as yours rake across my chest. Your hands continue down to my tightening trunks as you giggle in pleasure from my continued attentions. I raise up slightly to kiss your neck again and to allow you to tug down my trunks a little more. My hand strokes up and down your thigh, up and down, up and across to your warm and dripping sex. You've been thinking about this for a while.
As my kisses get more passionate, my hand runs back and forth, gently pushing down as small moans of pleasure escape your lips. Your body glows in the sunlight both from the heat and your heat. My fingers begin to tease your lips apart as my palm inflames your passions. Gently one then two fingers slide in, stroking, probing, exploring. You gasp then growl with primal pleasure as I hit the spot. You can feel my grin of delight as you pull me in for a long, deep kiss. Your guttural groans echo in my chest as we pull tighter and my hand gets faster. You break our kiss and move to my neck and up to my ear. I already know what you are going to say and I release a little moan in anticipation. As you whisper to me I slide into you and we moan in delight.
As I start to trust, you roll us over, deep in our kiss with your hands digging into my chest you begin to ride. Our moans reverberate between the dunes as the wind whips away our voices into the sea. Our pace quickens as we bury our lips in each other's necks. My hands caress your beasts and squeeze your buttocks as you claw my back and chest. The waves crash into the sands in time with our waves of pleasure, the wind begins to build as we work our way closer. We build to a triumphant crescendo as we crest the waves of pleasure, our moans singing in the wind. I can feel each ripple of your orgasm around my cock and running up my chest to meet the deep lusting groans emanating from you delicious lips. You can feel pulse of my cock inside you, each warm squirt and every twitch as I writhed in pleasure. We lay bathed in the summer sun, still moaning gently in post-orgasmic bliss.
After a long while, we sneak back over the dune and dash the short stretch to the ocean. We dive in and as the cool water laps away at our hot bodies, we hold each other. I look deep into your eyes and kiss you. We play in the water for an eternity, enjoying the cool waters and each other's bodies, delighting in the play of warm summer light off cool damp skin.
As the day begins to ebb we walk back to our clothes, I wrap a towel round and give you one more long kiss before we pack up and head back. As we walk back past the beach I grin at the sundress, flowing in the wind.
We get back to our little holiday cottage in the late afternoon. We walk through the gate and past the high walls, our own little world on the Norfolk coast. As we walk up the garden path I play with the strap of your dress, you push me away and as we get to the door I gently pull you into a loving embrace. As I cook us a meal you change out of your dress and lounge in the ebbing sun.
As we sit munching a delicious chorizo and tomato pasta, I run my foot up and down your leg. We chat and I fix us some drinks. We lounge in the sun as we talk and I move to massage your sore feet. I start to massage up your legs, caressing each muscle as I slowly move up and down each leg. You turn over on the lounger and I begin to massage your back with slow firm strokes. After a while I lean in and kiss your neck. You give a little hum of enjoyment and I keep kissing your neck as I continue to message your back.
I turn you over, hold you close and kiss you. My hand moves up your back and into your hair while my kisses work their way down. My kisses reach your beautiful breasts and my lips fondle your nipples. I delight as each one betrays their reaction to my touch, as each firms between my lips. You moan softly into my ear as your legs wrap round me. My kisses move down from your supple breasts, along your soft belly and on to the hem of your mound. I kiss your lips as I play with your hair and you growl in frustrated delight. I play with your body for a few minutes more as I kiss, stroke and caress your beautiful body over and over. Finally you can't stand it and longer. Your hand climbs up my neck and into my hair and you force my head down, planting your legs on my back. With your body arching in pleasure my tongue gets to work on your clit while my hands ride up your thighs. I slip my hand under and into you. This time my fingers move straight to the spot, they don't start soft, they push and prod as each movement makes your whole body buck with pleasure. Your moans, your movements, each and every judder of your orgasm rock through my lips, through my arms and down my back. I suck and kiss with a hungry desire as your pleasure peaks and rides and peaks again. You feel like the waves of pleasure will go on forever as again and again they wash over you. But sadly they begin to subside, you gently fall back into the lounger releasing me from your grip. As you slip into your blissful stupor I stand and walk round to kiss you. You see how much I've enjoyed teasing you and pleasing you.
I pick you up from the lounger and carry you inside climbing the stairs to the master bedroom. I lay you down on the bed, drop my trunks and climb onto the bed with you. I pull you close for a kiss and move your legs apart. You grab my cock and say "Oh after all that teasing you don't think it'll be that easy". I groan in tortuous delight. You squeeze gently as you run your hand up and down my rigid member. As your hand reaches the top your thumb circles my glands before running down again. Each slow stroke makes my whole body shudder, I cling to you and moan into your ear. I hungrily kiss your neck and arch my body towards you in obvious desire. You smile and look deep into my eyes. We kiss more passionately then we had ever before as you edge me with each stroke, each squeeze and each roll of your hand. My hands caressed your thighs, your back and your chest in a desperate attempt at release. Finally you pull me over, push me down on to the bed and crawl round. You place you still dripping love in my mouth as your lips stroke the tip. You run your tongue up the length of my shaft and over my glands before sinking down again. My lips and tongue hungrily get to work on your love.
Kissing, sucking, licking and writhing in desperate pleasure as you tease me further and further. You slow as I get close but I just keep getting faster. You feel yourself building from my manic attention as I moan deep within you. You had only meant to tease me a while but now you want to finish again. As you are getting close you pull away then mount me. You hands back on my chest you begin riding hard. We climax together almost instantly. Feet curling, Body pulsing, eyes clamped shut as we moan and groan out our orgasms. You fall down to my chest as we're still convulsing in our orgasmic bliss. I keep trusting as you keep riding. Between moans you mouth is devouring my clavicle while mine is doing the same to your neck. Again and again we ride waves of pleasure, feeling each twitch and moan of the others pleasure driving us on to more of our own. Finally with our chests heaving and our minds swimming in a ocean of bliss we collapse together. We fall asleep like that holding each other and with me still inside you.
The rising sun streamed through the open window and roused you from you deep slumber. As you get up you look around for some clothes but just see my long white top. You throw it on and walk over to the window to close the curtains. You stop by the window and gaze out. There's a gently patter of rain. As you lean on the window sill watching the rising sun and falling rain I stir and look over at you. I see the silhouette of your naked body etched through my top. I get up and lean over you. As I surprise you with a kiss I say "Good morning"