Nigkala Tales Pt. 34: Life as a Valkyrie
How did I get to be a viking?
I was expecting the kids to leave home soon after they reached their eighteenth birthday. In the intervening time, I had made some artifacts. One was a prototype magical battery that auto charges. I wanted to duplicate that aspect of Isis's ankh. Another artifact was a sand-pen. It looked like a giant pen, an inch in diameter, and ten inches long. The top twisted, and there were nine markings on ten clicks. The eight for sand painting, and one for pure sand, and the last for no sand. When you pressed the top in, colored sand came out the spout. I wound up giving that to Mato, so he would never run out again.
The last artifact was flat luggage. This was based on something Isis taught the kids about dimensional magic. It was complicated, and hard to pull off, let alone put in an item, but in the end, I had an inch thick hinged box that I could push things into. As something was pushed in, its thickness took less space in the box. While it had an area a little larger than a sheet of paper, it could hold over ten feet of material. The lid held two mechanical pencils, four containers of leads, two large erasers, and a pad of paper. Additionally, it was screened from magical detection, had an illusion of en empty box bottom when opened, and looked like a simple wood box to X-ray scanners and metal detectors. This allowed me to carry a lot more when I traveled, without having to worry about scanners, or needing more than a carry-on bag.
Our divine kids were in their senior year of high school. Each was making their plans for college. We had a big blowout at our place, and maybe fifty kids were there. Tammy had some of her catering staff over, with some large grills, and fancy food. Over a dozen parents were there, as well. We hung out near the food, and the living room. The rest of the main floor, and the lower floor was for the kids. A movie marathon was on in the theater, a DJ was in the gym, along with a snack bar. The backyard, in addition to the grills and pool, also had a volleyball net set up. I asked Mark, Angel, and Jewel to oversee the day, and I took the overnight shift. That way, those who wanted to party all night, could. There were also two rooms set up as sleeping areas.
The next day, was a cleanup day, but the four kids did the lion's share. We did find a fair amount of evidence of sexual activity in the maze, but none in the house. Once all was cleaned up, life returned to normal. The divine training still continued with visits to Death Valley at least one or two days a week. But rather than slow mini-dune buggies, we had dirt bikes set for sand travel. By this time, each of them was at least a black belt in the martial arts. They also knew how to use a number of weapons, old and new; including knives, guns, swords, bows, and more. Lastly, they learned to fight with and without magic. If they used their divine power, they would win, but only using magic, or only a little divine power, I would usually win due to experience and knowledge.
All that teaching also aided my own skill, since I now had partners I could battle spellsword style. I had a slight edge here, as I had learned to cast with virtual arms from my work playing Obsidian. At first, it was casting with the fake second arms, using the advanced controls for them. Later, I learned worked to cast without the prosthetic. I also paired them off against each other, so they could learn to fight different styles.
When they left for college, it was a lot quieter. I sent them each off with an enchanted pair of sunglasses. Isis had helped me create them. They appeared like regular sunglasses, but had the ability to change style, and also allowed targeted divination. Each parent had their own target for them. It essentially set the two sides to seem to be in the same room for conversation. We could see and hear each other. My idea was a variant of a phone, that allowed vision, and would work without being in a service area. With them heading off all over the world, it was simpler than travel. Finally, they came home after their first year. By this time, they were eighteen.
I had expected the other gods would want to have their second conference on the kids, but instead, Inanna just picked up the kids for god camp, as usual. When she brought them back, I asked, and she said that it would be next summer. Since I had not planned on having reliable access to the kids for the rest of the summer, I had to make some plans.
I spoke with Mark, Angel, Jewel, and Filipe, and we came to an agreement that I would teach them all about sex. Angel and Jewel would assist, and Mark and Filipe would help by being practice partners. Over the next few weeks, we taught them a lot. More about the practical side, and less about the biological side. No one was surprised that they had lost their virginity to each other years ago. Nor were we surprised the girls no longer wore underwear. What did surprise us was Darius, and his control. Long ago, I taught him to control his penises, so he could pee out only one penis. This let him appear like other boys at school. His applied his lessons, and now he could allow an erection in each penis independently. He could even come at different times, and usually did, when he had threesomes.
Our advice for the second year of college was for them to seek out knowledge related to their unique powers. I explained that having such knowledge meant more efficient magic, as well as more creative and subtle magic. It also meant you could do more about the edges because you could finesse it with your detailed knowledge. To show this, I explained how I studied weather to help with the power I got from An. I also encouraged them to be well involved socially. I knew their grades would be near the top, as they had been all their lives, but I told them that it was the social interactions that would make them welcome in any crowd. Sports is a good mixer, but so are clubs and associations.
Quite often, when they contacted us to chat, they told us of their sex lives, and the sexual antics of their friends. I suspect our being priestesses of Inanna made them more comfortable talking about sex. None of us worried if they were naked when the sunglasses were in use. And everyone was quite active sexually, yet none seemed to be all that romantically interested in their classmates. Layla and Darius decided to get into sports, and Inanna said such often happened to young gods. Cleopatra and Mona went for more cerebral pursuits.
While they were gone, Isis continued exploring the preset form of the cult of Isis. She even joined a local chapter, and subtly changed things to be more in line with what she is. One change was a more open acceptance of sexuality. While still limited to your mate, it was more open to showing off your body. Osiris spent a lot of time at a local agricultural school to learn the local plants and animals, so he could advise about them. Last year was mostly observations, but this year, he was proposing small changes at first, and as they continued to prove out, he made larger suggestions, and gained some rep at the school. He also would swim in the nude if it was just family about.
My own task was to secure the valley again for next summer, as that was when the gods were to meet. By this time, I had learned to magically create many materials. A big one I had worked on was fiberglass. This time, the tents would be flexible, and have curtains of fiberglass cloth. I also learned to make colored glass at will, but needed to cast while summoning the sand. And perhaps the greatest improvement, was wireless electricity. I created a magical extension cord where the two halves could be up to a mile apart. The last thing I bought was a heavy-duty generator that was silent, and could be buried except for a small stack for the air, fuel, and electrical connections. I buried one near the Pocket Industry, and fueled it up. The connections went to some breaker panels in a shed, one panel for each tent.
When it was time to set everything up, there was one more tent than last time. Each tent was made of fiberglass, and had everything they had before, as well as a refrigerator, a freezer, air conditioning, and fans. The Sumerian tent was next to my little tent, and on the other side was a tent for the kids. The others were up for grabs as before, and so was the furniture. I also cast a grand illusion, so that anyone outside the area, would only see the Pocket Industry. This included satellite scans. It also seemed to be a local rise in the sand level, like what hid Jiao-long's home.
Most of the contingents came at the appointed time. All the big ones from before did, but the miscellaneous crowd was a lot larger, so I made some a pair of tents outside the main ring. Angel and Jewel escorted all the current watchers here. Mark did a lot of food delivery and dish return, Filipe was in charge of food ordering. As before, Inanna was in charge of the meeting, while An was in charge of the Sumerian contingent. They even had two more priestesses of Inanna and one priest of An helping out.
Inanna called the meeting to order, and according to a schedule worked out ahead of time, the reports of the children's growth came first. While I thought I knew all that happened with them for the first few years, and most of the rest, it was surprising what I didn't see, and even more surprising what they saw in our children. They even described what god camp truly was, but my limited human ability to understand meant I only got an idea of the complex things that occurred there. I did learn that it also included a lot of ethics, morals, and learning their desires. As they got older, it was clear they faced harder problems at god camp. It took nearly three days to cover the twenty years of their life.
The next step was a general discussion to their fate. Early on, Aja asked me, "Becky Sue Tate. Your children are of age to choose for themselves. Do you surrender your role as protector?"
I stood and addressed them, saying, "I shall be their mother until the end of time, and will desire to protect them. However, as you say, it is time for them to be on their own. I will no longer be the unswerving protector I have been, but now I shall be one willing to aid and advise them. I hope to be a friend and ally. I speak for the rest of us mortal parents in saying we all feel this way."
"If they ask, would you fight us, knowing it to be futile?"
"I might, but I would be far more inclined to seek a solution that did not need fighting."
"Powers, she is a true mother. The time of protection is over, and the time of their being on their own has come, yet she still feels the pull of the mother." She then looked at the other four parents, and asked, "Do you feel this pull, as well?"
Startled, it took a few moments, but then Filipe stood and walked to my side, and said, "I feel the pull of the father." He then bowed, and returned to his seat. Mark, Angel, and Jewel had similar statements, given in the same manner.
Aja spoke, "It is clear their parents provided good role models. Her insistence at having the watchers participate has also proved a sound desire, as it let us help shape the children. I say they should live."
That was the last Aja asked any of us mortals. Sometimes one or more of us were asked questions, and the kids also had their share of questions. When An spoke, all he said was, "I have spent enough time with them to be satisfied with their development. Likewise, Inanna is also satisfied with their development. We say they should live, and would be happy to accept them into our tent."
An was one of several to speak and offer a home for the children. But it was the Celestial Emperor, who spoke last, and startled everyone. He spoke by way of Lord Monkey, who stood at his side. "We, too, are satisfied with their development, but feel they need continued guidance. Two decades is far too short a time to develop a divine personality. A century may not be enough. We agree they need continued guidance from senior deities. Our realm is diverse, and well suited to finding a good match for a mentor, we must recall these children are no longer under someone else's command, and have their own opinions."
Monkey then said, "Cleopatra, Layla, Darius, and Mona. Please stand forth and declare to all your thoughts."
As they stood, I could tell there was a sudden discussion going on telepathically. A few moments later, they stood as one, and went out a little from their tent. Cleopatra took a step forward, and said, "I am Cleopatra. Eldest by seconds. In this, I speak for us all. We see the wisdom of continuing our training within a pantheon. However, the one we would desire has not yet spoken." She then stepped back.
This elicited several gasps, generally among the lesser divinities. Lord Monkey waited a moment, before a brief word from the Celestial Emperor caused him to speak. "There are no other pantheons represented here. Are you sure there is one who can speak?"
Suddenly, the front wall of their tent parted, and out came Isis and Osiris. Osiris had removed his disguise, and was dressed as a pharaoh. Isis was levitating a foot off the ground, with feathers on full display. I could tell she was also levitating Osiris beside her. There was absolute silence, as everyone was in shock at seeing these two living and not dead. It only lasted a minute, before chaos erupted.
Inanna let it go for a few minutes, and then called the assembly to order by having An create a series of lightning bolts that hit the center of the area. The bright flash and loud thunder got everyone's attention, and he stopped after the fourth.
"Powers, I can attest that this Isis, at least, is the true Isis of old, and that she did not die. Becky Sue woke her from her eternal sleep accidentally, and I almost lost my priestess. But Isis was alone, and returned to sleep, but in such a way, I thought she died, again. Later, I learned she lived, for Becky Sue found her hiding place. Again, an accident. In yet another accident, Becky Sue discovered the final missing piece of Osiris, and my three ladies got pregnant. Given what I see now, I think Becky Sue hid some things from me."
Isis spoke, "Indeed she did, but on my request. She learned she was carrying twin gods, and feared her limited form, as a human, was not up to the task of raising gods. She came to me, woke me, and asked for my help. For years I lived within her, seeing what she saw, experiencing what she experienced. When it was time to train or discipline the kids, I led, but through her, so it would be in modern terms."
She paused for a few moments, then continued, "When she came to me, she offered the last of my mate. I knew then that I could return him to life, but I would need my own body. This one was found, and I have remade it into my new body. My own great work began. It took years to complete, but when our children were ten, my plan was put in action. As you see, my mate is now with me, alive."
Osiris then spoke, "Isis and I rule our pantheon, and none of the others remain. We have looked. But now we have children, and our pantheon has a future. The children are our family, and we will defend our right to have them be with us, at least until they have shown a true longing to leave."
There was silence, then Aja spoke, "Cleopatra. Do you choose to be part of the Egyptian pantheon?"
She spoke, "Yes."
Aja waited a moment, then repeated the question to the other three. All agreed. "Powers, we came to decide their fate. It seems that it is not our call, today. The restoration of the Egyptian pantheon is a great shock, but any decision about that will need years of discussion, at the least. In the meantime, I am satisfied with the children's choice."
The next voice to speak was unexpected, especially as it came from the lesser tent. A rumble sounded, as a rock formation moved forward. Then came a gravelly voice, that I recognized as Everest, spoke, "I have heard nothing here against their choice, and much spoken about love and caring for those close. I, too, am satisfied." Then it stepped back with a rumble.
The shock didn't last as long, perhaps due to there being so many in rapid succession. Soon others spoke, and only three minor powers said anything against. Finally, Inanna spoke, "This council has come to a general consensus. They shall be part of the Egyptian pantheon, and that pantheon shall be considered active." She paused a minute to let that sink in, then said, "This council is now dismissed."
Unlike last time, there were three more days of socializing, with many meeting the children for the first time. Likewise, many spoke with Isis and Osiris. The current watchers took the time to pack, and left with their contingent. Each dropped off keys, and a letter or gift expressing their thanks. Jiao-long complimented me on my cover illusion.
On the third day, I was approached by one of the Norse contingent. "Hello, Becky Sue. Tales of your skill at battle have been noted by a certain someone. He would like you to join him on a minor campaign, so that you can show just how skilled you are."
"That sounds interesting. When, and how long would it last? If long, I would need to make arrangements here first."
"We could leave your place a week from today, and I would be surprised if it lasted more than two weeks."
"That sounds short enough. Tell me more about it."
"Well, there will be a bit of travel, but I can get you a horse. Also, you can't look too modern. This particular group likes to operate in very traditional equipment, so no guns or the like."
"I've encountered those who like to re-enact battles. What period do they use?"
"Somewhere about a thousand years ago. You don't have to be perfect, as you are obviously foreign, and would have equipment from foreign parts. But don't be too unique, as it would break the reality."
"I think I have a suitable outfit. A few minor adjustments, and proper equipment, and I'll be good to go."
"In that case, I'll see you in a week."
We took two days to unwind from all the stress. I planned what to bring for my trip, and discussed it with Filipe, Isis, and Osiris. We also talked about converting the watcher's place back into a home for Isis and Osiris. Likewise, they could have the vehicles that were left to me. They accepted, and soon a contractor was remodeling the interior, and would be done in a few months.
The next few days I packed, and discussed my upcoming adventure with our families. I chose to take the predator talisman, so I could have a mount, an attack companion, a scout, and an internal warrior at need. I was equipped with several weapons, including the great sword Inanna gave to me. My custom recurved bow had a two-hundred-fifty-pound draw, almost double other such bows. I had a quiver that held the longer arrows I used. I also had a large supply of obsidian and steel arrowheads. Two daggers hung from my belt, and I had several more in my pack. My armor was a duplicate of the armor I wore as Obsidian, but with only two arms, and I had chainmail to wear over it when needed. I also brought the flat box, as I could bring a lot more stuff in it. In addition to my emergency kit of a burn phone, cash in several common denominations, and a fair stock of precious gems, it had a fair number of outfits for many occasions. Since I might be roughing it, I had a large tent, a sturdy cot, and an extra large sleeping bag. Lastly, I had a round viking shield slung on my back.
The Norseman picked me up in an SUV, and we drove to the mountains. "There is a magical pathway here to another range near which the warriors are. Come follow me."
"Lead on."
He led the way, and made a number of path changes that could not be seen even a few feet away. As we walked, I sensed we were going through some form of extended portal, and I picked up some odd psychic and magical influences. When they stopped, I realized we were far away, as the sun was almost setting.
"We must wait for the morning to arrive. Let me provide some accommodations." With that, he started a series of spells - first a fire started, then a large tent appeared; next, food appeared cooking over the fire. By then, I had stopped noting what exactly he was doing, so I was surprised when he cast a spell that attacked my mind. If my mind had not been strengthened and protected by the gods, I would have succumbed without even knowing it. As it was, I was nearly stunned, and when I looked at him, he realized I was not under his control. He cast another, and stronger spell, and because I was already hampered, my effort to block it failed. I barely heard what he said next.
"It seems your mind is stronger that I thought. Soon, you shall be the instrument of my vengeance, and you won't even know who you really are, or that I am Loki..." I was unable to remember whatever he said next, as I was going unconscious.
I woke to the shaking of my shoulder. Opening my eyes, I saw a man, who said, "Ricci, wake up. Time to meet the troops."
"Great. I have been looking forward to this for weeks." I did have a half felt impression that we were speaking in a language I didn't know, and a distinct impression 'Ricci' was not my real name. But it was countered by the feeling that I went by many names. So, perhaps, it was just because I had not been using this name recently.
Late that morning, as we descended the mountain trail, we were challenged by a warrior who suddenly appeared. "Who goes there?"
As soon as we heard that, we also heard rustling nearby, indicating there were others nearby. My companion said, "I am Thorarin Sodsson, and I have the great warrior promised by Thor."
That made me feel good. I thought, "Not often the gods take an interest in you, but it does come with risk." Why did I think that? I mentally shook my head to clear it. Apparently, I had missed what was said, as we began following the warrior back to his camp.
"Captain Ironblood, a gift from Thor. The great warrior, Ricci Olafdottir." He then gestured for me to come forward.
"Captain!"
"You are a tall one. And your sword is huge. I look forward to seeing you fight." He called out to the camp, "Magnus!"
A few seconds later, a very young-looking man came forth, saying, "Captain?"
"Take this warrior, and get her settled. She is to be at the front. She has a bow, have Leif check her skill."
Magnus turned to me, and said, "Follow me, ma'am." He turned away and left. I hurried after.
Behind me, I heard Thorarin go with Captain Ironblood into his tent. I heard them saying, "Well, Ragnar, it seems our interests align once more."
"She better be good, as you owe me for the last time."
"She is. She has some magic, and a lot of sex. But she could probably take out this entire band by herself."
"Impossible. Several of my warriors are elite veterans."
"So is she. She has earned the title Dragon Warrior. Don't underestimate her, but use her well."
"Dragon Warrior, huh. Not many of them about. Not any, actually. This bears thought."
"Then break out some glasses. I brought a bottle of wine."
The conversation drifted off into a pair of old friends enjoying quiet companionship, and I lost interest. In the meantime, Magnus Diamondchin inquired how prepared I was for travel.
"While my pack may seem small, it holds a lot. Also, I have some skill at magic, that can aid me. Where can I set up my tent?"
He showed me where I could put my tent. I then cast a solid illusion, and my tent was there, fully set up and looking like the others, just taller.
"Whoa! That's useful. May I enter?"
"Sure."
He reached out and pulled the door open, and saw my bed was a thick mat with many covers that could easily hold two or three people. To one side was a desk and two chairs. On it, was a small lamp shedding sufficient light to easily see all within the tent. The other side held an armor rack, and another rack for my clothes.
"Nice. Why the huge bed?"
"I enjoy sex, but most people don't have beds large enough for me to be comfortable. This way, I can have sex anytime I desire."
"Do you often desire?"
"Daily. But I do know when not to desire, such as when danger or enemies are near. I don't think they are now, but it can change at any time. In the meantime, the captain wanted Lief to check out my shooting skills?"
"He's out hunting lunch for some of us, so he should be here soon."
"Then why not introduce me to the others?"
He did, and we got to know each other. An hour later, Lief returned, and Magnus introduced me to him, and relayed the captain's orders.
Lief said, "That's a fancy looking bow you have. You any good with it?" I just smiled. "Well, we'll see. Might I see it?"
"Sure." I took it from my shoulder, and handed it to him.
He took several minutes to examine it, and said, "This is well made, with quality wood, a silk bowstring, and excellent detailing." He then went to string the bow, and it took him a few minutes for him to give up. In that time, more and more people started to notice, and it got quieter. "A bow you can't string does no one any good."
I just held out my hand, and he returned the bow. Then I quickly strung it, and returned it, smiling.
"Woman, you are strong. This bow will shoot far. Might I take a few shots?"
"Let's let the cooks have room, and move away from the camp a bit, first."
"Of course." He moved away, and I followed. So did a small crowd. With the way clear, he took a few shots, clearly aiming for knotholes in some trees. Then he handed me the bow, and said, "Match that."
I pulled an arrow, and I was about to knock it, when he stopped me. "May I see that?" I handed him the arrow. He pulled one of his, and it was clearly shorter. "Longer, and thicker. That's gonna hurt someone." He then returned my arrow, and I shot. I followed it with several more, and showed my skill. Three of my arrows chipped the back of his arrows, and the fourth landed tight against the point. As we walked to see what happened, he exclaimed, "Skitr! Við hamri Þórs! I can't even do that." Once examining the hits, he said, "Those are in deep."
"Look over here."
He came around, and looked at the back of the tree. "That's your arrow's point. It almost went through the tree. It might go through two or three armed men if they line up. That's no mere hunting bow."
"Thank you."
By this time, lunch was ready, and Leif asked me to sit by him so he could learn more of my skill with the bow. I unstrung the bow, and placed it by my side. Many asked to see it, but I said, "Not with greasy hands. Once lunch is over, and you wash your hands, you can check it out." There was some grumbling, but Lief backed me up, and they listened to him.
As we sat, a woman, Inga, brought over three plates of food. She gave Leif one, then me one, and finally sat down next to me and began to eat. She listened at first, but soon she joined in, and it was clear they well respected each other. At one point, at a question from Leif, she indicated Ragnar had left before lunch.
Two days later, after another nine warriors arrived, we packed up and left. One warrior was brave enough to ask me to his tent. I countered, and said he could come to mine, instead, where there was more room. It was clear, by his cries, he wanted the others to know what he accomplished. And the next day, everyone knew I had four breasts.
We knew that we would be riding to our next camp, and they did not have many extra horses. In the early morning, I communed with the predator, and asked if it would be willing to be a mount for me. I got the impression that being a herbivore was not very interesting, until I pointed out that the herd's lead stallion was its protector. I also pointed out these horses were all likely combat trained. Lastly, I pointed out that it was a predator, and did not need my help to attack in battle. That brought interest. I did mention that it might well be a while before any battle, but it indicated it would serve. As word was passed to pack up, I entered the tent, and after packing up my stuff, I summoned the predator. I gave it an image of a powerful horse, the Destrier, and suggested, perhaps, a bit larger than the other horses here. It then appeared inside the tent. I then conjured a solid illusion of tackle, and holding its reins, I dismissed the tent illusion. I made several suggestions for a name, and it chose Smoke.
We traveled for three weeks, stopping for a day every few days to rest the horses and hunt food. Finally, our prey was spotted. It was a group of warriors, perhaps three times our size. We immediately backed away, and Leif and I scouted. It was clear our war band had not been spotted. The captain called a war council, and I was called upon.
"Ricci, what can you do for the band?"
"I can unleash a quiver full of arrows, and likely take down all I hit. A second quiver won't help, as the surprise will be over and they will take cover. Then I can ride Smoke into them, and lay about with my sword. Once we are still, I can dismount and battle and take down all in my way. Smoke will help keep my back safe."
"Impressive, and ambitious. We shall see just how good you are."
He called upon the other recent arrivals, and while they did not strive to match me, I saw they were skilled. The captain took this information, and his own experience, and created a plan for our attack. We would make a pre-dawn approach, and attack at dawn. I would take out the guards first, then any others that moved. When my quiver was empty, I would drop my bow, and mount my horse and charge for their line. Others had their own parts, and we went to bed early. I told the three who sought my bed that it was not available due to the morning plans. They turned away disappointed, but understanding.
Before dawn we dressed for war. I lay on a small enchantment to silence my chainmail, so I would not make noise as I moved. Leif and I had the highest points to snipe. Smoke was down the hill, ready and psyched for battle. I noticed his teeth were not the teeth of a plant eater, but a meat eater, including subtle fangs. Once in position, I opened my senses to see where everyone was, both us and them. I also looked to see if there was anything odd about. I did get a hint of watchfulness over the enemy camp, but not who was doing it.
Finally, the signal was given. It was an animal call that would normally occur at dusk. It would be familiar to them, thus not alerting them, unless they paid a lot more attention than is usual. I then tamped down my senses, as I did not want to feel them die. Then I proceeded to shoot. As agreed, I let Leif have the easy ones, and I took the harder ones. Twenty arrows later, I cast a spell to send my bow and empty quiver back to the tent I left standing from last night. That took but moments, so I then leapt down the hillside, and in a few steps, I descended nearly fifty feet. The last step was actually a bounce, and I used it to mount without climbing Smoke. He was ready, and as soon as I was secure, he leapt into action.
Apparently, Leif and I were better than expected, as the alarm did not sound until we were almost there. It was sounded because they found a slain warrior, not because they saw us. Ten of us led the way in, and even though the others had a head start, I was in the lead when we entered their camp. Those first few minutes were a slaughter. Nearly a third were cut down, before they finally rose to the occasion. A minute later, and I was as close to the enemy leaders as I could get, as they made a solid wall between me and the commander. Smoke and I agreed, and I stood on his back. He then gave a powerful buck, and I timed my own jump, and I went flying over that wall of flesh, and landed behind it, only ten feet away from their commander. I heard two give a prayer to Thor, but I gave it no heed.
Smoke then went into a frenzy, attacking and using those powerful teeth and hooves against the warriors in our way. He was getting cut up a fair bit now, but we had plans for that as well. While still in the air, the men of that wall realized where I would end up, and quickly moved to intervene. I just attacked. The three could not contain me, but they did delay me long enough for two others to join in. By that time, one had fallen, not dead, but down for the count. I could see there were some others nearby ready to jump in, when I took another out. That's when I felt a storm building quickly.
I shifted my style, gaining a temporary advantage, and so downed two in quick succession. Then they adapted, but just then, all heard thunder close by. I expected it would rain soon, but I had fought wet before. I just continued wearing them down. When I downed yet another, and there was none to fill in right away, I thought I could take advantage. But just then, I was struck by lightning. I was startled for a moment, and one managed to graze me. I could still feel the power within me, so I released it out at the one in front of me. Many were dazed, but the one I zapped died. With another down, I concentrated on the three on me.
I was again hit by lightning. I stopped a moment, and looked up, and saw Thor in the sky, closing. From the corner of my eye, I saw someone try to attack while I wasn't looking. By then, I knew my opponents. I didn't even turn to see, when I struck him down with my sword. That's why I knew Thor was directing his bolts at me, for he sent several in a row. I decided it was time to disengage, but they wouldn't let me. So instead, I just defended, and when I could, I sent the power back into the sky with my other hand. I did cry out, "I am in the wrong, and am no longer attacking." I also called Smoke to return to the talisman, removing him from the battle as well.
When they saw I no longer was aggressive, they backed off a bit. I did not pursue, and when they got far enough away, I put my sword back in its scabbard. Then I started calling out, "Cease attacking. We are in the wrong." I didn't know if it would help, but apparently Leif, and Inga heard me and believed. They were allowed to disengage.
By now Thor was only fifty feet up, and he called down, "Captain, surrender. You have lost."
The captain cursed him for interfering in his glory. So Thor sent a bolt to hit him, but it missed. It missed because it turned in the air and raced into me, surprising the three of us.
"What manner of devilry is this?" I shrugged, indicating I didn't know.
The captain, however, realized what almost happened, and chose to surrender. He was quickly tied up, as were most of the band, but the three of us were only watched. Soon, wounds were tended, and I, too, helped out. I wasn't quite trusted, but was allowed to tend to the captain's band. Later, it was learned that those I tended got well faster, and they all had surprisingly clean bandages. This was because I knew some healing magic, and also magic to create fresh bandages.
Afterwards, Leif, Inga, myself, and several of their people went to our camp to fetch our stuff, and to loot the rest for them and their prisoners. Upon my return, I was told to see Svend Thundershield. I found him with Thor, and it was the latter who had the most questions for me.
"Ricci Olafdottir, you are quite exceptional. Others have stated you earned the title Dragon Warrior. It is clear this is true. And like a dragon, your strength is great. We have also learned of your skill at the bow, at our cost. You also possess magic, and withstood several of my hammer's bolts without apparent effect. Tell me, are you human?"
"As far as I know, I am."
"How then, can you do these things?"
"I used magic on myself, as protections, but I don't know why your bolt towards Captain Ironblood went astray. Yet, it seems like it has happened to me before, but I cannot remember. Nor do I remember learning to fight, and to use magic, which I surely did."
"Why did you stop fighting when I arrived? It is clear you were not afraid."
"I was brought to Captain Ironblood by Thorarin Sodsson, and he claimed I was your gift to him. To see I was on the side you defended against, was to know that I had been duped. For those I have killed this day in error, I apologize, and would mourn with you, if you would allow."
This surprised them, then Svend asked, "You would mourn them, even though they are strangers you slew?"
"Yes. In the ceremony, I would ask their forgiveness, but not expect it. I would also sing of their glory facing a great foe."
Thor seemed moved by this, and said, "Your heart is true. You have committed a wrong, but now, understanding, seek to lessen it. You are indeed a great warrior, for you fight in the battle of the soul, as well."
There were many other questions, but eventually, I was allowed to wander, watched by one of theirs, but unhindered, and with my weapons. I found a place out of the way, but in plain sight, and sat on the ground and began to meditate. I opened my mental senses, and tried to get an understanding of each of those I had killed. It was not easy piecing the memories together, but I got a partial picture of who each was. At dinner, I was given food, but it did not disturb my meditation.
At dusk, I heard heavy boots approach from behind, then a voice, "What are your thoughts, woman? You have been still for hours."
I recognized it was Thor. Without turning, I said, "I have been listening to the voices for the dead, seeking to know who it was I killed. I do not want a nameless burden, but rather, I would know the man, or woman, I wronged. I now know their names, and something about them. I may yet learn more, but such knowledge is long in coming."
Just then, I heard and felt a thud to my side. Looking over, I saw Mjolnir, with its handle straight up. Looking further back, I saw Thor watching me.
"Try lifting it. I am curious as to your sincerity."
I got up, then stood over it, and using only one hand, tried to lift it as though it was only as heavy as it looked. I was surprised when it wobbled, but not that I could not lift it.
"Use all your strength."
"If you wish, but I know of this weapon's affinity for those worthy. That it moved for me, means there is hope. But mere strength won't make it move for one not worthy."
He stood silent, as we stood facing each other, with the hammer between us. Finally, he raised his hand, and it came to him. "You are wise, and humble. I expected you to use your considerable strength to try, yet you did not. That property is well known, yet few truly believe it."
He was silent for a while, and it was clear he had something on his mind. Eventually, he spoke again. "Earlier today, I studied you. Not your physical form, but your spirit. I found something unexpected. There is a subtle hint of dragon about you, as well as a hint of the divine. I think you may be more than a mere human. That dragon about you tells me you once had a stronger connection to dragons. You do not get that in a few hours, or even days. Yet you remember none of it."
"Your questioning of me earlier told me I should have had certain memories, yet I don't. In part, my meditation was to clear my head to help me recall, but I have failed."
"You may not be at fault. In questioning Captain Ironblood, I learned he knew my brother, and worked with or for him. That Sodsson made such a brief appearance, makes me suspect he could have been Loki. It would fit his style. But he also has been known to influence others. He may be behind you loss of memory. I have seen you use your sword, so I know how strong you are. But I did not see you use your bow. From what the others said, a number of bloody arrows were found beyond warriors that died with holes clean through. Might I examine your bow?"
I pulled it off my shoulder, and handed it to him. It was clear, that even though he did not carry one himself, he was knowledgeable. When he went to string it, it took him a second try, as it was stronger than he expected. I then handed him one of my arrows.
"I see your arrows are designed for the bow." He then drew the arrow, pointing down, to see the draw. "Indeed, this explains it. Your arrow goes so fast, and it so heavy, no wonder it goes through an armored man or two. If your prey lines up, you can kill more than one with a single shot. I want to know how you became so good, but you don't remember. Then there is the magic. It is clear you have had it a long time, for your spells seem done without needing thought. And the results are so complicated. Tell me, what kind of magic do you know?"
"There is a nation far to the south. Egypt. I have learned some of that magic. Further south, I learned an older magic of creation. It was that I used to make the bandages. To the northeast of Egypt is another area, now known as Babylon. I know some from there. Going far to the east is the land of China, with yet another magic I know. Yet even these four magics do not account for some of the magic I use. But as you said, I do not remember learning them."
"Have you traveled a lot?"
"I don't know. But I do know many languages. I must have traveled."
"What of your companions Inga and Leif?"
"The signs say they are a couple. My interactions lead me to think they are honorable. But I have only known them a short time."
"And the others?"
"The captain, and his aide, were involved with the newest arrivals, so I did not spend much time with them. I mostly dealt with the others. They are men and women, some good, some bad, but all there with the captain by choice. I am sorry I don't have a better informed opinion for you."
"I did not expect it. But your honesty is also unexpected. No wonder Inga and Leif follow you."
"Huh?"
"Yes. When you stopped fighting, they stopped. In our questioning of them, they said you were a leader. The kind that they would follow to Hel and back. Your humility, and competence, makes you one to follow. Even now, talking with me, I see these qualities in you. I shall leave you to your thoughts, as I go to do some thinking of my own."
The next morning, Captain Thundershield came to me and said, "Thor and I have spoken. My command has suffered, and needs warriors. He has said you can be trusted, and are honorable. Tell me, will you three join my command?"
"After all we've done? I fear your warriors would fear and resent me. As to Inga and Leif, I cannot speak for them."
"They already fear what you can do, but your actions on the field of battle speak well of you. They may be uneasy, especially if they lost friends to you, but I think they will come round. As to the resentment, you are a Dragon Warrior. They know you are something special. And while jealousy might be a problem, they do not see a weakling or a coward. Lastly, Thor himself proposed it to me and my senior warriors. They have personal feelings, some of them, but they all believe you would be a powerful addition to my command. I have already spoken with Inga and Leif, and they said they would stay with you, stay or go as you will."
I was quiet for a time, then spoke, "I am alone. All I have is what I carry. Being a warrior is a job I know, and am good at. If you will have me, I will be honored to join."
"I shall pass the word. Don't be surprised if others seek you out to test you." Then, he left.
It did not take long before some warriors asked to examine my weapons. Those who examined my bow wondered at my strength, but it helped them understand its deadliness. Mid-morning, a small group of warriors left with a bound Captain Ironblood, along with the remainder of his band, but without weapons. Afterwards, a lot of the tension at camp went down. There was still some around the three of us, but it wasn't as strong. Smoke, on the other hand, was mildly feared. They came to accept he wouldn't attack them, but they did recall what he did earlier, and the fact that he occasionally disappeared made them think he was supernatural. Even the other horses knew he was different, and were uneasy if he was close for more than a few moments, so he usually hung out at my tent.
The next several days, I was sent to shadow the patrols, so I could learn the lay of the land. Leif did as well, but on other patrols. Back at the camp, there were occasional competitions, as well as games and entertainment. Once I knew the area, I was placed in the scout rotation, and would go on patrol every few days. Since I usually completed my patrol quickly, I would take the time to do a little hunting far from camp to help with the food situation. I usually brought back several rabbits or other small animals that I could carry from my belt. The cooks appreciated food they didn't have to have send hunters out for, and I usually got a preferred portion of whatever I brought back. I was also offered the skins, and I took some to decorate my outfit, but I let others have most of them, as I didn't need them.
As the days passed, it was noted that I was not only a strong fighter, but a skilled one, knowledgeable in several forms. I was asked to help others learn it. In a few weeks, I noticed that some things I taught would stick, but some things they couldn't keep more than a few days. Somehow, seeing this, I knew I had encountered it before, and that the things that would not stick had a reason for it, but I could not remember the reason. So I just stopped trying, and focused on what did stick. I also got plenty of company at night, as my reputation there, made it to these warriors.
We stayed there three more months, when another large band came to relieve us. We headed back to the shore, and we took the ships that brought the relief band. I rode near the head of the band, and when we came to where the ships were, Smoke returned to the talisman. This meant he would not disturb the animals on the boat as we returned to the homeland. The trip took several weeks, as we stopped at a number of small coastal villages, to take messages back to the homeland. Often, it was for assorted needs they had, but sometimes it was to relay great news. One village discovered silver in the nearby mountain, and they needed people and equipment to mine it.
Arriving, as I had no place, Captain Thundershield helped find me a place to stay near the port. Inga and Leif chose to go with some others they had made friends with, and went to another town further inland. During my stay guarding the mountain pass, I learned to play a chess-like game called Hnefatafl. I found I enjoyed it, so I carved my own out of assorted woods. I used the creation magic to create glue so I could assemble the board's two colors. For the pieces, I carved them to look like my companions. The defending pieces were patterned after ones who were more protective. For those who were more aggressive, they provided the attacking models. For the king, I modeled the piece after Captain Thundershield. After each piece was completed, I showed it to the model. When the set was finished, I called all the ones I modeled, and revealed the set to them. Starting the next day, I would often use it when I played at camp.
It was several days later, when the captain invited me to a local drinking hall to play, that I finally found something to do. I brought my board out, and soon had a number of admirers. After the game ended, several people asked to examine the board and pieces. When they learned I had made it while in the field, they were even more impressed. One person offered to buy it, but I said it was too personal, however, I could make another with them as the king piece. I got three orders that day. After the captain left, several men paid attention to me. Since they bought me drinks, I paid attention to them. I chose to invite one back with me. I was currently using an empty loft in a barn to stay in. I had enhanced it with a few rugs, and the bed I had been using in my tent, but otherwise it had little. My guest was surprised at how little I had, but stayed the night anyway.
I made ten boards at once, as I figured others would want ones. I made the kings in the image of the buyer, and the other pieces either other people in the hall, or people I saw in the street. When I was asked to make the pieces look like the gods, I declined, as I felt it was not my place to decide who was which piece. I did buy some jewelry metal with some pearls and ornamented the sets. When I delivered them in the hall, others noticed the delicate jewelry incorporated on the figure of the kings. I soon had requests for more sets, but also for jewelry. Within a month, I had made enough to get my own place.
Another change over that month, was that I stopped wearing armor and carrying all my weapons with me. Instead, I left most of it where I stayed, guarded by Smoke as a large wolf. I had made him a large studded leather collar to wear, so others would recognize he belonged to me. Most mornings, I would magically hide my stuff, and go on a run with Smoke. Once I found the mountain lake, I often returned there to swim. Meanwhile, Smoke would hunt for fun. Sometimes, he would hunt as the wolf, and bring down a deer, but more often he hunted as a fox or eagle and brought down a rabbit or two. Since he did not need food, he gave them to me to eat, but he really enjoyed the hunt. Sometimes, when he was an eagle, I asked to watch, so he would land on my bare arm to draw some blood, and then I would enjoy his flight also. I soon realized that the sharing was treasured because I was letting it be what it was, and taking in the simple pleasure of the hunt.
When I moved, I built my own home. I was on the edge of town, away from the port, so I could make it larger than the others, both in floor space, but also in ceiling height. I also added a secret room for my collected treasures, and used a solid illusion to hide it. However, this was the more difficult form, where I could bypass it just by will, while it would still feel and look real. The upper floor was my bedroom, and a workroom, and a sun room. I added a lot of thick glass, since I could make it from sand. With glass windows in the roof, and sides, it let the sun in, and kept the wind out. For most of the year, I could work here in warmth and plenty of light. The first floor had a kitchen, den, and storeroom. There were fireplaces in all the rooms.
With plenty of glass, I added a second layer to make the windows more insulated, even as I had added an extra layer of wood inside the rooms with some empty space keeping it from conducting the cold. The fireplaces were stone, but were all at the center of the house. The one in the kitchen was two feet higher, making it far more convenient for cooking. I also had a bathroom of sorts off my bedroom. It was part outhouse, and part rain-supplied washstand. Outside, in another building would be a sauna, hopefully before winter.
With my making jewelry, and carving wood depictions of wildlife, people, and stuff, I settled in quite nicely. I also was called upon to write, as my hand was quick, and elegant. A man stayed over perhaps twice a week. While I had breakfast at home, I usually had meat for dinner, with some fruit and vegetables. When Smoke brought down a deer, I would eat some, and make the rest into jerky. The large bones would make stock for soup. I kept in touch with the warriors by inviting one of them to a meal every few weeks. While I mostly bought bread, I would make it myself on those occasions. Likewise, I would make pies.
Two years later, I was asked to join a warrior band for guard duty again. So I let a recently wed couple use the place while I was away, saying they needed to set up their own place before I came back after my year of duty. I learned I would be one of Captain Thundershield's senior warriors, and a number of others would return with us. About one third of the warriors were young, on their first or second tour. I chose to use one of the common horses to get there, and let Smoke remain as a large wolf. We went to a different mountain pass, and relieved the warriors there. That's when we learned they had been attacked a number of times by warriors from the kingdom nearby. While they had lost a fair number, the pass was narrow enough to keep a large army out with a small force.
As a more senior warrior, I made my tent larger, so I could accommodate a larger crowd, and a large map table. Smoke went where he willed at first, and when he learned the area, he usually slept in the tent with me. I made the table of wood, and used clay to make a realistic miniature of the land about us. I then used twigs to mark the forest areas, and I painted the creeks. I then added sides to the table, and a wooden tabletop to cover the model. It parted in the middle, and there were holders on the side of the table to hold it. There was a rope and curtain that hid the bed when we met in here. I also had several hanging lanterns.
The map table took a week to construct, and another to dry and make a miniature camp. That's when I spoke to the captain.
"Svend, I have a surprise for you. Please come to my tent."
As it was evening, I think he mistakenly thought I was inviting him for sex. But when I directed him to the table, I said, "Help me uncover the table. This half is held by the legs on this side." I directed him in removing the top, and when the other half was off and held on the side, I said, "Here is the pass and the surrounding area. I think it could be useful for making plans."
"This is a lot of work for two weeks."
"Yes. I intend to leave it here when we leave, and it can be used to understand the land about. You know how scouting reports are sometimes difficult to understand where they are? Well, with this table, the scout can show exactly where they were and where they saw something. There is also enough light and room for holding a council if needed."
"This is well conceived, and when we are attacked, will help us to quickly know what is happening."
"Starting tomorrow, feel free to hold meetings in here and use the model. For now, let's put the top back on to protect it." After doing that, we went back out and the captain went off to talk with some others. Two days later, we needed it, as a scout reported a large force approaching.
An hour later, we were on our way to meet them, and maybe surprise them. When their lead element reached the designated point, one of the veterans called out from close by, but hidden, "What is your purpose here?"
That surprised them, as they thought they had hidden from us. They held still for a minute, when the question was repeated. This time, I sent an arrow into the tree one was hiding behind. Since it was a little off center, it pierced the tree, and the arrowhead stopped just short of piercing the warrior also.
We waited another minute, and I sensed them whispering. When the question was repeated, someone answered, "We are here to drive you out."
"You have failed so far, and you will fail again today."
There was silence for another minute, then they exploded out from hiding. I picked my targets carefully, and when I shot, I usually felled two. When the quiver was empty, I spelled my bow and quiver back to my tent, and then ran down into them, sword drawn, with Smoke by my side, but larger. Others also began to enter the battle, and with over half of them dead, they ran away. I then proceeded to help care for the injured. We only lost one of the new guys, but three other new guys would be out for a while. I wound up carrying one of the injured back to camp.
About a month later, they tried again. They held three elite warriors in back to keep them from arrows. When I entered the fray, they swiftly moved up to attack me, and two lesser warriors kept Smoke busy. While they lasted longer, they failed in the end, and others noted that they had not landed a single hit on me, causing them to fear me more.
They tried again three months later. This time they had ten elites, and they also found a pair of mages. Their magic was sufficient to stop my arrows, but having revealed themselves, I brought out my jar of sand. As I ran down, I caused the sand to swirl about my legs. When I entered combat, I kept an eye out for offensive magic, and when I sensed it, I headed there. Before I got there, some elites engaged me, but the mage also tried to attack me. I had plenty of cover, courtesy of the enemy, but I sent the sand down low to engage the mage. Strangely, I also sensed us being watched.
The sand did not hurt him, but swirling closely about his head, he could not see, nor concentrate. This made him an easy target, and he soon was killed. When the second mage revealed his presence, I sent the sand to him, as well. But he was craftier, and surrounded himself with a shield. The sand could not get too close, and he was hampered, not blinded, and could still do magic. We also learned that a shield also protected him from swords. When I finished off the elites, the rest were reluctant to engage me. So I went after the mage. I cast a spell upon my sword, and used it on the shield. The mage was surprised when it weakened. I repeated the spell, and this time the sword went through.
However, I pulled the stroke, leaving it at his neck. "Surrender, and live."
He stayed silent, likely in shock that I had pierced his shield so quickly. I soon noted he looked at something behind me. When I saw triumph begin to enter his eyes, I swiftly turned around and my sword cut down the warrior who was about to kill me. Before he could react, my sword was once again at his neck. In less than a second, he went from thinking I was about to be killed, to becoming hopeless before me.
"... Uh..." He tried again to speak, getting it this time. "I surrender."
"Tell the others to also surrender."
"I'm not in command."
"I don't care. If they don't, they will die. Now say it."
"We have failed, and must surrender."
The battle was noisy, and few heard it, so I said, "Say it again, loud enough to be heard by all."
"WE HAVE FAILED, AND MUST SURRENDER!"
That was heard, and some paused. "Again!" at this point, I felt the watching intensify.
"WE HAVE FAILED, AND MUST SURRENDER!"
This time, more warriors paused, but the enemy commander shouted back, "KILL THE BITCH."
I briefly turned my head and sent a whammy to put him in great pain. Then I shouted, "YOU WILL SURRENDER OR DIE!"
At that, the fighting stopped, and only the wounded and the enemy commander cried out in pain. The sensation of being watched almost disappeared, but I saw from the corner of my eyes some women briefly bending over a few of the fallen, and then the feeling went away.
I called out, "Take their weapons and send the warriors back to their home."
My words were followed, but when the mage looked hopeful, I said quietly, "Not you. I have questions. Cooperate, and you can return also."
It took only fifteen minutes to send the rest packing. While we waited for them to be far enough, the men looted the fallen, but then placed them neatly to one side and said some prayers. I specified for the other mage's stuff to be brought to me back at camp.
When we were ready, I told this mage, "I don't need weapons to kill you."
Then I cleaned off my sword and returned it to its scabbard. I summoned the jar, and had the sand return, before sending the jar back to my tent. He was impressed when he saw the sand obeying me, and at my dismissing the jar. When all was ready, I cast a solid illusion over the bodies that imitated the ground they were on. Now, it looked like the ground was a foot or so higher, but otherwise was like the rest of the nearby ground. No sign of the battle was visible. The mages jaw dropped at that, especially as others walked on the illusion.
"How...?"
"Silence. You are a prisoner, and will soon be questioned. Now, follow the others. I will be behind you, so don't try anything." Smoke walked beside me, and resumed his usual wolf size, which the mage also noticed. But he thought better of saying anything now.
He looked cowed, but followed the others. Several followed me to be sure no one followed us. When we got back to camp, the looted items were placed in a common area for any who wanted them. I sent someone ahead to alert the captain I had taken a prisoner. He was waiting for us, and signaled me and several other leaders to my tent.
Once we were all inside, he said, "Ricci, tell me what happened."
I described the encounter, and noted that they had two mages, and I had taken this mage prisoner. I also described how I hid the battle dead, so that we could go back in a few days for a more suitable funeral pyre without worrying about being in a vulnerable position with the enemy close by.
"Anyone else have anything to add?"
One warrior, who normally would not be in such an after action report spoke up. "Captain, there were Valkyrie at the battle. I think I saw two, and another saw one. At least two of our people and one of theirs were taken."
"The battle was that intense?"
"Yes."
"Those shall be at the center of the pyre, with the others close by. We shall honor them. Now, what of this mage? Tell us your name."
He looked at me, so I said, "Speak truth, and fear nothing. I will know." Then I nodded to him.
"I am Gunnvaldr Mathieson, senior mage of Coblenz by the Rhine."
"Why were you sent?"
"Because of her." He nodded to me. "After she took down three of our best, it was feared that even ten might not be enough. That fear was justified. It was expected she could be taken down with magic, but it was not to be. She easily neutralized Gulli Thidriksson with blinding sand, allowing others to take him down. My own shield kept the sand out, but her sword smashed it down. With it at my neck, I dared not move. She chose to spare me, as a prisoner."
"What will your king do now?"
"I don't know."
I interrupted, saying, "You do know. Tell him."
He was startled, and I sensed his uncertainty about me. Then he said, "I cannot say with certainty, but I think my king will send assassins for both her and I. Others will watch, to see if they succeed. If they fail, they will wait for you to leave. They will attack then, if they think they can overcome your replacements."
Captain Thundershield said, "What they think and what they can do are two different things. My people are not easily defeated."
The questioning lasted for another hour, and then he asked me to secure the prisoner and meet them in his tent for making plans. As soon as they left, I called Smoke in.
"You have seen my companion. Do you know what he is?"
"He appears to be a wolf, but I think he is a dire wolf, with some ability to change size."
"He is not that." I silently asked him to briefly appear as a bear. Suddenly, he was a large bear, and he reared up to his full fourteen-foot height. Then he returned to the form as a wolf. "It is a spirit, a predator. The forms you have seen are just how it chooses to appear. It is unfettered by any bonds, and instead chooses to befriend me as I treat it well and offer opportunities to hunt. Other mages bound him, but each successive binding weakened him, so now he is far stronger than he was when I took the talisman from its previous master. I shall not bind you, but rather I leave Smoke here to watch you and deal with you if you attempt anything. Will you play nice?"
He looked at Smoke, then nodded and said, "You are far more than we knew. If you keep your word, and release me, it would be far better for me to learn all about you if I can. I have a feeling that the assassins will fail."
I left Smoke in charge of Gunnvaldr, and went to the captain's tent. There, we set up increased watches to spot assassins arriving singly or as a small group. Plans were made for a pyre in the camp, and people went out into the forest to chop down some trees to make it. All was ready on the second day, and I went with a group of men to fetch the dead. When dusk arrived, the rights were said. I brought Gunnvaldr, and surprised him with the opportunity to speak for his dead. When he finished, and returned to my side, I saw tears.
In the morning, I spoke to him saying, "The captain is satisfied you have told him all he needs to know. He will allow you to leave once the assassins have tried, or when we leave. I, however, have noted your magic is not something I know. I desire to learn it. Would you be interested in teaching me? I can pay." I then held out a small pouch of pearls for him to examine.
"You would trust me?"
"Yes. I have seen you are an honorable man, and the tears you shed for your friends tell me more of your character. However, while you are here, others will not trust you, and expect me to ensure your compliance."
"I see. I am still a prisoner."
"True, but I offer you something to do that is interesting, and will earn you treasure as you wait."
"You are right. It will make the time pass quicker. What of Smoke? Some of what I teach may look like an attack."
"It is very cunning, and will know if it is an attack or just a demonstration. I don't think you need to worry about Smoke as you teach me."
"I see. I practice rune magic..."
As he spoke, I focused on him, and the intensity was such that I could also sense some of his thoughts. I asked insightful questions, and surprised him with my comprehension. When it came time to teach me the runes, I surprised him again at being able to duplicate them perfectly right off the bat. I used the other mages stuff to practice with, while he kept his own materials.
It was two weeks later, when the assassins came. As I went to sleep that night, I felt a slight unease. It seemed to be familiar, yet I could not understand why. A few hours later, that unease sharpened so much, it woke me. I knew there was danger, so I tossed a thought to Smoke and rouse him. Soon, we realized someone was about to enter the tent. I cast a solid illusion over Gunnvaldr to make his place seem like a couch. Then I levitated myself to the top of the tent. Once there, I also caused a tiny amount of light to shine from behind where the assassin was. A firefly made more light, but it was enough to show me what he was doing.
As he neared the center of the tent, I caused the sand floor to suddenly have runes in a circle around him. Sending my magic into the runes to activate them, he was suddenly immobilized. I then said in a whisper, "Who are you, and why do you come?"
"Where are you?"
I caused another set of runes to appear in the sand and activated them. Suddenly, he felt very cold.
Another whisper, "Answer me."
"I am no one, but I am here to kill the warrior witch. Is that you?"
"That is not all that I am, but it is enough. Your life is forfeit." I whammied him to make him fall asleep. I then asked in thought for Smoke to ensure there were no others. He came back a few minutes later, saying there was someone in the captain's tent.
I knew there wasn't a moment to lose. I cast a portal into the captain's tent and stepped through it. As I entered, I saw the captain under the knife of an assassin. At the same time, he noticed my arrival.
"Stay back or I'll -"
While he was talking, I whammied him to force him to sleep also.
"What the..."
"Sorry I was late, captain. I'll take care of him." I then picked him up and carried him back through the portal, before closing it.
I laid him out next to the other, and released the cold runes. I activated the paralyzing runes again around the second assassin. I then released the illusion protecting Gunnvaldr, and woke him.
"Who are they?"
"These are the assassins who came. Will you help me interrogate them?"
"They will see me."
"Not if you sit behind them."
We prepared for the interrogation, and he was impressed at my use of the sand to make runes. Keeping them within the paralyzing circles, I added coercion and truth runes, so that they would answer, and with the truth. Then I woke them. They could not move from the sitting position I had placed them in, and I had Smoke sit directly in front of them. Gunnvaldr and I were behind, and we interrogated them further. Then we discussed what to do.
I began with, "Let's send them back to kill the one who sent them."
"We don't know who that is. And the one who sent them may not be the one who ordered it."
"If they do not know, they have the skill to learn. I don't care if the one ultimately responsible is killed. But the death of the one who hired them will be noticed."
"I see. How do you plan to make them do this?"
"The runes will do this. Watch what I draw, now that I have had little practice."
"Oh? Go ahead."
I then caused more runes to fill the sand, I whispered what each one did, and waited for his nod, then activated it. Several required me to implant commands, and I worded them carefully. It was dawn before they were fully prepared. Once more, I whammied them asleep. I then carried them, and left them about a mile away from the camp. From a distance, I woke them while high in a tree. They looked about, and saw no one else, and proceeded to head away. I monitored their position until they were two miles from the camp, before I returned.
After breakfast, the captain asked me in private what happened. I explained they were the assassins we had expected, and that I had turned them against the ones who sent them. Later that day, I gave Gunnvaldr the pouch of pearls I promised.
"You have taught me runic magic, and we survived the assassins. You now have your freedom. Will you return? If not, where shall you go?"
"From what they said, I cannot return. All I have is what I came with and what you have given me."
"Will you change your name and return to a different city in the land you know, or will you go to new lands?"
"Your people here, while wary of me, have shown welcome. If I may, I would like to go with you when you leave."
"I shall ask the captain, and I think he will agree."
Our tour ended, and we gave warning to our replacements about what we expected. When I got back to my home port, I found Gunnvaldr a place in town. I had just begun to relax at home when a runner came with a message. I was summoned to an important ship in port.
I quickly changed clothes into something more formal and fancy, before I went to the ship. When I got there, I was invited on board, where I was taken below decks where I met with a warrior from Asgard.
"Ricci, you have come to the attention of Odin. Thor has spoken of your might against other warriors, and some Valkyrie have also seen your ability against mages. I am to bring you to Asgard."
"Can I go pack my stuff?"
"No. The ship is already preparing to disembark. I will show you your room."
I followed him, but as soon as he left me alone, I closed the door, then repeatedly cast my summoning spells to gather my stuff. First, was my armor and weapons. Next, my backpack and valuables, then a selection from my wardrobe. As the people on the ship were mostly dressed for battle, I changed into my armor and strapped on my sword and a few knives. Except for my bow and arrows, I placed the rest of my stuff in the backpack. At this point, I summoned Smoke as a wolf, to be my companion for the trip. Informing him of the situation, I sat and meditated to learn what I could of my companions.
Sometime later, I was brought a meal. I inquired about the trip, and was told we would arrive mid-afternoon. A bit later, the same person collected my dishes. Finally, I heard the sounds of a ship entering a dock. I donned my pack, and also the bow and quiver. When the warrior came for me, he saw me standing in the middle of the room with Smoke staying by my side.
"What the...? You didn't have your armor when you came on board. And that wolf, where did it come from?"
"You were in a hurry, so I had to use magic to collect my stuff. Smoke, here, is my companion when it comes to fighting and hunting. When I came on board, it looked like you were ready for war, so I got ready, as well."
"We are not expecting it, but as military ship, we are prepared at all times. Is Smoke tamed or trained?"
"No. Nor will I ever so limit him. He is quite cunning, and has chosen to serve me."
He was silent for a bit, then said, "That might be a problem, but not my problem. Come, we are docked, and the escort is waiting."
We followed him out, and I met the escort of four armored women. With only a few words, they had me go with them, and they finally brought me into a training area, and to a woman who watched the other women here. The escort saluted, and left.
"I am Helga Adilsdottir, and this is my school. You are Ricci Olafdottir, and the word is that you might be one of us. We shall see."
"What do you mean, 'one of us'? I have never been here before, and was taken from my home without warning."
"You had some warning, as you were able to be fully armed."
"I had no warning. I had to gather my equipment with magic, while I was on the ship that brought me."
"Interesting. We shall test your magic, as well."
She then called another over, and told her to evaluate my combat ability. She first took me to an archery range, and asked me to show my skill.
"Can I see the arrows most use for practice?"
She brought one to me, and I examined it. I was most concerned at the head and length. It looked to be a standard practice head, but it was shorter than I normally used. Taking off my bow and quiver, I dug in my backpack for the jar of sand, and poured it out beside me. I then took the backpack off and strung my bow. Standing, I cast spells to create practice arrows suitable for my bow and poked them in the sand. It held them upright, despite how little sand was there. Then I said, "I am ready. Which target?"
"Magic arrows?"
"Magically created, but not magical in themselves."
"Then pick your target. Three arrows."
Looking them over, I noticed the smallest one was also the farthest. "That one, on the shelf of the far wall."
"Confident of yourself, aren't you."
I answered by shooting. I got three in the center, and then grinned at her. She went to examine it and saw how close they were. When she went to pull them out, they resisted. "I thought you said there was no magic. Why won't it come out?"
"Pull harder. It probably went into the wall a bit."
She looked doubtful, but then used both hands and pulled harder. Eventually, it came. When she placed its point against the wall, its feathers were clearly several inches further away than the rest.
"This is a practice arrow, and it went four inches into the wall! How powerful is that bow?"
"Only a few have been able to draw it fully, and only one other has been able to string it."
"Let me see."
I handed her the bow, and she tried to fully draw it, and failed. Returning the bow, she then activated a mechanism that had several moving targets, and she instructed me to shoot specific ones. They showed up at different times, and they were among the fastest. Each shot broke the target off its holder, but the arrow was in the small bullseye, and I only shot the ones specified. When I ran out of arrows, she stopped the device, and evaluated the carnage.
"It is too close to dinnertime, and I suspect you will be difficult to test. I will need to make some arrangements. In the meantime, you need a place to sleep. Follow me."
She led me through several hallways and rooms, until we entered a dorm. Pointing out a room, she told me to leave my backpack and large weapons here, and they would be safe. This would be where I would sleep while I was there.
"How long will I be here?"
"A day or two of more testing, then the evaluation. Perhaps a week total. Then your fate will be decided, and you might stay or go."
I left my backpack and arms, and she then took my to the dining hall. We both got food, and she looked around a bit before leading me to a particular table. "Hello, ladies. This is Ricci, a prospect. I've only evaluated her archery so far, but if she is accepted, there's going to be a new leader at some games. But for now, I'll leave you to wonder." She then introduced me to the ones at the table. She ate quickly, then left, telling me to report back in the morning.
I told of some of my battles, and they told me of some of theirs. It was here that I learned that these were Valkyrie. I asked them, "How could I be a prospect? I am not of Asgard."
They said, "Sometimes mortals are blessed in war by Odin, and may even be accepted into the order. That you are a prospect means you have been seen in battle by a Valkyrie."
"Oh. The last battle I was in, three were seen. Two for my men, and one for the enemy."
"It matters not which side you are on. If you die showing exceptional valor, you can become one of the einherjar in Valhalla. To see three, the battle must have been a great battle. Tell us about it."
I recounted the battle, and answered their questions for nearly an hour before all decided it was time to retire or head for the drinking halls. I went to my room, and found all safe, and went to bed. I woke when I sensed those around me waking. I followed them, and found myself getting a light breakfast. Then I reported as requested.
I learned that I was to be tested several ways, and with several weapons, and even without weapons. While I was occasionally caught out in skill, my speed made up for it. While I was offered rests from time to time, I declined. Because of this, I was able to get through all the tests in one day.
We all headed to the baths, where my breasts quickly drew interest. Quite a few wanted to touch them, so see their reality. All this touching soon lead to my arousal, and looking at those interested in me, I began to touch others who desired me. Soon, two women were having sex with me, with several others enjoying the show.
When I left the bath, someone said, "Hey, Ricci. What's that tattoo on your leg?"
Not having thought about it, since I could not remember a time without it, I said, "Oh, it's just a dragon."
"Wait up, I want to look at it."
So I turned back, and sat down on the edge of the bath, and extended my leg out so they could look at it.
"Wow. It looks so lifelike. Such subtle coloring and detail work. Hey, has anyone here seen a dragon? Check out the tattoo."
Another came forth, and examined it. "It is a dragon, but not like the ones our warriors fight. I think this is a dragon from the Far East. I am also something of a collector of tales of the east. I have seen other artwork that depicts their dragons, and this is far more lifelike."
Yet another asked, "Where did you get it?"
"I... I am not sure. It feels like I had a hand creating it, but I have no memory of getting it."
"How can you not know?"
"Something happened to me a few years ago. I have no memories before that, yet it is clear I have learned many things, and have become an expert in several fields. I have no idea who I was before, but I intend to be the best person I can be."
"Oh dear. You don't know who your family is. You poor woman. Well, if you become a Valkyrie, then we will be your family."
"Thank you for that. I truly appreciate it."
The next day, a number of older women interviewed me. In the afternoon, I was asked if I had any healing magic. When I said yes, they took me to see assorted injured and asked me to use my magic. As I did what I could, I felt that I should be able to do so much more, yet I could not access much power.
The next several days, I was told to relax. I was assigned a junior member to show me about the city. I saw many sights and met a lot of interesting people. The third evening, hearing some revelry at a drinking hall, we went in. while my escort Katla was recognized as a Valkyrie, I was not, and they asked about me. When they learned I was a prospect, several offered to test their strength against me. While I was debating acceptance, a loud voice from the side spoke out.
"Careful, gentlemen. She is a Dragon Warrior. Easily a match for the likes of you."
I was shocked, as I recognized Thor's voice. Others, took it as a challenge, and they named their hall's champion as my opponent. Katla placed a bet on me, as did Thor. So I accepted. The tables were shoved to the sides to open space for us, and a Glima match was begun. The champ was a large man, but I had nearly a foot on him. Still, he was clearly well muscled.
We began, and while he tried to maneuver me to throw me to the ground, my wide stance and size did not give him the leverage he needed. He even tried to lift me, but try as he might, he was unable to twist me far enough to drop me on my side. Then when he took a quick breather, I struck. I used both hands and lifted him quickly into the air, and re-positioned my grip lower down and lifted him further until his feet were almost shoulder height on me. Then I spun him upside down and thrust him downwards. Everyone cried out, but I pulled my attack when his head was less than an inch from the floor. Then I twisted him and tossed him away, and he landed on his butt.
There was silence for a moment, then the fallen man said, "You have bested me. Let me buy you a drink." I lowered a hand, and he pulled himself up. "Thor was right. We are no match for you." We spent a few hours here, but at one point I heard another voice I recognized. I took care to not be seen looking, and found the voice belonged to a strangely clad warrior talking with Thor. I sensed he was powerful, like Thor, yet unlike. But this meant I could keep track of him, and I listened to what he had to say. After a while, he left with two women. I then sought out Thor, and gaining his attention, I asked who it was he was talking to.
"That was Loki, my brother. Why do you ask? Did you want to play with him?"
"I asked because I have heard his voice before. The man who brought me to Captain Ironblood looked different, but the voice and mannerisms were the same. It was not someone pretending to sound like him. His gestures, the way he keeps aware of what is around him, and other things, all say it is the same person. Does he use disguises, or illusion magics?"
"He does, indeed. But he most likes to outwit others. Are you sure? It has been years."
"I don't know how I know, but I know this about pretending to be another. There are many subtle cues that you must imitate, not just the looks and sound."
"Then it could well have been him, but unless he admits it, there is no way to prove it now, and trying to prove it would serve no purpose. I would say little of this to anyone, especially him. It is better he forgot you existed."
"Why would he have brought me to another?"
"If it was him, he might think nothing of using an innocent in his plans. Enough about him. I hear you have a tattoo of a dragon."
"I do, why do you ask?"
"You are a Dragon Warrior. You have a dragon tattoo. Perhaps it means something. I hear it is very lifelike. That takes a lot of effort. You might want an artist to look at it. It may even illuminate your past. Likewise that touch of divine. Why are you so marked, and by which god?"
"Learning my past does sound interesting. Very well, I will seek some experts. So, did you make a lot of money on my little display?"
"Not too much. These folk can't afford what I can, so I keep my bets small. Sometimes I lose, and they love it then, but with you, I have seen you fight. I had no doubt as to the outcome. The way you won was also important. It was clear to all as you won, that he stood little chance, yet you gave him a chance, and afterwards, you made friends with him. You are a natural leader, and they see that. Our people are composed of many kinds, some of whom are far superior in power to the rest. They are used to that disparity, and they now see you on the more powerful side. In fact, they think all the Valkyrie as being at least somewhat superior, so your being a prospect means you were likely to be superior anyway. Part of what makes our people work with such a disparity is the effort made to downplay the difference, and make friends on both sides."
"It seems you have thought a lot about this."
"Not really. As a child, it was taught to me, and we had to show we understood it by explaining it. These also learn about it, but as they tend to be on the lesser side, they learn not to fixate of our differences. Not all follow this ideal, but most do. Even Loki, with his many faults, is not callous in this way."
We spoke for another few minutes, then I left to get another beer. When I turned back, I saw he was talking with another, so I found someone else to talk with. A few hours later, my escort returned, and we headed back to the training dorms.
The next day, I asked Katla to take me to an expert tattoo maker, so I could have my tattoo examined. She made some inquiries with the others, then we headed out into the city. Eventually, we entered an establishment in the nicer part of town, and I learned this was where an expert tattoo artist worked.
Katla asked, "Master Karlsson, my friend has a tattoo. Ricci has lost her memory of if, but we think it is important. Could you look at it and tell us about it?"
"Many have tattoos. What makes this one special?"
"It is very lifelike. Many colors, and the artwork is amazing. Also, it is of an eastern dragon, not something you see often."
"Or at all. Where is this tattoo?"
I said, "It is low on my leg. Easy enough to take my boot off and show you."
"Sounds intriguing. Please follow me to the work room and take off your boot."
He headed through a door, and we followed him. I sat where he indicated and took off my boot, and presented my leg to him. He scooted his stool closer, and placed my leg on his lap, while he examined the tattoo.
"That is very lifelike. A true artist made this, no mere ink worker." He then pulled over a magnifying glass to look even closer.
"Oh my! This is subtle. The color changes have so many in-between colors. And the lines are exceedingly thin when they need to be... Huh? What happened?" he was silent, and pulled out an eye-piece, and got really close. "That's odd. It seems to have changed while I was looking at it. The tiniest amount, but I noticed it."
He put my leg down, and went over to his workbench, and opened a drawer, rummaging a bit, before pulling out a small bag. He also got a board before sitting back down. Picking up my leg, he placed it on the board he now had on his lap. Opening the bag, he emptied it and rune-stones came out. He arranged them and said some words. Immediately they glowed, but so did the tattoo. He said another word, and the glow stopped. He then collected the stones and put them back in the bag.
"You can put your boot back on. That tattoo is magical, and no mere charm, I think. The stones told me that. But I am not one who deals in magic, so cannot tell you more. But with magic involved, the lifelike appearance may be part of the magic."
Katla and I spoke with master Karlsson, and got a reference for a mage who deals with tattoos. It turns out that she was only a few blocks away. We had to wait a while for her because she had another customer.
"Hello ladies. I am Bothild Beigarthdottir, purveyor of charms, and enchanter of more powerful magics. How can I help you?"
"I'm Katla, and this is Ricci. We were just at master Karlsson's place, about a tattoo Ricci has, and he said it was magical. He said you might be able to tell us more about it."
"I see. I take it you don't know much about it?"
"No. For some reason I have no memory of things more than a few years ago. The tattoo is older."
"Interesting. Where is it?"
I pointed, and she told me to sit and remove my boot. She sat opposite, and started casting spells. As she did, her face showed more and more interest. Finally, she finished and sat back thinking.
"Ricci, that is no mere tattoo, nor is it a fancy charm. That is a full-fledged magical talisman. There is not only your blood involved, but also the blood of another. I think it might be dragon, but that is only a guess."
I said, "What is a talisman?"
This surprised her. "You don't know?" I shook my head. "I see... Hmm... I assume Karlsson used his rune-stones?" I nodded. "They have a tiny amount of power, for a specific purpose. Talismans hold far more power, and while they have one or more purposes, they can accomplish them in many ways, for they are alive at some level. There is a lot of life in this one. It is the most powerful I have ever encountered, and likely one of the most powerful I have heard of. It has at least one purpose I learned - hiding. I could feel some power from you when you came in. Now I have examined the tattoo, and know it hides your power, I looked again at you, and find you have far more power than I originally thought."
"I spoke with Thor recently. He indicated I had a touch of the divine. Could that have something to do with it?"
"Possibly. May I examine you?" I nodded, and she began casting spells.
"Curious. You are very difficult to read. It seems you are touched, yet I cannot pinpoint it to a single god. The strongest source seems to be a part of you, rather than a touch of the divine. There are several influences that seem to be from different gods. One of them seems linked to a small pool of power within you. Perhaps you have an ancestor who was a god. I cannot name these gods, as they are unlike those I know." She did warn us about letting others know I had a talisman, as they are prized treasures people will kill to acquire. My life might be spared until they take the tattoo from me, but its removal could be fatal to me.
Further discussion wound up with us going to see another mage, but one well versed in the divine. Unfortunately, this did not give any more enlightenment.
The next morning, Katla informed me that my evaluation was complete, and the elders wanted to see me. I followed her, and met them on a balcony overlooking the training field.
"Ricci Olafdottir, are you ready to accept our evaluation?"
"Yes, Elder."
"In combat, your skill is better than an elite warrior, the minimum for a Valkyrie. Your strength, and speed, are significantly above such warriors. You have sufficient skill in healing magic. Against magic from others, we have learned you are also skilled, even being able to withstand several bolts from Mjolnir."
At this Katla gasped.
"Hush, Katla." She nodded. "While your memory is a concern, and divination has yielded nothing, your companions indicate you are an honorable woman. You have satisfied all the requirements to join our sisterhood. Lastly, you have no family that we could find, not even with magic. We offer you a place with us. Such an offer is not made lightly. Nor, if you decline, will it be offered again."
"To belong sounds wonderful. How long would I serve?"
"You are not young. Also, you are an ordinary, if extraordinary, human. It is unlikely you would last more than another ten years as a warrior without us. With us, the magic that protects us, and the magic we command to restore you, you would be expected to serve at least thirty years. Had you been of Asgard lineage, you would serve for centuries. However, if fate is especially cruel, or if Odin asks, you can retire before then. If you do, you will still be our sister."
I considered my options, being essentially alone, and joining a sisterhood. Battle did not even enter my thoughts. Finally, I said, "Elder, I ask to become a Valkyrie and join your sisterhood. What must I do?"
"There is a rite you must be part of. And an oath to take. Katla, show her the oath quickly. We must know within an hour if you cannot take it. We shall be preparing the rite for tomorrow evening." The elder then dismissed us.
Katla showed me the oath, and I understood it. I was surprised it didn't require any religious aspect. It only took a few moments to let her know I would take the oath.
My part in the rite was to be ritually purified, and presented naked at the start, and to take the oath and be dressed. Today, I was to be fitted with my ritual armor. It was to be selected from some pristine samples, so that I could perform the rite. Later, I would get custom-fitted armor. But there were problems.
"Alva, what are we going to to? We don't have boots tall enough to fit her, and her extra breasts! How are we supposed to handle that?"
"Yrsa, we'll have to fake it with the boots, but we'll have to work overtime to figure out what to do with the extra breasts."
"There's no way we can get done in time. The rite will have to be postponed. The elders won't like that."
"I know, but there is nothing we can do."
I broke in, and said, "Alva, Yrsa, there is something I can do. I can use magic to make leather and cloth for clothing. I cannot do metal. As to the design, I can create an illusion of myself wearing the clothing, and change it as you wish. Once you have decided, I can create it, and you can add the needed metal between now and the rite tomorrow. Surely, there will be enough time."
Yrsa said, "You can do that?"
"Yes."
"What if someone tries to dispel it?"
"Since it is real, and not magic, nothing will happen to it."
They looked at each other, then said, almost in unison, "Do it."
So, basing the illusion of the clothing they had already tried, I created an illusion of me in that clothing, but sized for me. I also altered the top to accommodate my extra breasts in a manner I thought might work. They were quite startled when one accidentally tried to reposition my leg to see how the boot fit, because it felt real.
"Eep! That felt real!"
"Yes. My illusion can take on substance. I felt that would be the most useful for you."
After coming to grips with my magic, they continued. They had me lengthen things, shorten them, change the color, and the design. It took nearly an hour before they were satisfied.
"Your illusion is perfect. What do we do next?"
"Wait a bit, as I create what I can."
The next few minutes was spent in duplicating the cloth and leather of the illusion. When it was done, I said, "That is as far as I can go. Let me put it on."
I quickly changed into it, and came out. "Ladies, please examine it."
They spent nearly twenty minutes checking everything, then Alva said, "Thank you so much. You have saved us many hours of work. Please take it off so we can complete them."
I changed out of the clothing, and gave it to them. They then dismissed me.
While I had some nervous anticipation, Katla told me not to worry, and that all was going to be fine. The next day, she, and several other ladies attended me in the bath, and ensured I was clean as possible. And after the two-hour bath was a makeover that took another two hours. Had I long hair, it would have been three. My nails were done, eyeliner applied, lipstick, rouge, scents, and powder everywhere to make me extremely desirable. Then I waited in a small side-room until the other participants were ready. While I was given drink, even mead, I was not allowed to eat until afterwards.
It became time. Because I had been led to the room through the hallways, I had not seen the hall the other door would open to. When it was opened, and I was led out, I saw it was one of the larger halls, and there must have been two hundred women in attendance. There were only nine in the center where I was taken. It was clear the rest were there to watch.
As I was coached, I faced each in turn as they asked a question, and I would repeat the portion of the oath that answered it. As I did, I was given something to wear. First was the leather skirt. Then came a cotton shirt. Then the boots, one at a time. Next, the leather vest, two leather gloves also one at a time, and a headband. Lastly, a leather belt. Only the headband and the belt were stock, as I had made everything else. While I had made them also, to complete the set, they chose not to deal with adding metal to them, to save time. I received them the next day. I made two more sets later, so I could always have a fresh set at need.
Now that I was fully dressed as the other Valkyrie, I was pronounced one. The cheering lasted at least fifteen minutes. Then the food was called for. The ladies pulled the tables back into place, then, to my surprise, men came in to serve us. All were clearly military, and I later learned this tradition was long standing for new Valkyrie. I, however, could only get a small bite at a time, as they sent me from table to table to show me off to all assembled. Once I had been to all the tables, I was allowed to eat a full meal.
In the morning, I was assigned a place in a squad that needed another woman. I learned their names, and was soon taken to be given weapons. It was easy to find some daggers that worked for me, but they had no sword that truly fit me. They gave me one of the longest they had, and it was still small for me. They said that they would commission one for me. When I mentioned I had a longer sword of my own, they said it would not do. Not only would it look different, it would also be made of inferior metal and would lack the runic enchantments that a Valkyrie's sword has. There was a similar problem with a bow. They found one large enough, but it was not as powerful as my bow. However, they asked to borrow the sword and bow, so the respective craftsmen could use them as something to compare with. I also went with them initially to show them how they worked for me.
The next month was a lot of training. Less about fighting, and more about working as a team, and understanding the job's responsibilities. The month after, was learning to use the magic of the weapons, and the enchanted jewelry. It was during this month, that my new weapons were brought for my inspection. I was amazed.
I knew my own sword was stronger than other weapons, but I learned that the enchanted sword was stronger still, and also more flexible. The bow, likewise, was special. It had the same pull as my bow, but it was clearly made by a master. Not only could it send an arrow a little farther, but it could also enchant the arrow as it left the bow. It also could create an arrow of energy in conjunction with an enchanted ring I was given. I was told this prevented others from using such arrows against us from a captured bow.
The third month, was training on the winged horses that some Valkyrie used. Being a master horse rider was one of the initial requirements. Learning to deal with a winged horse was usually difficult. Once I realized what I would be practicing, I summoned the predator to dwell within me and learn with me. It would also advise me. Once I passed their demanding proficiency, I was sent to seek a winged horse that suited me.
We went to a pasture a few days travel away. There, I found, was a small settlement that cared for and raised the winged horses. I was given a special scarf to wear. These creatures would know I was seeking a mount by wearing it. I was told to go out into the field and put the scarf on. They would come to me and check me out. If I could lead them back to where I entered, then I would have my mount.
I went out, and put the scarf on. Almost immediately, one approached me. Then I felt his mind touch mine. That surprised me. So I, in turn, opened my mind to its touch. That got a swift reaction of surprise from it. Several others soon came to me, and also reacted to my openness. They then scattered, as other older ones came. That's when I realized the initial ones were quite young and curious. The newer ones were ready for riders, if they found one worthy. I felt their touches become more intrusive, yet gentle. It was clear they were evaluating me.
Slowly, the crowd around me grew. After half an hour, the growing crowd suddenly parted for another. it was clear that this one was a stallion, and smarter than the others. I was surprised again when it spoke.
"You share your thoughts with us. It is rare to find one like you. I claim you as my rider. The others have already seen you are worthy of us, but your ability to share, makes you able to do so much more as a rider. Come, we go to the gate of transition."
I spoke back, "Thank you. I did not know what to expect. I am called Ricci. By what name shall I call you?"
"I am known as the one who laughs and dances high in the sky."
"That is a very long name for me to use. May I call you Skydancer?"
"You may."
When we got to the gate, the keepers were in awe. One said, "Do you know who this is? He is one of the stallions of the herd."
"Yes, I know. His name is the one who laughs and dances high in the sky. He chooses to let me call him Skydancer."
"What? You spoke!"
They looked at each other, and an older one came forth and said, "You are indeed blessed. Many can sense their mount, and the mount can sense them. The few chosen by the most powerful, such as stallions, have heard words even. But a conversation. That has never happened in my lifetime."
I spent another month learning Skydancer's ways, and how to control him as a mount, and how to let him choose how to fly at my desire. He also liked that I could produce apples out of thin air.
Finally, Skydancer and I were equipped with our working enchantments. This consisted of protections for us both, as well as a special enchantment that let the rider astrally enter a battlefield to fetch a worthy soul. One aspect of the rite to become a Valkyrie was gaining Odin's power to see who in battle is worthy. It operated not just in war, but in other situations, like a building fire, or a ship sinking, where valor can occur before death. It seemed to be an extra layer to my sight. Others described it in other ways, but for me it was an extra layer.
I was soon going with my team when they went on duty. We would gather at the battle pylon. Whenever it glowed, the next available team launched and flew over it and disappeared. The first time it happened to me, I realized it was an invisible portal that led to the sky high above a battle. We would then fly down closer to the battle, and look for those who died in a valorous state. We would call to the commander, who would then send us. I realized this was the watching I sometimes felt over a battle.
My first mission, I activated the runes in the pommel, and suddenly I was in the battle next to the one I was aimed for. I reached out, and said the ritual phrases, "Hero, your time here is done. Come, take my hand, and I shall bring you to Valhalla." They could refuse, but such was exceedingly rare. This soul took my hand, and suddenly we were back on Skydancer. I sensed the soul seated behind me, with his arms about my waist.
When our commander deemed we had all we would be getting, she gave the command, and we flew up. When we were high enough, another portal swallowed us, and we emerged over Valhalla. There, we descended and landed near the main entrance. The soul would then dismount and head in, gaining substance as they neared the entrance. Lastly, we then flew over a particular pylon that corresponded to out base, and we appeared high in the sky back where we started.
We would then land in a field to let our mounts rest and recover. We also would care for them, to help them be ready for the next mission. When all were ready, we went back to the duty station, awaiting the next glow of the pylon. When we were relieved, we could return to our own pursuits. While we had twelve-hour shifts, much of the time was waiting. We worked four days a week, and an additional day, if there was a lot of fighting going on at the time. With many teams, the pylon was manned at all hours of all days. Those working nights might not go as often, but dealing with darkness was its own difficulty.
Soon, all this became routine. After a long day, several of us would head to the drinking hall to find entertainment for the night. Several might get laid, and it seemed I always did. If we had duty the next day, we left late, but if not, we left with a man to spend a night, sometimes. We all had a charm to prevent pregnancy, and were expected to wear it unless we had permission. It was easy enough, but it meant you would not be able to support your sisters in the field for a few years, so it was usually done only by those who had at least five years of service immediately beforehand.
When my interest and skill in rune magic was noted by the elders, they sent me to a rune master. I had already bargained for some lessons from the local mages, but apparently the rune masters only operated by word of mouth, and personal recommendation. They were amazed at how quickly I understood, and remarked on my skill in creating runes to enchant. Within a year, I was enchanting runes under their watchful eyes. Within two, I was enchanting some of the Valkyrie equipment.
I also began experimenting with air runes, that is, using my finger to write the runes in the air. This required me to expend some magic as I wrote, just to hold the rune together, but because it was my mind that painted the magic as my finger moved, the air runes were written cleaner than what my finger traced. One day I was caught, and instead of getting a lecture about the dangers, and stupidity, I got a discourse on air magic. That's when I learned that air runes were a rather advanced form, that usually took years to learn from a master. That I had discovered it, and got as far as I had, showed I was gifted. One of the first lessons I had was that the use of a finger to draw was not needed. It was a good aid, but with enough practice, I would not need it. This also meant I could draw faster than my finger.
It was in the third year, I was called for guardian duty. That is a duty to defend an important warrior or diplomat, and only given when the divination was dire and the mission considered essential. I was given a horse to ride, and I was to stay by his side whenever he was potentially in danger. The warrior I was guarding was named Gunnvaldr Emeraldsoul. By now, I was aware of sufficient gossip to know who he was, and the likely nature of his mission. Even so, I was briefed on it, and then introduced to him. He knew what a Valkyrie guardian meant.
As we traveled to where he needed to be, I got to know a few of his men. I also learned how he liked to command. I always stood at his back, or rode at his side, silent and deadly, and others knew it. Yet, when we relaxed at night, surrounded with his men, I could relax, and be more approachable. In the several battles we had, I was fighting beside him, but the enchantments I had, disguised me to the enemy, so they only saw a woman warrior. But even as I fought, I kept an eye on him, and would occasionally strike his opponent. While not much help, it often would save him a nasty injury, or other trouble. Then came the battle foreseen.
I quickly realized the one facing Captain Emeraldsoul was too much for him. So as soon as I saw him falter, I stepped in and took his place, driving his opponent back. The man I faced was a bear of a man. I was taller, but not by much. He was probably twice as heavy as me, and also fairly skilled. Even as I fought, I felt Captain Emeraldsoul's life fading, so I had to do something. I wanted to heal him, but the one before me gave me no chance. I was getting desperate, when suddenly I felt myself casting, but with a pair of arms I didn't have. Behind me, I felt him stabilize. He was still in great danger, but no longer of dying, while I took on this guy. Two minutes later, I finally took him down. Before another could take up the fight with me, I turned around, and cast a spell, opening a portal beneath us. My other hand had grabbed him, and pulled him up at the same time.
We came up well back from the front, and I closed the portal before another could cross. Once assured we weren't going to be attacked, I started casting healing spells on him to help him recover. When I had done all I could, he was awake, and anxious to return to the battle, but I said he was too hurt to return. He didn't like that, and tried to evade me, but I would not allow him. Eventually, he settled down, and took up command from the rear, directing his troops.
When the battle was over, we had won, and I had seen several of my sisters collecting souls. He saw his own medic, and learned that he would be out of battle, for at least a week as he recovered. As many others could use rest and healing, we stayed nearby for two days before continuing on. When we were half-a-day away from the city we were going to, several days had passed, but he had us set up camp so he could heal completely, before entering the city.
Of course, the city knew why he was there, and how strong our people were, so they trembled a bit awaiting him. When he did enter, they showed a lot of deference, but I was skeptical. I felt this would be the time for a secret attack, and two days later, I was proved right. I was asleep just outside his bedroom in the dead of night, when I woke up, alarmed for some reason. I went in to his room to check on him, when I realized someone had just entered his room from a secret passage way. I swiftly attacked and subdued him, and only after he was secured, did I make a light.
Captain Emeraldsoul and I both realized one of the powers behind the throne of the city sent him. He interrogated him, and when he was satisfied, he returned to sleep leaving me to watch the prisoner. I knocked him out, then summoned the predator in wolf form to see where he came from, and soon it learned some of the secret passages to this place. It returned and said he came from a room thick with the scent of secrecy, and also one other. When the captain woke, I reassured him that Smoke belonged to me and that he had learned who sent the assassin.
I carried the assassin, still knocked out, over my shoulder, and we went to the ruler and confronted him. I presented the assassin, and woke him, but Smoke did not scent the other, so I insisted the ruler summon the other powerful ones. It took nearly twenty minutes for them all to come, but I learned as soon as he came in, who had sent the assassin. Or rather, who was married to the one. I told him to send for his wife. Scared, he did, and Smoke confirmed it was she.
"Smoke, here, has discovered who sent the assassin. You, madam, are the one who sent him. Explain it to Captain Gunnvaldr Emeraldsoul."
She tried to deny it, so I said, "Shall I have Smoke bite off a foot to get you to talk?" At that, Smoke looked her in the eye, and made lip smacking sounds. This frightened her so badly, she confessed.
In the end, she was placed in jail, and the discussions resumed. While the outcome wasn't quite what he wanted, he felt it was good enough, and so we left. Later, after returning, I was thanked by Odin, himself.
It was in my tenth year that things began to change. I was on soul collection duty when the soul I had collected commented on my lack of memory. Quite often, the soul would ask about me, and when they learned I didn't know where I came from, they would usually drop it. This time, it was different.
"You have no idea where you are from?"
"None. Some years back, I lost my memory. I know I was a warrior, and swiftly learned I had other skills, including magic, but of my past, it has been a blank. Not even the diviners have been able to pierce it."
"Then pray to Odin, and ask him to send his ravens to aid you."
"Huh? Why the ravens, and not Odin?"
"I am sure he could help, but the ravens are the masters of the mind, of thought and memory."
"How do you know this?"
"I am not only a warrior, but also a shaman who worships Odin. I learned from my uncle, who also was one, and my son shall be one in my place."
"I shall heed your advice."
When I next had a few days off, I sought out a senior priest of Odin, and found one at the high court of the city. I explained my memory loss, and the suggestion I had been given. I then asked his counsel. The first month, I made frequent trips to a shrine of Odin and said prayers and left offerings. Soon, these trips became a weekly habit on my off days, where I would spend an hour or two meditating after giving my offering and prayers.
It was in my meditations, that I started to get brief flashes of memory, but it was so out of context, I did not understand it. Sometimes on soul-collecting duty, a raven would fly through my astral form. I soon learned that meant I would have a dream that night with a memory.
These memories confused me, as it seemed I had many lives. In some, I had four arms, in others I was an anthropomorphic cat, an elf, a witch, and even a demon. At least the witch made sense, as I have magic, but the rest confused me. The only thing they had in common was a propensity for sex and many were excellent fighters. I also had memories of being a shaman to different gods.
It was nearly a year later, when a dream memory surfaced that removed much of the confusion. It was of me being worked on with makeup and other things to transform me from my most common appearance into the four-armed being. The surrounding imagery was that of a performance, and I realized that I was not the four armed creature, but rather I was an actor who played such a creature. When I thought back to what I said to Thor about needing more than just voice and appearance to imitate, I realized that was theater knowledge. Somehow, in my past, I was a thespian. Over the next few months, I saw imagery of being transformed into each of the other forms.
I felt as though something was building up within me, as the ravens visiting my astral form were becoming more frequent, and the dreams contained longer fragments of memory. Then one day, as I was meditating at the shrine, a pair of ravens landed on my shoulders, and I felt magic enter my mind. I then began to have visions of my life that contained days at a time. These visions came one after another, out of order, but seemed to intensify. Yet, each vision lasted but a moment, and came faster and faster. They ceased when I had an epiphany and my memory was restored.
I opened my eyes, and the ravens left my shoulders, and landed a short distance away on another man. My eyes opened further when I realized who it was.
I bowed my head, and said, "Allfather, thank you for your mercy. I now know who I was and am."
"I know some of it, as Huginn and Muninn have told me of you. They tell me that your mind is quite strong, and also heavily protected. It was only by joining with your innermost mind that they were able to bring forth the restoration of your memory. Even so, much happened while they were elsewhere. Once the flood of memories started, they retreated, as your mind's own defenses started to push them out. They might have tried to stay, but we feel that one's mind is a sacred place, not to be invaded, nor should any do what was done to you. Tell me, do you remember who did this to you?"
"Loki. But not the one here now. Somehow, perhaps a thousand years in the future, he finds a way to bring me here, now, in a plan against Thor. While I do not know what that plan was, I am fairly sure it was thwarted."
"How can you know?"
"I do not know, but even right after I arrived without memory, I knew things, including what was right and wrong. Though I was essentially a mercenary, in that battle, once I realized Thor was against me, I realized I was in the wrong, and stopped my fighting. Two others stopped as well, when I told them we were in the wrong. That is why I think he was thwarted."
"Indeed. As thoroughly as your memory was altered, there is no way he could have expected that."
"I have known he has been involved for years, for I recognized his voice when I encountered him here. In my past, I am a thespian who portrays others. When I portray a real person, I know how to imitate not just the voice and looks, but also the many subtle mannerisms. I saw the mannerisms of his future self in the present one, so I knew it was the same person. I, however, only learned today of the time differential."
"So then, who were you?"
"I am Becky Sue Tate, thespian, shaman to several gods, mage, and more. I am married and have a number of children, including two divine children. I am also Ricci Olafdottir, Valkyrie, and your servant."
"Ricci is a construct created by Loki."
"I understand, but having lived as her, I have become her. It is known that sometimes thespians will get so into a part, they think they are the one they pretend to be. That is close to what happened, but instead, I was enchanted to be Ricci. That enchantment has been broken, but I now have over a decade of memories as her. It is our memories that define us, and what I have is far more than a mere part. I have a full life, with sisters I love, and friends at many of the drinking halls."
"What will you do? You have a life now and in the future."
"I have a greater understanding of magic than most. I have also been to the past twice before. I do not know how to travel into the past, but traveling into the future can be as simple as being in stasis until the right time. Controlling stasis, however, will be far harder. I intend to search for a way into the future that will allow me to finely control when I re-enter normal time. I would appreciate your blessing on my endeavor."
"I shall consider it. Your service so far has exceeded expectations, so I am inclined to give my blessings, but I need to seek the seers to help divine my path. I may even talk to Loki."
"I doubt Loki of the present will know anything, and the one of the future will doubtless try to avoid notice and has likely already returned."
"Yes. That is so, and another thing I must contemplate. Go then, and seek out your answers, even as I seek mine." He turned and walked away into a crowd, and I quickly lost sight of him.
The first thing I did was to seek an informal meeting with the elders. Two agreed to meet with me, and I told them of the return of my memory. They wanted to know all about my past. I told them that much must remain hidden still, for I was from the future, and brought here against my will by a god. I would not tell them who, only that I intended to seek a way back. When I also told them that my name was not Ricci, they wanted to know even more. I declined to tell them, and instead said as long as I serve them, I shall be Ricci. Lastly, I said that before I did more than research, I would speak with them.
The meeting finished, and they still had many questions about the past I now remembered, and more about how I could find a way back. I was concerned about causing problems with the time stream. I knew it acted to preserve itself, but not completely. I didn't want to cause problems for the future or for myself.
I felt it would take far more power than I had, so I used my memories of the prototype magic battery to create one that was robust and powerful, but that would be keyed somehow to me. I did not have access to Everest's magic, but I could create a little of Inanna's power by having sex. I could also gain a little of Isis's through her tattoo, as it generated a small amount each day. I had all of Aja's magic, as it was knowledge and not power. I was able to access An's magic a little, if I supplied it with Inanna's power, since they were partners, so I could generate a little lightning or wind, and it also explained how I took Mjolnir's bolts so easily. The oddity was the power of Death Valley, which I had in full. It was limited in what it could do, but it was inherent in my very being. Finally, I was a mage, and my own magic renewed itself with sleep.
To begin my research, I studied the runes I enchant. I meditated, and brought forth my knowledge from both Inanna and Isis. I imagined various changes in how I created the magic, and soon my runes became stronger, more robust, and longer lasting. I knew that Isis's tattoo had held the power of a goddess, but I didn't want to look at it too closely, as I might get lost, or worse, since I was out of place, lost temporally. Runes, however, were known to hold power, and I understood them. Next was to research materials.
While I had a few gems with me, and diamonds were known for their magical storage. I was in Asgard, source of the fabled metal, Uru. It was even more magical. All that was known about it was here. Over several months, I scoured the few magical tomes I could access, and discussed it with the rune master. I had suspected it would be the best for my purposes, so I also sent feelers out for sourcing the material, but it was expensive, and also difficult to acquire. For the first obstacle, I cashed in many pearls for gems of good quality. The latter required an extended day trip to visit the dwarven miners. Before I could do that, I had to have a meeting with their representative in town to get permission.
It took a few months and a handful of pearls to meet the local dwarves, but when they learned I desired the metal for creating magic and not a weapon, they were intrigued. I showed them my Valkyrie sword that I had enchanted to show them the magical work I was capable of. They called in another, older dwarf to examine the runes, and apparently I impressed him. I was then given an appointment, a token, and directions to a mine.
About a month later, I made my trip to the mine. Skydancer apparently knew of the place, and knew exactly where to land once I revealed I had been informed of the mine. I rewarded him with a nice juicy apple, and I created some oats for him, and water, so he could eat and drink, if he desired. By this time, I had gained the attention of some dwarves. So, before turning to them, I got out the token, and then I turned and presented it
"Gentlemen. I am Ricci, and I come bearing this token of intent. I believe an appointment has been made. May I approach?"
I received a gravely reply, "Approach, giantess. We know of what you seek."
So I approached, and said, "I look to create a magical item, and it needs to be able to withstand great magics. The Uru ore you sell, seems well fit for what I desire. What do you desire for it?"
"We have heard that you have recently been acquiring many gems. We don't want that, for we find such ourselves. But the pearls you have given to gain those gems do interest us. It is not our nature to gather from the sea, and so we have few. To be able to use them to adorn our product would greatly enhance their beauty, and can also be used to add certain magical properties."
Since pearls were so important here, I decided I needed a lot of them. So, using my virtual arms, I started creating many wooden jars of pearls in my backpack. As I did this, I said, "I had a feeling you might be interested, so I brought some. However, I am unsure how best to use the ore. Should I smelt it myself into the form needed, or should you? And the enchanting is also something I need to understand. It is clear you know, but there is something to be said for enchanting one's own items. Will you teach me some of your craft?
"You ask a lot, giantess. We have labored for generations to perfect our craft, and you ask us to teach you."
"I apologize. I do not mean to steal your hard-earned knowledge. From what I have already learned, I have some ideas, but I also know some of the dangers. Perhaps a better way to ask, would be time with a mentor as I work. Then the mentor can guide me away from some of the hazards, and perhaps show me hints of what I do not know. My thought is for some form of jewelry to be worn."
"Jewelry? That is indeed unusual. Have you made jewelry before?"
"Yes. Some have even been so desired, that others copied my design."
"Others stole your art?"
"No. While I don't sell my own jewelry, I have given it away. I have also licensed others to make copies. They make many copies, and I am given a small amount of the profit. Even so, the originals are worth far more. If you desire something of gold or silver, with gems or pearls, I have some supplies with me, that I could make something small for one who desires it. Earrings, a bracelet, or fancy ring. That, too, I would count for trade, craftsman to craftsman. It would also show you I mean what I say, and am not deceiving you."
"An interesting offer. How much ore do you want?"
"I truly don't know. Perhaps enough ore to make a small handful of metal I could turn into a necklace."
"That is about a dagger's worth of metal, which would be nearly a cubic foot of ore. I think a lady's jewelry chest worth of pearls would be acceptable."
"Such come in many sizes. Can you bring me one, so I may see?"
One was sent for, and soon presented to me. I placed it on the table nearby, and emptied the contents. I figure it held about two quarts in volume, so I said, "I brought sufficient pearls."
Digging into my pack, I brought out three wooden jars, and poured the first two in to the now empty chest. The third topped off the chest, with only about half its pearls. I then turned to them, and said, Here is my payment. As you see, I have some pearls left, and would be willing to part with them for your assistance."
It was clear they had not expected me to bring so many pearls, and the offer of still more was enticing. "You shall have your ore. And for the remainder of that jar, some lessons."
I handed him the half empty jar, and his eyes lit up. He called out to one, telling him to bring the ore. Then to another, he told him to show me the forge, and how they used it to smelt. I picked up my pack, and followed the latter. I opened my mind to observe him as he neared the forge, and throughout his lessons. I learned of the needed temperature, and how they measured it, also of the need for steadiness to avoid random catastrophic events with the ore. I also learned that the forge was also enchanted, and that while the ore tried to absorb it, the enchantments were protected from being disenchanted. I moved around the forge as he demonstrated it, so I could see the runes that were about the forge. These I studied magically, even as he worked.
He then allowed me to process a small amount of ore, perhaps a shot glass worth. The final result would be a small ball, the size of buckshot, if I did it right. If I did it wrong, I would likely be hurt, but the forge would not, nor would the dwarf standing ten feet away. I began by centering my mind, to gain that grace of movement, then in a meditative state, I focused on the work, and observed how the material changed as I worked it. when I finished, I pulled the small ball off to cool on another table with a cooling stand. Then I put down the tools, and backed off, before saying, "How was that?"
"You are so lucky. It took me three tries before I did that, and I am considered gifted."
"I have had good teachers in the past for other things. Focus of attention is very important, as is following instructions. I know I was focused, and I hope I followed your instructions."
I was given another lesson, then we broke for lunch. With my success at the forge, I was invited to the home of the dwarf merchant. There I met his family. A simple, but filling meal was provided. But as it progressed, I noted the merchant's brother, Berling, was having difficulty with his right hand. When the meal finished, I asked him to stay a moment. He did.
When we were mostly alone, I said quietly, "I noticed your hand. I am also a healer. Would you like me to look at it?"
"You may, but it won't do much good. A few years ago, my hand was crushed in an accident. Since then, the healers have tried, but while I have some function, it hurts when I use it, and I can no longer practice my craft."
"Would you come here? I am quite tall, and would feel you would be more comfortable standing while I am sitting down to examine your hand."
He looked surprised at that. "That is an unexpected courtesy."
"It is one based on respect. Unless, and until, someone has shown reason for disrespect, I will give them respect. Your family has gifted me with their presence for a meal in their home. How can I show less respect?"
"Indeed. You are a rare one at that." He then held out his hand. I then did my best to see it with Inanna's power. I did not have much of her power, but I do have a lot of chi that I could and did use.
"May I see the other? I would compare them." He let me look. Then I released it and looked again at the damaged one.
"What do you see?"
"The bones that were broken were healed in bad positions. Some is even missing, causing trouble, as well. There is nerve damage also, and it is likely the cause of your pain. I do not know how much I can do, but if you desire it, I can try."
"You would use magic?"
"Of several kinds."
He pulled his hand back, and sat down, clearly thinking about it. A few minutes later, he stood and approached me, asking, "Please, do what you can."
I took his hand, and began the process of healing. I used as little of my sex-fueled Inanna power, and instead, used chi to power the changes. First, I repaired the nerves. They were still out of place, but the pain should be less, at least until continuing use by the damaged bones wore them down. Next, I focused on the bones. I located the smallest changes I could make while still putting them in their correct place. I started within the palm, and worked my way out to the fingertips. I used chi to fuel the separation and movement, but Inanna's power to reconnect the bone. I added Aja's magic to generate new bone where it was needed. Once the bones were in place, I focused on the muscle. Realigning them, and the nerves, while adding muscle mass to match the other hand, I left his hand whole.
"It is done." I then folded my arms on the table and rested my head.
"Are you ill? Did you spend too much magic?"
While keeping my head on the table, I said, "I am indeed tired. I had barely enough. Do not use that hand for several days to let the healing set in. Have your own healer then tell you when you can use it. For now, I need to rest and regain my energy."
"We will leave you undisturbed."
I quickly fell asleep, but I heard quiet voices in the background. Later, when I woke, there was a meal set before me, as well as drink. Slowly, I ate and drank all of it. When I finished, I got up and was about to leave, when a young dwarf spoke up from nearby.
"Healer, there is no hurry. If you desire more to eat or drink, I can serve you more. I am sorry I don't have hot food."
"No apology is needed. But the food was welcomed. I am less tired, and somewhat refreshed, but I will be able to do little more magic today."
"Then come, I am to bring you when you are ready." I followed him, and was brought to the entrance.
The merchant greeted me, saying, "Over there is your ore." I saw a bag holding more than the cubic foot promised. It sat beside a pile of ingots. Looking back at him, he continued, "And beside it, the same weight in forged ingots."
"I thank you for your generosity, but am unsure what has transpired."
"My brother. He is a master smith, and you have restored his hand. Already, the pain is gone, and it is shaped properly. He had the healers examine it and they cannot believe what has happened. But they have immobilized his hand so it can heal fully. The ingots are an expression of his joy, as is his invitation to come again when you make your jewelry. He would be honored to aid you in its making."
"I had no desire for repayment when I offered healing."
"He knows. That is why you have more ore, as well."
"Then I shall place this bounty in my pack." He watched, as I went over to the pile of ingots. I opened my pack, and pulled out my magical luggage, and placed the ingots into it, one at a time.
"Curious box you have."
"Yes, I made it to transport my personal goods without needing the space to store them. It also removes much of the weight. The illusion of emptiness hides the opening. It also provides secret storage for my valuables, in this case, the ingots." I then closed it, and returned it to my pack. I then pulled out the other two jars of pearls, and put the bag of ore into my pack. I stood, leaving the jars behind, and walked back, then bowed to the merchant.
"You're leaving?"
"Yes. Not only do I have what I sought, but also an invitation for additional help."
"What of those pearls?"
"I needed the room in the pack, and I think they are better left as a gift to the community."
"Goodbye, then."
"Goodbye." I then called to Skydancer, and we left.
The next day, I spent meditating, eating, and exercising. The day after, was much the same, but I spent a fair amount of time in the drink halls, getting laid. In the morning, I was back to normal. Over the next several months, I learned a bit about using a forge by volunteering to work in our own smithy. Most of the time, I was thinking on how I could use magic to focus the heat, and to keep it steady at the temperature I desired. I got permission to create a smaller forge to make jewelry. I wanted it to be hot enough to handle Uru, but small enough to to work with.
I sourced special materials to build the forge, and after assembling them, I used Inanna's healing power to fuse the materials together. To fuel this magic, I started partying it up. I would have sex with three or four people in a single evening. Rather than go to bed directly, I went to the new forge to apply the power I had gained. In three months, it was essentially a single seamless piece, except for the parts that were supposed to move. I added runes and enchanted them to reinforce the physical form, other runes to significantly increase the insulating ability of the forge, and more runes to prevent disenchantment. This meant that it would take less energy to keep hot, when the insulation runes are active. It also meant that the operator would be exposed to less heat. I also created a variant bellows that had an adjustable limiter. This would allow you to over pump the air, but only as much as you allowed would get through. This would mean a steady air supply. Finally, I made it portable.
By this time, I learned that the initial forming of the ore was not a step I needed to do myself, as it was later in the process that the magic was locked in. Still, I felt making it from the ore would be worth it. It took two months to slowly process the ore into a large handful of small pieces. Another month was spent forging tools from those small bits of metal. Up to this point, I was using magical tools that I added my tattoo's enchantment to allow them to survive the forge long enough to use. Once the new tools were in the proper shape, I added tiny runes on their handles to prevent them from absorbing the heat of what they held, and to prevent disenchantment. We tested it by leaving the tool in for a while, then taking it out and pressing it to some wood. When it failed to burn the wood, we knew it worked. Then I used the forge another month to combine the remaining metal into a small ingot.
I put the forge aside for two months, as I worked on the plans for a magic battery. Since I had sufficient metal, I decided to create a tiny prototype, that might hold a month's worth of magic. I used what I had learned in the proof of concept I built years ago. From what I knew, the geometry can be very important to the magic. While I wrote down the plans of the device, I would then meditate on them over the week, thinking about slight variations, like I had done for other things I had crafted. At the end of the week, I made a new set of plans. One difference was that I considered the plans, not only in the Inanna way, but also considering Isis's magic. Sometimes, I found significant differences. The plans finally settled, and I fired up the forge again, and created the battery.
The battery was built as a mount for a pearl, on a headband. The pearl provided a psychic link to the metal, so it controlled its use. The band was made of silk that I created with some built-in runes. Silk thread was used to sew the mount holding the pearl to the band. The runes were to reduce the magic signature, and to reinforce the item. I initially filled it up with Inanna's sexual magic, as that was the easiest to quickly generate. Then, on a break, I went to the local medical ward, and asked if I could use some of my magic to aid the patients. I selected those with the most-difficult-to-heal maladies, and used Inanna's magic, but the battery's power, to perform the healing. I managed to repair the major injuries of eleven people, before the magic ran out. I thanked them, and left.
I again filled it with sex, but this time, I used it as Isis's shielding power. I then used it as we practiced on each other. The others were surprised at my shielding, but I told them it was an experiment, and not something I planned to use, unless I could use it reliably. When it failed three hours in, I said my test was a success, but that using it this way would not help me in my combat, unless I severely limited its usage. I refilled it once again, and kept it full so that I could use it at need. It was clear that what I would generate in a month was far less than I got through sex, and that Inanna's and Isis's magic both took a lot more than my mage magic.
Now, I needed to make a plan for an item to bring me through time. This needed much higher level magics. I wanted to emulate Inanna's method rather than Isis's method, as with the former, I could move and see. I felt the yearly midnight sun would be a good clock to use for the passage of time. When I pondered the item itself, I was coming up blank. When I spoke of my difficulties to my rune master, but without saying what I was making, he suggested I seek a vision. So, with his help, I took a leave of absence to go through a ritual to bring visions. Suffice it to say, the ritual was disturbing, and I had some nightmares for months. The visions I had then contained what I needed. After recording this, and all I could recall of it, I asked for a violent assignment, as I needed to exorcise my nightmares with battle.
For three months, I was on one battle line after another. Sometimes guarding, but more often providing muscle and healing. While I meant for this to get rid of my nightmares, it also got the attention of Thor. He asked me to accompany him, along with two others to defend a small settlement from a large band led by some dark elves with terrible weapons. While I was an unknown, and not particularly targeted, Thor was. We all fought the dark elves, giving the people of the village time to run. This angered the leaders, who swarmed Thor.
They used underhanded tactics and magics to take Thor out. He wasn't dead, but woozy. But he dropped his hammer. Without bothering with the hammer, they attacked him further and knocked him out. Then they picked him up and started running, leaving the rest of us behind to deal with the minions. I was the first to take down all the ones on me, and I ran after Thor to try to free him. They saw me coming, and one faced me. She was easily as strong as me, but not as fast. Then a second one joined, and caught me by surprise. I flew one way, and my sword another.
I kipped up quickly, then used Isis's power of telekinesis to retrieve my sword, even as I ran back to them. Imagine my surprise when Mjolnir flew to my hand. While I briefly stumbled, adjusting to the weapon, the dark elves were very surprised. As I swung it, I could feel its power, and also a certain affinity with its power. I decided to spend some of the magic in my battery through the hammer, and I wanted it to come forth as lightning, like An allowed me to do. It had an unexpected result. Not only did a bolt emerge and hit all of the dark elves, but a backlash washed over me. Unlike them, it did not harm me, but rather gave me a corona of energy.
I was attacked again, and as I brought my shield to block, the corona discharged into the attacker. I tried it again, and the same thing happened. I could feel the magic battery draining quickly, but the opponents were also weakening quickly. At this point, all three were after me, and Thor was left on the ground. This time, I decided that I needed to take out the strongest, so I focused the bolt only on him, as I attacked him. I then caused the corona to be absorbed into me, to supercharge my nerves, and I became almost three times as fast. I decided to save the remainder of my magic, as I was moving so fast.
With my awareness and speed, they could no longer get solid hits on me, but I was spinning and slamming the hammer into them as hard and fast as I could. Finally, I got a good overhand head shot on the leader, and knocked him out. Losing a third of their attacks, and the strongest third at that, meant they were no longer able to hit me, and they could barely shield themselves. When it comes to fighting to win, I also play dirty, so I stomped on one guy's foot, which gave me an opening. It was enough to take him out. Now I was one on one with the woman, and she only lasted a few seconds. When I was certain they were down, I stopped and released the hammer from my hand, then I dropped to Thor, and used Inanna's healing to learn what was needed to revive him. I cast a spell to disrupt their spell, then used the healing to drive the poison back out the wound.
As he regained consciousnesses, and sat up, I stood and offered him a hand. Then I reached down to pick up the hammer and return it to him, and failed. It did move a lot more than it had the first time I tried.
"Sorry, my friend, but you still cannot lift it."
Grimkel, one of the others said, "Um, Thor, she lifted it. More, she called it, and it came to her."
"What? How, she just failed a moment ago."
"I was calling my own sword with a spell, but your hammer came to me instead."
Grimkel added, "No, your sword came also, just not as fast."
"Might I suggest we secure them before they wake up? I don't think I killed them."
Grimkel and Alfhild secured the prisoners, and disarmed them, as well. Alfhild added, "She also caused it to throw lightning bolts, but they did not act the same."
Thor asked, "How so?"
"When the bolt went out, she was also hit, but on her, it just surrounded her. The first time, it attacked the one who attacked her. The second time, it seemed to go into her, and she sped up. You've seen how fast she can be. Imagine her twice as fast. That hammer was spinning so fast, that a whirlwind gathered around her. They had difficulty attacking her three on one, but when she knocked out one, the fight tilted further and further in her favor."
Thor gazed at me, and asked, "Is this true?"
"I think I went three times as fast, but yes. It happened. They will confirm, and you can likely see the dents I left in them as well." I pointed at the prisoners when I said 'they'. "I may be almost worthy, and rescuing you may have pushed me just enough to be worthy, but handing it to you didn't."
"You speak the truth. It is beyond belief, but it happened. It has been over two centuries since another has wielded the hammer, albeit as briefly as you. Enough of such talk, we must see to the village."
"Let me, I need to ponder this a bit, and you have your hands full."
Grimkel said, "Send Alfhild or myself. When they wake, it will be she who will intimidate them."
Thor looked at me, and realized I needed time, so he said, "Go, Ricci. Tell them it is safe."
I quickly went off, and used my life senses to find them. With my sword sheathed, I said, "Peace. The dark ones have been slain or captured, and it is safe to return."
One asked fearfully, "You are a Valkyrie. Are you here to collect someone?"
"Be at peace, woman. I am here as Thor's companion, not as Odin's servant. We will be leaving shortly, and your homes are now safe." I then walked back to my companions, and we met where we first battled them, leaving dead or unconscious ones behind. We secured the living, and pulled in the dead.
Thor raised his hammer, and a great bolt of lightning lit the sky, and we were back in Asgard, where warriors waited to receive our prisoners. But before they did, everyone stared at me, as I was glowing with an electric corona. I stepped away from the others a bit, then struck the point of my sword in the ground and discharged the corona.
Thor asked me, "What happened?"
"The same as our first encounter. Once I am charged up, I tend to attract lightning until I discharge completely. Did you note the arc of the bolt that peeled off and struck me when we returned?"
"I wasn't sure I saw that, as it was so fast."
"Well it happened, and we are safe now, with prisoners. What say we let these warriors take them."
"Yes. Gentlemen. Please take care of them."
"Yes, lord." His affirmation was followed by assorted commands to take them to the prisons for later determination of what to do with them.
"Come warriors three, and let us see what we have collected from our enemies." He then led us to his quarters. Once there, with the door closed, he said, "No one say anything about Ricci's use of this," he lifted his hammer, "until I have spoken to father. What she did will have an impact, so it is best to tell him first, so he can determine how to handle it."
Immediately, I said, "Not a problem for me. I shall defer to his judgment."
While I could tell Grimkel and Alfhild wanted to argue, my own quick statement took the wind out of their sails. They quietly said they, too, would defer to his judgment.
"Thank you, you most of all, Ricci." I just nodded. "So let's see what they carried." We each piled the loot on a table, and sorted out what they had. We put aside the ordinary and enchanted weapons, as we had better. But I did examine each to verify they were no more than they seemed.
They, likewise, carried some protective items, but even though I had better, I asked, "If I may, I would like to study their enchantments to see if I can discover any secrets of their magic."
Thor said, "Go ahead."
So I placed one each of these common things, as well as one dagger, in a small pile to one side. The few remaining things were unusual, but not particularity interesting, with one exception.
Grimkel said, "Who collected the rock?"
"I did, and it's not a rock. It is living, and it has faint magic."
Thor snapped his head and stared at me, then said slowly, "Living and magical?" I nodded.
Grimkel asked, "What does that mean?"
"I am not sure, but I vaguely recall a legend, and this might be part of it. Another one for father. Does anyone want anything?"
"I might want to keep a token or two for the memories, but nothing truly interests me beyond their magic."
"Then let's get a bag and give it to whatever warrior wants it."
I swiftly created two leather bags, and filled the smaller with the items I wanted to examine. Grimkel filled the other bag, and left with Alfhild. I followed Thor with my little bag. We found Odin on a balcony overlooking the city.
"Father, we have returned."
I noted he saw me, but for now ignored me. "I take it you saved the town?"
"Yes, and Ricci played a significant part, including saving my life. But that is only part of why I come now."
"Something else is more important than saving my son's life?" I said nothing, even though he stared at me.
"Yes, father. Take a look at this." He held out the stone.
"A magical stone? There are many such to be found."
I said, "It is not a stone, and when was the last time such was also living?"
Again looking at me, Odin asked, "How do you know this?"
"I can sense life itself, even the ants at our feet, or the deer beyond bow shot. That is alive." I nodded at it.
His eyes got big, and he said, "I must check the records, but I think this may be a seed of the Yggdrasil."
"I found it on one of the dead dark elves. I knew it was magic, so I collected it. It was only later I realized it was also alive."
"I see what you mean about saving your life not being the most important thing. Speaking of which, thank you, Ricci. Beyond that, what is this significant part you played?"
"Your son had been poisoned, and magic was placed to prevent its cure. While he was being taken away, the three of us continued to fight their minions. I was the first to be free, so I ran to save your son by taking on the ones who took him down. I hoped to delay them long enough for the others to help me. Instead, I was sent flying and lost my sword. I got up, and without looking, I cast a spell to bring me my sword, but in my open hand came Mjolnir. All were momentarily surprised, but since it chose my hand, I made good use of it. During my fight, lightning came, and I was able to increase my speed three times with the hammer, and knocked them all out. I dropped the hammer, and then healed your son. When I went to hand him the hammer, I could not lift it."
"Is this true, my son?"
"I did not see her use it, but the others did. I trust their statement. She has tried to lift it before, and it moved."
"Show me."
I closed my eyes, and meditated to calm and clear my mind. "I am ready."
He placed the hammer on the floor, and I reached down to pick it up. It lifted two inches before falling back down.
"That is extraordinary. I see why my son likes you beyond the obvious charms. As one who can take Mjolnir's bolts, it is clear you have some sort of affinity to lightning, and the fact it budged at all, means you are unusual." He turned to Thor, and said, "How long, son, has it been?"
"At least two centuries, father."
"Something to celebrate, certainly."
Bowing, I said, "Allfather. Please recall my full past, and plan for my future. I would not leave wakes to cause trouble."
Both the bow, and the request startled him, but he soon began thinking. Thor asked, "Father? Is there something I should know?"
Odin shifted to looking to his son, and thought some more. "Son... She is not who you think she is."
"Huh? She is a great warrior, a Valkyrie, and a mage. She is almost worthy enough for Mjolnir. What more can there be?"
"She follows other gods. And more importantly, she is from our future. That is what worries her."
"How can this be? Can time be traveled like a road?"
I nodded, but Odin said, "It is more like a river, and yes, it can. But there is great danger if it happens. She seeks to return, but to the world she knows, not another that takes its place because something changed in her past."
"But what is the correct choice for anything?"
Odin nodded to me, so I said, "I have tried to be anonymous, and not unique and notable. This is difficult when you are a foot-or-more taller than those about you, but as a Valkyrie, people think they know who and what I am. When we met, I was just another warrior. Exceptional in some ways, but easy to define as just another, even if a little better than others."
Odin said, "That is the difficulty. However, I have decided that the choice is out of my hands. Too many know and saw this. Therefore, people will talk. So. Go to the hall and make your boasts, but treat her the same, as though just by being with you was enough to make her worthy. Many others have similar hopes, so they will enjoy it."
"As you wish."
"Give me the seed, and I shall secure it. You two go and tell your tales."
We left, and when we joined the other two, we began our celebration. In time, the crowd asked for a tale, and Thor began it, but left it at, "... they knocked me out, and I knew no more until it was over."
The crowd clamored for the rest of the tale, and he said, "For that, my friend, Ricci, shall regale you, for it was her story then."
The crowd clamored some more, so I stood and held my hands out for attention. When it got quiet, I said, "We saw Thor go down, and be taken. Our chase was delayed because we were still fighting our own dark elves. I was lucky,..."
I continued to spin the tale as I had been taught, and it was clear I was captivating them, and the big reveal caused utter silence, which I milked as I continued. I told all the effects that happened, but without explanation of why they happened. I ended it with my healing of Thor. Then I sat back down.
Many questions were asked, but our companions confirmed it, but added, "We're not sure who was in control, Ricci or Mjolnir."
I strenuously objected, saying, "I was always in control... because Mjolnir let me be in control." That brought tremendous laughter.
I should have known the story would make it back to my sisters before I did. They also wanted to know all about it, and I told them, but I added that afterwards, when I tried to hand the hammer back, I could not lift it. I chose not to mention the two inches I did a short time ago.
That night, not only did I sleep peacefully, but when I woke up, I knew I would no longer be bothered by the nightmares I had been having. I requested being returned to normal duty, and was given two days, since that is when I would rejoin the rotation. I decided to refill the battery, and managed it in one night, as I was in high demand from the story.
A few days later, word came down from the elders that Odin had decided my required service was complete. They assumed it was because I saved his son, but I think it may also have been to free me to return when I could. Especially, since they added that Odin said I could remain as long as I desired.
My concept for the magic item was as a belt. It would be made of Uru, massive enough to hold a sufficient amount of magic to send me forward into the future. It would have a boss in the shape of the Yggdrasil. The boss would have the enchantment to move me forward, while also covering me in the solid illusion of a large rock.
Designing the spell was difficult. I had discussions with a number of mages, and rune masters. I meditated a lot as well, not only in the imagination to shape the spell, but on my memories of time travel and portal travel. An odd insight from the portals, was the use of the astral to take me partially out of the flow of time. This meant that the spell would be based in the astral with me, and so would expend far less magic as it would be used for a shorter astral of time. The illusion, on the other hand, would be in reality, and use magic in the longer real time.
Finally, I had drawn up my boss, and determined the size of battery I would need. It was far too large to wear. So I decided to reduce its size to one tenth the amount. It would still be a wide and thick belt, but one that would look acceptable. I also created a spell to take the place of a bellows for my forge. It would cause air to be blown in where I desired, and at a rate I wanted, and could adjust on the fly. I then made an appointment with the dwarves, for my next lesson, and aid with the boss.
I arrived, with the forge packed up on Smoke in the winged horse form, as I rode Skydancer. I was greeted, and they were curious why I brought a small forge. Soon, I was set up in Berling's smithy. I demonstrated its enchantment of holding heat, and my spell of the bellows. He was pleased with my ingenuity, and commended my design for using far less fuel. He also praised my Uru tool set that could work the forged metal without absorbing much heat. He said that with these, the forming would go faster, because there would be far less need to reheat.
We spent the rest of the day going over my plans for the boss, and for the belt. A lot of the discussions was how to accomplish the task. While it was clear he would have done things differently, he guided my own plans into better plans by applying his own experience. He also explained why he recommended the changes, and how he would have done it. Most of the time I felt his improvements were as good as the alternative, but twice I scrapped my method in favor of his, and it was my suggestions that influenced them. Tomorrow was going to be the big day, the day I began creating the instrument of my return.
I ensured Skydancer was well cared for, with plenty of food and water. I also created a tent to spend the night in. Berling had offered to provide a bed, but upon seeing the beds available, and the rooms, he accepted my reluctance. In the morning, I saw to Skydancer again, before going back to the smithy. I brought my supplies with me, and we got started. It took over a week for me to be satisfied with the boss. Master Berling said the forge cut the time needed by more than half, to make the fancy boss. Likewise, my tiny enchanted Uru tools also saved a lot of time. He said I was a master jeweler, as he had worked with such before, so he knew it would take him a lot longer to get the detail I had. Each day, I had used the battery to power the bellows, but I used my own power to invest in the enchantments, as I didn't want to drain the battery and cause inconsistent temperatures. This meant I was wiped each evening. Master Berling said that without my skill, forge, tools, and bellows spell, the enchantment would have taken at least two months, if not more.
I spent two more days with Berling and his family, making use of his smithy to polish the boss to completion. I also cleaned and packed up my forge. Finally, Skydancer, Smoke, and I went back. The battery was a lot easier to make, but doing it took another three months with my schedule. The last part was charging the battery. I needed a stronger source, and the best was ley lines. If I could find a place where several crossed, it would make a great place to tap into the power. I began with finding a nearby line, and I was told it was a weaker one. But I went there, and created a spell to see it. The spell development took a lot of time, so I had to return on the next break to actually tap into the line. With that goal accomplished, I needed to find a strong source. I again made the rounds of the mages I knew, and learned of several places in Midgard. I spent a few months charging for a day, at each of the places, to evaluate which was best.
I was ready. I informed the elders that I was ready, but I didn't want to leave them in the lurch, so I offered to stay a short while more, to enchant some weapons, and to also allow time for some parties. The next day, they thanked me for my service, and asked if I would enchant nine blades. I agreed, and three weeks later, with the blades enchanted, and several blowout parties, I was ready to leave. They let me keep my gear, as I was able to make all of it, anyway. I had one last stop before leaving. I had asked for a few moments of Odin's time to say goodbye. He turned it to an hour-long meeting, asking me my opinions on the Valkyrie, and also giving me a lot of advice. Finally, he gave me a hearty handshake, and said goodbye. Thor had said his goodbye at one of the blowouts.
I began my journey to the ley line intersection I had chosen. I cast my tent, and spent nearly three weeks powering up the belt. Smoke hunted to provide meat, and I created fruits and vegetables, as well as the wood for the fire. I then dispelled the camp, and activated the boss, but only with a small amount of magic. I wanted to verify it worked.
I could see the sun speed up its traversal of the sky, and soon, it was flickering across, leaving me in a twilight. As I gauged its orbit raising and lowering, I saw the seasons pass. When one year had passed, I stopped the artifact, and the sun's passage slowed, until it stood still. I took an hour to top off the belt, since it used a little more than I expected. I then went back to town to verify I had only endured a year, and that it was about when I expected. With some careful questioning, I learned I had indeed achieved my goal. Heading back, I activated it, and counted the passing years. The belt allowed me to go just over ninety years by my count.
I spent three weeks recharging the belt, then I went into town. I spent a week there, listening to tales of the world, and having sex in the evening. Returning to the ley lines, I then leapfrogged another near century. I repeated this cycle until I was in the twentieth century. I recharged one last time. Converting pearls to cash and jewels, I took passage to America, and stayed in New York for a time. It was just before World War II, so I knew a lot of what was about to happen. I decided to set up an investment company, 'Ricci Investments', and invested most of my current wealth, and some additional wealth in the form of pearls. I invested in companies I knew would get a lot bigger over the years. I set the company up so that I would check in about once a year, but that they could also accept other investments as they desired. I wanted them to handle all the taxes, so I would own the company, and when I sold it sometime in the future, I could gain full value. While somewhat odd, I got my way.
That took nearly a month. Before I went forward, I made another bunch of pearls. Walking into Central Park, I went into the future by a year. Returning to real time, I rented a hotel room. I converted as many pearls as I could to cash, then went to the company and gave them the cash to invest in the same companies, adding to the shares I bought. I continued skipping ahead by about a year, and increasing my investment each time. I also used an illusion on myself to look a little older every few times I leaped time.
Finally, I was within a year of when I was kidnapped. I chose to see if I could advance only a few months, and so I carefully counted the days. When I was about thirty days away, I stopped. I successfully timed it, as I was only twenty seven days away. I sent a letter to the watcher house for the Norse watcher. In it, I asked for a meeting with Thor. I said an old friend would be there. I set a date a few days after my kidnapping. From a hotel room, I proceeded to sell the company, and placed the value in one of my other accounts. Dealing with the taxes took most of the time I had left.
I left the city the day after I was kidnapped, and took a train to my home anonymously. I used cash, and my ability to command. I arrived, and called Filipe to meet me in the back yard. He was shocked at my appearance. "What happened to you?"
"I was kidnapped and taken back in time. I have spent many years getting back."
"Do you know who, or why?"
"Loki, and his obsession for generating trouble, especially for his brother, Thor."
"Well, you're back. Let's go in, and tell the others."
"Yes, but you go first. I'll follow in five minutes, so you can tell the others I have aged."
"Okay." He left, and I followed. Everyone was together in the larger living room, including Cleopatra and Layla. There was a collective shock, when I arrived in the room.
"Yes, family, I have aged over fifteen years in only a few hours. What some of you do not know, is that time travel is possible. I have so traveled three times now. First when Inanna called me from the past. The second time was to assist Isis in reviving Osiris. And now, I have been kidnapped by Loki. Unlike the other times, I had to figure out my own way back. It took a long time figuring out how, but that is not why I am so aged. Loki also gave me amnesia, so I forgot who I was for over a decade."
Filipe asked, "Who did you think you were?"
"I became Ricci Olafdottir, a Norse mercenary. My skill brought me to the attention of Odin, and I became a Valkyrie. Only later, did I regain my memory."
Cleopatra said, "You were a Valkyrie? That's so cool. What's it like."
Lalya added, "Yeah, cool. Tell us everything."
For the next three hours, I told stories about my time as a viking. Finally, I said, "Enough for now. I need to unpack and rest. I'll tell more tales later."
Filipe followed me to our room, and so did Isis. While Filipe helped me unpack, Isis said, "I might be able to help erase those extra years."
I turned and said, "How?"
"When first we met, I wiped a few years off of your body. As my priestess, I can do that again."
Filipe said, "Let her do it. Don't let Loki win. Take back the years he took."
"Are you sure you want me to do that?"
"Yes."
"Okay." Turning to Isis, I asked, "What must I do?"
"First, we need to go to Egypt, and get some water from the Nile."
"No we don't. I have some here." I then cast my fetch spell, and brought the globe of Nile water and handed it to her.
"Full of surprises, aren't you?" I smiled. "Now we need a suitable vessel to hold this. Do you remember the font in my temple?" I nodded. "Good. Where shall we place it?"
"How about next door? When the remodeling is over, it will be your place. Having a shrine on the property would be appropriate."
"You're right. Let's go."
I followed her, and we went next door. She chose a place out back for the shrine. I offered to create it, and with the aid of a series of illusions, we settled on a design. Then I created the shrine, with a good foundation, and made of stone, wood, and assorted metals. That I created it in under an hour impressed her. Once built, a little larger than a small garage, we designed the font. When it was built, she placed her hands on it, and I felt a wave of divine energy infuse the building, and a separate enchantment on the font. She had me remove the top of the ball, then she levitated the water out, and into the font. When the ball was empty, she asked me to take care of it. So I just reshaped it into a glass sculpture of her, and placed it by the wall. She smiled at that.
"Let me control your body, and I will take care of the rest."
I nodded. Suddenly I levitated, and my clothes were stripped off and laid aside. Then I was moved over the font. She reached out and touched the water, and it glowed. Slowly, I was lowered into it, and it tingled. Despite it being only about three inches deep, I continued to go down without touching anything but water. I could feel the current of the Nile. When my head went under, I kept my eyes open. I could see it was a different time of day wherever I was. When I was fully below, I could tell I was subtly glowing. Suddenly, I could feel the water flowing through my body, passing through every part. I saw some of the water leaving with a different glow that diminished, while at the same time, the glow on me also diminished. When the last of the glows left me, my body rose up. She then lowered me back on the ground.
I used telekinesis to strip the water from my body, and placed it back into the font. When I could feel almost no more moisture on me, I asked, "Would you like to add a full length mirror here? I want to see myself."
"Hmm... Yes, over there."
I created it, and matched the feel of the shrine, then looked at myself. I looked years younger. When I looked back at her, I said, "Thank you, Lady Isis." I also bowed.
"Undoing the bad effects of your kidnapper is a pleasure. As to what to do with him, that in another thing."
"I already have plans."
"Oh?"
"Yes. I think a summit with you, Inanna, Filipe and I to discuss it would be best. Would after dinner be good?"
"Yes. I shall bring Osiris as well, as he is family."
"Good."
We then left the shrine. I used telekinesis to retrieve my clothes, but chose to stay naked. I briefly went in to show Filipe, and put the clothes in the laundry hamper, then went swimming until dinner. After dinner, still naked, I spoke my plans, and intent. They gave some additional refinements, but thought the plan was good. Unfortunately, my letter was either ignored, or intercepted, as the meeting time came and went without anyone showing. A second meeting with Inanna and Isis came up with the modification of me using my second gate to go directly to Asgard, as I knew it well.
So I took out my Valkyrie uniform and weapons, and spent two days making them clean and gleaming, as though just made. I then visualized the field I ran in most days for exercise. When it locked in, I stepped through. I then had Smoke show as a winged horse, and I mounted him. We then flew to Odin's palace, and landed. Then I dismissed him.
I asked the first guard I came to, "Is Odin here today?"
"He is. Who are you? I don't recognize you."
"I am Ricci Olafdottir, a former Valkyrie. I have business with the Allfather."
He realized that I must have done something important to look this young and be retired. So he straightened his spine, and said, "Go on in, he may be with Thor, as he also arrived recently."
"That is good, as my business may involve Thor, as well. Thank you." I nodded then went in. Further in, I was briefly stopped, as I was not known to the inner guard, but when they scanned my attire and magic, they realized it was authentic, if antiquated style. Then they let me by.
I heard Odin with Thor before I saw them. I waited a few steps away, hoping they would stop arguing long enough to acknowledge me. After a minute, I gave a short cough, and when that didn't work, I gave a louder one. Both looked irritated as they looked at me, but first Odin, then Thor, recognized me.
Odin said, "Ricci? Is that you?"
"Yes. I have finally arrived home where I belong. It is time to give your other son his reckoning. I lack the power to do much of anything to him, except maybe giving him a beat down. However, he deserves something stronger. For that, I require your consent and aid."
Thor said, "What has he done to you?"
"You met me a long time ago, but I was born less than a century ago. He took me back in time, and away from my family, without my knowledge or consent. I was here for over a decade before I knew who I was, as he had given me amnesia. I spent well over a year creating a way to return to my own time. He kidnapped me, and took years of my life. I am not a mere peasant, but the high priestess of the goddess Inanna, the high priestess of the goddess Isis, a priestess of the god An, a priestess of the goddess Aja, and finally a priestess of the divine mountain Everest. I also am a close friend of a dragon, and of Lord Monkey of the Celestial Empire. My name is Becky Sue Tate. Yes, the same one that the divine conference was concerned with. I am the mother of Cleopatra and Layla, both full goddesses. Allfather, your son has attacked one who is highly valued, and should pay for it. Will you grant me justice?"
"Thor, our... discussion... can wait. Loki is currently elsewhere, but when he is next found, he will be brought before me, and answer for his crime."
I bowed, and said, "Thank you, Allfather. I trust you will give him what he deserves. I do have one small personal favor to ask. The gate I used to get here is one way. If I could be shown a way home, I would be thankful. Anywhere on Midgard is fine, as once I am there, I can make my way home easily."
Odin asked, "You used a gate that leads here?"
"Yes, one I made years ago."
"How did you know you needed to come to Asgard?"
"I did not. The gate will go wherever you can show it. I have strongly hidden it, and also made the activation difficult to guess. Only a few know of it, and I trust them to be silent about it."
"Where did you arrive? The city is watched for rogue portals."
"When I was active as a Valkyrie, I would go on long runs outside the city. I know that land, and that is where I arrived."
He nodded, and said, "That was wise. Had you arrived in the city, you would have seen a strong reaction. Thor, why don't you take Becky Sue with you and send her on her way. Perhaps visit a few places, for old time's sake. I will consider further your points on our... discussion."
"I will, father."
"Again, thank you, Allfather." I followed Thor.
We walked to another part of the building. He said, "I have some warriors I want to introduce you to."
"I think it might be best to refer to me as Ricci. I don't want to confuse people who only know of me as Ricci, and Becky Sue might get unwanted attention."
Thor introduced me to a number of his friends as Ricci, and I welcomed them. We swapped stories for a while, then went elsewhere and repeated the tale swapping. At the last place, he spotted a Valkyrie, and he asked her to take me to their place to reunite me with old friends. He also delegated my safe return to her. It didn't take long for me to reunite with some of the women I had worked with long ago. I noted their armor looked a lot more modern, including winged helmets. The most common question was how I was here after so long since I was human. I just replied that magic was responsible. At one point, I was taken to the smithy, and I saw my portable forge was still there.
Finally, I saw an elder who knew where a suitable portal was. She indicated it was several hours of flight, or a few-days-ride away. She asked what kind of mount I had. I told her I could summon a winged horse. She invited me to spend the night. The next day she led me to the gate, and I thanked her.
At last, I was home. Several months later, a messenger came and related to me what happened to Loki when they caught up to him.
But that is another story...