I am going to back up a bit and bring some perspective to how a lot of this behavior came about.
I have always been a bit of an exhibitionist. It really became a part of my life when I met and became engaged to a real free spirit girl named Kathleen, in the mid 1980's. It was the end of the 'free love' era and I was dating this flower child, who never gave up that free spirit lifestyle.
Katie, as we all knew her, would never wear a bra to hold / cover her 34 'C' breasts. She would disguise her nipple erections with band-aides stretched across the areola. Wearing peasant style blouses, which would indeed blouse out when she bent over, and she knew the 'show' she was putting on for those who wanted to watch.
Over Labor Day weekend, I invited my old College roommate and his then girlfriend, also known as Cathleen (Cathy from here on) to dinner at my apartment. After a bottle of scotch and several six packs of beer, I guess Paul had had one too many quick views down Katie's blouse, and, as she sat across the room from him, he drunkenly verbalized how nice it would be to see her breasts, live and for a long duration. Katie obliged him by lifting her blouse clear off her body, allowing her long hair to drop over her chest. Paul was disappointed that his 'view' was incomplete, so I went over to Katie's back and with two hands slowly gathered her long hair, lifting her hair from her chest and held it tightly behind her head. I then pulled it all down, gently, pulling her head back and causing her to thrust her chest out and at Paul. My free hand went to her nipples and I pinched each one causing Katie to shiver with delight and laughter. Paul was now hosting a very large erection and it was very obvious.
At this point he, again in a drunken state, said, "Well if you have gone this far why not take it all off".
To which Katie did, indeed, stand up and dropped her jeans (no panties on, mind you). She sported a well groomed light brown bush which when back-lite, revealed a very delicate slit... no outer labia or other fleshy parts. She then sat down and began to flash Paul as his he squirmed with his confined erection.
Not to be outdone, I wasted no time in completely dis-robing and joined my girlfriend in total nakedness.
Paul was moments away from doing the same, as his girl, Cathy, starred on in total disbelief at watching two naked men and a naked female in close proximity to her. And she was still clothed!
We cat-called and teased her into removing all her clothes save her panties. Her breasts, I knew were big, turned out to be at least a pair of 44 DD size. As this was happening, both Paul and I were trading erections, which would rise and fall, depending on the attention each received.
Paul now asked to fondle Katie's breasts, at which I thought Cathy would reach out and smack him. But she just shrugged and let him approach Katie. He stood in front of her, cock in close proximity to her mouth and leaned down, took a breast in each hand and began to squeeze and rub and pinch her nipples. Katie looked to me for approval and I just looked over to her and made a kissing movement with my mouth. With that Katie took Paul's cock into her mouth and began to swirl her tongue around his cocks head. Cathy was sitting to the side and in back of them and could not see this action, and if she did, she didn't let on.
I began to slowly stroke my rod, and invited Katie to join me on the couch. We were now sitting opposite both Paul and Cathy. My hand went to Katie's pussy as she began to play with my erection. Cathy seemed a little embarrasses as we fondled each other and said the she and Paul needed a lot of foreplay before they had sex. Now, I thought to myself, would be a good time to be an exhibitionist.
I stood up and lifted Katie from the couch, motioned her to get onto the carpeted floor. On her back, I moved her legs apart and settled in between them, moving my erection into place. Slowly I moved forward as my cock parted her very wet outer lips. In one more push, I was inside her, all the way.
I began ever-so-gentle movements within her pussy when Paul asked, "Are you really fucking her?"
I leaned into Katie's ear and asked, "Want to really shock these two prudes?"
She just grinned back at me as I shifted my position to a 69 and parted her labia, burying my mouth and tongue in her pussy. Katie, for her part, sucked, licked and generally deep throated my cock. I heard either Paul of Kathy take a deep breath and make some comments to each other. We broke from this position and I lifted her up, and proceeded to fuck her standing and slowly turning, so that they both could see my cock well into her. I then sat us down on the couch, Katie in my lap, and did a kind of reverse cow-girl, where she is facing away from me, but facing Paul and Cathy. They could clearly see my cock moving in and out of her dripping pussy and watched as I reached to her front, held her breasts and squeezed her nipples. Occasionally, one hand would drop to her pussy and I would play with her clit, causing her to squirm and squeal with pleasure.
As pressure in my balls increased, I released Katie from my lap, and she slid to her knees, turned to face my cock and sucked on me. As I neared orgasm, I pushed her head away and came on her chest and legs as our audience watched. We must have made an impression as Paul now had a puddle of cum in his lap and on his chest, and Cathy was sporting some very we panties and sat in a large wet spot.
As they dressed to leave, Katie reached out and gave Pauls' 'junk' good squeeze as he did a final fondle of her breast.