My name is Joan, I live next to Mark who you heard from in New Home Comes with a Great View! To give you a little information if you have not read that story. Mark is our neighbor whose bay window faces ours, and with only 5ft (1.52 m) of space required between the foundation and lot line in our development, it makes our windows less than 10ft (3.05 m) apart, the room you are sitting in is probably wider than that. Both of our windows are wide enough to give natural light and a view to both of our great rooms and kitchens, they even provide a more distant view of our hallways.
Mark and I continue to have our same voyeur-exhibitionist relationship, and have occasional threesomes when my husband John is home for weekends, I guess most of them you can call cuckold. My husband John loves watching Mark fuck me, and often logs into our security system cams when he is out of town for work. Sometimes he sets up the cam on his laptop, so I can watch him masturbate while I am getting fucked.
The story I am telling you now is one about when my sister Samantha came to stay with me after her husband ran off with a woman from their church.
Let me tell you a little about Sam, she is my older sister by two years, and we love each other. But our lifestyles could not be more different. Sam married Luke after high school. Luke was raised as a fanatical Christian in a very conservative church, and denomination. She dated him all through high school, and married him shortly after they graduated. To date, he was her only sex partner. Once they were married, and she joined his church, she was no longer the happy-go-lucky sister I had known growing up. In their church woman wore little if any make-up, and dressed very plain and conservative. I don't need to explain this much more to you, I am sure you have encountered people like them in your everyday lives. Their doctrine was that women were to be subservient to their husbands in every way.
Samantha's husband started to be away more and more evenings, and told her he was doing God's work. If you call fucking the church secretary God's work that is. In reality, he he got the seven-year itch, she found out, and complained to the pastor, and long story short, he said it was her fault, and she was no longer welcome at the church, but her husband was. Fucked Up, but I am proud of her for leaving him, she needs to get a life. She has no clue how the rest of us live, but I am about to teach her.
Monday
I invited her to stay with us for a while, as long as it takes to get her on a normal path in life, or until the two of us start fighting. I picked her up at the airport shortly after I had taken John there for his flight out. We had a nice dinner and then arrived home.
I should tell you, I had a 5-day plan in place. One that I had discussed with my husband John, and our neighbor and my part-time fuck buddy Mark. My plan was to try to get her in some sexier clothes, and try to get her more comfortable exposing her sexy body to others. She is very pretty, just two years older than me, slightly taller, more curves, shoulder-length blond hair, and piercing blue eyes to go with it. Mark looked at her photo, and even with her plain dress, blond hair up in a bun on her head, and lack of makeup he said she was sexy.
Mark simply said, "I can work with that, some church women live double lives, most of the ones that don't, have a lot of suppressed desires. Once you get them to open up, they'll want to fuck you to death."
I hoped he was right, but told him he was going to have to go slow to not spook her. We started that night with our plan. As she came out of the guest bedroom with her hair down she already looked better, but her long flannel pajamas had to go. I took her into my bedroom and got her three of my nighties to use while she was with us. She protested even getting naked in front of her own sister to try them on. We had our work cut out for us. She looked so sexy in the first one she put on, but it was too big of leap for her, and complained that too much of her breast were showing. She is better equipped in that area than I, and has more to cover. I finally got her to put on a basic teddy with full panties.
We sat in the great-room in our nighties, and the first thing she said was; "are you going to close your curtains?"
I told her no, we have a nice neighbor who looks out for me next door, and he is pleasant to look at. Like magic, he appeared at his fridge in a muscle shirt and loose fitting workout shorts.
She put her arms over her breast that were already covered pretty well and said, "does he always dress like that, does he look over here a lot."
"Yes and Yes," I replied, "I told you he looks after me, and sometimes he shows more of himself, and so do I in return."
"You are so naughty sis. I don't think we should do this."
"Well you are going to have to if you are staying here. You are not my bossy big sis anymore, at my place we are just, two girls having fun."
I left her for a while to do some things in the laundry, it was Mark's time to work his magic. He took my cue and started to lift weights, he had moved his bench in the corner of the great-room ahead of time with the foot of it close to the window. When I came back, he had taken off his shirt to slowly wipe off the sweat that was glistening on his chest. Then he worked his way down to his six-pack abs as he sat there trying not to look at us. He had his legs on the sides of the bench, and up the legs of his shorts there was his big cock that you could see when his leg was in the right position. No doubt he was giving her a preview, acting as if it was unintentional, but I never seen him in that pair of shorts before, loose legged and short. I was getting turned on, and was glad John and I fucked before he left.
"Do you see what he is doing right in front of us, I think I see his penis up his shorts, it must be a big one." Sam said.
I replied, "Well there is hope for you, you are not totally dead yet sexually, is he not hot, and pleasant to look at?"
"Yes, but he can see us in our nighties, I would not even wear this one in front of Luke."
I wanted to say, "I wonder if the lady he was fucking wore flannel pajamas to seduce him," but I managed not to.
I told her that I was tired and I know you stay up for the news, so just turn off the TV when you do, and I gave her a kiss on her forehead.
I could not wait to get Mark's report the next morning, because I knew I would hear little from her if anything.
Tuesday
I was up first and went out on the patio to talk to Mark on the phone. He told me he used the sweat from his workout for an excuse to shower, and gave her a flash on his way to the bedroom. Telling me he was careful not to look when he came out of the bathroom door naked, drying his hair, and stood as long as he thought he could. He said thinking about my sister looking at him caused him to start getting an erection as he did, so he hurried into the bedroom. Then he told me when he came back out, she was still there, had her legs parted just a little. He thought she might even have had a hand down there, but she hurriedly put her knees together. He felt it was enough to show her on the first night and put a tee shirt and boxers on to watch TV. I told him he was doing good, she already said she seen your penis a little when you were lifting, her eyesight must not be too good, because she said it looked kind of big.
He replied, "you will be begging for this little penis in a couple of days, when you get horny."
Sam got up shortly after, and we had breakfast. I told her it was time for yoga and handed her a pair of yoga pants and a tube type top. She asked me if I would close the blinds, if she put that top on for yoga, the top would barely cover her breast. I just said, of course not, and she let it go. I showed her some basic yoga and then went about my routine. When I was done I complained I was hot, and took my top off and exposed my sports bra that covered me better than the top I gave her. She looked at me but, bit her lip. I thought, wait till tomorrow, and I do it without the bra.
I managed to get her in a pair of shorts and summer top, and to let her hair down. We were sitting on the patio when Mark came over to give me some junk mail marked occupant that he claimed was put in his box by mistake, good thinking. I introduced him and she shyly shook his hand. He told her he was glad to see that natural beauty ran in our family, she blushed a little. He did not over do his stay, he had his usual nylon workout shorts on. I could see he was starting to get turned on just seeing who he had been flashing up close, we talked about the good weather, before he excused himself. She said he was really good looking and said she could see why you leave drapes open. It was only Tuesday and I missed my weekday fuck from Mark already, this could be torture for me and him, he is a good friend to help me with this.
We sat around most of the day to catch up and get the straight skinny on her soon to be ex. It was unbelievable what he had done to her. It made me more determined to have her sexy by her first court appearance. I wanted him to see what he was losing. He had the balls to use her dress prescribed by the church, as one of the reasons they were no longer compatible. Sam did not live in an equal distribution of assets state, and he was fighting dirty. I was the little sister, but I knew I was going to have to take charge and make sure she had the best attorney her county could offer. John makes good money, so we could loan her the retainer.
Mark kept to his office most of the day, and after dinner I got Sam to try a long island ice tea, is there a better drink to give a rookie to give them a buzz, and loosen them up? I figured I better get her in the hot tub before it hit. Then she came out of her bedroom in a one-piece suit with a skirt almost to her knees, we have a Amish settlement near here and I seen girls from there, showing more skin. I managed to bite my tongue, and told her that John and I wear nothing in the tub, but I would let her wear one of my two-piece suits. I picked out the most modest bikini I had and told her it was a two piece. Again her bosom's overflowed one of my tops, and the bottom barely covered her only partly trimmed bush. I was not going to give in and I stripped naked at the tub. She said, I see you have foliage for privacy, but what if Mark would come over and see you naked, and me with my breast partly showing.
I told her that would be great and invite him in, she took it as some of my sarcasm, and then I told her Mark knows I have a guest and would not come back here. I think I detected a slight look of disappointment. I let her ask for the second drink, she was in the tub and had not been on her feet since she downed the first one, saying, "I like this drink, it tastes just like sweet tea."
Well it loosened her lips a little, she asked me if Mark knows we can see him in his hallway? She confessed she watched him drying off after the shower, and she got a little tingle down there from seeing him naked and watching his penis getting bigger. She said it was only the 2nd adult man's penis she had seen, and it looked like a big one. I had no idea of the depth of her naivety sex wise. She was impressed, and told me that the only penis she had seen was her husband's, and it is not nearly that long or thick, and of course the tiny ones we used to see when we babysat and had to change a dirty diaper.
I had heard in school that her husband Luke had a pencil dick, I thought it was just talk, but it sounds like its true. After the second long island tea she asked if he showered like that every night, I told her he does have his routines, and that I was sure he didn't know we could see his hall that well. She was buzzed and horny, so I figured I could get away with saying, you ain't seen nothing yet sis.
We went in the house both of us tipsy, and showered before we put on our nighties. She went with the sexiest one, but said it was because it was white, and she figured Mark would not be able to see the blond pubic hair it did not cover. Wow, she was buzzed, I told her I would help her with the pubic hair problem, if she could take a little pain. She giggled, and said, "as long as I have one of these ice teas first."
That was the sense of humor I missed from her all these years. We sat and watched TV as Mark did his workout with his sexy briefs on, this time. He was hard already when he laid down on the bench, and you could see the outline of his cock in his tight briefs. She focused in on it, and I could see her nipples get hard. He wiped down his sweat again and went in the bedroom, came out naked to go to the shower, paused to yawn and stretch, and pretended to have forgotten something and went back to the bedroom. He came back out stopped in the hall again facing us, pretending to read the label on the shampoo or body wash he was carrying, and then he entered. His acting skills were improving, but this was not a speaking part.
Sis was all bright-eyed and was making sure to keep her eyes on his place, and not miss anything. This time he walked out naked still drying his body taking his good ole time, holding his cock with one hand as he made sure to dry his crotch, then just by its head, to dry it and his balls, and did it all very slowly. He did a good job stretching out the show he was giving her, then he even went back for a fresh towel for his hair. After he dried it, he threw the towel over his shoulder, walked through the kitchen to put it in the laundry, you could see it growing as he went through the kitchen, he knew we were there, but managed not to look and get busted, he even stopped for some water on his way back, giving us over a 5-minute show of a fit naked man's ass and his growing cock. It was starting to stick straight out when he was done and turned to go to the bedroom.
Looking over at her, I could see she was almost drooling, but I had to ask her what she thought of his penis before the drink wore off. She said, "it's beautiful and a big one alright, you are so lucky to get this kind of live show at night, I wouldn't tell him you can see his penis. I mean, he might close his curtains, and that would be bad for us."
She was warming up with the help of the alcohol, I figured it was a good time as any to give her a little more info, and broke the news to her saying, "the view we get comes with a price, I have to show a little now and then to make it fair. When he comes back out, he is going to see me topless, I am going to take my top off till I go to bed. I think if you tried it, you might enjoy showing those fabulous breast of yours off, do you want to join me?"
"Oh, no, I have never shown them to any other man then Luke, that would be too much for me I think."
I had a reply for that statement, but it would have been mean. I pulled the top of my nightie up over my head exposing my breast, and waited for Mark to come out and acknowledge it. He walked over to the window and threw me a kiss, so I asked Sam, "he is so cute, don't you want a kiss from him too?"
"Can I have some more ice tea first, and then we'll see?" she replied.
It's your last one I told her, you don't want a hangover, then I got us both one. We were about half-way through the next tea when Mark walked past his window, and more than just the tip of his penis was sticking out the leg of his briefs, he had turned on more lights and the big TV after his shower. I was afraid he went too far, she choked on her tea, and spit a little out when she seen his cock so close up. He paused just a few seconds, he was getting stiffer, and was showing his knob and about 3 more inches of hard-on, then he pretended to just realize it was out, and pulled on the material to try and cover it, as he mouthed, "I'm sorry" at us.
She was fucked up, and said, "he is so nice, he realized his penis was sticking out, and said he was sorry."
Then she lifted her nightie over her head exposing her beautiful breast. What a treat Mark got from her, he gave her two thumbs up, one for each tit I guess, then he threw her a kiss. We were way ahead of schedule for night two on this project. When I excused myself to go to bed, I could see her panties were wet. I sent Mark a text from the bedroom and told him, stay hard, she is loving it, make sure it is out every time you get up, then try to cover it, but that is enough for one night.
His reply a short one, No Problem, Big Tits=Erection
Wednesday
The next morning we had breakfast she was embarrassed as she talked to me. I said spit it out. She confessed she had held a pillow on her lap the night before, "then put her fingers down there," was her exact words. "He is so cute, watching him adjust his briefs to cover his hard penis made me do it. I tried not to, the pastor told us that women masturbating was a sin."
I said, "do you really think Luke, and even your pastor does not masturbate?"
She said, "Yes, but men are different."
I quickly replied, "No they are not, we have our needs, and have the right to have some pleasure too."
I talked her into topless yoga that morning, it was a tough sell with her sober, but I told her if we keep our end of the deal, maybe he will forget we are here and get that big thing all the way out. John is not going to be back till the weekend and I might need to have a reason to stimulate myself too. I received no reply, but she did shyly walk into the great-room to our mats topless.
I wish I had her breast, they are the perfect size, it's a shame she has had to hide them all this time. Mark was standing there and gave us some applause we could only see and not hear. We continued with our yoga and I did some advance moves like the "Y." A move that Mark likes so much. After I finished, he pulled down his briefs, pointed to me, then to his hard cock, (that meant it was my fault.) Sam said that is amazing that you are that limber and strong, and boy did it make his penis get hard. I told her that he loves it, and I bet if I got the courage to do it when I am doing my yoga naked, he might masturbate for us. She listened, but had her eyes on his cock as he decided to do some bench presses au naturel and with a rock hard cock, it was pretty fucking hot. He picked his briefs up and left after we had finished.
We had some of the special ice tea after dinner, two of them before I got my wax kit out. The first time is pretty painful, then after that, it gets a little less each time, I think you just get used to the pain and block it. I felt a little uncomfortable trimming it down first, then spreading wax on my sisters pussy. You have to get down there to make sure you get all of it, so I figured we used to bathe together and pee in front of each other. She is who taught me how to put in a tampon, our mom still used those big pads. She was a trouper during the waxing, I would tell her to get ready when I was going to pull the wax off, and taught her to sing the first line of the song, "Oklahoma," LOUD, and sang it with her as I did, it's better than screaming and gives you the same effect. I would not be surprised if Mark did not hear us from his place.
She was pretty red down there afterwards, but I gave her some cream to numb it for a while, and no I didn't apply it you pervs. It would help make the redness go away too. I told her I would go ahead of her to the great-room and turn down the lights, so she did not have to put her panties on. I told her the teddy would cover it anyway. I got tired that night, and I said I was going to bed early, she said she was tired too, but wanted to wait until Mark took his shower. But right after she would go to bed, because it hurts, and she did not want to be tempted to put her fingers down there again.
Thursday
Thursday was the break through day, she was quick to admit she turned the TV off after I left so he might not see her. Then she told me it worked because she seen his penis get really hard this time from drying it. "He just walked around that way and sat down to watch his TV. He had that naked and scared show on, and I could not see because of the chair arm, but he had his hand down there, and it made me want to, I tried it anyway, but it hurt. So I had to go to bed and missed him getting up again. But I got to see a lot of his penis, I just love his big penis. I want to see more of it."
That was a pretty good lead in for me, but was still nervous when I told her today was nude yoga day, and our best chance to see his whole penis up close and for a while.
She said, "I like seeing his, but I don't think I am ready to show him my private parts, we'll see."
I told her Mark has been a gentleman and has his needs, he has no current girlfriend, yes I laid it on her pretty heavy. She said nothing, but came out topless in one of the skimpier string bikini bottoms. She could wear it now that she was waxed. She was not totally naked but progress was made, a step forward I guess. I thought when she sees that cock of his, she just may drop them.
Mark was watching us stretch, like I promised her, since I was naked, he pulled off his briefs to join me, we watched his hard cock spring up as he did. Then he continued to stretch with us. The shocked look on her face was soon replaced by one of amazement as she stared at how big and hard his cock was. "It's standing straight out" she told me and so was her nipples.
Not wanting to miss an opportunity, I reached over to flick one of her hard nipples with my finger to distract her, then I pulled the strings on her bottoms, they fell to the floor, but she stepped out of them. I was really proud of that move. She seemed to relax and even did some of the moves with me that showed him our ass's and pussy's briefly. My God, my sister needed a cock in her I thought, and needed it badly, I could see moisture starting to show on her pussy, it was not sweat. Based on her reaction to me pulling the strings on her bottoms, and the fact that she never took her eyes off of his cock so far, "Y" not go for it. Once I got up into the "Y" facing him, I slowly spread my legs to a horizontal position to open up my pussy lips.
"My God sis, have you done this in front of him before, I can see the pink in your hole!"
I quickly replied, "If we want to see him jerk off a load, this is what it takes."
On cue, Mark had his cock in his hand and started working it, he moved close to the window and was jerking off. She did not turn completely red, so I told her, "let's sit down on the mats and enjoy the show and if he sees us put some fingers in our pussy's, we may get to watch one of his window cum-shots."
Yes, she did it, she was so hot and turned on that she masturbated right in front of me, and I finger fucked myself in front of her, it was a first. I could not keep my eyes off of my sis, it was hotter than watching Mark, but I tried to do both, I was horny too.
She was going to town on herself, she even had a finger working her clit, then I knew she had done this before, they did not teach us how to cum in sex-education. Mark was doing his part, like a proud rooster, he was showing us how a guy jerks off, she probably has never seen that done before, men seem to want to watch us masturbate, then they act like it is such a strange request for a woman to make, a lot of us like seeing a guy cum. He really took his time, he had to spit on his cock a couple of times.
She was so fucking aroused, she came first, I was too busy watching her and Mark and had to get down to it if I was going to get off. I just had to stop and watch my big sister's face and body contort as she came, and she could not get through that big of orgasm without a verbal response and a minute or two of recovery time.
Mark was taking it nice and slow and looking right at us as he made deliberate strokes as he held his balls. Sam was mesmerized watching him. He started to speed up seeing I was not in the game anymore, and he had to have seen Sam go off, so he started to speed up for his money shot.
When I saw his "Oh Face" starting to form, I said to her, "He is ready to blow, watch the end of his penis for it."
It was beautiful, for me, the beauty was not so much his cum-shot, she does not know I have seen many of them, and have been fucking him. It was the look on her face and wonderment as he came that was beautiful. It came out in ropes, as he made his face, he must have saved up, because his cock put out about three or four rounds of ropes that hit his window. She was so sexy after her orgasm, and so excited from watching his, I wanted to kiss her on the lips, but was afraid it would freak her out, so instead I gave her a peck on the cheek. Then told her to get her kiss for Mark ready, and we threw Mark a kiss.
"Wow, and I mean Wow," is all she could say at first, then said, "I can see how that helps you get through the time John is gone. I can't believe I masturbated and had an orgasm, in front of him, or in front of my sister, for that matter."
We showered and gave ourselves some private time in our rooms, I needed it, and the nap that usually comes after it, she needed some more pleasure too. It was an even brighter, happier, and sexier sister that baked cookies with me that afternoon. John was flying in, and I wanted to bake his favorite cookies. I told her Mark loves them too, and she could take him some this evening, and that John might want some private time, after dinner. I am sure if you show up with cookies, looking sexy, you will be invited in.
She was a little panicked again, and said, "I understand you two wanting private time, but I barely know Mark, and he's seen me masturbate, what will I say to him, and what will we do?"
"Well you can say, Hi Mark, I loved your cum-shot, I hope watching me cum had a part in it. You know his cock pretty well, you have masturbated with him, maybe you can start there. But if you do anything in his great-room, don't look over here, John will have his cock out as soon as you leave. After that he will be balls deep in my pussy in the kitchen, or great-room, probably both, we both like the thought of being seen, and I don't think you are ready to watch John fucking me."
She had no words to reply to that, but as the day went on she was tending to her finger and toenails, and experimenting with my makeup and lipstick, and asking me what I thought. I had to take that opening she gave me, and said, "well it looks good on your lips, I am sure it will look good on Mark's cock." Again no words, but a blush this time. I was convinced she wanted his cock in her mouth, and pussy too. Mark was a good lover, and she was going to get a good fucking by him that evening.
John arrived in a UBER, and the three of us I had a late but good dinner, and I got her to drink some wine that was not to dry, she was going to need a little courage.
John told her, "I really did not think you could be any prettier, but with that lipstick on, your golden blond hair down to your shoulders as God intended it. Then there's the outfit that Joan loaned you, and not to forget those blue eyes of yours that a guy could get lost in. I could go on, but you're just ravishing tonight, I might have gone after the wrong sister."
That made her blush, but then smile, I spoke up and said, "keep your distance sis, that's coming from a man who has had no pussy in nearly a week, I am surprised he has been able to keep it in his pants during dinner, it might not be, don't look under the table." Now she was blushing big time.
We sent her off with her cookies, and other treats she had in store for Mark, we both gave her a goodbye kiss. She gave us a look of part fear, part excitement. I wish John had figured away to put a camera in Mark's house, or even a mic. But I would get a report from her later, and more from Mark after that.
I got to see a little bit of their love making, Mark can be a smooth talker, he found a way to get her to let him keep the blinds open. He turned all his lights off in the great-room, and lit his fireplace, it's not real, but gives out a nice low light like candles. We followed his lead but used a few candles, we did not go for the fireplace option when we built. We could see each other enough to know what was going on. I told John after we fucked our way to the great-room, that I wanted to give Sam, a little bit of a show, but not hard core. I was not sure I was ready to see my big sister fucking yet, but I was wet thinking about her seeing us, but we are hard core exhibitionist, she is still in the early stages of training. This will be her first penis after Luke's pencil dick, as far as I know, I bet she's had at dildo, or maybe a vegetable in her.
I can tell you this, at one point I could see the flames of the fireplace reflecting off Sam's golden hair and her naked ass, quite an erotic view. Since she was kneeling in front of the couch, and Mark's head was leaning back. So I knew she had her mouth full of his cock, and was not praying for him. It was hot, it inspired me to give John one of my extra super-duper blow jobs, I had John sit in the arm chair, so she would mostly see my ass too. I worked his cock pretty well then started swallowing it and holding it there, it triggered his load as I did. I took it in my throat and choked but got it down. We fucked there, but I got in a praying position over the chair, and he fucked me from behind. I did not want to do anything too radical, this way she would have a side view if she looked, and probably would at least take a short look. She would have seen both of our asses and might see his cock on the out stroke, but at least would know John was fucking me. Then we had a nice and long love making session in the bedroom later.
As we left for the bedroom I could see Sam riding Mark's cock cowgirl, probably a new position for her, being in charge for a change. My God, I was envious of her tits, as I watched them bounce up and down, with her blond hair reflecting the light it was quite a scene. John and I watched for a minute and of course he made a comment about her breast, and I watched his cock get hard from watching them bounce. He said if I wanted to, we could watch some video from the night vision camera outside, but it would be black and white. I said, so you want to put it on the bedroom TV so you can fantasize you are fucking my sister instead of me? He took the fifth, the smart thing to do.
We started from scratch in the bedroom, we did oral 69 for a while, I got to cum twice during that, one orgasm was really hard, he had concentrated on my clit as he finger fucked me to get that one. I rode him for a while, as I looked into my lovers eyes, and leaned over to kiss him several times, and tell him how much I loved him, and miss him when he is gone. Then I got on my back and used my yoga flexibility to grab my ankles and pull my feet behind my head, I would feel it in the morning, but it was worth it. He gave me all of his cock, and I had my hands free to knead my tits and rub my own clit.
I came so hard I could not hold my legs with my feet anymore, and they came down on John's shoulders, but he was ready, it had happened before. He continued to fuck me until he let loose, it must have felt extra good as he was more vocal than usual when he came, and yes, I got a pussy full of John cum that night.
John and I were eating breakfast when we seen Sam walking back, it might be called the walk of shame, but she had a look on her face I had not seen since we were kids on Christmas morning. We took it easy on her, and she was not spilling the beans, not in front of John that is. She said Mark offered to take her to the state park to see the waterfalls if we had no plans for her today.
"Not till tonight," I said, we are having Mark over for a late dinner and a soak in the tub. She said he mentioned that, and then pulled out her antique flip phone, probably what Luke gave her to keep her off social media, and with a look of excitement typed in a text to Mark, he was in her phone now.
Later she cornered me to ask questions, revealing a little of what happened the night before. She asked me if John licks me down there, and that Mark did, and he made her cum harder than when we masturbated. I told her all good lovers do, they want you to be pleased too. She told me that Luke didn't, I was not surprised. I pretended to not know, and ask her if she pleased him with her mouth.
She said, "that is something I had to do to Luke quite often, it took me a long time till I didn't mind the taste of the mouthful he would give me. Mark is so sweet and considerate, he asked me where I wanted him to cum, and I let him do it on my breast. I wanted to watch it coming out again, I just love him. I hoped she did not mean she thought she was really in love with him, and is not taking what happened the night before, as more than it was. I thought I sensed new love in her voice, and could understand how she could feel that way. I hope she does find new love, but she has some wild oats to sew first, hopefully while she is collecting alimony.
I had talked to John already, and told him what Sam told me about Luke, and he was as pissed as I was. Pissed enough to hire an investigator to get some pictures of Luke and the church lady. He is also going to check out the pastor, he better be practicing what he preaches, dirt on him would make him a poor character witness.
Mark brought her home late in the afternoon and I got a text from him to call him about Sam before tonight. Now I was a little more worried, I told John and then waited for Sam to go to her room, and went to the patio to call. Mark was worried too, he really likes her, "especially those big tits of hers," he had to add that to fuck with me. He said he was afraid she was acting a little too much like a schoolgirl, with her first crush, and was hanging on him all day. We put our heads together and came up with a plan to show her sex was just sex. Then I filled John in, he said it might be a bit awkward for him, us being sisters, but he was OK with it and hoped it worked out. It was way more radical than what I had planned for tonight, and a bit risky, but I felt it was necessary to not let things get out of hand.
We had a nice dinner that night on the patio, John grilled some steaks and I prepared some sides. It was time for the first stage of the plan, consisting of John starting, then Mark and I stripping naked in front of Sam to get into the tub. She had only had one tea in her at that point, and froze like a deer in the headlights when she first seen John's hard cock pop up and stick out right in front of her. Understandable when seeing your sisters husband's cock for the first time, but she recovered. John's hard-on was not planned, but I should have expected it, as it was likely triggered by his excitement of soon getting to see all of Sam. She waited for Mark and I to strip before she did, trying not to stare at John's hard cock at first, but being the first time they seen each other, they gave each other a good looking over. According to her it would be only the third cock she has seen, and John is a fit guy with a nice cock like Mark, and her breast are near perfect.
After ice tea #2 and some small talk, we moved into some sexier talk, then about half-way through tea #3 it was time to get Sam up to speed. In stage two, John took the lead and told Sam how lucky we were to make friends with Mark after we moved here. Explaining how much he had to be away for his job, and that what she seen during yoga has gone even further, and that he knows that Mark and I take care of each others needs. Saying he was OK with the two of us showing our naked bodies to each other, masturbating, and pleasing each other, and yes, even fucking when he has been gone a while.
There was not enough tea in poor Sam for that statement, she was in a state of shock after finding out her little sister was technically a swinger, and I jumped in then to try to calm her. I explained that I loved John so much that I did not want either of us to have a need to stray, and that Mark and I were aware, and were OK with John watching us on the security cams, as he jerks off to take care of his own needs. Explaining that so far, that was enough to get him through the week, but that I am not against him taking a lover just for sex if he needs to on his longer trips. Telling her as good-looking as he is, there is always takers at the business's he works at, no sneaking around is our only rule.
John jumped in and swore to Sam that he had not used the cams this week since she was visiting. I think she believed him, she is naive, but I didn't, and wanted to laugh. I bet he loved watching me waxing my sisters pussy, that would have turned him on, he is such a perv.
Sam had been resting her head on Mark's shoulder for comfort and support I hoped, but I had to get her ready for stage three the final one. I did not want a melt down, from too much too soon. Then I told her, "did you notice that Mark and John's cocks are about the same size, I seen you sizing my husband up when you first seen him naked as you stripped." Then I stayed on subject saying, "I don't notice much difference sexually when Mark fucks me, we do care for each other, but what we do is just sex, and only sex, friends with benefits, we just both have needs. We are going to prove that to you tonight, and then you will understand too."
She was a bit shocked again, I decided I better at least freshen her ice tea. Then I whispered to John to get Sam a refill, but only half. I thought a moment, and got his attention before he could step out. I wrapped my hand around his cock as I told him, I want you to make sure Sam gets a close up view of this, and I squeezed it. It was growing fast, my idea was to get Sam's attention off of Mark. John stood up with his cock at half mast. Then stood there a minute as if to get his legs, and probably needed to. His cock was not a foot from Sam's face as he did. She let go of Mark and was fixated on it.
I was trying to think quick on my feet, as John reached to get her glass, his cock still growing, got even closer. I said, "stop a minute John, and Sam, lift those tits up and give John his tip, your tits have had his attention this whole time, she was drunk and mesmerized by seeing John's cock that she lifted them without question, and made them dance. I said,"Go ahead John check them out."
John reached out and took one in each of his big hands and said, "I like them, do I have to give them back?
"Yes, it's Sam's turn, go ahead Sam, give John's penis a squeeze. She did, and cupped his big balls with the other hand, I ask her how it felt.
"Big! Big and hard, you are so lucky sis," was her reply.
I said, "Your tits did that to him, I wonder if mine will get any praises from him now that he seen them." John finished the task when he came back with her fresh drink, and put his knee down on the tubs deck to hand it to her, now his cock was inches from her face. John understood I was trying to break her away from Mark at least for a moment, and make her realize that Mark was not the only hot guy in existence with a big cock. He came back to our side and sat on the deck with just his feet in the water, and yes his cock on display for her viewing pleasure. Our brains must have all been in sync, as Mark at the same time moved, to get some space between him and her. Not sure he had to, John's penis was her only interest then. She was determined to keep it hard, she leaned back and made sure her breast were on the surface and dancing from the force of the tub jets.
I let her drink some more, until I could see in her eyes how fucked up she was at that point. I grabbed John's leg to get his attention, it was time to get out, having too much alcohol in a hot tub is not good, it can even be dangerous.
John turned off the tub, and I told him he need to help us girls in case one of us is light headed and need help. He helped me get out, holding me till I got my legs. Then Mark took Sam's arm with one hand and put the other one under her ass cheek, to help her stand. Then John put his arm under her naked ass, and the other around her back to get her out. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and her head naturally rested on his shoulder. He slowly carried her away as he gave her one of his sexy looks in her blue eyes then gave her a very tender kiss on her forehead. I know that look, he has seduced me enough times with it. It made her giggle, and say, "Oh John, you are so strong, and I like the way your big hand feels on my naked ass," (giggle) "I can't believe all of us are naked, and I am in my big strong brother-in-law's arms." (giggle)
As he stepped over the door jam while turning sideways to get through the door, I could see his hard cock pressed up firmly against my sisters ass, and his one hand now on her breast.
Cheap feel? Maybe, but I cracked up when she looked at him with her blue eyes, and said, "I feel so safe with your big strong arms holding me," and used one hand to squeeze his bicep. (giggle) "I feel another part of you helping to hold me up too, but it's OK, you have such a nice penis, and It's so close to my... (giggle,) It's OK if you are feeling my breast on purpose, it made both my nipples hard." (giggle, giggle)
Then she hugged him tight and kissed him on his cheek, put her head against the side of his and giggled some more, John was now her person of interest, and she was hugging him tightly, almost choking him. I always thought she was a bit sweet on John. All the girls I know like John. He carried her to her bedroom as we followed, he didn't close the door all the way trying not to scare her. Soon would be the moment of truth. He told me the next day that he laid her on the bed and she would not let go of him until he crawled up next to her. We heard no screams or any sounds of protest as he did.
There we were, Mark and I, on the couch snuggling, trying to be quiet so we could hear my husband and big sister having all kinds of sex in the next room, with the door half open. I was happy to hear she was more than just OK with it, a big relief that she did not freak out, in fact she could not stop talking or giggling. John could not have gotten a word in if he wanted to, but he was treating her to some of his good loving. She was falling in love with my husband, a day after she did with my fuck buddy, but she's drunk tonight, she will figure it out later I hoped. John and her fucking was not in my original plan, but I am glad they got to get intimate with each other, she needed another new cock besides Mark's. As far as John goes he deserves a new pussy, I know he claims he is happy watching me and Mark, but this is a well deserved treat. He is so good to me and Sam, now even taking the lead in helping her with her divorce.
To think it had only been 5 days since she showed up with her hair in a bun and no makeup, now she was in bed with my husband, and intent on fucking him to death.
He was giving her the full treatment, I figured he started with his fingers or tongue. She confirmed that thought, she was just a chatterbox, one too many long island ice teas I guess.
Here are some statements I remember that we heard while trying not to laugh:
"Oh John, your big tongue feels so good licking my pussy, I can't wait to feel your big penis in there, you just have to fuck me tonight. Please!"
"Mark made me cum with his big one, don't tell him I said it, but John, I like your penis better it is even bigger."
"Luke never made me cum with his little thing, he would just grunt and shoot his cum in me, then leave me in the wet spot, and go to sleep."
"You called it Mark, when a suppressed woman opens up, they open up! I hope she doesn't fuck John to death." Then I had to rub it in, "I am glad it was Sam that broke the news to you, John has you out gunned a little, but I still love your smaller cock," I said, as I stroked it to keep it hard for later.
Mark said sarcastically, "Glad you still want my little weiner, at least until a hot guy with a even bigger one than John's moves in near by."
I did not respond with words, just a kiss and some mouthing of the head of said weiner. From then on, we were doing more than snuggling, but we kept our activity to mostly groping. Learning something new, you can eavesdrop with a cock in your mouth, and the receiver playing with your titys. We were slowly getting worked up and Mark notified me by lifting my head to keep himself from cumming. I was dripping and Mark was so close that I just moved up next to him, and ground my ass into his cock until he entered me. I think Mark was ready to head to the master and go wild, but this was my big sister and my husband I was listening to, and they were still engaged in acts of foreplay. I was not leaving until I heard them fucking.
Before we left the great-room she was calling him by name again and made a request, "Fuck me, John, I want you to fuck me as hard as you fuck my sweet little sister. John, I love,(a pause I will assume was a kiss) the way your cock fills my vagina." It is a scary moment when the word love is mentioned to your husband, and by your sister.
I pictured his cock, balls deep in my sisters pussy, and I was touched by the sisterly love she was expressing, by calling me, "her sweet little sister." I guess in the process of trying to help my sister, I gave my sweet husband quite a gift. What husband has not fantasized about fucking his wifes hot sister, in this case one that has bigger tits. Meanwhile Mark was speeding up with his strokes.
Then Sam started getting loud with her moans and other sex sounds followed by almost a yell, "Oh My God John! I could feel your cum shooting out of the little hole of your penis and filling me up, I hope you have more, I can't get enough of your cock. I would never have dreamed you would ever want to make love with a plain girl like me. Let me clean that big thing off, bring it up to my mouth."
Mark followed with a load of his own for me, it seemed after Sam's "Oh My God John!" he went for it too. Ironic that at almost the same time my lover gave me a load, my husband was recovering from the first load he delivered to my big sister.
I had still never heard a word from him, but finally John spoke and replied to her offer to clean his cock. He said, "Sam, I just have to fuck your tity's before we do anything else, I have gazed lustfully at them even when they were all covered up for years, I watched them bounce around in the hot tub earlier, now it's time for me to fuck them, then you can clean my cock after, it will be right there handy for you."
She responded, "I'm all yours tonight my love. Fuck my tity's, do whatever you want. I stay up late, I learned to stay up till Luke fell asleep so I did not have to suck him off or fuck him. But John, I will suck and fuck you all night, if you want."
We both laughed, but I think I might have been a little jealous if I hadn't fucked John last night, and Mark tonight, and was about to go in the master and fuck him some more. Mark never lost his hard-on from hearing them fuck and was ready to go in the bedroom. He had mentioned he wanted to tie me up like when he pretended to rape me. I was all for it, but suggested I be face down this time, it's more fun for me, as I feel completely under the man's control then. I tried to give him some dialog to help him get in to it. Mostly I just repeated the words, "no, please don't, and once said, "my big tough husband is in the next room." I did not add that he was in there fucking my sister.
He responded by, "I don't care you cum slut, I am going to fill your pussy and then move up to your ass and give it a load too. He pumped me pretty hard, and for quite a while, I got off once before he gave me another fill-up. He kept his promise, as far as entering my ass, and I loved it, it was my first anal tied up, and I even got a orgasm from it. But he fell short on the other promise, he stayed hard, and I heard him get off, but did not give me much more cum then had came off of his cum coated cock when he started.
He untied me, and I got up to stretch and get us a bottle of water. I could hear, Sam and John still fucking when I did, and took a peak on the way back, hey the door was half open, how could I not? I stopped with the water in my hands. I was glad I did, I had a side view from John's knees up. Sam was on top, her perfectly round ass was bobbing up and down, and I could see him thrusting his cock up into her, and watched his shaft as it was going in and out of her pussy. Her big tits were suspended below her, and their hard nipples dancing on his chest. He had his arms holding her, making their faces only inches away from each other. I assumed they were lost in each others eyes. She was still giving him her request for more cock, and still was telling him how good he felt in her, but it was now in a lower volume, I could barely hear her, but could tell she was experiencing some kind of bliss from the fucking John was giving her. Watching them make love gave me a warm, and loving feeling for both of them. After Mark and I hydrated, that feeling led us into a make-out session that lasted quite a while. This gave us the rest we needed to start another fuck session, I too could not get enough of my lovers cock.
Even though I am not in love with Mark, I love making love with him, he is a good lover. He seemed to be able to sense my needs, fuck me hard when I needed to be dominated, and yet be tender and loving when I needed that kind of love. I know I could never have feelings like that with a hook-up, I lived that way a while before I was married. It was fun, but did not provide the type of feelings the long term relationships I was now having give me. I wish Sam could have had that kind of experiences, she would never have married Luke if she had.
I can't say we fucked all night after that, but we must have until we passed out, because when I woke up I realized that I must have been being spoon fucked as our last sexual act. His soft cock was between my ass cheeks, dried cum was acting as glue, and my pussy was oozing his cum. I am not sure when or how, but I had a little dried cum in my hair too.
I jumped on him to wake him up and to tease him, saying, "I been waiting for you to wake up and fuck me again, fuck me deep and hard, like my hunk of a husband fucked my big sister." He got it, and we started the day with a laugh.
Mark got up and went home, I hoped he found his trunks, but it would not be the first time he had to dash home from our patio to his, naked.
I decided that I would take the opportunity to fuck with my husband and sister, he never passes on a chance to do it to me. So I went in the guest room naked, and crawled in-between the two of them. It woke them up and I ask John if he was up to a threesome with two hot sisters. I think they thought I was serious, we were all still naked and in the same bed, one of my hands was on his cock and the other on my sister's thigh. I sold them for a moment or two, long enough to feel John's cock start to grow. As for my sister, she shoved my hand off of her, and rolled away saying, "No more sex, Go away."
I was not serious about the threesome, but it is kind of hot to think about, maybe a CFNM, with her sometime before we get old and wrinkled. We could tie him up naked on our bed, and the two of us could be dressed like school girls, or cheerleaders, his choice. One of us could sit on his face as the other sucked his cock, then change places, no girl-girl stuff, just the two of us molesting him. I don't think that would be a hard sell to John, and I probably would not have to use too many long island ice teas on Sam once I laid it out to her.
I noticed as I laid there, that the bed was soaked with their cum, I know they fucked longer than we did, but I am glad, there is no fuck as good as the ones you have when you're still new.
I had to crawl over to her and give my big sister, a little kiss on her forehead, she looked so sexy laying there naked, cum smeared, and sexually spent. Her blond hair had more dried cum in it than my brunette hair did, it's true blonds do have more fun!
I got up and called them rookies, and said I was going to go next door naked, there is a stud over there that likes to fuck me.
But instead John picked me up and carried me to our room, still hard from the fleeting thought of fucking his wife and her hot sister together. I was just kind of kidding about wanting to fuck some more, I had a tired pussy that was still oozing Mark's cum. But I told him if he did not mind dipping his cock in it, he could use it, and he did. It was not like it would be the first time their pies have merged, we have had a few threesomes. I made him tie me up, I was tired, and that way I did not have to participate much. I just rolled over, he tied my hands and feet, and lifted my ass up with a pillow to fuck me from behind like Mark did.
I was happy having my husband back, and we both got off, he added his cum to Mark's. He really is my only true love, and he loves me too, or he would not of suggested that I take Mark as a fuck buddy, I am a lucky girl to have him.
We slept after that, then the three of us had a late breakfast, brunch actually. We did not talk about the night before or sex until John being the ornery fuck he is, and trying to get me back and give Sam a shot too. He stated, "Honey, I think I am madly in love with your big sister, I'm sorry, but I felt myself falling in love while I was fucking those big tits of hers as I just got lost in her blue eyes."
Sam, took this one personal, and said, "I got the message, it's just sex you guys, sucking and fucking is just sex. But sis, I was thinking last night while John fucked me like he does you, can I go with John and be his travel fuck buddy? We can swap back for the weekends."
Touche!