It's the night of the department holiday party and my girlfriend is all dressed up. After getting home and unwinding she comes down the stairs and I can see she is in the mood to really cut loose. She comes down wearing her black leather pants, a tight black sweater that is nearly see through in spots and a black lacy bra beneath it. I look up at her and she just smiles seductively at me. Standing there, she's just amazing to look at. She's five foot 2 and weighs maybe 120 and 20 of it is in her well stacked chest. She has measurements of 34 D by 24 by 36. For 43 she is a prize to walk into any room and looks much closer to my age which is 23.
"Damn babe, you're dressed to kill," I sighed as she walked around in front of me, showing off how great her ass looked in those tight leather pants.
"You're going to have to get ready soon," she tells me, tapping the watch on my wrist.
It's a little after six thirty and the party starts at seven. Getting off of my feet and up the stairs after a twelve hour day seems like so much work. I sit there and blatantly down my beer before heading up the stairs, looking back over my shoulder at the incredibly hot woman sitting in my living room.
After stripping out of my grungy work clothes I stepped beneath the hot jets of the shower I so desperately needed. I stayed beneath the jets for what feels like forever but is in reality only twenty minutes or so. Finally, I begin lathering up my tired body as I turn the steamy water into the aching muscles of my back. Finally, after rinsing off and nearly putting myself to sleep, I climb out and towel off. Finding my little sweetheart standing in our bedroom, she pulls off my towel as I walk past.
"You've got to hurry up," she tells me. As I begin to walk over to our dresser I notice a pair of slacks and a blue polo sitting on our bed. "I thought those would look nice on you," she smiles, grabbing my cock with her tiny little hand.
Standing there, looking down as she strokes my swelling cock in her hands I ask her what she is doing.
"Trying to put a little pep in your step," she tells me before leaning in and taking my eight inches in her mouth.
The feeling of her tongue swirling around my cock in her mouth is so intense it begins to wake me up as much as a cup of coffee. As I stood there, her hand stroking my shaft as the head of my cock rested between her lips I could feel myself beginning to thrust forward. Before I knew what was going on I was standing there in our bedroom, fucking the most beautiful face in the world. As I began to feel like I was going over the edge, Susie pulled back, grabbing my cock tightly.
"Later stud," she laughed. "If I keep you worked up then maybe you'll be more tonight."
"UUGGGHHH!" I moaned as she trotted off, yelling back to get dressed.
It was seven thirty by the time we left for the party. On the way there, Susie kept reaching over and rubbing my thigh. She continued playing the entire drive. It was hard to stay focused on the road, especially when she unbuttoned her sweater, let if fall open and began playing with her tits. Being a bit of a tit man, I kept swerving from one side to the next. When she rubbed them against my arm I nearly put us into a tree.
At the holiday party things were pretty much like any company party I've ever been too. Dinner is average, nothing to brag about for sure. The drinks were free and the music was at least contemporary so everybody was having a good time after dinner. I was starting to get a little buzzed and had gone off with a couple guys I knew from her work. We began throwing darts and talking and I'd lost track of time pretty quick. It was nearly eleven o'clock by the time I realized it. I looked around the room and found my girl chatting with a small group of people. She must have noticed I was watching because she put an arm around one of the guys, a taller guy in a green shirt and jeans.
"Don't worry," a woman's voice said to me. It was her friend Kimber. "She's just a little buzzed and trying to get you going."
As I turned back to the show being put on for me, I watched Susie follow the tall man in the green shirt and another fellow I hadn't noticed before into the mens' restroom. I considered going that way but Kimber grabbed me and pulled me into the corner. Sticking her tongue in my throat, she kept me off guard long enough I forgot what I was thinking and started to focus on the growing erection in my pants. I was still pretty worked up from earlier. I pushed Kimber back a little, turning her into the darkest part of the corner, and told her "I'm not sure you know what you're doing."
"I know what I'm doing," she smiled, reaching down between my legs and grabbing at my crotch.
She pulled me closer to her, so close now that we both disappeared into the darkest corner there was. I could feel her hands fumbling until she found my zipper. Unzipping my pants she reached her hand in and fished out my cock right there in the party room at the club her company had hosting things. I warned her not to go too far and she merely shrugged her shoulders at me before throwing me back against the wall. She backed into me, playing with my cock behind her back. I reached up and ran my hands across her tits, feeling her up through the thin fabric of her dress. As I groped her heavy hanging tits, I felt her raising her skirt and suddenly my cock was touching the fleshy side of her ass. As she leaned back against me she took my cock in one hand and ran in between her legs. I could feel the wetness of her pussy on my cock. It was insane, here I was about to enter her and she was just swaying back and forth in front of me.
"Do it," she whispered to me, reaching back and pulling my mouth to hers.
After a long and passionate kiss, she raised one leg sideways and bent at the knee, opening herself enough I could enter her with ease. Pushing my cock inside her, I was in with just one long thrust. She nearly fell over in my arms as I reached the end of my shaft. I began slowly, rhythmically thrusting in and out of her as she just swayed side to side, making it look like we were dancing against the wall.
After minutes of this and the teasing fun my own date had put me through, I was ready to explode inside her. As I began to get very excited, she felt my excitement grow and pulled off of me. Again, I felt like I was going to die of frustration. What were they doing to me?
To my surprise, Kimber continued her gyrations and wrapped her hand around me again. She turned around, smiling at me as she whispered, "I'm not on the pill." Getting me even more worked up, stopping at times to squeeze my cock until my load fell back, she finally dropped down against me as she furiously stroked my cock in her hand. As her lips wrapped around me I exploded immediately into her mouth and to my surprise she swallowed every drop of me. Dancing her way back up to me, swooning side to side, she licked me clean before stuffing me back in my pants. Just as she got back on her feet, the light behind the mens room door caught my eye. My girls Susie was finally coming out with her two friends right behind her.
It was getting pretty late and the party was beginning to wrap up when she finally found me at the bar. She gave me a kiss on the cheek and asked me if I was having fun.
"Yeah," I replied, thinking about my dance with her bestie.
"That's good. Let's get out of here though. Things are winding down."
I was ready to go, and after the amazing session with Kimber, planning on some well deserved rest. As I drove through town my little sweetheart was obviously wound up still and asked if we could go somewhere else. The bars were only open a couple more hours and in the whirlwind I was in, wondering what I'd missed in the restroom, not being too innocent myself, thought I could use a couple more drinks.
"Sure," I tell her. "Where do you wanna go?"
To my utter and complete surprise she answers, "The strip joint."
Now, I'd heard of guys taking their girlfriends to see strippers but to be honest this wasn't the kind of joint you did that. This place had a reputation for getting rowdy and there'd been a few nights I'd gone home with lipstick on my crotch.
"You aren't serious," I asked.
She was serious as a heart attack she told me and twenty minutes later we were at the strip joint, sitting at the bar and ordering a few drinks. One of the dancers took the stage a few minutes later. I knew her pretty well, a sexy little thing by the name of Shay. Of course, her stage name was different. She danced under the name diamond. Well, as we sat there, watching her begin her show, the stage was fairly empty. As she worked around to the center I could hear her yelling toward the bar. Looking up from our discussion, she was pointing at first then began gesturing with her finger to come towards her.
I stood up to walk over to the stage and drop her a few bucks but she stopped me halfway. "No, not you, her!" she yelled as she pointed at my girl.
Susie wondered what she wanted and I explained it was just a way of getting a few bucks and getting the crowd worked up. I offered her a couple bucks to go put on the stage but she grabbed me hand and told me to come with her.
Taking seats at the stage, Shay dropped down on her ass, sitting right in front of us. She made the usual chit chat until she turned to my girlfriend and asked her if she was new to this. Susie replied, "Yes, I've never been here".
"Well," Shay told her, "You're going to have a good time. Don't worry Jay," she said. "I'll take good care of her."
With that she scooted down onto Susie's lap and began giving her a lap dance. At first my girl was a little reluctant so I gave her my shot I'd ordered. Watching Shay gyrate against her, her tight and full tits bouncing softly as she thrusted against my girls chair, I was in awe of what I was seeing. Sitting there, I just kept a few dollars in hand to give to her when she needed them. Seeing that, Shay took a couple and tucked them neatly between Susie's teeth.
Oh my god, I thought, as Shay took her tits and rubbed them against her face. Squeezing the money away from Susie Shay leaned into her, grabbing her by the cheek and kissing her square on the lips. From where I was, I could see it shocked Susie at first but their tongues were both moving around as they broke their embrace.
"Are you alright?" I asked her.
Having never kissed a girl before she was a little in shock. She admitted she liked it though.
After a few more drinks Shay made her way back to us. By this point in the show she had lost her bottoms and was grinding her neatly shaven pussy in everyone's face. Coming around to us, she crawled to the side of the stage and motioned for Susie to stand up. The two of the kissed again, and Shay began grabbing Susie's ass as they stood there making out. Then, Shay pushed Susie down on her chair before working her way down the stage. Her next trick brought the crowd to their feet as she did a handstand then fell into a mount position, her legs wrapped across my girls shoulders. She slowly worked Susie's head closer to her pussy, to my absolute surprise. As she squirmed and shook her pussy, rotating her hips in at us both, she looked up at us as she leaned back against the stage. With an arm free she reached up to Susie's head and pulled her face into her vagina.
To most people in a place like this, it might have looked like a show. Sitting right next to them, I, however, could see Susie opening her mouth as she began to like this strippers pussy. Looking up at Shay, who just smiled at me, she was getting into it as you can imagine. Finally after a minute or so she pushed Susie's head back and brought a leg over my shoulder bringing us together. As I kissed my girlfriend, my tongue exploring her mouth, I lost any doubt I had left. The taste of freshly eaten pussy was too distinctive.
"Damn," I said, releasing the kiss.
"I need a drink," she told me, standing up to go towards the bar.
We had a couple drinks and were planning on leaving when Shay came over and hugged us both. "You two aren't leaving are you. I was hoping this one might want a "Private dance".
Susie looked at me as if to ask so I explained it to her. Now, in this little hole in the wall, there was no private in private dance. There were three bar benches against a wall on the south side. Anyone could check on what happened there. Susie thought it would be fun to try it if that was the last piece of the strip club experience. I told her fine, since it was almost one thirty and things were starting to thin out. I ordered another round, broke a fifty and gave her two twenties. As the two walked off towards the v.i.p area I was all too content to watch.
Watching Susie take a seat on the center bench as Shay stripped I could see the nervous look on her face. Shay had stripped completely nude except for a pair of knee high boots. As she turned and straddled Susie's lap, her hands behind her back, I could tell the two were kissing again. As Shay turned around it was obvious that Susie had let Shay unbutton her sweater. I could see the outline of her lace bra against her tan skin even from this side of the bar. Shay straddled her, nuzzling her tits against Susie's face as she gyrated on top of her. Taking a hold of her arms, she raised them up as she pulled off her sweater. I thought I was dreaming for a minute.
A second song started and Shay kept going. She ran her long legs around the pole in front of them, bringing one around to Susie's head as she nudged her into a laying position. Strutting around to her she ran her body across my girls as she shook her tits in her face. I watched what Shay was doing. She was undoing Susie's pants as she half straddled her face. Leaning in closer, now that her zipper was down, she could reach into her pants and begin to finger her. Susie looked like she was lost in the moment as this strange woman was fingering her soaking wet pussy right there in front of us all.
Shay seductively got up and strolled around to Susie's ankles, playing sexily with her feet as she lifted her legs into the air. Now, my dick was getting hard before but when she started to pull her pants completely off I began to feel a nagging pain that needed relief I was so completely and unmistakably turned on by the scene in front of me.
As Shay peeled off her pants completely, Susie looked up at her pulling her down some. Shaw wrapped her arms around her lovingly as she knelt down next to her. In one swift almost unconscious movement her bra was gone now. With that Shaw pulled her up to her feet and began dancing with her. The two were gyrating against each other as the music played overhead and the six or seven guys in the place stood by watching with their jaws hanging on the floor. It wasn't long before Shay was squatting down in front of Susie, her fingers laced in the flimsy panties she wore as they slid slowly down her well tanned legs.
"Oh my god," I told myself, pulling my phone out to snap a picture. Here was my hot little woman stark naked with another woman in a seedy strip joint. As the two heard the last song finish and the d.j. announce it was closing time, Susie walked over to me with Shay behind her. Still wearing nothing but the gold waist chain I bought her, she kissed me square on the mouth as Shay pushed up behind me.
It's o.k. if she comes home with us I heard her say as Shay kissed me next. The two of them walked hand in hand in front of me out the back door of the club as I stumbled to keep up with them. Out in the parking lot the guys were all standing aside as the two could barely keep themselves from sixty-nining on my car hood. Opening the door for them I was the envy of the crowd.