Ch 4 - Talked into a Threesome
"I'm worried about the amount of time he spends on his computer," Amber confided with Diana.
The two co-eds were having lunch at the Student Union Building. They had agreed to meet there after class. Diana was anxious to introduce Amber to Paul, her new boyfriend.
"Well, a lot of people spend a lot of time on their computer."
"True, but I can't put my finger on it. He just doesn't act the same as he does when he's been doing homework--and hasn't in a while."
"So do you think he's looking at porn sites?"
"I don't know. Maybe, but it doesn't make sense."
"So what are you going to do? Confront him? Why don't you sneak a look on his computer. Ask to borrow it or something."
"I've tried that before, he won't let me. He says it's private, like a diary, or his wallet, and that he doesn't expect to look at mine either."
"That sounds suspicious. How is a computer private in a relationship unless you're doing something on it you shouldn't be?" Diana wondered aloud.
"What would you do though, if you found out he was looking at porn?"
Amber wondered about that.
"I don't know," Amber admitted.
"Would you dump him?" Diana asked.
Amber was startled. She had never contemplated that.
"I--I don't know," she stuttered. She thought for a minute. What if he was? Would she--could she dump him? She recoiled at the thought. Was it really so bad? Looking was not the same thing as actually having sex. She had seen Johnson looking at other women before, and it didn't bother her that much. She admitted to herself that she sometimes looked at other men--especially when she wasn't with Johnson. She didn't like the idea of him viewing porn, but as she contemplated leaving Johnson for that reason alone, she rebelled against the idea. It just didn't seem a big enough offense by itself--at least not as long as he didn't do it again.
"No--I couldn't do it. Not for that at least. So what should I do?" Amber asked her friend.
Diana was eager for Amber to dump that slime, but she could see that there was no way she could talk Amber into breaking up with him over that. She decided to give Amber some honest advice.
"Well, in the absence of evidence, I don't see how you have any choice but to give him the benefit of the doubt. I think every 'significant other' deserves that. You just can't assume bad behavior based solely on vague feelings with no other evidence."
Amber was happy to agree, indeed with relief. It just cleared the whole issue from her mind. Still, as she thought about it, she became embarrassed for having even entertained suspicion of bad behavior on Johnson's part. There was absolutely no evidence of it. He certainly didn't deserve unfounded suspicions on her part.
At that moment, a young man walked into the restaurant and walked up to the booth.
Diana stood and embraced him, and the two kissed. Diana turned around.
"Amber, this is Paul. Paul, my best friend Amber."
Amber smiled and stood to shake hands. She had to admit, Diana had really hit a home run--at least as far as looks. Paul was tall and beefy. He had a dark complexion, brown hair, and steely gray eyes. His hair was longer than what was fashionable, and when he spoke, he had a very deep voice which she found attractive. Michael Pare' she thought--remembering a movie she had once seen--"Streets of Fire". She squirmed on the vinyl seat. She was wearing a skirt and stockings with garter belts, as she often did, to please Johnson. She felt her silky panties starting to get wet. She felt a flush of shame--here she had actually contemplated dumping Johnson just for watching a little porn on the Internet, and here she was getting wet over her best friend's boyfriend!
"Paul is a pre-law major. He's just finishing his junior year like us. After graduation, he's going to start law school," Diana interrupted her thoughts.
"How exciting," Amber replied. She was quite taken with Paul, and loved hearing his voice as he talked. She felt a rush of blood flood her cheeks. She was sexually attracted to him! She felt ashamed and was worried that Diana might perceive her feelings.
How could she feel this way? Amber already had a boyfriend who deserved her loyalty, as well as a Diana, who certainly did not deserve to have her best friend making eyes at her new boyfriend!
While Amber was having lunch with Diana and Paul, Johnson was back in their apartment fucking Erica, one of Amber's classmates. Erica was a beautiful African-American woman, with a medium-brown complexion and her hair done up in multiple rope-like braids.
He had just eaten her pussy to multiple orgasms, and now Erica was on her hands and knees, with Johnson coming up behind her. She was so hot, she could barely contain herself. Johnson approached her on his knees, and she arched her back more, spread her legs further apart and tilted her pussy upwards. She felt the sopping wet lips of her cunt spread apart.
Johnson reached down and stroked his middle finger along her wet slit, and his finger slipped in.
Erica moaned and jerked her hips, arching her back and tilting her crotch up and down along his fingers. Johnson was hard as a rock, and felt an immense pressure building in his balls. He moved forward and guided his prick up to her waiting cunt. He decided to tease her a little and rubbed the head of his cock up and down her wet slit.
Erica moaned and shoved back hard, and his cock slid into her hot cunt like a hot knife into butter. He felt her cunt convulse around his prick and felt a rush of hot oily vaginal lubrication.
Johnson started fucking her, not holding back. He pounded in to her hard, grabbing a handful of her braids as he fucked her. Erica's brown ass cheeks bounced against his groin, jiggling with each impact.
Erica dropped to her elbows and gripped her pillow in her fists as she came hard, moaning and slobbering on her pillow case.
After a few minutes, Johnson couldn't hold off any longer. He wanted this as a scene so for the benefit of the hidden camera, he pulled out of her and started spraying his load all over her back. Great big globs of his jism landed on Erica's shoulder, back and ass. This would be a great one for his private collection.
"Did Johnson ever fix your computer?" Amber asked Diana, as they stepped into her apartment.
"Yeah he did. He even gave me one of his webcams," she said.
The two girls were sitting on the edge of Diana's bed in her apartment. After lunch, they had a class together, and both had a break for another hour. Since Diana's apartment was closer, the two went to her apartment so that Amber could show Diana her new tattoo.
"So, let's see your tattoo," Diana requested.
"I have to get undressed you know," Amber explained.
"Hey, it's okay. It's just us girls," Diana reassured her.
Amber stood up and turned around, then she pulled her shirt over her head, removed her bra, removed her skirt, then slid her panties down her slender legs. She unclipped the straps of her garter belt and removed it also, then as Diana looked on, she turned around and showed Diana her bare backside.
Diana gasped as she saw the extraordinary detail of the tattoo. She looked up and down carefully, studying the detail.
"Did it hurt?" Diana asked.
"Yeah, for a while, but not too bad."
"Amber, Diana nearly choked as she spoke, "this, this butterfly fairy, the one on your ass--it looks just like you!"
"It does kind of look like me, doesn't it?"
Diana gulped and nodded as Amber turned around to talk to her. Diana stood up, and then noticed the pendant on Amber's chest.
Diana gasped again.
"Oh my God!"
"Yes, he gave that to me as a present," Amber said proudly. She took it off and handed it to Diana so she could take a closer look.
"I've seen these before," Diana commented. "There's a lot of Amber with bugs preserved inside. They're not that uncommon or expensive--usually, but this one is pretty big, and the butterfly is perfectly preserved. They're usually damaged or partly crushed, and there's usually bits of bark or dirt around the bug. The resin must have plopped right on top of it when it's wings were outstretched."
As Diana stared at the pendant, she wondered if the butterfly realized it's fate when the resin fell on it, sealing it forever. Unable to escape. Unable to change. Trapped within forever. She was impressed though--it was definitely very expensive. Maybe she would have to give Johnson at least some credit--he wasn't 100 percent self-centered, just 99 percent.
"Beautiful," she said, handing it back to her friend.
"Thanks," Amber said, pleased with her friend's reaction.
"It must have been expensive," Diana concluded.
"I think so. Let's get out of here--I've got to get back for our last class," Amber said, putting her pendant back on and pulling her clothes back on.
Since they still had a little bit of time, the two girls walked to a Baskin Robbins not far from Diana's apartment. Amber ordered an Orange Sherbert cone, and Diana ordered a coffee cone.
"You'll never believe what he wants me to do now," Amber declared, this time not so happy.
Diana felt her stomach tighten. She knew she was not going to like the answer.
"He wants me to give his best friend Kyle a blowjob!" Amber whispered.
"No way!" Diana replied, stunned.
"Yes way!"
"Why? Why would a boyfriend ask such a thing?" Diana wondered out loud, truly perplexed.
"Well, Kyle's girlfriend dumped him earlier this semester. Kyle is depressed and lonely, and Johnson thinks this would lift his spirits."
Diana didn't buy it. Was it just kinky voyeurism, or did Johnson have some other scheme in mind?
"Amber, don't do this! Why can't he just take Kyle downtown and get him a hooker?" Diana suggested.
Amber turned red in the face.
"I hadn't thought of that," she admitted.
"Johnson, why don't you just buy Kyle a hooker?"
Johnson was taken aback. He had not expected this.
"A number of reasons--for one thing, it costs money we don't have..."
"You were able to buy this pendant," she protested.
"And there's the risk of disease," he continued. "You wouldn't want Kyle to catch something would you?"
"No," she replied quietly.
"And also he's nervous enough as it is. He went to a hooker once before he met Shauna, and it was a bad experience."
Amber felt as if she was being backed into a corner. This wasn't going the way she thought it would.
"Johnson, how can you ask me to do this? I wanted us to stay faithful to each other. Now you want me to be unfaithful to you, and it's not even something I want to do. I don't want either of us to cheat on each other!"
"Amber, It's just a blowjob, nothing serious. I don't even consider it to be cheating--especially since I know about it and I'm okay with it."
Amber opened her mouth to retort, but a reply escaped her.
Johnson decided to press the attack.
"Look--the guy is really lonely and depressed ever since Shauna dumped him. I'm worried about him."
She hesitated, and he knew he almost had her where he wanted her.
"Amber, Kyle is my best friend," he choked.
Amber turned and looked at him, her mouth opened up like she was about to say something again, but she couldn't think of what to say. Was she being selfish? Should she be thinking of her own wishes and desires in this situation, or should she be thinking of Kyle--poor devastated Kyle?
She was replying, intending to reject Johnson's request but found she could only stammer. She finally managed to stammer that she would think about it.
The next day, Amber sounded out another friend, Kathleen.
"But I wanted us to stay faithful to each other," Amber protested to Kathleen later.
Kathleen shrugged.
"What's the big deal? It's just a blowjob," she asked nonchalantly.
Amber gaped at her friend.
"Kathleen, I can't believe you..."
Then she paused, remembering what Kathleen had done to Johnson once, and suddenly she was angry.
"I can't believe I'm even talking to you about this," Amber continued angrily.
Kathleen thought quickly.
"Amber, I'm sorry I hurt you when Johnson and I did what we did, but you have to believe me that there's nothing emotional and committed about it. It was meaningless to us. I don't think how you feel about what we did should influence you in this though.
"I think you should think about Kyle. He's innocent in all this. I notice he's starting to skip classes, and I think he's started drinking again."
Actually, Kyle been skipping classes, and had been drinking since he was 16. He had barely made it this far in college, and probably would not graduate, but Amber knew none of this.
Amber forgot about Kathleen and Johnson at once. She started feeling worried about Kyle, but then had a sudden suspicion. She peered at Kathleen.
"Well then, if you're so worried about him, why don't YOU give him a blowjob?" she challenged Kathleen.
Kathleen was momentarily taken aback. She had not credited Amber with enough intelligence to ask questions like that. She recovered quickly though.
"I would, but I don't think he likes me in that way. I actually came on to him once, and he wasn't interested. He trusts you and Johnson."
The two girls were in the Student Union building eating lunch. Amber had lost her appetite and didn't want the rest of her salad. She didn't feel like talking to Kathleen any more. She looked at the time on her cell phone.
"I better get to class," she said, getting up and grabbing her backpack. Kathleen waved goodbye as Amber walked away. As she walked through the student union building, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Kyle sitting in one of the small lounge areas that were scattered around the SUB, which students used as study areas.
He was sitting on one of the chairs alone, his head in his hands. Amber stared at him for a moment. He didn't even move! He was obviously depressed. Poor guy! He just sat there--his face down in his hands. She rushed off to class, wiping a tear from her eye.
About a minute after she had left, one of Kyle's friends found him in their agreed-upon meeting place.
"Hey dude, wake up--time to go to class," his friend said, tapping his shoulder.
Kyle raised his head, blinking and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
That night, Amber told Johnson that she would do it.
Amber got down on her knees in front of Kyle and started unbuckling his belt.
"Wait, aren't you going to at least take off your top so he can see your tits?" Johnson asked.
Amber stood up. She smiled at Kyle as she reached down and pulled her t-shirt up and over her head, and unsnapped her bra and removed it as well.
Seeing Kyle gawking at her tits with wide eyes, she smiled again and grasped her heavy tits in her hands.
"Do you want to touch them?" she asked.
He reached up and gingerly kneaded them, panting as he did so. As he did so, Amber reached down and grasped his stiffening cock through his trousers.
Suddenly she felt eager to get him in her mouth. She smiled and pulled her shorts down, naked except for her thong, and knelt down in front of him. In a flash, she had his cock out.
He was nearly trembling with excitement, and leaking preseminal fluid, and she realized that she could almost certainly get him to cum within a couple of minutes, but she wanted to make this good and decided to prolong it.
So she took her time. She flicked the tip of his cock with her tongue, teasing the slit open, and slowly slid her mouth up and down the side, and then held his cock up and slowly licked the soft underside, letting her wet tongue slid slowly up to the tip of his prick. She opened her mouth as if to take him in, but only took in the head of his cock, sucked it gently, and then once again slid her mouth up and down the side of his cock again.
She paused to look up to see his reaction. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open in a silent moan. Smiling in satisfaction, she licked all around the head of his prick again. The tip felt somewhat greasy with his leaking preseminal fluid. She put the tip of his head in her mouth again, sucking gently, then licked the underside again.
Johnson laughed.
"Come on Amber, have mercy on the poor guy," he chuckled.
"I know what I'm doing!" she snapped back at him.
Johnson had no reply to that.
Realizing that he had shut up, Amber turned her attention back to Kyle, more determined than ever that she would give him a blowjob that he would never forget.
She resumed licking his cock, and played with it some, batting it around her open lips, as if she were going to plunge it into her mouth. By this time, he was rock hard. It would be a challenge getting that thing down her throat as hard as it was. He was so stiff, that it was hard to pull his cock down, and it curved up a little, which would make it hard to take in deep, but she knew she could do it.
Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Johnson dropping his shorts and pulling his own stiff cock out. She watched him approach as she let Kyle thrust in and out of her mouth.
She hadn't bargained for sucking them both off at the same time. She had never done that before, and the notion made her feel uncomfortable at first. But why not? After all, she already blew Johnson regularly of course, he was her boyfriend. And it wasn't like this was exactly private anymore between them.
Johnson obviously felt horny and left out, and she felt she needed to take care of her boyfriend if he wanted it, rather than making him wait while his best friend got treated first. Also, a part of her thrilled at this--two cocks at once! She founds herself getting excited, knowing that not only would they be watching her blow themselves, but each other. She moved around so that she was facing the mirror, with one man on either side. This way she could actually see herself moving both of them, and the sight excited her. She didn't realize the mirror had a camera hidden behind it.
Holding Johnson's cock around the base with her hand, she opened her mouth wide and slowly plunged down over the head of his cock. She looked up with her eyes and watched his reaction as she moved her head closer to his belly.
She tried to angle her head in such a way as to allow his cock to go deeper down her throat, but it was tough. She backed off, slowly sliding her lips back, letting her mouth fill with her saliva. When she reached the tip of his cock, she licked up and down his cock again, first one side, then the other, then slipped her lips back over the head and down his shaft once again, this time going deeper. She repeated this several times, each time going deeper, and somewhat faster. When she moved her head off completely and licked and mouthed the side of his cock, she stroked him a little around the base of his cock.
Then she moved back to Kyle's cock, stroking Johnson as she bobbed her head back and forth on Kyle's cock. After a few strokes, she started moving her lips rapidly up and down his cock, which was slick with her saliva and his preseminal fluid. He was gasping and getting close, and she realized it was time to slow down and prolong the experience, so she stopped suddenly, and started tonguing his balls, and then sucked first one in her mouth, and then the other. When she realized he had come down from the point of orgasm, she let his testicle slip from her mouth, and moved her mouth back to Johnson's cock.
This time she spent a little more time on Johnson, since she was trying to catch him up to Kyle, who was closer to cumming. She moved her head up and down on his cock. She turned her head to the side, and held her head still as Johnson started fucking her mouth. His cock pushed out her cheek repeatedly as he grunted and jabbed his cock in and out.
After about a minute, she took control back over and grasped his cock and stroked it again, and then started bobbing her head back and forth, her cheeks drawn in as she sucked him.
Then as he started getting closer to cumming, she stopped, and moved back to Kyle. Once again, she plunged her head down his eager shaft and started pumping her head back and forth faster and deeper. Each time she plunged down, she managed to get his stiff cock deeper and deeper. She moved her hand away so that she could go deeper.
Soon, to her delight, she felt his balls slap up against her chin. She paused with him buried all the way down her throat, proud that she was able to do this, then she slid her mouth back up to the top, and taking a deep breath, licked him up and down again and tongued his balls.
Then, once again, she moved back to Johnson's cock and continued his blowjob. They were getting close to blowing, so she switched cocks to prolong the moment when either could cum, and they were both starting to get impatient.
By this time, Kyle had the worst case of blue balls he had ever had. He moaned and grabbed Amber's head and directed it back on to his cock. She realized that she had taken the game far enough, and that she needed to give the young man some relief.
Amber let Kyle fuck her mouth, at the same time stroking Johnson. She kept her mouth open wide and her tongue out to make room for his cock to go in deep. His hips were pumping wildly now, as he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth rapidly. Amber thrilled at the erotic sound and sensation of his balls slapping up against her chin. She knew he would cum any second.
She quickly moved back to Johnson. He grabbed her head and started sawing his cock quickly in and out of her mouth, going in deep. But she quickly moved back to Kyle's cock.
Kyle pumped three more times in her mouth and then stiffened up and cried out. Amber suddenly felt a warm spray fill her mouth. He was shooting hard, squirt after squirt. Even though she was used to Johnson's heavy cumshots, and had learned to swallow most of it, Kyle was pumping out so much cum, so hard, that she was unable to hold it all in. It had been months since he had sex, and between Amber's build-up and the lack of sex, except for an occasional jack-off, he had a lot of cum in reserve. Streams of white cum poured out the corners of Amber's mouth and ran down her chin and neck and onto her bare swaying breasts.
She realized that Johnson was also close to cumming, and moved her mouth off of Kyle's cock. As she did so, he sprayed into the side of her head. She had turned her head to try to take Johnson's load in her mouth also, but it was too late, she felt him begin spraying on her face and chest. She stroked both cocks as they sprayed jism all over her face, neck and chest.
She laughed out loud thrilling as she rubbed their semen into her breasts like lotion. Long strings of cum dangled between her fingers as she lifted them up and scooped the cum into her mouth. Streams of cum ran down her chest down on to her pendulous tits, swing before them.
Johnson and Kyle watched with amazement.
The three watched TV for a few hours, and then Amber went to the bedroom to get some sleep. She woke up. It was dark, and she felt Johnson's hands on her back and ass. She had fallen asleep with her panties on. She felt Johnson's hands slip up under her skirt and pull her panties down. She sleepily got up on her knees to let him do so.
Johnson pulled up her skirt and pushed it up to her waist. She spread her knees apart on the bed and tilted her pussy up. She felt his tongue licking the length of her pussy, which always turned her on. She felt his tongue stabbing into the folds of her cunt. She was starting to get really wet.
"How do you like that babe?" Johnson asked.
"Ohhh, that feels so good, don't stop!"
And he didn't. He kept licking up and down for a few minutes. She felt his finger stroking her hot cunt. She was undulating her hips up and down. His finger slid into her wet cunt, making her push back. She was so hot she could actually smell herself. She knew she should be embarrassed, but she was too hot to even think straight.
"Ohh, fuck me," she said.
"What's that?" he asked.
"Please fuck me. Fuck me good and hard!" she begged, shoving her cunt back.
She felt his hands grip her hips, and then his cock speared into her, sliding quickly all the way to the hilt. She moaned with pleasure and started rocking back and forth, moaning.
"Ohhh man," a voice moaned.
That, DID NOT sound like Johnson. Even in her excited state, she froze, and then leaned over and turned on the bedside lamp.
It was Kyle who was fucking her. Johnson stood nearby grinning and stroking his cock. The smell of beer suddenly reached her nostrils. They were drunk!
"It's okay baby, it's just me and my homeboy here. Don't stop."
She felt a surge of anger.
"Johnson, I never agreed to...umph"
Johnson had grasped her head and moved her mouth on to his stiff cock.
"Don't worry about it babe. Here just give me some attention too," he slurred.
He guided her head back and forth on his cock. She glanced up at him angrily, as his cock pushed her cheek in and out. Behind her, Kyle resumed his fucking.
In spite of her anger, Amber was still hot. The plowing she was receiving from Kyle behind her and Johnson's stiff cock plunging in and out of her mouth soon overwhelmed her reticence and anger.
Soon, she was in too much pleasure to allow room for any other emotion. It was fantastic, getting it from both ends. The hardest part was trying to get the right rhythm. It was tricky, trying to bob her head with the right timing, and concentrate on that, while at the same time getting fucked hard doggie style. She soon learned that her cock-sucking must have priority on her concentration. Her tail started moving on it's own, with her body moving on instinct as Kyle continued fucking her.
Behind her, Kyle panted as he fucked her. She was so hot and wet--more so than any other girl he had ever fucked. Amber undulated her body even as she bobbed her head on Johnson's cock. The sight of that, and the sight of all the naked butterfly fairies all over her back, and the heat and moisture in her cunt was making it hard for him to hold out. He tried to concentrate on NOT cumming, because he didn't want to blow any earlier than Johnson. Amber's wet cunt seemed to grasp his stiff cock. His prick was the hardest he could ever remember.
The slapping sounds of him pounding into Amber from behind, and the sounds of her slurping as she sucked Johnson's cock, filled the room.
"Mmmph," Amber moaned around Johnson's cock. He was holding her head still and fucking her mouth rapidly, his balls bouncing off of her chin. Suddenly he cried out and plunged his cock all the way in up to his balls.
Amber felt him start shooting in to her mouth. Kyle was fucking her harder and faster, on the verge of cumming. Johnson was cumming hard. She felt her mouth rapidly fill with his jism. She loved swallowing cum, but he was cumming so hard and fast that she couldn't keep it all in her mouth, and it started spilling out from her bottom lip, running in streaks down her chin and on to Johnson's balls, which were still resting on her chin.
The taste of his cum and the feel of it running down her chin, combined with Kyle's fucking, pushed her to orgasm, and she started moaning hard, causing more and more cum to run out of her mouth. Behind her, Kyle was pounding his cock hard in her pussy rapidly.
Amber's orgasm his her like a jolt of electricity. She started crying out around Johnson's cock, still spurting into her mouth. It felt as if wave after wave of energy was washing over her.
Behind her, Kyle was bewildered as Amber thrashed hard, undulating fiercely. Her cunt was gripping his cock spasmodically, and was so hot he almost had to pull out. Hot fluid started gushing out of her cunt. He realized that it was Amber's juices, not his own. He started cumming hard himself.
"Kyle, spray it on her back," Johnson said, and Kyle obliged pulling out and sawing his cock between her ass cheeks. Amber felt the hot globs of Kyle's spunk land like rain all over her tattooed back. Her fairies had all just received a facial.
Amber's orgasm was still coursing through her. Finally it was too much and she passed out.
When she opened her eyes again, she was alone in the bed. She sat up slowly, her memory coming back. She frowned, remembering what had happened. The whole episode didn't feel right. Something was wrong she sensed. Still, she could not deny that she had enjoyed it. Maybe that's what it was--she was discovering a new side to herself? How could she enjoy sex with more than one person? Was she perverted?
She looked around, and then got up and walked through the apartment. Kyle had apparently gone home. Johnson was on his laptop at the kitchen table and didn't even look up at her. She left him alone and went back into the bedroom.
She had juices from three different people drying on her--her own in her crotch and in streaks down her thighs, Kyle's all over her back and ass, and Johnson's all over her face and chest. She took a shower. When she finished her shower, Johnson was on still on his laptop--a look of concentration on his face. What was he doing?
"Johnson baby--what are you doing? I thought finals week was over?" she asked approaching him.
Johnson looked up from his computer, annoyed. He lowered the lid a little.
"Not now Amber, I'm working on something," he said with a frown.
She backed off and went back to bed.
He was on the computer for hours that night. Amber knew this, because she was also awake.
After the initial lethargy created by her powerful orgasm subsided, she found herself troubled. She had loved being fucked by two men at the same time. She had been thrilled blowing both of them at the same time, and had absolutely loved taking it at both ends. It bothered her, because she had assumed that sex and love were two sides to the same coin, and she didn't love Kyle, she loved Johnson. So how could she have enjoyed it so much?
She had also been raised to believe that sex was something done between a man and a woman who loved each other, and were married. It was bad enough that her and Johnson were not married yet, but they were committed and she assumed that marriage was just a matter of time.
Yet she had absolutely thrilled at fucking both Johnson and Kyle. It had resulted in the biggest orgasm she had yet--except maybe when Kathleen had watched her and Johnson fucking--another recent disturbing episode. Never before in her life had she experienced so much pleasure. If Johnson asked her to do it again, she was afraid she wouldn't be able to resist. Worse, she realized with a shiver, she hoped that he would ask. What did this say about love, commitment and marriage? And what was he doing on the computer?