A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing. Please Enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter. This chapter sets the stage for future chapters. I have added a list of the main story characters to the end of the story which was a suggestion by one of the readers. Sounds interesting? ...... Then please enjoy! .........
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged (over 18)!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
From Chapter 7
Terri sat on the toilet and peed then stood up and walked over to the bidet and cleaned her pussy. When she was done I was standing next to her with a towel and dried her pussy like I did for Kim. When we were finished in the bathroom we walked into the bedroom and we crawled up the bed and pulled the sheet down. Kim told Terri she wanted her in the middle so we could hug her from each side. Terri gladly moved into her middle position and lay down. I turned off the light and the three of us slipped into slumber land without any further fanfare.
****************************
Chapter 8
I had just drifted off to sleep when my phone rang and I reached for it quickly so it wouldn't wake up Kim and Terri. An anonymous caller said, "I thought you might like to know, Harold Gordon, Bill Jefferson and Pete Jensen were just released from jail on bail." Then the caller promptly hung up the phone.
I pulled the sheet back and tried to slip out of bed unnoticed and Kim asked, "What's going on honey? Don't worry we're awake now."
Looking towards their direction in the dark I said, "The caller didn't identify himself, he only said the three guys were released on bail a little while ago. I've got some calls to make, both of you stay here."
I heard a couple of gasps before I said, "Don't worry about a thing; no one knows Terri is here and even if they do find out, they wouldn't dare to come here."
I got out of bed and went downstairs and found Jenna, Lisa and Becky still out on the deck so I asked them to come inside and watch TV or something. Jenna looked at me and then without any argument she stood up and said, "Let's go up to my room and listen to some music."
I looked around outside before going back into the house and closing and locking the doors. After checking all the windows and doors I turned to head towards the den to make my phone calls when Jenna came walking back downstairs. She looked at me with a mysterious look on her face then asked, "What's going on dad, you've never asked me to stay inside before?"
Quickly I told her that the three guys were released on bail and I didn't want her outside at night unless I was there too. I told her I had some phone calls to make and she could get back to her friends but not to say a word to them about what I told her. She assured me she wouldn't, and then she turned and bounced back upstairs.
The first call I made was to Ted Johnson's house. Ted answered the phone on the second ring and assured me the anonymous caller's information was correct. He said that he and his officers had searched all three homes and businesses and obtained all the evidence from all the places. I asked Ted if he had a car at Jeff's house in case someone went there and much to my surprise he said, "I have a car right out in front of Jeff's house and you may rest more easily when I tell you a car has been at your house since about six o'clock this evening. We intentionally took a long time processing them out on bail so we could have officers in place before they were let out."
I said, "We've been home all evening and we didn't hear a car come in. Besides, Tony and his family went home a little while ago and they didn't say there was a police car out here."
Ted said, "Wait a minute and I'll tell you where she is."
I heard Ted call his officer on the radio and when the officer responded, Ted asked her where she was located. I heard her tell Ted she was sitting on the road, near our driveway. When Ted came back to me on the phone I said to Ted, "I heard where she is. Call her back on the radio and tell her to pull up to the house and back in by the garage then come to the door. She can sit in the house instead of her car."
Ted said, "My officers are used to being in their car."
"Ted, they might be used to being in their car near the city but I live way out here in God's country and there is no need for her to sit in her car. I will open the door and she can come inside and she can make herself at home. She can have coffee when she wants and I'll get out that box of donuts I've been trying to get rid of for the last month." I said to Ted.
Ted growled into the phone, "You fucking smart ass, we don't eat stale donuts."
I listened as he called the officer on the radio again and told her to drive up to the house and park by the garage and see the owner of the house for additional information. I heard her as she said she was headed up to the house and would be there in a couple of seconds.
Ted came back to the phone and said, "She is on the way up to the house."
I said, "Ted you didn't cover the phone I could hear everything you said and everything she said."
"I didn't want to tell her over the radio you wanted her to come to the house because all my other officers would hear that and want to pull duty at your house. When she gets there you can tell what you want to." Ted finished saying just as the doorbell sounded.
I walked to the door and opened without thinking about my being nude until the officer's eyes got real wide and she looked at me. ONLY THEN did I realize I was standing there in all my glory, showing her every inch of my body. I'm used to being nude in my house so I hadn't given my lack of clothing a second thought.
I handed the female officer my phone and said, "Here, talk to Ted while I go get a robe to put on." As I passed the phone to the female officer I heard Ted's laugher echoing through the phone.
The officer stopped me dead in my tracks by saying, "You don't have to go for your robe now, and you have nothing to hide. I saw your front and you just showed me your butt, so stand here while this laughing hyena gets his jollies."
I stood there while she talked to Ted and scrutinized my anatomy. She blatantly stared at my bald cock and balls which started to rise as she continued to stare. Then her eyes moved up to my face and I saw her smile at me, before her eyes moved south again. Finally, she handed the phone back to me and I stood facing her saying, "Ted you are an evil bastard. Did you tell her it would be ok for her to hang out inside instead of outside in her car?"
Ted said, "I only told her that you were a very nice guy despite answering the door completely naked. I did tell her that your family was nudists and not to take offense to you. You can show her around, she's cool and won't cuff you unless you get some funny idea she should join you in the hot tub."
"So are you saying I can't offer her, a trip to the hot tub or only that she'll get kinky and hand cuff me in the hot tub?" I asked Ted with a huge smile on my face while I was looking at the female officer in front of me.
She frowned at me and I smiled at her then cut Ted short by saying, "Well, we have to go now Ted, I hear the hot tub calling and she has her cuffs out now."
Once I clicked the phone off, I put my hand forward and said, "Hi my name is Dan Morrison and you are?"
She took my hand and squeezed it like I was shaking hands with a guy who spent hours in a gym before saying, "My name is Officer Mary Davis."
"Well Officer Davis, I won't bother getting any false sense of modesty now, so I'll say I told Ted to have his officer come inside because I don't live in the city and there is no reason for you to sit out on the edge of the road. You are here doing a job but you are also here doing us a favor and keeping us safe and for that we are all very grateful. Ted told me he told you we were nudists so please don't be embarrassed. If our nudity bothers you, please say so and we will all wear something while you are here."
"First let me say, you and your family should call me Mary and second, you and your family can't do anything that will shock me so I'm not embarrassed, nor bothered, by your nudity. Actually I'm kind of enjoying the view. We females don't get to see too many males who are shaved bald so I hope you don't mind me saying, I love what I'm seeing and you're looking pretty good in the "nicely hung" department."
"Well Mary, please call me Dan and make yourself at home here. How long is your shift?"
Mary said, "I'm here until eight o'clock tomorrow morning and then I think Officer Shelly White is going to relieve me. I had to come in a little early tonight because of the release, but normally I will be working eight to eight. We are doing twelve hours shifts so I will be back out here tomorrow night at eight o'clock."
I smiled with an evil grin, I said, "We are having a party here tomorrow and if you come to work early, you will see more of your sergeant than you've ever seen before."
Mary looked at me quizzingly before I added, "I don't know if I should tell you this, but Ted is one of my guests tomorrow for a small party we are hosting." I quickly added, "BUT you can't go and say anything to anyone, especially at the office."
"If you follow me, I'll show you around so you will know where everything is. While you are here I don't want you to be bashful. Over here is the coffee maker and the coffee packs. The refrigerator is loaded with plenty of food in case you get hungry." I said with a smile on my face.
I walked to the glass doors and opened them and walked out on the deck and pointed towards the hot tub and saying, "The hot tub is over there and you're welcome to use it or the pool over there. The only rule we have is we don't allow any clothes in either one."
Mary smiled at me and said, "Dan, are you trying to tell me I would have to be naked to go in your hot tub or pool?"
I smiled and said, "Mary you are a fast learner and I love the way you think."
Pointing with my finger I said, "There's a towel cabinet over there by the pool and an outdoor shower over there so you can wash off the chlorine when you're finished. Like I said, don't be bashful while you are here because you are here for our protection and I want you to enjoy the few amenities I can offer you."
We walked back inside the house and I slid the doors closed and locked them then led the way through the kitchen and down the hall to show Mary where the bathroom is located. We walked into the living room and I picked up the TV remote and the Dish remote and handed both to Mary saying, "You are welcome to watch TV and relax here or I can give you a bedroom upstairs and you can sleep in a real bed instead of the couch or your car. The main thing is you are here in case anything happens. I will leave it up to you."
Mary said, "Do you really mean I can sleep in a bed and you won't say anything to Ted? Oops, I mean Sergeant Johnson."
I turned and started walking towards the stairs before saying, "Follow me."
Mary quickly put down both remotes and followed me as I started walking up the stairs. I turned my head to say something to Mary and I noticed she was staring right at my ass. So I turned back around quickly and kept walking. As we got near Jenna's room I noticed her door was open like always, so I stopped to ask Jenna a question. Jenna looked at me then saw Mary and jumped up off her bed and came running to the bedroom door asking, "What's the matter, daddy? Why do you have a police officer with you?"
I told Jenna, "Calm down baby, Mary is going to be spending the night with us and I wanted to know which room you had your guests staying in."
Suddenly Lisa asked, "Mary, what are you doing here?"
Mary looked into Jenna's bedroom and saw Lisa and Becky standing next to Jenna's bed completely naked and she asked, "Lisa, the better question would be, what are the two of you doing here?"
Lisa walked over to the door and said, "Becky and I are staying with Jenna for the weekend. Since they are nudists, we're enjoying their lifestyle while we are here."
I looked at Mary and said, "Let me introduce you to my daughter, Jenna. She works with Lisa and Becky and she invited them over here for the weekend."
"How do you know Lisa and Becky?" I asked Mary.
Mary smiled at me saying, "I know both of them from church."
Then Mary looked at Lisa and Becky before she said, "Don't worry girls, I'm staying here overnight, so before the night is over I may end up naked too."
Both girls rushed over and hugged Mary and Lisa said, "Dan saw me naked one day in the boutique when mom and my aunt were with me and mom read me the riot act, so I would appreciate it if you didn't stir up the mud in that pot again."
Becky excitedly said, "Mary you can't believe how free I feel not having to wear clothes. We were in the pool and the hot tub tonight and it felt so great. I love being nude."
Mary looked at both Lisa and Becky saying, "Don't worry; I won't say a word to anyone. It seems like you are having fun and no one is being hurt, so enjoy yourselves."
Jenna reminded me again I hadn't answered her question when she said to me again, "You didn't tell me why the police are here."
I looked at Jenna saying, "Ted wanted to make sure everything is covered, so he sent Mary out here to stay with us for a few days."
Speaking about not answering questions, you didn't answer my question, I stated, "Which room will your guests be staying in?"
Jenna said, "I think Lisa and Becky are going to stay in the next room on this side so if you want to give Mary the one of the rooms on the other side, that will be good."
I told Jenna and the girls I was going to show Mary the bedrooms and let her choose which one she wanted. As we walked towards the bedrooms I said to Mary in a quiet voice, "What you hear and see at my home, I would appreciate it if you kept it to yourself. Actually, anyone who works or comes here regularly, we have them sign a confidentiality statement, including Ted Johnson. Most likely Terri will give you one of them in the morning."
We got to the first bedroom and I turned on the light and we walked in. I showed Mary around the room and showed her the bathroom then I said, "I think the other bedroom is a little bigger, if you are interested."
We walked over to the other room and when we walked in Mary was immediately impressed with the four poster bed and turned to me asking, "Are you serious about me staying in this bedroom if I want?"
I looked at her asking, "Have I told you a lie since you've been here? Of course you can sleep in this room if you want to. The TV remote is on the stand over by the bed. The bathroom is set up the same way with a toilet and a bidet, but this room has a larger shower. I don't know if you were serious when you told the girls you might end up naked, but let me tell you that you will be welcome to join us and be nude if you choose to. Also, we have a family policy that no one is forced or coerced into doing anything they don't want to do. Both of us are adults so I will tell you whatever you do here won't be mentioned outside the borders of this estate."
Mary looked at me before asking, "What about Lisa and Becky. I know them from church and being one of the adult leaders there, I wouldn't want them to tell anyone at church."
I looked at Mary and asked her to wait in the bedroom for me and I would be right back and she assured me she would. I went downstairs and fired up the house computer and opened Terri's folder and found the confidentiality statement. I made one for Mary and printed two copies and then shut the computer back down. When I got back to the bedroom where I left Mary, I didn't see her immediately so I called her name and she walked out of the bathroom in only her bra and panties. I took one look at Mary in her white lace bra and white panties which hugged her pussy nicely with only a slight crease in the middle showing me a hint of her pussy and my cock finished standing straight up, looking skyward.
Mary looked at me and noticed my cock immediately saying, "Oh my, I forgot males are turned on by women in their underwear."
I smiled and said, "This guy is turned on looking at any legal aged female, clothed or not."
I smiled and walked towards Mary holding out the confidentiality statements to her. I asked Mary to read the statement and sign both of them and keep one and give me the other. Mary read the form and looked at me asking, "Did you say Ted signed one of these for you?"
I said, "Yes, as I told you before, all our staff and any regular visitor sign one of these forms because Kim and I are executives with a couple of major corporations. Neither one of us can afford to have someone leave the estate and start talking about our nudist lifestyle. Since Ted and Marion work here installing our new security system, both of them have signed a statement for us. Even Lisa and Becky signed one of these statements so they won't go back to church and talk about their experiences here."
Mary asked, "Have Ted and Marion been nude when they were here?"
I nodded towards the forms and said, "I can't tell you anything like that until you sign your form."
Mary re-read the form and then put it down on the table and signed both copies. I told her to keep one for her records and I'd take one. She smiled at me asking, "Now, have Ted and Marion been nude here in your house?"
I smiled at Mary and said, "Yes, both of them are nude all the time. Marion loves being here so much she comes over and hangs out with Terri even though she doesn't have to work."
Mary smiled and asked, "Is Terri your daughter or your wife?
"Kim is my wife and she's in bed and Terri is the one who you are here to protect. She is the first one who got away from Harold and will be testifying at his trial when we get the fuckers back behind bars where they belong. We have sort of adopted Terri as our own daughter since she came here and applied for our housekeeping position. That's when we learned there was a problem at the store Harold Gordon owns." I explained to Mary.
Mary reached behind her and unfastened her bra and let it slid down her arms and her beautiful "A" cup titties with pink areolas and tiny nipples came into view. Mary saw me looking and said, "I wear a padded bra."
I immediately told Mary, "You have lovely titties and you should never have to feel the need to explain you wear a padded bra to anyone. They are simply beautiful!"
Mary interrupted saying, "But guys are always staring at the girls with big titties and lots of cleavage. The big busted girls are always complaining that guys don't look them in the eyes but look at their chests."
"Mary, not all guys are like that. Most of us would rather play with a titty in each hand and not the big sized ones that take both hands to hold just one. The big busted girls, as you put it, exaggerate the facts about guys looking at their chests so they can make girls with small manageable titties feel bad. I really love your titties and anytime you want them massaged, just let me know." I said with a broad smile on my face.
Mary looked me straight in the eye a few seconds before she said with a straight face, "Dan you are the biggest bullshit artist I've ever encountered. You made that lovely speech with compassion in your voice as if you really cared about my small titties. I have to give you an A+ for your impromptu opinion."
In my best John Wayne voice I said, "Well Pilgrim, I was only telling you the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth 'cause I swore of a stack of Bibles, I'd never tell a lie."
Mary broke out laughing at my impression and said, "OK Dan, I have to take your word for it because I only met you and I have no basis to disbelieve you. I do love your style; you certainly are different than other guys I've met. I've been standing in this bedroom alone with you for the last ten minutes wearing only my panties and you haven't attacked me or anything. I think I'm going to love my duty time here."
I stood there looking at Mary and noticed she is a beauty and foxy looking cop. She stands about five foot seven inches tall and has blonde shoulder length hair which she released from a bun on the back of her head. She has powder blue eyes a great white smile. Her biceps stand out on her arms and you can almost see the six-pack abs on her stomach. As I looked down, she is wearing white satin, high cut, French style panties and her thighs look like those of a power lifter.
Mary broke my concentration when she asked, "Where is Terri now, I didn't see her with the other girls."
I motioned for Mary to follow me and we walked over to my open bedroom door and both of us could see Kim and Terri spooned against each other and the sheet only covered from their hips down so we could see both were naked. Mary looked and then turned to me asking, "Where are you going to be sleeping tonight?"
Without hesitation I pointed to my side of the bed and said in a quiet voice, "I will most likely be spooned up against her on the other side when I get ready to go back to bed."
Mary looked up at me with a questioning look and I said, "Mary, all of us are legal aged here. What we do here is our private business, but I will tell you that we all share everything here. We are a very loving family, if you know what I mean."
Mary had a stunned look on her face and finally asked in a hushed voice, "Are you saying what I think you are saying?"
"Mary, I have never been in the habit of telling our personal lives to someone I just met, come with me down to the kitchen and we will discuss some things because you are going to be staying here and we aren't going to be able to hide anything from you." I said.
As Mary and I walked past Jenna's room the girls saw us and Lisa said, "Way to go Mary. You look beautiful."
Mary smiled into the room and kept walking with me. When we reached the top of the stairs Mary suddenly said, "Wait I should have my radio with me in case they try to call me from the station. Let me go to my room and get it."
I watched as Mary ran down the hallway and her lovely ass moved fluidly with each running step she took. Her ass cheeks were tight and didn't bounce at all. I was still looking at the door Mary disappeared into when suddenly a Mary reappeared wearing only her panties and her pistol belt. I watched in awe as Mary started towards me and as she paused outside Jenna's bedroom door. I watched as she turned and faced the girls in the room as they whooped and giggled seeing the way Mary was dressed. Mary turned and finished walking towards me and we walked down the stairs together.
I walked over to the coffee maker and was fiddling with it when Mary asked, "Dan, have you ever made coffee in that thing before?"
I turned and faced Mary saying, "I've watched Terri and Kim do it many times. I know you just have to put this coffee pack in the top......."
Mary was beside me and interrupted me saying, "I have one of these coffee makers at home. I'll make the coffee and you can get the cream and sugar out."
I went to the refrigerator and picked up the half-n-half and brought it back to the counter top and then went to the drawer and picked out a couple of teaspoons. I pulled a couple of napkins from the holder and moved the sugar across the counter to the chairs we would be sitting in. I went to the cupboard and pulled out two towels and covered the seats of our chairs before I sat down and said, "Now where were we?"
Mary was fast, maybe too fast, to remind me she had asked where I was going to sleep.
I cleared my throat and said, "Aw yes, back to our loving family. Well, as I told you upstairs, I'm not in the habit of talking about our personal family life with someone I just met especially a police officer, so I don't want you to get the wrong idea. However, you have indicated that you will be here each night with us so we are not going to hide or sneak around trying to live our lifestyle while you are here. I suppose if you get offended at any time we could make arrangements to occupy one section of the house while you are in the other but that would be a shame to deprive either of us full access to the estate. Now that I've said all that, I will tell you straight up we are a loving family and I mean that in a mental and physical sense. I know it is not an accepted norm for society, but we aren't asking approval from society. We live here together and each of us is very happy with our arrangements. We ALL share our love equally so no one is left out. And we share because it's what we all want and feel very comfortable doing. As I said before, no one here is ever forced or coerced into doing anything they don't want to do. So now that I've said a mouth full, I'm sure you have some questions for me."
"Do the females in this house have the right to "share" as you so nicely put it?" Mary asked.
Looking at Mary as I fixed my coffee I said, "If you are asking me if all of us are equal in this house, I will tell you emphatically the answer is yes. Being that I am outnumbered three to one in this house, most of the time, I think you should be asking me if I have an equal right here." I finished saying with a big smirk on my face.
"What I was really wondering is, if another man came here, would the three females who live here have the right to choose him over you if they wanted? How would you feel about that?" Mary asked with a serious look on her face.
"Mary, there have been other males here. Actually, there are a couple of males on our staff and let me say, all the ladies of this house love the variety. I'm not sure how personal you're looking to get but I will tell you we don't have orgies here but we fully endorse the idea of sharing our love with whomever we want without any, and I do mean any, repercussion."
Mary was quiet for a moment before she asked, "If you say you don't have orgies here but you endorse sharing your love with others, are you saying you endorse people having sex, making love in front of others?"
"I can see you aren't going to let me off easy so I will give you an example of this evening's activities. Yes, I watched my lovely wife make love to two members of our staff. My daughter arranged an all female love session where everyone was totally satisfied when they finished." I said without any hesitation.
Mary again pondered what I said before she asked, "Are the females who live here bisexual?"
I smiled broadly saying, "All three of them enjoy the soft touch of a woman as well as a hard cock. I'm not sure what the ratio would
Mary sipped her coffee, sat quietly staring at the counter top before she asked, "Do you share with others?"
I smiled and said, "We share everything here. Are you asking me that question for a particular reason?"
"I'm sitting here in my panties with a naked man. I am a single woman but I am also a police officer, an upstanding citizen in our city, I volunteer with the girl scouts and I am one of my church's youth leaders, so I shouldn't even be entertaining the thoughts I am having right now, but looking at your cock standing straight up, I can't help but wonder......." Mary said without finishing her statement.
I looked at Mary and said, "I have to make a couple of phone calls in the den and when I'm finished I will come back out here. You can watch some TV in the living room or do whatever you want to do. But one thing I want you to be sure of is your feelings. Take some time to think and I'll be back in a little bit. OK?"
Mary looked into my eyes and said, "Dan you really are different than any other guy I've ever known. Most guys would try to jump my bones immediately after listening to what I told you and yet you are asking me to make sure I want to follow my feelings. That's really nice."
I picked up my coffee and smiled at Mary before I leaned in and gave her a kiss on her forehead and then walked towards my den. Once in the den I sat down at my desk and hooked up with my friends in a conference call. I apologized to them for the late night call and then I went on to explain that Harold Gordon, Bill Jefferson and Pete Jensen were all let out on bail a little while ago. I said the original plan won't work, but I was interested in the same effects but without all the lavishness of the table, lights and audience. I told the guys I wanted the three to experience everything we had decided upon before, including the pictures at the end. I told the guys I had a another friend who may be able to take the picture with a huge telephoto lens so no one would have to risk being too close when taking the pictures. I continued telling the guys the place would have to be in an indescribable place maybe a barn or even an open field. I explained each person helping would have to wear a mask or a hood and have their body covered completely so they won't be recognizable. I told the guys I wanted to be present when it happened, but I would stay off in a distance with Terri so she could watch the men who tormented her get their just rewards. We talked a little while longer and I told my friends that I will pay all the expenses and all they have to do is make it happen and only choose those people who can keep their mouth shut. I didn't want to rush the guys but I mentioned time was important as was the element of surprise. I left it in their capable hands to get the job done. Finally, I told them I had a police officer staying at my house twenty four hours a day until we can get the guys back in jail. I told them to call me and try to give me enough advance warning to let me know when and where the event was going to take place so I could arrange for the camera. I hung up the phone with a huge smile on my face as I leaned back in my chair and relaxed knowing my friends would take care of business.
Suddenly I remembered that I left a very cute almost naked woman in my kitchen so I got up and left the den and on the way to the kitchen I passed the living room and saw Mary resting in my recliner. I stopped dead in my tracks to observe her beauty. She must have heard me because Mary looked over her shoulder and asked, "Are you finished with your calls?"
Smiling and walking into the living room I said, "Yes ma'am I am."
Mary stood up and clicked the remote turning off the TV before she laid the remote back on the table and started walking towards me. I noticed she was carrying her pistol belt and said with a grin, "I loved your official look before when you were wearing it dressed in only your panties. However now I am wondering what you would look like wearing your pistol belt without your panties on."
Mary stopped walking and unbuckled her pistol belt and put it around her waist and buckled it up again. Smiling at me she said, "Dan if you want to see me in my pistol belt without my panties, you will have to do the honors and take my panties off me."
I looked into Mary's eyes and stared at her for a few moments before I said, "Are you absolutely sure you want to do this? I don't want to do anything that will cause you to have second thoughts tomorrow. I want you to come back here until this duty is over and since you seem to fit in, I will open an invitation to you to come back here anytime you want to get away from society and enjoy our private kind of lifestyle. Again, there is no pressure for you to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable but I want to tell you, you are a very beautiful young lady."
"Dan, shut up; you're talking too much. Get over here and get down on your knees and help me take these panties off my body!" Mary said with an air of authority in her voice.
I closed the distance to Mary in two steps before I moved to kneel in front of her. Mary stood with her feet slightly parted with her hands on her hips at the top of her pistol belt. Without further ado I reached up and hooked my fingers into the waist band on each side of Mary's panties. While looking up into Mary's eyes, I intentionally started to draw her panties downward slowly over her ass cheeks in case she changed her mind. Seeing no hesitation in her face I continued to pull slowly without looking, even though I knew I had already uncovered her most private part of her body. With a smile on her face Mary lifted first one leg and then the other to allow me to take her panties off her completely. Still looking deeply into her eyes I brought Mary panties up to my face and moved them around so I had the damp crotch panel in front of my nose before I inhaled deeply and closed my eyes to enjoy the delicate fragrance of her female juices. I inhaled deeply a second time before I opened my eyes again and saw a look of lust on Mary's face. Holding her panties to my nose and without looking at her pussy I stood up and offered Mary the moist crotch of her panties so she could enjoy her own wonderful aroma. Mary took a deep breath and held it momentarily before she exhaled and said, "Oh my God, this is so sexy, I've never experienced anyone like you before, Dan. You are truly a gentleman."
Holding Mary's panties up to her nose I moved in close to her face until my nose was also touching her panties then I said, "Let's breathe and enjoy your scent together."
Both of us breathed in at the same time and when we exhaled Mary threw her arms around my neck and pulled me those last few millimeters until our lips met and she started kissing me so passionately. I allowed my hands to roam her body and ended up with one palm on each of her titties with her stiff tiny nipples poking the palms of my hands. I gently massaged her titties then moved to tweak her nipples. I found out immediately her nipples were sensitive as Mary melted against me moaning with pleasure. I whispered in her ear, "Go up to your bedroom and I will be along as soon as I turn off the lights and lock the doors."
Mary gave me a passionate kiss then slowly stepped away from me and walked out of the living room headed towards the stairs. I held her panties to my nose as I walked through the house checking the doors and turning off the lights. After climbing the stairs and starting down the hall I saw Mary standing outside Jenna's room looking in. When I reached Jenna's door I looked in and saw the girls on Jenna's bed with Jenna licking Lisa's pussy, Lisa licking Becky's pussy and Becky licking Jenna's pussy.
I leaned over and whispered in Mary's ear, "They are so content and it seems like all of them are enjoying each other."
Mary looked at me and then pulled my arm down the hall towards the bedroom she selected. Once inside the room she unfastened her pistol belt and put it on the nightstand beside the bed. Mary turned to me and asking, "Is that what you meant by sharing your love?"
Taking Mary in my arms and kissing her neck I said, "No, what I'm going to do to your body is what I call sharing my love."
Mary said, "Let me go close the door because I get loud sometimes."
Without looking at her I said into Mary's neck, "No leave the door open, we don't have anything to hide in this house. I told you we are a loving family and if someone sees us, then they are welcome to join in if they want to."
Mary breathed into my neck saying, "It would be so hot for your daughter Jenna to come in here and bring Lisa and Becky with her. It has always been a fantasy of mine to try what they are doing."
I pulled back and looked at Mary searching her eyes and face before saying, "Then don't hold back. If you are known for making noise then have at it."
Mary broke away from our embrace and jumped up on the bed and pulled the comforter and sheet back then said, "Dan I can't wait any longer, I need to make love to you right now!"
Mary lay back on the bed with her legs together, knees bent and her feet flat on the bed. I moved until I was by her feet before I put a hand on each knee and pushed them slowly off to the side to reveal a beautiful bald pussy with a short blonde landing strip about an inch and a half long extending down to the top of her slit. Slowly I lifted Mary's legs as I started kissing her thigh as I move upward towards her lovely pussy. Mary was already pulling at my hair and moaning softly and I hadn't even reached my target yet. Finally I stuck out my tongue and ran it upwards along her tight slit. The second time I pushed a little harder and my tongue separated her slit slightly and Mary gave a gasp followed by a moan. I knew I had her on the run so the next trip with my tongue I pushed even harder and presto I opened the flood gates and Mary's fluid flowed out on my tongue. I pushed my tongue in a little further and when I reached the top of her pussy, my tongue hit a little bump which made Mary bounce off the bed and moan loudly. I smiled to myself knowing I was going to make her scream before I was finished with her.
I intentionally teased Mary for another few minutes before I used my fingers to pry open her pussy lips giving me full access. Then I used my tongue to lick her juices out of her wonderful tasting love tunnel before I moved up and attacked her clit, sending Mary into seventh heaven. I sucked her clit between my lips and between nibbling gently on it and licking the trapped end Mary began to buck wildly while I stayed attached to her clit only because I had a good suction fit. My mouth continued to ride the bucking filly as she pulled my hair and screamed through two earth shattering orgasms. I eased away from her when she released my hair and watched her while she lay panting for air, trying to catch her breath. Standing beside the bed was Jenna, Becky, Lisa, Terri and Kim and all of them were staring at the naked lady laying on the bed spread wide enjoying her post orgasmic bliss.
Mary slowly opened her eyes then she jumped and started to close her legs when she saw everyone beside the bed looking at her. My hands were still on her knees so her attempt to hide her charms was unsuccessful. I smiled down at Mary and said, "Let me introduce you to my family. That beautiful woman standing to the right is my lovely wife Kim and the young lady on her right is Terri. You already know the rest. Kim, Terri this young lady is Officer Mary Davis who was sitting out on the road in her car until I talked to Ted and told him to have his officer come up to the house. As you heard, Mary is very vocal when she has an orgasm."
Mary shyly looked and waved her hand saying, "I think I'm glad to meet you, but I'm not sure what you will think of me seeing me all spread out like this."
Kim was the first to move forward and take Mary's hand saying, "We are very glad to meet you and I see my husband has already shown you we share everything in this house. In this house we don't judge people, we love people. Oh and you look absolutely delicious spread out as you are. When Dan has finished satisfying your needs and you want a little more, don't hesitate to ask me to be the next one to take Dan's place."
Terri was next to step up and thanked Mary for being here to protect her. Terri smiled and said, "When daddy is done and if you have enough energy to have more fun, let me know."
The girls started giggling and one by one Lisa, Becky and Jenna said, "We want a piece of you too."
Mary blushed and said, "My God what have I gotten myself into?"
Kim sat down on the bed and said, "In a few minutes apparently you're going to have a stiff cock in you and after that you might want to fall asleep fast or tomorrow will be a very long day for you. Either way, both of you have a great time and if you need help with him, call one of the girls. I'm going back to bed now that I know no one is being murdered."
Mary produced a half smile and said, "Kim, I'm sorry if I woke you up but I promise I will try to be quieter during round two."
Becky asked, "Mary, can I stay in here with you for awhile?"
Mary looked shocked when she looked up at me and I nodded my head then Mary turned to Becky and asked, "Are you sure you want to? Dan and I are going to make love to me in a few minutes."
Becky jumped up on the bed as everyone turned and started out of the room. Becky was fast to say, "Mary, your pussy looks great and I love your titties."
"Becky, you know we are going to be together in church so you can't say anything about this when we are there. I hope you understand." Mary said while looking sideways at Becky.
Becky smiled and said, "Mary, we are all consenting adults here so what we do here stays here and won't be talked about outside the Morrison's house. Mary, I saw you watching us a little while ago, did you like what you saw?"
Mary looked up at me and again I nodded my head and finally Mary said, "Yes Becky, I loved watching you and I've always harbored a secret fantasy of doing the same thing, except I never had any friends who I could trust like that."
I moved forward and started to line my cock up with Mary's pussy when Becky asked, "Dan, can I do that for you?"
I looked between Becky then Mary and this time it was Mary's turn to nod her head and I said, "Go ahead Becky, line me up so I can put my cock into Mary's juicy pussy. I don't want you to let go of my cock until there's no more room for your hand and then I want you to rub Mary's clit while I fuck her."
Mary blushed and said, "I can't believe this is happening to me. Don't get me wrong, I've already enjoyed what's happened but everyone seems so laid back and accepting and I'm not used to that."
Mary laid flat on the bed looking up at me and then she looked at Becky. I moved slowly forward sliding my cock into Mary's hot, wet and tight pussy. Once my cock was firmly embedded deep inside her, she let out a long garbled moan when Becky touched her clit. I remained deep inside Mary without moving as Becky continued to rub Mary's clit making her churn her hips attempting to get my cock deeper. Becky leaned forward and took Mary's right nipple between her lips which drove Mary wild. Becky moved between both tits licking Mary's nipples.
Finally Mary begged, "Dan please drive your cock deep into my pussy. I need you to give me a good fucking so bad."
Sweat dripped off my face onto Mary's stomach as I picked up speed and I rotated my hips so I could give Mary an experience she would remember for a long time to cum. Mary moved her right hand out underneath Becky and found Becky's clit and started rubbing it as each of us continued to work on Mary's body. Within a few minutes Mary was building towards another orgasm as she begged me to fuck her and asked Becky to nibble on her nipples. Suddenly I felt Mary push her legs out straight before she locked her legs around my waist and used her thigh muscles to pull me into her and hold me there and move me where she wanted me. I've never experienced being trapped like I was at this moment and being used as a fuck toy. Suddenly I felt my cum moving and I warned Mary I was going to cum so she should release me so I could pull out and she screamed, "You aren't going any place you fucker, I want your cock and don't even think about leaving me now."
Mary held me around the waist and I began to cum inside her hot pussy sending her over the edge. She started to shudder, scream, and shake as her orgasm gripped her body and didn't let go. I tried to pump, but moving was not going to happen unless Mary allowed me to. When Mary's orgasm died down she slowly released her grip on my body and I unwrapped her legs and escaped but I didn't go far. I crawled up beside her and held her in my arms. We kissed a few times until Becky leaned in and unexpectedly kissed Mary full on the lips. I released Mary and she rolled slightly to her right and embraced Becky as they continued to kiss. Soon both females were involved in passionately kissing. Becky pulled her head back after a few minutes and asked, "Mary, will you lick my clit until I cum?"
Mary looked at Becky for a few seconds then smiled saying, "I would love to lick your pussy Becky, but you should know I've never done it before, so you may have to guide me."
Becky smiled and said, "I want to sixty nine with you because Dan's cum is in your pussy and I want to taste him while I lick your pussy."
Mary said, "Mmmmmmmmmmm, you are a naughty girl, Becky. I love the way you think."
Becky stretched out on her back and instructed Mary to get on top with her pussy over Becky's face so she could lick her. Once Mary was in position there were some ohhhhs and some awwwwws and then both females started pumping their hips as each of them feverishly began licking the pussy presented them. I sat up and watched as the two females attacked each other's pussy and listened to them while enjoying the view. I was fascinated watching them move spasmodically as each of them approached their orgasmic high. Both of them became more vocal and louder, while their movements became more unpredictable. Suddenly both of them began grinding their pussy into the face of the other, trying to ride the pleasure all the way to a blissful finish. When they finally stopped moving, Mary lay atop Becky panting, but other than her breathing she wasn't moving. Finally, Mary rolled off Becky towards me and I was in the right position to catch her upper body in my arms and cradle her. Looking down into her face I asked with a huge smile on my face, "Are you sorry you decided to let me take off your panties?"
"Oh God NO! Dan, I've never been more satisfied sexually than I am right now. I have experienced more in the past couple of hours than I have in my whole lifetime. I've never been able to explore like this because of my position and this is so great I wish it didn't have to end. Most of all, I am so happy you spoke to Ted and wanted me to come up here to the house." Mary said in an excited voice.
Becky turned and moved close to Mary and said, "Mary, it doesn't have to end now. We can get together anytime you want and I promise you, I will never tell a sole what we do."
I looked down at Mary and said with a wide smile, "I would love to have you show up here in your bra, panties wearing your pistol belt so I could have the chance to pull your panties off again anytime you want. You looked exceptionally sexy in those panties pulled up tightly against your lovely pussy so the crease of your pussy showed."
I continued by saying, "Remember you are going to be with us for at least a few more nights, so when you arrive you can join us immediately, you don't have to wait for an invitation. If you don't have anything to do tomorrow then you are welcome to hang our here and join us at the party we are hosting. I will tell you all the guests will be nude so it's up to you what you want to do."
"Ted and Marion will be here tomorrow." I said as an afterthought.
Mary looked up and be asking, "So everyone will be nude tomorrow and what about sex?"
Looking down at Mary I said, "If two or more people consent to indulge themselves, they are welcome to do so. We aren't going to stop them."
"So you're saying there is a likelihood that a couple of people and possibly more could have sex in front of all the other people who are attending your party and no one is going to say anything to them?" Mary asked.
"Let me re-phrase myself, we may cheer them on and give them words of encouragement, but we won't tell them they can't have sex, nor will we judge them for choosing to enjoy themselves no matter who is watching them." I clarified.
Mary giggled and said, "This party of yours sounds like I might be able to pick up some additional tips. I hope I would not be expected to participate if I did stay here."
"Absolutely not, no one ever forces or coerces anyone into doing anything in my house. Only those who want to and consent to participate will do whatever they want to do." I said with much conviction in my voice.
"I don't want to get to personal, so don't answer me if you think this is personal. Would you like to enjoy another family tradition and join me in the bathroom for a shower? We usually wash the body parts on the others who are in the shower with us." I asked Mary and Becky.
Mary said, "I haven't been disappointed in anything I've tried since I walked up on the front porch, so I'm ready to try anything at least once and more if I find out I'm enjoying myself. Given that I signed that confidentiality statement I can sort of cut loose here and not worry about someone leaving here and talking about the things I've tried."
Becky looked at Mary and shyly said, "Mary please don't hold this against me but I also enjoyed Dan's cock as well as an all girl daisy chain out on the deck earlier this evening. Dan is a true gentle man. I'm haven't been a virgin for a while but I am extremely tight and when I mentioned that to Dan, he assured me he would go slowly until I adjusted to his size and he did. The best part was everyone was out there on the deck watching us enjoy ourselves."
Mary used her hand to smooth Becky's hair before saying, "Becky darling, how could I possibly hold anything against you when you've barely finished fulfilling one of my most private and restrained fantasies. You are a wonderful young lady and I look forward to spending many hours with you, completely naked."
Becky smiled and said, "Let's go get cleaned up and then we can talk some more."
"Dan, did you say the family tradition is to wash the body parts of the others in the shower with you?" Mary asked.
I replied, "Actually in this family nothing is private, we all know everything about each other and I do mean everything."
Mary said as she winked at me, "Sounds weird but interesting. I guess I will have to get used to the way this family operates if I'm going to be hanging out here for the next few days."
We walked into the bathroom and I walked over to the toilet and raised the seat, immediately both Becky and Mary turned to leave the bathroom. I looked over my shoulder with a slight laugh saying, "Remember what I said before, we share everything so you don't have to leave if you don't want to. Sometimes, the three women I live with take turns holding this for me because they don't own one of these things and they love to watch as they use my pee to splash the bowl."
Becky turned and immediately asked, "Can I do that now?"
I looked at Becky and said, "Yes if you would like to try steering this thing you are more than welcome."
Both Becky and Mary walked into the bathroom and Becky moved to one side of me and Mary the other side. Becky put out her hand and gripped my cock as I stood facing the toilet and I said, "The first squirt is the most important because that tells you were the stream is going to go, so make sure you are pointing me into the toilet so I don't pee on the floor. Secondly, you have to release your grip a little otherwise we will be waiting the rest of the night." Then I turned and winked at Becky and she smiled back at me.
I was finally able to start peeing and Becky giggled her girlish giggle and had a great time steering my stream around the bowl doing figure eight and then she made a heart before I ran out of fluid. "It was fun to drive your cock but I'm glad I have my pussy because it seems like too much trouble worrying about where you're going to pee when all I have to do is sit down and let it go and I hit inside the bowl all the time. Plus, I don't have to worry about tucking anything away when I'm finished." Becky said with a huge smile on her face.
Mary started laughing and talking at the same time so everything she said came out in choppy pieces, "She's ....... got you..... Dan...... our pussy is..... much easier to ...... pee with.... then.... wipe and go.... but I like..... your..... cock for .... other things...."
I asked Mary if she was going to use the bidet and she looked at me shyly saying, "Ummm Dan, I use a douche at home but I've never used one of those things. I'm not sure I would want to use one with a guy standing right next to me anyway."
I asked, "Do you want me to step out of the bathroom so you can experiment with it? I can show you the basics and then leave."
Becky stepped up and said, "I've been here longer than Mary has today and I've seen how close your family is Dan so if you want to show me how to use it then maybe Mary will be able to use it when you step out."
I smiled and said, "It's very simple and just like a douche but with a continuous flow of water. The seat is designed so you sit facing the back of the bowl but it is best to adjust the water temperature before you sit down. I'll start the water and then you feel it and see if you want to adjust it."
I turned on the water and used my wrist to test the temperature until I thought the water right. Then I stepped back and asked Becky to test it with her wrist. When she said the water was fine I told her to sit down and move so her thighs were at the ridges in the seat, that way she was close enough and open enough to clean herself. Then I showed her what to move to get the water flow aimed into her pussy so she could clean herself. When Becky was done, she asked Mary if she wanted her to leave the water running. Mary looked at me and I started to turn and walk out of the bathroom when she said, "Dan, you can stay, it seems you do know what you're talking about and I find it very intriguing that a male would take enough interest in feminine hygiene to know how and what a bidet is used for."
I stopped turning and said to Mary, "I'll start the shower and if you have any questions, I'll be right here to help you."
Becky and I walked over to the shower and I adjusted the water before both of us stepped under the spray. I reached up for the soap and handed one bar to Becky and I kept one. I started washing her body and she caught on quickly and started washing mine. Soon we were joined by Mary and both Becky and I move out of the way so Mary could get wet. When she finished wringing out her hair I started washing her body from one side and Becky from the other side. I smiled at Becky before I said, "You get to wash Mary's lovely titties and I'm going south to wash her beautiful pussy."
When we were finished washing, Mary turned off the water and I pulled three towels out of the cabinet, handing one to each of the girls. I said, "Our other tradition is we don't dry ourselves, we dry the person next to us. I started drying Mary's body, she started drying Becky's and Becky dried mine. Both girls kept their towels and went over to the sink to dry their hair. I told both girls they were welcome to use the blow dryer if they didn't want to go to bed with wet hair.
When they were finished, we walked back into the bedroom and all of us sat down on the bed. Mary asked, "Now that I've had the family welcome mat thrown out for me, along with a hell of a welcoming committee to make sure I felt right at home, what should I expect after all that? I looked at Mary for a few seconds, then grinned like the cat who ate the canary before saying, "Why don't you get some rest and when you wake up in the morning don't bother getting dressed, just come down for coffee and we'll fill you in the plans for tomorrow. And if you want, give my wife a big passionate kiss when you see her, because without her and our chosen lifestyle, the welcome you received would have been far less dramatic, if not bordering on very dull."
Mary thanked me for my advice and then said she was going to take me up on my advice and get some sleep. I leaned over and kissed Mary and Becky firmly on the lips and tweaked their nipples as I slid off the bed and told them good night on my way out of the room.
I went down to Jenna's room and found both Lisa and Jenna asleep. I went over and pulled the sheet up over their nude bodies and then clicked off the lights on my way out of the room. On my way back past Mary's room I looked in and said, "Jenna and Lisa are asleep so I turned off their light."
Mary called out, "Thanks Dan, I think Becky is going to stay here with me anyway."
When I got to my room I picked up the sheet enough to slide into bed and move in close to Terri. I cuddled up to her from behind and the next thing I knew Terri was moving then she whispered to me, "I've gotta pee. Please let me out your side."
I moved and Terri slid over my body and I said, "Come back, today is Saturday so you don't have to get up so early."
Terri hesitated over the top of me long enough to kiss me then moved past me and off the bed. A few minutes later she lifted the sheet and I turned towards her and pulled her into a hug. We kissed again and then I drifted back off to sleep. When I woke up again Terri was gone. I rolled on my back and looked towards Kim's side of the bed and saw she was still in bed. I looked at the clock and saw it was almost seven o'clock. Mother Nature let me know I'd better get out of bed soon or there would be a puddle to clean up. I slipped out of bed and walked in the bathroom and was just squeezing the last couple of drops out of the end of my cock when Kim walked up behind me and put her arms around me saying, "Dan, you wonderful man, I love you so much!"
I finished shaking my cock then turned to Kim and pulled her into a hug saying, "Kim, my lovely hot wife, I love you more than you will ever know."
We kissed and then Kim giggled saying, "Move quickly, I've got to pee."
Kim no sooner sat on the seat and the familiar hissing sound started and lasted long enough for me to turn around after a few seconds and asking Kim, "What the hell is going on, do you have a hidden water hose in that thing this morning?"
Kim looked at me saying, "I told you to move I had to pee."
Kim said, "Start the shower and I'll be right there, I want to use the bidet first. So how did you make out with Mary? Did you treat her right last night?"
I was adjusting the water when I half turned and watched Kim on the bidet before saying, "She is a lovely young lady and she's going to be with us for at least a few nights. She mentioned there is another female officer named Shelly White who is going to be here for the day shift. They are working twelve hour shifts, so Shelly should be here around eight this morning."
"As far as Mary goes, yes, I took plenty of time to make sure she was very happy. She was a little embarrassed being spread out when all of you came into the room last night, but I told her before I came to bed that she should give you a hug and a passionate kiss this morning when she sees you, because you are the one who helps make all this possible." I finished saying.
Kim came over to the shower and got wet and I started washing her body taking extra time massaging her lovely tits and tweaking her nipples until they stood out straight. She finished washing her own hair and turned to rinse out the conditioner so I took advantage and sunk to my knees and washed Kim's lovely pussy while she was leaning back with her legs parted. Once the soap stopped running down her body I leaned forward and captured Kim's clit and sucked it into my mouth and then licked the end of it with my tongue. Kim held my head in place and soon was moaning and moving her hip in rhythm with my tongue. Soon Kim was becoming very vocal and she pulled my face into her crotch. It didn't take much longer and Kim started to shake and I felt her legs part further as they began to wiggle. Kim reached the peak of her orgasm and I thought I was going to drown or suffocate because Kim had such a tight grip on my head. After a few attempts to pull my head back Kim finally released me and I took a deep breath to prevent me from passing out at her feet.
We finished our shower and dried each other's body then Kim went over and used the blow dryer to dry her hair and style it a little bit. She took time to apply only minimal make up, then came into the bedroom and asked me if I was ready to get some coffee. Kim looked down at my cock and saw that I was at about half mast so she giggled and asked, "Do you want me to take care of that now or do you want to make a good impression on all that young pussy hanging out in our house?"
I looked down at my cock then at Kim saying, "There's going to be a new female officer here soon, don't you think I should give her a proper welcome and be ready to stand up straight in honor of her?"
Kim laughed at me and said, "Dan, you are an incorrigible man. I don't mind you showing those other females you're still the man of the house."
Hand in hand Kim and I started down the hallway when we heard, "Good morning."
Turning to the left we saw Mary and Becky standing near the end of their bed with towels in their hands. Mary smiled and said, "We just finished our shower and we've adopted the Morrison family tradition of washing and drying each other."
Suddenly Mary remembered what I said to her last night and came walking over to Kim and asked, "May I kiss you as my way of saying thanks for allowing me to borrow your husband last night?"
Kim turned and opened her arms to Mary and said, "There's never any need to ask for a hug around here, just do it. We've become more of a hugging and kissing family ever since Terri came here."
Mary lightly kissed Kim on the lips before Kim pulled Mary close to her and embraced her in a very passionate kiss. I watched as Mary slowly melted into Kim's arms and became more active as they continued to kiss. When Kim and Mary finally broke their kiss Mary leaned back but maintained their contact at the hips saying, "Wow, I don't have much experience with females, actually none before last night, but I think I'm going to enjoy exploring all the possibilities from now on as long as I can do it with a discrete partner."
Kim said, "Mary, as I understand it, you are going to be here with us for the next few nights. I want you to take advantage of that time and explore all you want, because people who come here sign a confidentiality statement for us so they don't leave here and talk about what happens here."
Mary said, "I know about the statement and I signed one for Dan last night."
Kim smiled and said, "Mary you are welcome to stay for our party today if you want to and don't have other plans. I know your boss, Ted, will be here later, but both he and his wife have signed a statement for us too, so other than Ted seeing you naked, he can't go back to the office and say anything."
Mary replied, "Ted has always been a gentleman to all the female officers, so I'm not worried about him seeing me naked. However, I would like to leave and go home to get a clean uniform and some sexy panties in case I'm asked to model them with my pistol belt on." Mary finished talking then winked at Dan.
Kim turned to Dan and with a broad grin on her face she said, "You sly dog you. I didn't know you have a panty fetish."
Mary immediately said with a giggle, "It wasn't Dan at first. I was being bashful about taking all my clothes off at once, so I kept my panties on and when we went back downstairs I wanted to take my radio so I strapped on my pistol belt while only wearing my white satin panties. Dan thought I looked hot in them, but now I am going to select a couple pair of my more sexy panties and model my pistol belt for him."
Kim laughed and said, "Come on, it's coffee time. Terri will have the hot coffee ready for us."
All four of us walked down the hall. When we passed Jenna's room we stopped and looked in seeing both Jenna and Lisa lying on top of their sheets spooning together, soundly sleeping. I said, "Jenna can sleep through bombs going off."
We laughed and continued down the hall. When we reached the top step the wonderful aroma of coffee filled the air. As we finished walking into the kitchen, Terri stood up and folded the newspaper saying, "Sit down, four cups of coffee coming up."
Kim went to the towel cabinet and pulled out four towels, handing one to each of us. Kim turned to Mary and said, "We cover the seats for hygiene purposes, also we don't leave any stains on them. There are cabinets and cupboards full of towels all over the house and out on the deck."
Mary said, "I understand completely and if you show me where they are I'll make sure I use one all the time."
Mary turned to Terri and thanked her when she set the coffee in front of her. Then Mary said, "I'm very sorry to hear that you are one of the young ladies Harold, Bill, and Pete went after. You are a very beautiful young lady and you certainly don't deserve to be treated like that. Actually, let me re-phrase that by saying no female should ever be subjected to that kind of treatment."
Terri looked at Mary and said, "As I've said many times, I was the lucky one who was only humiliated in so many different ways and made to do some sexual things. Those guys humiliated Hanna, made her do many sexual things before Harold abused and beat her body."
Suddenly Mary's radio crackled and Mary picked it up and answered the call. Mary told her relief to bring out a second car so the marked car will remain on the property all the time. Then Mary told her relief to pull up the driveway and park on the end of the garage, because the marked car was in front of the garage, and then come to the front door for more instructions. The radio crackled again saying, "10-4, I'm about ten minutes away."
Suddenly Mary looked at us saying, "I should probably get dressed before Shelly arrives here."
Terri said, "I usually answer the door, so if you want to stay the way you are, I will get the door and invite her in. What you say to her after she is in the house is up to you."
Mary looked around at all the naked people and said, "Shelly is usually an easy going person, but I'm not sure how she will take walking in here and seeing me nude with all of you. But, I guess there is only one way to find out. I'm going to stay naked and sit here with all of you."
A few minutes later the doorbell sounded. Everyone sat where they were and looked at each other. After a few quiet seconds and the second ringing of the doorbell Terri stood up and asked Mary, "Are you ready?"
Mary said, "Ready or not, go let Shelly in."
Terri walked to the door and by the time she reached for the door handle the doorbell sounded for a third time. Without further hesitation Terri pulled the door open and said, "Officer White, would you like to step in?"
Officer Shelly White stood on the porch and looked blankly at Terri's nude body before she asked, "Is Officer Davis here?"
Again, Terri used the sweeping motion of her hand and said, "Yes, she is out in the kitchen. Please come in and I'll take you to the kitchen."
Cautiously, Officer White stepped into the house and Terri closed the door and turned and said, "My name in Terri and I am the Morrison's housekeeper. Please follow me to the kitchen."
Officer White asked Terri, "Why are you naked and why did you answer the door naked?"
A few steps later, Officer White came to a complete stop as she surveyed the scene before her eyes. Her friend and colleague, Officer Mary Davis, sat naked as a jay bird next to a man and woman, sipping coffee and acting as if nothing was wrong. Mary watched Shelly and after giving her a few seconds to view the scene before her, she said, "Shelly your mouth is wide open and your eyeballs look like they are about to fall out of your head. Let me introduce you to Kim and Dan Morrison and Becky Harris and you've already met Terri Powell."
Shelly remained silent and searching with her eyes for anything that would give her a clue as to the reason all five people were completely naked and no one was attempting to cover themselves. When she was finally able to talk, Shelly asked, "Am I on camera or something? Like being on Candid Camera, the old TV show? When is Allan Ludden going to pop out and say "SMILE" you're on Candid Camera?"
All of us laughed while Shelly was still looking around waiting for something to happen or the camera to pop out of nowhere. Finally, Mary said, "Pull up a seat Shelly and I'll do my best to explain what's going on, what I don't know I'll let Dan or Kim tell you."
Moving cautiously again, Shelly selected a seat and sat down on the other side of me, and then Terri asked, "Officer White, would you like a cup of coffee?"
Looking around at each person Shelly finally said, "Yes, I'll have a cup of coffee as long as it's not going to blow my clothes off like it seems to have done to all of you."
Everyone broke out laughing again and when we quieted down, Mary said, "Shelly, I guess I should explain what's going on."
Shelly sat at the counter fixing her coffee and said, "Start at the beginning so I don't miss the part of why you are on duty but out of uniform. You know, if Sergeant Johnson saw you right now, he'd go ballistic."
Mary said, "Dan, do you have another one of those statements because I can see this is going to get more complicated than I thought it would."
Terri stood up and said, "I'll get the statement, be right back."
Everyone sipped their coffee while Terri was out of the room. When she returned, she handed a copy of the statement to Shelly and one to Dan. Shelly read the statement and then looked up asking, "So what does this mean? It doesn't explain why all of you are naked."
Mary looked at Shelly and said, "Shelly, we've been friends for a long time and I would never get you into anything that might put you in jeopardy, right?"
Shelly looked at the paper in front of her then back at Mary before asking, "What do you want me to do, sign this?"
Mary said, "Yes Shelly, I signed one last night and there is nothing in there what will jeopardize you or your job. You have to trust me as an old friend who wouldn't steer you wrong."
Shelly re-read the statement and just as she picked up the pen to sign the statement, the doorbell rang and Terri jumped up to go answer the door. A couple minutes later Terri walked back into the kitchen and said to the new arrivals, "Get towels and I'll have your coffee ready in a second."
Kim stood up and moved her chair a little to the side and asked Mary to move closer to her so she could fit a couple more chairs into the empty space. As the two chairs were being moved into place next to Mary, Kim said, "Let me introduce you to two members of our house cleaning staff. This young lady over here is Ashley and this young lady over here is Debbie."
Both spread a towel out in their chair and then sat down and fixed their coffee. Sitting spellbound for a few seconds longer as she looked at the two new comers who were also completely naked, Shelly finally asked, "Is there something in the water at this house that disintegrates clothes?"
Mary said, "Shelly, now that you've signed the form and Dan has signed a form for you, I will start telling you a little about what I know, then Dan, Kim or Terri can fill you in on the rest."
Mary said, "Shelly, it's kind of simple really. The members of the Morrison family are nudists and, as I understand it, they are all nude when they're at home. Also, the Morrisons have hired a complete nudist staff to work here and that's why Ashley and Debbie are nude when they come here to go to work. Now, when I arrived last night, I was met at the door by a very naked man and at first I was leery about coming into the house, but I found out Dan was still talking to Sergeant Johnson on the phone and that laughing hyena already knew the Morrisons were nudists and didn't tell me until I was looking at the stiff cock of Mr. Morrison here. Mr. Morrison is a gentleman and offered to go put on a robe, but I told him he didn't have anything more to hide so instead of him having a case of false modesty, he stayed nude. We talked over coffee and then he offered me a bedroom upstairs, instead of sleeping in my car. Oh God Shelly, you should see that room I stayed in last night. It is every girl's dream room."
Shelly was smiling, but wasn't convinced that Mary should be naked so she asked, "Ok, so Sergeant Johnson pulled a fast one on you last night, but that still doesn't explain why you are naked now."
"Well, let me help clear that part up. Mary touched on it only a little bit, but I want to make sure you understand what our confidentiality statement means. We asked you to sign that statement because you are here and you will see and hear things, all of which I will assure you are not illegal. We asked you to sign that because what you hear, see, or do here, stays here. It's sort of like going to Las Vegas. We are nudists and it is true we hired only the staff that are interested in nudism or are nudists already. Therefore, all of us are nude here. Later today we will be hosting a party made up of all our staff. Ted and Marion Johnson are invited to our party because they are working for us installing our security system." I finished saying then I sat quietly letting what I said, sink in.
Suddenly Shelly screamed and made all of us jump. In a very excited voice Shelly virtually screamed, "Are you fucking kidding me? Do you mean that Ted and Marion are coming here for the party today and both of them will be nude too?"
Mary sat still and said, "Check and mate!"
"HOLY SHIT, are you seriously saying that I'll see Mr. Hard Ass, completely bare assed today?" Shelly asked with a wide eyed expression on her face.
Mary smiled at Shelly and said, "You've got it sister. But, you have to remember whatever you hear, see, or do here; stays here and you can't even go back to the office and hint about this."
"Oh, I would never do that, but what about you being naked." Shelly asked.
"I am going to leave for a little while and then I'm coming back because Dan has invited me to participate in the party. Since I am doing the night shift, Dan gave me a bedroom upstairs to use while I'm doing my shifts. If you want to see it come on, I'll show it to you." Mary said excitedly.
Shelly stood up and said, "Let's go I have to see this."
Both girls got up and left the room and Kim turned and smiled at me saying, "This should be interesting when Ted and Marion get here."
Ashley said, "I don't want to get nosy, but is there something wrong? Why are the police here?"
I turned and said, "I'm sure you've read the newspaper about the three local men who were arrested for abusing young women. The police are here to guard one of those young women who those men abused."
Ashley exclaimed, "OH SHIT! I didn't know. May I ask who was abused?"
Terri said in a very soft voice, "It was me. I'm the lucky one who didn't get beat. When I disappeared and they couldn't find me, they started in with Hanna and then they beat her. The police officers are here to protect me until they can get those guys back in jail. They got out last night on bond and the police are making sure none of us are harmed. We are going to testify in court and hopefully they will go to prison for a long time."
Both Ashley and Debbie sat wide eyed and gasped when Terri admitted she was one of the abused females. After Terri finished speaking Ashley was the first to say, "I am so sorry to hear about this but I am certainly glad that you have police protection to make sure you're safe."
Debbie said, "I'm glad you're safe too. I heard the other girl is still in the hospital."
Ashley said, "Is that why the police were here yesterday and we had to get dressed while they were here?"
Kim said, "Yes, the police officer came here yesterday to take Terri's statement instead of her going to the police station."
Terri said, "I don't want to change the subject, but I need to know, are both of your crews going to be able to attend the party later today?"
Ashley said, "My people will be here about 12:30 to 1:00 because we have three houses to do this morning not counting me being here. I am here to help you do whatever needs to be done to get cleaned up and get ready for the party."
Debbie said, "Same here, my father, Joe and my cousin Abby have four houses to do this morning, but they started early so they can get done. They will call me when they finish up cleaning the last place. They might not get out here until around 1:00 or 1:30. Would it be ok if they brought Abby with them?"
Terri said, "Yes, of course it will be ok since she is working with them today."
Ashley said, "Well Deb, are you ready to get busy?"
Debbie said, "Ok let's go. Is there any special order you want us to clean today?"
Terri thought about it for a moment then said, "If you want to start with the deck and the shower areas, then you won't be trying to clean out there when everyone is here. I know there were a lot of towels used yesterday, so you might want to get all of those and get them in the laundry so they will be ready for the crowds later today. I am going to have the pool people come out to clean both the pool and hot tub, so they will be here in a little while."
After Ashley and Debbie left the room and headed outside to clean the deck, Becky sat in her seat and said, "Terri, I'm sorry to hear that you were one of the girls abused and I agree with Ashley, at least you have police protection to keep you safe."
Terri said, "Thanks, Becky. I hope the three guys will get extended prison time for what they've done, especially to Hanna. She got the worse of it."
Terri looked up the number for the pool service on the rolodex then picked up the phone and called them. When they answered Terri informed them who she was and what she wanted and asked how soon before they could come out. Listening for a few seconds she said, "Then you will have to consider this an emergency because I can't wait until four or five o'clock this afternoon to get the pool, the hot tub and their filters cleaned along with adding whatever chemicals are added. I will need them as soon as possible because we are having an event at noon time, so they have to be here and finished by eleven this morning. Ok, thank you very much, I will be looking for them in a half an hour." Terri hung up the phone and smiled at Kim and me.
I looked at Terri and said, "Are you sure you don't want to go to work for me at the office? I need a take charge kind of girl and I can put you in your private office."
Kim spoke up saying, "Oh no buddy, if Terri is going to go to work with anyone it will be me at my office. I can give her a private office of her own and I can pay her more than you can."
Terri spoke up saying, "Wait, please, I have a private office now, right here. I can wheel and deal and get what I need done and I don't have to leave my office unless I want to. The best part about my office here is I don't have to get dressed."
I looked at Kim and said, "She's got both of us with that one. I have to say Terri has done a fantastic job since she's been here so I guess I'll have to put an ad in the newspaper and hope Terri has an unknown twin out there somewhere."
Terri smirked and said, "Sorry Dan, there's just lil ole me, no twin and no clone."
Kim beamed and said, "Oh well Dan, at least we have the original and that's all that really counts."
Terri stood up and said, "Is anyone hungry? I am. How about pancakes this morning because they are fast and easy."
Kim said, "I'm for pancakes and bacon and I'll even get the electric griddle out so we can cook a lot of pancakes at a time."
Becky jumped up and said, "I'll help with something."
Terri said, "Becky, the bacon is in the freezer, the eggs and milk are in the refrigerator, so if you would like to get that out, I'll get the pancake mix and a bowl."
Within a few minutes the wonderful smell of bacon filled the kitchen and shortly after that Kim turned to me and asked me to go call Mary and Shelly and tell them breakfast will be ready in a few minutes. Normally I would go to the bottom of the stairs and call up to the person or persons, but since Jenna and Lisa were still sleeping, I decided to walk up and tell Mary and Shelly that breakfast would be ready in a few minutes.
I walked up the steps and down the hall. When I passed Jenna's room I saw both girls were still in the same position they were as they were a little while ago. Walking further down the hall I arrived at Mary's room and I knocked on the side of the door casing to announce my arrival. Before I could say a word I saw Mary laying on the bottom of her bed with her ass hanging over the edge and Shelly was on her knees with her face buried in Mary's crotch. They heard me knock and immediately Shelly jumped to her feet and started straightening her hair. Her face was wet and flushed as she stuttered while trying to say, "Ummm Dan, I was just ummm, you know ..... I uh....."
I held up my hand to get her to stop speaking before quietly saying, "Shelly there is no reason to explain anything in this house we don't judge anyone. Whatever you and Mary were doing is simply your business and will stay that way as far as I'm concerned. There is no need to say anything to anyone else unless you want to." I finished talking with a gentle smile on my face.
Shelly looked at Mary saying, "You weren't joking, things really are different around here."
Mary stood up and hugged Shelly saying, "Dan loves a police woman in her panties and pistol belt, don't you Dan?"
I smiled and said, "Last night was my first time and I hope it won't be the last time."
"Anyway, I came up here to tell you that breakfast will be ready in a few minutes. We are having pancakes this morning. So come down when you are ready." I told both Mary and Shelly.
Mary and Shelly both said, "Thank you, Dan."
I turned and walked back down the hallway and suddenly I wondered what Shelly looked like without her uniform on. I met Debbie coming up the stairs and she smiled at me as we passed.
Kim had decided to use the table for breakfast because there was going to be six of us and we would have more elbow room while eating. Becky was just finishing up pouring orange juice for everyone when I walked back into the room. I went back to the kitchen and told Kim that Mary and Shelly would be down in a few minutes. Kim and Terri were setting the food on the table when I saw Mary enter the dining room. Mary looked at me and smiled saying, "I tried to convince Shelly it was ok for her to be completely nude, but she is shy like I was last night. Dan, she wants to know if you will go up to my room and walk down with her."
I looked at Kim as she winked and nodded at me so I walked back upstairs and down the hall. Again I knocked on the door frame to announce my presence and I heard Shelly say in a quiet voice, "Come in, Dan."
I stepped into the room and I stopped in my tracks. Standing before me was a very beautiful Shelly with her lips formed into a huge smile and her sparkling white teeth enhanced her smile as she stood at the end of the bed almost where I left her when I left a room less than fifteen minutes ago. Looking at Shelly this time however, there was one big drastic difference. Shelly stood with her arms at her sides looking straight at me and this time she was almost completely naked. Staring at me while I began to drink in her beauty Shelly quietly asked, "Dan, do I look good enough to be walking around your home like this?"
I walked towards Shelly as I maintained eye contact with her, even though I really wanted to check out her body. I stopped about two feet in front of her before I said, "You are a very beautiful young lady and you should never doubt or question your looks. As I told you before, at this house we don't judge anyone. You are accepted for who you are and your personality. I see you took Mary's advice and kept your panties on, but in case you didn't know it, they don't hide anything."
Shelly smiled and said, "I normally don't wear panties, and I only own very small and brief panties like the ones I have on for when I do."
I smiled at Shelly and said again, "You are absolutely stunning. You have great blonde hair and your blue eyes are sparkling at this moment. If you don't mind, I'd love to check out the rest of you."
Shelly said, "That's why I wanted you to come up here. I wanted you to see me before anyone else did so I could get your opinion."
I smiled and broke my eye contact with Shelly and I looked down at her lovely "C" cup titties with their light brown areola and quarter inch nipples. Her stomach was flat with a trim waist with slightly flared hips. Shelly was wearing a pair of pink hipster micro thongs with a small triangle of stretch Lycra which is so snug and sheer it leaves nothing to the imagination with the waist straps hooked up on her hip bones. I could see Shelly was completely bald and what a beautiful sight it was. Her very well toned thighs reminded me of Mary's thighs. Shelly's calves were tight and nicely shaped.
I looked back up into Shelly's face when I finished looking at her body and saw she was staring downward when I realized she was staring at my stiff cock which rose to the occasion. I smiled at Shelly saying, "It has a mind of its own and stands at attention every time I see a beautiful woman."
Shelly smiled at me asking, "So that's your barometer for beautiful women?"
I responded with, "Unless he has been used and abused over a period of time, yes, I guess you can say that."
Both of us laughed and Shelly walked the last couple of feet to me and threw her arms around my neck, saying, "I think I'm going to love pulling my duty time here."
Keeping my cock trapped between our stomachs I leaned back and looked into Shelly's eyes and said, "While you are here, you are welcome to do anything you want to do. As long as you meet all the requirements of your job, you can do it dressed or naked, it's your choice."
"Dan, will Ted and Marion really be naked when they come here today?" Shelly asked with a concerned look on her face.
I smiled saying, "Ted is a friend of mine and if you want to wear your panties or be naked when he arrives, I will assure you that you will never hear anything about it at the office. Yes, both Ted and Marion will be completely naked today when they are here for the party."
Shelly shyly asked, "Dan do you mind if I keep my panties on for awhile. They don't hide anything as you pointed out but they are the last vestige of my femininity."
"Yes, you may wear them if you truly want to, but you will be going down stairs soon and all of the females will be nude just like I am nude now. They do look lovely on you but as you told me before, you normally don't wear panties so why start now?"
Shelly looked at me and broke out laughing and said, "I guess without my pistol belt on, there's no sense of keeping my panties on either."
I reached out and hooked my thumbs into the waist straps while looking into Shelly's eyes. I didn't see her change her expression so I slowly pushed downward waiting for Shelly to tell me to stop. Seeing her expression stay the same, I sunk to my knees and pulled downward revealing her delicious looking slit. The center piece of Shelly's panties stuck momentarily between her legs before it let loose and I was able to pull them down until they were loose enough to drop. I held onto them with one hand and pulled them to the side once Shelly stepped out of them. While looking up at Shelly from my kneeling position, I brought her panties to my nose and deeply inhaled Shelly's wonderful feminine scent. Shelly smiled at me saying, "Mary told me you smelled her panties when you took hers off."
I said, "I can't help myself. I see lovely ladies like you and Mary and I feel the need to enjoy their scent. Don't get me wrong, I don't go around gathering women's panties to sniff, but here in my own home, I don't feel there is anything perverted about enjoying myself. If you don't mind, I'd love to take a quick taste because they are expecting us downstairs soon."
Shelly parted her feet as she smiled and looked down and me saying, "Mary told me you have a magic tongue, but we have to hurry, breakfast is waiting."
Hearing that I leaned forward so my face was less than a quarter of an inch from Shelly's slightly open, bald pussy and I inhaled the wonderful aroma of her female scent. It was such a heavenly scent I lost myself in the moment and reached up and grasped her hips and pulled her body to my face and licked feverishly at the pussy presented to me. I heard my name being called but I didn't want to stop until I felt a tap on my shoulder and then I took one final lick before looking up to see Shelly's head thrown back and then I felt the tap on my shoulder again. I turned my head to see Mary standing there smiling as she said, "Breakfast is ready and on the table, Kim says you two need to stop what you are doing for at least a few minutes and get some food to eat."
I stood up and pulled Shelly to me and said, "I guess we will have to finish this later if you want to, but right now, let's go eat some food."
Shelly hugged me close and said, "I would love to continue this later as long as no one gets upset if we do."
"I can tell you from experience that no one here will care nor will they judge you for what happens as long as both parties consent." Mary said with a big smile on her face.
All three of us turned and walked towards the door and then started down the hall. Shelly stopped and ran back to the bedroom and picked up her radio and then came back out and caught up with Mary and me. When we were about to walk into the dining room Shelly hesitated and Mary turned to her saying, "Come on, it's ok, you look marvelous naked."
All of us walked into the dining room and I took my place at the head of the table while Mary and Shelly sat down in the empty seats. Shelly looked around the table nervously and seemed like she was waiting for someone to say something to her. I broke the silence when I said; to no one in particular, "You should see the panties that Shelly was wearing. They looked great on her."
Immediately Kim asked, "What kind of panties are they, Shelly?"
Shelly turned a little bit red and looked around the table and said, "They're hipster micro thongs. They are made out of a sheer stretch Lycra and today I had on my pink pair. I don't know what made me put them on because I normally don't wear panties."
"That's a wonderful piece of information I didn't know about you before. Thanks for telling me." Mary said with a huge smile on her face.
Becky said, "Your panties sound exciting, where can I get some like them."
Shelly replied, "I order mine off the internet from a company named ChelseyMinx. Just go to their web page, then type in micro thongs. I'll warn you in advance most of their products are high end items costing between nine and fifteen dollars."
Becky said, "Panties that fit me and do it snuggly is what's important."
Shelly said, "I love the way their panties fit and yes they are snug when I wear them."
Kim said, "I'll have to go online and check them out for the three of us here. Maybe Jenna, Terri and I will get some."
Speaking about panties seemed to have broken the ice for Shelly because she started asking questions about our nudism. She also asked who the two naked females were sleeping together in the room we passed and why was the door open where anyone walking down the hall could look into the room and see them.
Kim was fast to say, "Shelly, around here we don't have any secrets or anything to hide, so you'll probably not find too many doors closed around here even when sexual activities are going on in a room."
Mary smiled and said, "I warned Dan last night that we should close the door because I was rather loud when I had an orgasm, but he told me to leave it open because we had nothing to hide. I was in shock for a few seconds when I looked up and saw all of you in the bedroom while Dan was still between my legs. Then when all of you left without saying anything, I thought to myself, WOW, I never would have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes."
Kim said, "If I wasn't so tired, I might have jumped into bed with you and made sure you were totally worn out before I let you go to sleep."
Terri said, "I second Kim's motion. Between the three of us we could have attacked your body and left ya like a wet wash rag."
Mary looked between Kim and Terri and didn't say a word. However Terri said, "Mom and I are bi-sexual so don't worry, you're not safe yet."
Kim broke out laughing and said, "Terri, are you threatening an officer of the law?"
Terri leaned forward with her elbows on the table and looked directly at Mary and Shelly saying, "You bet I am, and I think I can carry through on my threat if they are willing."
Mary smiled saying, "Terri, I'd love to explore with you maybe later today. I decided to take Dan's offer and be here for the party. I'm going to run home and get a couple of things and then come back. I'll do that this morning so I can be back here before Ted and Marion show up. That way Sergeant Johnson can see both of his policewomen naked at the same time."
Shelly said, "I love that idea. I really didn't want to face him alone, but I wasn't going to say anything."
Terri smiled and said, "Neither of you have anything to worry about Ted will love to see both of you naked, I'm sure. Besides, Ted has a nice cock and he gets a hard on just like any other man."
Kim said, "Mary, Shelly, please feel free to do anything you want today as long as the other person is a willing and consenting partner. We don't host orgies at our home, but we won't condemn or question anyone who decided to enjoy themselves sexually in front of others. As nudists, we enjoy being free of textiles and society's tight standards, but at the same time we understand there is a certain amount of sexual tension when there is a mix of sexes all naked in the same place at the same time. Therefore, Dan and I are firm believers that no one should judge another person unless there's just cause. So, I want both of you to know you are part of our group and I want you to have fun today."
"I've never been exposed to this kind of openness so do you mind if I ask some questions while no one is here but us?" Shelly asked.
Kim looked at Shelly and said, "Please ask anyone of us anything."
"Kim, you mentioned that there may be some who will have sex in front of us today and that both parties must be agreeable to having sex, but does that mean someone may have sex with someone other than their partner? Shelly questioned.
Kim tried to sum it up by saying, "It's really all about two or more people agreeing to engage in some kind of sexually activity and there is really no limit on who could possibly be involved with whom."
Everyone finished breakfast and all of us pitched in and cleaned up so everything was done quickly. Once we were done Mary said, "I think I will get dressed and go get my stuff done so I can be back here before Ted and Marion get here."
Shelly and Mary walked upstairs together. Terri looked at Kim and asked, "What do you want for this afternoon and are you going to order enough food so we can have it to snack on into early evening?"
"We should have some salads made and we can order some additional hamburger patties and some hot dogs along with enough rolls for each and we can grill them on the deck. We will need some more beer, soda and water and some ice for the ice chests. Let's put together a list and I will see what I can do about ordering the food and drinks and get them delivered." Terri said.
About a half an hour later Kim, Terri and I had a list of enough food and drink and now Terri took on the responsibility of making an order or orders and have everything delivered. Terri said to us, "I'm going to use the phone in the den to make my calls; I'll be back out here in a little while."
When Terri re-immerged from the den about forty five minutes later she had a smile on her face when she stopped by the living room where Kim and I sat reading our book saying, "Everything is ordered and will be delivered here around eleven thirty. The store I'm getting the salads from gave me a good deal on an additional ice chest so they could pack the salads in that since we are limited in refrigerator space."
Both of them were looking at Terri and Kim said, "Very good honey. You should rest before everyone gets here. We'll be busy once everyone starts to arrive."
"Does anyone know if the pool guys have arrived yet?" Terri asked.
Kim looked up from the book she was reading and said, "I don't think anyone has been out there to check lately."
Terri smiled and said, "No problem, I will go out and check to see."
As Terri was walking thru the kitchen she passed Becky and Shelly sitting at the breakfast counter talking. Terri said hi to them and kept on walking. She slid the glass doors open and stepped out into the warm morning sunlight. Terri saw a head above the edge of the pool and went over to say hi to the person cleaning the pool. When she got to the edge she saw a young man about mid to late twenties standing about chest deep in the water vacuuming the pool. Terri said, "Good morning" and the young man turned his head and stared up at the very naked Terri standing on the deck. His mouth dropped open and he said, "I'm sorry, I'm cleaning the pool right now so I will have to ask you to wait for awhile before you go skinny dipping."
Terri smiled at the young man and said, "My name is Terri and I'm the housekeeper for the Morrison's. I was the one who called your company this morning to have someone come out to clean the pool and hot tub. What's your name?"
The young man said, "My name is Bill, ..... um ..... Bill Smith."
Terri continued to say, "I wasn't going to go skinny dipping, I came out here to see if someone was here. I know you are new because you aren't the same guy who was here last. So I'll tell you we have a rule for both our pool and hot tub. That rule is we don't allow any clothes in either one and you are wearing shorts and a tee shirt in our pool."
The Bill stuttered and said, "But I can't be naked while I'm working."
Terri smiled and said, "Maybe not at your other jobs but when you do our pool and hot tub and you decide to get into the water to clean then we would appreciate it if you followed our only rule for the pool and hot tub."
Bill stood in the pool saying, "But...... but.... my boss didn't say anything about me taking off my clothes to clean the pool or hot tub."
Terri smiled and said, "Well if you clean the pool while standing on the deck then I guess there won't be any need for you to take anything off. Will there?"
Bill smiled up at Terri saying, "But I can't get the deep end that good if I'm on the deck."
Terri smiled back at Bill and said, "We do want the pool cleaned because we are having a party here starting at noon and we may have to have someone come back tomorrow and clean the pool again. If you are the one on call this weekend, you would get to come back tomorrow and see me all over again."
Bill stared at Terri and before asking, "Are you serious, will you need someone to come out here again tomorrow morning to clean the pool and hot tub?"
Terri smiled and said, "When you go back today, tell your boss that I want the pool and hot tub cleaned tomorrow morning. If you volunteer to be the one sent out here to clean, then I'll see you tomorrow. But for right now, you will need to vacuum from the deck."
Bill started to move towards the steps then stopped and looked at Terri asking, "You're not just trying to get me out of my clothes are you? Are you serious that you have a no clothes rule for your pool and hot tub?"
Terri smiled while asking, "Am I wearing any clothes? Do I look like I trying to cover myself?"
Bill pulled off his tee shirt and squeezed the water out of it before he spread it out on the deck. Then he slipped his shorts off and was in the process of wringing them out as Terri looked at the large lump in his tidy-whities which were almost transparent. Once he laid his shorts out in the sun to dry he looked up at Terri one final time. Since Terri didn't make any move to stop him he pushed the waist band of his underwear down until his hard cock popped out and stood straight up from his groin as a salute to Terri's naked body. Terri eyes were wide as she looked at his cock because she had never seen a cock so big as the one this young man had standing up in front of him. Not paying any attention to Terri he wrung the water out of his tidy-whities then placed them flat on the deck so they could dry. Like every guy, he unknowingly reached down and gave his cock a couple of strokes before he went back and picked up the vacuum hose and started vacuuming the pool again.
Terri watched for a few minutes before she realized she had to share her good fortune. She walked into the house and walked to the den and asked Kim, "May I get you to come out here for a few minutes?"
Kim put her book down and followed Terri out to the kitchen where Becky and Shelly were sitting. Once all four of them were together, Terri said in a quiet voice, "Normally I wouldn't say anything, but I want to share with you. The young man cleaning the pool right now is hung like a small horse. He has the biggest cock I've ever seen and although I haven't seen that many, this thing is huge! If you go out there to look, please don't drool because he is cleaning the pool and we don't want to get it messed up before the party."
Kim smiled and asked, "Are you sure it wasn't the water magnifying the size. You know water has a way of doing that."
Terri smiled and said, "Mom, I know big when I see big and he's beyond big, he's huge! It's looked like the size of my arm in diameter."
The four women decided it was time to go out on the deck and sit in the chairs and wait for him to get out of the pool. Each of them grabbed a bottle of water and walked out on the deck and looked towards the pool and the young man was not visible so the girls arranged their chairs so each had a good view at the pool but not turned enough to look suspicious. Terri whispered, "Shouldn't we be wearing our sunglasses?"
Kim said, "No, that would be too obvious, let's just sit here and talk. Sooner or later he has to get out of the pool and we'll be treated to a show."
It seemed like another hour to the waiting females but in reality it was only about ten minutes after they sat down and started their wait before they saw the top of Bill's head. Soon they saw the top part of Bill walking towards the end of the pool where the steps were located. All four of them were holding their breath as he walked up the steps and when his hips appeared above the edge of the pool there was a collective "WOW" raising from the four women. Bill turned and saw the women and immediately tried to cover his soft cock. He was unsuccessful because even though he was soft his size was impressive. Seeing four very naked women made the blood fill his cock and it started to get hard. From her seated position Kim called over to Bill asking him a nonsense kind of question to break the ice, "Did you check the chemicals in the pool already?"
Bill turned enough to look at Kim over his shoulder before he replied, "No, I vacuum first, then I clean the filter and check the ph level."
Kim stood up and walked over towards him and asked him how dirty the pool was. Bill moved his hand away from his cock when he motioned there was a lot of sediment on the deep end of the pool. Then he told Kim there was a lot of long hair in the sediment. Terri stood up and walked over and stood beside Kim and said, "I told him we will likely need to have to pool and hot tub cleaned again tomorrow because we are having a party today."
Bill was looking between Kim and Terri's body so Kim waited until he looked up before saying, "We are nudists here, so don't worry about looking because all four of us are going to be looking too."
Kim's statement made him blush as he replied, "I thought all of you were just teasing me when I saw all four of you. I've read about nudism, but this is the first time I've ever done anything like this, especially with four women in the same proximity."
Bill looked down at his hard cock standing up on end again and apologized for getting hard. Kim was fast to say, "There are four nude women out here on the deck and we would take it as an insult if you didn't get hard. Don't worry about it, go ahead and get your cleaning done, we'll be over here at the table when you finish."
Kim asked, "Are you coming back here tomorrow?"
Bill smiled and said, "I don't know, but I can ask my boss."
Kim replied, "Well Bill, as another option for you, since we have all the cleaning stuff here, you can come here yourself to clean the pool and hot tub and I'll pay you myself. You won't have to ask your boss and take the chance he'll assign someone else. But that's only if you want to come back out here tomorrow. You can take your time to decide and let us know before you leave."
Terri asked, "Bill, how long have you been working for your company and how much experience do you have cleaning and servicing pools and hot tubs?"
Bill said, "I've been working with my company since I was in high school. I used to be a go-for but now I am one of the regular employees. I do everything from installation to service and maintenance for both pools and hot tubs. I don't do too much cleaning anymore, but once in awhile they have to send me out to clean, like this morning."
Terri was quick to say, "As another option for you to think about while you finish up here today, if you want to become one of my employees as the pool cleaner and maintenance guy, I will buy whatever you need to work with and we will pay you for coming out here and cleaning and servicing our pool and hot tub. You can even do this as a side job which will be a benefit for both of us. You could come here either before or after work to service our pool and hot tub."
Bill stood looking at Kim then at Terri before asking, "Are you serious?"
Terri giggled asking, "That's the third or fourth time you've asked me that same question. If I tell you something, I am saying it because I want it to happen. That means, yes, I'm very serious."
Bill smiled and said, "Ok, I'll think over your offer while I am working and will let you know. I have to ask, will I have to work naked when I'm here?"
Terri smiled and said, "The lady said we are nudist and we've only hired people who are nudists or people who are interested enough in nudism and will work nude. Does that answer your question?"
Bill smiled and asked, "So everyone here is nude all the time?
Terri smiled back and said, "Yes, under normal conditions, but once in a great while there might come a time when we have to wear something for a few hours. But I assure you, that won't be often."
Bill went back to work while Kim and Terri wandered back over to their chairs and sat down. They watched Bill as he pulled the hose out of the pool as his hard cock bobbed up and down in front of him. All four females watched in fascination because out of the water Bill definitely was hung similar to a small horse. Without measuring, the females agreed the girth of Bill's cock was the same as Terri's forearm. Becky finally said, "There is no way that thing would fit into me so I'm out of the running for sex with him."
The four girls giggled and Kim leaned towards the group and said in a quiet voice, "I'd certainly like to climb aboard that thing and take a ride."
Shelly was staring right at Bill's cock when she said, "There's no way I'd let him have control during sex, I'd have to get on top of that thing so I could control how deep or how fast that thing could go in and out of me. I've never seen anything that big, it has to be ten inches long."
Terri smiled saying, "I'm not sure I want to be stretched out big enough to accommodate that size, but it sure is fun to watch."
As the four women watched behind them came a voice saying, "Holy shit mom, why didn't you tell me there was a stud out here?"
Bill looked up and all four women seated at the table started laughing as Jenna and Lisa walked out on the deck. Once again Bill was wide eyed as she looked up and down the new comers. Jenna, being bashful like she is, walked straight across the deck to where Bill stopped and put out her hand saying, "Hey stud, my name is Jenna and you certainly look awful good from where I'm standing. How long is that weapon?"
Bill blushed and said, "Hi Jenna, I'm Bill..... um..... Bill Smith. I'm glad to meet you and to tell you the truth, I've never measured it."
Jenna watched as Bill's cock twitched all by itself without anyone touching it and then asked, "Do you mind if I put a ruler next to it and find out for myself?"
By now Bill was beet red and he began to stutter when he said, "I...... I guess...... if you want to."
Jenna asked over her shoulder, "Will someone get me a ruler? I don't want to leave this thing alone in case I'm having a wonderful dream. I don't want it to disappear before I get to measure it."
Terri quickly ran into the house and was back immediately with a ruler and she handed it to Jenna. Jenna reached out for Bill's cock and soon realized her hand could barely fit around it. Jenna pulled Bill's cock down from its standing up position and immediately noticed Bill's cock curved to the left. Jenna held the ruler under his cock and pulled it as straight as she could, then looked at the ruler and saw it measured nine and three quarter inches.
Jenna yelled out, "Can you fucking believe this? Bill's cock is nine and three quarters inches long and I can hardly fit my hand around it. And I didn't get the curve straightened out completely"
Jenna looked up into Bill's face which was still red with embarrassment and she said, "I would like to explore with this thing some time, I hope you come back again. I can't believe it; you've got the biggest cock I've ever seen."
"Mom, have you ever seen a cock this big before?" Jenna asked Kim.
Kim sat in her seat saying, "My God no, Jenna, cocks that size are hard to come by."
Kim smiled and said, "Jenna, come over here and let Bill finish what he's doing. The people will be here in a little while and we need everything done by that time."
While holding Bill's cock in her hand Jenna looked up into Bill's eyes and said, "I'm serious, I want to try this breathtaking weapon sometime it looks so electrifying." Before releasing Bill's cock she leaned down and kissed the head of it then smiled at Bill.
Jenna walked back over by Kim and selected a chair to sit in. Bill looked at the table and now he had six naked women watching his cock swing as he worked. He kept glancing at them and the women didn't hide the fact they were watching him. When he hooked up the vacuum on the hot tub Bill didn't want to stir up the sediment so he kneeled on the deck and slowly put the hose in the water and sucked up all the stuff in the bottom. He was done vacuuming the hot tub within a few minutes and started to work on draining and putting all the vacuum hoses and nozzle away in the pool shed. Bill was out of sight of all the females as he cleaned and back flushed the filter on the pool and hot tub. When he came back up on the deck Bill took a water sample in both the pool and hot tub and found out the automatic chlorine pump was keeping the ph of the water perfectly in both places. Bill was putting the test kit in the shed when Kim called over to him and asked, "Would you like a cold bottle of water?"
Bill smiled and said, "Sure, I'd love a bottle of water."
Jenna jumped up and moved an empty chair next to her before saying, "Bill, on your way by the towel cabinet over there, grab a towel to sit on, I have the chair for you." Then Jenna ran into the house and grabbed a cold bottle of water and rushed back outside.
When Bill came over to sit down, Jenna handed him the bottle of water and all six pair of eyes looked at his cock lying between his legs. Terri broke the silence when she asked, "Did you think over my offer?"
Bill asked, "What would happen if you needed the pool or hot tub serviced and I was already working for my boss."
Terri said, "That's easy Bill, if that situation ever comes up we'll call your company and request that you be sent out here to take care of whatever problem we have. The rest of the time you will be working directly for us. If you are interested then we can work out a wage that will be commensurate of your ability and training."
"While I am here I can work nude and no one will bother me about it?" Bill asked.
"Not only will no one bother you about being nude while you are working here, we will encourage you to be nude. As an added bonus, you may use the pool and hot tub when you finish." Terri added.
"Can we negotiate a wage today?" Bill asked.
Terri stood up and said, "If you would like to follow me, we'll go to the den where we'll have some privacy so we can discuss business. Mom, would you like to join us?"
Kim sat in her seat smiling and said, "I think you and Bill will come up with an equitable salary, so I'll stay here and talk with the girls."
Bill followed Terri into the house and as they passed the living room Terri hesitated and said to Bill, "That young man in there is Dan Morrison, dad this young man is Bill Smith and if we can work out a reasonable salary then Bill will become our new pool and hot tub guy."
Dan stood up and walked over to shake hands with Bill and said, "I hope you are good at negotiating because Terri has the magic touch."
Terri grabbed a couple of towels out of the bathroom and took them with her into the den. She handed one to Bill and said, "We always sit on a towel here instead of the furniture so we don't leave stains."
Bill smiled and spread the towel out on the chair he was offered while Terri took her place behind the desk. Terri opened up her laptop and turned it on while she made small talk with Bill. Once she had everything ready she asked Bill if he would be willing to be on call in case they needed him. Bill told Terri he would do his best to be available, but he said there may be times when he would be out of town and they would have to call the company. Terri reiterated that she wanted to keep Bill's employment with the Morrisons separate from the company Bill worked for. Terri told Bill she would talk to the company so they wouldn't send out a pool cleaner if they came to an agreement.
Terri asked Bill how much he was earning per hour at the company he was working for so they would have a base to start with. Both of them talked money and finally Terri made Bill an offer and after he thought about it for a few seconds, he accepted the offer. Terri moved behind her computer and made a confidentiality statement with Bill's name on it and then printed it. She handed Bill the statement and asked him to read it while she finished his contract. Finally all the paperwork was finished and Terri leaned back in her chair and asked Bill if he had any questions.
Bill smiled at Terri and said, "Oh I have some questions but not about the pool or the hot tub. First, I want to know how all of you run around here completely naked and no one is having any sex?"
Terri smiled back at Bill saying, "We didn't say there wasn't any sex here. We have a simple rule on sex and that is, no one harasses or coerces anyone into having sex. I will fire anyone who forces themselves on another person. Our rule is if two or more people consent to have sex or play with each other, then we don't judge anyone for who they choose to have sex with. We don't have orgies on this estate because we don't allow or have free for all sex like you would find at an orgy.
"So let me get this right, if for example I was interested in having sex with someone or someone was interested in having sex with me, we could do it anyplace we wanted on the estate as long as both of us agree. And if someone wanted to join us, they would have to ask permission first and not just start doing something sexual, right?" Bill asked.
Terri smiled and said, "I couldn't have summed it up any better. We won't allow anyone to make unwanted advances on any other person while they are here."
Terri smiled and said, "I don't want you to think I'm making a pass at you, but sometime when I'm not so busy, I would like to handle and possibly feel that monster you have there."
"I think that was a compliment, so thank you. But I am a rather shy guy because the guys in the locker rooms always make a big deal about the size of my cock. I don't mind women looking at me and commenting other than I blush a lot, but I am sexually a straight guy and really don't like guys talking about my cock. Before I finish, I want to tell you that working here nude is going to be hard on me in more than one way. You have such a lovely body; it would give a blind man a hard on." Bill said with a huge smile on his face.
Terri got up from her chair and walked over to Bill and said, "I want to thank you for that wonderful compliment. I am not that experienced when it comes to sexual things and like I said before, you have the biggest cock I've ever seen. I would ask if I could touch it, but I really have to go out and make sure things are ready for the party. May I have a rain check for a later date? But before we go our separate ways today, I would love to ask for a hug."
Bill stood up, still as a statue, until Terri moved that last step towards him. She reached out with her hand and pushed his rigid tool downward until it was level with the apex of her thighs then Terri stepped forward as she let go of Bill's cock and it bounced up and smacked her wet, spread open pussy lips. Terri closed her legs successfully trapping Bill's cock between her pussy lips and continued moving forward until her pubic mound was tight against his. Terri looked up at Bill with glazed eyes saying, "This will have to do for now, but I wanted to show you that you make me hot and wet."
"Holy fucking shit! You are something else. I'll tell you, after seeing all the other girls naked and now having my cock trapped between your thighs, I'm afraid to move because I might cum." Bill said in an excited but quiet voice.
Terri smiled at him and pushed her hand between them and her finger sought her clit and Terri feverously rubbed it while asking Bill, "Would you like to cum between my thighs? We can do that; we just can't have sex right now. Wait just a few seconds because I'm turned on and it won't take me long."
Terri knew her pussy was already dripping so there was no problem with lubrication. She picked up her rhythm and started moving her hips back and forth allowing Bill's cock to slide in the furrow of her slippery pussy. Maintaining eye contact with Bill, Terri kept smiling and moving as Bill's breathing increase until he said, "Terri, if you keep that up I am going to cum any second now."
Terri replied, "I'm almost there to and I want to feel your cum splash my pussy lips the same time I have my orgasm. It will be so hot to feel you flood my thighs with your hot cum, I'm there Bill, please, cum with me!"
Bill groaned and let loose a torrent of hot cum and Terri continued to move even though her knees were weak and started to buckle from her own orgasm. She hugged Bill and kept pumping her hips until her orgasm started to fade and she no longer felt Bill's cum splashing the inside of her thighs. For the next couple of minutes they stood holding each other tight as the aftershocks of their individual orgasms
When they stepped back from each other both of them looked down and saw the mess on Terri's thighs and Bill's cock. Terri smiled and said, "You must have been loaded for bear; I'm covered! I need a shower, come with me and we'll use the shower in my room."
Before leaving the den, Terri handed Bill the towel he sat on and she took the one she sat on and wiped off some of the cum so it wouldn't drip as she walked. Terri led Bill out of the den and up the stairs to her room and moved towards the bathroom. When they reached the bathroom Terri said, "Bill you can start the water in the shower, I have to pee then douche and I'll be right with you."
Bill turned and looked at Terri saying, "I can't fucking believe this place, you are so casual about things that most females would flip out over. I can't believe you are going to take care of your feminine business with me right here in the same bathroom with you."
"In our family we share everything so it's no big deal to us. We don't make a big deal out of peeing or douching because that's all part of nature. I've even had the pleasure of aiming one of those things you have towards the toilet when it was ready to pee. I even learned how to shake it off. The male in this house knows how to wipe my pussy after I pee. Again, it's no big deal." Terri replied with a smiled while sitting on the toilet peeing.
Terri finished what she had to do on the toilet and the bidet and then walked over to the shower where Bill was just finishing up. Terri stepped under the water and was soaping up when she heard Mary call her name. Terri shouted, "I'm in the bathroom, Mary"
Mary walked into the bathroom and stopped and looked first at Bill who was drying himself off with a towel and then at Terri in the shower. Even when Bill's cock was flaccid it was impressive in size and when Mary looked back at him she saw that big thing swinging from side to side as Bill dried his hair. Terri smiled at Mary and said, "Mary, I'd like to introduce you to Bill, he is the new pool maintenance guy."
Mary was still staring at Bill's cock when Bill pulled the towel off his head and said, "Good morning, glad to make your acquaintance."
Terri finished her shower and Mary grabbed a towel and walked over to her and started drying Terri's body. Terri looked at Mary with a strange look before she realized Dan must have told Mary about the family tradition. Terri raised her arms, spread her legs and turned around to allow Mary access to her whole body. When Mary was done, Terri took the towel and dried her own hair and then walked over to her sink and used her blow dryer and brush to fix her hair. Meanwhile Mary asked Terri if she needed any help with anything.
Mary sat on the edge of the sink facing towards Bill who was standing and watching both Terri and Mary. Finally Mary asked Bill, "Has anyone told you that you have a gorgeous cock?"
Terri burst out laughing and Bill blushed before replying, "Yes Mary, I've heard that more than a few times since I took off my shorts so I could clean the pool this morning."
Mary asked Terri, "I don't want to pry but how did you fit Bill's cock inside you?"
Terri said, "No, we didn't have sex. I did let Bill put his cock between my legs while we were standing up and let him feel how wet he made my pussy. I closed my legs and didn't let him go because he felt so good so both of us shared an orgasm and he shot his hot load between my thighs."
Mary smiled and said, "That's so fucking hot, I wish I had been here to see that."
Terri finished her hair and turned to Mary and then to Bill before saying, "Mary, I think we can arrange something more interesting than thigh fucking if Bill is interested. He is going to be here often now so there will be plenty of time to have fun."
Bill smiled and said, "I'm going to love working here."
Terri said, "I need to get back downstairs and coordinate things."
Bill said, "Yeah, I need to get back to see what else they are going to send me out on today."
Mary said, "Terri, I'll stick with you and help you do whatever you have to get done."
All three of them walked back downstairs. At the bottom of the stairs Terri turned to Bill and said, "Before you go, I get one more hug."
When Bill and Terri finished their hug Mary stepped forward and said, "I want one too."
Mary stepped close to Bill and trapped his cock between them and moved side to side and rolled Bill's cock between their bellies. When she stepped back Mary said, "I want that in me someday soon."
Bill smiled and replied, "I'm sure we can work that out if that's what you really want. But not today, I have to get going."
Terri and Mary walked Bill out to the kitchen where they stopped and Bill walked out on the deck to hear cheers from all the females still sitting at the table or in the pool, like he was a rock star. Bill blushed and walked over to his clothes and picked them up. As he pulled his underwear back up and in place there was a loud moan from the same females who only moments before cheered him. There was even a louder moan when he pulled his jean shorts up and zipped them up covering his cock completely. Bill picked up his shirt and walked off the deck and out to his truck.
After Bill was gone some of the females came back into the house and some stayed out on the deck to work on their tan or in the pool. Shelly walked into the kitchen and found Mary and Terri and asked, "Is there anything I can do to help you?"
Terri smiled and said, "I'm expecting the food to arrive soon, so if neither of you want to be seen naked it would be best if you were in the living room or upstairs. The stores are sending delivery people out so I have no idea who is going to be delivering. Mary was the first to speak up saying, "That's ok, I'll hang out with you until the door bell rings and then I'll go to the bathroom or living room until they go. I want to see Ted's face when he arrives and hear what he has to say for himself."
Jenna came running into the kitchen saying, "The door bell is going to be ringing in a second, my friend Kevin just texted me, he's almost here. I'll get the door."
Jenna finished talking and the doorbell rang and she took off running towards the front door. Terri, Mary and Shelly watched Jenna's small ass cheeks bounce as she ran. Soon the three of them heard a squeal and Jenna screeching, "Hi baby, I'm so glad you could make it. Hurry up and get out of those shorts, I want to introduce you to some people."
Jenna re-appeared in the kitchen almost dragging a handsome looking guy about six feet tall, with sandy blonde hair and baby blue eyes and said, "Hey, this is my friend Kevin Brown, ain't he a cutie?"
Terri noticed immediately that Kevin didn't have any tan lines and he was well built and muscular. When she looked down, she saw his pubic area and balls were shaved bald making his tanned cock stand out nicely. Terri estimated Kevin's cock to be about seven inches and circumcised. When Terri looked at Mary and Shelly she saw they were still checking Kevin out, so she put out her hand and said, "I'm glad to meet you Kevin. By your lack of tan lines you must be a nudist too."
Kevin said, "Yes, I'm nudist and I've been one all my life. My parents have been taking us to nudist resorts for as long as I can remember."
Mary asked, "When you say us, how many is that exactly?"
Kevin replied, "I have one brother and three sisters and I'm the oldest of the kids."
Shelly said, "I'm new to this nudist stuff as of this morning so I want to ask, does that mean your whole family stays nude at home as well?"
Kevin replied, "Yes, we are a nudist family so we practice nudism even at home."
"So you and your sisters grew up together and none of you wore clothes when you were at home? What did you do when you had friends come to visit you at home?" Shelly asked with inquisitive voice.
"Yes all of us grew up together and when we were at home our parents and all five of us kids stayed nude all the time. We are a very close family like the Morrisons are close. Our home allows us complete privacy, even when someone comes to visit." Kevin replied.
Jenna interrupted saying, "I don't want to sound like I'm being rude, but if you will excuse us, I want to take Kevin out and introduce him to Lisa and Becky."
Just as Jenna went out the back door to the deck the doorbell rang. Shelly and Mary looked at each other and Mary said, "Let's head down towards the bathroom and if it's someone we know, then we can duck into the bathroom."
Terri went to the front door and opened it and found a young man standing there with a receipt in his hand but the minute he realized Terri was completely naked his eyes bugged out and his mouth dropped open. Terri stood waiting for the young delivery guy to catch his breath before he was able to finally say, "I have a delivery for the Morrison residence."
Terri smiled and said, "You have the right residence. Please back your vehicle up to the first garage door towards the house and I'll open the door for you so you can bring everything right into the kitchen."
The young man turned and started walking away as Terri closed the door and headed towards the kitchen then into the garage. Terri opened the garage door and directed the young man to follow her through the garage and into the kitchen so he would know where to bring everything. While the young man was busy bringing in everything he had, Terri wrote a check and had it ready for him when he finished. After the first delivery guy had made four trips into the kitchen a second young man followed the first delivery guy, Terri saw the second guy she walked over to him and he held out his delivery slip saying he had a delivery for the Morrison residence. Terri took the slip and told him to bring everything except the beer and soda into the kitchen. She told him to stack the beer and soda next to the steps in the garage, by the kitchen door. When both delivery guys finished Terri stood with them and checked their lists against what was delivered and when everything checked out she handed each of them their check. Finally the first delivery guy said, "Anytime you need anything delivered, call the store and ask for Cal, I'd love to deliver out here again. Before I go I have to tell you, you are a very beautiful young lady. I can't believe you've been naked since I arrived and allowed me to see your whole body. I guess I'm rambling so I'll shut up now.... BUT..... you do look great!"
The other delivery guy said, "I love seeing you to." He made a sound that sounded like a goofy laugh and then turned and left.
Terri started looking through the bags and packages. Kim, Mary and Shelly walked into the kitchen and said they would help. Between the four females they were able to sort everything and put away within a few minutes. The door bell sounded again and when Terri opened it she saw a young lady standing on the porch. The young lady gasped and covered her mouth when she saw Terri's naked body and immediately started to apologize. Terri smiled and said, "No problem, I am a nudist and I don't wear clothes when I am at home."
The young lady said, "I have an ice chest to deliver to the Morrison residence along with some other items."
Terri told the young lady to back up to the first garage door near the house and bring the stuff into the kitchen. Once again Terri went to the kitchen and opened the door and stood waiting for the young lady to bring in the stuff she was delivering. On her first trip into the kitchen she looked around and saw the other naked females and said, "WOW, everyone is naked."
Terri said, "As I told you I am a nudist and the others here are too."
When the delivery was finished the young lady stood with Terri as she checked the slip against the delivery and then Terri handed the young lady the check. Before she left she said, "Someday I'm going to try this and be nude in my apartment. I think you guys look really cool. Oh, by the way, my name is Sue. If you ever need anything again ask for me."
Terri smiled and said, "I will put your name in my book next to the store name. Thank you very much for being prompt in your delivery."
Terri and Sue walked out through the garage and when Sue left, Terri closed the garage door and walked back into the kitchen. Terri looked at Kim and said, "We have everything I ordered so we are ready for the party. All we need now is for the rest of the people to show up."
Kim thanked Terri for organizing everything and ordering the food then turned to Mary and Shelly saying, "Terri has a natural talent of organization. She has amazed us over and over again since she came here a few weeks ago."
The doorbell sounded and Terri said, "Please excuse me, I'll get the door."
Terri opened the door and saw Ted and Marion standing on the porch. Marion was already naked and Ted was only wearing a pair of shorts and sandals. Terri giggled and said, "Marion you look comfortable and Ted, you look over dressed."
Ted said, "I wore my shorts because I have an officer here and I didn't want to scare her."
Terri smiled even broader saying, "Oh, I don't think she will be any more surprised than you will be. Please come on in, and you really don't need your shorts, Ted."
Marion walked up to Terri and hugged her as Ted slipped off his shorts. Ted asked Terri, "Did you have my officer sign a confidentiality statement?"
Terri smiled and said, "Ted, hello, do you remember where you are?"
Ted smiled back and said, "Yeah, I should have known. The next thing you're going to tell me is my officer is only wearing her pistol belt."
Terri smiled then turned and started walking as she said over her shoulder, "Come on, everyone is in the kitchen."
Terri, Marion and Ted walked into the kitchen together and Ted stopped dead in his tracks as he not only saw his officer on duty but he saw both Shelly and Mary standing side by side and naked as the day they were born smiling broadly at their boss. There was dead silence as the three of them checked out each other's naked body, then Mary finally said, "You know Sergeant Johnson, if you wanted to see me naked, all you had to do was ask me. You didn't have to send me on a detail where you knew I would end up naked."
Ted started to sputter when Shelly spoke up and said, "I was worried that you might be pissed off about me being on this detail and being naked until I talked to Mary and then I listened to her reasoning and you assigned us to this detail because we are females."
Finally Ted broke into a big smile and said, "When I picked both of you for this detail I really didn't think about seeing you nude or naked. It wasn't until last night when I was talking to Dan and he told me to have my officer come up to the house instead of sitting out on the road by the end of the driveway that I realized the possibilities. Then when Mary was cussing me out on the phone last night for Dan answering the door naked, I hoped I would see one or both of you naked today. That's the honest truth. I didn't plan this in advance."
"That's a nice sweet story buddy and it's a good thing, because I was thinking that you would owe us a favor someday." Mary said with a smile on her face.
Ted smiled saying, "Well after today, I'm sure you know nothing will change around the office because we saw each other naked, but I am grateful that I chose both of you for this detail. I might add, both of you look great."
Shelly said, "Well Ted, since we're being so personal, you ain't the big prick I thought you were!"
The room erupted in laughter as Ted stood there trying to get a word in but all the women were hysterical and making so much noise I came running into the kitchen from the living room and Jenna came running in from the deck to see what was going on. While laughing Mary walked over to Ted and reached down to hold his cock in her hand then she said to Ted, "I personally think you have a wonderful looking cock on you Ted. It even feels great in my hand."
Ted smiled at Mary asking, "Are you trying to make brownie points?"
Mary smiled and said, "Ted, your secret is safe with me."
Once again Marion, Shelly, Terri, Kim and Mary broke out laughing as Ted stood there red faced. Mary reached down a bit further and cupped Ted balls in her hand and gave them a slight squeeze before asking, "Hey Shelly, didn't I tell you I'd have Sergeant Johnson by the balls before the day was over? Well check this out."
There was some more friendly banter and laughter then everyone settled down and talked for a while. Finally Ted asked, "Let me talk to my two officers and then we can get back to the party."
Dan said, "Ted, you can use the den if you'd like. You can close the door and have some privacy in there."
When the three of them got to the den and the door was closed Ted started out saying, "I want both of you to know I didn't realize we would end up seeing each other nude. I know you've signed a confidentiality statement just like I have so whatever happens here stays here. But I have to know my officers can do the job they are hired to do so I've got to ask, where is your weapon in case you need it, Shelly?"
Shelly smiled and said, "My pistol belt is right behind you hanging on that chair and as you can see I have my radio right here. Also if you look, I have a pair of shorts and a tee-shirt I borrowed from Jenna just in case of an emergency."
Mary said, "I stopped by the office this morning and picked up a charger for the radio so we can have a fully charged radio all the time. Dan Morrison said we will be eating with the family all the time we are here so there is no need to have anything sent out here. He also told me that while we are here doing our job as an officer we are also doing him a favor by protecting his daughter Terri, so he wants us to fit in and be with the family instead of sitting in our car. I told him last night all that wasn't necessary, but he insisted that we accept his hospitality."
Ted said, "You both know our first priority is the protection of Terri and if Dan wants you to stay here in the house with them, I don't have any problem with that. However, I ask that you keep the information about this detail to yourselves because I don't want to have the other officers beating on me for a turn to come out here. Also, I know both of you are nude but I think it would be better if one of you went to the door with Terri instead of letting her answer the door alone. It doesn't mean you have to stand in the open door with her, but be close by her just in case."
Mary said, "One of us can do that."
Ted started to say something but Mary cut him off by saying, "I know we can't joke about this at the office, but I want you to remember today because things have changed between the three of us which will never be the same. Shelly and I have already talked it over and we want to stay on this part of the detail for as long as it lasts."
"Both of you can remain on this detail but what about your scheduled days off?" Ted asked.
Shelly spoke up saying, "Mary and I want to be the only ones doing this detail because we plan on being naked while we are here so if we work right straight through, can we work out something to take our days off at another time?"
Ted thought about their proposal and said, "I guess we can work something out as long as both of you promise not to hit me up for overtime or want to take all your days off at one time. I want both of you to know before either of you make too much of a commitment to this detail is we aren't sure how long the detail will continue. We may get it settled in a couple days, a couple weeks or it might extend out for a couple months. We don't and won't know until we get all those involved in jail."
Since the details of this case broke, it has become a high profile case because of the nature of the case and the ages of some of the possible victims. Terri and Hanna are just the tip of the iceberg so to speak. There are additional allegations that I'm not at liberty to talk about right now.
Shelly responded with, "We understand Ted, but at the same time how many of our colleagues do you want to send out here. As you can see, we have already adapted to our situation here at the Morrisons and it's apparent to me that you don't mind seeing us naked because your cock is still hard."
Both Mary and Shelly giggled and Ted sputtered before he said, "I don't want to get slapped with a sexual harassment suit, but I have to tell both of you, you're very easy on the eyes. Both of you are sitting here and I'm having a hard time keeping my eyes away from staring at your pussy and your tits. The image of both of you will be forever burned into my memory."
Mary said, "I understand the Morrisons have a policy here that anyone in agreement can engage in sexual activities. Ted, are you saying that you would love to have sex with us?"
Ted anguished as he said, "Oh my God, I can't tell you that I wouldn't, but I shouldn't tell you that I'd really love to find out more about both of you. After all, I am your boss and the ethics of it all would cause problems down the road. Both of you are very beautiful and we'll have to see how things go while you are here."
"But on the business side of things, how do the two of you want to cover the shifts?" Ted asked.
Mary replied, "I will cover the twelve hour night shift unless Shelly wants to trade off at some point to have a day time off. As we said before, we have been invited to be here with the Morrisons and they will feed us and we can make ourselves right at home while we are here."
Ted smiled and said, "I've known Dan Morrison for a while and even though he is rather wealthy, he has been a down to earth family kind of guy. When he tells you to make yourself at home, he doesn't just say it, he really means it. His wife seems to be the same way. The Morrisons are exceptionally nice people."
"On another note, my wife will be installing the new monitors here in the den this week for the security system I'm installing for the Morrisons. Once we get the system up and running, you will have the convenience of seeing who is at the gate and there will be cameras in and around all the buildings so nothing will escape being recorded. The cameras we ordered are equipped with audio capabilities as well as video. The cameras will be on all the time so the monitors will switch between the cameras to allow anyone in here to view the estate as well as the gate. We are setting the system up so the cameras are on sound and motion detection, which means the recorders here in the den, will start recording anything near the camera that's activated by a noise or movement. We are going to have a separate recorder for the gate because that will have more activations than any of the other cameras. I've hired a couple more people so we can do the job faster and get the system up and running as soon as possible." Ted told Mary and Shelly.
Ted asked, "Do either of you have any questions?"
Mary asked, "Ted, are you ok with either of us engaging in sex if the opportunity presents itself?"
"I can't tell you what to do, but I'll say this, as long as you can do the job you are here to do, I don't care what you do. However, the statement I just made will not likely fit any other detail you are assigned." Ted said with a big smile on his face.
"May I suck your cock so you won't have to walk out of here with that thing pointing the way?" Mary asked Ted.
Ted smiled and said, "That's only a one way proposition, how about you forget the blow job and we enjoy a wonderful sexual event that will give us both something to remember?"
Mary stood up and met Ted in a hug and then finally they kissed as their hands roamed over each other's body. Mary whispered, "We can go up to my room or we can stay here, you choose."
Ted leaned back and looked quizzically at Mary then she added, "Dan gave me one of the upstairs bedrooms last night to use while I am here. Let's go up there and I'll let you fuck me, but we have to leave the door open, so anyone who wants to watch us can."
Shelly said, "I'll let you two go play for now, but Ted, I want you to know, I also want your cock in my pussy as soon as we can arrange it." Shelly left the den and headed off to find Terri and inform her that she was not to go to the door unless one of the officers is with her.
Mary and Ted when up to Mary's room and when they got inside Mary said, "I've got to pee before we fuck. Come see the bathroom it's huge."
Ted followed Mary into the bathroom and while he looked around Mary sat down on her toilet and started to pee. Ted listened to the hissing sound of Mary peeing then said to her, "You're pretty comfortable peeing with me in the room when most females would chase males out."
Mary replied, "If this had been yesterday, I would have chased you out but I learned from the Morrisons that it's good to be open about everything. They take showers together and wash and dry each other. They are truly a loving family."
When Mary was finished on the toilet she dried her pussy and then stood up and grabbed a wash cloth and asked Ted if he wanted to wash her pussy before they went to bed. Ted looked at her in disbelief and finally took the soapy wash cloth from her hand and kneeled down and washed Mary's pussy. She took the wash cloth back and rinsed it off then handed it back to Ted. When he finished rinsing her, Mary stood up and soaped the wash cloth again and washed Ted's cock. When she was done washing and rinsing she dragged Ted over to her bed and jumped up on it. She said, "Before you put your cock in my pussy I want to suck it while you lick my pussy."
Ted smiled as he turned around and moved into position to sixty-nine Mary and said, "I'm not going to argue with you. You are a beautiful lady and I'm going to enjoy having sex with you."
Mary said, "Before we start I want you to know I am verbally thankful for any orgasm you're going to give me, so we may draw some attention."
Ted said with a grin before he dipped his head between Mary's thighs, "Oh God, a screamer."
Ted took the lead and went right to work licking Mary's sweet pussy and in the process he rubbed his rough tongue over her sensitive clit. Meanwhile, Mary opened her mouth and took as much of Ted's cock as she could before she started manipulating it with her tongue. Mary used her tongue to tantalize the sensitive area at the base of Ted's cock head. Soon both of them were moaning and moving their hips in unison with the ministration they were receiving. After both Mary and Ted each achieved an orgasm, Ted moved around and laid beside Mary and started kissing her. Finally Ted's cock came back to life and Mary said to Ted, "Sergeant Johnson, I need to feel your hard cock inside my juicy pussy. Will you please fuck me hard and make me scream."
Ted looked at Mary saying, "Well Officer Davis, you surprise me. But if you want to get fucked properly, turn over and get up on your knees and I'll give you what you've asked for."
Mary rolled over and got up on her knees then reached between her legs and guided Ted's cock towards her waiting pussy. Ted reached out and gripped Mary's hips and once he saw his cock was pointing towards Mary's pussy he pushed forward and buried his cock into her soaking wet pussy. He withdrew slowly and then plowed forward again when Mary groaned and said, "OH GOD, give me your cock, fuck me hard and fast."
Ted didn't wait and started pounding his cock into her waiting hole. Mary was so sexually excited her pussy was soaking wet and after a little while, each time Ted buried his cock inside Mary he could hear sloshing sounds. Mary began breathing erratically and the noise coming from her was building as Ted continued to pump her bald pussy. Soon Mary screamed, "OH FUCK, I'M GOING TO CUM!"
Ted said, "Go ahead and cum baby, I'm right there and ready to fire my load of hot cum into your waiting pussy."
Mary heard what Ted said and that's all she needed to spark her orgasm and send her over the edge squirming and pumping trying to get the most out of Ted's cock as he continued to pump into her, grinding his groin against her to keep his cock deep inside her. Mary verbally blessed Ted for his fucking her pussy hard and burying his cock deep into her, especially when she felt his hot cum splash against the walls of her hot pussy. Once Ted finished squirting his semen into Mary, he continued to pump into her with less powerful strokes. Finally both collapsed on the bed and turned towards each other and kissed while thanking each other for the wonderful sex they'd experienced.
Mary smiled and said, "You know, I wouldn't have traded this moment with you for anything in the world. You're really a sweet guy and not the badass you have all of us at the office believing you are."
Ted smiled at Mary and said, "I have a reputation to maintain at the office and since you can't go back to the office and tell anyone what we've just done or how you found out that I can be nice when necessary, you can think anything you want."
After a few more minutes Mary said, "Come on, let's go into the bathroom and I'll show you what else I've learned from the Morrisons."
Downstairs, Tony, Patty, Beth and Barbie had arrived a little earlier. After a brief introduction, Tony asked Kim what he could do to help get ready for the party. After a brief discussion they decided to bring a couple more tables and chairs up from the basement. Kim said, "We have some lawn umbrellas out in the barn and if some of you want to come with me, we can bring them down and set them up in the back yard."
Everyone split up and some went to the basement for tables and chairs and some went to the barn to get the lawn umbrellas. Within a half an hour everyone was back on the deck with the tables and chairs set up and ready. Everyone grabbed a cold drink and took a seat to enjoy the company of each other. The door bell sounded so Terri and Shelly got up to go answer the door. When Terri opened the door she greeted Gus, Joe and another young lady. The young lady immediately said, "I thought you were joking Uncle Gus, I didn't think we were really going to be naked today."
Gus and Joe stepped into the house and hesitantly the young lady stepped in behind them while she looked around. Finally her eyes settled on Terri's naked body and she looked Terri up and down. Gus said, "Terri, let me introduce you to Abby Brown. She's my brother's daughter and the one we were telling you about. She helps us clean when we get backed up like this morning."
Terri turned to Abby and said, "Welcome to the Morrison estate, my name is Terri and I am the housekeeper for the Morrisons."
As Gus and Joe started to remove their clothes Gus asked, "Terri, do you have one of those statements for Abby to sign? I've already told her you would want her to sign one."
Terri said, "Yes of course, I'll take Abby in the den so I can print one and have her sign it. Meanwhile, Gus, Joe, I'd like to introduce you to Shelly White."
Gus and Joe shook hands with Shelly then finally Abby stepped forward shyly and shook hands with Shelly. Terri turned to Shelly saying, "Shelly, would you mind taking Joe out to the deck and show him where the cold drinks are and I will take Gus and Abby to the den to get the statement for Abby."
Shelly said, "Sure, I can take him out there, does anyone out there know who Joe is?"
Terri thought about it for a second then said, "On second thought, if you want to wait I'll take all three of you out there together and introduce you."
Terri said, "If you will follow me we'll get the statement for Abby to sign."
The five of them walked to the den and within a couple of minutes Terri printed out the confidentiality statement for Abby to sign. Terri made a copy of her statement and gave it to Abby. Abby was still dressed and as she looked at the four naked people around her she finally asked, "Uncle Gus, Joe, can you step out in the hall for a minute so I can talk girl talk to Terri and Shelly?"
After both guys stepped out of the room Terri closed the door and turned towards Abby and waited for her to say something. In a quiet voice Abby finally said, "Um...... I don't know how to say this but I thought Uncle Gus was joking when he said we were going to a nude party today. I um...... umm you know..... umm just pulled on a pair of my old panties and didn't take time to clean up and I really need to wash before I take off my clothes and hang out with everyone, if you know what I mean. And I awww..... I've got a lot of hair on my pussy and I see both of you are bald. I don't want to stand out if I am going to be nude like everyone else.
Terri smiled at Abby and said, "I can take you up to my bathroom and you can use my bidet and shower. I'm not sure what you want to do about the hair, but I can give you a pair of scissors and a disposable razor so you can do whatever it is you want. I can send Debbie up to help you if you want."
Terri smiled and said, "Come on, let me take Gus and Joe out to meet the group while you wait in the kitchen and then Shelly and I can take you upstairs to my bathroom. Will that work for you?"
Abby smiled saying, "Thank you, I knew you would understand. I was so afraid to say something because I didn't want anyone to laugh at me."
Terri walked over and hugged Abby and said, "Don't ever feel that way when you are here at the Morrisons because no one will laugh at you. We will laugh with you but never at you."
Terri opened the door to the den and found Gus and Joe talking with Ashley and Debbie in the hall. As Terri, Shelly and Abby walked out of the den, Debbie rushed to Abby and gave her a big hug. After the greetings and hugs Terri asked, "Debbie, would you mind taking Gus and Joe out to the deck and introduce them to everyone while I take Abby up to my bathroom so she can freshen up a little bit. She's been working hard this morning and wants to take a quick shower."
Debbie smiled and said, "Sure I can do that, I was headed that way before we stopped to talk."
As Terri was walking up the stairs with Abby and Shelly the door bell rang again. Terry turned and looked at Abby and said, "Wait here, I'll be right back."
Terri opened the door and saw Paul and Sarah standing on the porch. Paul said, "Hi Terri, it's great to see you again."
Terri stepped aside and said, "Please come in. I'll get Ashley and she can introduce you to the others."
Terri caught up with Ashley in the kitchen and told her Paul and Sarah had arrived and asked her if she could introduce them to everyone on the deck. Ashley said, "Sure I can."
Shelly and Terri walked back up the stairs where Abby was waiting and then escorted her down to Terri's bedroom. Terri walked to her night stand and pulled out a pair of scissors and handed them to Abby and said, "I'll be right back, I have to go to the guest room and get a disposable razor for you."
When Terri returned Abby was standing in her bra and panties looking out the window. Terri said, "Here you go, you can use my shaving gel it's for sensitive skin. And I have a bottle of moisturizer in the cabinet by the sink. Make sure you use a liberal amount on the shaved area so you can help avoid the shaving rash."
Abby looked at Terri like she had two heads, before she finally said, "I've never shaved myself down there."
Terri said, "I am going to be answering the door, so how about I get you started and then I can have Debbie come up here and help you. You know she shaved her father and Joe, so she not only has experience shaving her pussy, but she can shave around a cock and balls too."
Abby finally agreed to let Debbie help her but she said, "Ummmm..... I need to wash before Debbie gets that close to my pussy."
Terri smiled and said, "You can use my bidet and douche before you get in the shower and then Debbie can shave whatever you want taken off."
Abby said, "I couldn't use your douche, that's so personal."
Terri smiled and said, "Come in the bathroom and I will show you the bidet. It's what I use to douche and yes you can use it to."
Abby followed Terri into the bathroom and Terri showed Abby the bidet. She instructed her how to use it and said, "When you're finished, just turn off the water and take a shower."
Abby smiled and said, "Can you show me how to use the bidet?"
Shelly said, "I'll go find Debbie and send her up here while you are doing that, then you can come downstairs and we can get the other things done."
Debbie walked into Terri's bathroom just as Abby was stepping into the shower. Terri turned around and said to Debbie, "Abby wants to trim and shave some off her bush and since I've got to be down stairs to organize everything, will you give her a hand? I put a razor, my shaving gel and my moisturizer lotion on the counter over there."
Before leaving the bathroom Terri said to Debbie, "I think everyone is here, so when you get done come down and we can get the party started.
About twenty minutes later Debbie and Abby walked into the kitchen and Terri looked at Abby's pussy and saw that her pussy was completely bald. Terri smiled and said, "Abby, I see you've decided to join the rest of us and uncovered your beautiful pussy so all of us can enjoy the view."
Abby blushed and said, "This is the first time it's been bald since I was a little girl. I looked at myself in your full length mirror and my pussy does look beautiful. I'm going to keep it bald from now on."
Terri said, "All righty then, let's go out on the deck and I can introduce you and we can get things going."
Once they were standing on the deck Terri called out, "May I have everyone's attention?"
After everyone was looking at her Terri continued by saying, "I want to welcome all of you today on behalf of Dan, Kim, and Jenna Morrison. A few weeks ago Dan and Kim had a vision of hiring a complete nude staff so they could enjoy their lifestyle without upsetting anyone when they walked around nude. Little did they know the positions were filled almost immediately by all of you who are sitting here today. Each one of you unknowingly fulfilled the dream of the Morrisons. To show their gratitude, they are hosting this party today for you as a way of saying thank you. While I have everyone's attention I will introduce everyone again, only this time I will do it by the crew they are on. Please stand up when I call your name. Starting with the lawn care/landscaping crew we have Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth Williams. Barbie and Beth are Tony's sisters. The people who are installing our security system are Ted and Marion Johnson. Our house cleaning crew members include, Ashley and Paul Brennan who are brother and sister and their partner Sarah Green. Also we have on the cleaning crew, Gus and Debbie who are father and daughter and then there's Abby Brown who is a niece of Gus. Their partner is Joe Newton."
Also joining us today are a few friends of Jenna Morrison and they are Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown. A couple of other ladies joining us today are Mary Davis and Shelly White. All of you know who I am so I don't need to tell you again. However, I want to introduce our hosts, Dan and Kim Morrison." Terri finished saying.
There was a loud round of applause and towards the end I stood up waving and waited for everyone to stop clapping before saying, "Terri certainly deserves some recognition because this get together was her idea and she has organized everything within a day." Another round of applause erupted and Terri stood blushing at the accolade bestowed upon her.
I continued by saying, "It is true, Kim and I had a vision of hiring an all nude staff, however, we never envisioned the number of family members we would have working together nude. It is refreshing to all of us to see brother and sister, father and daughter, and even uncle and niece working nude side by side. We will have more of these events in the future if for no other reason than to stay in contact with each other. All of you are performing services for us, but I also want all of you to know Kim, Jenna, Terri, and I are here to help you any way we can; please don't hesitate to contact us if you need something."
Terri said, "We will be setting out some food for lunch and then we are going to grill food later for our dinner. The coolers over here are full of beer, soda and bottles of water so have fun, don't be bashful and if you want to explore the estate, please feel free."
There was a loud cheer rising from the crowd and many people moved towards the pool. Shelly walked over to Terri and commented on her impromptu speech saying, "I am surprised you remembered everyone's name and who they were."
Terri smiled and said, "No one wants to be called, hey you, so I take it as my responsibility to memorize everyone's name."
Jenna and Kevin walked over to where Kim was standing and Jenna asked, "Mom do you remember Kevin Brown? He was here a couple times."
Kim smiled and said, "Oh yes, isn't he the same Kevin who thinks I'm hot?"
Kevin stood facing Kim and said, "Yes ma'am that would be me. No sense of me denying it that was definitely me."
"Well Kevin, let's be up front then and tell me, if you could choose only one body to play with whose body would you choose, mine or Jenna's?" Kim said while looking directly in Kevin's eyes and smiling.
Kevin stopped dead in his tracks and he looked between Jenna and Kim before saying, "You're killing me! How am I supposed to make a selection between perfection and perfection?"
Kim turned to Jenna saying, "He's smooth honey. If he'd given any other answer I would have made him choose, but now I think we could rock his world."
Kevin stood looking between Kim and Jenna and didn't say a word. Finally Kim reached down and ran her fingernails along Kevin's toned stomach and immediately his cock jumped and started to come to life. Kim looked down and said, "It looks like we might have to take Kevin some place where we can get cozy. Tell me Kevin, if you had a chance to take a mother and daughter to bed what would be the first thing you would do for them."
Kevin looked at Kim asking, "Are you teasing me? Both of you are so beautiful and I hope if I ever get the chance to take both of you to bed, I would start out by licking both of you while you kissed each other."
Jenna stepped into Kim's open arms giving her a quick kiss then looking at Kevin asking, "You mean like this?" Both of them started kissing passionately while Kevin stood beside them watching their hands roam over each other. His cock grew until it was standing up straight and he couldn't help but stroke it a couple of times. (It's a guy thing)
When Kim and Jenna broke their kiss they gave each other a couple of pecks on the lips before they turned their heads towards Kevin. Kevin was standing with his mouth wide open and his cock standing at attention. Kim smiled and said, "Look honey, your friend seems to get excited watching us kiss. Let's go up to your room and see if we can satisfy this young man."
Jenna hooked her arm into Kevin's arm and pulled him towards the house. Once inside, the trio went directly to Jenna's room and flopped on her bed. Kevin said, "It was hot watching you two kiss each other and if you do that again, I'd love to lick each of you."
Kim rolled over on her back and spread her legs saying, "Kevin, do you like the look of my pussy now? Does it look deliciously juicy enough for you?"
Jenna followed her mother's lead and rolled on her back spreading her legs wide and planting her feet on the bed asking, "How about my pussy Kevin, does mine look as juicy as my mom's pussy? Which one do you want to taste first?"
Kevin began to tremble with excitement being presented with two delicious looking pussies and having to make a choice which one was going to ride his tongue to an orgasm first. Breathing rapidly Kevin didn't say anything more as he leaned forward and took a deep breath, millimeters from Kim's spread open pussy, enjoying her wonderful feminine aroma. Conscientiously, Kevin extended his tongue and gently licked the open slit of Kim's pussy. At the top of her pussy he found the little button of Kim's clit. On contact, Kim immediately shivered and a moan escaped her lips. Jenna didn't want to be a spectator so she moved down so she could take Kevin's cock into her mouth and as she started sucking, Kevin's hip moved in rhythm.
Kim was well on her way to an orgasm when Jenna said, "Mom, Kevin stop, I have an idea."
"Kevin you want to put this nice cock in my mom and I don't want to be a spectator so mom and I will sixty nine with mom on top and you can fuck her while I'm licking her juicy pussy and your hard cock. Doesn't that sound more fun?" Jenna asked.
All three of them moved into position with Jenna on the bottom looking up at Kevin's cock as he moved forward to her mom's pussy. Jenna picked up her head and licked her mother's pussy just before Kevin inserted the head of his cock into Kim's waiting pussy. Jenna's nose rubbed the underside of Kevin's cock as he slowly slid into her mom's pussy. When Kevin's balls rested over the top of Jenna's eyes she knew Kevin's cock was buried deep inside her mother. As Kevin withdrew his cock from Kim, Jenna's tongue was right there licking her mother's juice off Kevin's cock. Both Kevin and Kim were moaning with pleasure as Kevin started pumping wildly into Kim. Kevin's balls were banging Jenna's forehead with each stroke, but that didn't deter her from licking her mother's clit and sending Kim into orgasmic heaven.
Soon Kevin let out a groan and said, "I'm going to cum soon."
Panting with pleasure Kim whimpered, "Oh God Kevin, please let me feel your hot juice fill my pussy."
That's all Kevin needed to hear and with a load groan his balls churned up a load of cum which boiled though his pipes before splashing the walls of Kim's pussy. Gasping as she experienced another orgasm, Kim humped her hips trying to take Kevin's cock as deep into her pussy as it would go. Meanwhile, Jenna was on the bottom and her tongue was busy licking her mother's clit, helping send her over the edge into each orgasm.
A few minutes after Kevin unloaded his cum into Kim he pulled his limp cock out of her dripping pussy and watched Jenna lap Kim's pussy as his cum slowly rolled out of her. The sight of Jenna licking his cum out of her mother made Kevin's cock start to twitch again. As he continued to watch, Kevin started stroking his cock and slowly it came back to being rock hard. Kim rolled off Jenna and saw Kevin sitting back on his heels looking at the two women before Kim broke the silence saying, "I want to watch you stretch my daughter's little pussy with that nice cock of yours. I want to watch it up close and personal like Jenna did when you stabbed my pussy with your weapon."
Jenna crawled up on Kim's body and spread her legs in either side of her mother's head and lowered her pussy to her mom's lips and tongue. Slowly Kevin moved forward as he stroked his cock watching Kim lick Jenna's pussy. Kevin used his cock to bop Kim on her forehead and nose before he held it still so she could lick the head of his cock and get it wet before he inserted it into Jenna's tight pussy. Kim was mesmerized as she watched the tip of Kevin's cock part the outer lips of Jenna's pussy from her vantage point directly below Kevin's cock and Jenna's pussy. Kim watched as Kevin's cock finally disappeared completely into Jenna's pussy and all that was left was Kevin's balls hanging above her nose twitching each time Kevin tried to push more of his cock into Jenna. Kim stuck out her tongue and licked Kevin's balls making him jump and push against Jenna drawing a loud moan from her. Kim started licking Jenna's clit as Jenna began pumping her hips up and down and moaning loudly, "OH FUCK KEVIN, that feels so good. Push your cock harder into me and let me feel that fucking cock fill my cunt!"
Kevin began to slowly pump into Jenna and every time he was fully inside her, his balls rested on Kim's nose and Kim would lick them. Eventually Kevin started pumping faster and faster until a slapping sound echoed throughout the room. It wasn't long before all three were breathing rapidly and irregularly. Jenna was the first to start screaming, "I'm cumming!"
Within seconds Kevin started groaning louder as he frantically pumped his cock deep into Jenna and finally groaned, "Here it cums, Jenna, I'm going to cum inside your hot pussy and fill you up."
In the twilight of their orgasms, Jenna and Kevin continued to move slowly until his cock became so soft he couldn't push it back into her pussy. Kim began licking Jenna's pussy, especially her clit, while Jenna concentrated on her mother's pussy and clit. Both females worked each other's clit until both made noises and moved in rhythm with the tongue attacking their clit. Both females quivered as they each approached their orgasm, giving way to loud moaning as both experienced their orgasm as the same time. All three rested on the bed talking while they enjoyed their post orgasmic high. After they rested, they decided to get up and get cleaned up before rejoining the others. After their shower they headed downstairs.
The first people the three encountered when they walked into the kitchen were Terri and Shelly sitting at the breakfast counter talking. Kim smiled and said, "Where is everyone? It's kind of quiet down here."
"A little while ago Tony said he was going to take Patty, Beth and Barbie and walk around the property, so everyone decided to take a tour around the borders of the property with them. They've been gone about a half an hour and since I've never walked around the borders, I wouldn't know when they will be back." Terri said.
Kim suggested getting into the pool and Terri jumped up off her chair saying, "That sounds like a wonderful idea, come on Shelly, I'll race you to the pool."
All five took off running through the sliding glass doors across the deck and jumped into the deep end of the pool, splashing water everywhere. When they surfaced, they all came towards each other. Suddenly Jenna reached out and touched Kim and said, "Tag mom, you're it." Thus the game of tag started and within minutes caused a game of organized grab ass. Hands were grabbing breasts, cupping pussies and intentionally holding a cock for a few seconds longer than it took to tag someone. The game continued for awhile longer before the others came back from their walk and all of them jumped into the pool.
Everyone mingled until someone suggested they play water volley ball. The action in the pool stopped and the net was set up before they chose teams. Once everything was set the game started and at first people concentrated on the game. Soon hands wandered and body parts were groped and no one minded. As the game continued it was obvious the males in the group were in high demand since they were outnumbered by the females, but no one made an issue. Jenna was the first to make a move on me when she jumped up on me and wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. With a few coordinated movements by both Jenna and I, we were able to align my cock at the entrance of my daughter's spread open pussy. Jenna slowly slid down my cock, stretching her tight pussy as I entered her, until my cock was firmly embedded in her body.
I moved off to the side of the pool and we made no attempt to hide the fact that Jenna was riding my cock. Jenna became very vocal with her feelings and encouraged me to fuck her and keep my cock buried deep inside her. With everyone within ear shot, although they were still playing water volley ball, Jenna demanded, "Daddy, push your finger up my ass while you fill my lil pussy with your hard cock."
I looked down in the crystal blue water and saw my cock parting the thin lips of my daughter's pussy as she rode my cock. Her small tits bounced each time our pubic areas smashed together. I was mesmerized watching her cute little pink nipples vibrate on her "B" cup tits after each contact.
Meanwhile Debbie grabbed Gus by the hand saying, "Daddy look, Jenna's riding her daddy's cock over there. Come on, let's go over by them, I want you to put your cock in my pussy."
Gus and Debbie moved next to Jenna and me then Debbie followed Jenna's example and jumped up and locked her legs around her father's waist. She held around his neck with one hand while she reached down and guided his cock into her pussy. She sunk down on Gus's cock and said, "Oh God daddy, you filled me up and it feels so good."
Jenna turned and looked at Debbie saying, "My daddy's cock feels so naughty fucking my tight pussy and I really love him."
Debbie smiled saying, "I am just beginning to enjoy my daddy's cock and I really love it. I already told by boyfriend Joe, my daddy can fuck me anytime he wants to and I hope he doesn't get upset."
I looked over at Debbie's little tits with her light brown nipples and noticed her nipples also vibrated as she pumped on her dad's cock. I saw Gus looking at Jenna's tits as she fucked me and when he looked at me I said, "It doesn't get any better than this. We share everything in this family."
Gus smiled at me saying, "I'm learning a lot in the last week. Most of which I would like to have learned a long time ago. We are learning to love your lifestyle."
Jenna looked at Debbie before she smiled and in a quiet voice asked, "Do you want to switch cocks for a few minutes and see how good a strange cock feels in your pussy?"
Debbie looked at me and Jenna looked at Gus and when neither of us made any objections both girls let go and slid off the cock she was riding and as they were turning to make the switch Jenna hugged and passionately kissed Debbie before saying, "My dad loves to be rode rough. The harder you fuck him the better he likes it."
"I'm still new to riding my dad's cock so you will have to ask him how he likes it." Debbie replied.
Each girl jumped up at the same time and once they were locked around mine and Gus's hips they reached down and brought our cock up to in line with their spread open pussy and slipped down until each of us were buried deep inside them. Jenna was the first to say, "Damn Gus, you cock feels great in my pussy."
Jenna wiggled her hips while Gus's cock was buried deep inside her and Gus said, "OH FUCK, Jenna you feel so good when you do that. Please don't stop."
Meanwhile, Debbie made sure I was buried deep inside her and then she followed Jenna's movements and I felt my cock being milked by Debbie's pussy muscles. Looking at Debbie I said, "You feel so good with you squeezing my cock like that; it won't take me long to cum if you keep that up."
Debbie smiled at me and said, "Don't you dare cum yet, mister! I want you to pound your hard cock into my pussy for a little while and then you can cum in Jenna. I want my daddy's cum in my pussy tonight."
Gus said, "That's right baby, I've got something for you and as much as I enjoy the pussy wrapped around my cock now, it is your pussy that's going to get my load."
Both girls rode each of us hard and fast. As the girls fucked themselves on the cock they were riding they watched each other and giggling as they mimicked each other's movements. When Gus said, "You have to switch back."
Both girls moved at lightning speed and switched back to their own father. Soon all four of us were panting hard, breathing in ragged gasps until finally all four of us experienced our orgasm at the same time. As we enjoyed the final moments of our orgasms, Gus said, "Dan, Jenna, this is an experience I've never had before and I will cherish this moment forever."
Debbie smiled and said, "Thanks Jenna and Dan for a chance to do that switch. It was so different to feel two different cocks in the same fuck session."
Jenna said, "Stick around honey and you'll have even more firsts and I'm sure you will enjoy every one of them."
Finally I said, "Debbie, you have a lovely pussy and the way you squeezed my cock was something else. I'd love to have another chance to fuck you again sometime."
Gus looked at Jenna saying, "I'd love to fuck you again too. You were fantastic, but I wanted to deposit my load in my own daughter tonight."
Joe came over and kissed Debbie and asked, "Would you mind if I fucked your cousin?"
Debbie smiled at Joe and said, "Why should I mind? I've just shared my pussy with Dan and daddy and I saw you watching me, so please enjoy yourself."
Abby smiled looking between Joe and Debbie before she said, "Joe, fuck me."
Joe smiled at Abby and said, "Hop up on the edge of the pool and spread your legs. I am going to lick your pussy until you cum on my face."
Abby happily jumped up on the edge and spread her legs as she lay back on the deck and displayed her lovely bald pussy to everyone standing nearby. To give Joe full access to her pussy, Abby brought her feet up and placed them flat on the edge and then allowed her knees to fall off to each side which pulled from the sides opening her tiny pussy so everyone could see inside her. Joe unknowingly licked his lips as he moved forward and took his first lick of Abby's sweet lil pussy. Abby immediately started to pant and moan as Joe licked her open pussy and her tender clit.
By now everyone had stopped playing and started watching Joe tenderly lick Abby's pussy. There was some quiet conversation before the people started to break into small groups and move into the shallow water or up on the deck and start feeling each other up and kissing. Ted and Marion moved over to Shelly and Terri. While Shelly and Ted started kissing, Marion and Terri began kissing passionately also. Marion encouraged Terri to hop up on the edge of the pool next to Abby and spread her legs. Once Terri was in position, Marion moved forward and nuzzled Terri's soaking wet pussy before she ran her tongue up Terri's slit to her clit. Marion then sucked Terri's clit into her lips and started sucking it, making Terri hump in rhythm with Marion's sucking.
Ted had Shelly walk up a step at the shallow end of the pool and then bend over facing away from him as he lined his cock up with Shelly's lovely pussy. Ted slowly slid into Shelly and once his cock was wet with her juices he held onto her hips and started pumping her hard and fast. As Ted fucked Shelly the sound of skin slapping echoed around the area combined with Shelly verbally enjoying the hard fucking she was getting. Shelly kept repeating, "Fuck me harder Ted!"
Ted replied, "You must be a sadistic bitch because I'm ramming my cock all the way into you now, as fast as I can."
Shelly giggled and between gasps she said, "Ted, shut up and fuck me! I ain't here to be analyzed just to fuck and enjoy, got it?"
"I'm here to split this wonderful pussy of yours and bury this here cock deep in your body and make some more noise so everyone will think you're enjoying yourself." Ted said as he laughed.
Paul and Ashley walked up the stairs and out on the deck and after laying out some towels both of them lay down and embraced each other in a passionate kiss. Shortly Ashley pushed Paul on his back and moved over the top of his groin, aiming his hard cock toward her waiting open pussy. As she settled down on it, Paul groaned and Ashley gasped. Ashley ground her pussy against her brother with his cock firmly embedded deep inside her. Both of them groaned and moaned in pleasure from the stimulation.
Lisa, Becky, and Mary also moved out of the pool hand in hand and up onto the deck where they laid some towels before sitting down on them. At first they were talking to each other, but with all the sexual activities going on around them, they ended up in a three way kiss before they lay down on the deck and cuddled together. Lisa asked Mary to make love to her like she had done to Becky. While Lisa and Mary started to kiss passionately, Becky move down and parted Mary's legs and moved between them until she could lick Mary's pussy. After capturing Mary's clit, Becky started licking it as she sucked it into her mouth and gently nibbled on it. In between moans, Mary said, "Lisa, squat over my face so I can lick your pussy."
Lisa moved into position and immediately Mary used her tongue to fuck Lisa's pussy before she licked it. Just then Mary experienced an orgasm from the stimulation caused by Becky. Mary clamped her thighs tight against the sides of Becky's head forcing Becky's face into her pussy. Finally Mary released her grip on Becky's head and Becky sat up and tried to catch her breath after not being able to breathe for almost a minute.
Kim, Kevin, and Sarah walked up on the deck and each one selected a chair and sat down to talk and watch the others. Soon Sarah noticed Kevin's cock was standing up so she reached into his lap and started stroking him. Smiling Sarah said, "With all this sex going on around here, I don't blame you for getting hard, but there are two females sitting here and one of you. Which one of us do you want?"
Kevin didn't have to say a word because Kim immediately said, "Sarah, please feel free to enjoy yourself, I've already enjoyed Kevin's tool and he is really good."
Sarah smiled and stood up and bent over holding the arms of the chair asking Kevin, "Please fuck me. I've never done this where others were watching and it makes me wet thinking everyone is going to be able to see me taking your cock."
No one had to ask Kevin twice. He was on his feet and moved behind Sarah in seconds aiming his cock at Sarah's wet hole. When he started into Sarah, he moaned, "Oh shit Sarah, your pussy is so hot and juicy inside."
Sarah replied, "Oh God, Kevin, you feel so good inside me."
Off to the side, Paul and Ashley were fucking like rabbits and the slapping of skin reverberated around the immediate area. Both of them were being very vocal expressing their love for each other, also warning each other they were about to cum. Ashley was breathing erratically and gasping when she said aloud, "I'm almost there! Hurry up Paul; I want you to cum in me while I have my orgasm."
Paul sped up and matched the humping movements of his sister as he pumped spurt after spurt of his cum deep inside her pussy as she milked every last drop out of him with her pussy muscles. As they enjoyed the waning moments of their mutual orgasm, they hugged and kissed each other passionately.
One by one everyone finished their lovemaking session and the shower on the other side of the deck didn't get turned off as each person took a turn washing up. After everyone who wanted or needed a shower was finished, Kim asked me to fire up the grill and put the meat on while she and some of the other females prepared the tables and set out some snacks while they waited for the meat to be cooked. Everyone pitched in and helped to do something and when the meat was cooked I took it off the grill and put it on the tables.
Once everyone had a seat I stood up and offered a toast by saying, "I make this toast to all of you who have joined the team. May we all feel the closeness of family; forever!"
"While all of you start getting your food, I have something I want to share with you and I hope all of you will assist us. Some of you have read the newspapers and heard the reports on television about the three local businessmen who have abused some young ladies. I am going to cut to the chase and tell you Terri was one of those young ladies. Without going into any details, the three guys are out on bail and we have already heard they are searching for her to harm her. Therefore, I am asking each of you to be vigilant of any person poking around or acting suspiciously while you are working here. We introduced all of you to Mary and Shelly, but we didn't tell you they are undercover or I should say uncovered police officers who are here twenty four hours a day to protect Terri. If you see something suspicious please get one of them immediately. As long as those guys are out of jail on bail they are dangerous and we understand they have some unsavory friends who may also be looking for Terri. If anyone asks you questions about your jobs here, we would appreciate it if you not even talk about what you do for us in your employment. Kim, Jenna, and I have adopted Terri as a daughter of the Morrison family and we will go to whatever lengths it takes to protect her. If anyone has any questions, please ask them now so everyone can hear the same answer." I said to the group.
Ted stood up saying, "We will have the security gate installed on Monday and hopefully it will be fully functional by Tuesday or by Thursday at the latest. We will be making a different security code for each of your businesses to enter into the code box to get into the property. For example the four lawn care and landscaping people will use the same code and each cleaning service company will have a code of their own. There will be a series of video cameras installed around the estate so we can monitor anyone approaching the buildings from any angle. Please, don't be intimidated by the cameras, they are not here to keep an eye on any of you; they are only being installed for security purposes. Our main goal is to provide the best security possible for the Morrison family and for all of you who happen to be working here at the time. That's why I'm telling all of you while you are here, because we have nothing to hide. At no time will any of you be in any danger. I'll also take any questions if you have some."
Tony stood up and cleared his throat before he said, "I know I speak for everyone of us in our company when I say, we will do whatever it takes to make sure Terri remains safe. Since we came here to work, Terri has been that shining star we look forward to seeing. We understand the reason for the cameras and they won't bother any of us, although I have been known to make a couple of faces or wave and say "Hello, Mom" at a camera, even cameras at ATMs." Everyone broke out laughing at Tony's admission.
Debbie stood up next and said, "I love working at this place and I will do my part to make sure everyone stays safe. The only problem I find with all the cameras is now I'll have to get up a half-hour earlier to do my hair and makeup so I'll look good enough to be on camera." Again, everyone laughed at Debbie's comment.
Ashley was next to stand saying, "Debbie and I are here every day and there's nothing more gratifying than kicking some male ass, present male ass excluded of course." Once again, everyone laughed.
Ted said, "All joking aside, I think you should let the two police officers handle any problems that arise. They have been trained to kick male ass and do it very well."
Ashley asked, "When will we get our code number for the security gate?"
Ted replied, "We will give each of you a code after the gate is installed and tested. Don't worry you won't be locked out, because there will be a box next to the key pad and you will be able to talk to us in the house. The gate can also be opened from the house, so you won't be locked out if you forget your code."
When no one asked any more questions I stood up again and stated, "We are not a conventional type of family as most of you have noticed. Our family's philosophical angle is, love should be shared and Kim, Jenna, Terri, and I share our love for each other openly. We noticed some of you have experimented and are now sharing your love with each other and we encourage all of you to do what works best for you. Either way, we also understand that working nude with the opposite sex can and will cause some sexual tension or excitement so we will understand if while you are here, you take some time out to enjoy a willing partner. We have always said we don't host orgies here even though many of us were having sex in the presence of everyone else just a little while ago. We don't consider that an orgy because we insist that you have to be willing partners and not forced or coerced into having sex with someone you don't want. Unlike at an orgy is where you can join others having sex without asking. We don't allow that here. Only consensual sex between two or more people is allowed here. All that being said, we, the Morrison family, wish all of you well and hope you enjoy working here." I finished saying with a huge smile on my face.
I quickly rose part way out of my chair again to say, "Now, let's eat and enjoy!"
When dinner was over everyone pitched in and helped clean up and put the tables and chairs back in the basement. Everyone spread out a towel on the deck when they were done and relaxed with a favorite drink and just talked quietly as a group. By the end of the evening when people started leaving, everyone was hugging each other like old time friends not paying any attention whether it was female/female or male/male contact. I was so overwhelmed with the events of the day. Most everyone put on their shoes or sandals and picked up their clothes and walked out to their cars completely naked, vowing to remain naked on their way home.
Soon most everyone was gone except for Ted, Marion, Shelly, Mary, Becky, and Lisa and of course my family, when we decided to sit down and enjoy some coffee and snacks. We moved to the living room and Terri ran to the closet and pulled out a stack of towels and handed one to each person before they sat down. Then she joined Kim, Marion and Jenna in the kitchen to get everything ready.
Soon everyone was seated in the living room sipping their coffee and enjoying hand decorated fancy cookies. There was a lot of individual small talk until Ted looked at me and said, "Dan, you've been a friend of mine for a long time and I have to tell you, although I knew you and your family were nudists, I had no idea how much you share between all of you in your family like I've witnessed today. I know some of the things your family does is not socially acceptable, but I have witnessed the true love between all of you and I'm truly impressed. With the love that flows so freely in your home I have to agree with your chosen lifestyle."
Mary was the next one to say, "I was totally surprised when I arrived here last night and found a naked man welcoming me into his home and now, since last night, I feel like I am at home. Everyone here has been so nice and it's been enjoyable for me. I am going to cry when I have to leave."
Shelly piped up saying, "I second the sentiments Mary expressed. Everyone has been so wonderful to me and I can't believe even my fucking hardnosed boss is, in reality, a very nice guy."
Everyone got a chuckle at Shelly's statement but Ted was quick to counter, "I found out that a couple of my pain in the ass cops are really wonderful ladies."
Both Mary and Shelly put down their coffee and rushed to Ted and after taking his coffee cup from him all three of them hugged each other. Ted leaned back from the hug saying, "You know, we can't do this in the office but while you are here, both of you can hug me any time you want to."
Mary looked Ted in the eyes and said, "We've fucked but I want to make love to you. You are really a great guy. I have the Morrison family to thank for allowing me to see a side of you I most likely never would have seen. Marion is a very lucky lady to have you for her husband."
Marion spoke up saying, "Girls, and I do mean all of you sitting here now, I am a changed woman since coming out here to this wonderful place and learning about sharing my love. So please enjoy him whenever everyone is in agreement."
Everyone talked a little while before Ted said, "Honey we have to get going. I want to be back here early so we can work on mounting the monitors and running some of the wires. I have a machine coming early on Monday morning so we can get the cables buried from the house to the gate and I would like to have everything ready here in the house to hook up.
Ted turned to Mary and Shelly asking, "Are both of you going to stay here tonight?"
Shelly smiled and said, "Mary offered to let me share her bed. Besides, I don't think I'm ready to get dressed yet."
I looked at both Mary and Shelly saying, "We love having both of you here. And I'm looking forward to that special uniform you have for me."
Ted looked at me before asking, "Special uniform? What special uniform are you talking about?"
I smiled at Ted saying, "Maybe if you are a nice guy, and you get here bright and early in the morning, you may be privileged to see their special uniform."
Ted smiled asking, "What time should I arrive?"
Mary said, "Tomorrow is Sunday, and we may sleep in, so I can guarantee it won't be before eight o'clock in the morning."
We walked Ted and Marion to the door and watched them leave before I closed the door and locked it. Mary walked with me as I went out on the deck and checked everything and then came back inside and locked the sliding glass doors. It had been a long day so I turned off the lights and all of us walked up the stairs together and went to our separate rooms.
Tomorrow was going to be an interesting day because Kim, Jenna, Terri, Mary and Shelly decided to go visit Hanna in the hospital and I would have the house to myself for awhile.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story
by clicking on a star below:
1 Star (you didn't like it) all the way to 5 Stars (You Loved This Chapter)
Chapter 7 has had almost 29,000 readers and only 381 readers voted
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison Family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Lawn/Landscaping Crew: Tony and Patty Williams,
Tony's sisters: Barbie and Beth Williams
Security crew: Ted and Marion Johnson
Officer Mary Davis
Officer Shelly White
Terri's Friend: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown
Additional Victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House Cleaning Crew: Ashley and Paul Brennan and Sarah Green
Gus, Debbie, Abby Brown and Joe Newton
Pool Cleaner: Bill Smith
Store Owner: Harold Gordon
Salon Owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen