(Coverage of slave girls in competition. Contains body mod, piercings, humiliation, degradation, lactation ponygirls, bondage, slavery, orgasm control and more. Enjoy!)
"Welcome back to our network coverage of the thirtieth Summer Cuntlympic Slave Games," a clean shaven blonde man with boyish good looks said to the television camera in front of him. "I'm Bob Cuntas and joining me here in the studio today are Bambi Bimbofuck and Howard Cocksell. It's great to have you here Bambi."
The gorgeous blonde flashed a bright smile of perfect white teeth, licked her artificially plump red lips with her moist pink tongue and said "I like cock."
"Of course you do Bambi, of course you do," Bob replied in a patronizing tone as he turned toward his male co-host. "Howard, it's an honor to have a true legend like yourself with us today, how are you feeling about this year's Cuntlympics?"
"Thanks Bob and the honor is all mine," responded Howard, a paunchy middle aged man in a pinstripe blue suit who donned a poorly fitting toupee on the top of his head. "You know we have some incredible performers out there giving it their all for the glory of their Masters and I truly believe that each and every one of the gorgeous little slave toys out there is a winner."
"Truer words were never spoken my friend," Bob replied with a plastic grin. "First up let's go out to the field where our very own Kuntie Kumtrick is standing by to fill us in on the weight lifting competitions. How are things looking out there Kuntie?"
The gorgeous young woman in a skin tight outfit that was nearly transparent held the microphone close to her inflated ruby red lips and twirled a strand of her strawberry blonde hair around her slender index finger. Behind her was a wide assortment of stunning looking naked girls engaged in a variety of activities as numerous fully clothed judges, coaches and media personnel carried out their respective tasks.
"There's quite a commotion down here as you can imagine Sir," Kuntie answered enthusiastically as her large tits jiggled behind the see-through fabric that barely contained them. "In fact, there are a few different events going on in this category. We have pulling, hanging and stretching contests, all of which are so exciting that if I may be honest, I'm starting to get quite wet."
"A good cunt should always be wet and ready and you are definitely a good cunt. I think this is probably the first time I've ever heard you actually speak Kuntie," Bob's voice said on air as Kuntie beamed with pride. "Usually you have Matt Lewder's cock stuffed so far down your throat on the Empire Today show that only the sounds of your lips bobbing up and down his member escape that cock loving mouth of yours."
"So true Sir and if I'm being honest, I really miss not having a cock in my mouth right now. Believe me, this is as strange for me as it is for all of you at home as well," she replied with a lusty look in her bright blue eyes.
"We want to thank you Kuntie for taking that cock out of your mouth long enough to help us out with our reporting on the Cuntlympic Games, we know what a sacrifice you're making for us and we're certain you'll have that hard piece of man meat back in your mouth in no time. I see that those cunts behind you have some kind of large metal ring dangling between their legs. What can you tell us about that?"
She moved closer to a group of girls who were bound in shiny arm binders in colors that matched their respective countries. Each girl had a large, thick ring that dangled between her toned thighs which glimmered in the light. "As you can see Sirs, these stunning competitors have had heavy gauge rings installed by their owners. Now these secure rings actually pierce through the vaginal wall into the rectum and hang over the perineum. In other words, it goes into the pussy and out the ass."
"That's incredible Kuntie, but isn't there a risk of infection from a piercing like that?" Bob asked.
"That's the amazing thing about technology Sir," she explained. "The rings are coated in a special material that attracts and kills harmful bacteria, keeping it from crossing through the cunt's vaginal wall. For the competition the bands are chained to massive burdensome weights that these dazzling women pull using only the thick metal ring between their gorgeous legs."
"I understand that your Master has had some modifications done to your body to enhance your coverage of this contest, is that right Kuntie?" Bob asked.
"That's right Sir," she answered with a wide grin as she lifted the thin translucent material of the skirt that clung to her narrow hips and spread her lean legs wide revealing rows of shiny silver rings lining her pink labia and a thick heavy steel ring hanging from her vagina to her anus. "As you can see all the rings installed in the girls competing today have been securely mounted in my own pussy. It was painful going in but now that everything is healing up, the anchor ring, as we like to call the big one, can really take a lot of weight."
"Who knows Kuntie, maybe next time the games are run we'll see you out there competing," Bob said with a laugh.
"A worthless fucktoy in heat like me can dream Sir. I only exist to please my Master and if that's what he desires for me then it would of course be my honor to represent him here in these prestigious Cuntlympics." She motioned to where six naked girls were lining up in a row. "Looks like the finals are about to begin Sir."
The competing slaves formed a veritable rainbow of diverse skin tones, breast sizes and heights. Heavy steel chains stretched taut from the thick anchor ring that dangled between each of their slender legs to heavy weights on the ground behind them. The starter pistol was fired with a sound that echoed off the nearby buildings and the obedient females responded immediately, using their strong toned legs to pull themselves forward. Their bare feet dug into the ground with every difficult step as each girl's coach stood behind them and harshly whipped the soft skin of their exposed backs to motivate their progress onward. The ring between their muscular legs pulled forcefully on their sensitive pink flesh with every tug of the thick chain as they strained and groaned in discomfort.
Two girls got off to an early lead, one an African breed, the other a blonde European. The contrast of their skin tones and body types was evident as they trudged up the track side by side. A glistening sheen of sweat formed on their skin which shimmered in the bright sun as the force on the glimmering metal ring sent spikes of pain through their athletic bodies and distended the fragile tissue of their vaginas and anuses.
They were moving side by side until suddenly the Caucasian breed pulled ahead, her strong muscular legs forcefully pushing her forward. Her creamy white skin was crossed with deep red whip marks as her perineum was pulled unnaturally with each difficult step. Then the African breed caught up and passed her foe in an inspired burst of strength and speed. Back and forth this went on for the entire length of the track until at last both competitors crossed the finish line with the white girl winning by the length of her erect pink nipples.
The rest of the field came in shortly after dragging their weights behind them as Kuntie moved toward the winning female whose large exposed breasts were heaving with each panting breath as she tried to recover from her excursion. The coach of the victorious slave girl checked the exhausted blonde's anchor ring and gently rubbed the girl's moist pussy as a reward, sending her deep into the throes of arousal with half shut eyes.
"Congratulations on the win Sir, what do you think put you over the top?" Kuntie asked the coach.
"She's a good cunt who has trained hard and responds very well to the whip," he replied as he stroked her firm sweat covered ass.
"I'm sure you're very proud of her, Sir."
"Indeed I am Kuntie. Some people might look at an animal like her and think she's that just a worthless piece of fuck meat, but I disagree, she's a cherished animal who has honored her owner today and she should be feeling a lot of pleasure from that accomplishment." He leaned forward and grabbed Kuntie's anchor ring, pulling it down hard causing her to let out a loud squeal. "This is a lovely ring that's been installed in you. I always say it's the accessories that make a cunt stand out, don't you think so?"
"Yes Sir," she squeaked in discomfort. "I know how much more attractive I am to my superiors when I'm properly ringed and marked."
"If you'll excuse me, we have to get her lined up for the labia stretch," he said as he leashed the beautiful blonde by her anchor ring as if she was a lowly animal and led her to where the other females were preparing for the next event.
"As you heard the Sir mention, the next event is the labia stretch. In this event the girls have several rings embedded in their inner labia just like the ones you can see in my own pussy," she said as she spread her slender legs again and pulled her pretty pink pussy lips apart to reveal rows of shiny silver rings lining the entrance to her juicy fuck hole.
A loud horn erupted through the air and Kuntie was suddenly startled. "Looks like they just began the labia stretch, let's watch."
In front of each female slave was a judge who steadily added additional weight to the girl's labia rings, stretching the sensitive pink flesh down obscenely.
"The way this event works is that they'll keep adding weight until the labia are stretched as far as possible at which point the competitor with her pink flesh stretched out the longest will win the match," Kuntie whispered into the microphone.
A redheaded cunt with freckles covering her pale skin and a large bar code tattoo on her pubic mound was leading with her labia stretched to mid thigh, but the olive toned Latina cunt with a brand on her left tit quickly took the lead with her stretchy pink flesh nearly reaching the poor brown female's knees.
"You'll notice a striking similarity between this event and the nipple stretch that took place earlier," Kuntie continued, "In that event weights were carefully added to the cunt's nipple rings to stretch them as far as possible. Some of these girls have been working to stretch their labia and nipples for years in preparation for their chance to compete here in the Cuntlympic games and make their owners proud of them."
"Now I understand that there's a new event this year in this same category, is that right Kuntie?" Bob's voice chimed in over the visual of the pretty pink flesh of the owned slave girls stretching to obscene lengths.
"That's right Sir, this year they added a clit stretch to the menu and as you've probably already guessed, it's the same idea as the nipple and labia stretch but with the cunt's ultra sensitive little clit as the target."
"Do the elongated parts of these cunts ever go back to normal after the competition, Kuntie?" Bob inquired.
"You know Sir, after being extended that far nothing ever goes perfectly back to normal. These girls usually end up with significantly lengthened clits, nipples and labia on a permanent basis which of course is something that pleases their owners. Sometimes they'll tie the girl's parts together in a bow or put the cunts on display to show off their unnaturally long, sensitive pink flesh.
The sound of the final horn vibrated through the air as Kuntie's head swiveled behind her to where the Latina cunt was being praised by her trainer for her victory. Her elastic pink labia hung halfway down her lean brown legs in a ridiculous show of the literal lengths such owned animals go to in order to please their owners.
"Looks like we have a winner," Kuntie observed. "What a proud day this must be for her owner too. You can tell from the way her nipples are dangling off her tits that she competed in the nipple stretch earlier and if memory serves, she took third place in that competition so this victory is a really nice redemption for her."
"It is indeed Kuntie. Thank you for your coverage, you're a good cunt and a credit to your owner," Bob said as Kuntie smiled blankly into the camera.
Back in the studio, Bob sat behind the anchor desk with Howard and Bambi on either side of him. Bob turned to Howard and asked "what are your thoughts on the amazing events we've just witnessed?"
"Those fuck dolls out there are truly magnificent aren't they? They way they're ringed and the lengths they go to in order to bring pride and honor to their owners is really inspiring. Plus there are those of us who enjoy seeing the way their parts dangle around so unnaturally, it's quite erotic actually," Howard answered.
"Were you surprised by the fact that a Latin breed won Howard?"
"I'm not surprised by that result at all Bob, I mean when it comes to how far those parts will stretch, there's really no question that the Latin animals usually outperform. I was surprised that the redhead cunt from Ireland got as far as she did. We've seen time and time again that the Caucasian and Asian breeds rarely have a good showing in these kinds of events."
"So true Howard, so true, and just when I thought Kuntie couldn't be any more desirable as a fucktoy, she goes and gets herself pierced up just like the competitors, how's that for dedication! What are your thoughts, Bambi?"
The blonde girl licked her fleshy cock sucker lips and wrinkled her nose. "My pussy is wet," she replied.
"Of course it is Bambi," Bob responded, "of course it is. Next let's go down to our good friend Phil Lashio who is reporting on the team orgasm control competition. Great to have you with us Phil, how have you been?"
A short balding man wearing a plaid jacket straightened his tie and used a finger to brush the thick brown moustache that sat atop his upper lip. "Oh are we on? Hey Bob, I've been doing great, thanks for asking. So we're in the arena right now where the finals of the orgasm control contest are about to begin. In the last round the team from the United States barely edged out the Japanese to match up against the Russians for the top prize."
"You know Phil, I would have thought that those little slant eyed yellow cunts from Japan would have performed better quite frankly," Howard interjected from the studio. "They really looked like they had a shot."
"Yes they did Howard, but in this contest it's not over until the last cunt cums." Phil motioned to the area behind him where four gorgeous women sat with their legs spread and up in the air, their pussies on full display for both the spectators in the stands and for the viewers watching at home to enjoy in their full glory. Two of the owned ladies wore blue collars around their necks indicating that they were Americans and the two from the Russian team wore red collars. In front of the Americans, a couple of Russian girls knelt down and pushed their heads between the competitors' legs while two Americans knelt before their Russian counterparts.
"The object of the game is fairly simple. Each of the kneeling whores will try to bring the cunts who are spread and on display to orgasm using only their mouths. Obviously there's a lot of motivation for the cunts being licked to resist the temptation to go over the edge and cum, but you have to remember that those female animals who are on their knees are all expert pussy lickers. We all know that cunts are never supposed to cum without permission from their owners, so this contest is the perfect test of both a fucktoy's ability to resist breaking the rules thereby stealing an orgasm from her owner and a little slut's ability to pleasure another female."
"There has been a lot of controversy in this category in past games, hasn't there Phil?" Bob asked from the studio.
"That's right Bob, this event used to be rife with cheating," Phil explained. "You might recall that the team from Saudi Arabia got disqualified because they actually castrated the poor fuck sluts and removed their clits. Other teams have been caught using anesthetics and various numbing agents and you may even recall last time the German team was disqualified for embedding vibrators in the tongues of their licker cunts.
"I have to give the Germans high marks for creativity though," Howard added.
"That you do, Howard," Phil continued. "This has to be one of the most strictly monitored competitions of the games in order to keep things fair for all of the fuck toys out there."
An umpire stepped forward and raised his hand. "Okay fucktoys, it's inspection time. Tongues out bitches," he said as leaned forward to closely inspect the saliva coated tongues of each of the licker cunts who waited inches from the aromatic pussies in front of them. He then looked closely at the pussies of each of the displayed and spread girls, pinching their sensitive pink clits and gauging their reactions. Upon being satisfied that everything was in order he blew a whistle and immediately the licker cunts went to work feasting on the wet pink flesh in front of them.
"Now you may think it's simple for these fuck whores to keep from having an orgasm, but you have to remember that in addition to contending with the renowned skill of the licker cunts, as is the case with most owned females they've been conditioned by their owners to be wet and ready at all times. That means their bodies are used to being on the edge of orgasm and it shouldn't take much to push them over," Phil explained in a hushed tone as the licker girls buried their faces in the dripping wet holes in front of them. Glistening pussy juices smeared all over the smooth skin of their faces as their soft pink tongues lapped and licked at a feverish pace.
One of the American girls began to gently raise and lower her hips, bucking and grinding them against the Russian licker cunt whose head was confined between the competitor's slender white legs. Her moans became louder as the large floppy tits on her chest rose and fell with each panting breath. She closed her eyes, trying to fight the sensations that were filling her athletic body but it was no use as her muscles tensed and a loud cry escaped her plump crimson lips.
Phil turned back to the camera and said "that's the first of the Americans down but it looks like one of the Russians isn't far behind."
Indeed Phil was right. The smaller of the two Russians on display, a brunette with a slender frame and beautiful little hairless pussy was breathing heavily and whispering something in Russian as her body began to quiver and shake with intensity until she emitted a series of loud grunts and gasps.
"We're back to an even game," Phil reported with enthusiasm in his voice. "The American who got her to orgasm, a cunt called Tongue, is rightfully named and really knows how to use that pink mouth organ of hers. You know she's been a champion here at these games twice before as a licker so I'm not at all surprised by this turn of events."
Both remaining girls were starting to raise and lower their hips, bucking and grinding them against their respective lickers who continued to flicker and move their tongues with expert motions. The dark haired American girl started breathing heavily while a light sweat broke out on the shimmering pale white skin of the blonde Russian next to her. Their breathing seemed to rise and fall in unison as their eyes closed, fighting desperately to keep from going over the edge and into the abyss of orgasm.
The Caucasian bred American's muscles began to quiver but not before shallow moans escaped from the parted lips of the beautiful Russian girl. Both females were so close to orgasm, it was only a question of who would go first. The American looked like she was just about to go over, but then the Russian's moans became louder and more pronounced. The American's muscular frame started trembling as the Russian girl clenched her fists and grunted loudly.
The two female slaves were in a race of control. Who would be the first to begin her descent into the ocean of pleasure that was her orgasm and who would go home a champion. Suddenly the toned Russian girl's body seized up as the orgasm began to flow through her body. Seconds later her cries of pleasure were echoed by the raven haired American next to her as both cunts rode wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure.
"Do you believe in miracles?" Phil asked excitedly into his microphone. "Yes! The American cunt has won! The American cunt has won!"
"We can feel the passion and emotion of the scene down there Phil," Bob announced.
The visual of the American girls hugging, rubbing their naked bodies against each other and trading long, deep saliva covered tongue kisses while they bounced up and down with glee played out behind Phil as a tear of joy crept from the corner of his eye and rolled down his cheek. "This is an amazing victory Bob, you are witnessing history here and for one incredible moment we are all sharing this miracle."
"Words can't describe what a momentous occasion this has been Phil, thank you for bringing it to us," Bob said as he shuffled some papers on the desk in front of him and turned to the gorgeous blonde girl at his side. "What do you think about the spectacular finish to that event that we just witnessed Bambi?"
Bambi bit her fat lower lip and thought intensely before saying "I want to lick pussy."
"Even our own resident bimbo here has found herself inspired by these incredible competitors today just as all cunts should. I'm told we have Slave Milky Tits in the judging pavilion where the finals of the milk and pussy juice competitions are underway. Milky Tits, thank you for joining us today and more importantly, special thanks to your Master for allowing you to be here."
My udders were hanging out and on display; the metal screw on caps that covered my sensitive nipples glimmered in the light and kept my milk from pouring out of my little pink nubs in steady streams. I teetered on my shiny patent leather thigh high ballet boots that squished my toes painfully as the entirety of my small frame was perched upon the ends of my delicate appendages. I bore the pain with a bright white smile however, because it's what my owner desired and of course I existed only to please and serve my Master with all of my being.
"Thank you for having me Sir and indeed my Master who owns me completely is generous to allow an inferior fuck toy like me to help out during these Cuntlympic games," I replied into my microphone as my skin became flush from the humiliating words that escaped my lips that were painted in a shade of bright red that practically advertised my status as an owned whore in heat.
"You are as beautiful as when we saw you last on the morning show Empire Today with Matt Lewder and of course we all remember that before that you were still called Kristin when you were a losing contestant on Kneel or No Kneel," Bob described as I held my hand over my earpiece to hear him better.
"I wouldn't say that I lost Kneel or No Kneel Sir, in fact I think I won. I wouldn't have become the beautiful little bimbo fuck toy named Milky Tits otherwise, and I do love being Milky Tits," I replied as I subconsciously jiggled my milk filled udders for the viewers. I felt shame inside me every time I said my name and degraded myself, but my conditioning made me desire to please my superiors by showing how inferior I was. It was something I couldn't fight no matter how hard I tried. Rather the instinct to degrade myself and act as the sexual object I had become was ingrained in me and whatever remained of the girl named Kristin was locked away in the far reaches of my mind.
"Well put Milky Tits, I think we can all agree that you are a top shelf piece of fuck meat, even if you are a half breed, " Bob stated. "You are definitely the perfect person to tell us about the competition that's taking place behind you in the pavilion."
"That's right Sir, there are two contests going on. The first just ended about twenty minutes ago and that was the pussy juice judging contest in which the juices of the fucktoys are collected and then judged based on texture, slickness and of course, flavor."
"I've heard that you have some of the most delicious pussy juices ever produced. Why weren't you in that competition, Milky Tits?" Howard asked.
"Of course it would have been an honor to represent my Master in both the pussy juice and milk contests, but as an owned cunt I have to do what my Master commands and participating wasn't something he desired for me to do," I answered.
"Maybe he's just greedy and is saving all of those yummy fluids you produce for his exclusive enjoyment," Howard retorted.
"Careful there Howard," Bob cautioned. "You're talking about the head of our network when you're talking about her owner; the guy who signs our paychecks."
"Your point is well taken Bob," Howard relented. "So Milky Tits, what can you tell us about that pussy juice competition?"
"It was a close one Sir but ultimately the cunt from Thailand ended up taking the prize for most flavorful pussy juice while the cunt from Brazil won out in the slickness category."
"I've always said those little brown fucking machines make the best girl cum, this is just confirmation that I was always right," Howard interjected.
"Sirs, they're about to start the milk judging," I said as I motioned behind me to a row of eight girls who like me, had metal screw caps on their lengthened pink nipples which were cored to ensure that the sweet white fluid escaped their sensitive nubs in steady streams. One by one the judges made their way down the row, unscrewing each girl's nipples and letting the milk flow out. They tested the consistency, flavor and texture of each female's delicious tit juice. The milk filled cunts represented a variety of breeds ranging from the dark skinned African cunt to the pale skinned Norwegian beauty and even the Asian slant eyed breed.
"I've always thought that the European Caucasian breed of cunt had the best milk, what's your thought Bob?" Howard asked.
"Well Howard, the European breeds definitely produce a high quality milk, but I have to be honest that the Yellow Skinned Slant Eyed breeds do very well in this category as do the Latin breeds," Bob responded. "Unlike some of the clearer cut competitions, this one is very subjective and what constitutes a better milk product really depends on the judges. While we're waiting on a result, why don't you entice us with that hot little half breed body of yours Milky Tits?"
"Of course Sir, it would be my honor to entertain you and all of the Sirs at home who are superior in every way to this worthless bitch in heat," I replied with shame as I began to jiggle my udders while spreading my legs, showing off the shiny silver rings that pierced the moist pink flesh of my dripping wet fuck hole. My hand slid between my legs and I began to pull on the large steel ring that dangled from my elongated clit, my arousal growing as my pussy juice began to drip copiously from my crimson nether lips. I let out a little moan as my slick fingers slipped deep inside my wet little hole and I began to degrade myself as I had been conditioned.
"I'm such a good little whore in heat. I love having things inside my cumslut body. I'm just a worthless trio of fuck holes, oh god yes...yes!" I screamed as my fingers thrust in and out of my cock sleeve faster and faster. Sweat was beginning to form on my forehead with large beads dripping down the soft skin of my face. My pale blue eyes rolled back in my head and I became enveloped in a state of ecstasy, right on the edge of an incredible intense orgasm but not going over for I knew the punishments that would befall me if I were to steal an orgasm from my beloved Master, especially on national television.
"Whoa! Easy there fuckslut. You know better than to cum without permission from your Master," Bob cautioned me as I slid my glistening wet fingers out of my cock socket and squeezed my udders hard until they began to turn purple.
"Yes Sir, thank you for making sure that Milky Tits stays obedient Sir," I said breathlessly.
"Your tits are almost the same color as the cunts who participated in the tit hang earlier today in which they were dangling off the ground only by their chest meat. That's one competition in which the Caucasian animals with larger tits had a definite advantage over the slant eyed yellow breeds," Bob continued.
I looked behind me to see that the judging had concluded and the outcome was about to be announced. As I motioned for the camera operator to move in closer, the gray haired judge from Canada spoke for the group and stood at the podium to communicate the results.
"We have tested the milk from these cunts and evaluated it based on a variety of factors. We have concluded with unanimous results that the second place goes to the cunt from Mexico."
A small framed Latina girl jiggled her large milk filled udders with joy as her handler gently gave her a rewarding rub between her legs. The judge approached the human cow and hung the silver medal from the large gold ring that dangled from the elated girl's septum to just below her plump upper lip.
The refined looking judge of the event resumed his place in front of the microphone and continued to reveal the results of the contest. "And the best milk from our participating female beasts today comes from Sweden. Congratulations to the Swedish cunt, your Master must be very proud to own such a spectacular animal."
I saw a big grin form on the fleshy crimson lips of the blonde whose only purpose in life was to produce milk for the pleasure of her superiors before I turned back to the camera and flashed a smile of my perfect white teeth. "There you have it Sirs; the Swedish cunt's milk has been deemed the finest and she has won the gold medal in this competition, no doubt bringing honor and glory to her owner and raising her value as well I'm sure."
"I'm sure it still pales in comparison to yours, Milky Tits," Bob responded. "One of these days you're going to have to let me have a nice big sip off your udders."
"I'd be honored Sir," I replied in the most respectful and submissive manner I could. "As Sir is aware, who gets to enjoy my milk, pussy juice and saliva is up to my Master since he owns all of me and of course whatever fluids the body he owns produces."
"Of course Milky Tits and thank you again for your amazing first hand reporting. Let's take it back to the studio for a moment. What an amazing competition that was, what were your thoughts on it, Bambi?"
The platinum blonde licked her thick pornographic lips with her soft pink tongue and responded "I like to drink cock milk."
Bob smiled at his co-host and nodded his head. "Of course you do Bambi, all good cunts like cock milk."
"You know Bob, I don't know what they're feeding those Swedish cunts but this marks the third Cuntlympics in a row in which they took the top prize in the milk competition," Howard stated.
"Very true Howard. You know some classes of cunt just have better attributes for certain things than others, but they all have areas they excel in. For example, the Caucasian breeds tend to outperform as ponygirls when compared to the Asian species, don't you think so Howard?" Bob asked.
"I absolutely agree that while these cunts can achieve amazing things with the proper training, there are certain advantages that each breed possesses. As for your ponygirl example, what a great segue into our final event of the day Bob, the two thousand meter ponygirl cart race is about to start and I for one am a huge fan of these gorgeous creatures," Howard answered.
"That's right Howard, so let's go down to the track where our own Dick Buttkiss is standing by. Dick, you look like you're in heaven surrounded by all of those beautiful ponygirls."
A stocky muscular man with wavy brown hair adjusted his tan sport jacket, looked into the camera and raised a microphone to his lips. "I am indeed Bob, I am indeed," he said as he approached a beautiful creamy skinned redhead ponygirl and her trainer. Copious amounts of saliva trickled past the thick black rubber bit gag that her white teeth chomped on and splashed down to her pierced tits in long clear streams. The trainer pulled on the poor girl's reins to bring her closer to the reporter and she obeyed instantly, her heavy steel hoof boots clopping loudly on the ground with each precarious step.
Dick turned to the trainer and said "this is a stunning animal you have here, she looks like a perfect ponygirl and she seems eager to race today."
"Thank you for your compliments and she is indeed ready to win this thing today," the trainer replied. "We've been working very hard with her and she's got strong muscular legs and reasonably sized udders on this lean frame of hers, so I think she's got a real shot at a win."
"As do I," Dick replied. "Obviously she has the usual equipment that one would expect from a ponygirl such as the tail plug that stretches her anus, the leather body harness and arm-binder, hoof boots and of course the bit in her mouth and the bridle locked on her head, but what other types of equipment are you using on her that you can tell us about?"
"She has a standard issue metal dildo buried inside her fuck hole that emits a shock to help keep her focused and going at top speed. You'll also notice that as with all of the ponygirls out here today, she has bells on her septum, clit and nipple rings and we also run guiding reins to those attachment points as well. Finally this little redheaded beauty, her name is Fire Fucks, has had her udders bound."
Fire Fucks stomped her hoof boot on the ground once and jiggled her chest which had been secured with unyielding metal bands that squeezed them tight until the pale white skin of her tit meat radiated a dark shade of purple.
"Can you tell our viewers at home what purpose binding her tits like that serves?" Dick inquired.
"Of course," the trainer said as he gave her distended left tit a light slap from the underside causing it to bounce slightly. "As you can see, when her tits are bound there's not as much jiggle or displacement which improves both her balance and speed. Microseconds can separate a winner from a loser so I use every advantage I can unearth, though at this point you'll find that all of the ponygirls competing today have had their tits severely bound like this."
As ponygirls of all breeds and races lined up at the starting blocks and were secured to lightweight racing carts, it was evident that indeed all of them had their tits very tightly bound and in every case their udders were turning dark shades of red and purple confirming both the constriction of the bondage they endured and the pain and heightened sensitivity they must have been feeling.
"You have a fine female animal here and of course we all wish you and Fire Fucks the best of luck," Dick said with a smile as he extended a handshake to the trainer.
"Thank you and if you'll excuse me, I need to get my cunt here all strapped in." The trainer tugged hard on the girl's reins and walked her toward the starting line. The beautiful mare raised her toned white legs to ninety degree angles with each step before lowering her hoof boots to the ground with a loud clopping sound that also forced her bells to ring out proudly as she swayed her attractive hips and bare firm ass with every stride.
Howard's voice chimed in as the last of the ponygirls took their starting positions. "I'll tell you Dick, when I retire I would love to have a farm with a few of these beautiful pony cunts. What a thrill it must be to train them to such perfection. They truly are gorgeous creatures."
"That they are Howard," Dick replied. "Personally I'm hoping that the ponygirl ride sharing services that we've seen popping up in so many major cities will finally make their way to us. That's one traffic jam I wouldn't mind being in."
Suddenly the sound of a loud horn reverberated through the air. "That was the warning horn which means our pony race is about to begin," Dick said as he motioned toward the track where the last of the trainers were taking their places in the single seat aluminum carts that were affixed to each girl's corset harness.
A second horn sounded signaling the start of the race and the trainers cracked their whips in the air. The ponygirls dug their hoof boots into the dirt track and started moving forward. Faster and faster they went until they were in a full run. Despite their speed they kept their legs moving up to their hips and down again in perfect form, moving in unison almost as if the eight ponygirls competing were one unified creature.
An African breed took the early lead, her dark skin beginning to glimmer with a thin sheen of sweat as she took long confident strides with her muscular legs. Cumpany Whore, the blonde American in a rigid blue harness that squeezed her athletic body tightly came up on the outside. Her large bound purple tits bounced gently against her heaving chest as she took deep breaths through her nose and the metal bit that was locked between her teeth.
Behind the leaders were Fire Fucks, the redheaded ponygirl who pushed forward on her lean legs as the saliva sprayed from her locked mouth with each step and Cuntaroo, the mixed breed from Australia with a long dark ponytail that matched the tail that hung gracefully from the anal plug buried deep inside her tight little rectum. As they rounded the first turn the African's muscles began to weaken and she started falling behind. Fire Fucks made her move and quickly passed the dark beauty, running side by side with Cumpany Whore. The African fell back into the middle of the pack as Cuntaroo came around from the side to outflank the blonde ponygirl.
Fire Fucks and Cuntaroo moved closer together, squeezing out Cumpany Whore who fell behind. Around the second turn it was Cuntaroo and Fire Fucks side by side. The thundering sound of their heavy steel hoof boots rising and falling in perfect rhythm was only matched by the heavy breaths each took. Their trainers cracked their whips in the air and pressed the buttons to send a series of shocks through the metal dildos that were buried deep inside each ponygirl's dripping wet fuck hole.
The bells that dangled from the sensitive flesh of the gorgeous animals rang out proudly as they clopped on the dirt track rounding the third turn. Still neck and neck as the other ponygirls fell further behind. Their toned and muscular bodies were coated in a combination of salty sweat and sticky sweet saliva as each girl pushed herself to greatness. The plugs and dildos inside them shifted uncomfortably with each step, reminding them that they were inferior animals to be used and enjoyed by their superior owners and trainers.
Into the final stretch Cuntaroo pulled ahead, then Fire Fucks and once again Cuntaroo. The pale skin of Fire Fucks' bound body contrasted with the tanned look of Cuntaroo as they ran side by side. Their slender legs burned as their teeth gnawed hard on their bits, but still they kept going at top speed until they crossed the finish line simultaneously.
"Wow!" Dick exclaimed enthusiastically. "That had to have been one of the best ponygirl races we've seen out here in a long time. What an ending to an incredible contest!"
"It was indeed Dick," Bob's voice agreed as Dick strode toward the finish line where the last of the ponygirls were finishing their races. "So who won?"
"As you know Bob, that was a close one so it's going to be a photo finish for sure. The judges are reviewing the tape right now and we should have an answer any second."
The public address system suddenly came on with a loud squawk and a male voice began to speak. "In the two thousand meter pony cart race we have determined a winner. The second place and silver medal winning ponygirl is the pure breed Fire Fucks which means that the mixed breed set of holes and udders called Cuntaroo has won the race by a tongue length."
Indeed just as the two ponygirls were crossing the finish line, Cuntaroo cleverly stuck out her long pink tongue as far past her bit as she could muster, a calculating move that paid dividends and handed her the win.
Cheers echoed throughout the stadium as trainers, ponygirls and spectators alike celebrated the camaraderie and athleticism that defined the spirit of the Cuntlympic games.
"You can really hear the joy in the air here," Dick said breathlessly into his microphone. "Now let's take our viewers back to Bob, Howard and Bambi in the studio."
"What a thrilling way to wrap up today's coverage of the Cuntlympic games Howard, I'm still shaking with excitement."
"Me too Bob, it's days like this that I'm just honored to be a part of all we do here to show off the beautiful cunts that are so dedicated, obedient and loyal. We are living in a magical age."
"Indeed we are Howard," Bob said as he swiveled his chair in the other direction to face Bambi. "And what did you think of today's coverage, Bambi?"
The blonde girl squeezed her bare breasts and jiggled them for the camera. "My pussy is empty and it feels lonely. Bambi needs a cock or two or um, what comes after two Sir?"
"That you do Bambi and I know Howard and I and the entire team providing the viewers at home with coverage of these Cuntlympic games will be happy to ensure that your holes get the attention they deserve. In the meantime I'm Bob Cuntas and from me, Howard Cocksell and Bambi Bimbofuck we wish you a lovely evening with whatever cunts may be serving you. Good night and good fuck!"
The End.
(Thank you for reading my story. If you enjoy my writing please follow me as I release stories pretty often and I have a lot that are available here at Literotica. Also respectful comments are always welcomed and appreciated, I love hearing your thoughts. Be sure to give me a high rating if you liked it as that makes me feel good and motivates me to write more.)