Summer 1998
Ozarks
Please note all characters are 18 years of age or older.
"Tyreese," Said Jun, his redheaded girlfriend indicating towards the luggage holding lady in the low cut top, "this is Anura Chauggante-Bouilloire."
"Sup." The tall blackman said with a large paw of a hand outstretched.
Anura set down her bags to grasp his hand. Tyreese tried to pick out her words, however she spoke so fast he didn't catch a word of it.
He did however get a good look at the petite woman before him. Her skin was so white that Tyreese was convinced she was chiseled from ivory. Her platinum blonde hair was cut short and topped with a circular hat. Her eyelids were painted a very dark shade over her dark blue eyes. Her lips were painted a very bright red.
She wore over-sized blue Jean overalls and a black bra like top underneath that strained to keep her bust in. About her neck were several necklaces, that bounced in and out of her cleavage.
"Uh..." The redheaded Korean girl said interrupting her friend gushing over her man, "let's get these bags into the car."
"Oh yeah!" Exclaimed Anura excitedly.
"I'll take these." Tyreese said picking up the bags.
"Such a gentleman!" Anura said winking at Jun.
Jun gave a fake smile then shot an angry glance at Tyreese, he just rolled his eyes and mouthed 'hippies ' back at his fuming girlfriend.
The ride to the cottage was not the quiet journey Tyreese was hoping for, the two women chatted and laughed so much he half-wished he were in a war zone and not stuck in whirlwind of female noise.
As Tyreese pulled up to the cottage he rented for the week, he couldn't help but feel like he was being watched. A quick glance about revealed no threats, however when he looked in the rear view mirror, he could see Anura staring at him with her dark blue eyes.
Growing up in Detroit, Tyreese knew that reading eyes could mean the difference between life and death. Anura's eyes were saying something he could decipher, leaving him unnerved.
Grabbing the bags and walking to the cottage he spoke, "You guys can get settled in, I'll fire up the BBQ."
"What are you making?" The ivory coloured woman asked cheerfully.
"Dogs!" beamed Tyreese, "They ain't Coney, but you'll like 'em!"
Anura made a sour face at his words, Jun shrugged in reply, to which the two women started laughing hysterically.
"Hippies..." Mumbled a befuddled Tyreese.
Later over dinner Tyreese was lost again, it seemed as if the two women spoke a different language!
"We need to get some tofu for tomorrow!" Anura said.
"Muffin mix too!" Declared Jun.
"Eggs!!!" Screamed Anura.
The shriek The women made had Tyreese cringing! It was louder and more threatening than any police siren he'd heard before!
"I'm gunna do these dishes." He said excusing himself.
When he reached for Anura's plate he could see she was giving him that look again. This time however he was convinced she was pushing her tits together with her elbows, causing them to swell forth from her top.
"He's so amazing!" Tyreese heard as he walked away causing him to blush.
"He sure is!" Beamed a proud Jun in a conspiratorial tone.
Tyreese tried to enjoy some quiet doing dishes, however he could hear the women quite clearly despite their hushed voices.
"Tell me all about him!" Asked an excited Anura.
"Well, what haven't I told you already?" Jun said.
"What's he like in the sack!" The white girl asked.
Jun laughed as she playfully pushed her friend away.
When he couldn't hear the reply Tyreese held up a pan to catch their reflection in it. He could see Jun whispering and Anura giving him that look again.
Afterwards they started a fire and enjoyed some beers while listening to the radio and admiring the burning wood.
"Sorry about the tunes." He said. "I didn't want to lug all my CD's, but now I regret it."
"I don't mind the all the country music." Anura said. "It really sets the ambience!"
"Yeah!" Jun said sounding as if she didn't want to be left out of the discussion.
"How did you guys score this place?" Anura asked over the fire. "It's huge! And on the water!"
Tyreese knew how to lie fast, and re-direct smoothly. On the streets it was the only way to survive both the gangs and the police.
"I booked a one bedroom with a pull out couch for you," he said to the on-looking women. "but when I called the other day they said they'd given it away to someone else!"
"What did you do?" Asked an enthralled Anura.
"I gave 'em hell!" Declared a proud Tyreese.
The two women roared with laughter at that. Tyreese felt like a ring master as he went on.
"I demanded they give me an upgrade!" He stated standing up to shake a fist, beer spilling all about.
"So they gave you a three bedroom with a dock, boat, and... a basketball court?" Asked a confused Anura.
"You see," Tyreese said not wanting to admit that he had come across some money and owned shares in the company, "I can be persuasive... very persuasive."
He winked at Anura, then regretted it, she blushed redder than the burning logs. Thankfully Jun was taking a swig from her drink and missed the exchange.
"That's incredible!" Said Anura. "Why didn't they just refund you?"
Tyreese didn't want to go off script and like a good ring master he was ready for the next act.
"You guys ever swim at night?" He asked.
"This place really is big, how did you do it?" Anura questioned hoping to stay on track.
"Like skinny-dip?" Jun said unknowingly saving her man.
"Yeah, that." He replied thankfully.
"Nope!" Jun said with a giggle, "never!"
"I call shenanigans!" Shouted Anura. "You did!"
"I did not!" Replied Jun.
"Right after prom we all did right under the Golden Gate Bridge!" Announced Anura proudly.
"Oh I went straight home that night." Replied a sad Jun.
"Party pooper!" Accused Anura.
Jun stuck out her tongue, Tyreese adjusted his shorts, that tongue had left him panting many a time. Looking up he could see Anura eating it all up with that piercing glance.
"Ever have sex in the water?" Asked Anura.
"No!" Yelled Jun in a drunken slur.
"Me neither!" Said Tyreese between laughs when Anura pointed at him.
"How about you?" Jun asked her friend.
"Yes!" Was her reply.
Tyreese was glad he fixed himself, he was starting to get hard.
"Who?" Demanded Jun.
"A lady never tells," Anura said looking at Tyreese before giving him a wink.
"Come on!" Pleaded Jun.
"I will say it was under the Golden Gate Bridge!" She replied.
Everyone roared in delight, Tyreese had to catch his breath before taking another sip.
"Ever have someone watch you do it?" Asked a very curious Anura.
"Um..." Jun stuttered.
"Out with it!" Demanded Anura.
"Well we..." Jun said looking at Tyreese "were pretty drunk..."
"And..." encouraged Anura eyes wide open.
Tyreese was holding his breath, he knew that night all too well. To cover his nervousness he sipped at his beer.
"Well, there's not much too say..." Jun said, "it was dark, and like I said we were all drunk."
Anura threw her arms in the air in a huff, then asked Tyreese, "you were there? What REALLY happened?"
Tyreese spat his beer into the fire. He didn't want to reveal the truth, Jun didn't even know!
"Out with it mister!" Commanded the red lipped lady from across the fire.
"Its true," He said sticking to something like the truth. "The other couple went at it in the other bed while we did in ours."
"No way!" Anura exclaimed.
"Oh it happened!" Bragged Jun.
"Any swapping" Anura teased.
"What's that?" An innocent Jun asked.
Anura waited To see if her friend was trying to trick her before answering
"It's when the men switch partners..." She said probing for details.
"Oh no!" Jun declared indignantly.
Tyreese tried not to spit out his beer a second time, he didn't want to admit that it totally was a full swap. He fucked Jun's friend that night and another man did his girlfriend.
"Tell me everything!" Demanded Anura.
"I'm getting another drink." He said rising forgetting how invested in the discussion he was. "Anyone need one?"
"Whoa!!!!" Pointed Anura as she fell out of her chair laughing.
Confused the tall blackman looked to his girlfriend who was wiping tears and also pointing... at his crotch.
Looking down Tyreese saw what all the mirth was about. He was tenting mighty fiercely in his shorts.
"Ya'll is fools!" He said as he did an exaggerated waddle, his dick swinging back in forth.
The two women were slapping knees with full tears at his silliness. He too laughed as he sought the fridge.
He wanted badly to return to the ladies, a three-way was never on his mind until this moment. Jun liked to do kinky stuff with him, but definable not with others; even the night of the swap she was very drunk.
Heading to the bathroom he worked on his plan.
'Skinny-dip follwed by splashing and... threeseome!' He thought as he tried to pee downwards with a penis pointing upwards.
When he returned he paused for a moment to listen in to feel the mood. Knowing when to take a shot or make a pass was a crucial skill in basketball... and in life.
"Come on!" Begged Anura's voice.
"I said no already!" Laughed Jun in response.
"I'll watch quietly from the doorway, you won't see or hear me!" She pleaded.
"No way!" Said Jun in a laugh.
"Come on!" Anura said starting the process again. "I just want to see that big meaty stick of his!"
"It is big!" Jun said with outstretched hands, "but the answer is still... no!"
"Jun..." her friend begged, "all the boys back in San Fran are soooo.... Small!"
Jun chuckled at the pinky Anura wiggled.
"Well I wouldn't know!" Jun said crossing her arms in a fuss. "I also don't want you staring at me!"
Tyreese had no idea how he'd talk his bones down as he stood in the dark listening.
"Jun!" The platinum blonde whined, "we've showered together! I've seen you naked!"
Jun opened her mouth, but Anura cut her off to say, "I even know where your birth mark is!"
Tyreese gasped! He didn't know that Jun had a birth mark!
The women looked around suspiciously then started laughing.
"Come on out!" Jun said.
"Boner boy!" Anura added which started the crackling again.
"I'll be there in a moment!" Tyreese said in a faint voice hoping to sound further away.
He could hear some frantic whispering, with the word 'riding' said a few times follow by 'I don't know...', which was Jun's usual way of caving in.
Tyreese ran to the fridge and popped some ice in his draws to cool his passion!
Getting mentally ready, he didn't want to mess it up.
"Hey ladies..." Tyreese said in a deep romantic voice.
"I'm tired." Jun said ignoring him, "let's go to bed."
Anura looked up at Tyreese with that look. He couldn't read it at all!
"Okay..." He said still in his voice.
"Cut that out," Jun snapped at him as she got up and left.
"You deal with her," Anura said, "I'll put out the fire."
Tyreese opened his mouth to say something about Anura's hometown and fires, but decided to check on his girlfriend.
"Tyreese...." Came a soft voice.
Tyreese's ears perked up! Jun sounded like she were in trouble! He lowered his centre of gravity and grabbed an umbrella as an improvised weapon.
He approached their room swiftly, and without a thought he quickly opened the door to dash in. He didn't know what the threat could be!
'Thieves? Or bears?' He wondered as he scanned the room.
"Tyreese..." She called.
'Bathroom!' He thought as he moved towards her voice.
"Dang-it!" He said setting down the umbrella to help Jun.
His redheaded girlfriend was getting sick in the toilette.
"Leave me alone..." Jun said later in bed after cleaning up.
Tyreese tried not to huff; he did want Anura to watch him in action, maybe even have a three-way! But he was just as happy that she hadn't been attacked by a gang of raccoons.
Sleep took him quickly, he slept lightly and fitfully. He could feel eyes on him, but... not in a threating manner. Growing up in Detroit; one only gathered stares leading up to an attack. Cheetahs watched gazelles, not elephants.
Opening an eye partial he scanned his room, he could feel eyes on himself!
'Were the raccoons real?' He wondered as he slowly looked about.
'Ah...' he thought to himself when he saw it.
Anura was watching them, or perhaps watching just him. She wore one of his old white t-shirts. In the low light it was transparent, he could make out her pink nipples. She looked at him with that stare; however this time he knew what it was, it was a glare of sexual hunger!
Satisfied that there was no threat he shut his eye and went back to sleep.
Waking the next morning, Tyreese was alone in bed, he could hear the shower going and assumed it was jun.
Stretching he shook the cobwebs from his mind, what a night!
"Bears and racoons indeed!" He mumbled as he dragged himself to the bathroom.
With a steady arm on the wall he commenced with reliving himself. He could hear Jun nearby using up all the hot water, he knew he was in for a cold one after her.
"Jun," said a voice, "can I borrow your..."
"Sup." Tyreese said over his shoulder.
"Oh sorry." An innocent sounding Anura said.
"Meh." Was his grunting reply.
"Oh..." Was her reply when all she saw was his back and not a view of his over-sized anaconda.
He didn't see her embarrassed face as she retreated.
"What was that?" Jun asked.
Tyreese shook three times then flushed.
"Aaaahhh!!!!" Screamed his girlfriend.
"Ah!!!" Anura screamed at the breakfast table, "what are you doing!!!"
"I call it ketchup," Tyreese said before changing his voice into an approximatation of a San Francisco accent, "but I suppose you call it catsup?"
Jun howled in laughter at the exchange, she long ago became accustomed to her boyfriend's eating habits.
"I know what it is, but what are you doing with it!" She said disgusted, "ketchup and eggs should never mix!"
Tyreese raised a pinky finger to show just how classy he thought he truly was as he put more on his scrambled eggs.
"You put catsup on... Coney Hotdogs, but eggs is revolting?" He asked with emphasis on the catsup.
Anura was aghast at this and said nothing. When she opened her mouth to shoot a zinger in reply no words came out. Jun and Tyreese chuckled loudly at this. Stunned Anura couldn't help but join in on the laughs.
Afterwards Tyreese took the girls grocery shopping then to a local beach for a swim. He had long since forgot about the events of the previous night.
Tyreese wore his usual garb, his prized basketball jersey and black shorts. The ladies sundresses of differing colours. Tyreese had found it odd that both of them had their bra straps showing; something very unusual for Jun.
"You guys go change, I'll stay here with our stuff." Tyreese said setting down their beach gear.
The women looked at each other, then without a word they pulled off their sun dresses.
"Don't get a boner!" Anura said.
"Boner boy!" Jun said tittering.
Tyreese expected them to be nude under the dresses until he saw their bathing suits underneath! Jun wore a dark tanned bikini, a shade darker than her olive skin; Anura had on a red with white polka dot top and bottom. Her ivory white tits heaving out the top.
"What? How?" He said surprised.
"Why didn't you just wear your bathing suit?" Anura asked.
Tyreese didn't have much of an excuse as he spoke. "Didn't cross my mind. Back home a beach day was when someone popped open a fire hydrant."
The platinum blonde Anura frowned at his words, not sure what to say.
Jun did as she spoke up, "You go get changed dear, we'll wait for you."
Ten minutes later he returned and once again felt the spy, he could hear them whispering as he approached. This time he didn't bother to stick around to listen...
"How big is it?" He could begin to hear Anura say.
"Yee-haa!!!" He screamed as he ran between them and into the water.
"Ahhhh!!!" Screamed the girls together before getting up to join him.
The three of them splashed at each other amongst the crowds before the two girls swam off without him.
"Come on Tyreese!" Shouted Anura over the group of swimmers around them.
"You go ahead." Jun said before Tyreese could make another fire hydrant statement.
Tyreese was content to wade in the water to cool off, the afternoon was hot!
"Hey babe!" Jun said swimming into his arms.
"Hey to you too!" He said pulling her into an embrace.
Around them dozens of people swam, splashed and chatted, it was loud but to Tyreese holding his woman in his arms the noise was nothing to him.
Jun kissed him, which was not a surprise, however when she grabbed his manhood and not his hip he was.
"Oh?" He murmured into her lips.
Jun didn't reply as she ground her body into his. Tyreese pulled his face back to catch his breath, and to see if anyone was watching.
Despite having a dozen people within a dozen feet, none were looking at them. Nearby was a water volleyball game and on the beach a stereo was blasting. Further out boats passed and swimmers entered and exited the water constantly.
"Nice!" He said grabbing her hips and pulling her close.
Jun ground herself into Tyreese the two of them moaned in passion. As hands explored one another above and below the water.
Tyreese moved his head from Jun's lips to admire her neck, despite the heat he could feel goosebumps exploding across her body. He knew his girlfriend well enough to know she was ready for more... much more.
"Tyreese!" Jun hissed when he reached between her legs to pull down her bikini bottom.
There was no response from her sex hungry boyfriend. He hooked the bottom over her ass cheek, then moved his finger to locate her moist slit.
He then moved his hand to undo the tie to his shorts, then tugged them down to free his uncoiling snake.
The water was dark, even if a person were to look down they would see nothing.
Despite it Being his first time having water sex, Tyreese figure he knew what to do, keep quiet and most importly be fast!
Judging that he was hard enough he lined his thick ebony rod with her pussy.
Tyreese was surprised that even though he was in water well above his belly button he still felt... wetness as he rubbed his penis along her vagina looking for the proper hole.
"Almost there..." Jun said between gritted teeth.
"Oh!" She moaned as he got the head in.
He could feel an obvious change in temperature on his dick. The top of his shaft was warm; whereas the bottom was cool.
Jun stiffled a laugh as he struggled to get deeper. He grunted in determination as he pushed inch after inch into her petite vag.
She squeezed his shoulder in sexual delight; cumming was not a chore for her at all!
When he was certain that he had enough cock inside her he stopped to kiss her. Around them people splashed and laughed, they saw and heard none of it.
Not wanting to lose momentum he proceeded to fuck her slowly. Jun at first enjoyed being being a human sex doll, but she didn't want her man to do all the work.
Her legs intertwined with his giving her leverage, and using her arms to raise her body she took over.
Tyreese stood there both excited and dumbfounded. When he first met Jun, he assumed she was all looks and no... work in the bedroom.
He'd met many a fancy babe that had laid there enjoying the efforts of a man above or behind them. A woman who was both smoking hot and able to ride was worth much more than her weight in gold!
She had this odd trick where she would do three to five pumps then grind deep into his lap. When she was raised up, it put all the sensation on his cock head, then when she pushed down it overwhelmed his penis.
Staying on his feet seemed a challenge all it's own! Soon however he got a feel for the waves as they fucked.
Tyreese tried not to squeeze Jun as she overwhelmed his senses. If he were a pressure cooker, he was ready to explode!
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Jun said into his ear.
He could take it no more!!!
"Urghhhh!" He grunted burying his head into her shoulder.
Jun's face seemed to be a deep red, as Tyreese assumed she was holding her breath. He could feel his own swimmers being fired upwards into her warm womb.
They stared into one another's eyes with shock and disbelief, it was as if they had both won the lotto and couldn't believe it.
Jun broke the staring contest when she started to laugh. He too joined in between deep breaths.
"Wow!" He gasped.
"What?" She said incredulously. "You started it!"
"I did not!" He protested, still buried to the hilt inside her.
"Yes you did!" She insisted, "you moved my bottom!
"Oh... yeah..." Tyreese said knowing when to hold em, and most importly when to fold. He didn't want to fight over who started sex in a river surrounded by people!
They laughed some more then kissed again.
"You are so sneaky!" Jun said slapping him on the shoulder.
"I guess I am?" Tyreese blushed.
He had fucked before with an audience, but not one with strangers. It felt both exciting and exhilarating!
"Hey guys!" Came a voice nearby shocking them.
"Hey Anura!" Jun said as slid off his slick dick without so much as a blink. "Good swim?"
"Sure was!" She said, "So different from the ocean!"
Tyreese tucked his cock away as discretely as a guy with an eight inch erection could with shorts that couldn't cover it in the least.
"Try drinking the water!" Jun said treading water.
Tyreese tried not to admire both women's tits floating in the water, he didn't want his erection to persist.
"That's foolish!" Anura said, then dove under.
Jun shot him a dirty glance, looking down he could see his cock head near the water line. He needed to try harder with his draw string.
"Its fresh!!!" Anura declared resurfacing.
"Weird isn't it?" Jun said.
"Very!" Anura agreed.
Tyreese just stood there trying to be invisible. He grew up next to Lake Michigan, water for him only had one taste there and it was awful!
"I'm hungry!" Anura declared, "let's have those sandwiches!"
"Sure!" Jun agreed as they swam to shore.
Tyreese didn't move.
"Tyreese, you coming?" Anura said in a teasing tone.
"I'm good." He said not wanting to admit he'd already come.
"What's the matter," Anura said teasingly, "got another boner?"
The two women howled with laughter at Tyreese whilst his erection bobbed in the water. He wasn't mad, he just got laid. What he really wanted was a nap, however something was off.
"Boner boy!" Jun said before giving Anura a high five on the beach.
That was the tall black man needed to figure it all out! He was set up! Anura was watching them fuck in the river!