Today was the all-day sex ed class for 18 year-old students at Westlake Academy. Miss Smith's all-girl classroom filed in from lunch and were surprised to see their young, sexy red-headed teacher standing naked at the front of the class with the school's studly gym teacher, Mr Johnson.
Miss Smith had a tight, fit body with pale skin from head to toe and what looked like D cup breasts and pubes that were trimmed into a little heart. The girls in front could smell her arousal.
Mr Johnson had a strong effect on most of the girls. He was muscular and tan from head to toe with blond hair bleached from sun and chlorine, and almost no body hair. His cock was completely erect and producing precum.
Not only were they naked, but the class realized they had put on baby oil to make their model-esque bodies shimmer like satin.
Miss Smith explained that they would now begin the lab portion of the class-
"... which is to demonstrate how a man properly impregnates a woman. By the way, you've all been dosed with sexual hormones during lunch and it should trigger an uncontrollably horny feeling. Don't worry, that's exactly what we want."
She handed a thermometer and clipboard to Mr Johnson, who went around the class reading all the girls' temperatures. Miss Smith explained:
"A woman's temperature is measurably higher than her baseline when she's ovulating. Remember, that mean's she's literally 'in heat' and can conceive a baby. We can confirm this with a disposable test kit. We will also verify the potency of our breeding stud, Mr Johnson."
She loaded a sample of Mr Johnson's sperm onto a microscope connected to the projector. Some of the girls started to openly grope Mr Johnson while he was occupied with his task.
The screen lit up and the girls oohed and aahed at the cloud of strongly swimming sperm. Miss Smith walked the class through how to do a sperm count. Together, they verified that Mr Johnson had well over 300 million motile sperm per milliliter.
Mr Johnson handed a list to Miss Smith, who called up a girl named Amanda to stand naked at the front of the class.
Amanda was a highly athletic blonde girl who played soccer for the school. She had a toned, lean body and muscular legs. For 18 years old, she was quite a specimen.
Once she stripped down, Mr Johnson got out the bottle of baby oil and lovingly spread it onto Amanda's breasts and pussy. She shamelessly fondled Mr Johnson back, massaging his balls and stroking his cock, which profusely leaked precum all over her. She aimed his cock so it pressed into her pelvic area and she looked up into his eyes. She seemed to know what was coming.
"Since Amanda is currently ovulating, she will now mate with Mr Johnson to demonstrate human reproduction. She'll carry the baby to term and give birth later this year during class."
He pulled her sideways into a kiss, with one hand on her butt and the other on her belly, right where a baby would grow. He savored the feeling of the mother-to-be. When they broke the kiss, she just bit her lip while he led her to a cot set up at the front of the room.
Amanda took her place on the cot, laying back with her butt up on the pillow. She guided his cock as he got into position with her legs over her shoulders and slid his 8" cock home into her pussy.
He put all his weight onto her pelvis and leaned down to kiss her as he bottomed out in her. He was already just a few strokes from orgasm. He just slowly rubbed their slick bodies together and basked in the initial penetration. His cockhead flirted closely with her cervix.
Then he slowly stroked in and out of her from root to tip a few times before freezing inside her again. Amanda remarked that his cock grew a bit and started to twitch, but no semen was coming out.
"Mr Johnson is edging himself so he can have the biggest orgasm possible inside you Amanda. The more stimulation you give him and the longer he waits to cum, the more sperm he'll squirt into you. Remember girls, sex is for reproduction only, okay? So don't use birth control or condoms ever, and never let boys pull out. Try to make them have the biggest orgasms they've ever had inside your pussy, especially when you're ovulating."
The words were being taken in by the precocious, hormone-drunk girls like they were being brainwashed. They'd never be able to have sex or cum again without thinking of making babies.
Miss Smith continued, "Amanda, he's also wearing something in his butt that presses against his prostate and gives him lots of extra stimulation when he moves. The thing in his butt is connected wirelessly to what I call the 'orgasm button' on my smart phone. When I press the button, it's more than enough stimulation to make him orgasm without even touching his penis. Doing it while he cums will greatly increase the volume of his ejaculation."
"Miss Smith, is Mr Johnson really making a baby in me? Doesn't Mr Johnson have lots of babies already?" Amanda asked.
"Yes Amanda, you're really about to become a mother. And that's right, Mr Johnson loves to breed. He wants to have as many babies with young girls like you as possible."
Miss Smith explained how Mr Johnson has free range to mate with any of the 18 year-old girls in the school, none of whom are provided birth control or condoms.
The nurse keeps track of every girl's cycle and Mr Johnson uses this information to seduce several ovulating girls every school day. He usually brings them to his office and "shows them how to make a baby" by having unprotected sex and cumming in them. Mr Johnson has fathered over a thousand healthy offspring in only 5 years at Westlake Academy, and he hoped to keep it up until retirement. Successfully impregnating Amanda would just be another day at the office for him.
"Most of the girls Mr Johnsons breeds wind up single, teenage moms. Oh well. They all say their babies were they best thing to ever happen to them though. Don't you want to experience that too Amanda?"
"Well... oof... If it's really that nice to make a baby then I guess I'll give it a try." Amanda cautiously agreed as Mr Johnson continued to plow her.
Miss Smith put a vibrator to Amanda's clit, which drove her to the start of a chain orgasm within seconds. The aphrodisiac was overwhelming Amanda's reasoning skills and making it effortless to cum now.
"Good, I was hoping you'd say that. Mr Johnson is going to try to make you pregnant now. When you feel him tense up like before, squeeze his penis as hard as you can so his cum squirts deep inside you. We don't want to waste a single drop. I'm pressing the button now."
Just after that, the butt plug pressing on Mr Johnson's prostate started to buzz and gyrate intensely. Amanda could feel it through his rock hard cock. Spurred on by the sudden and intense stimulation, he jackhammered into Amanda for a few big, quick strokes before slamming balls deep into her, their bodies cemented together around the base of his dick and her clenching, spasming mound.
Mr Johnson shut his eyelids tight and his whole lower body shook. A mind-breaking orgasm overtook him as he deliberately impregnated the high-school aged girl under him.
Amanda felt his whole groin and lower abdomen throb against her butt in time with what felt like a garden hose hitting the back of her pussy. Mr Johnson was squirting so much and so hard against her cervix that it hurt. Mr Johnson pulsed cum into her like that 8 or 9 times before his orgasm started to fade.
His reproductive organs completely emptied themselves into Amanda. He stayed deep inside her to plug the sperm in and let it finish seeping into her.
"Remember girls, you have to let a boy's sperm flow into the back of your pussy and stay there for at least twenty minutes." Miss Smith explained, "That's because semen comes out as a gel which makes it hard to remove. Then after ten minutes it liquifies to allow the semen to flow deeply into a woman's tubes, where the egg is usually fertilized."
"Am I pregnant now Miss Smith?" Amanda asked.
"Your egg might be surrounded in sperm, being fertilized as we speak. If it isn't, it will be soon." Miss Smith replied while pointing at the sample of Mr Johnson's sperm.
It looked like the sperm on the microscope slide was piled on top of each other, the genetic material was so dense. Amanda imagined her egg in there. If there was one waiting in her womb when he came in her, she had to be pregnant.
"However, implantation must occur for you to have a baby, and chances of that aren't 100%..."
"Oh, so you mean if I don't get pregnant this time, I can try again with Mr Johnson?"
"That's exactly right Amanda, we're going to make sure you get knocked up."