This is a continuation of my earlier story, Watching Him Cum Made Me Show Myself, so in order to enjoy this one better, I suggest you guys read that first. This story will first cover last incident from previous story from my POV and then will continue with the next incident.
*************
I can't stop thinking about her since last few days. Just last night I had masturbated thinking about her when I saw her in the black nighty.
I was lost in all such thoughts when I heard a sound from her house. I turned in that direction and saw that she was bending to pick up something, maybe she dropped a glass or something. The more she bent, more her thighs were visible to me. Her thighs were so smooth and milky, I just wanted them to see from near and absolutely naked.
Suddenly she bent a bit more and her nighty stretched out and I realized that she wasn't wearing any panties underneath. Her hips were somewhat visible and I craved to see more of her. I wished she would take it off and I could see her nude.
She then stood up, switched off the lights and went to sleep. And I stayed awake thinking about her.
-----
The very next day I asked my mother to put up curtains in my room. I wanted to see more of her and at the same time didn't want to get caught.
In the afternoon, I went to my room and locked it. I was completely lost in her thoughts when I saw her standing in her room. She was wearing a black jacket and navy blue pants. She was slowly pulling the zipper of her jacket. I realized that this was the moment I was waiting for. I pulled up the curtains so that she wouldn't catch me looking at her and stood there.
In no time her jacket was off and she was unbuttoning her pants. Slowly she unzipped her pants and began sliding them off. With every moment her milky legs were showing and I was completely enjoying it, after all this is what I was wishing for just last night.
Just when she was sliding her pants down, I too pulled down my tracks and boxers and took my throbbing hard dick in my palm. I was softly stroking it, watching the beauty getting naked before my eyes.
While taking off her pants, she turned around and gave me an opportunity to look at her beautiful ass. She was wearing very skimpy panties which were hardly anything to cover her ass. It was a mesmerizing sight and my pressure on my dick increased. I was highly excited and was stroking it well now.
By now she had completely removed her pants and was facing my room. Standing there in just white shirt and blue panties, she was looking simply amazing. Just when I thought that this would be all, she started unbuttoning her shirt. Yes, I would now be seeing her breasts. This is going to be a huge day for me.
She had opened just three buttons when she had stopped. I don't know what she was thinking and before I realized she bent down for some reason. And the scene I saw next simply blew me away. Her bra cupped breasts were completely on display to me. I could see her bra straps coming down from her shoulders and connecting to the bra cups which were covering her mounds.
The cleavage that I was seeing was one of the best I had seen in such a manner. The valley was quite deep and sexy. Her bust was quite big and was not fitting completely in her bra. More than half of her breasts were on display and I wished she would take it off so that I could see them with ease. It was a miracle that I had not exploded by now.
She picked up her pants, sat on her dressing table and unbuttoned her shirt completely. She then started taking off her ear-rings. The way she was taking time, did she know I was watching her? Was she playing a game with me? I was thinking all this when she in a swish took off her shirt and threw in on the bed.
Now she was sitting in bra and panties. She was wearing a jet black tight strapped bra which was in quite contrast to her white complexion and was looking majestic. The bra had hooks at the back and my hands were itching to open them up.
After few moments, she unhooked her bra, and slid the bra straps off her shoulders. Wow she was sitting now only in her panties and how I wished she would turn and show me her breasts.
Maybe she had dropped something on the floor, because she then bent down to pick up something. But my eyes were all concentrated on her breasts which were clearly visible from the sides. From the side view, her left breast was half visible. I could not see it completely and her nipples were also hidden from the view. I wished that she should slip from the chair and fall down so that I could see her breasts. Alas she didn't slip and sat back in upright position.
Watching her body on full display, I was vigorously shaking my dick and I knew that it won't be long before I cum. And she on the other side didn't know that I was cumming for her. Or maybe she did.
Just when I thought I would cum, I saw her taking off her panties and I somehow controlled myself. She slowly slid them off and while she was bending to take them off, I could see her ass crack line very clearly and a bit of her side breasts. This was more than enough for me and I exploded in my hands.
My cum was all over my hands and was dripping on the floor. The pleasure was simply immense. I was completely exhausted and thought of taking some rest as she also now draped a towel and went in the bathroom. Maybe next time I would be luckier and would get to see her entire breasts and nipples.
----
A week had passed by since I had seen her almost naked. I had seen her many times in night after that but she always wore that black nighty and didn't show much. In all these days I had often wondered if she was putting on a show for me or she absolutely didn't know I was watching her.
More I thought about it, more I was convinced that she was showing herself to me. The very thought simply turned me on and I decided to be bold and straight the next time we would see each other in the room.
----
It was Saturday evening and I was sitting in my room. I went out to get my pen drive which contained the latest movies. When I returned, she had just entered in her room and I started to watch her. Her eyes also fell on me and she stopped. We both looked at each other and smiled. In that moment I realized what she had been up to last week and decided to take it further. This would either make my life or would simply drift her away from me.
I went back to lock my room so that my mom wouldn't come in accidently and pulled the curtains apart. Maybe by now she had also realized my intentions. I pulled up my chair and dragged it to the window and sat on it. She was still standing on the other side looking at me.
By hands I then carved out her figure and pointed out to her that she was very beautiful, her figure was very sexy. She started blushing and I then pointed out to her that what I was going to do next was only for her. I don't know whether she understood or not but by the looks on her face I think she did.
I then slid off my tracks along with my boxers and pulled out my dick for her. She did look a bit surprised but not disgusted. She didn't budge off but stood to look at it. And it was confirmed that whatever had happened in last few weeks, both of us knew of each other's intentions.
I then pushed the chair a bit closer to the window, took off the tracks and boxers completely. I then put both my legs on the window and pushed them apart. Due to this she got a better view of my lower ass, my balls and rock hard dick. This view is the one which is liked by most of the girls on webcam as it shows quite a lot and even when I shake my dick, it is visible perfectly.
I resumed stroking my dick looking at her and she also stood there looking at me. After good 5 minutes when I thought she was not much interested in taking this further, I decided it would be better to cum now and leave.
Just when I had almost given up, I saw her hands move. Both of her hands moved down and held the hem of her t-shirt. With swift movement she started taking off her top. With every moment passing I could see more of her body. I could clearly see her navel with her belly button in the center. It was absolutely sexy and I couldn't wait to see more.
When she moved her dress further off, her lower breasts covered by her pink lacy bra was getting into sight. Slowly her cleavage and bust was out and I could feel my dick getting harder. And then her dress was off and she was standing in her bra. It was a magnificent sight and I wondered if she would take off her bra this time.
As if to answer my question, she moved her hands back and unhooked her bra. Slowly she took off her bra straps from her shoulder and let her bra drop to the floor. I was simply amazed by her body and had almost cum.
It was the first time I was seeing her breasts completely naked and what a sight it was! Both of her mammoth breasts were on display and they were so white and sexy, I had never seen such beautiful breasts in my life. The shape and size were absolutely perfect and appealing to the eyes. Her areola was not too dark, just a little brownish highlighting the most sensitive part of her breasts, her nipples. They were a bit dark brown and quite hard, a bit pointy. She was definitely excited to see me stroking for her.
She then started to press both of her breasts with her hands, kneading them like dough. She was getting me all excited and hard and ready to shoot. She placed her hands below her breasts and pushed them up and started to lick them. I was getting super excited now and I knew this way I won't last long.
Her melons were now all wet and so was my dick with the pre cum flowing out of it. Both of us knew that I would shoot any moment. She then proceeded to take her nipples in her mouth and made them wet. She pinched them till they were reddish and kept licking them. She slapped her breasts, pulled at her nipples and shook her breasts up and down.
She was thoroughly enjoying playing with her breasts and teasing me while doing so. She was doing everything with her breasts that I had always wanted to do.
The very next moment I exploded. I had shot my cum straight at the windows. The quantity was quite huge and it was still shooting when I let it off. The last remains of cum dripped on the floor as I sat there appreciating the beauty on the other side.
To be continued...