Bachelor Behavior - Part 5
by Simon Underfoot
Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved
Day 9
With my other workout buddies gone, it was just Kat and me in the exercise room. Thanks to the skill of the production crew, my conversation with Gloria and her investigative activities through the night stayed hidden, so there wasn't any sort of awkward confrontation. Even so, Kat mostly let me be, but did give me a wiggle or a shimmy anytime she caught me looking her way.
"Did you not sleep well?" she asked as I finished.
I shrugged and grinned self consciously, wishing I was better at hiding my emotions. "Not so much."
She nodded and reached a hand down to help me up, then forgot to let go as we walked to my apartment. I expected her to lead me to the shower, but instead she stopped at the foot of my bed. "Will you hold me?" Relieved, I nodded, glad I wouldn't have to decide whether sexual intimacy was out of bounds. She stripped down, then crawled under the covers.
Kat was incredibly sexy all the time, and one might think I'd have had sexual thoughts percolating, but all I could focus on was the heartbroken expression on her face. Laying behind, I wrapped her up in my arms. I don't think she cried as she curled up, but her entire body was tense for a long while; it was only with sleep that she finally relaxed.
We both woke when Gloria entered the room; Kat's tension returned immediately. Feeling it, I decided to intervene, even though it was me that had pushed the first domino. "Can we have a few minutes?" I asked the EP.
There was a longish pause before Gloria nodded and left.
"Thank you, Kai," Kat said softly. I squeezed her for a long moment. A couple minutes later and she was sitting at my kitchen table, dressed in the robe Gloria had left at the foot of the bed.
"I was not supposed to fall in love." I didn't say anything, but I did make a gesture of futility with my hands, to which she nodded. "I wanted so badly to be on the show... to meet you. They told me I made it very far, but not beyond the last round."
"Because you don't want kids."
Kat nodded again. "When they changed three of my answers about children, my score became much higher. They told me one of the ten highest."
I sat silently for quite a while, staring off into the unseen distance. "If the goal was to win, why didn't you just lie? It would have been easy."
"No, I would not lie to you. I told you, I fell in love."
"You were hoping I wouldn't figure it out?"
She gave me an affectionate smile. "You are too hard on yourself. I knew you would come to understand what happened, and then we would have this talk."
Confused. Frustrated. A bit angry. I was feeling all torn up inside. She was supposed to be rationalizing or justifying or denying. "So now what?"
"Now I leave."
"Just like that?" I felt like I should argue, tell her to stay.
She rose and took two steps to stand next to me. "Thank you, Kai." She leaned down and squeezed my shoulders. I stood up suddenly, pulling her to my chest and lifting her well off the floor while I pulled her tightly to my chest.
"I wish --"
"I know," she interrupted while hugging me back just as hard.
It was more than a minute before I set her down. "Anything, anytime."
Kat nodded, offered me a genuine, sad smile, then walked out of my life.

~ ~ ~

I spent ten minutes pacing around my apartment aimlessly, then went back to the exercise room where I exhausted myself over almost three hours, jogging, riding, and rowing, determined not to think about anything. When I got back to my bedroom after showering, Steph and Merci were waiting for me with a robe and two very big hugs.
We ate lunch with Gloria, gourmet salads with salmon from a local cafe.
The ladies carried the conversation throughout the meal, mostly small talk mixed with general trivia about the city of Chicago. As I finished, Gloria's demeanor changed from casual to serious. "It's time, Kai."
I nodded and took a deep breath. "Thanks for being patient with me this morning. I take it you figured out what happened?"
She nodded. "What Kat told you was the truth." I hadn't doubted her, but it was reassuring to hear. "We figured out who falsified the test scores and will be taking legal action."
I held up a hand and shook my head. "Not necessary."
"Actually, it is." There was no give in Gloria's delivery, and she didn't explain further.
A took a deep breath and let it go slowly. "Is that it?"
"No." She gave me a long moment -- or maybe it was to build suspense for the audience watching live. "Savannah and Amy-Lynn were part of it, too, although we're pretty sure the three of them didn't know about each other."
"Fuck me," I groaned, putting my head in my hands. "This show was such a stupid idea. I should have just gone to a bar like a normal person."
Somebody punched me in the shoulder; I looked up and was surprised to see it was Gloria. "Not funny."
"Come on, Gloria, if it wasn't for Merci and Steph, this would be a disaster on the scale of a runaway train."
She folded her arms and glared at me. "Don't you keep telling me that the only thing that's important is finding the right woman?"
I gave her a hard look as the words worked their way through my funk, then turned to the two blondes. Merci looked concerned, her ever present empathy immediately softening the shell I had been trying to build around myself. Steph appeared a tad saucy, like she was even less pleased about my bar quip than our EP.
I stood suddenly, surprising all three of them. "Gloria, you are one hundred percent right." I paused for effect. "Thank you," I added more softly. "Steph, Merci, how would you like to walk around the city?"
~ ~ ~
Gloria managed to book a bus tour on short notice, and since only having a handful of people on an entire bus is ridiculous, we were joined by the entire crew -- with the exception of the broadcast team who were stuck working, the others were all there, from security to the makeup artists (which I didn't even know we had). I spent three hours between my beautiful suitors, chatting and joking and relaxing with them and the rest. It felt almost normal.
Until Merci decided to misbehave. At least she covered me with a jacket so the crew couldn't see her fish my cock out of my fly and start jerking. I remember my eyes going wide -- if anything, I would have thought the little firecracker from Texas to play the bold one, but apparently my British lover was feeling frisky. Within five minutes everyone on the bus knew what was going on, as was evident from the furtive looks they kept giving us. Stephanie ignored the whole thing for a while, but she was smirking the entire time.
It wasn't long before I felt the conclusion approaching. "Merci..." I warned in a stage whisper. She smiled at me, then winked as she started to lean over. The delay gave Steph an opening, which she rapidly took, pushing off the jacket and swallowing my head in a single smooth movement. I'm sure Merci was surprised, but she kept up her motion, jerking my dick into her rival's mouth. What's more, in apparent retaliation for stealing her thunder, Merci put her other hand on Steph's head, not pushing, but holding it in place while they forced the cum up and out.
There was an explosion behind my eyes and people on the sidewalk probably heard my bellow.
The bus erupted in cheers and good-natured jeers while I was coming back to myself. "I'll get you back for that," Stephanie promised Merci quietly with a wicked grin as she sat up.
"I think I would like that," Merci whispered in return.
"Holy shit," I managed, looking back and forth between the two, who were still sizing each other up.
~ ~ ~
Mandy and her bandaged hand were waiting for us when we got back after dinner, and it was immediately clear that she was on the outside looking in. It wasn't a conscious decision on my part, but there was a distance that hadn't existed before. The details here aren't important -- she didn't cry, but I did, and as I hugged her goodbye I made the same promise I'd given Kat. I hoped she'd take me up on it someday.
The door closed and it was the three of us -- so much had happened in just over a week. "What now?" I asked, a bit at a loss. The ladies looked back at me, then at one another; Steph grinned while Merci blushed and turned away. I sent Steph a silent question.
"Since you don't have anything in mind," she said coyly, batting her eyelashes at me dramatically, "Delicious here agreed to do what I tell her tonight, as payback for her little blowjob stunt earlier."
Merci's cheeks warmed further as I looked at her in surprise. "Really?"
She nodded, then leaned close to my ear; even whispering, I could hear the husk in her voice. "Go along... please?" When I pulled back, there was a faux innocent expression on Merci's face, her eyes wide and pleading; then she sent me a wink that was somehow filthy in its message.
"Okay, then," I said, adjusting myself and standing, "where to Mistress Stephanie?"
Steph started to say something, then paused. She bit her lip, looked off into space for a moment, then smiled, a feral, self-satisfied, overtly sexual look that caused Merci's expression to take on a note of concern. "I'll be back," she said before spinning and vanishing out the door, leaving Delicious and me wondering what sort of erotic thoughts were dancing through her mind.
The good news, I guess, is that she was back inside of ten minutes, the exaggerated strut showing she'd been successful at whatever it was her task had been. "Did you know, Kai," she started sweetly, walking a circle around the couch on which Merci and I were cuddling, "that Gloria's team has worked really, really hard to keep from showing any of us completely nude? Oh, there's been the occasional slip here and there -- a nipple or two, maybe even a bit of bush -- but full frontal..." She shook her head dramatically. "None at all." She kept circling, not looking at us, a sexy smirk fixed in place.
I shrugged. "No, but I don't really care. Is that important?"
"Maybe not to you," she replied, then stopped her circuit to stare down at Merci. "How about you, Delicious -- are you ready to be naked in front of millions of people?" She turned to look at me. "Picture it, Kai," she said slowly, drawing the words out, "thousands and thousands of couples watching together while we make her scream. Men stroking their cocks until they cum; women playing with their pussies until their legs are quivering -- all of them wishing it was them in the room with this gorgeous blonde bimbo." My busty blonde Brit had started squirming against me, subtly grinding her hips under our shared blanket; she let out an involuntary, partially muffled moan, interrupting Stephanie's taunting and freezing the expression on her face.
It was silent for a moment before Stephanie spoke. "You little slut," she said softly with a combination of surprise and admiration. "Here I thought I'd one-upped you..." Peeking up through mussed hair, Merci shivered, shrugged, and gave Steph a coy look that wasn't at all apologetic; Stephanie sat down in the chair, flummoxed.
After a brief struggle to disentangle herself from the blanket, Merci sat up and patted my hip. "Kai, can we nip your living room for a little while?"
I'd never been evicted from my own space before, but it was clear the ladies had something significant to discuss, so I made my way into the bedroom. I was patient for about five minutes, but since I suck at being still, I gave way to temptation and grabbed my tablet.
I started with some of the early news articles and reviews, then worked my way forward. Whatever I had pictured regarding the show's success fell far short of actuality. For the last two days, average streaming viewership -- average! -- was over three million globally, with the US and England leading the way. The orgy (I cringe using that word) by itself drew almost nine million, which is simply obscene, especially considering the footage shown was anything but.
An entire niche economy had sprung up around the show, including fan sites, discussion forums, and even odds on several sportsbooks -- Stephanie was currently listed as the -125 favorite, but what surprised me most was that they had Gloria at 100 to 1 -- thinking critically about it, she deserved to be closer to 25 to 1, and I said so aloud for the benefit of anyone watching.
There were, of course, plenty of trolls hating on me, the women, or the show in general, but there were also wonderfully heartwarming snippets to be found. Each of the ladies had adoring fans that would extol their wonderful attributes, and I managed to find several sweet anecdotes from people that claimed to know or have interacted with them.
When the ladies came back in the room, I actually did a classic overly dramatic double take -- I couldn't help it. Mistress Stephanie wasn't wearing leather, but she was dressed in a black negligee with matching thong and shiny black heels, which clicked loudly on the hardwood as she led Merci by a long leash.
"Where did you get that?" I asked, pointing at the silver collar the Brit was wearing.
"Oh, please," Steph said with a haughty chuckle, "that's what production assistants are for." She dropped character for a moment and winked at me, then turned her attention to Merci. "Up, Pet," she said, tugging the leash lightly until our treat for the night was standing. Merci's hair was disheveled and her shoulders were slumped in reluctant acceptance, but her makeup was absolutely perfect and her eyes were excited.
"Bed, Pet," Stephanie said, giving another light jerk on the leash, which Merci quickly obeyed. "Stay."
"You apparently came to some sort of agreement then?" I asked hesitantly.
"Don't worry, Kai -- it's all part of the fantasy."
"What fantasy?"
"Remember how you were trying to figure out how Merci fit with the rest of us?" I nodded and Steph walked over to me, leaning up against my side and placing my hand on her satin encased breast. "Merci is an honest-to-God exhibitionist. The thought of millions of people seeing her tits gets her all kinds of worked up; she also has a thing about giving up control. So," she said, turning to look up at me, "we are going to make love under the covers while Merci gets herself off to give the audience something to look at."
I might have objected, but Merci let out a genuine, deep-seated moan at hearing Stephanie's explanation, and moved her hand to her pussy.
"Bad, Pet," reprimanded Stephanie with another jerk on the leash. "Be patient or we'll tie you up and make you wait even longer."
Faux chagrin and excitement fought each other on Merci's face and Stephanie rolled her eyes. "Eager little slut," she said affectionately under her breath. "Get into bed, Kai, before Merci and I lose our minds."
"You're enjoying this whole thing?" I asked with not a little surprise.
Stephanie shrugged, then reached over and rubbed Merci's calf. "I've always liked to be in charge. I don't normally play games likes this, but something about it is rather... appealing. And she is so damned beautiful." In response, Merci pushed hair from her eyes and blew Stephanie a kiss while I wrapped my arms around our former hostess.
"So are you," I offered, tugging her around the side of the bed.
In just a few moments, Stephanie and I were under the sheet stripping off our clothes -- wouldn't want the audience to see too much, after all. We started kissing slowly, like we'd done the night before. As the passion picked up Steph broke away. "Play, Pet," she commanded affectionately, staring up into my eyes as she spoke the words. Behind her somewhere Merci let out a mewl.
Stephanie and I moved together, exploring, learning, to the soundtrack of Merci's self pleasure, until I found myself poised above her, my cock nestled between her lips. Somehow, she had known when she used those words -- "make love" -- and as soon as I pushed inside, I realized it as well. Our eyes met and she smiled. It wasn't a smirk or a grin or a leer, but a from-the-heart smile that made my chest feel like it was seizing up. I came almost immediately, overwhelmed by emotion rather than physical stimulation. In the background, Merci grunted her climax.
Day 10
I wouldn't say I skimped on my workout, but I did keep it on the short side, since I'd left two women sleeping in my bed. They were gone when I returned, which wasn't much of a surprise, so I hopped in the shower, then dressed. When I emerged from my bedroom, they were sitting together at the table looking lovely; it was immediately clear something was wrong.
"Good morning, Kai," Stephanie started, her voice tight.
I walked forward quickly, picking up the petite blonde and squeezing her to my chest. "Good morning!" I responded a bit too loudly.
"You big goof," she replied into my shoulder with a giggle while pulling herself closer. I held her for a long moment before setting her down, then turned to Merci, who managed a squeak before I gave her the same treatment.
"Now, why do the two of you look so upset?"
"Not upset, Kai, just... nervous," Stephanie responded. "We have something important to talk about with you."
"You're eloping?" I said it as a joke to put them at ease, then raised an eyebrow when Merci flushed and Steph bit her lip.
"Not exactly..."
I leaned my head back and laughed, despite the uneasiness building in my gut. I couldn't help it, because my little blonde looked so damned cute, like she'd been caught with her hand in the cookie jar. "The two of you want to be together?" I kept smiling, but the queasiness was growing.
Stephanie stood and made an odd face, somewhere between confused, pensive, and upset. She took two paces, then stopped, unsure what to do with her nervous energy. "We don't have a name for it, but we share a connection -- a strong one. It's something like deep affection and friendship and a little bit of, um, sexuality."
"Like sisters... with benefits?"
She rolled her eyes. "That is wrong on every single level... but also strangely accurate," she admitted with a reluctant huff as she sat down again. She looked at Merci and then back to me, but I didn't know what to say, so we sat quietly while waiting for my brain to process the revelation.
"Congratulations, I guess."
"That's it?"
"Honestly, Steph, I'm not really sure what else I can say. I'm really happy for you both. Disappointed for myself, I guess--"
"Wait!" she interrupted loudly, her eyes wide in surprise and panic. "We want to be with you -- the three of us -- together." Next to her, Merci was nodding earnestly, her beautiful eyes wide with concern.
"Oh... I like that much better." I smiled as relief flooded through me, a wonderful, unexpected endorphin rush that left me a bit lightheaded. Then I frowned. "Can we do that?"
"It is your show."
"That's a good point," I acceded. "You know Gloria's going to be pissed."
"Maybe, maybe not," Stephanie replied cryptically. I thought about following up, then let it go.
"And what about you, Merci?" She smiled and I swear my heart skipped two beats -- was it possible I was in love with two women?
"I just want to be yours."
"She means ours," Steph clarified, putting her hand on Merci's shoulder possessively. "Yours and mine."
Again, I thought about challenging our former host, but passed on the opportunity with a smile. "So what should we do now?"
"Breakfast," suggested Merci.
"Excellent idea," Steph responded with a smile powered by relief, rising and walking to the bedroom. "You two can eat first."
Denouement
We spent most of that day, the tenth since our social experiment started, exploring one another physically. It's incredible to think that things came together so quickly.
Day 11 was mostly outdoors under a beautiful Chicago sky -- we finally explored Lincoln Park and ended up signing autographs for more than an hour. Not surprisingly, the girls had many more fans than my goofy ass.
The next day we stayed in, but it wasn't really about sex -- we talked and lounged and cuddled. We made meals together. I even took them both down to the exercise room, and while neither had done any lifting to speak of, Stephanie regularly did yoga and Merci had some experience with Pilates, so we all had things to teach and to learn. Oddly enough, I came out of it the worst off since it was two days before my glutes stopped hurting.
It was on Day 12 that we found the rhythm that set precedent for the next four weeks. Past the pure infatuation stage, the three of us agreed we should take advantage of the relative isolation the show provided to build up our relationship, and Gloria agreed.
Stephanie was right, of course, when she implied our Executive Producer was just fine with the way things turned out. With some structured guidance, the show pivoted from finding love to growing it, which played well for the daytime crowd, evidenced by our beating all but the biggest soap opera in ratings; to be fair, it had a forty year head start on us. In the evenings it was more wholesome programming for families, from board games to city adventures to live commentaries on movies. Nights brought content for a more mature audience.
Despite Steph's goading, Gloria's team had still only shown Merci from the waist up during her public masturbation session, so while the entire world now had a visual record of her spectacular bosom, it was only Steph and I that were treated to her entire physique. For a while.
Each Friday, the production crew got a little more risque.
Starting with Day 21, viewers got full nudity, in the shower, through steamed up glass.
A week later, Stephanie dropped her towel after a shower and the camera didn't cut away. The internet damn near melted as "Stephanie Perkins pussy" became the most searched for phrase over the course of a couple days -- I like to picture dozens of techs at a server farm somewhere running around frantically trying to figure out how cool their machines from the surge in traffic.
The following Friday, our last on the show, was the big leap. Merci spent the entire day in a state of high arousal and had two extended sessions back in her own apartment pushing a dildo in and out of her impatient pussy while Stephanie and Gloria made preparations. As for me, I fell asleep on the couch watching a Cubs game.
Gloria invited the three of us to have dinner with her at a high end steak and seafood place, so we got all dolled up and hopped in the limo she'd procured. Our destination was on the other side of the city, so we spent the forty-five minute ride chatting about our whirlwind journey, the ladies that had left, and our expectations for the future -- anything except the elephant riding in the car with us. I didn't think about it until later, but Gloria was providing the audience with some closure as we wrapped up the show, a semi-organic interview, as if old friends were reminiscing together.
The locale turned out to be a private residence in a gated community boasting two serious looking security guards with holstered sidearms. Parked in the mansion's huge circle drive were more than a dozen cars; Gloria just smiled at the questioning look I gave her when a liveried footman opened the door. Mingling inside, waiting for us to arrive, were about forty of our closest friends from the show.
There was a shout from across the room, then Kat and Mandy were next to us, all smiles and happy chatter; I got a quick hug from each before they were pulling my blondes away, leaving Gloria and I to watch after. I was truly stunned to see them and it took my mind half a minute to catch up.
"Hello, John," Gloria said shortly afterward as the lead scientist from Aristotle Analytics walked up, looking like he was afraid I would throttle him; noticeably absent were his two brunette colleagues. He apologized to me for the situation with the falsified test scores, and I was a bit surprised to find that it didn't rankle anymore. Point of fact, if not for the deception, I wouldn't have met Kat, which would have been one of the great unknown tragedies of my life.
Yes, the two women had been fired for cause. Yes, they would be sued for breach of contract. Yes, they had forfeited their stakes in the show, as had my three suitors. No, there wouldn't be any criminal charges -- it was a business matter, after all. I argued gently for Gloria to let it all drop, but she held firm.
As soon as we got through the unpleasantness, John thanked me for the opportunity to participate in the project, then humble-bragged that he'd also found someone through the show. It turns out Yoga Girl -- remember her? -- had a thing for smart, slightly goofy guys, and the two of them started seeing each other shortly after she had been cut from the show. "She's wonderful," he told me with a smile; I laughed and shook his hand, wishing them the best of luck, because I knew he was absolutely correct.
Next came a pair I didn't know. "This is Madeline and Max," Gloria said, performing the introductions. "They are the ones that run our broadcast team."
"I'm so sorry," I said cordially, shaking their hands. "It must have been terribly tedious watching us all flounder around day after day, trying to figure things out, especially at the beginning. And I can't imagine having to be there, night and day."
Max chuckled while Madeline blushed; I gave Gloria a questioning look. "They used to rotate shifts, but for some reason, Madeline volunteered to stay on nights starting about a month ago."
Even while blushing harder, Madeline folded her arms and dared me to say something with a look. She was dressed in a modestly cut black dress, her slightly graying brown hair framing a cute face with a button nose. I smirked. She fought to control a smile, then lost the struggle as it broke into the open. "Will you be working tonight, watching us?" Her eyes snapped open in surprise -- I guess I'd broken a taboo in pointing out the elephant that had been following us all day -- she nodded slowly. I held her eyes for about thirty seconds, then gave her a grin. "I'm glad." The poor woman wasn't sure what to say and soon led Max away.
I was able to shake a few more hands before a chime sounded, announcing our meal. Through a tall wooden archway we found a huge dining area, its size placing it somewhere between a room and a hall. Two large tables were placed side by side, and Gloria ushered me to the head of one, seating herself on my right; on the opposite end of the other table were my two ladies, bracketed by Kat and Red. I shot them a question via telepathy (just a raised eyebrow, actually), and they responded with nods and bright smiles.
The entree options were prime rib and oysters, so I obviously chose the beef; I was mildly annoyed when a dozen slimy little buggers were laid in front of me instead. Laughing, Gloria explained that I was going to need all the stamina I could get, and besides, who wanted the meat sweats from a giant slab of beef? For reference, it didn't stop her from ordering the choice I wanted, and several times during the meal she met my eyes as she played up her enjoyment of the food, occasionally licking her lips and letting out contented little mewls. By the time we finally finished, my cock had been semi-hard for almost an hour. No, I didn't hide it as we stood; no, she didn't blush or turn away when she saw my pants tenting; yes, her eyes were intense as they met mine again.
She didn't say anything as she took hold of my elbow and led me away from the table with my dick wagging obscenely for anyone to see, nor as she took me up the enormous staircase and down the hall lined with impressionist prints. "Here's your stage," she said, opening up the double doors to reveal what had to be the master bedroom.
Bright, happy colors bracketing the windows; plush cream carpet; the biggest bed I'd ever seen, smothered in at least twenty pillows of various shapes and sizes. To the left, a table covered in various items. "Seriously?" I asked as we approached.
"Best to be prepared." I recognized the crops, blindfolds, and handcuffs, of course, as well as the strap-on dildo, but there were at least a dozen items I couldn't even guess at. She led me to the opposite wall where a matching table held massage oils, lubricants, and perfumes; stacked neatly on the floor were half a dozen different sized wedges covered in leather. "To get the best angle," she explained; I shook my head disbelievingly and she pointed over my shoulder.
High up on the wall, above the bedroom's entry door, were three enormous televisions mounted side by side; two of them showed live video of me and Gloria looking up at them from a couple different angels, while the third was only white. "We'll have three feeds going out live," she said, pointing to two fixed cameras, then picking up a mobile one from the table behind us; the third screen immediately changed from the white of the ceiling to a rather unflattering angle of my face.
"Somebody's going to be in the room with us?"
"Or you can use it yourselves," Gloria replied noncommittally.
"Okay, sure," I responded with a shrug. "But why have the TVs?"
She smiled -- her predatory one that always gave me a set of warm chills. "A gift for Merci... so she can see what the world is watching."
Epilogue
"All set?"
"Sure thing, Boss," Madeline responded distractedly as she watched an outgoing feed. "Lights down in five, Folks," she called more loudly to the seven other people in the production booth.
Gloria nodded, watching the now experienced team do their final preparations for what promised to be an epic night, one way or another. To her knowledge, live streaming full-on sex had never been done at this magnitude before. She looked to the screen on the wall, set high so everyone in the booth could see their streaming number: it was already above fourteen million, which would have seemed preposterous three months ago, but viewership had grown week-by-week through the entire run.
Final checks done, Madeline sidled up, close enough to whisper. "Everything okay? I can't remember the last time you watched from the booth."
"Just a bit nervous," Gloria admitted.
The smaller woman nodded and let out her own anxious breath. "I just sent Steph a text -- they should be starting soon." After an eternity of at least three minutes, Kai finally walked into the bedroom, still dressed in his tux. He looked nervous, but he always looked a bit nervous -- it was part of his charm. Across the booth, someone let out a dreamy sigh; Gloria nodded toward the noise. "Heather," Madeline whispered, answering the silent question. "She's got it pretty bad."
"Don't we all," murmured Gloria, to which the broadcast head chuckled. On the feed, Stephanie and Merci made their entrance.
"Holy shit..."
"Calm down, Matt," Madeline chided at the masculine voice somewhere behind her, "you've seen it all before."
"Not dressed like that," the production assistant groaned; Madeline rolled her eyes and looked at Gloria, whose attention was fixed on the nearest monitor.
"I'm with the kid," said the EP, her voice husky. "They're something else tonight."
Stephanie was wearing black leather chaps and an open leather bustier, which pulled her overlarge tits high on her chest while exposing her glistening lower lips; her hair had been pulled back severely and braided; black lipstick and dark eyeshadow had been professionally applied. Contrasting sharply was Merci, who was wearing a diaphanous white robe, a black leather collar, and a nude face; her hair was left entirely free.
Merci, already breathing heavily, was led toward Kai on the end of a jet black leash, crawling demurely. "Up, Pet," said the former host, and Merci climbed onto the bed, eliciting a gasp from several of the production crew.
"That's new," commented Madeline dryly, referring to the bright blue jewel peeking from between the blonde's plump cheeks. "I guess we know what she has in mind for tonight." Merci moved up the bed to Kai, then began to undress him. His socks went first, obviously, then she moved further, dragging her breasts along his leg until she finally reached his groin, where she began to knead his erect dick through the thin material. As he moaned, Steph stepped in, stealing his breath with a deep kiss.
Minutes passed as the women staked their claims, one above, the other below.
When Merci released his cock from its confinement, she rolled to the side, holding it up clearly for one of the fixed cameras to see. She looked right into the lens, then bent forward and licked the tip; from the front of the booth came a shuddering moan.
"Heather again," Madeline said, slightly breathless herself. "She's always the first to cum."
"So your idea about turning off the lights really worked -- the crew is comfortable... you know?" Gloria asked sotto voice.
"More so every night. If you turn around, I guarantee Matt's got his cock in his hand right now."
"Have you...?"
"With him? No. He's twenty years younger than me... nice dick, though."
"Yes, it is," Gloria replied, but she was talking about what was happening on-screen, where the two blondes were now passing Kai's swollen member back and forth.
The two women stared at the huge monitor in front of them, rapt; another feminine voice in the booth moaned. Snapped from her trance, Madeline bumped Gloria's shoulder and pointed to the streaming number, which was still climbing.
"Holy shit!"
"Easy, Kai," laughed Stephanie as her blonde compatriot continued to massage his balls with one hand while fellating him. "We've still got a long way to go."
He groaned. "Please, please, please, let me cum."
"Ah, so sweet," Stephanie replied affectionately, flicking one of his nipples. "Want to try some of the toys?"
"I really don't think that's a good idea."
"Nonsense," she said, already bringing back some kind of vibrator with a bulbous head. "I'm sure you'll like this." As she flipped it on, the violent buzzing made him start; Merci giggled around the head of his cock as it started to vibrate.
A masculine grunt sounded behind Madeline. "If you pass out and hit your head, I'm not reporting it to OSHA, you hear me?"
"Yes, ma'am," came the delayed reply. "Let me just get some paper towels to... never mind."
Gloria shook her head at the exchange, which nobody else seemed to find odd. "I can't believe they can play with themselves and still do their jobs."
A quick, amused chirp escaped from Madeline. "If anything, the product's gotten better," she said quietly, to which Gloria nodded. "We may be the first show to ever win an Emmy and an AVN award."
"Unbelievable..."
"Of course we are," Stephanie replied with a smile as she watched Merci lower herself onto the cock she was holding upright. "Try to last," she added encouragingly, her smirk only a little evil as she turned the vibrator on again.
"Fuck."
"Right? Seriously though, Gloria, that could be you in there right now getting hammered. Why'd you tell him you were married?"
"The show had to come first." Seeing her coworker and friend roll her eyes, Gloria bumped the smaller woman's hip with her own. "I mean it. It took Kai weeks before he would stop looking at me with puppy dog eyes."
"I wouldn't have minded."
"I didn't say I did, just that it wouldn't have worked if he was mooning over me and not the other women."
Madeline didn't reply for a minute, then nodded. "Yeah, but it would have been nice to be part of that," she said, nodding at the monitor where Kai was frantically pounding into Merci from below while Stephanie pushed fingers into her own spread pussy.
"You know what... you're absolutely right." Gloria shrugged off her suit jacket and laid it over Madeline's shoulders, "and I'm going to find out."
"Gloria, you can't!" hissed the broadcast head, her face panicked. "What will the girls think?"
The EP laughed, unbuttoning her shirt to reveal a lacy white camisole beneath. "I didn't mean tonight. Steph invited me to join them as soon as the show wraps."
"And Merci?" asked Madeline in a whisper.
"She tastes like honey," Gloria responded with a wink as she pulled out and sent a quick text from her phone. "Besides, Kai's going to have plenty of stimulation tonight. Kat and Mandy were waiting in the other bedroom for my go-ahead."
"You didn't..." the smaller woman accused, as appreciative as she was appalled.
"Oh, please -- what do you think the four of them spent dinner talking about? They're going to absolutely blow his mind."
"Then why the... you know?" Madeline asked, indicating Gloria's liberal take on business appropriate attire with a timid wave.
The EP grinned as she slid into the nearest chair and lifted a toned leg on to the armrest. "Just doing as the Romans do. Join me?"
Madeline's eyes flicked adroitly between the three feeds, one of which was now moving as Kat picked up the camera; the product going out looked great, as did Kai's cock pistoning in and out of a keening Stephanie. A quick glance around the booth showed her team was focused, even if most of them were doing their jobs one-handed. Without the need to switch feeds, there really wasn't much for her to do, and she looked to Gloria indecisively.
"You remember earlier when he asked if you'd be watching?" Gloria reminded her with a smirk. Madeline nodded, her life suddenly surreal. "I think he would like the idea of you getting yourself off while doing your job. Maybe we can tell him about it together."
"Oh, fuck."
"Shut it, Matt, and get over here," Madeline said without turning around as she slid down her skirt and panties and leaned over the nearest desk, pointing her wet pussy at the young man.
"Isn't that harassment?" teased Gloria.
"He's an unpaid intern," moaned Madeline as the twenty-something slowly slid his cock into her pussy. "Not even a real employee -- ooh!"
"Careful, Mads," laughed Gloria, pumping her fingers in time with the production assistant's rapidly increasing tempo. "He's in the driver's seat now."
"Goddam right."
"Shut up, Matt," Gloria and Madeline said together.

~ ~ ~

"So what's next, Kai?"
The big man gave the room his characteristic, slightly goofy smile and shrugged. "We go home." On his left, the busty Brit leaned her generous curves into him, smiling warmly while surreptitiously placing a hand on his groin. On his right, a more petite blonde sat smirking, her arms folded to push up her impressive cleavage.
"What does your father think of this whole thing?" another reporter asked.
The man laughed. "I talked with him this morning. He told me he's jealous as hell and he'd take one of the blondes off my hand." The petite woman snickered and her smirk switched sides.
"What about you, Stephanie -- any regrets?"
The woman looked at the other two occupants of the stage and smiled broadly. "Fame, fortune, and family -- what more could I possibly want?"
Afterword:
Thank you for taking time to read my story -- I would love to hear what you thought, so please consider leaving a comment or sending a note.
Cheers,
Simon