This is the prequel to "Perfect Picture" and will be a multi chapter story. This is a work of fiction and all characters are consenting adults over 21. I want to thank everyone for their feedback on Perfect Picture and that encouraged me to continue this story. I especially want to thank NadiaLove17 for her incredible dialog, plot and story ideas and dancing_to_gallifrey for her editing and tightening my writing they both made this a much better story.
Chapter 4
A Night out
I dressed Cindy with one goal in mind, to show her off and make it a very erotic evening. I picked the slightly transparent Smokey colored bib for her top. The bib had a string tie around the neck and one across the back that came to a point several inches above her navel. Her skirt was a translucent color, was low riding, and had a very short mini loin cloth with about an inch gap between panels. The panels were joined together with an inch wide piece of Velcro on each side. The outfit left her back, belly, and most of her legs bare. Under the lights of the hotel room, Cindy was almost naked. You could clearly see her hard nipples and stunning tits through the top. Likewise, the glistening outline of her cunt was visible.
I completed the outfit with her silver locking bracelets. I thought of a couple additions, and I sprinkled some glitter around her pussy and then inserted some Ben Wa balls in her cunt.
After I had dressed her, she looked in the mirror and then came over to me, put her arms around my neck, laid her cheek on my chest, and said, "Master I have never looked or felt so sexy and beautiful. Does your slave please you Master?"
"Oh yes my pet, you are stunning and every man within a mile will be watching you move. Pet, don't let the balls come out of you."
"Yes Master."
I wrapped her in a long cape, clipped it at her throat and off we went.
We entered the restaurant and we were shown to a table towards the back and I asked, "Do you have anything more central?"
"Yes we do sir," the waiter said.
We were moved to a table that was almost in the middle of the restaurant, right under one of the main lights. It was perfect for the occasion. As we were walking around, the Ben Wa balls were having a field day inside of Cindy's wet cunt and I could see her shutter every few minutes. I stood in front of her and undid the clasp of her cape, took it off, and draped it across a vacant chair. I heard gasps all around us as they saw the vision in front of them. The backless bib and translucent mini skirt had all turned transparent under the harsh light of the restaurant. Cindy's nipples were hard and pointed, very visible under the bib, and her glistening pussy lips were highlighted by the glitter.
I whispered in her ear, "My Pet, I want your bare bottom on the chair, so flip up the back of your skirt."
"Oh Master, I feel so wickedly sexy and very wanton right now," she whispered back.
She sat down and I took the seat next to her. I ordered wine for the both of us and a light dinner. After her dinner and second glass of wine Cindy was leaning over the table, toying with her hair when I leaned over, caressed her softy muscled back and untied the bib string in the middle of her back. The bib swung down towards the table, revealing her spectacular, full breasts to the entire restaurant.
This was also a test to see what she would do and my Pet was perfect. She didn't move, but let me display her to everyone, but she did shiver with excitement and her nipples puckered and hardened even more.
She moaned quietly, "Oh master, I almost came when you did that. I am ready for you to take me right here if my Master desires."
Now I moaned, "Oh pet you are the sexiest, most beautiful woman in the room and they only have eyes for you my Pet."
"Oh master take me home and make love to me," she whined.
"The night is young my Pet and I have more in store for you."
"Yes my Master and my love."
"How about dancing my wanton sexy slave?"
I think she suspected something and I saw a shiver pass through her bare belly, but she said, "This slave will do whatever her Master desires of her."
I paid the check, and as she stood, I noticed her chair was dripping with her pussy juices. I could smell her fragrant juice and I knew that some people would have fun with that chair later. I walked over and dipped my fingers in the juices pooled in the chair, then brought them to my mouth and licked my fingers. One lady gasped aloud.
I wrapped Cindy in her cape and we drove to a dance club down the street. I knew this would get those Ben Wa balls moving. We paid and found a secluded table. I sat down and motioned for her to come onto my lap. She eagerly snuggled in my grasp and we shared a long and sensuous kiss with some nice tongue play.
"How is my Pet enjoying the evening so far?"
"Oh Master, I feel so beautiful and sexy tonight, but after you displayed me to the restaurant I desperately wanted you deep inside me."
"Come my Pet, let's dance and display you some more."
"Yes my Master."
As she stood, I couldn't resist and lifted the back of her skirt to give her ass a good swat. She gasped and then turned around and attacked my mouth with a ferocious kiss.
"Oh Master, I need you ... I need you inside me," she husked.
"Then let's dance," I said as I led her on the dance floor. We danced to the back of the dance floor and with her back bib string still untied, Cindy was getting plenty of lustful stares as her bouncing breasts and swinging bib would alternately reveal and cover her world class tits. We danced through three songs and Cindy was starting to have a crowd of admirers with her outfit and I would have expected nothing less. They finally played the kind of song I was waiting for, loud and fast.
I grabbed my Pet by the arm, turned her back to me, grabbed her arms and used her locking bracelets to lock her hands behind her. That, of course, forced her tits into prominence much to the pleasure of the men watching her. "Remember, you're my slave so show everyone how proud you are to be mine," I whispered in her ear. She stood a little straighter, threw her shoulders back, and thrust those tits out even more.
I commanded in her ear, "Give me the BenWa balls."
She started shaking and I could tell that she was trying to hold back her orgasm. I slipped my hands beneath her pussy and felt one then two very wet balls drop into my hand. I put them in my pocket, put my hand back under her skirt and slid two fingers into her soaked cunt. Her back arched, thrusting her tits into the air and her head slammed into my chest.
"Ohhh Master. I'm there. OOHHHHH Master ... cumming."
"Not yet my Pet, wait until I give you permission."
My Pet's audience started growing and coming closer, but they all stayed respectfully silent with their mouths open as they watched Cindy writhing in ecstasy in the middle of the dance floor.
I fingered her for a minute or so, unzipped my pants, and flipped up the back of her skirt. I pulled my fingers from her cunt, squatted down so I could get my cock between her legs and started feeding my cock into her soaked pussy.
"Oh master ... Oh master I can't stop."
"Then cum my pet and cum hard," I said into her ear.
She started cumming before I even had the head of my cock fully in her. She was trying to be quiet and had her mouth open in a silent scream, but as I rammed into her, she came again and couldn't help herself, "Oh GOD ... OOOhhh ... MAAASSTTEERR ... OOHHHH My MMMAAASSSSTTEERR"
I held her hips and began slow, deep thrusts into her quivering pussy. I ran my hands around her tight belly and then ran my hands up under the bib to cup both tits. I thumbed her diamond hard nipples and pinched down on them both. Cindy clamped down hard on my cock with her cunt and arched her back, thrusting her tits towards the staring dancers. Then, with my teeth, I pulled on the bow which untied the only string left holding the bib over her tits. As the string parted, the bib fluttered to the floor and her stunning breasts were now on full display which had Cindy cumming again. Even in the throes of orgasm she knew how to help me display her and the wanton excitement of it all made her cum that much harder.
" OOHHHH My MMMAAASSSSTTEERR... Ohhhhh God ... Ohhhhh God."
I looked at the audience and everyone in the vicinity had stopped dancing and was watching this beautiful goddess get royally fucked. I cupped her boobs and presented them to everyone watching, then I slid my hands down to her skirt and slid my hand underneath to finger her clit. All the while, I was fucking my cock into her in deep, slow thrusts. My Pet's body was quivering, shaking, and judging by the nonstop clamping and grip of her cunt, she was orgasming continuously.
I pulled my hand out of her skirt and ripped open the Velcro closures; her skirt dropped to the floor and she was completely naked in the middle of the dance floor. Cindy's orgasm went up another notch and she was twitching like she was having a mini seizure with the audience on the dance floor all watching her.
I wrapped my arms tightly around her waist and hips and straightened my legs. My cock slid deep into her and she was impaled completely on me as I lifted her off the ground. She twisted her legs behind me and now her impalement on my cock and my arms were the only things keeping her in the air and on display.
I didn't think it was possible, but she started cumming harder and I started to pull her up and down on my cock, but her cunt had locked my dick in place deep inside her so that I could barely move.
"OOOhhh ... Ohh Ggggddd ... OOOhhh ... MAAASSTTEERR ... OOHHHH My MMMAAASSSSTTEERR."
The audience mostly had their mouths open in wonder as this vision of beauty, this goddess, was displayed and held in the air by this man who was fucking her beyond senseless. The eroticism of the moment got to me as well and I blasted my cum deep into Cindy. She continued to scream and thrash in my arms and started to quake in a body-wracking orgasm.
I held onto her while I continued to pump my cum deep into her body. I also continued to caress her taut belly and breasts and would tweak her clit to keep her cumming. However, after a while, I quit cumming but continued to display my Pet for another minute before squatting to set Cindy back on her feet. Her legs were like rubber and I had to hold her. I put myself away back in my pants and said, "Stand still for one second, my Pet." I reached over and picked up her top and skirt and stuffed them into my pocket.
I turned her toward me and held her body as it spasmed. I looked into her lust-clouded yet beautiful green eyes and whispered in her ear, "My Pet you are the most beautiful and erotic woman I know and I am so proud of you. Now remember that you are a goddess and you are MY goddess. I want you to walk tall and proud to our table with your gorgeous tits out for everyone to see."
I looked into her eyes and saw a deep pool of love and trust being aimed back at me. Even though she was still quivering from her multiple orgasms and legs were shaking, she stood erect. With her arms still locked behind her back, she couldn't help but thrust out her tits, but she pulled back her shoulders anyway. As she started for the table, I reached out and stopped her and she turned to look at me questioningly. I grabbed her chin and tilted her face towards me and gave her a short sumptuous kiss. I then put my arm around her waist and we walked to the table together.
She stood there a sensual, naked goddess while I draped her cape around her and fastened the clasp at her neck. The cape gaped open at the hips so her naked pussy was still on display.
She looked at me and whispered, "Master, my legs are still shaking too badly to walk all the way to the car, could you carry your slave?"
My heart grew that night. I opened her cape and flipped it over her shoulder, so once again her completely naked body was on display, her arms still locked behind her and her breasts thrust proudly in front of her. I picked her up in my arms and she snuggled into my chest as I carried this nude goddess through the staring crowd and to our car.
I set her in the passenger seat of the car and when I sat in the driver's seat, she laid her head in my lap, kissed my cock through my pants and softy said, "Oh, master I don't know how this slave became lucky enough to have you as my master, but I have never been cared for and taken care of the way that you have treated me. I have never felt more beautiful, sexy, or desired as I do now. Oh master, I love you so and you make me so deliriously happy. Could a slave please ask her master to take her home and make love to her?"
"Oh my incredible Pet, those were my plans exactly. My beautiful baby you have no idea what a treasure you are to me. Through the entire night, no once did you flinch when I displayed you, as a matter of fact you anticipated what I was doing and knew how to help me make it better. Not once did you question me, with looks or with words. Instead, everything I commanded of you, you did with obedience, passion and complete unwavering trust in your master. I am the lucky one, I have been looking for you all my life."
I drove back to the hotel and in our room we found new avenues of passion and new ways to touch each other's hearts. The evening ended with my pet asleep on my chest and my cock buried deep inside her.