Thursday morning...Piper Cherry's happy home.
"Someone is sawing logs."
Eyelids fluttering in the morning daylight piercing her windows, Piper Cherry heard what she presumed might have been her nephew Mace out on her sofa. Getting up slowly to counter balance her muscle relaxers having finally wiped her out last night, she went to her bathroom and tinkled. Washing her face she looked long and hard at herself, she had slept wearing half of her nephew's cum on her face. How morbid was that? Peeling dried flakes from her cheeks and chin she rolled her eyes, "Why did you go that far? Sometimes I just can't help myself. At least we didn't fuck. I suppose that's something. Can I really walk nude in front of him after what we did? I mean I trust him but, now that he's gotten what he wanted he might not handle it well if I stomp on his dick next time he tries. I'll have to worry about that when and if it occurs again. Of course it will." She knew. "I'm so fucked in the head going along with that shit. Damn you Mace. Uggggh! Damn you Piper Cherry." She flips off her vision in the mirror. Birds thigh view!
"Coffee?" She smelled a welcoming scent, "Mace kept his word and got up to make me breakfast. He's a good kid overall, just...following in his nympho Aunt's footsteps. I better get dress...go fill my coffee mug." She skipped the getting dressed part and just paraded right out into the kitchen where he was making eggs. He too was still naked. "If you get pubes in my eggs I'll kick your ass." That sounded so very wrong. It reminded her she needed to refill her birth control pills.
"Morning Sunshine. Still naked, I'm impressed."
"You're still naked I'm depressed." She scowled in response.
"No you're not. Just smile already. You had fun and so did I. Let's just move past last night and live nude."
"As long as that's all we do." She pours herself a cup of coffee and leans on the counter next to him. He eyed her tits immediately, "See? You can't keep your eyes off me. This is why I say it can't work."
"Do you really want me to ignore your rockin' body?"
She fidgets slightly sipping her coffee and eying him, blowing into her mug to cool the temp even made him hard, it was amusing, "No. I love being looked at. Just...no more touching." Puckering at her he takes his index finger and pokes it inside her belly button making her sneer.
"Toast and jelly for that gorgeous belly?"
"Mace? Quit buttering me up and butter my toast. I'm gonna go shower...alone. Take Rotten out for his morning constitutional."
"You might as well eat first it's ready." Toast pops up.
"Fine! Feed me Seymour."
"Didn't I do that last night?" He reaches up and feigns wiping the corner of her mouth, "You missed a spot."
"Hearty har hard. Back off nine cum poop!" She steps away from his erection gliding across her tummy as he wiped her chin. "Let's get one thing clear. What happened last night is NOT going to become a habit. I'm over the whole going naked thing, but the rest...social distancing...ten inches apart at all times. I just washed my face so I know I didn't miss any spot. I'll butter my own toast, THANK YOU! You go sit waaaaay over there." She points at a bar stool.
"That's more than ten inches."
"You start smothering me I WILL send you back to Atlanta. We are NOT a thing Mace. Get over this twisted crush you have on me. Fuck all the cheerleaders you want just wear a condom before you become a daddy."
"I hope Tina comes over again today. She never did gave me a BJ. I wonder what she's saying about me?"
"All good things I'm sure by the way you had her screaming." She butters her toast then nibbles at it. Lifting the skillet to slide her eggs on to a plate he had sitting out, she then took it to the island counter and sat beside him. For now the sexual tension was sidelined.
"Send me a text today if you talk to Tina, or even overhear her tell others about me. Uhhh? I have a confession you might not already know about." He gnashes his teeth as she gobbles up her eggs. Motioning him to continue while she chews he decides to leave his seat and put the island between them.
"That's the way we should be." She chuckles.
"Hey you sat next to me Miss Boundary."
"Hurry up I need to get my butt in the shower."
"Yesterday at that cheerleading practice? All the girls that came into the house...saw my dick. I fucked the black girl. Wish I could recall her name."
"Octavia." She scowled, "Those sneaky little bitches."
"I just didn't want you to hear it from any of the girls."
"The whole student body seems pretty good at keeping secrets." She knew this all too well after her first day in Detention. Truthfully she knew it was impossible the way she was dressing and showing off so much. Still, it was nice to know none of her boys were bragging too loudly. Not that she wouldn't appreciate the compliments. "I'm sure the cheerleaders will bring it up at some point."
"Also, Dakota and Sable...they have a picture of my dick. That's what started the girls chasing me, Sable slipped and showed the picture."
"Wonderful! What about Josie?"
"She has the pic too. Josie told me you asked her not to...you know. I think you can trust her."
"I just don't want you chasing her. She's living the good life as it is with..." Piper bites her lip, "Enough secrets shared. You just behave around Josie and her girls."
"Dakota and Sable are cool but they're too shy and awkward." Now that was just a covering of tracks. Dakota was far from shy.
"If you say so." Piper knew different of Dakota at least. Sable she might agree with his assessment. Of course she had no idea as of yet how open Sable was being around Travis Herbert. Technically, she was only guessing about Dakota with what she knew was going on in school, her unbuttoned exhibitions of late signaling her desire to lose her shyness, if not her virginity. Time would reveal all.
"Is that everything?" Mace had plenty more but shrugged as if he was out of ammo. He hadn't mentioned Knox Hardecker's pictures of Piper and Josie together, or what he saw at Kelly Herbert's home when Dominic visited. In seeing Dakota and Sable's cute pussies at Cumberland Park, or of breaking up Henry and Josie fucking late at night in their front yard. He figured Henry might have mentioned it but he hadn't. Until he did he would reserve his, "Oh yeah!" moment.
"Go shower. I'll wash your dish off." He reaches for her plate and fork. Smiling at his generosity she took her coffee cup and headed to her bathroom. A hot shower awaited her. As soon as she was gone Mace sat her plate on the floor and Rotten washed the dish with his tongue. "Saving on the water bill." He joked. Mace really did wash the plate afterwards he was just acting silly.
********
An hour earlier right next door at the McKellen's, Henry woke up before Josie for once and rolled over on top of her and made love to his wife. Their intimate emotions were in tune like never before. She prided herself on proving her love, if not 100% loyalty to her mate. As long as she understood the others needs they were determined to make their marriage last. While he was fairly open about letting Josie in on his sexual endeavors, they both still had secrets. If Henry knew how often she was fucking her students at Horton-Dexter he might lose his cool. She was keeping those events to herself because she didn't want to fight over it, nor did she intend to stop doing it. She adored her baller boys. Both basketball and now her football play toys. Even girls were on her agenda these days, thanks to Piper bringing out her bi-sexuality. Nope, not stopping.
"Beautiful even with bedhead." Henry kissed his wife then admired her big brown eyes.
"You say the sweetest things. So...what's on your calendar today?"
"I'm going over to Tessa and Svetty's today to work on the game. I figure since she's seen our side of the world I'd explore hers."
"Sex?"
"Dunno yet. The main reason is for getting our storyline ironed out better. She's still persistent on that incest plot."
"Whatever makes us rich, you do whatever it takes. I have faith in you."
"Thanks. How about you besides teaching all day? Roman hookup?"
"I'm not sure what his mood will be. Someone broke out his truck window during football practice." She knew who but kept it to herself. Late last night Josie had gotten up and texted her friend and Principal of Horton-Dexter Carl Manley, asking him to fib about the camera footage incriminating poor Nolan for busting out Roman's passenger door window just to distract him for his football team to play with Josie. He of course never answered back so she wanted to get to school early enough to talk to Carl in person. She would protect them as long as they treated her good...like the slut she was.
"Wasn't me. I was home with the girls."
"I know. You would never do that. About the girls...they're...coming out of their shells I think. Turtles nice and slow though."
"Well aware. How do we feel about Sable and Travis? We've never really discussed that nudity situation in Kelly's backyard." Let alone what he saw in Sable's bedroom last night when Travis was jerking off and Sable was hiding naked. Spanking became necessary but the weirdness factor concluded that he needed to stop doing that. His kids were adults now whether he saw them as that or not.
"That wasn't their fault. We can't scold them for something Knox Hardecker did." Even Josie withheld what she witnessed when walking in on Sable with Travis laying on top of her in the living room. In Josie's case she knew telling her daughter's to straighten up would lead to retaliation.
"They've been getting awful chummy of late."
"We were that chummy once."
"I get that, but are we ready for what comes next?"
"I think we have time yet. I'm pretty sure Sable will stop if he moves too fast. At least I hope so."
"Dakota?"
"Now she I worry over. This dress code thing on Wednesday's is one thing but she's breaking Carl's rules on the other days." She omits the whole panty theft. "It's as if she wants boys to...admire her."
"Takes after her mother."
"She does doesn't she. You're right we are in trouble." Josie giggles snuggling under his arm. "I'll have a woman to woman talk with her."
"Do you think we made a mistake telling the girls they could start wearing whatever they wanted? We have no say now that they're young adults."
"Dakota likes a boy named Angus. I say we invite him to their birthday party if she still has feelings by then. I know him from when I taught English his Freshman year." Not to mention her adrenalin deal sexually of late. That did eat at her slightly, but not enough to back off. That could change. She did threaten him not to hurt Dakota and he did seem to really like her daughter. For now he and she were on the electric fence.
"Have we even planned that party?"
"It might evolve. We did invite our families here but Piper suggested we bring it to her pool. That sounds fun doesn't it?"
"We getting a clown and a pony?" He chuckled.
"Those days are over. What are we buying them for their birthday?"
"They keep hinting about cars but I'm not ready to sink money that big on two new or even used cars. Ours aren't even paid off yet. Until I get Frisque juiced up to where the ratings rise and money increases we're on your teaching salary and what few stocks we have."
"One car for them to share?"
"I'll crunch some numbers and see what's out there. Maybe Daniels down the block might give us a deal."
"K. Dan's Sedans?" She laughed, reminded of his jingle and TV commercial promoting his car lot.
"At least he knows us."
"I need to get out of these warm arms of yours and get ready for work."
"One more quickie?" He winked at her.
"You know I would never deny you. Five minutes. Cum extra hard inside me."
"On it!" He was indeed. Her pussy was purring like a well soiled engine. The girls didn't even need an alarm clock to wake up by. Josie was on the job. OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GOD!
Sadly, both girls swatted toward their bedroom doors wishing they could hit their snooze alarms. Pillows over their heads was sufficient.
********
"You're up early."
"Yeah, didn't sleep much." Travis Herbert told his Mother Kelly as he shuffled into their kitchen where she was brewing coffee. Yawning vividly, yet all smiles Kelly grew suspicious fairly quick.
"Any particular reason why you're beaming?" She smirked knowing her son was bursting at the seams. He had come home last night fairly early from the McKellen's having eaten dinner with them and isolated himself rather than spill the beans to his Mother. This morning he just had to burst.
"I kissed Sable." He belted out and clenched his fists in triumph, "It was sooooo awesome."
"You did?" She seemed surprised, "Are you two...?"
"Not officially, we're just...kicking it."
"Only a kiss? Or many kisses?" She leaned on her counter amused by her son's awkward emotions.
"Does one long kiss count as many?"
"I suppose it might. When did this all...come about?" He wanted to say by the pool a week ago, but that was just his dirty mind. Technically, he did cum about that day right in front of Sable and her sister, but again just last night, but he couldn't tell his mother that. As far as the furthering of their...friendship...?
"We've been flirting with each other awhile now. Even before that day when Dominic was here molesting you. Yes, I still hate the guy, but for you I'll give him a chance. Don't expect a miracle."
"Thank you for the effort." She smiled warmly, "So...that day you and Sable...were naked in our backyard. No hijinks?"
"No that was only due to that dumbass next door. Both of us were caught off guard and put in a bad situation." He did fidget, "But, I'm glad it happened. I got to see her naked. In a good way." Not too mention their flesh on flesh debacle in trying to reach his bedroom balcony. Hijinks? Yeaaaaah! Not intentionally though.
"Unlike seeing her through your telescope?" She mused.
"I guess. I can't help it, I've liked her for forever. She just...didn't give us a chance until all that with Knox. When she defended me in school...well...tried to rescue me it gave me time to think more."
"Just yesterday you wouldn't even reply to her texts."
"I know. I was stupid, but you got me through that. Thanks Mom."
"I will always be there for you."
"I know. Same here. Even with that weird stuff that happened with Angus and Toby, I still don't understand what got into them. Usually they're nothing but trouble. Coming to your aid around Hardecker was so out of character for them. Why did you...? Sorry, I know I agreed not to talk about it."
"What happened was destiny I'm afraid. Let's just leave it at that."
"Whatever! At least Hardecker got punched out for all the shit he's pulled lately. I guess I owe Angus a thank you."
"I would let it go Travis. He did a good deed even though I do not condone violence."
"How can you say that when you let Dominic get rough with you?"
"That is totally different. I like Dominic, he...takes care of me...of you."
"Come on Mom! He just comes over when he wants sex. How is that taking care of you...no way for me...he hates me as much as I hate him."
"That glass you broke by the front door to get inside?"
"Yeah?"
"Did you even notice it was fixed?"
"I...when did that happen?"
"He sent a glass repair guy over to fix it. He left me money that day under the car key bowl."
"Really?" Travis scratched his head, "Okay! That's cool I guess. Doesn't mean I have to like him."
"That will come in time. Principal Manley called yesterday when you were over at the McKellen's. He said if you wanted to come back to school tomorrow you can."
"We still don't know who hijacked me. I don't...want that to happen again when Sable and I are just...getting close."
"Obviously, she wants to pursue you if she kissed you back. Give her some credit, she's standing by you during all of this."
"I get it Mom, I just don't want her to see me like that ever again. That video went viral, but I guess it is dying down already. Only 9,543 views. All from Horton-Dexter probably. Can I buy a taser?"
"No you may not buy a taser. Just go back to school as if nothing happened. Be proud that you're stronger than they are led to believe. Sable will respect that."
"Maybe I should ask Dominic to drop by the school and put the fear of God in those pricks." He chuckled.
"You do not need a bodyguard. Although that would be adorable." She shared in his amusement, "He might find that funny himself."
"Riiiight! I was only joking."
"There is always self defense courses. I think the gym he frequents has Tae Kwon Do once or twice a week. Did I tell you he even sponsors new arrivals to the States?"
"Nope! That's cool I guess. I'm not Bruce Lee, Mom. Maybe Bruise Easilee." Travis had fun coming up with that. "I'll go back to school tomorrow. At least I can see Sable again."
"She lives right behind us Travis."
"You know what I mean. Away from prying eyes."
"Coming from a peeping tom." She rolls her eyes. "She's welcome here if she wants to visit you. Just behave, so I don't have to explain things to her parents." Namely, her newest Master, Sable's father Henry. Technically she couldn't be cross with her son when keeping Henry a secret as well. Only God knew how that information would go over should her son find out.
"If I have trouble at school I'll just find Piper."
"Or, Josie. I'm sure she will be there for you."
"I can't go running to Sable's mom. That would look bad. I'll...manage."
"Good! Now go take a shower...you..." She pinches her nose shut. Travis knew exactly what it was. He had jerked off five times in a row before falling asleep. Spunk stunk he called it in his thoughts. Sable just had that kind of effect on him. Morning wood demanded a sixth time now that it occurred to him. But, oh did that scent drift.
"Pancakes?" He stopped in the doorway to the bathroom.
"Flap Jacks?"
"Sure!" He had to jack off anyways. He would think of Sable's lap. "F--!"
********
McKellen Central...
Fresh out of her shower Josie dried off and slyly stepped out into her bedroom to be certain Henry was long gone, most likely in his office or making breakfast. With the coast clear Josie removed her towel to stand nude and took a pair of selfies, one laying in bed with her legs wide and pussy wishing it was filled with glorious cock. Snapping her twat she sent the picture to her boy toy Reese, accompanying it with the text, "Sorry I couldn't make it in early. I'll make it up to you and your friends." Ending it with a pouty emoji she set about getting dressed. Overlooking underwear entirely as per her agreement with Piper Cherry she sifted through the borrowed dresses that Piper had loaned her. Not that the blond bombshell expected them back.
Selecting a dress similar to what Piper wore yesterday only in yellow she tried it on and checked herself out. Bending over just to see herself in a sexual positioning was primary to her desired edge. Knowing the boys would love her in it, including Coach Roman Crandell she did her hair and makeup. The yellow dress accented her all over tan even if it was getting lighter.
"I need to go sunbathe with Piper by her pool and get this booty darker. Finding time is hard with so much going on. Planning the girls birthday party next week alone prevents me hitting her...wait a minute...Piper's going out with Roger Dundee Saturday...maybe I can find a couple hours...shoot, Mace will be there. I can't keep teasing the boy or Piper's going to think she can't trust me. Not that teasing Mace wouldn't be fun. Sadly, Saturday is my only window. If only I can ditch the girls...darn it! They keep saying I don't spend any time with them...I really don't. I'll think of something. I better get a move on or I'll be late."
Across, the hall from Josie's bedroom her eldest daughter Dakota was getting ready for school herself. Having stayed up late texting Angus she was running behind herself. All night long he had been a gentleman, promising her to have her stolen thong back when she got to Horton-Dexter. Not once did they discuss what happened between them at school, their kiss, his sucking her nipple, his girlfriend sucking her other nipple. How fucked up was that? Regardless thinking that, she did find it hard to resist smiling over it. Knowing she had her Dad's attention too fueled her imagination. She really didn't know who to think more about, Angus or her Father.
"I wish I could wear a dress again. Wednesday is so far off until I can do that. I can go button down shirt again I guess. Jeans this time." She spaces out in thought standing in her panties only, "Oh my gosh! What if Angus had taken my dress off there at my locker? I would have been so humil...I was so freaking wet. All the boys watching him kiss on me...when Robin...stop thinking Dakota." She danced in step almost giddy, yet confused as to why.
"What if...they do that again?" Part of her wanted more, the sensible part of her knew it would only lead to trouble. "Why did Angus let Robin...?" Why did she not tell them no? "I think I'll wear a bra today but keep my shirt unbuttoned. If Angus doesn't look sad I'll know he's not looking at me just for...sex. Oh my God! I have no idea how to even have sex properly. I really hope Daddy..." Her eyes flare up with a hopeful exuberance, "...shows me what to do."
A knock on her door she expects it to be her Father and just blurts, "Come in." Shocked to find it to be her Mother she quickly covers up her chest. "Sorry! I thought it would be...Sable." She had truly wanted it to be Henry.
"Nope! Just Mommy. Can we talk a second?"
"Sure! I'll get dressed while you talk." She waves Josie inside as she goes to her dresser for a bra to match her panties.
"A bra today? I'm shocked."
"I like going without but I know it's...wrong."
"Sweetheart, I'm over the scrutiny. Be yourself. If you want to go without...any underwear then do so. I'm not wearing any."
"I can tell." Dakota giggled pointing at her Mother's nipples sticking out like eraser heads. Josie looked down at herself and smirked.
"We didn't really get much time to talk on the phone last night about your missing panties. How exactly did that even happen?"
"I took them off at school. A lot of girls went without. I...just wanted to see what it was like. Corey Samson took advantage of that when he swiped them from my book bag."
"It feels great doesn't it?" Josie hugged her daughter from behind and takes her bra from her placing it back into the dresser drawer. Dakota shivered at her Mother's theft and bulged her eyes, "If you want to get the bra back out that's your choice. If you don't I'm not going to scold you. That was my way of showing you I'm not going to raise hell over it. Anyway, just know you can come to me if things like that thong scenario ever happens again. I understand I haven't exactly been the model mom of late, but I am your mother none the less. I love you and I'm all ears if you ever need me."
"Actually, I...do need advice." She ignores the bra and finds a pair of blue jeans with red thread in them. As she slips them on Josie awaits her questions. "Man these jeans are getting tight. Am I gaining weight?"
"That was not the advice you were asking for. You look beautiful in the jeans. Now ask before we run out of time."
"Well, Angus kissed me yesterday."
"Both of my girls got their first real kiss the same day?" Josie shook her head grinning.
"Ewww! Don't make me picture Travis and Sable."
"They were cute together. About Angus?"
"He...kissed my neck and shoulder too. Is that...normal?"
"I suppose so. Any lower I might think otherwise." Josie suddenly envisioned Angus kissing herself like that and held her breath trying not to appear obvious.
"Mom? You...kissed a girl right? Piper?"
"A few in my time...if being honest." Namely Annette and Kim in the gym just yesterday. Her first period girls as well.
"I'm embarrassed. I wasn't going to tell you but I want to...Robin Banks kissed me too." She just didn't say her chest.
"Oh? Angus...and Robin?"
"One after the other. Is that...wrong?"
"I...don't know. Did it upset you?"
"At first yes...the more I think about it...I'm curious."
"I see. Only you can decide if that was right or wrong sweetie. Just...tell them to give you time to understand yourself, if they care they won't push you."
"Okay! Thanks Mom." Dakota takes the time to hug her mom then blushes at being so close and their chests touching. "Sorry. Better put a shirt on."
"Come to me if you need more advice, my door is always...well...after 1st. period. 3rd. period would be better." Protecting her boy toys and her sexual time with them sacred Josie at least made room in her schedule.
"We going or not?" Sable stepped into Dakota's bedroom as Dakota puts on a button down plaid shirt in red and black, the material thin for warmer weather. Without even looking at them Sable fired off a text to Travis, a simple, "Good morning. I can't wait to kiss you again." It seemed everyone wanted another kiss. Joining them from behind Sable, Henry McKellen peered in with interest.
"Everything okay here?"
"Perfect." Josie eased Sable out of the way and slipped her arms around Henry's shoulders, lifting up on her toes to kiss her husband. Looking at their Mother from behind both Dakota and Sable see Josie's bare ass and bulge their eyes. Glancing between each other they blushed for their Mom. That dress was way too short.
"Get your own room." Sable chuckled.
Kiss broken Josie peered over her shoulder at Sable, "Get your own living room." A razz made Sable turn beet red. Dakota had to snicker at her sister's expense. It was true, she and Travis were sprawled out on their living room sofa making out. She got over it as Josie headed downstairs, Sable following behind her to give her mom heck over the comment. Maybe she wasn't over it.
Leaving Dakota to step up to her Father just as she saw her Mother do, she went tiptoe to kiss her Father's cheek. Without warning he switched profiles to kiss Dakota directly on the lips with more passion than he should have used. Catching her off guard Dakota moaned into his mouth and kissed him with as much as she could muster. Mind blown by his move she pulled away in awe, smiling up a storm.
"You wanted lessons."
"Yes I did. Do! Wow! That was...fun."
"Don't get carried away." He winked. "Those lessons can stop at any time. I'm only doing this until you get confident."
"That might take awhile." She giggled. "I love you Daddy."
"Love you too Punky. Go to school. Learn something other than kissing boys."
"Seeing Tessa today?"
"Yep! Going to work at her place today."
"Have fun."
"All work."
"Tell her I said hi."
"Will do." Why yes he would. Svetty too. Henry watched his daughter wiggle all the way downstairs. Even the bookbag on her shoulder was cute.
********
"Wine it is."
Piper Cherry utilized her dress choices from yesterday, after choosing orange per her dog's selective eyes, she had set aside the wine colored dress that echoed a resemblance to the earlier orange for today. Slipping it on over her nudity it felt like silk, it's design just tight enough to hug every curve on her pristine flesh. "Second skin. It's like I spilled my wine glass on my body and it formed around me." Squeezing her tits over her dresses material she chuckles, "The Gropes of Wrath!" She found it funny.
"As if the eyes weren't on me yesterday, although a darker color it knows my body well. So will those eyes. I'm sooo glad Carl and the teacher's are all...lustful. It makes my job that much more fun knowing I'm wanted by 90% of Horton-Dexter. Okay 95%, Can't forget Elsa." Sliding her feet into black heels that roped up around her calves imprisoning them she applied the necessary bangle jewelry. The bling included a micro thin necklace that dangled a cute gold heart right between her fabulously bulging breasts with a tiny engraving saying You Love It! Her cleavage displaying the trinket like a speck between mountain ranges. To read that caption you would have to have 20/20 vision or be mountain climber.
Making her bed by merely pulling the covers up neatly she frowned, "MACE?" ,yelling out while awaiting his reply. In stepped Mace fully dressed for once in his life, jeans and a black button down shirt, sunglasses atop his head, he had Rotten's leash in his hand.
"Yeah?" He coaxed Rotten to his side and bent over to clip the leash to the dog's collar.
"Wash my bedding again. After that stunt we pulled last night I'd like to come home tonight and sleep in clean linen. No more ideas about a repeat performance tonight. Understood?"
"How many times are you going to tell me this?" He rolled his eyes, "By the way...you look sexy as hell."
"Damn straight I do. Stop right there before you get a boner." She steps around him and palms his forehead with a gentle nudge, "Coming through. Oh, after you walk Rotten you should GPS the school and familiarize your way there. I'll need you to go get those shirts I had made up and bring them straight to school tomorrow so I can pass them out to the girls before they head home and get ready for the football game."
"No problem. Can I come to the game? I'm tired of being cooped up here so much. I need to spread my wings."
"If you had said my legs I'd have kicked you in the nuts." She smirked, "Still might."
"Tina's maybe. I want that hottie again. Maybe even Octavia. That Lily girl was cute too."
"You can go to the game just...don't counter distract my girls from their own mission. Their jobs are to distract the opposing team."
"I can't help it, I have what all the girls want." He pats his dick beneath his jeans. Sadly, Piper looked then grit her teeth. His words stung, she was a girl. Even she was distracted into shaking her head clear of the images of his monstrous cock.
"School address is on the fridge next to Jesse Manley's phone number." She grabs her purse and keys wiggling her way to the front door. Following closely behind her Rotten got a bit too close to her and lifted her skirt up, his cold snout touching her butt crack. Jumping at his close call inspection she turned brushing her skirt back down, "Did you teach Rotten to be a skirt chaser?"
"Would I do that?" Mace chuckled.
"I know you would." She crouches down and kisses Rotten on the nose. Pointing at Mace she instructed her pup to, "Bite his dick off." Rotten turned to look at Mace and woofed. Mace covered his crotch just in case as Piper razzed him with her tongue, "Better be careful Nephew. Puppy loves his Mommy more." Standing up she opens her door and steps outside. Opening her garage door using her keychain she took a moment longer to stroll out to her mailbox and check her mail. Nothing but bills and advertisements.
Joining her on the driveway Mace and Rotten watch her return toward the garage. Passing by on the street Josie McKellen tooted her horn, the twins riding to school with her. Stopping in her tracks Piper waved then took another side trip to visit them briefly.
"Wassup Pussycat? Hi girls." The girls were absorbed with texting and reading things on Facebook, too much so to even reply.
"Ignore them. Our dresses look alike just different colors."
"Good! Everyone can think we're twins too." Piper giggled.
"Hi Mace." Josie waved, that got the twins to look up and smile, waving vividly at he and Rotten. "You got him to wear something other than sweatpants?"
"He did that on his own. I have a feeling he wants to impress someone today." Both Dakota and Sable flare their eyes. Did she mean one of them? The girls were all over the stage when it came to boys of late. Even though Sable adored Travis, Mace was cute. Dakota felt much the same. "I told Mace to drop by Horton-Dexter so he knows how to get there tomorrow. He's coming to the football game."
"Really?" Sable pepped up, "Maybe I'll try to cheerlead again. If you still want me to." That was all it took to change her thoughts on the matter.
"I was hoping you might change your mind."
"When is Mace coming by the school?" Dakota leaned over her mom.
"I'm not sure. Probably after he walks Rotten." Piper shrugged.
"I can show him how to get there if he takes me to school." Dakota jumped at the chance. Mace overhearing her moved in closer.
"We can show him." Sable was not going to be left out. Both Josie and Piper wince at one another knowing the sexual tension of all three of them. Technically all five of them.
"Mace?" Josie spoke up as he stepped right up to the car door. "Would you mind taking the girls to school? They want to show you how to get there." Piper just went with it.
"Awesome! I can do that." Hearing him agree the girls busted free of their Mom's SUV and raced to join him, using Rotten as a scapegoat by petting him.
"He just wants to see the cheerleaders again." Piper whispered to Josie.
"Fresh air will do him good."
"Speaking of fresh air." Piper waved a hand in front of her nose, "Yo Ziploc! Might wanna pick that up before you go." Mace looked down to see the pile of steaming shit Rotten had left in the grass next to the driveway. Dakota and Sable danced as if grossed out by it, pinching their noses and hiding behind Piper. Mace reached into his pants pocket and procured a baggie and plucked up the waste, turning it inside out to hide the scent. Taking the bag to the trash can discarding it he then entered the house to wash his hands and put Rotten out by the pool for safe keeping. Water bowl full, food in dish, Mace returned outside to find only the twins. Josie and Piper had both gone off to work.
"I say we skip school and party." He threw his arms to his side.
"I wish we could. Mom would kill us." Sable beat Dakota to any response.
"Your boyfriend is home still." Dakota winked, "You could have him come over once Dad goes to Tessa's." She was razzing her sister knowing of their affections stepping up as of last night.
"Travis who?" Sable razzed back, "You don't want to miss out on Angus kissing you all over again."
"What?" How did Sable know, she didn't tell her that part. Someone must have told her. That or she was bluffing. "He did not."
"Come on I overheard you and Mom talking earlier. I want details."
"Me too." Mace laughed jingling his truck keys and unlocking his Dodge Ram with a remote. "On the way to school." He knew he had to take them, it was just fun making them think he wanted to party with the girls.
"Don't spread that rumor Sable." Dakota pouted.
"As if others didn't see you. Come on Dakota."
Opening the passenger side door, the girls fight to see who got to sit next to Mace. Dakota winning out, climbs in first, her unbuttoned shirt fanning open in her crawl allowing a beautiful tunneled cleavage. Mace saw nipples that time and smiled. She knew he had seen her and blushed faintly, keeping her lustful thoughts hidden.
Settling in hip to hip she ignored Sable getting in next to her. Eyes meeting with Mace's, Dakota dares to flash him a tit when Sable turned to find her seatbelt. Mace instantly grew hard. As much as Dakota was teasing, his mind shifted to Tina Wiles instead of what was right before him. Dakota noticing his eyes waver as he started his truck up wondered why he seemed distant. Their sexual tension ceased in the blink of an eye and Dakota clammed up. All the way to Horton-Dexter conversation was minimal. He couldn't even ask the twins about Tina for fear they might not like her. Luckily for him, Travis texted Sable that he missed her. Mace who? So confusing. Neither girl even recalled seeing Tina Wiles leaving as they were being dropped off by Kelly Herbert.
Reaching Horton-Dexter the school yards were full of students loitering. It was just like old times for Mace Belmont, only being out of High School barely over a year. Same atmosphere, same horseplay, lots of hot girls. Home sweet home! Pulling into the circle drive for student drop off Mace noticed some cheerleaders, most of them surrounded by the jocks. No Tina Wiles however, but he did notice Lily and Octavia, even Robin Banks.
Wanting to be noticed Mace honked his horn to get the girls to look for his truck. Some of the jocks had already zoomed in on the killer ride, envious that they didn't own a truck like his. Once all eyes were on him Sable decided to climb out and act as if she were hot shit. Dakota seeing the girls drooling behind their men made her consider something that could change her life. Without warning Dakota leaned over to Mace and kissed him on the lips. Stunned by her actions Mace dropped his jaw the second she left his truck.
Jocks witnessing her kiss the new guy immediately shot texts to Angus what they had seen. Even Robin texted Angus of Dakota's actions. As Dakota shut the door she turned to the crowd and smirked. Off she went. Mace however lingered there a minute until the next person dropping kids off tooted their horn. He really wanted to see Tina again. What he got was Octavia stopping him from leaving, her man Darryl watching her with a strange expression, uncertain what she was doing.
Motioning cars around him Octavia hopped up on his step side and greeted him, "Morning White Boy."
"Hey Octavia. Tina around?"
"Somewhere. I heard you rocked her world yesterday. If I skip school today can I get some of that big Georgia cock?"
"You already had a taste of it." He chuckled, "That your man looking at me like he wants to punch my lights out?"
"Darryl? He doesn't own this sweet ass. So can I come by later?"
"Sure. Bring Tina."
"I can do better than that. How about I bring Lily too? She's my girl."
"Three girls? I can deal with that. What time?"
"Just be home. We'll be there when we can." Without permission she yanks Mace to her and kisses him. He accidently honked his truck horn again. "Love those lips White Boy. Gnaw on my clit later?" She winked at him and climbed down racing back to Darryl and kissing him equally as hard. Mace just shook his head and pulled away.
"What the fuck was that about?" Darryl questioned his girl.
"Relax! He has a huge cock, you don't. I love you though." He caved, she had Darryl wrapped around her finger. Leaving him she joins Robin and Lily. "Yo Lily? We're hooking up with Piper's nephew later. Find Tina and tell her we're sharing her conquest." Lily found herself giddy and raced away to find Tina. Robin grabbing Octavia and pulling her aside had to ask questions.
"What's going on? Is he seeing Dakota?"
"No clue. Don't care. I'm getting that huge cock again. You and Angus can have McKellen."
They wood...would.
Garbled woods...WORDS!
It was too early in the morning.