It was the night that everything began to change - the night that my husband, Daniel, introduced me to Shelly. Tom was Daniel's best friend, and had been since high school, but somehow, during the three years that I'd been married to Daniel, I'd never met Tom's wife Shelly. It was with a mixture of excitement and nervousness that I prepared dinner for the four of us, and in no time at all, it was time to get dressed and ready for company.
I stood in front of my closet, trying to decide what to wear for the evening, when I felt Daniel come up closely behind me. I should have expected it, since anytime he sees me standing around partially dressed he takes it as an open invitation to run his hands over me and see how worked up he can get me. I trembled at his initial touch, as his hands gently stroked up my arms and then down my sides. I felt the anticipation in his fingers as they stroked across my hips and entangled themselves in the sides of my bikini panties. His touch made me breathe faster, and I could feel my nipples tighten up against the fabric of my bra.
"Stop that you naughty boy," I scolded him as I reached out and continued to look through the outfits in my closet. "If you keep that up, I'll never get ready in time for dinner."
His fingers continued their maneuvering around the edges of my panties while his arms pulled me back closer towards him and I felt his lips brush up against my ear as he whispered, "I'm ready for dinner. Guess what I'd like to sample for the first item on the menu?"
I leaned back into him and sighed with satisfaction as I felt him pressed firmly against me, "Mmmm....I guess you are ready, aren't you? But, no, I need to get dressed and ready or else I'll be greeting Tom and Shelly looking like I just rolled out of bed." I reached back out to the closet, only to be spun back around to face my husband and I was briefly lost in the desire that I could see shining his brown eyes. I felt that same desire echoed in his touch as he used the opportunity of turning me around to slide both his hands completely inside the back of my panties.
"Very nice," he breathed into my ear as his hands cupped me tightly. "You can spare five minutes from getting ready to give me a kiss though." His lips eased their way to mine, and as my mouth opened up to him, I felt my resolve to find the perfect outfit begin to waver. Without warning, his hands abruptly moved up my back, and I felt the clasp on my bra being unfastened.
"And since when do you need to take my bra off to give me a kiss? You've got more than that on your mind, and our dinner guests will be here in less than thirty minutes." I stepped backwards in one last attempt to return to the closet, only to have it backfire as my husband used the motion to slip my bra the rest of the way off of me, leaving me standing in front of him wearing nothing but a pair of my skimpiest panties. I saw his eyes devouring my freshly-revealed nipples, and the sight of the hunger in his eyes brought a new wave of warmth inside of me. I was still telling him to stop, but he knew I didn't mean it any more, and with one motion, he pulled me back towards him and lowered his mouth to my breast. I moaned softly as his mouth caressed me, and I gasped as his fingers gently pinched and pulled at my other nipple.
"I didn't say where I was planning to kiss you, now did I?" he softly murmured to me as he lifted his mouth back up to mine. Years of touching had given Daniel complete knowledge of how to make my body respond to him, and as his fingertips brushed along my skin, I realized again there was nothing I could do to stop him. My body craved his touch, every part of me longed to feel him against me, and he knew it. I closed my eyes and felt his fingers trace their way across my back, over my sides, and down the outside of my legs. Desperate to have his touching continue, I stepped part way around him, and raised one leg up onto our bed, offering him a clear invitation to go further. His fingertips accepted my offer, and I felt them gently stroke the inside of my raised leg, up higher until I felt him barely touching the fabric of my panties. He paused there, as if calculating the level of my desire, and as his other hand rose up and gently pulled at my nipple again, I heard him say, "I thought we didn't have enough time for that? I thought you wanted to get dressed?"
"I want you to call and cancel with our dinner guests is what I want you to do," I replied. My hand reached out and grasped his erection through his boxer shorts, and I squeezed him briefly. "Then I want to spend the rest of the night fucking your hard cock." I felt him twitch inside my hand, a reminder of how it turned him on when I talked dirty to him. I stroked my hand up and down the length of him and slowly licked my lips while I stared into his eyes. I felt the wetness at the end of his shaft, another sign of his growing excitement. His finger slipped inside the front of my panties and moved along my smoothly-shaved skin. Slowly, his finger wiggled back and forth, and I watched the smile grow on his face as he felt the wetness inside of me.
His lips brushed against my ear again as he whispered to me "Oh, I plan to spend the night doing just that, but we'll still be meeting our dinner guests." Suddenly, his finger slid its entire length up inside of me, and I moaned as I felt how easily he was able to penetrate me. Then his voice continued in my ear, "I just wanted to make sure you were good and wet first." His finger curled inside of me, and I felt him moving in rhythm inside of me, pulling me onward.
Unable to control myself, I felt my hips bucking frantically around him as I begged him to make me come His finger swirled rapidly within me, and I felt his lips kissing mine again as my body shuddered against him. I heard myself softly protest as his finger slipped out of me, leaving an empty longing in it's place. I rubbed my face up against his chest and throat, only to feel him slowly pull away from me as I collapsed back on the bed.
His eyes danced as he looked down and me and smiled, "They'll be here in 10 minutes. You'd better get dressed."