I'd love to approach you at a masquerade, masks on, no identities revealed and simply let lust flow, pushing us against a wall as we ravish each other's lips on a hot torrid kiss, my hands roaming your body as I press you against the wall, my hands sliding up your soft form so that they can cup luscious breasts as my lips detour to your ear to nibble, lick and suck before heading towards your neck to do the same. Littering your soft skin with lust bites aplenty as I show my desire through my actions without nary a word.
I'd let one hand slide down the soft material of your corset until it reaches the hem of your skirt. My fingers toying with the idea of simply sliding underneath. I instead opt to simply tease your mind by keeping my hand right where it is, caressing you through soft material as my lips capture yours again, my free hand taking both of your hands and holding them above your head, making you vulnerable to my every touch. I eventually slide my lips lower and lower on your body, kissing the tops of each breasts before kissing down the valley between them until I reach one of the knots keeping your corset together.
I give a single pull with my teeth and it becomes looser on your body.
I do the same with the rest of the knots before kissing you again. Your corset sliding off your body and against the wall my chest pressed against your breasts as I hold you vulnerable still.
My lips travel lower on your body trailing kisses the entirety of the trip until they reach your breasts. Without hesitation I take a nipple between my lips and suck on it greedily and desirably, my tongue coiling itself around it as I continue to play with the hem of your skirt. I unwrap my tongue as I begin to nibble on it and I begin flicking the top with my tongue as I pull on them lightly using my teeth. My hand finally travels below your skirt and finds itself underneath an intruding thong. With a single finger I start to you with your slit, up and down slowly. Every time I reach the top I run a small circle around your clit before continuing.
I let your hands free as I use my now free hand to caress and massage the other soft tit. Pinching and pulling at your nipple as I continue the exquisite teasing with my tongue.
Your moans get louder and we're lucky the music is high and the crowd is talkative, or else attention would be drawn to the shadowy corner where we are.
I finally decide to end your torture and slip a single finger inside of your flower. Using my middle finger to explore the depths of your steamy pussy. I wiggle it around as I run my thumb over your clit in small, speedy circles. My finger finds the slightly abrasive area of skin inside of you underneath your clit and I sandwich your g-spot and clit between my fingers, rubbing in alternate directions as I nibble on your nipples alternatively. I start to slide my finger in and out like a piston, adding another one as I continue rubbing against your pleasure centre with my thumb
I feel you're wet enough for the main event and immediately turn you over so that you're facing the wall, with your breasts pressed against it and your ass, beautiful as it is, thrust out towards me. I unzip my pants and though you never see it you can feel my hard throbbing cock hit against your back with a heavy smack. I grip your hand and let you feel my rod, placing it in your palm as you wrap your fingers around it. Or at least try to before you realise they can't reach fully around.
I allow you to stroke it as I lower your skirt and rip your panties off if your body. Lining up my cock with your wet hot core as I press it in slowly as to tease you.
Inch after inch slides inside of you.
1...
2...
3...
4...
5...
6...
7...
And then after an inch more my hips are against the soft curve of your ass, my cock sheathed fully into your steamy cunt.
I grab two firm handfuls of your luscious ass as I use them for leverage as I slowly begin to fuck you. Thrusting nearly the entire way out, before slamming back in with a hard thrust that echoes throughout the crowded hall, blending in with the sound of the music around us as I simply take you, with brutal thrusts.
I massage the globes of your ass greedily as I continue my domination of your body. If people looked close enough all they'd see is a woman being taken hard against the wall, but your luck seems to be good as no one has bothered to.
I lift a hand off your ass as I continue fucking you deeply. Then I bring it down for a meaty smack that leaves your ass a bright cherry red.
Not once do I pause in my thrusting as I spank your ass. In fact I go deeper and harder then before.
I press my body against yours fully pressing my lips against your ear and taking the love in my mouth to nibble on as I thrust you seemingly into the wall. A hand leaves your ass and rubs against your clit quickly, in the same small circles as before. The only difference is that my cock is many times larger than my finger and you're learning that first hand as I dominate you.
I thrust faster into your pussy and faster until I'm a veritable jack hammer inside of you. You can feel me throbbing deep inside of you. Stretching the walls of your pussy with each thrust, ruining you for other men.
Owning your body with my own through pure pleasure.
My thrusts are wild inside of you bringing myself to orgasm quickly inside your tight pussy. I pinch at your clit bringing you there with me as I thrust ever harder inside of you.
You cum in a torrent, the soft walls of your pussy contracting and squeezing every inch of my cock as you scream and moan and whither in my grasp.
The pleasure becomes too much for me as I quickly exit your pussy and squat you down, jacking my cock that you can now see the full extent of, until it spurts out stream after stream of hot fresh cum over your chest. Coating you in a fresh coat of white.
Without another word I reach into my pocket, pull out a card, and drop it by your feet, straightening myself out before leaving you, a cum covered mess, half naked and well fucked in the shadowy corner.
-
My reprieve is broken by a hearty slap on the back by a friend. Faking attentiveness with a chuckle I gaze the room again.
My eyes fall on your form, the green corset like a lusty beacon in the fog that is the crowd, and I jump slightly as you give a meek wave when you notice my gaze.
Excusing myself from my acquaintances I make my way through the crowd in your direction...
~ Fin