This story took place about 20 years ago, while my wife was in her mid-late 30's, I was still a GI about 30 years old. It's a fun story about a weekend we spent in an Adult Motel, when we discovered just how much my wife enjoyed being an "exhibitionist" and enjoyed being watched while having sex!
At the time, Brandie had a job working for a photographer, who specialized in doing photography jobs on military bases. Typically, he would send my wife to the base several weeks before he was to go there to take the pictures, and she just handed out coupons for 1 FREE 8X10 photo if the person or family would sit for a photo session. One weekend, her boss sent her to Ft. Knox, KY., which was about 4 hours from where we lived at Ft. Campbell, KY. He told her to take me along and he would pay the higher price for a double motel room, he told us to have fun and look at the weekend like a mini vacation.
So, as we drove near to Ft. Knox, we were looking for a motel. We spotted a motel which billed itself as an "Adult Motel". We decided to check it out. I pulled into the courtyard, in front of the office. As we entered the courtyard, we noticed that this motel had an adult bookstore attached to it and it advertised "live sex shows" in the bookstore, along with many channels of porn on the TV's in the rooms. Brandie sat in the car while I went in to see if they had a vacancy. The guy at the desk asked me if I needed the room "by the hour", or for "all night". I looked at my wife sitting in the car and I told him, "I think this one is an all nighter!" He chuckled and gave me a room.
All of the rooms were on the ground floor, arranged in a large square, and you could park right in front of the room. Once we were in the room, we discovered that the TV didn't have ANY regular channels on it, but it had dozens of channels of different porno videos on it. Brandie and I took a walk up the sidewalk to the adult bookstore and checked out some of the toys, books, and videos on display. We saw the area where the "peep shows" were, but we weren't interested in paying to watch some girl through a glass window, finger fuck herself for an outrageous price!
During the walk back to our room, we realized that if anyone left the curtains open a bit on their room, a person could get a pretty good "show" for free! We didn't see any like that, but we thought maybe we could put on a show of our own. The motel wasn't full, we only saw a few other cars, besides ours, in the parking lot, so we didn't know how many people might be around here, or whether they would be single men, couples, gay, or straight folks.
When we got back to our room, we closed the curtains, (all the way), and watched some porno flicks while we waited for it to get completely dark outside. My wife had brought a couple of different sets of lingerie with her. She got them out and tried a couple different ones on until she settled on a short black, opaque nightie that barely covered her ass when she was standing straight up. It cupped her large 38C tits with a very revealing low neckline and it really showcased her blonde hair and tanned skin, she looked great!
I stripped down naked, turned all the lights in the room out, except for one small lamp near the bed, and the light from the TV screen, were all that lit the room. Then I opened the curtains just a few inches as if it was an "accident" that they weren't closed tightly. Then I lay down on the bed, with Brandie by my side, and we watched porno movies on the TV. We were gently touching and stroking each other and watching the crack in the curtains to see if anyone walking by might stop and "peek in on us".
It wasn't long before we saw someone walk by, then stop, and back up to the crack in the curtains. We pretended not to notice this person at the window. Once we had an audience, we got a little more active. My wife started stroking my cock with her hand and it didn't take but just a couple of strokes for her to have it at full hardness and standing tall! We pretended that we were just lying on the bed, (in the "privacy" of our room), watching porno flicks.
We spent a lot of time just gently stroking each other. She was rubbing my cock; I was rubbing her tits through her nightie, and reaching under it to rub her pussy occasionally, although our "watcher" might not have had much of a view of that, since I was between her and the window. We kissed and made out and occasionally peeked towards the window to see if our "guest" was still there. He watched us for maybe 10 or 15 minutes and maybe we weren't moving the show along fast enough for him, because he eventually walked away.
We were pretty turned on by the experience and were a little disappointed that he had left. But, we figured someone else would come along shortly, or he would come back. We kind of stopped playing with each other, so that we wouldn't get too carried away, as we figured this might be a game we could play for a long time that night.
A half hour or so later, another man stopped at the crack in our curtains to see what was going on in our room. This time, Brandie quickly rolled over, took my cock in her mouth, and started giving me one of her fantastic blow jobs! She made sure to keep her hair and head back, out of the way, so that the guy could plainly see her mouth working on my cock. I wasn't going to be able to take that for long, so I told her to cross over me and get on her knees with her ass towards the window.
Once she did, our watcher couldn't see her sucking my cock anymore, but he had a great view of my wife's ass and her pussy plainly displayed between her thighs! As she went back to work sucking my cock, I reached around and started fingering her pussy. At first, I was just rubbing it up and down her pussy lips, and occasionally I would take a couple of my fingers and spread her lips apart to show the "peeper" the pink insides of my wife's pussy! Once in awhile, Brandie would stop sucking me and ask if the guy was still watching us. I told her he was, and I think it was really turning her on to be watched like this as her pussy was literally running with juices!
I had to tell her to stop sucking me, because if she kept it up, I was going to cum, and I didn't want to, yet! So, she just stayed there, on her knees, over me as I got a little more active about fingering her pussy. As I slid a couple of my fingers into her cunt, my wife shuddered and had a mini orgasm! She groaned, squeezed my cock with the hand she still had on it, and I felt her pussy spasm on my fingers and gush juices all around my fingers as it rushed out all over her crack and made her pussy even wetter than it already was!
I'm not sure if the guy at the window could hear my wife groaning, but she made a display out of lifting her head and shuddering all over so that he would know that she was cumming.
He must have enjoyed the show, and understood what had happened, because after seeing my wife have her mini orgasm, he left the window. This whole thing had taken maybe 10 minutes.
After he left, my wife laid back down on the bed, next to me, and we talked about how much fun that had been! We talked about why the "peepers" seemed to stay for only 10-15 minutes. I surmised it was because they were outside on the sidewalk where they could be seen from all over the motel, and they probably didn't want to be seen lingering at a window for too long at a time. I suggested to her that we let the next guy "IN" the room so that he could watch us as long as we wanted him to. She immediately said "NO!" Back in those days, my wife knew about my kinky fantasies of wanting to "share her" with other men, but she hadn't yet agreed to try it, and she thought I was crazy to want to do it! She was willing to indulge me in some kinky "play" like we had been doing for the last hour or so, but that was as far as she was willing to go, (at least back then!).
Not long later, someone else stopped at our window. We weren't sure whether these were all different people, or whether they were the same guy, or couple of guys, coming back to see more. Brandie and I pretended not to see him. We acted as if we had just been watching the porno movies and were, "in our own little world".
I slid off the side of bed, onto my knees, with my back to the window. I pulled my wife's legs around so that her head was away from the window and her legs were over my shoulders, and I started eating her pussy. I figured the guy at the window couldn't see much with my head in the way, but it was the best I could do. I couldn't see him, so I asked Brandie if he was still watching. She raised her head up and looked right at the crack in the curtains. She told me he was. The thought that she was getting her pussy ate while some strange guy was watching, really turned my wife on and it didn't take long before she tensed up and had a tremendous orgasm! She clamped her legs onto the sides of my head, grabbed herself behind each thigh, rose up and let out a loud groan as she went through the throes of her orgasm! I have no doubt that the guy at the window could hear her and he obviously had to know that she was cumming!
Once she relaxed, I stood up, and as I did, I took at quick look at the window to see if our "friend" was still there. He was. Eating my wife's pussy had made my cock hard as a rock and I wanted to fuck her! So, I got onto the bed, between her legs, and sank my hard cock into her soaking wet cunt! I slid all the way in, in one stroke, and then laid there enjoying the feeling of her hot, wet cunt enveloping my cock. Brandie asked me if the guy was still at the window. I told her he was when I got on the bed but I couldn't tell if he was now. She looked around me and told me that he was still there watching us. I felt her cunt give a little "twitch" on my cock as she realized that she was being "watched", while getting fucked!
I started stroking in and out of my wife's cunt and enjoyed fucking her whether I was being watched, or not. At one point I grabbed my wife's legs behind her knees and pushed her legs up in the air as I kept stroking in and out. I figured that probably gave our "peeper friend" a pretty good view of my cock in my wife's cunt. A couple of times I asked my wife to look and see if the guy was still watching us. She always told me that, "Yes, he was". Brandie had a couple of smaller orgasms as I was fucking her and I was getting close to mine. Once again I asked her to look and see if the "peeper" was still there. She looked around me, and then quickly slammed her head back down on the bed. Looking up into my face, she said, "There are a COUPLE of guys there NOW! I don't know if it's two, or more, but I can see that it's more than one!"
I laughed and told her that we must be putting on a pretty good show. Then I stroked her hard a couple of more times. The thought that she had a larger audience now, really got to her and my wife had the biggest orgasm of the night! I felt her cunt clamp hard on my cock, spasm, she literally gushed with juices, and she tensed up and nearly screamed as she came! I couldn't take anymore, so I drove my cock in hard and as deep as I could get, held it there, and let my load go up her cunt! I felt some of it leak out around my cock, run down her crack and drip onto the bed. I wondered if the guys at the windows could see all the details.
I let my wife's legs back down on the bed, bent down, kissed her passionately, and then asked her if we still had an audience. As she looked around me, she caught them all walking away. I told her they probably figured the "show" was over and they wanted to get away from the window before we caught them there.
I pulled my softening cock out of my wife's well fucked pussy, and watched as she got up and some of the cum I had deposited deep inside her, squirted out onto the bed spread as she sat up. Then she went to the bathroom to clean up, I just lay back on the bed and started watching more porno flicks.
When she came out of the bathroom, she went to the window and closed the curtains all the way. Then she got on the bed with me and we cuddled as we watched movies. Several times, we saw a shadow of a man walk by our window and we suspected it was one of the "peepers" coming back by to see if he could get another look of some more action.
We surfed through the different channels full of porno and after an hour or so, we were hungry. I suggested that we order a pizza and that when the pizza delivery guy came, that my wife go to the door for the pizza in her nightie. I also suggested that after she get the pizza at the door, that she tell the guy she needed to get the money, then go to her purse, which was on the other side of the room on the luggage rack by the bathroom, and "bend over" to get the money out of her purse. This would give the guy a good look at her ass and pussy. She said it would be just her luck that they would send a girl, or some old ugly guy. I laughed and told her the "old ugly guy" might be possible, but I doubted they would send a woman to what they surely knew was an adult motel.
My wife placed the call for the pizza and at the end of the call, she told them, "Don't send me some old ugly delivery guy." then she giggled as she hung up the phone. I told her that with a woman calling for a pizza, from this motel, that all of the delivery guys are probably arguing over who is going to get to deliver THAT pizza!
About 45 minutes later, there was a knock on our door. Brandie went to the door, just as we planned earlier, wearing nothing but her nearly see through black nightie that barely came down below her pussy in the front, and over her ass in the back. I was lying on the bed completely naked, just watching porno flicks. My wife opened the door to see a pizza delivery guy about 40 years old. He wasn't "her type", as he looked older than he probably really was, but it didn't matter, because she wasn't planning on fucking him, anyway.
As she took the pizza from him and set it on the dresser next to the TV, he was so engrossed in checking my wife out, that he hadn't even seen me, yet! As Brandie bent over to put the pizza on the short dresser next to the TV, she was still mostly facing towards him and I could see him lean a little to his right to get a better look at my wife's tits, which I knew had to be nearly falling out of the top of her nightie. As she stood up, she told the delivery guy, she had to get the money out of her purse, and she turned around and walked away from him, towards her purse on the other side of the room.
As she walked away from him, the delivery guy was watching her. Then he suddenly looked over at the bed, and for the first time, realized I was lying there, stark naked! He kind of shook, as if he had caught a sudden chill and tried to act nonchalant as if he wasn't eyeballing my wife like a pervert! I just grinned and waved at him as if to say, "Hello."
About that time, my wife was bending over on the other side of the room, getting the money out of her purse. He was looking straight at her, but even from my sideways viewpoint, it was obvious that my wife's whole bare ass was plainly visible! I had no doubt, that from his vantage point, he could also see her pussy peeking out from between her thighs! I looked at the delivery guy and I could see that his eyes were fixated on my wife's ass. Then he shot a glance in my direction and with a smile on my face, I just gave him a "thumbs up" sign and nodded my head as if to say, "That's a GREAT view, isn't it?" I guess he understood that it was OK to look, so he just looked right back at my wife and stared at her as she finished fishing the money out of her purse, (which she took a little longer to do than she needed to), and stood up. Then he watched her as she walked back towards him with the money in her outstretched hand.
The delivery guy took the money. My wife told him, "To keep the change." He just nodded and said, "Thanks.", as my wife closed the door. Just as she was closing the door, I looked at the guy's crotch and I could see that he had a definite "bulge" in the front of his Dockers! After closing the door, we both broke up laughing! I told Brandie, "You should have seen that guy! He wanted to fuck you so bad he was sweating! He had a bulge in the front of his pants by the time you closed the door."
She said, "You're kidding me! He got a hard on just from a few seconds of looking at me?"
I told her, "He sure did! Come here."
I held my hand out toward her and she took it. I pulled her over to the side of the bed and felt her pussy. It was soaking wet! I slid a couple of fingers into her cunt and I said, "You liked having him looking at you didn't you?"
I felt her cunt muscles twitch on my fingers and she said, "Yeah, it was pretty cool. I "think" I like being watched."
We watched porno movies while we ate the pizza and talked about the fun we had been having tonight. We also talked about this new found "exhibitionist" side of my wife that we might have discovered tonight.
We had always had fun going out to nightclubs and bars with her dressed as sexy, (I liked to call it "slutty"), as she dared. She was always willing to be pretty daring and she often dressed like a hooker, big hair, lots of makeup, short assed dresses, high heels, stockings. She also often "flashed" guys while sitting on a barstool, or playing pool. She liked to "show off" and we always went home horny and had incredible sex while I talked to her about all the men, who had seen her that night, and would love to be doing to her, what I was doing to her right then!
So, we always knew that she liked to "show off" a bit, but this night in the adult motel, we discovered that her "exhibitionist" streak, went a little deeper, than just giving men an occasional "flash", she REALLY liked to be watched actually having sex! She admitted that it was an additional "kick" for her to be watched. That it really excited her more than usual when she KNEW those guys were watching her at the window! She LIKED BEING WATCHED, and now she ADMITTED it!
After we were done with the pizza, we opened the curtains a little bit more than we had them before and waited for another "peeper". When we had one, my wife started giving me a blow job. Another "peeper" joined the first one and once my wife knew she had a "larger audience", she went into high gear! We had sex in every possible way and position and she had several smaller orgasms while we built her up to that "big one". I was fucking her doggy style, with her head towards the TV, and my ass towards the headboard of the bed. In this way, our "friends" could plainly see my cock working in and out of my wife's cunt. I grabbed a hand full of Brandie's hair, pulled her head back, and then I turned her face towards the window. I told her to open her eyes and look at the window. When she did, she saw that there were three or more guys, at the window and they were jostling each other for the best view through the opening in the curtains. My wife let out a gasp and she almost immediately began to cum! I could feel her cunt spasm around my cock, she gushed juices, soaked my balls and some of it dripped onto the bed in front of my knees! She screamed, not even trying to keep it low key and quite, she just screamed and moaned as she tensed up and I pulled her hair, pulling her head back as she went through her orgasm!
That was all I could take! As I pulled her hair/head back, I drove as deep into her cunt as I could get and let my load go deep inside her hot fuck hole! I felt it oozing back out around my cock and some of it dripped onto the bed. I let her hair go. My wife dropped her head down and leaned forward so that she was face down on the bed with her ass still up, my softening cock still in her, and I was holding her ass on each side. I gave her a couple of slow shallow strokes, and then I pulled my cock out as I stepped onto the floor, next to the bed. As I did, I tried to give the guys at the window a show by letting some of our juices drip off my cock onto the bed. I also pulled my wife's ass around so that the "peepers" had a perfect view of my wife's well fucked, cum dripping, cunt!
I stood to the side and reached between my wife's legs to rub her juicy pussy and she responded by wiggling her ass and moaning with pleasure. I played my fingers in the "sloppiness" of her well fucked cunt for a few minutes, for the viewing pleasure of our "audience". Then I stopped and moved towards the window to close the curtains. As I approached the window, two of the guys quickly took off. But, one of the guys waited until I was right at the window, looking straight at him, then he gave me a "thumbs up" sign and mouthed, "Thank you for the show."
The rest of the weekend was just as much fun as we gave more shows the next night and fucked ourselves silly all weekend long. I stayed naked whenever we were in the room and Brandie went through her whole wardrobe of lingerie. We had sex in every imaginable way and gave several shows through the window. One time, my wife even got bold enough to go outside and walk up the sidewalk to the soda machine while wearing nothing but a nearly see through nightie, thigh high stockings, and a pair of sexy, "come fuck me", black velvet, high heeled pumps!
So, there you have it! The story of how we discovered my wife, Brandie's, "exhibitionist" persona! Several years later, we discovered that not only did my wife enjoy being watched while she was having sex, but it drove her WILD to have ME watching her while she was having sex with other men!