Please be advised there is no sex in this story. I am most appreciative to Bubba in CA for his help with proofreading and story suggestions as this story looks nothing like the first proof six weeks ago. Bubba's suggestions have really enhanced and made my stories more readable. Strange how a story evolves. Also, my appreciation to FIFOFemale for help with editing. Stories are not written and published in a day or a weekend, even a short story as this has taken weeks to get to the publishing stage. Constructive criticism is welcome, however people who hide under the anonymous label and just say cuck shit, and score 1 get deleted, you're not welcome here. People need to be more positive and thankful for the work authors put into stories, especially the stories they don't agree with. Remember nobody gets paid for submitting.
The following story is a work of fiction and does not depict any actual persons or events. Any likeness to actual persons or events is purely coincidental. All parties engaging in sexual activity are of legal age of 18 and consenting adults. This is for entertainment purposes and is not an avocation for the activities contained herein.
*****
The Cheater's Gate
© 2017 Freewheel
I was filled with trepidation as I entered the hospital, the same hospital where I had lost my wife Sue several months previously. I dreaded walking the sterile halls as all the memories of my loss came flooding back. To me, this place was a double-edged sword, one side of sadness and grief as opposed to the other side which was happiness and joy. I only knew one side, and that was pain and unhappiness. However, I was brought back to reality as I realized my purpose for being there; to support my neighbors Ted and Deb. Ted had been seriously injured in a motorcycle accident the night before. At one point the doctors thought they had lost him but Ted managed to make it through the night and was now expected to recover, albeit in a wheelchair for the remainder of his lifetime with a very low quality of life. Over the course of the past 30 years Ted had been in so many motorcycle accidents that the standing joke was that he was being held together with screws and nuts.
I found his wife by his bedside although he was still unconscious, "Deb, I'm sorry we're back at this horrid place, there are too many bad memories here. "What are his chances of walking again?"
"None, he is paralyzed from the waist down and there is severe damage to his spinal cord and nervous system. There is no hope of him ever walking or functioning as a man again."
Ted had been out drinking, probably smoking a little weed, and was returning home on icy roads and because he was high he was traveling too fast for the conditions. He entered a curve too fast and didn't come out the other side but went straight into a tree. This morning the doctor had declared Ted would never walk again and would most likely be in a wheelchair for the remainder of his life. Deb had asked if there was a possibility that with further surgery he would regain use of his legs but the doctor said there had been too much damage to his spinal cord.
"Deb, what can I do?"
"Jim, right at this moment, nothing. You have always been the best neighbor anyone could wish for and you've always been there for us when we needed help but there is really nothing that you can do. Ted needs time, but he will never be the same again."
"Deb, don't forget how you were there for Sue during those last painful months and you have been my crutch since she died as well. If there is anything I can do please don't hesitate to ask."
"Ok, come over tonight and keep me company, I need to discuss something with you."
"Ok, I'll bring a bottle of Merlot to help cheer us up."
My name is Jim Taylor and I'm 55 years old and newly retired. I lost my wife Sue about six months ago to ovarian cancer. I thought her checkups were regular but somehow by the time they discovered the cancer it was too far advanced for treatment so we just tried to make Sue comfortable those last few months. She had been a looker, standing 5'9" and weighing no more than 130 but she had plenty of curves, beautiful breasts that filled a C cup, and legs that went on forever. When Sue wore heels she was my height, 6'1" and I encouraged her to wear heels often because I loved to look in her beautiful green eyes. Did I forget to mention that she was a natural redhead?
Sex with Sue was never boring and she was up for anything as long as it didn't involve someone else. She had a little exhibitionist streak which we both saw as harmless fun that we enjoyed. However, we kept our marriage vows right to the end and never involved others in our love life. She was the love of my life and since she had died I felt a huge void. Life would never be the same.
Sue taught 4thgrade at our local elementary school and was hired straight after we finished our degrees. So, by the time we discovered her cancer, she had worked 30+ years and was a senior member of the staff. She had a bubbly personality that drew everyone to her and I never knew anyone that didn't immediately like her.
We never had children, not that we didn't try. After trying unsuccessfully for two years, finally, in desperation, we went to our doctor who determined that Sue wasn't able to conceive because of some problem with her ovaries. I never understood exactly what was wrong because our doctor gave a medical term about a mile long and his explanation just muddied the waters even more. We discussed the option of adopting but decided if we couldn't make a baby on our own we would just have a childless marriage. Sue was disappointed and often cried but I just took it in stride. At that point in our marriage I was very busy with work and wasn't sure what kind of parent I would be so silently I was pleased. Now, without Sue the past few months I wish we had a dozen kids. Life on your own is painfully lonely and I yearned for the children we never had. I never understood the concept of loneliness until Sue passed away. Now, that I was retired and without Sue, I have nothing but time and self-pity to fill my life.
Before I retired I worked for the government as an engineer. In the beginning, I had to travel but the last 20 years of my career I was able stay in the office and my traveling was curtailed. After years of being on the road Sue was delighted for me to be at home and I was happy to be there. Because we both had good jobs and no children we were able to pay off our college loans, our mortgage, and all other bills quickly. Then we started investing money while taking nice vacations twice a year. We had planned to retire early and travel extensively in our golden years but those plans were disrupted by her sickness. The money was there, but my motivation to travel was gone.
Our next-door neighbors, Ted and Deb, were our best friends. We socialized and traveled with them at every opportunity. We even installed a gate in our backyard that led to their house. One or the other was always at our house or us at theirs. When one of the four of us was sick we all took turns caring for the ill person. We always used that gate to come and go and never bothering to knock before entering the other's house.
Deb lost both parents in a car crash when she was 18. There was a significant settlement and with insurance, Deb received a substantial amount of money. She married Ted when they both turned 20 and moved in next to us paying cash for the house. Neither had a college degree but Deb had enough money to buy a Harley business which Ted managed and Deb worked there as a secretary/bookkeeper, or salesperson when needed. Motorcycles, especially Harleys, are very popular and Ted and Deb seemed to stay very busy with their business. After many successful years they opened three other Harley dealerships in the Dallas area and all became booming successes.
There is an age difference. Sue and I were 30 when Ted and Deb bought the property next door. They were both 20, so we were 10 years older than them. The age difference never bothered any of us because we all shared many of the same interests.
I waited until 7:00 pm and looked out the window to make sure all the well-wishers had left before going through the back gate to their back door. Usually, we didn't knock but with Ted's terrible accident I wasn't comfortable barging in so I knocked. Deb came to the door immediately. "Jim, why did you knock? We haven't done that in 25 years, come on in."
I handed Deb the bottle of wine and told her "I had been saving it for the right occasion and after Ted's latest accident I think we both need a drink."
Deb turned and looked at me strangely and then, "well I have something to tell you and you might not think so much of your best friend after you hear it although you may want another bottle."
I was dumbfounded as I looked at her because I didn't think any of us had secrets. I opened the bottle and poured us both a glass and looked at Deb waiting for her to continue.
"Jim, you know I think of you as the brother I never had and we've always been straight with each other and able to speak our mind? There is something that I need to you tell you but have been waiting for the right moment. I think that moment has come but this isn't something easy for me to share. Sue had a secret almost five years ago that she shared with me just before she passed and made me promise to tell you. This involves Ted and now with him in the hospital with little possibility of returning home now is the time to share Sue's secret."
"I didn't think any of us had secrets from each other, especially my wife?"
"Do you remember the year Ted has his motorcycle crash and was laid up at home all summer? That would have been five years ago. Do you remember canceling your vacation so Sue could look after Ted?"
"Yes, of course I remember. Sue was off all summer so it was only natural for her to look after Ted. I just rescheduled my vacation and we took a cruise at Christmas."
"Well, are you aware she did more than just care for his injuries?"
"I assume she had to help bathe, dress and cook for him."
"Did you know that while Ted was laid up that summer that he talked Sue into having sex with him?"
"Are you suggesting they had sex that summer?"
"Yes. They didn't suddenly have an affair and I don't think it was planned but because of Ted's injuries and, since Sue became his daytime caretaker, as he started to heal he persuaded her to have sex with him. They started out with hand jobs but that quickly turned to intercourse."
I leaned back in my chair and thought that never once did I ever doubt or think Sue would cheat. We had a wonderful sex life almost right up to the end. Sue never denied me sex, ok maybe we didn't fuck every time but we seemed to balance our intercourse with oral or mutual masturbation which always left us totally satisfied. It was all fun. We rarely argued and I trusted her completely. There were never nights with the girls because she would rather cuddle up with me on the couch and watch TV, even if we watched sports. We shared and did almost everything together from shopping to washing cars. When we were at home we were always together. I just couldn't see her finding room in her busy life for sex with someone other than me. But the more I thought, she did seem to change the latter part of that summer, subtle changes that only I could pick up. Sue said she was stressed and now I realized what caused her stress and that was because of her affair with Ted.
"Deb, if they were so careful, how do you know about the affair?"
"Sue told me the week before she passed away. The affair weighed heavily on her heart and she needed to ask for my forgiveness and also, she wanted me to tell you at an appropriate time. I couldn't bring myself to tell you while Ted was rational and working but now that he will be out of my life I feel this is the right time. I am sorry that I have kept this from you but I just couldn't find the right opportunity to tell you. I was also afraid you would be violent with Ted."
"What do you mean out of your life? He won't be hospitalized forever."
"No, he won't be in a hospital but his injuries are so serious that he most likely will be in some sort of institution that can deal with his problems. He has complete loss of his legs and he won't be able to function sexually again either, but he also has a central nervous problem requiring specialist care. His cheating had created a wedge between us and I told him two months ago, I was leaving, so he won't be surprised. I have been busy getting my affairs in order and I was almost ready to file for divorce. His accident will just make things easier for me."
"My brain isn't functioning and I can't process anymore just now; I will see you tomorrow." With that I got up and returned home. How could my dear wife of over 33 years cheat on me? I felt shattered, having just learned that my best friend and my loving wife had an affair just left me numb. My perfect marriage was now a sham. I found my unopened bottle of Jim Bean and poured a healthy slug, then I found my IPad and opened up the photo album and looked at the pictures of Sue and in every picture she looked so happy and beaming. I just didn't understand. How could she have lived a double life for the last few years of our marriage? I picked up my cell phone and while crying called Deb, "I'm sorry I left so abruptly, I feel awful, like my entire marriage was a sham. I realize now I never really knew Sue and now I don't know what to do." I could hear Deb moving as she talked to me and then I looked up and she was by my side.
"Jim, I am here for you. I didn't tell you all of this to cause you pain. Sue would not have wanted that. You should know that Sue was an amazing person and wanted to help everyone. There is more so do you want to hear the rest of the story tonight or tomorrow?"
"Deb, can we wait until tomorrow? I don't know if I can bear hearing anymore this evening." By then I had finished three double shots of whiskey and after the wine was not feeling any pain.
"Let's get you to bed and I am going to stay with you. You don't need to be alone tonight, and for that matter, neither do I."
Deb true to her word got me in bed and then undressed down to her underwear and crawled in with me. This was the first contact with another woman since Sue had died and other than Sue the first contact since before our marriage. I have to admit that she felt wonderful spooning against my body. Deb was shorter than Sue by about 3" inches and most likely weighed about 10 pounds more so she was definitely on the curvier side and when she spooned into me I immediately got an erection for which I apologized. She said don't worry it's only natural.
The next morning, I woke up to the smell of coffee and bacon. Deb greeted me with a cup of coffee and asked me how I liked my eggs, like she didn't already know because there in the pan was a western omelet, cooked just the way I like it. "Sit down Jim, you breakfast is ready so eat while it's hot."
"Damn, I could get used to this. Where is your breakfast?" then Deb sat down with a bowl of yogurt and fruit.
"You may have to get used to this because I'm not going anywhere. In fact, I may not move out of your bed."
I have always found Deb attractive but never had sexual thoughts about her. Sue was all I could handle but apparently she needed more than what I was giving her. Those thoughts passed quickly and I turned my thoughts back to Deb.
"Deb, during the time Sue and I were married I never cheated on her or even desired another woman. I do find you attractive and yesterday I thought of us as brother and sister even though we are not related, however, after you holding me all night those feelings have changed. I welcome you to my bed but I can't make any promises. Are you sure this is what you want, after all you are still married and Ted is seriously injured in the hospital."
"Ted cheated on me since we were first married. We were married because I was pregnant but lost the baby in the last trimester. After that, I was never able to conceive again. I didn't know the extent of his cheating until just this year and he cheated with many more than just Sue, and believe me, I was as hurt and emotional as you are. I have been making plans to divorce him so you must realize this past year with him has not been easy. I have treated him with contempt and will never forgive him for what he did. Between what he told me and what Sue shared I pretty much know the whole story and I have to say it was all Ted. Sue was the innocent victim of Ted, she was reluctant from the very beginning and once they started having sex it overwhelmed her with guilt. It placed a huge emotional cloud over Sue and I don't understand how she was able to cope with it and deal normally with you."
"How did it start?"
"Five years ago after his last accident, Ted broke his leg and arm Sue became his main caretaker. She had to wash him and also change his clothes. He begged her to give him a hand job. She was reluctant and refused until he finally broke her resolve. Jim, Ted had a very unusual penis, he was maybe a little longer than average at about 7" but he had a very significant upward curve. That curve stroked the G-spot going in and coming out and we never had sex that I didn't have a vaginal orgasm."
Deb paused a second before continuing, "Sue told me that when she washed him he always got an erection which he begged and begged for her to finish him to completion. Sue was reluctant but mystified by his curved erection and wondered how it would fill inside her. Finally, one day after she had been giving him hand jobs for two weeks, while he was lying on the bed she lowered her pants and climbed on top and rode him until they both came. This became a daily occurrence as he recovered. Sue ended the sex when she returned to school in August and Jim, Sue said she had never been so happy for a school year to start. This affair wasn't Sue's fault, it was Ted's. He was the ultimate seducer and knew exactly what he was doing."
"I still have a hard time getting my head around the fact that Sue cheated on me. Were there other times or did it only happen that summer?"
"They only had sex during the month before Sue started back to school, so it was only a few times. Sue never denied you anything, including sex and was totally committed to you until she died. She was the most cheerful, thoughtful and helpful person I have ever known. Ted on the other hand, often had excuses for us not to have sex. I don't know how I put up with him all those years and often accused him of having an affair even though I had no proof. He has hardly been around the dealerships the past ten years so there is no telling who he was fucking. He always managed to put on a normal front when around either you, Sue, or myself."
"When Sue told you all this did you forgive her?"
"Jim, she was in hospice care and we all knew she only had days to live. How could I not forgive her? Of course, I did. You would have done the same."
I went over and gave Deb a huge hug and we both shared a few tears. "I want to thank you, first for being there for Sue and I know it was hard dealing with her confession and living with Ted this past year. Also, thank you for being here with me as I don't think I could have dealt with this on my own."
"Jim, I haven't told you the whole story, do you want me to continue?"
"What else is there?"
"Sue knew my marriage to Ted was basically over. She asked me to be here for you and that was an easy promise for me to keep. I promised Sue to help you get over her loss and I aim to do just that."
"I still feel the pain from her death and thought I would get over it with time, however, hearing that she cheated with Ted has reopened those painful memories and now I am even more hurt and confused. I might be able to forgive a "one off" but this affair obviously continued for weeks."
"Jim, because of Ted's accident, what I need to do is going to be so much easier and that is, file for divorce. I knew I was going to divorce him but the question was when? I am not sure if you are aware of this but all the dealerships are in my name so I have decided to put them up for sale. Owning Harley dealerships has become a very lucrative business and selling them shouldn't be hard. We have invested over the years and even though I am not yet 45 I have plenty of cash and investments to never have to work again. Even after I share 50/50 with Ted so he can be in care, I will have plenty left. I have always been envious of you and Sue, mainly because of your love and devotion to each other but also your plans to travel. I know I can't replace Sue but can I be your travel buddy and see everything you had planned with Sue?
"Do you really want to do that? I didn't think you like to travel."
"You don't know me as well as you thought. I have always had a wanderlust and nothing would please me more than seeing the country and also the world. It was Ted who hated to go anywhere and besides he would never take time off work. With both of us doing important jobs in the business, especially as we expanded, it was difficult for us both to be gone at the same time."
"Ok, let's think about this. You have many things to do today but tonight, let's sit down and make a list of places we want to see in the states then a list of sights in the world. Sue and I had a list but you might want to see or do other things."
"Sue showed me your travel dreams and I would love to just use that list. I was so envious when she shared that with me."
We cleaned up the breakfast dishes then Deb went home to shower and attend to her business. I had an element of excitement that I had not felt in years. I found Deb good-looking and there was definitely a sexual attraction but I wasn't sure if I was ready for sex. It just didn't feel right for some reason, however, as a traveling buddy, I was completely comfortable with her.
The next few weeks passed quickly. Ted had been served, neither of us visited him, and he knew the reason why. He had plowed one too many bushes and now it was time to pay for his deeds and face a lonely life in care.
A week before the divorce was final Ted called, "Jim, can you forgive me? I don't know why I took advantage of Sue other than the fact that she was there caring for me but I want to apologize. I realize I pushed her to do something she obviously didn't want to do. If you can find it in your heart, I would still like to be friends."
"Ted, you have a lot of nerve calling me. If you weren't in hospital and in a wheelchair, I would have whipped your ass. You are a cold, callous bastard. How many marriages have you ruined during your life because of your philandering? I can tell you that you have put a dark cloud over what I considered a perfectly happy marriage. Deb said you will be in care for the remainder of your life, which I hear will also be a sexless life. I will leave you with something to think about; in one week, your divorce will be final and Deb and I are taking off together. While you are stuck in that wheelchair eating institutional food your ex-wife will be sharing my bed and having great sex with me. How is that for retribution?"
He didn't comment but just hung up the phone. That was the last time I ever talked to him.
We had a travel plan incorporating many National Parks and well as numerous attractions such as vineyards and wineries. When possible we would bypass the big cities as we wanted to see the country not concrete jungles. I bought a new Jeep Wrangler and had hitches installed to tow it behind the motorhome. Deb sold her franchise within the first two weeks and we waited until the deal closed and her divorce finalized before making our departure.
Deb spent her time between her house and mine. We shared our meals together and slept in the same bed. I asked her if we could take it slow because I wasn't ready to have sex yet besides I didn't want it to feel like rebound sex. I thought that as long as we were neighbors we knew everything about each other but I discovered new things about my friend and none disappointed me. However, I was still upset about Sue's cheating and just falling in bed with someone without a connection was not my way and neither would it mend a broken heart.
During the next few weeks we shopped and equipped the RV for an extended trip. My RV was the same size as a Greyhound bus and was a lavish home on wheels. In the rear was a large master bedroom with its own shower and toilet. Further up was another, smaller bedroom and a second bathroom. There were pull outs on both sides which increased the size of all rooms. The kitchen, dining room and living room were all luxurious and well equipped. Driving the RV was similar to my Lexus only much larger and even though I was pulling a jeep, you would never know it.
On the morning that Deb's divorce was finalized we departed Dallas and headed west. We stopped for lunch in Abilene then drove on to Van Horn where we stopped for the night. Van Horn is about as deep into West Texas as you can be and still be in the Central Time Zone. Two miles outside of Van Horn the time changes to Mountain Time.
We grilled steaks and shared a bottle of wine and talked about the excitement of the trip. After eating we cleaned up and I looked at Deb, "I think after such a long day, we should have an early evening and maybe a bit of fun. Are you up to it?"
"I've been waiting on you, lead the way."
That night marked several things, first of all, it sealed our relationship as a couple. We had incredible sex that hinged on being better than I remembered with Sue, we got closure concerning Ted and Sue's affair, and I found my motivation to travel albeit with a younger woman who I'm sure one day will be my wife.
Note:
This is a BTB story, however in this case, it means BURN THE BASTARD!