Authors note: This story is my entry to theLiterotica 2022 Halloween Story Contest. Enjoy the entries and, of course, vote!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I hopped onto the circulation desk and sat facing the entrance. It wasn't peak hours, but I was bored and this was kind of my spot. The electronic doors opened and a freshman guy entered. I just knew. For one, it was still early in the semester, and secondly, he paused to take in the massive lobby area. His eyes wandered around the open atrium, the entrances to the historical collection rooms on either side, the open mezzanine levels above, the central stairs leading to the lower levels, and finally to the desk and me.
"Umm, where would I find biographies?" he asked. He wasn't bad looking at all, but he needed to dress a little better to draw a girl's serious attention. I pegged him as an engineering major.
I pointed to the stairs. "Down a level, around to the left and about 3/4 of the way back. Keep going until you see 921 on the end of the shelves. There will be a bunch of them."
He didn't reply. They never do.
Tina, behind me, asked, "General biographies or something from our special collections?"
"Oh, uh, just general ones. I've got to find someone to write a report on. Steve Jobs or somebody like that."
"Okay, sure." I heard her typing away. "Okay, it's down a level? And, there will be a map on a pedestal in front of you. You're looking for... let me look again... 921."
"Great! Thanks!" he said and wondered off.
"Fucking hell, Tina," I said. "You work here. Learn the fucking Dewey Decimal system and the fucking layout of the library, why don't you?" I voiced a frustrated growl, all for naught. She didn't hear me either. I was in amood. There just wasn't anything to do. Or, rather, there wasn't anythingnewto do.
As I was grousing, the doors opened again and Tim entered, all 6'6" of him. I knew he was on the basketball team, and I knew just about every glorious inch of his body. But he didn't bring along a fucking girlfriend. That wasextremelydisappointing. I mean, help a girl out, Tim.Anyof them would do.
Well, just triggering the memory of him fucking a girl stirred a certain desire in me, so I did my thing. It never paid off, but you never know. It's not like my life is likeGroundhog Day. My nipples, bless them, responded to my lusty thoughts. I scooted back on the desk a bit, spread my legs and set my feet on the edge. My shaved cunt was right there for him to see, lick, finger or fuck, all nice and pink. And he did what they all do: walked right by without a look.
That's my fucking afterlife.
Life. Ha. Some life!
Here's some interesting bits. I died naked. Nope, wasn't wearing a stitch. Apparently, if you die not wearing a fucking stitch and you become a fucking ghost, your afterlife is spent fucking naked. I can't speak for other ghosts. I haven't met one. But the frustrations of ghostly life quickly take a toll. Without any other real means of expressing that frustration, I'm left with the regular use of course language. I didn't used to sayfuckingthis andfuckingthat, but now I do. You're fucking forewarned.
Now, I gotta say. I'm a hot little package. I'm 5'5", a former High School cheerleader - toned and blubber free, with dyed dirty blonde hair, TV-ready whitened teeth, piercing blue eyes that lean a little grey, button nose, pert tits that jiggle but don't bounce, and a nice tan all over except for a patch of white skin you know where that would horrify my mom if she ever saw how small it is.
I know. I'm sounding a bit self-absorbed. Well, just you wait!
My nails look great! They're shiny red with a strip of silver at the edge. And, lucky me, I shaved just hours before I died because I was going on a date. Well, not much of one, really. Because I was going to have sex, then. So, listen up. If you're going to fucking die and be a ghost, make sure you look good beforehand. You don't want to walk around for the rest of your fucking afterlife with hairy legs, do you?
I've got something even better. I. Don't. Age. How's that? Yep. Things are shaping up that I'll be a hot little package eternally. Fucking awesome, right? Only, no one can appreciate me except me.
I'm going to whine some more. Maybe the idea of being a ghost will haunt you.
Those TV shows or whatever have it all wrong. I'm not a pale, wispy see-thru apparition. I don't have chains or a sheet with eye holes or rotting body parts. And, now having had time to think about it, I'll invite you to think about it to. I wish I could fucking hear you think. I need the company and the help.
Starters. Let's say I was wearing them when I died. Why would I have clothes? They didn't fucking die. Just li'l ol' me. So far, I haven't bumped into any other ghosts, naked or not, so I'm not sure on this, but me, myself and I had a rigorous debate and concluded that whether in life or death, it just makes sense you enter it naked. Fuck Hollywood and their PG ratings.
To my eyes, I look just as real as a ghost as I did before I died. I can't really see all of my back side or really check out my hair, but I think it's all the same. Mirrors and reflective surfaces don't seem to work. Nope, no unusually long canines, either. I checked. I can poke my skin, and it'll bend and turn pale or red or whatever. But I can't feel afuckingthing. You understand myfuckingemphasis, right?
I've got forever to think of my life's regrets, but here's an unexpected one. I was never into science because like, why should I? Right? But now, I have questions. I'm sitting on the desk. That works. I can walk on the floor. I can walk on steps. I can't float around all spooky like. So, I can walk on stuff and sit on stuff. That's helpful.
But what holds me up? I mean, it's not like I want to pass through the earth and end up in fucking China. But, if I did, it doesn't make sense for me to fly off into space, or sink right back to here. So, there's a gravity thing in play. I don't understand gravity either, but it's at least a scientific thing that I can trust in. So, gravity works on ghosts but matter stops me from falling to the center of the earth, I'm thinking. As bored as I get, it kind of interests me.
Why? Well, not just because I'm fucking bored. If there's a law of gravity, and matter supports me, what the fuck is up with whatever the law of matter is? I can walk through closed doors. See the inconsistency? What the fuck is up with that? I mean, it's helpful because I can't open them either.
Let's review. Feet work on floors. Hands, too. All of me works on floors. Or desks. I've tried everything and all good.
Hands don't work on doors. Or doorknobs. Or anything else other than general surfaces where I'd normally expect to be able to walk or sit.
Makes no fucking sense.
But wait, there's more! Because you know there's more to being a fucking ghost. I can pass through a closed door, but I can't pass through a wall. I mean, why the hell not? Door? Yes. Wall? No. smh! That's "shaking my head" for any illiterates.
Okay, and here's another bogus abuse of reality. I can pass through doors, but I can't pass through exit doors. The library is literally my world.
You take those few facts and then maybe you'll understand. I'm in a library, where I might become the most learned ghost every, and I can't read a fucking book. Imagine that. I can read, don't get me wrong. But I can only read whatever pages are open. I can'tturnthe fucking page. Some of these books might have answers for me. Science. Religion. Physics. Whatever. Fuck them all. And fuck me.
Now, I'm not completely without access to news. Laptops can be helpful. Just like pages pass through my fingers, I can sit, like, "in" somebody's space while they do their thing. I get no gratification out of it, if that's what you're thinking. It's just weird to see bits of two people in the same place. What idiot made these rules?
Yeah, yeah. I don't have to sit. I could stand. I don't get tired. I don't sleep. But laptops are easier to read when you're sitting, so I sit. And that's how I keep up with the date, the news, and the usual shit that happens in the world that I happen not give a fuck about anymore. Bored. Maybe I do give a fuck. I keep hoping for confirmation that Betty Whitereallydied. Hashtag fake news?
And then there's smart phones. You ever wonder what people do with their smart phones? Of course you do. They do the same things you do with yours when other people can't see. Well, the library is apparently where you go to avoid prying eyes on your cell phone. I pry, because I fucking can.
Relationship drama, for example, makes fine reading, I've got to tell you. Better, the students here are pretty horny! I mean, I know what I did, but other than girl talk, I didn't have a sense of what was really going on. The stories I could tell.
Well, those stories are mostly what keeps me alive, pardon the pun. It's not like I can work myself into an orgasmic frenzy, because some cosmic dice roll dictated that ghosts can't feel anything. But, hey, a lot about sex is mental, and I can at least see my body respond. Sometimes. Like when watching Tim, the basketball player, stuff his amazingly long cock down a girl's throat in the bathroom.
Like I said, I pry. And I'm not shy about it. Non-participatory sex is pretty much the fucking highlight of the ghostly life, and I'm drawn to it wherever I can find it. And fuck campus wi-fi for blocking porn. So annoying.
The upper floors are all open desks and workspaces, but the lower floors have these little cloistered study desks where the horny go. I didn't have to wait to be a ghost to find that out. And that's where those who with some imagination go. You know... sexting. Selfies. And thank you, FaceTime. A video is worth a thousand words is it not? You betcha.
So, it's just naked me, being wherever I want to be as long as I'm in the library. The exit doors somehow know not to let me out. Who the fuck made these rules? I haven't figured that out, and all I'm left with is that ghosts are stuck where they fucking died. And the library is where I fucking died.
I liked Roger. I mean, I didn't like his name. Roger? But you don't choose a guy for his name. I think. Anyway, he's a good guy. Helped me with some of my homework. Good to look at. Considerate. Liked to dance. Liked to show this hot little package off to his Frat brothers, which is fun. But he didn't just do that when I was dressed for a date or half trashed. A good guy.
Liked to fuck. He wasn't arrogant, but once I understood how good a fucker he was, I understood his confidence in approaching me. Big beautiful dick and big balls. I can't say big beautiful balls, because are they? Really? No. But damn, when they slapped me as he was fucking me, yeah. Big beautiful balls.
Sometimes, roommates got in the way when a girl wants to play. Urges have to be met. What to do? Find some bushes at the edge of campus? Find a golf fairway at night? Well, been there done that. But... hey, the library is fucking convenient for indoor sex. And unlike Tina, who gets fucking paid to work here, I did my homework.
There are places in the bowels of the library where people just don't go. It's the last of the subfloors. There's not a book there I'd want to read in my desperate condition. Yawn. It doesn't smell musty. It's got the same dim LED lights as on other floor, but not much goes down there, except girls like me.
It's great for sex, or at least for those like me with a little imagination. I, of course, am setting the world record for running around naked in this library, but real-life me probably has a firm hold on second place. It's like this. Go to that spot where you figure your stuff is safe. Your purse. Your cellphone. Your backpack. Right? Drop them there. Then drop your clothes. Then text your boyfriend, who by then is waiting to meet you at the entrance, that you're actually in the lowest level. Naked. If he can find you, he can fuck you. To encourage him, I texted a photo of my clothes and stuff, which I had put on a bookshelf. Game fucking on!
It's quiet down there. He wasn't being sneaky like he should. He was running this way and that, and I could duck as I wanted. It took him 15 minutes before I let him (Duh!), find me. When you're running around in a public space, it's pretty fucking exciting. But you're not running around to avoid your wet cunt from getting pounded with cock.
He found me, lust and amazement, a good look, written on his face. He pulled me to him, reaching around me to grasp a breast and finding my clit with the other. Then he whispers into my ear, his breath hot on my neck, in a menacing but promising way, "I'm... going... to... fuck... your...brains... out."
Yes, please. I want that.
Still squeezing my tit, he manages to drop his shorts and underwear. He bends me over to brace myself against a book shelf and just takes me. I mentioned I was wet? No foreplay needed. Just the satisfaction of his fat cock with a big mushroomy head pounding inside of me, while his balls emphasized the point with each thrust. Cervix, say hello to your best buddy.
Some books fell between the shelves. Some books fell and struck my feet. I didn't care, well, much anyway. I said some things that you just don't hear in polite conversation, and I said them loud enough to be heard. Having run around the place naked and not seeing anyone, I wasn't suddenly worried about others hearing me.
As good as it felt, Roger's a guy. It doesn't last forever. I politely informed him that I sensed he had an urgent biological need that might efficiently be met by ejaculating his semen inside my vagina. You know me better than that. Just a few sincere words, really, and he did just that.
Roger, bless him, was a cum factory. Maybe some girls don't like that? I fucking did, and I took delivery. The throbbing of his cock, the heat of each spurt of cum, the sense of fulness within me... It wasphenomenal. He did almost all the work, but I had to catch my fucking breath it was so great. Just the way I like it.
There is, of course, that frequent problem among womankind. I didn't get to orgasm. Fuck that. Lie down on the floor, dude.
His majesty wasn't so majestic, so I paid homage to lift his spirits. Roger was good for that. Fucking good would be closer to the point. I was a wet, cummy mess as I straddled him. He didn't mind. He knew about this chapter. I got to enjoy myself, and he got to play with my tits, watch me writhe on top of him and spout wisdom like how good I felt on his cock and how sexy I looked.
I wasn't in a fucking hurry. I know the way my body works. It takes some time. And, of course, I wasn't in any hurry for his beast of a cock to withdraw. I mean, any fucking cock feels good. But on that point his did the job the best.
There's a lot that goes into building to an orgasm, when you think about it. It's the stretching from his girth, the places inside he touches. It's the pacing. It's the heat where your bodies touch. It's the added senses when a guy understands how to grasp, lick and suck at your nipples. It's the breathing, the grunts, the moans. It's the way he looks at you wondrously. It's that mental mind-fuck risking the mixing of the creative forces of life itself. Maybe more so when cry for him to cum inside you and you don't even love him.
That night, three and a half fucking years ago, my orgasm built while he fucked me, a 50/50 chance with him, less with other guys. He felt it and began rocking his hips in a way that pleased me more than satisfying his own need. My vision started get a little starry as my orgasm approached, a little dizzy, and then there was this throbbing in my head. Yeah, that fucking good. That fucking huge orgasm that was almost upon me was certain to give me an out-of-body experience and...
I can't tell you how weird it is to see yourself separate from your body. Mind blowing. And then, wait. There's something wrong here. You watch your body collapse on him. His name was Roger, by the way, it's not like he was a fucking stranger. Anyway, you don't feel a thing. What the fuck kind of orgasm is that?
Roger... Roger thrust into me a final time, and I could see that from his expression that he had exhausted himself inside me. And I'm glad he did. It would be unfair for him to roll my dead body off of him without at least havingthat.
He was alarmed.Iwas alarmed. He tapped my cheeks with his palm. He shook my body a little. He put a finger on my carotid artery. He called my name, panicked. It turned out he knew CPR. He tried. But I knew. I was fucking dead. From fucking.
He dressed quickly, and I could tell he debated what to do about naked me, given the situation. He did the right thing and called 9-1-1 from his cell. Suffice it to say, there was a whole lot of coming and going, a lot of people checking out my not-so-hot looking, approaching room temperature body.
The police arrived. They made Roger talk a lot, saying the same things over and over. It was pretty fucking obvious he was telling the truth based on the mess that had come out to say hello. No bruises on my neck, yada, yada, yada. They took pictures of naked me, for once not a turn-on in my life, or, afterlife, I guess. Anyway, eventually off my body went on a gurney under a nice white sheet. I followed them, of course, until I got to the library exit and hit an invisible stone wall.
Worst of all, there was no explanation. "Blah, blah, blah, medical examiner, blah." What the fuck happened?
It wasn't a week before one of the librarians - a real one, not like Tina the hapless - brought her husband down to the spot. "Here. Right here." There weren't a lot of other words expressed other than the fuckity fuck language I use when I fuck. I watched as a married, mid-30's couple stripped and fucked where I died, while making morbid jokes. "Give me all you got, Steve. Let 'em see how good you fucked me when they see all that cum." Yeah. She must have seen the crime scene.
Watching them kind of gave me a warm feeling inside. Like I said, I'm kind of drawn to it, moth to the flame? Dead moth to a flame? But it made me appreciate life, too. I mean, they were almost twice as old as me, and they had a kinky good time. So even if I had lost at least another 15 years of good sex... I was happy for them.
Not! I didn't fucking feel that way. I was hoping that if I could make happy thoughts about the situation, the universe would regret its huge fucking mistake and correct it! It did mark the beginning of my live-porn addiction, so there'sthat.
It was the very next day when a fake librarian came down, with a girlfriend wearing that fucking goth crap. I'm not into girls, but they were. It didn't stop me from watching or catcalling or, frankly, learning how girls do girls. I didn't judge them, and the universe still didn't correct it's fucking mistake. Still hasn't. I've moved on from trying to bargain with the void. Given my present state, I'd do a girl if I could. Yep, ghostly living, the undiscovered path to fucking enlightenment.
There were other voyeuristic occasions before Roger came back. With a girl. We weren't an item. I couldn't hold it against him. She was attractive. Tits too big. Not as hot as me.
"So, this is where it happened?" she asked.
Dumb fuck. He had just pointed at his feet and said, "Here."
"It is kind of creepy down here," she said.
"No, not really. Not when you're having sex," Roger said suggestively.
"She really ran around naked?" she said. He'd obviously told her the whole story.
"Yeah. Quite a while. When the cops finally found her clothes, they asked me if I had hidden them and forced her to have sex," he said.
"Did you?" she asked.
He just looked at her suggestively for five seconds, then said, "Do you want me to hide yours?"
"Uhhh," she murmured.
Don't be a stupid cow. Play the game. Have some fun!
There was an awkward silence.
"What did she die of?" she asked.
Shocker! Thank you!Thatwas the million-dollar question. I wouldn't call her a dumb fuck ever again.
"A massive aneurysm," he said. "Something biological. No way anyone could have known."
Huh.
"Her mom called me to let me know. They don't like me, which I kind of understand, but I guess she thought I might feel guilty about it. I appreciated that," Roger said.
Other than being mymom, she was a pretty good person. I didn't focus much on my parents or my sister or my friends on how they were doing. It just left me sad and even more fucking frustrated. I didn't ask for this life, and I yearned for my old one where I didn't default to saying 'fucking' in every fucking sentence.
Suzie, whose name I would soon learn in the throes of their passion, reached a hand to Roger's groin, and said, "So, you're telling me you fucked her brains out?"
That... that caused the only honest laugh I've had as a ghost. Roger laughed too. "You know, I guess I did!"
Roger had the ego that he would likely use that line for the rest of his life. Still, think about it. It makes me wonder how that phrase came to be. Right? Would be kind of self-centered to think I was the first to literally experience that. Definitely the hottest, in any case. Just seems more likely it would be "I'm going to fuck you so hard your boobs are going to give you a concussion." I know, I know. Too much time to think on trivial things. It ain't my fucking fault.
So, I watched. It's what I do. I've seen Roger's cock in action before but from a very limited view. In my next life, threesomes are going to happen for the best of both worlds. And, it seemed it was Suzie's first time with him because she otherwise would have knownnotto ask him to cum on her face. I thought she was going to whine about the mess, but sometimes people surprise you. Damned if she didn't put on a show as she licked it from her fingers. Respect!
So, when you're a ghost, I mentioned that you can't feel anything, just like you can't move things. Trust me, I've fucking tried. A little masturbation could otherwise go a long way to filling a boring day. I can touch the right places and fiddle with them, but I can't feel a thing. But Roger and Suzie gave me another gift. That wasn't strictly true.
I guess I'm the fucking dumb one, because when they were going at it, my hands went to the expected places thatshouldgive me pleasure. I got caught up in the watching, and then I realized... Icouldfeel familiar sensations where I really wanted to have them. Hot fucking damn!
I realized it had been there, too, when I had spied on other couples in the library. Maybe those were too soon after I had died for me to realize what feeling nothing felt like? If that fucking makes sense.
It wasn't enough of a feeling for me to get off, but it was something, right? Right!
Suzie, I supposed, had a kink about "the spot." Two days later, she led Roger by the hand to it and stripped her clothes. She handed him her phone and told her to count to ten and find her while recording the video. Not exactly original on the premise, but she got extra points for gaining a souvenir. Run, Suzie, run. And just let your boobs bounce for fuck's sake. You look silly trying to hold them, and it makes for better video. I'm a fucking movie director now.
He caught her because she obviously wanted to be found, and I watched them fuck, happily soaking in the warmth that I so desperately wanted. She flipped him over to ride him more slowly. And that's when I learned something else.
"Uh, Roger. Your girlfriend," she began. She was looking right at me.
"She wasn't my girlfriend," he corrected her.
"Right. Listen, your fuck toy that might have become your girlfriend, was she about 5'5", light blonde hair, with a small rose tattoo in the panty area?"
Huh. I looked down, disbelieving. Of course, I knew the tattoo was there, but... she could see me?!
"Yes... why? How could you know?" Roger asked.
"I can see her," she said, pointing. "She's standing right there. Masturbating."
They uncoupled so Roger could look my way.
"I don't see anything," he said.
"I... I can't either now. She just disappeared."
And I lost the warmth.
"You saw the rose?" Roger asked.
"Yes. A small inked one with red pedals."
"That's... that's her," he said, fretting.
Cool! It was my first spook! I followed them back to the spot, and they soon left me in the fucking cold. Well, non-warmth. But same thing.
But they must have told someone. Put it on the campus message board. Or something somewhere. "My spot" became the stuff of campus legend. Someone even taped an "X" on the carpet which lasted for almost a year before a maintenance person removed it... but the fibers still showed it.
So, not only am I a ghost and voyeur, I'm an exhibitionist. When people make me warm, I don't mind giving them a fucking show. Over the last three years, I get to feel something at least weekly. Sure, you'd think that school breaks would put a break into it, but, hey, fucking on the X is just as popular among faculty and staff.
Some get spooked seeing me, which gives me some satisfaction, and others come back again and again, which gives me even more. They pretty much figure out that the longer they fuck, the longer they see me. Some even introduce themselves after a couple visits. It's sweet.
Some girls get extremely jealous when their boyfriend is looking at me, but honestly, heshouldbe looking at me. I only saw strip bars in movies, but I've got moves, and aside from being a ghost, I doubt any college guy has had a girl as close and asexplicitas me. They can't hear me, but they can see me laugh and taunt them when they reach out a hand or a tongue and come up empty. But I try not to distract them from fucking because it's kind of my space, and I need the rent.
Guys, be like Tim the Basketball Player. When he brings a girl, he fucks them long and hard to the point where they don't want to break the spell. Tim started winking at me, and I do a pretty good job of visibly admiring his cock and frowning when I point at my unsatisfied cunt. It's all fun and games when you're a sex ghost, folks. But it ain't the real fucking thing.
So, I sit on the receptionist desk because, well, you fucking understand. I'm an exhibitionist ghost looking for opportunities. What a fucking afterlife.
I pretty much have a skill now. I recognize what an amorous couple looks like. If the girl or the guy comes in solo, I'll follow them around because they may hook up with someone already there. It doesn't happen much, but you never know. It beats hoping someone leaves a newspaper open where I can catch the news over their shoulder. Exciting, right? I might learn what movie is #1 or get some investment advice.
I watch people.
"Are you... okay?"
I don't watch well enough, I guess. As I was ruminating, I was completely unaware a girl had approached me from the side. I looked at her to see what she was on about.
"Do you need help? Can I get you some clothes?" she asked.
Huh? Huh.
"You... you can see me?" I asked.
She looked very concerned. "Of course. Are you okay?"
"You can hear me too?" I asked.
She looked perplexed at the question.
"Can I... call someone for you?" she asked.
My libido prompted that it should be a hunk of a guy, but I had to squash that. "Um, I know this sounds odd, but can you touch me?" I held out a hand.
She didn't know what to make of the request, but to her credit, she tried... and her hand passed right through mine.
She stood there, looking stunned. I was stunned, too, just that she could see and hear me.
"Um, Hi," I said. "My name is Janelle, and I'm a ghost." I rolled my eyes. "Sorry. I'm introducing myself like it's an AA meeting. But really. I'm a ghost. And no one has been able to speak with me in over three years. You're the first."
"So, no one else sees you sitting here?" she asked.
"Nope. Not a soul. Except you."
"Um, well, okay. My name is Hayley."
"Nice to meet you, Hayley. I don't want to do anything to scare you away because literally you're the first person I can talk to. So, while I'm obviously special, you probably don't want to be asked why you're talking and making hand gestures to an empty space, or people might think you're the one who needs some help. Would you mind going with me to somewhere a little more private?" I asked.
Hayley passed her hand through my hand again. And then right through my body.
"Is this some sort of projection?" she asked. "I mean really, is there a TV camera somewhere that's recording what an idiot I am?"
Reasonable question! "Ah. Okay, I'll move around." I did. "See? I don't think there's technology for that. Oh, I'll show you this. Doors I can walk through." I headed towards the stairwell door and passed through it. Then I stuck my head back through and then my arm to beckon her to follow me. "Pretty please?" I asked.
Bless her. She did.
I didn't freak her out by going down three flights to the creepy floor where "my spot" was. We went to conference room whose window didn't face the main aisles.
Hayley had questions, starting with "How?" I gave her the whole story. It took hours, but hey, I had the time, and I'd missed talking with someone other than me, myself and I.
With her questions exhausted, Hayley shook her head and said, "Unreal. I'd heard stories of The Sexy Ghost, but..."
"Oh, I have a nickname!" I was excited about that. The Smoking Hot Ghost would have been better, but I'll take what I can get!
"Yeah. Every guy wants to see you, but girls... the ones that aren't scared feel a little intimidated by the show you're said to put on."
"Huh. Well, I never really thought about that. It's my only outlet to do anything fun," I said.
Hayley looked thoughtful. "You said I'm the only one that can see you though?"
"No, you're the only one that can hear me," I said.
"Right. But others didn't see you on the desk. I'm confused," she said.
"Me, too. But there's something about sexual energy that brings me a little closer to life. That's the only time they can see me."
"Weird. Well, I don't know. Is there something I can do to, I don't know, help in some way? Other than having sex where you can apparently watch?"
"Great question. Great question."
See, be it known that I stopped myself from saying 'great fucking question.' I can use polite language. I used it almost all the time before I became a fucking ghost. I thought about it.
"Well, come and see me sometimes? I miss talking. Otherwise..." It wasn't that difficult to out what I needed. I needed her to do what I fucking couldn't. "Here's what you can do. Research."
"Research what?"
"Right. I don't know anything about ghosts except being one. Maybe you could look into, I don't know, any stories of ghosts coming back to life, getting their bodies back? Or maybe find something that explains the energy around sex? Or maybe if it's connected to spiritual forces or magic or whatever that explains me? Or the afterlife? I need some answers so I can ask more questions. Research."
"Leading to... what?" she asked.
The answer was lying there. I could feel it even though I hadn't dwelt on it. "Well, I told you I feel warmth and sensations when people have sex. It kind of feels like a thermometer. It goes up, people can see me and I can feel something. It goes down, and I'm back to... ice. That's a good way to look at it. What would happen if the temperature went high enough to take me all the way to steam? Something tells me that's where I need to be," I said.
"Kind of like building to your orgasm that didn't happen?" Hayley asked.
That was it! "Yes. Exactly!"Please...
Hayley said she had time to stop by each day but wouldn't have time to look into things until the weekend. She began by bringing her boyfriend, Steven, the next day. As expected, he looked at Hayle like this was the weirdest ruse she might ever try pull as she talked to "a ghost" that he couldn't see or hear. That said, she could tell he was quite impressed with Hayley's conversational imagination for whatever joke on him she was playing.
"Why don't you bring him to my 'spot' this weekend," I suggested.
Hayley looked more than amused, and said, "That would be weird for me. I mean, with you there. But, if it works like you say, maybe he won't look at me like I'm from another planet."
"I'm still working on which one," he said, shaking his head at Hayley's monologue.
The two of them looked good together. People say that all the time, but not based on seeing couples naked and intimate. Steven was no Roger when it came to physique, but Roger was no Steven, either. If I was a fuck toy, and I kinda was, so was Roger. Steven seemed the marrying type.
Steven had been apparently eager for sex outside of the bedroom beyond while dismissing it as a "whatever turns you on" compromise. I know this because he stripped his clothes unconcerned about me, or anyone else, watching.
"Alright," he said. "Where is she?"
Hayley looked at me, sitting beside them. "She's right there, sitting. She's checked you out and given a nod of approval. So, when you see her, know that she's a..."
"...a hot little package," I supplied.
"A hot little package," Hayley said, nodding. "Don't make me jealous when you see her."
Hayley was apparently wet, and there wasn't much foreplay required. My temperature started rising. For my part, I was a good girl and refrained from the sex slut ghost act. On the other hand, I am who I am. My nipples hardened and my hand found its way between my legs.
Hayley had told him what to expect. He'd have to deal with it.
"Holy crap!" he said, pulling out of Hayley. "I thought you were just setting me up to satisfy a weird kink. But she..."
I said, "Please tell him to not to stop fucking you on my behalf. It makes us all feel better." She did, and I gave a bright smile at his hard cock, which seemed to swell with my attention.
I stood up and walked where he could see me better because how often does a guy see a smokin' hot ghost? He checked me out from head to toe. I turned around slowly so he could see me from all sides. Hayley snickered. "I told you," she said.
"Well, yes. Yes, you did..."
I put my boob within his reach, and, as expected, he grabbed for it. They all do. He shook his head. I licked my nipple, because I can, even though I can't feel anything. I couldn't help but put on alittleshow at least.
"Fuck me," Hayley said. "And eyes on me, too."
He reached for tits he could grope and fucked her until he orgasmed, a bit too quickly for my tastes. Hayley tried to overcome her own disappointment I could see. The warmth faded.
"I guess you can't control a guy's urges when you surprise him with extra girl parts to look at," I said. "Anyway, tell him I said it was nice to meet him."
Hayley reached into her backpack for a hand towel and cleaned herself up, then handed it to Steven, whose cock looked like it might still have some life left in it. No doubt he was thinking of me.
"Well, this is fun," Hayley said. "Now we're all naked and can talk."
"Find anything helpful?" I asked, in as hopeful a tone as I can muster.
"Who knows? Maybe?" she said. "I can't find anything about ghosts reclaiming their bodies. I think that ship sailed a couple thousand years ago. I can't explain why you're a ghost, but you are, so the fact speaks for itself. So, until a Second Coming, I've got nothing."
"Well, heck." I wanted to say "fucking hell," but I didn't want to offend the Almighty if he was listening. Maybe later. "What else?"
"There's plenty of mythology, cults and so on that speak to Halloween being when the barrier between the physical world and the spiritual are the thinnest. So, there's that."
"That's a week away." I thought about that a bit. "Huh. Got anything else?" I asked.
"Well, yes. In witchcraft or pagan rites and customs, there seems to be increased spiritual power when inside a circle, like on the floor, and even stronger with a pentagram within it, but mostly for protection."
"Isn't that like witchcraft? I don't feel like I'm a witch."
Hayley laughed. "Yeah, I thought that, too. But it's the four elements, you know, air, earth, fire and water, plus spirit or self, depending on pagan traditions. A mystic symbol... I don't know. I couldn't find any convenient Latin or spells or anything that makes it work."
"So, a circle with a pentagram on Halloween, maybe to protect me from my ghostly self? I have to believe in something, I guess. And, if I do, I'm going to need some help."
"What did you have in mind?" Hayley asked.
I glanced at Steven. "I think he's ready again."
She turned to look at Steven, whose cock was in hand and appeared ready.
"Maybe you can help him out, and take it slow to see at what point I become visible. Hayley had him lie on the floor.
"Could I, like, sit on his face? That would be a fun way to welcome him back. Or, me back," I said.
Hayley sniggered and nodded. She gave him a hand job for a while, but it wasn't until he found himself inside her that I could get a sense of feeling. "So, definitely full-on sex is required. Foreplay doesn't do it," I said.
When I "warmed up," it was more like I was sitting partially in his face, but that couldn't be helped.
Steven kind of did a minor freaking out when I became visible. Hayley's slow pacing brought me in a little slower, I thought. Steven tried to grab my hips, and he extended his tongue to lick me, but, sorry dude.
I started teasing my nipples and playing with myself. Steven had googly eyes, but Hayley seemed a little surprised.
"Why are you doing that?" she asked.
"Aside from teasing him? I know I explained what I call warming up. But it's more than that. In addition to being visible, I can also feel some things. Remember when you suggested it was like approaching an orgasm? I'm at like, Level 1. I need Level 10. I'm trying to see if even his interest in me has an effect."
"Is there?" she asked.
"Don't think so."
"Good. Get off his face. He's mine."
She said it like she was amused, which was a good thing. I really, really needed her. Them. "Maybe, if there was more sexual energy..."
Hayley told him what I said, the levels, the need for more.
"It sounds like she just needs more people," Steven said. "Hayley, didn't you read something about orgies?"
"Well, yes, but I kind of put that aside. It was in relation to worshiping idols and stuff, fertility rites, that kind of thing, Janelle."
I felt something. "Say my name again, please," I said.
"Janelle," she said.
"Well, okay. I felt that. Say it again with Steven at the same time."
They did. That got me briefly to Level 2. It felt good. Huh.
"So, you guys know what's going on around campus these days. Any orgies being planned for Halloween?" I knew the answer. I was going to be stuck being a ghost forever.
"Well, Greek parties," she said, after catching Steven up on the conversation. "But no reason to expect them to make it sex parties, maybe just more coupling."
Fucking ghosthood. Here I am, stuck in my fucking world where there were no fucking solutions for people to fuck in the library. Fuck.
"Sorry," Hayley said.
"Huh? I said that out loud, didn't I? Well, it's not your..." I didn't say 'fucking' out loud at least. "...fault," I finished.
"Do you think that's what you need?" she asked, then telling Steven what I needed.
Steven said, "Well, we could come here and try the circle and stuff. Maybe it could work? And if it doesn't, it might at least take your satisfaction up a level or two, Janelle."
Ilikedit when he said my name. It felt like little sparks from a campfire that go dim all too soon.
Hayley continued to ride Steven, with slow even strokes, and then she started rotating her hips just a bit. Steven responded. She looked briefly to me, a smile at one corner of her mouth.
"Steven," she said. "Remember last semester when your roommates came back and found us asleep on the couch?"
"Passed out, you mean," he said.
"Yeah. Tell Hayley about it."
"Uh, oh. We'd had agreattime, drinking and, you know. And, of course, we fell asleep, longer than we anticipated. Should have known better. Anyway, it was past midnight, and I heard a noise or felt something that caused me to wake up. It was really embarrassing because they were all looking at us... Well. I guess they were looking at you, weren't they? You didn't have a stitch on."
"Now see, your cock just swelled up inside me. Did that turn you on?" she asked.
"Not right then. It doesnow. I was more concerned for you at the time."
"I didn't tell you what woke me up," Hayley said.
"Well, what?" he said, curious.
"I woke up when I felt a chill from the ceiling fan. We fell asleep under the blanket. A big blanket."
"Okay?" Steven said, not quite getting the implication. I did.
"They removed the blanket," I said. "And, being guys, they probably recorded you on their phones."
"Janelle gets it." She told him what I said. He looked dumbfounded. "And I don't know for how long," Hayley said.
"They were close to touch me. They might have. But they did have their phones out. When I woke, I reached for the blanket and told them to back off," Hayley said. "The only problem was that it wasn't on the couch or on the floor. It was several feet away, behind them. You woke up because I elbowed you, and when I did, they started acting like they were complete gentlemen and rushed to get the blanket."
"I can't believe..." he protested.
"Stop it. You're a guy. I'm telling you something that is humiliating and could have led to me being raped, and your cock is super hard. Can you explain that? Please? So, I don't have to?"
Give him credit. He thought about it a few moments. "I didn't realize. I'm so sorry! I should have realized."
"Another time," said Hayley. "But when I just mention thatyour buddies saw me completely naked, your cock swells, like it just did again. Want to explain that?"
"Ah. Uh. When we shared fantasies the other night? But they're just that."
"I like the direction this is going," I said. "People just come to the library, fuck, and go home. I like this real-life stuff."
Hayley gave me a cutting look.
Hayley said, "you said watching me in a gang bang was one of yours. Was that because of that night?"
"Well," said Steven, "it was one of yours, too."
"True. Having had three guys lusting at my body..."
"Four!" he offered.
"Right. And what did you say about that?"
"Um... I don't remember," Steven said.
"You'd like to see them try. I'd wear them out." Hayley gave Steven a hard stare.
"Oh. Wow. You mean, do that? Here?"
Hayley just smiled at him.
"If that's all we got, I'd love to watch. But I'm not sure if that would help? I haven't noticed any difference for my warming whether it's a quickie or drawn out. So, a longer span of sex wouldn't quite do it, I think. What I'd need is probably more people having sex at the same time. Any ideas for that?"
Hayley grinned. "I do." And she thrashed on Steven giving him no choice but to cum inside her.
Fait accompli. Guys are easy. Their girlfriends or dates, not so much. But Hayley was a player. And she told me how she played them.
She'd worn short shorts, a tank top and flip flops to Steven's apartment. Steven had assembled his roommates for "an important meeting they wouldn't want to miss." When she entered, their heads turned to her, and she smiled and waved. Steven just said, "Guys, this is Hayley's meeting. Whatever she says, I'm good with." And he had just smiled.
"Hi guys. First, I told Steven about you guys recording me a few weeks ago, and how you stole the cover." They had looked at Steven with some apprehension, who was strangely still smiling.
"Has anyone not jerked off to whatever you recorded?" They had caused them to all laugh lightly, neither confirming or denying, probably for Steven's sake. "Well, damn, I hope you have, or why else do it? Seriously." It wasn't the attitude that they were expecting.
"You've heard about The Sexy Ghost. We're going to prove she's real. Steven and I will prove it by having sex in the library on Halloween night, right there in front of you."
"Fuck, yeah!" his roommate Gregg said.
"But we need your help,Gregg. We need it from all of you. Steven and I have already found that this ghost is real. She died just short of an orgasm, and she thinks if she can reach one, it'll help her be complete. Pass. Move on. Whatever it is, other than being trapped in the library."
"So, we want each of you to bring a girlfriend or a date with you. We'll prove the ghost, but then we need to have everybody having sex at the same time to free her. It doesn't mean we have to be as close as playing Twister, but we can't separate by more than about 20' in any direction from her."
"What the hell?" Mark asked. "I'm good for watching you, but why would I want to bring a girl?"
"Great question. If you live up to your end, and we don't provide the ghost, I'll be your sex slave for a week. I'll stay here the whole time rather than going to class."
They had stared in disbelief. Mark said, "Just to be clear. Steven, you're good with this?" Steven had nodded. Mark smiled. "And Hayley, when you say sex slave, what exactly do you mean?"
"Now you see, Mark. I'm prepared for that question, and, really, words only go so far." Hayley had then removed her top, unfastened her bra, unzipped her pants and let them all collect on the floor. She hadn't worn panties. And she did it to complete silence.
"Mark, my eyes are up here. What it means is I'll do anything you want that doesn't put me in jail or the hospital."
"You mustreallybelieve in this ghost," Gregg said. "But promises are made to be broken. Do we get a deposit now?"
She had looked over to Steven. "Told you."
"Can you get your dates to come?"
They had talked about it. It might be difficult, but she had motivated them. There was a collective "Yes."
"Okay, words are cheap." She walked up to Gregg and put her hand against his cock. "I'll give you each a blow job right now. A facial or I'll swallow. Your choice. Steven gets to take pictures. And then imagine me here for a whole week."
And she had.
"I wish I could repay you in some way," I said.
"Are you kidding me?" Hayley said. "All their bravado crashed. I made them cum so quickly it didn't take any time at all. Not quite a gang bang, but it was fun."
I'd been around long enough to know that Security was careful during certain times of the year. Halloween was one of those. They didn't patrol the library, but they gave a stern look to anyone who entered. Halloween might mean mischief, and they were probably worried about property damage.
So, we planned around it. One trip at a time, Steven and Hayley gradually assembled a shelf full of rolled sleeping bags and some liquor. The night of, everyone entered separately, with snacks or small ice coolers in their backpacks, seemingly going their own way.
Hayley had brought a paint that was only visible if there was a black light. They didn't want to freak people out and scare them away. But an invisible circle was still a circle, right? They tied a rope to a leg on a table and she painted the circle keeping it in tension. Then they stretched cord to the five points, tracing the it to draw the pentagram. Maybe it would help? They had nothing to lose.
Steven's roommates followed through by bringing their girlfriends, with a general hook of "watch Steven and Hayley have sex in the library and see The Sexy Ghost on Halloween." It certainly held more intrigue than any of the parties going on, and it had worked surprisingly well. The Sexy Ghost has that kind of power.
I wasn't certain that all of them understood that I needed them to have sex, but the liquor was flowing freely, and the sleeping bags were obviously suggestive of fucking options. Literal. Not me just cussing.
Steven and Hayley, wow... Maybe one of their fantasies was to put on a show? They had been drinking as well, but for all my sluttiness, I was amazed. They just undressed and started making out. And they did it slowly, as if everyone watching didn't matter, much anyway. Within 20 minutes, the other couples were sitting on their sleeping bags or standing, in some stage of undress or at least groping beneath clothes as they watched the foreplay.
When Hayley bent over to lean on a shelf, Steven took a moment to check on the group, his cock sticking out hard and straight. Gregg said, "Not seeing a gho-ost," making the word two syllables. The little fucker. I walked over and sat down beside him as Hayley reached back to guide Steven's cock within her.
Within a couple strokes, I could feel the warmth emerge. It was strong. The circle thing must be working, or the sexual tension, or both. And Halloween.
I wanted to have fun, but I didn't want to spook their friends. It's not like I'm all shimmery. I look real. So, really, I'm not spooky at all. Mostly. Still, I guess it's hard not to be startled when a smokin' hot ghost pops out of nowhere.
I was just a few feet from Gregg, and I figured he wouldn't run away all scaredy like if he saw a smiling naked female ghost tweaking her nipples. He didn't.
"Guys!" he said. They all looked.
I smiled at them all, even as Gregg's girlfriend waved her arm through me. She looked excited about it, actually.
Hayley helped. Steven helped too, but not fucking her so hard just yet. "Everyone, this is Janelle. Don't be afraid. She's really cool." Hayley then explained that she could talk to me, the whole brain thing and falling just shy of an orgasm and being trapped as a naked ghost.
"Fucking hot naked ghost," I countered, but Hayley didn't pass it on. In any case, they knew.
I nodded along as she spoke and made appropriate faces. Pouty, bored, hopeful and so on. I'm sure it was kind of cute. And, for whatever reason, no one ran away screaming. I was encouraged by that, at least.
Hayley explained that it being Halloween, whatever spiritual powers might amplify whatever sexual energy they could muster. I nodded emphatically.
I did the kitty cat look with pleading eyes and hands pressed together. And, maybe some of the magic energy worked on them too. Or spirit of charity. Or general horniness. They all kind of fell in with their partners. And I started believing in that energy, because I realized that they sort of found their way to points of the star, as had I.
The warmth became honest to goodness heat, washing over me. I felt it in all the right ways. When in Rome... or a library... I began seriously finger fucking myself. And I could feel it. It feltsogood. I saw one couple get into a doggie position so they could both watch. When he started fucking his date, I felt that. Ifeltit. The absence of unfeelingmovedme. But it wasn't quite enough.
I could actually see my skin start to flush. My nipples ached in that peculiar and wonderful way, and I squeezed them with my other hand. It feltseriouslygood, like, better than the real-life thing, my whole body reconnecting in wonderful ways. I felt it on the horizon. The Big O. But I needed Level 10.
"Hayley, if anyone can climax in about a minute, that would be wonderful. And say my name!"
"I forgot about that! Everyone, Janelle says if anyone can orgasm real soon, please do. She's close. And if you say her name when you do, it'll be even better for her!"
I love that girl. Everyone started fucking harder. I mean fucking fucking. The energy among us was palpable, loud, moaning, panting, ball-slapping, fuck your brains out fucking palpable. Obviously, just what I fucking needed! I could see a purplish glow over us, which brightened to violet, pink, red, orange and then yellow, connecting us.
I closed my eyes as the feelings became so, so intense. I could feel, really feel. And as I heard others begin to chant "Janelle," I crossed the mountaintop. I may have yelled. I may have moaned. Not a bit of it was for show, for a change. I don't know if I was even heard. The best fucking orgasm of my fucking life. When I finally caught my breath, my body was... present.Yes. I luxuriated in it.
I eventually realized it was quiet. I remembered the library being musty smelling, but there was a floral fragrance, or maybe cotton candy. It was time to open my eyes.
It was kind of bright. Made sense. My eyes had been closed for a while, so they were dilated. The light gradually resolved itself to a point, surprisingly far away but not too bright. I could see pretty well, what there was. Yep, still naked. You'd think there's be a uniform or wardrobe or something in this afterlife thing.
And as I looked around, it's a pretty odd moment to wonder what the real afterlife is about when it's upon you here and now. If I had put Hayley to it, she might come up with paradise, nirvana, nothingness and so on. So, I have to admit my shock to discover there was, in fact, a long dark tunnel ahead with a light at the end. Really? What the fuck? Why does it have to bethat?
Fucking great. What do I do? Do I walk to the light? Or is it...yep. A fucking train coming at me.
Well, it would save me a walk. And as it came speeding closer, I made a decision. I was going to catch that fucking train and have a word with the engineer. It would be a guy. And guys are easy for a naked smokin' hot chick.