Bernadette sat down on the old, worn couch in her living room with her morning coffee and muffin, just as she did every other morning. She looked at the couch from tattered arm rest to the other.
I wonder if I should spend some of the money I'm making off the website on some new furniture?she thought to herself. She curled her lip and shook her head. "Nah."
She pointed the remote at the TV and it flicked on just in time for her favorite morning program.
"Good morning, Pasadena!" came the perky voice of the pretty, blonde host who filled the TV screen. "I'm your host, Lysa Lychten. We've got a great show for you this morning! We've got a local talent who's really lighting up the internet. Please welcome Penny of Penny's Playhouse fame."
Bernadette spit her coffee across the room when the camera panned back, revealing a beaming Penny and a frowning Leonard. "What...what the hell?!"
The set was made up of three chairs side-by-side in a semi-circle. Lysa was seated in the far left chair, Penny in the center, and Leonard in the furthest right chair.
Penny had added quite a bit of content to her website and it was growing quickly. She wasn't getting the number of clicks Bernadette was getting, but Penny had a mind for marketing. Not to mention she wasn't trying to hide it from her partner the way Bernadette was doing her best to keep Howard in the dark about her online presence.
"Good morning, Lysa! Happy to be here!" Penny was dressed in a blue plaid shirt that was tied just underneath her breast with not a button buttoned, revealing plenty of cleavage and the tan curves of her breasts. She had a pair of painted on Daisy Dukes along with a pair of well-worn Western boots. The camera loved her.
"And you've brought the executive producer of your films and website along, as well."
"Sure did! This is Leonard Hofstadter, the brains of the outfit."
Leonard sat uncomfortably squirming in his chair. The bright lights of the studio only accentuated his pale skin. "And her boyfriend! I'm her boyfriend, too."
Penny shot him a look and whispered, "The website will get more clicks if they think I'm available!"
"Really? Her boyfriend?" Lysa asked.
"Well-ll-ll," Penny chuckled. "He's not exactly myboyfriend. We have sex a lot, but I wouldn't say boyfriend." She tapped him on the hand. "Isn't that right, Sweetie?"
Leonard bowed his head. "Yeah. Sure. Whatever."
"So, Penny, what prompted you to do a sexually explicit website? Have you had sex on film before? Are you a sex addict?"
The vein on Bernadette's forehead was throbbing. "HOWARD! Get down here!"
Penny began to give Lysa and the viewing audience her life story. Born and raised in Nebraska, was a member of the Corn Queen's Court in high school, and moved to California to be an actress.
"So, I've been waitressing at The Cheesecake Factory in the meantime just, you know, waiting for my big break," Penny said with a smile.
Lysa was obviously bored to tears with her life history, then snapped to life when Penny finished her story. "Wow, that's fascinating. So, no film credits to speak of?"
Penny shook her head. "No, not really."
"Well, you did that hemorrhoid commercial," Leonard offered.
Penny looked at Leonard out the corner of her eye. "Oh. Yeah. Um, there was that."
"And the Ape movies." This time she snapped her head around and shot him a look.
"Ape movies? As in, beastiality?" Lysa asked uncomfortably.
Penny waived a dismissive hand at Lysa and chuckled nervously. "No-ho-ho, nothing like that. It...they..." Penny gulped. "Serial Ape-istand its sequel,Serial Ape-ist II,Monkey See, Monkey Kill. They're about a genetically cloned ape that rapes and kills." She gulped again. "It's got quite the cult following."
This peaked Lysa's interest. "And you were the ape? A rapist? Someone who got raped? The killer?"
Penny sat silent. Finally, Leonard said, "Yes."
Lysa's eyebrows raised. "Yes? You were all of them?!"
Penny squirmed in her seat. "Well, uh, yeah, I guess, at one time or another."
Leonard pointed at Penny. "And don't forget the porn flicks."
Lysa's eyes grew wide. "Porn flicks?"
Penny glared at Leonard. "Well, uh, yeah. To pay the bills, you know?"
"How many of them? What are their titles?" Lysa asked.
"Well, uh,Penny Loves Cum,Penny Loves Cock, and, um,Penny Loves Anal. They're kind of a set."
"So you have had sex on film before! Would you say you're an exhibitionist?"
Leonard nodded his head. "Yes."
"Well, I, uh, I don't know if I'd say I'm anexhibitionist, per se..."
"But you show clips of yourself having sex with different men on your website, correct? And have made several porn movies. Wouldn't that be the definition of an exhibitionist?"
"Well, I, uh..."
"Maybe 'slut'? Would you consider yourself a slut, Penny? How 'bout it, Leonard?"
Penny's voice raised. "Slut?!"
*****
"YES!" Bernadette screamed in her living room.
*****
"Well, uh, slut's a very strong word with a lot of derogatory overtones, Lysa. I don't think I would say she's a slut," Leonard offered.Not to her face, anyway!
"I'd say 'popular'. That's how I would describe myself, Lysa. Popular," Penny said with pride.
Lysa scratched her chin. "Popular. Hmmmmm..."
Penny nodded. "Very!" The marketer in Penny kicked in. "And we're going to have a store up and running on the website soon, too, aren't we Leonard?" Leonard nodded his head. "I've got some 'I Fucked Penny' t-shirts..." She gasped and covered her mouth. "Oops. Can I say that?"
"The censors will bleep it out," Lysa assured her.
"Oh good!" She looked into the camera. "And guys..." She turned her hip to the camera, reached into the waistband of her shorts, and pulled out a thin, powder blue string. "This thong will be on there for sale as soon as it's up and running! Signed or unsigned, whatever you want."
"Fascinating," Lysa said dead pan. She looked straight into the camera. "Let's take a break. Next we'll hear more about Penny's website and talk to her producer. Stay tuned."
*****
Howard came bounding into the living room. "What?! What is it?! Is something wrong?"
Bernadette glared at him. "Did you know Penny had a website?"
Howard nervously scratched his head. "Well, I, uh..."
"Yes or no?!"
"Well, uh...I didn't mention it to you? I thought I had mentioned it to you. You must've forgotten I mentioned it."
"You most certainly did not mention it, mister!" she screeched. She held out her hand. "Gimme your phone!"
Howard nervously reached into his pocket, pulled out his phone, and handed it to her. "I, uh, I don't think you can view, uh, stuff like that on there. You know what? I...I...Raj asked me to come over there and help him with...something...this morning. I'd better get..."
"You stay right there, bub!" she said as she punched at his phone. She finally found Penny's website and started flipping through the free sections. "That bitch!" She clicked on the "member's only" button and it took her right in. "You're already a member?!"
Howard shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I, uh...I got a friends and family discount!" She started to watch one of the first videos. "You...you don't need to watch that. Boring. Boring stuff."
"Is...is that Stuart's comic book store?!"
Howard leaned into the phone, already knowing the answer. "Hey! Yeah, it sure is! Like I said, boring stuff." He reached for the phone.
She yanked it back. "If you touch this phone, I swear to God, your hand will be in a cast for weeks!" She focused on the screen again. Then brought it closer. "Is...is that you?!"
"Well...I...uh..."
She clenched her jaw and stared at him. As mad as she was right now, she knew she'd been fucking all of his friends on a regular basis to create content for her own website that he knew nothing about. She handed him the phone. "Get outta here! I can't look at you right now!"
*****
During the commercial break, a tall, handsome man stepped onto the set. Lysa held out her hand. "Penny, Leonard, this is Tom Jenkins, the producer ofGood Morning, Pasadena!"
Tom shook Penny's hand and watched her tits jiggle while completely ignoring Leonard. "We spoke on the phone. What a pleasure it is to meet you, Penny! Big fan! Big fan! Love your stuff! You're even more beautiful in person!"
Penny blushed. "Gee, thanks! Very nice to meet you, Tom," Penny said politely.
Leonard drew back his hand that he had held out thinking Tom would shake his hand as well. "Yeah. Sure. Nice to meet you, too," he muttered.
Penny looked up at Tom. "So, uh, we're getting a copy of this show, right? It'll be a great addition to the website!"
Tom nodded. "Absolutely! That was the agreement." After an awkward silence, Tom finally asked, "Listen, Penny, I, uh, I don't exactly know how to ask you this. I'm such a big fan...I wonder if you could do something for me?"
This was the first time she'd met a true fan. She was smiling ear to ear. "Sure, Sweetie! Anything for my fans! What is it?" she said, thinking he wanted her autograph.
"Well...uh...you're so beautiful! I wonder if...if..."
"What is it, Sweetie? Just say it."
He finally blurted it out. "I wonder if I could see your tits."
Leonard's thick eyebrows nearly flew off his head.
Lysa gasped. "Tom!"
The question caught Penny quite by surprise.Didn't see that coming!"I...uh...I..."
Tom hung his head in shame and waved his hands. "No! No no. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked. I'm sorry." He started to turn and walk away.
Penny grabbed his hand and stopped him. "No, Sweetie, it's fine. I'm flattered."
Tom was shocked she wasn't punching him in the nuts. "R-r-really?"
"Sure. Why not?" You could've heard a pin drop when she started to untie her shirt.
Lysa's head swiveled from Tom's shocked face to Penny's quickly loosening knot. "Tom! Not here!"
Before she finished the sentence, Penny's incredible tan globes were out in the open. She pulled her shirt wide apart and smiled up at Tom.
Tom's eyes were wide as saucers. "Holy shit," he sighed. "They're...they're perfect!"
Penny gave him a crooked grin. "Gee, thanks. Wanna touch 'em?"
Tom gasped. "Really?!" She stuck her chest out. Her eyes twinkled. He slowly reached out. She bit her bottom lip and sighed when his large hand cupped her breast. He was fascinated that they were firm and soft at the same time. "Wow." The cold studio air had her nipples hard enough to cut glass. She squeaked when he pinched one between his thumb and forefinger.
"One minute to air!" came the voice from the darkness.
"Do...do you think you can do something else for me?" Tom asked while he pawed her chest.
"Tom!" Lysa shouted to no avail.
Penny's body was getting warm. "(ahem) Um, sure, Sweetie, uh, what...(ahem) what is it?" Leonard watched Tom's lips with great interest, waiting to see what words they formed.
"Well...I, uh, I've always wondered...you know..." There was a long pause. "I've always wondered how...how, you know, how Icompareto other guys. Would you mind...you know...looking atitand telling me?"
Lysa was mortified. "TOM!" Leonard's jaw fell into his lap.
Is he really asking me what I think he's asking? Nope, didn't see that coming either!"Uh, well, uh, yeah, sure, what the hell?"
"30 seconds!"
Tom finally released Penny's fleshy mound from his grip. The microphone's picked up the sound of a zipper.
The color left Lysa's face. "TOM! Jesus Christ! For the love of God! We're about to go live!"
He turned his head to her. "This'll just take a second! Besides, I'm blocking the camera. Relax. Jesus!"
Everyone watched as Tom reached into his pants.
Penny batted her eyes when his rock hard rod fell out of his pants. "Holy shit," she sighed. An incredible, thick, stiff piece of meat was staring her in the face.
"Oh my God, Tom..." Lysa's voice trailed off. She was shocked at the size of it. And she knew her career was about to be over in 15 seconds.
"Wow," Leonard puffed.
Tom shuddered when Penny wrapped her long, thin fingers around its veiny shaft. "Tom, it's beautiful," she said sexily. "It's one of the nicest cocks I've ever seen."
He couldn't believe his ears. "Really?! You're just being nice."
Her eyes stared at it. "No, seriously."
What happened next was in slow motion. Everyone watched her head move slowly forward. Tom felt her hot breath rush across his purple tip.
His head flew back. His body shivered when she took him into her mouth. "Oh God!"
Lysa placed her head in her hands. "Oh my God," she sighed. "I'm done. My career is over."
"Three...two..." The camera man threw it to Lysa.
Lysa snapped up straight. The audience could see the horror in her red face when the camera zoomed in on her. "Oh! Uh...uh...yes, um, wel...welcome back to (ahem)Good Morning, Pasadena. We, uh, we have, um, Penny from Penny's (ahem), uh, Playhouse internet fame, along with her, uh..." She looked at Leonard. "Her, uh, executive producer, Leonard...Leonard, uh..."
Leonard's camera light came on. "Leonard Hofstadter. Penny's, uh,boyfriend."
"Yes! Yes, of course. Leonard Hofstadter. Penny'sboyfriendand executive producer."
The middle camera flicked on, showing the entire set. A mortified Lysa on the left. A pissed off Leonard on the right. And the back of a tall man in the middle. It was obvious there was a body on the other side of him. It was obvious the top of the body was moving back and forth. His thick legs blocked out her mostly open shirt and partially exposed tits.
*****
"What the... That fucking slut!" Bernadette screamed in her living room at the TV set.
Howard came running into the room. "Slut" to him was like a dog whistle to a dog. "What?! What's going on?!"
Bernadette pointed at the screen. "She...she...she's giving somebody a fucking blow job! Right there! On live TV! That fucking slut!"
Howard leaned in. "Ho-ly shit! That lucky bastard!"
Bernadette shot daggers at Howard with her eyes. "Get the fuck out of here before I hurt you!"
*****
As the TV cameras swung back and forth between Leonard and Lysa, the boom mic picked up something other than their uncomfortable conversation.
Penny removed Tom from her mouth and gave him long, deliberate strokes with her hand while she looked up at him with a devilish smile.
"Do you like that, Tom? Huh? Do you like me sucking on your big, fat cock?" she asked while she molested her own tits.
"Oh yeah! I like it a lot!" he said gleefully.
"Mmmmmm, it's making me hot," she purred. The hand that had been mauling her own fleshy bumps ran down her taut stomach and disappeared into her Daisy Dukes. She closed her eyes and gasped at the first swat of her finger to her enraged clit. "Ohhagawd, Tom, I'm so wet. Your big, fat cock is making me so wet!"
"Well, why don't you show me with your mouth what you'd like me to do to your little wet pussy?"
"Mmmmmmm, with pleasure."
"(gasp!) Gahfuck!" he moaned when he filled her face again.
Lysa's eyes darted from Penny's throat taking on the shape of Tom's pole to Leonard's won bulge.
"So, Leonard, being Penny's 'boyfriend', how does it make you feel when you see her with another man's...uh, penis in her mouth?"
Leonard's eyes glanced at Tom's balls bouncing off of Penny's chin back to Lysa. "Well, uh, to be honest, I'm not crazy about it. But, you know, she seems to like it. And she lets me have sex with her, so, you know..."
"You say you're not crazy about it." He shrugged his shoulders and nervously nodded his head. "Hmmph, that's funny. That bulge in your pants tells a different story."
"Huh?" Leonard looked at the growing bump in his crotch while the boom mic picked up the sounds of slurping, gagging, and light moans. "Oh! Uh...no, that's, uh, no, that's not what that is." The camera caught an image of the mass just before Leonard crossed his legs and placed his hands in his lap.
Lysa smiled and shook her head. "There's no need to be embarrassed, Leonard." She paused. "So, Leonard, not only are you the producer of Penny's site, as well as her 'boyfriend', but you're also a performer in her videos. Isn't that correct?"
"Uh, well, uh, yes, that's correct."
"And multiple sex partners seems to be a running theme through her videos. The other men, are they strangers?"
Leonard shook his head. "Oh no. They're friends of ours."
"Really?! So you're okay with your friends having sex with her?"
He squirmed in his seat. "Well, uh, no, not really."
Lysa nodded in the direction of Tom and Penny. "So, this is the first time you've witnessed her pleasuring a complete stranger?"
Leonard shook his head again. "Oh no. This isn't the first time."
"Really?! Wow! And you allow this because...she allows you to have sex with her?"
"Well, look at her. And look at me. I mean, she's so beautiful. And me...well, you know. And, plus, she's really good."
"Really good..."
"At sex. Really good at sex. Like,reallygood."
Tom piped up. "Damn right she is! She gives head like a pro!"
Leonard shrugged his shoulders. "See?"
*****
"That's because she's a slutty fucking whore!" Bernadette screamed at her TV.
"Damn right she is!" Howard yelled from another room.
"Shut up, Howard!"
*****
"And, in your videos, you actually treat her very...well, how do I say it...um, well, like a common whore I guess would be the best way to say it. Not like your girlfriend or as her producer, but like a common whore. I mean, the language, how you refer to her. And there's definitely no 'love making' going on there. How do you explain that?"
*****
"Because she's a slutty fucking whore!" Bernadette spun her head around. "Don't say it, Howard!"
"Yes, dear!"
*****
Leonard shrugged his shoulders. "Well, uh, she, uh, you know, she, uh, likes the dirty talk and, well, she, uh, she likes it a little, you know, rough."
Lysa and Tom said, "Really?!" in unison.
Tom looked down at the top of Penny's bobbing head. "Is that true, slut? Is that true you like it nasty?"
Penny nodded her head as best as she could around his tool. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Tom placed his hands on her head and began to slam his hips into her face. "You like that, you little slut? Hmmmm? You like me stabbing your brain? You like me fucking your throat like a cheap whore's cunt? Hmmmm?" She could only gurgle and gag in response.
Oh, what the hell? My career as a TV journalist is probably over today. Might as well go out with a bang!"Well, Leonard, I think you're selling yourself short. I think you're a very good performer," Lysa said as she rose from her chair. The camera followed her across the set, catching Tom and Penny in the background as she walked.
Leonard looked at her with a confused expression as she grew closer. "Oh, well, uh, gee, thanks. Penny's the real actress. She's got training and everything."
Lysa was standing in front of Leonard now with her back to the cameras. The cameras flipped from a view of her back to what it could see of Leonard's surprised face.
"That may be. But, what I mean to say is, you're anatural. You'reverytalented in certain areas," she said as she began to unbutton her blouse.
"I, uh...uh...well, uh...I..." Leonard stuttered.
Lysa's blouse was completely unbuttoned, revealing a lacy white push up bra. She reached behind her back and unclasped the bra. One strap slipped down an arm under her sleeve, then the other. She grabbed the center of the thin material and tugged. The straps flew out of the sleeves. Leonard's head snapped back in shock when she tossed the undergarment into his face. Suddenly, a pair of firm and full 36DD tits were staring him in the face.
She caressed her freshly exposed globes and smiled down at him. "I like to think I have a particular set of talents as well." Her voice dripped with sex.
Leonard's eyes were glued to the fabulous new pair of tits before him. He slowly nodded. "Mmmmhmmmm, yep. I, uh, yep, I, uh, think so, too."
She slowly dropped to her knees. "I think you're verygifted, Leonard. You don't mind if I see your extremely large talent, do you?" she asked as she fiddled with his zipper.
Leonard watched her work in utter shock. "No, uh, no, that...that's, uh, fine." He grunted when she reached inside his pants and grabbed his trouser snake.
She was amazed at how large it felt in her hand. She tugged and twisted then finally exposed his full "talent". It stood up straight and tall and proud.
"Oh my goodness," Lysa sighed at the site. The gap between her legs felt like it was on fire. She began to slowly run her hand up and down it's length. "You're even more talented in person than you are on film."
"Really? You think so?"
"Ohmagawd, yes," she purred while she studied it. Lysa tilted it back and dove her head into his crotch.
The camera zoomed in on Leonard's face just as his head flew back. "Oh God!" he cried out when her tongue landed in the crevice between and ball sack and shaft. Her tongue ran up the length of the thick vein on the underside of his muscle, swirled around the swollen tip, then back down. He tasted salty. He felt hot. She repeated the motion twice more.
She pulled her face out of his lap and looked up at him with a crooked grin. "I wonder what would happen if my talents and your talent acted together?"
Leonard was confused. "I, uh...what? Oh!"
Lysa leaned in, cupped her breasts, and wrapped them around Leonard's post. Even as large as it was, it completely disappeared into her ample cleavage. She tilted her head down. A stream of saliva fell into her crevice, across the tip of manhood, and ran down its shaft.
Lysa began to slow bounce her body up and down and looked into Leonard's face. "Ooooo, see how well our talents mesh."
Leonard nodded. "Ohhhhhh yeah. Ohhhhhmagosh. Ohgah!" he spit when, on the down stroke, she took his massive head into her mouth.
*****
Bernadette pointed at the TV screen. "Oh my God! Are you fucking kidding me?!"
"What?! What?! What's happening?!" Howard asked from another room.
"Shut up, Howard!" she screeched over her shoulder. "Sluts! They're both sluts!" she barked at the TV, completely ignoring the fact she'd been banging Howard's best friends, and letting the world watch, for weeks.
"Awwww, come on! I wanna see!"
"Shut up, Howard!"
*****
Tom continued to fuck Penny's face while she flicked at her bean. "You like that, bitch? You like me fucking your throat like a cheap whore? Hmm?"
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmm!"
In between licks and sucks, Lysa continued the interview. "So, Leonard, how (slurp) did you and Penny (slurp) meet?"
"I, uh...oh God...we uh, live...live in the same building. She, uh, lives acrossssss the hall from...from us."
"(shurp) Us?"
"Yes...yessssss. Uh, Shel...Sheldon and i."
"Mmmmmmm. (slurp) Do you and Sheldon (slurp) tag team Penny?"
"No. Uh, no. Well, uh, mmmmm, just the, uh, one time. It...it's on the, uh website."
"Did you know (slurp) Penny was such a slut (slurp) when you met?"
"I...I...oh God...I had my...my suspicionsssssmmmm."
"You know, Leonard, (slurp) I have other talents. (slurp) Would you like to see them?"
"Huh? Oh, uh, yeah, sure."
Lysa released him from the grip of her globes and stood up. The camera watched her lift her skirt, reach under it, and pull a pair a lacy white boy panties down her leg. She tossed them to the side. She slid forward over his legs until she hovered over his lap. She lifted the front of her skirt over her waist while keeping her ass barley covered. Her hand was warm and soft when she wrapped it around his pulsing vein. He felt the heat scorch this head just before the warm wetness of her slit dampened it.
Lysa and Leonard both gasped when his bulbous head slipped through her puffy, velvety folds.
"Oh...my...gawwwwwwwwwwd," Lysa moaned the entire slide down his pole until she landed in his lap.
Leonard's eyes fluttered. "Oh...ohmagawd..."
Lysa sat there catching her breath. "I've never felt this full in all my life. My God you're huge!"
"That...that's because you're...you're so tight. Jesus!"
Lysa smiled down at him. Her eyes sparkled. "Am I tighter than Penny?"
Leonard nodded. "Oh...ohmagawd, yes," he panted.
Penny's eyebrows furrowed around Tom's prod at Leonard's comment.Hey! Fucker!she thought.
Lysa slowly began to rise and fall in Leonard's lap, gradually picking up speed. "Ohhhhhhmagawd," she moaned. "OH! Oh yes, that's it! Mmmmmmm..." she purred when Leonard's lips latched onto an erect nipple.
Tom glanced to his right. "You know what? That's not a bad idea." He grabbed Penny by the hair and pulled her off of him and up. "Get up here, bitch."
Penny grabbed at his hand. "Hey, ow! Ow, fucker!"
"Shut up, slut!" he barked when he spun her around. He fell into the chair she had been sitting in, briefly bringing her head with him.
"Ow! Fucker!" He finally released her hair from his grip. She stood straight up, rubbing her head. "Ow, fucker."
Tom stared back at her. "Strip. Do a little dance for me."
Her lips curled at the corners. "Oh, you naughty boy." The camera caught her body swaying as her Daisy Dukes and thong slipped down her legs. As she bent at the waist, the camera zoomed into Tom's eyes as they followed her down. She slipped the garments over her boots and stood back up.
Tom's eyes glid over her tan body. "Wow."
She held the thong over her shoulder and twisted her head to look back into the camera. It picked up the sparkle in her eyes. "Remember guys, these will be auctioned off on the website this week," she said, bouncing the string on her finger. "Pennysplayhouse.com. Don't miss it!"
"She's such a slut!" Bernadette hissed through a clenched jaw at home on her couch.
Tom grabbed both of Penny's hips and pulled her towards him. She stumbled at first but was quickly straddling him. His glistening prod was pointed straight at her throbbing gash.
He pulled down on her hips. "Take a seat, bitch." He sliced through her like a hot knife through butter. "Oh yeah! That's the shit right there!"
Penny fell into his chest. "Holy crap on a cracker! That feels amazing!"
"Good!" He thrust his hips, tossing her into the air.
"Oh fuck!" she squealed.
"Ha ha ha! C'mon, let's go, slut!" She began to bounce. His thrusts up met her on the way down. He palmed both her breasts and began to roughly maul them to her delight.
Camera A was finally able to catch all the action without certain death penalties from the FCC, watching both women's backs bounce up and down in each man's lap. FCC penalties were likely but not certain.
After a few minutes of nothing but moans and begging the heavens for forgiveness, Lysa finally croaked, "Ohmagawd, Leonard, you feel amazing! I...I...you're...ohmagawd! You're going...to...make...me...cum..."
Leonard pulled his face out of her chest and glared at her. "Then cum...bitch! Show us how a TV whore cums!"
She cupped her breasts and closed her eyes while she bounced. "Oh God! Oh God!" Leonard reached between her legs. She felt his hand brush across her thigh, then, "OHMAGOD!" she howled when his thumb landed on her vibrating button. Her head flew back while he rubbed and pressed it. "Ohmagawd! Cumming! Cumming! Ohmagawd, cumming! Yaaaassssss!"
She placed her hands on Leonard's chest to balance herself while her body spasmed out of control. The entire viewing audience watched her orgasm, looking like she was having a seizure.
"Look at the bitch cum," Tom growled into Penny's face. "Let's see if we can make you join her."
Penny smiled back at him. "You're gonna have to try harder than that, stud," she said while she bounced in his lap. She was impressed with his stamina. Most guys would've shot their load by now.
"I've got a better idea," Tom said just as he put his hands under her arms and lifted.
"Wait. Huh? What're you doing?"
He lifted her out of his lap and onto her feet. "Spin around," he demanded.
She grinned and spun around. Camera A just barely caught a frontal view of her before the control booth switched to Camera B, focusing on the action in Leonard's lap and Lysa's back.
"Oh, you are a naughty boy," Penny purred as she backed over Tom's lap.
As she lowered herself down, her drenched gash touched the tip of his knife. He grabbed her hips and stopped her. Her head spun around. "What?" she asked confused.
Tom shook his head. "Nuh uh. Wrong hole."
She gave him a wicked look. "Oh really now? You think you've earned it? You haven't even made me cum yet and you think you can fuck my ass?"
He gave her a crooked grin. "Oh, I know I can." He grabbed her hips with his beefy hands, moved her forward, and pulled.
Penny's eyes nearly shot out of her head. "Son of a bitch!" she howled when his slick tip slid through her rosebud and she landed in his lap.
"Holy shit that's tight!" Tom moaned.
"Son of a bitch," Penny moaned.
Tom reached around her, palmed both tits, and yanked her back into his chest. "I'm gonna wreck your fuckin' ass," he hissed into her ear. The words sent a chill up her back.
"Oh FUCK!" she yiped when he tossed her into the air with his hips.
Lysa stared into Leonard's bespeckled face with fuck-me eyes. "Come on, Leonard," she panted. "I want to feel you cum. I want to feel you cum inside me."
Leonard glanced at the full front image of Penny bouncing out the corner of his eye. "You know what, Lysa? I have a better idea. C'mon, get up," he said as he tried to lift himself out of the chair.
Lysa had never had a man ask her to stop before. "Get up? What? Whoa!" she yelped as she fell back onto her high heeled feet.
Leonard grabbed her hips and gently guided her to the center of the set. "C'mon over here." When they stopped, he leaned into Lysa's back. "Look at that. Penny loves having a woman lick her pussy. Have you ever licked a woman's pussy, Lysa?"
"Uh, well, uh, once or twice maybe," she said hesitantly.
Leonard nodded. "Good, good," he said as he bent her at the waist.
Lysa's face landed in Penny's bouncing lap. Penny's back arched at the first swat of Lysa's tongue at her angry clit. "Holy shit!"
Leonard lifted Lysa's skirt and threw it onto her back. He slid between her legs and held his wand steady.
Lysa's head shot out of Penny's lap when his rod touched her winking rosebud. "Wait! What...what are you...oh God! Wait!"
"What? You've never had anal intercourse before?" Leonard asked clinically.
"Well...well...uh...maybe...maybe once or...or twice..."
"Just relax. You'll love it," Leonard said in an effort to calm her nerves. He pressed.
"Wait! Ohmagawd, wait! You're...you're too big! Oh my God!"
Penny grabbed Lysa by her blonde hair and shoved it back into her V. "Gah! You...you're...gonna...gahfuck! I love it when...when he...he fucks my ass!" Lysa gave a muffled response in Penny's lap.
Leonard pressed forward. The very tip slipped into her back door. Then the head. He felt her sphincter muscle open wide. He fell forward. His balls keep him from going further.
His head snapped back. "Oh my God!"
Lysa's head would have shot up if Penny hadn't been holding it firmly in place. Instead, all the studio heard was a loud, muffled screech.
Camera A stayed on a fully clothed Leonard. The viewing audience saw his pumping hips, Lysa's long legs firmly planted on the floor, Penny's legs standing straight up, part of Tom's thick legs behind Lysa and Leonard's, and the makings of four intertwined bodies.
Penny held Lysa's head in place while each thrust of Tom and Leonard's hips caused Lysa's tongue to rake across Penny's raised bean. Tom mauled Penny's fleshy mounds while Leonard gripped Lysa's ample hips while he gaped her ass. The set began to fill with the distinct smell of sex and sweat.
Penny pressed Lysa's head hard into her shaved snatch. "That's it, you bitch, lick my pussy! Oh yeah, just like that! Oh fuck yeah! Fuck me! Hell yeah! You're...you're gonna make...fuck! Make...me...cum!"
"Look at this bitch! Gonna cum with a cock in her ass and a tongue in her cunt!" Tom chided.
"Come on, Penny! Do it! Show them how you cum like a little slut!" Leonard said while sweat rolled off his face and fell onto Lysa's heart-shaped ass.
Penny's body tensed. She felt that old familiar feeling of lightning bolts racing up her thighs. Her muscles started to tremble.
"Oh fuck yeah! Lick my pussy, you nasty bitch! Oh fuck yeah! Oh God! Oh God! Cumming! Cumming! Gaaahhhhhhh!"
A stampede of thunder and lightning tore through Penny's lithe body. Every nerve ending felt like it was on fire. Her ass quivered around Tom's thick, throbbing cock. Lysa felt Penny's warm juices flow down her chin while Penny continued to press Lysa's face into her fleshy folds.
"God damn! Her ass is squeezing me like a fucking vise grip! I...I can't take any more!" Tom announced to the crowd.
Penny's grip on the back of Lysa's head loosened. She sprang out of Penny's split and peered at Tom's contorted face over Penny's shoulder. "Pull out, Tom! Pull out of her ass!"
In one motion, Penny lifted and Tom pulled back. Penny immediately missed the feeling of his muscle filling her hole. Staying bent at the waist while Leonard continued to pummel her backside, Lysa grabbed Tom's pounding meat and tugged.
"Fuuuuuuuucccckkkkkaaaahhhhh!" Tom cried when his dam burst.
A rope of white shot out of his pole and splattered across her chin. Two more globs spurted out and spread across his purple tip and ran down his shaft across her fingers. Her mouth clamped down on the leaky tip while her hand coaxed as much from his vein as possible.
Just as Lysa was finishing draining Tom, Leonard pulled out and squeezed his throbbing hose. "Okay, I'm done! Yup, I'm done! Penny! Lysa! On your knees! Now!"
Lysa spun around and dropped to her knees. Penny leapt off of Tom's panting body and fell to the floor beside Lysa. Both ladies looked adoringly up past Leonard's pumping hand into his sweat covered face. Penny cupped her globes while Lysa massaged his nut sack with one hand and caressed her 36 specials with the other.
"Oooooo, yeah, Leonard, do it. Give it to me. I want it!" Lysa purred while the camera zoomed on Tom's face.
Penny cheered her boyfriend on. "C'mon, baby, let's see it! Cover us with your cum, baby! I know you can!"
Leonard's strokes stuttered. Lysa felt his balls contract in her hand. His face twisted.
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Here it comes! Here it comes! Here...it...gggaaaahhhhh!"
A thick, white cord crashed into Penny's chest and splashed across the top of her perky tits.
"Oh fuck yeah!" Penny cheered.
Leonard swung his hose to the left, spraying jizz across Lysa arm and across her tits, the stream stopping in her cleavage. Penny's face dove in and swallowed him hole, taking another dose down her throat before Lysa pulled her back and gobbled him up.
Penny finally fell back against Tom who was still sitting in the chair. Leonard stumbled the two steps to his right and fell into the chair he'd previously been getting a blow job in. And Lysa pushed herself up until she was back in her own chair.
Camera C zoomed in on her face, not showing the home viewing audience the cum that was dripped off her erect nipples and flowing through her cleavage down her stomach. What no one could miss was the shine of her face and the thick glob hanging off her chin. Her once perfectly coiffed hair was tousled and out of place. She swiped two fingers across her chin and tucked them sexily between her lips.
After pulling her fingers out of her mouth with a "pop", she looked devilishly into the camera. "That's it for our show today. I hope you enjoyed it as much as we did! This may have been my last show as your host. But what a way to end it, huh? I'd like to thank Penny from Pennysplayhouse.com and her very talented producer Leonard Hofstadter. I don't know about you, but I certainly got an education! Tune in tomorrow when your host, whoever that may be, will have Dave Rollins from the San Diego Zoo with some of his animals. Until then, this has been your host Lysa Lychten andGood Morning, Pasadena!Have a great day!"
*****
Bernadette was livid. "Bitches! All of them! Nothing but sluts and bitches!"
"That's right, Bernie! Nothing but sluts and bitches!" Howard yelled from another room.
"Shut up, Howard!" Her eyes grew to slits. "That bitch is gonna pay."
*****
Later that week, Penny's phone rang. The caller ID said WPSD, the call letters of the station that hosts Good Morning, Pasadena!
Uh ohshe thought.I wonder how much trouble I'm in.She held the phone to her ear and asked, "Hello?" anxiously.
"Hi, Penny! It's Tom. Tom Jenkins. The producer forGood Morning, Pasadena.We, uh, we met on the set. Maybe you don't remember me."
How could I forget that fat fucking cock in my ass?!"Oh, I remember you, Tom! So, uh, what's up, buttercup? Do you and, Lysa, still have, you know, jobs?"
Tom chuckled. "Do we still have jobs?! Hell, we got raises!"
Penny was shocked. "Huh?"
"Yeah! It was our highest rated show ever!"
"You're kidding," she said in disbelief.
"No! Seriously! I mean, at first, the suits wanted our heads on a platter. But then they saw the overnights." He paused. "They said you're welcome back any time! They said they want to 'meet' you next time!"
"You're kidding."
"Nope! Seriously!"
Welcome back any timeshe thought to herself.Hmmmmmmm...