"Mmm hi daddy are you ready to play?" I giggled spreading my legs for him. I had dressed in a blue lace baby doll lingerie set. I hadn't bothered to wear the G-string that came with it, I figured he'd be taking it off me soon enough anyway. I had put the pile of toys he'd gotten me at the end of my bed for easy access.
"Yes I am Princess," he grinned as he took in my revealing outfit. He gripped my ankles and pulled me to the end of the bed until I was pressed firmly against his crotch.
"Oh daddy!" I yelped and giggled.
"Do you know what nipple clamps are sweet heart?" he asked grabbing them off the bed.
"No daddy show me," I bit my lip. His fingers pulled the thin straps of the nightie down my shoulders to reveal my breasts. He clamped the first clamp onto my left nipple and I yelped in pain and pleasure.
"Do you like that Princess?" he murmured as he clamped the second clamp on.
"Oh yes," I moaned.
"Get on your hands and knees Princess," Eric said as he grabbed the dildo from the pile of toys. My pussy tingled in anticipation as I rolled over and arched my back sticking my ass in the air. Eric rubbed the dildo along my wet slit and then circled the tip of it around my ass hole. I shook with excited and sexual energy as he slowly inserted the dildo into my butt.
"What're you doing daddy?" I purred once the dildo was completely inserted and he began fingering my dripping wet hole.
"I'm going to teach you what double penetration is sweet heart... daddy only has the dildo this time, but maybe daddy can invite a friend next time," Eric chuckled as he began undoing the tie on his pajama bottoms.
"Oh I'd love that," I mewed in approval. Eric squeeze my cheeks in each hand and gave me a light spanking on each. I was aching for his cock when he finally slammed it inside me. I moaned loudly in response and the dildo that had been sitting dormant in my ass was thrust in and out. He fucked my ass and my pussy simultaneously and I was in sensory overload, complete sexual bliss. I could feel my orgasm building fast and could barely fight it off. My pussy was drenched in my own juices as Eric thrust inside me and the room was filled with our combined moans.
Eric's free hand reached around and pulled on the chain connecting the nipple clamps. A white hot pain emanating from my nipples made me yelp at first but as he continued to rip and pull on the chain the pain turned to a numb pleasure. My pussy walls began tightening around his cock as his speed increased and soon I was screaming in pleasure. Eric tried to hush me because of Blake, but I was beyond caring. My sopping wet pussy squelched as Eric continued to fuck it building me to yet another orgasm. His cum filled me with one final thrust and I groaned at the feeling of his hot load filling me up.
As his cock and the dildo slid out of me I collapsed to the bed completely spent and Eric massaged my ass cheeks.
"Thank you for that Princess," Eric murmured setting the dildo on my bed and pulling his pants back up. He left my room quietly as I slipped into a deep sleep the nipple clamps still stimulating my chest.
"Callie wake up," Blake's deep voice said as he shook me.
"Mmm what?" I sighed opening my eyes. Bright daylight greeted me and I groaned as I sat up.
"Fun night last night?" Blake smirked nodding to my chest. The sexy nightie hung off me and Eric's cum still dribbled from my pussy.
"Very," I smirked back. I moaned as I removed the nipple clamps to reveal two very bruised and tender areolas.
"Yikes that's rough need me to kick someone's ass?" Blake asked sitting down next to me and gently running his fingers over my breasts.
"No it was incredible, I just fell asleep with those damn things on," I chuckled.
Blake's eyes went to the pile of sex toys on my bed and he waggled his eyebrows.
"So getting kinky huh?"
"Oh shut up, you know it turns you on," I laughed, "now if you'd like to continue this conversation I need a shower."
"Fine, but I am very interested in those vibrating panties," he grinned as he followed me to the bathroom.
"Well I don't think they're your size, but if you want them you can have them," I teased. Blake rolled his eyes at me and leaned against the sink counter as I undressed and got into the shower. The water cascaded down my body washing away sweat and cum. The water pressure made my nipples ache as it hit them causing me to whimper. Blake watched me as I scrubbed myself clean and washed my hair his eyes follow my hands up and down my body. It was kind of a turn on actually and by the time I was done all I wanted to do was fuck him.
"Here," he grinned handing me a towel as I stepped out.
"No thanks," I smirked as I pressed my wet naked body up against him. I stood on my tip toes and pulled his face down to me kissing him deeply.
"Callie if I didn't know any better I think you were coming on to me," Blake joked. I rolled my eyes and stepped away from him.
"I want you to fuck me in the living room with the windows open so all the neighbors can see," I told him. I knew Eric was fishing with his friends today so we had the house completely to ourselves.
"Might as well just fuck you in the front yard," Blake chuckled.
"Maybe next time," I smirked.
I grabbed his hand and placed it between my legs pushing his fingers up I slid his hand along my slit.
"Now if you want to put your hard cock in this pussy I'd get to the living room," I squeezed my thighs around his hand.
With that I walked off knowing he was following me without question.
When I got to the living room I opened all the blinds and the bright morning sun highlighted my naked body basking me in it's warm glow. Any nosy neighbor would be getting quite a sight right now and it made me shiver in excitement. I opened up the window too, I wanted them to able to hear my screams of pleasure. As I turned back around Blake pulled me against his naked body, his hard cock against my stomach as we made out.
I broke the kiss after a few minutes and bent over in front of him. I gripped the window sill and wiggled my ass inviting him.
"Fuck me Blake," I purred as his fingers grazed all over my body. He rubbed and pinched my nipples making me yelp and then moved on to massage my ass. Blake gripped my hips and lifted me so I was standing on my tip toes. I was quivering and practically begging him to fuck me before he gave in. He slammed inside of me pushing me against the glass window as he thrust hard inside my pussy.
"Oh yeah fuck me fuck me hard mmm," I moaned loudly.
James and Eric were a fun fuck, but it was really Blake who knew how to work my body. He'd become very familiar with every inch of me and knew exactly what to do. When I came, screaming and writhing against he didn't let up he continued to fuck me hard and fast. I felt like I was going to collapse as he railed me and I whimpered when he began smacking my ass hard.
"You want me to cum inside you don't you?" Blake growled.
"Yes, yes please," I cried out as he fucked me into another orgasm.
We came together his cock filling my pussy with cum as I drenched his cock and my thighs with my own cum. He continued to slowly thrust inside me until he softened and pulled out.