Author's Note:This story is a fun commission reward for one of my awesome readers. Standard disclaimer applies: this story contains graphic depictions of sex and mind control, so if it's illegal or immoral for you to be reading this, stop now! All characters are at least eighteen, all situations are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life individuals or situations is entirely coincidental. Copyright Fidget, 2021. All rights reserved. Enjoy!
A Few Journalistic Liberties
by Fidget
She was sitting on a park bench in the quad reading a novel when I walked by, and I immediately recognized that the cute brunette was too perfect an interview subject to pass up. As expected, of course, as soon as I flipped out the viewfinder on the small, retro camcorder, the busty co-ed somehow sensed that she was on camera, looked up, and flashed me a bright smile, ready and eager to answer any question I decided to ask her.
"Hi there! What are you reading?"
"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow," my charming interviewee responded perkily. "It really is a fantastic book."
"It absolutely is," I agreed. "Though I suppose it makes sense that you'd think that."
"How do you mean?" she asked, her voice full of curiosity, awaiting my next statement.
"Why, having a detachable head, of course, just like the Headless Horseman!"
"Oh, that!" she responded, waving her hand dismissively as though it were the most natural thing in the world. "No, I'd like to think that that's just a coincidence, though it certainly could have something to do with it," she said with a warm, comfortable smile. "No, I love it for its evocative gothic atmosphere and the ambiguity of its ending."
"Still, the similarity is striking nonetheless. What's it like to just take your head off whenever you like?"
"Oh, it's pretty convenient, actually," the stunning vision responded smoothly, clearly unbothered by the question. She lay her book on the bench beside her so that she could put her hands on either side of her head, and then she pantomimed taking her head off her shoulders and cradling it carefully in her arms. "I leave it on most of the time, but it does make it easier to see at sporting events! Also, you might not expect this, but I think I actually use it more to look under things than over them. And, contrary to popular belief, I never forget it, even when it's not attached!" Her easy laugh shimmered in the breeze before she noticed where my eyes were focused. "You don't have to keep looking above my shoulders, by the way," she continued sympathetically. "It doesn't bother me or anything for you to look at it when it's off."
I hadn't even realized that I'd still been looking at her real head (because it was the one actually doing the speaking, since detachable heads don't exist, of course), but it made perfect sense that she would interpret the gesture as just being polite.
"I'm sorry - I'm just not used to seeing someone with your... condition," I responded with a hint of affected awkwardness.
"It's no problem. I'm just like anyone else, really."
"Of course you are. It must really come in handy in the bedroom too, huh?" I asked with a grin, knowing she wouldn't be able to resist going along with such a leading question.
"Absolutely!" she gushed as her smile widened, though I made sure to keep my eyes fixed firmly on the empty space in her arms. "It makes eating myself out a cinch!"
"Why don't you show all the folks at home just how that looks? I'm sure they've never seen a girl eat herself out before."
"Of course!" the brunette responded enthusiastically. She made a show of carefully placing her imaginary head on the bench beside her, and then stood up briefly to unzip her jeans and smoothly slide them and her panties down to her ankles before sitting once more, completely naked from the waist down. She leaned back and spread her legs as she picked up her "head" so that the camera had an unrestricted view of the delightful little pussy between her toned thighs, with its tastefully trimmed landing strip above her cute slit. She had clearly prepared herself for some action in the near future, though I doubt she expected to be fully exposing herself in public like this, on camera. Still, she seemed comfortable with the situation and eager to get started, so she gave the camera a big smile from the very real head on her shoulders as she lowered the imaginary head she held in her hands down to her crotch, before carefully turning it around to face her exposed pussy.
I could feel myself starting to get hard watching this gorgeous woman close her eyes and seductively lick the air as her hips began to rock, moving her labia up and down in the cool morning air as they began to glisten with her arousal. I glanced around and noticed that we were starting to draw a small crowd, though from the mildly interested looks on their faces I could tell that the interview was little more than a curiosity to the onlookers. Still, many of the men were just as interested in the appealing sight of a sexy, half-naked young woman as I was, even though what she was doing clearly seemed in no way out of the ordinary to them.
Meanwhile the curvy brunette just sat there on the park bench, enthusiastically licking nothing at all as the rhythm and intensity of her tongue continued to build. Her empty hands bobbed up and down in her lap in time with her tongue's flicks, and I could tell from the squirming movements of her torso and the deepening flush of arousal on her face and chest that her brain was nonetheless receiving the full sensation of her imaginary self-stimulation.
With the way she'd framed her hands around her "head", I had a perfect view of her pussy as it finally began to rhythmically clench and tighten as her orgasm began and her natural lubricant began to drip from her labia, bright pink and swollen at the climax of her physical arousal. She began to moan around the final, erratic movements of her tongue in the middle of the empty air as her mind clouded with pleasure.
Looking around, I saw that many of the men were discreetly sporting erections, just as I was, though apparently it wasn't proper for them to actually do anything about it in public. As the brunette's breathing slowly returned to normal, she lifted her "head" back up, turned it around, and plopped it back down on her shoulders.
"Well, thanks so much for your participation in our little interview today! I think we all learned a lot about the incredible diversity of human sexuality," I said, and saw a few of the bystanders nodding in agreement. "I'll let you get back to your book, though I bet you want to give yourself another orgasm or two first, don't you?"
"You know it! No problem, it was a lot of fun," she answered, eyes sparkling with delight as she "removed her head" once more and stuck it back between her legs. After the camera snapped shut, she calmly went back to licking the air, moaning and pivoting her hips as she ground her clit against her imaginary tongue as I walked away.
Now that the camera was closed, the bystanders too slowly went about their business, though more than a few glanced back over their shoulders at the ordinary-yet-arousing sight of a half-naked hottie with a detachable head eating herself out in public.
I continued on my way, in a hurry to get to my next appointment, and as I opened the large double doors to the History department I reflected on how the camera had come into my possession. I had been asked to go through some of the film school's old junk in storage, and had happened across this old camcorder in a cardboard box that was blank except for the words "You provide the pictures and I'll provide the war". I'd always liked old film tech, so I kept the camera for myself, correctly predicting that no one would miss it.
Once I began using it, however, I quickly discovered that it was anything but an ordinary camera. Anyone I pointed it at immediately became eager to be filmed, and treated any question I asked of them as completely reasonable and a perfectly accurate description of their situation. Plus, any passers-by watching the interview would be fully aware of the events occurring on-camera, but would nonetheless accept it all as true and be completely unbothered. Even after the interview was over and the camera was off, the people I had interviewed continued to believe whatever I had told them, and all of the spectators continued to act as though the subject's actions were completely normal, no matter how outlandish my prompts became.
I was the only one seemingly unaffected by the camera's effects, but I assumed that was only because I was the one holding the camera and conducting the interview. In any case, I could still see how out of the ordinary everything was after one of my interviews, even if nobody else could.
I wandered through the bottom floor of the History building, looking for the Medieval Political Structures class whose presentation I was supposed to be recording, until I saw through the windows of one of the auditoriums a trio of students, two guys and a cute redhead, preparing to speak in front of a large class whose eyes were already glazed in boredom. Group presentations, yuck. I decided to go a bit beyond my mandate and make their project more enjoyable for everyone involved.
I opened the door and entered the classroom, nodding apologetically to the professor who frowned at my late arrival. I feigned preparations of my own for a few seconds before turning the camera toward the trio, already open and on as the guy standing on the left began to speak. He became a bit more animated under the camera's effects while he delivered his introduction, clearly wanting to make a good impression, but otherwise continued as before.
Feigning confusion, I lifted my free hand and gently interrupted, making sure my voice was loud enough to carry to the back of the mid-sized auditorium. "Excuse me, sorry to interrupt, but wasn't the original plan to deliver the presentation completely nude?"
The trio looked at each other and laughed a bit as they began to strip. "Sorry about that," the cute redhead tittered as she unclasped her bra and her pale, freckled b-cups bounced out into the open. "We completely forgot!" She gave only a brief, passing glance to the two soft cocks that flopped out on either side of her as she bent over to pull her shorts and underwear down, before standing up and shuffling her note cards into order. Similarly, even though the guys were clearly attracted to the soft curves of their third partner, they carefully kept their eyes above her chest as they prepared to continue. All three were all business, fully focused on earning top marks, but that wouldn't do at all for what I had in mind, of course. I decided to make them a bit more aware of each other's bodies, and in doing so make the presentation a bit more "interactive".
"You also seem to have forgotten that you weren't just supposed to be nude; you were supposed to show off how much you enjoy fucking each other while you present the information. And don't forget that foreplay is an essential part of a strong introduction!"
That seemed to do it. With sheepish grins, the trio finally turned their attention toward each other's naked bodies, and the guys' cocks started to thicken and rise as they suddenly remembered that they were about to get to fuck their hot partner. The professor signaled for the trio to begin, but this time when the guy on the left started to speak once more, the redhead's small hands reached over and gently began to stroke her partners' cocks to full erection. Since he wasn't currently focused on speaking, the presenter on her right reached full mast almost immediately, and so took the initiative to warm the redhead up as well, kneeling between her thighs and amateurishly licking at her exposed pussy lips.
It seemed to work, however, and from the forty-five degree angle I was filming from, I had a perfect view of his tongue moistening her entrance while her growing arousal lubricated her tight tunnel from the inside, preparing her for the intercourse that made up a significant portion of her presentation grade. She soon moaned her readiness and bent over, offering herself to the first presenter who was still monologuing about the agricultural practices of feudal Europe.
She gave a small coo of pleasure as the tip of his cock parted her sensitive labia and slid smoothly into her depths. Glad that it wasn't her turn to speak yet, the redhead basked in the sensation of primal fullness for a second before her partner slowly withdrew. He too was clearly enjoying the sensation of their copulation as her soft folds pulled and tugged at him, and when he concluded his portion of the presentation I could hear a bit of a quaver in his voice from the waves of pleasure emanating from his dick.
As much as she was enjoying herself, however, the redhead was now looking with no small amount of trepidation at her other partner's cock as he picked up where the first presenter left off. His dick was hanging fully erect in her face, eager and ready for the slick stimulation of her mouth, but it was clear that, whether she disliked him or just hated giving blowjobs, the girl really wasn't looking forward to what she was about to do. Still, her grade depended on it, and so she sucked it up and prepared to dive in.
I didn't enjoying seeing her discomfort, so I decided to make it a bit easier for her and interrupted once more. "Sorry to cut in, but I just wanted to point out how convenient it must be for you, especially in group projects, that your mouth is also a fully functional vagina and vice versa. Getting double-teamed like this must be your favorite thing in the world!"
"Oh, it is!" she gushed before eagerly pouncing on the cock throbbing in her face, burying it up to the hilt in her throat, and I saw her eyes roll back as the pleasure flooding her body effectively doubled. Meanwhile, she briefly pulled her pussy off her first partner and began bobbing her ass up and down. I nodded sagely as I pretended to listen, realizing that she was taking the opportunity to "speak" out of her lower mouthpussy now that her upper one was happily stuffed with dick.
When she had finished her answer, and had slid her first partner's thick cock back into her real, dripping pussy, I apologized for the second interruption and encouraged the trio to continue. Apparently, it was now the redhead's turn to speak, so she briefly pulled her mouth off the dick in front of her to blurt out half a sentence about the failures of feudalism, before eagerly stuffing his cock back into her mouthpussy and moaning in pleasure as her other partner pulled out so that she could continue her sentence.
I just stood there and watched, ignoring the fact that I could only understand the first half of each sentence, half-hypnotized by the rhythm of her body as it bounced back and forth between the two cocks as each mouthpussy "spoke" in turn, while her dangling breasts and pointy nipples stiff with arousal slowly swayed with the momentum of their pendulous movement.
At this point I took a break from the scene to look around the auditorium, pleased to see that each and every student was paying rapt attention, and that more than a few of them, men and women alike, had teased their hands down toward their crotches as the sheer eroticism of this perfectly normal history presentation began to affect their hormonal young bodies. I decided to help them out with that a bit, and panned the camera across the class, watching their eyes light up with interest as each spectator entered the shot.
"I can't believe you all forgot that you're supposed to openly masturbate while you watch the presentations," I called out. "Don't forget that class participation is a significant portion of your grade!" The students grinned sheepishly as they quickly unbuttoned/unzipped their various garments, pulled them down, and dropped their hands into their laps to engage in some much-needed self-pleasure as they watched their classmates fucking each other with wanton abandon at the front of the auditorium. They wanted a good participation grade, after all, especially when earning it was so easy and felt so good!
"Oh, and please remember to save all cumming until the question period, of course, so as not to distract our presenters!" I concluded matter-of-factly, and had to stifle a laugh as a guy in the front row, who had been watching the sexy redhead at the front of the room get stuffed with cock a bit too intently, panicked and tried to cover his throbbing dick as he accidentally stroked himself past the point of no return and began to ejaculate.
I looked back over at the professor, who clucked his tongue in disapproval while the offending student unsuccessfully tried to stop himself from shooting spurt after spurt of semen across the classroom floor, arcing toward the redhead who was somehow still managing to deliver her presentation while being spitroasted in both of her mouthpussies.
Once the professor decided that the miscreant had been sufficiently chastened, now that the student's orgasm had tailed off to merely dripping out of his softening cock and pooling on his seat, the professor went back to calmly watching the small orgy at the front of the classroom, taking careful notes on both content and the quality of the sex as he scrutinized the presenters, ignoring his own hard dick as it pitched a noticeable tent in his trousers.
I panned the camera back to him, deciding that he should set a more active example for his students. "I think you should be just as involved in the presentation as the other audience members are. Don't you agree, Professor?"
If anything, the middle-aged man looked relieved as he quickly fished out his own cock and began to stroke it, clearly envisioning filling one of the redhead's tight young mouthpussies himself, though, ever the professional, he continued to look around the room every few seconds to make sure all of the students in the audience were openly masturbating as required. Satisfied to see a room full of faces flushed with arousal, of hard cocks briskly stroked and fingers sliding deep into uncovered pussies, he returned his gaze to the front just as the presentation began to wrap up.
The words "Are there any questions?" suddenly hung heavy in the pregnant silence for an eternal second, and then the air filled with a deafening, erotic cacophony of deep, masculine moans and high-pitched, feminine cries as an auditorium full of unbearable sexual tension simultaneously exploded in massive, collective release.
A veritable shower of semen erupted across the room, raining down on the conditioned tresses and tight blouses of dozens of cute co-eds as they too rode out the bucking hips and gushing pussies of their own orgasmic ecstasy. The professor was no exception, and I noticed that he was intently watching the cute redhead come down from her double-ended orgasm as he shot rope after rope of old man spooge onto the floor.
I hadn't been contracted to film the question period, so in the chaos I silently packed up my equipment and slipped out. I was curious to hear what sorts of questions would follow such a presentation, but I was anxious to get to my next appointment. As I left the classroom I briefly passed a member of the custodial staff, watching with a mixture of interest and horror as he stood by with his mop. "Damn, I hate history presentations."
Down the hall I noticed a shy, modestly-dressed girl leaning against the wall breathing heavily. She had an acutely sexual flush on her face, so I concluded that she'd been watching the presentation through the window as well, but she also looked oddly sad in spite of her arousal.
"Excuse me, miss," I blurted impulsively, resigning myself to being late as I swung the camera over toward her and watched her mousy face become eager and attentive.
"You seemed to be enjoying yourself just now. Why is that?" I asked, knowing that she'd be more than happy to tell me the truth now that she was on camera.
"Oh, I just really enjoy seeing all of the cute guys' hard cocks during the history presentations each semester," she said without a hint of hesitation. "It gets me super horny!"
"Well if you were enjoying yourself, why did you look so sad?"
"Because I'll never experience anything like that myself! I'm too thin, and nobody finds me attractive! I've never even had a boyfriend, and I'm not a History major so I can't even take the courses that would let me get fucked during a presentation!" Her frown was back, and though I was still busy pondering the interesting implications of this history course now being viewed as a legitimate method of getting laid, I was sad to hear her words, and wanted to do what I could to help her out. Luckily, my camera had rendered her completely suggestible, so it shouldn't be much trouble.
I took a second to glance up and down her body. She certainly was thin, with no curves to speak of, and with only a moderately attractive face, but even so I could tell that her problem was likely due more to lack of self-confidence than to her figure. I decided to help her out with both nonetheless, and to make sure she got exactly what she wanted.
I noticed that she was watching me closely as I looked her up and down, so I feigned a look of utter bewilderment and made a point of focusing my gaze on her hips and chest. "What do you mean? I can't see anything like that from where I'm standing! In fact, you've got an amazing figure, something out of a teenager's wet dream! With curves like that you've always oozed sex appeal, haven't you?"
The twiggy, plain-looking brunette looked down at herself in sudden satisfaction as she realized that she wasn't flat at all! Her fantastically large, firm tits never ceased to draw the attention of the horny guys in her classes, and her thick hips and bubble butt promised more than enough cushion when impaling herself with dick. If only she weren't so shy about taking the guys up on it when they propositioned her!
"I still think your best asset is your confidence though," I continued. "You've never been afraid to walk straight up to a guy you find attractive, flash your massive tits, and ask for a one-way ticket to pound town, have you?"
At this her face showed none of its earlier downcast shyness, but rather beamed with a combination of self-confidence and pent-up arousal even as her eyes continued to glisten with the remnants of her forgotten tears.
"In fact, you were just about to show them off for us, right?" I asked, grinning as the tiny girl's hands leapt to the hem of her shirt. "It's not every day you see such an uninhibited hottie with two pairs of massive tits hanging off her chest!"
"Of course I was gonna show them off!" the petite brunette giggled, eagerly pulling up her thin tanktop and making jiggling motions with her hands about a foot in front of her tiny chest, which didn't move an inch regardless of her exertions. First she held her hands high, jiggling what she believed to be her top pair of breasts, before moving her hands down and bouncing the lower pair, and then alternating high and low on either side so the audience could fully experience the unique spectacle offered by her naked, four-titted torso.
"Wow, that was amazing!" I enthused when she stopped thrusting her flat chest at the camera, though she didn't seem to feel the need to pull her shirt back down. "You seem to have gotten even hornier though. If it's ok with you, I'd like to film you throwing yourself at the nearest guy."
"Great idea!" she gushed, before flouncing over to her lucky target nearby. He had been watching the interview and was plainly interested in what he was seeing, even though it now seemed completely natural to him for her shirt to be pulled up and her four massive breasts to be hanging out in the middle of the hallway. His eyes followed the nonexistent bouncing of her chest as she approached.
I panned over to him, and as soon as he came into the frame he too became incredibly attentive, clearly glad to be on camera and eager to be commanded.
"You think her big tits are incredibly sexy, don't you?" I asked.
"Of course!" he responded as his eyes filled with lust for the woman's narrow, twig-like body.
"Does it bother you that she has four of those giant, bouncy udders dangling off her chest?"
"Not at all! I've always kinda had a thing for girls with extra tits," the young man admitted.
"That's why you were about to bend her over this bench and fuck the hell out of her, right?" I asked.
"Damn straight!" he responded, losing no time in pushing her over the side of one of the benches lining the hallway with one hand as he pulled down her loose sweatpants with the other. His tiny partner mewled with anticipation as he pressed himself up against her bony thighs as though they were a thick, pillowy ass, and then the petite brunette finally got what she needed as her mate bent over her, grabbed tightly onto what he thought were four giant tits hanging huge and heavy from her tiny torso, and thrust himself home while she screamed in ecstasy.
Happy to see that I'd not only helped the girl with her self-image, but also helped her find a guy friend to have some fun with, I turned the camera away from the enthusiastic couple and went on my way, leaving them to their very public lovemaking. The side doors of the building were open, so I could still hear the satisfied girl's high-pitched squeals halfway across the next quad.
Fifteen minutes later I finally arrived at the football stadium, just in time for the game to end. I was supposed to cover the entire fourth quarter, but with that plan now out the window I figured I should at least get the post-game interviews while I was here. And, with my new camera, it wasn't like my boss wouldn't believe whatever excuse I made up to cover my absence.
So, I got to work. I walked over to where the cheerleaders were celebrating with the football team and snapped open the viewfinder. I focused on the lead cheerleader, an astonishingly attractive blonde who filled out her skimpy uniform to nearly pornographic proportions.
"How do you feel about the win today?" I yelled over the sound of the fans screaming in the stands.
"I feel, like, great about it! Go team!" she shouted as she bounced up and down a few times, and I tried not to stare as her tits continued to bounce for a second after the rest of her had finished.
"Are you ready for the post-game gangbang though? The football team outnumbers you guys like three to one, and I hear they have some pretty massive cocks!"
"Of course! That's what we're here for, after all!" she shouted, flashing me an eager smile as plans to fill herself with jock dick flooded her mind.
"What about the rest of you sluts?" I yelled as I panned over the rest of the squad and most of the football team. "I know there's never enough cock to go around for you horny bimbos, but do you think that this time the team will be able to satisfy you, right here on the field in front of the entire stadium!?"
I got a chorus of "No way!" in return as the slutty cheerleaders' eyes filled with lust and they began to pair off with the tall, muscular football players, who had already begun removing their cups and freeing their thickening dicks, eager for their weekly dose of tight cheerleader pussy.
I snapped the camera closed and started on my way, figuring that the giant pile of horny athletes could more than take it from there.
"Hey cameraman, why don't you come join us?" one of the young sluts asked, pulling up her top to advertise her trim waist and perky tits as she winked at me suggestively. I prepared to refuse, for some reason feeling like it wouldn't be right to take advantage of the situation when I was the one who'd done this to them in the first place, but then it occurred to me that there was an incredibly simple way to free myself from the burden of my moral conundrum. I snapped the camera back open and told the gorgeous vixen to ask me again, before turning it on myself.
I immediately felt my anxiety drain away, and all I knew was that I was just happy to be here, eager to participate in whatever interview I'd found myself in. Suddenly, from off-camera I heard a flirty female voice: "Hey cameraman, are you ready to get in on this orgy with us!?"
I suddenly remembered that it was completely normal for the cameraman to participate in the post-game orgies, and couldn't wait to take the fit young brunette up on her offer. I turned the camcorder away a second later, briefly wondering if anything was different now that I too had been exposed to the persuasive glint of its lens. I decided not to worry about it and carefully replaced the camera in its case - the head cheerleader was bending over to pull down her skirt and panties, and as her tight, smooth entrance peeked out from between her toned thighs I wanted to make sure that I was the first lucky stud to pump a load into her slutty pussy.