This is my first attempt at writing an erotic story, feedback would be appreciated!
*
I almost didn't see you, leaning up against the sign topped by a huge pumpkin with a mischievous grin. I shivered in the cold air as I walked towards you, admiring the way you filled out the tight black jeans that showed just enough of the outline of your cock to make me curious.
"You're late." I tried my best to look serious about you showing up an hour after our friends and I arrived.
Your playful smile was enough to make me quicken my pace to where you stood. Just the quick kiss you gave me was enough to ignite the smoldering need inside me.
"You know I had work. I got off and came straight here!"
I gave you a hug just long enough to whisper "You will be punished later, don't think you can get away with being late again..."
A slight tilt of your hips pressing against my crotch revealed exactly how your body reacted to my presence. I saw hunger in your eyes as you quickly looked from me to our friends standing a few feet away. You pulled your green and black flannel down, preparing for the night.
We walked towards our friends, and after a round of hello's started walking towards one of the theme park's dozen Halloween-themed mazes with the other hordes of excited groups, giddy with anticipation and ready to be scared by one of the monsters roaming around the park.
I was clad in thin black leggings and a low-cut blue sweater, trying to stay warm as the night turned increasingly chilly. My D cup breasts were barely contained in the sweater, and I could feel your eyes taking in their glory.
I moved a little closer to you as a ghoul dressed in full ghostly makeup eyed us, watching us walk to the first maze.
We settled into a long line to get into the horror-movie themed maze as our friends chattered around us. You pulled me closer as a huge gust of wind breezed past us.
I felt my nipples harden as you wrapped your arms around me and nestled your head on my shoulder so we both faced our friends, still chatting and laughing.
The line took over an hour, while we stole secret kisses when our friends looked away. Occasionally you would taunt me, pushing your growing cock up against the small of my back while planting lingering kisses on my neck.
Finally, it was our turn to travel through the dark maze. Monsters came at us from all corners, walking just close enough to us to make us wonder where they would come from next.
The darkness of the maze made you bold, we kept walking and yours hands slowly traveled down my body, stopping to gently squeeze my nipples but never touching my pussy, which was soaked at the excitement of being touched so intimately while surrounded by so many people.
By then you were fully erect, aroused by the temptation of my feverishly warm body. As we exited the maze, your hand leisurely grazed the warm spot between my legs. I trembled at your touch and let out a small moan. You moved from standing behind me to my side, not wanting to awaken suspicion of those around us.
The gusty Santa Ana winds were blowing when we emerged, drawing us together like a magnet. You took my hand, not daring to look at me and continuing to talk to our friends despite having an obvious raging boner.
By the time we waited in line and walked into the next maze, my pussy was dripping wet. I turned the tables on you, ruthlessly licking and biting your neck in the shadowy rooms. I reached down and caressed your balls, giving you a taste of the powerful orgasm that was to come. You were having a harder and harder time controlling your breathing as your eyes fluttered in pleasure, daring me to tempt you even further.
The maze couldn't be over fast enough. I knew our self-control couldn't last much longer, so we made a weak excuse about wanting to eat dinner at one of the park's many restaurants and separated from our group of friends.
We walked side-by-side, finally finding a dark spot in a deserted corner of the park. You pounced on me like a lion swoops on its prey, pushing your huge hard cock into my throbbing clit. After a quick look around to check that we were alone I started grinding my eager pussy against your hungry cock.
I could barely contain my moans of pleasure, so to keep me quiet you shoved your fingers in my mouth. I sucked on them as I moved up and down on your dick, driven crazy with pleasure coursing through my body. There were thousands of people walking around the park, and I knew we were visible to anyone who looked in the right spot.
The thought that someone might be watching us combined with your magical hands sweeping across my rock hard nipples was too much to handle. A shiver went up my spine, and I arched my back as my self-control erupted and my toes curled, having no control of the loud moans that escaped my mouth. When it was all over, I realized I had cum so much that the crotch of my pants were soaked.
I gazed at you hungrily, unable to take my eyes away from the revealing bugle in your tight jeans. Our mouths found each other and I sucked your lip and pressed my warm tongue against yours. Our kiss was urgent, only broken by the sudden vibrating of your phone. We broke apart, realizing our friend Lauren was calling, wondering where we were.
"Hey, it's me. I was just wondering if you guys wanted to go on the log ride with us. We are probably going to leave after, I have to get up early for work tomorrow."
Realizing my moans had broken the bubble of protective darkness around us, we decided to move on and a few minutes later were back in line for one of the few water rides in the park.
The dropping temperature meant that the line for the log ride was short. One of the more popular summertime attractions, the log ride consisted of a log-shaped boat with two large seats designed to fit two people each for a total of four.
We arrived at the entrance, choosing to sit in the front of the boat while our friends Lauren and Jeff sat in the back. You offered to sit in front of me, allowing me to lean back on the seat and be protected from splashing water. We settled in the boat just as it jolted and started climbing a hill, eventually emerging in a dark, fake cave filled with singing animated cowboys.
Between the screams of other riders ahead of us, the dancing cowboys, and the shrieks of Lauren and Jeff we could barely hear anything. I had my arms wrapped around you, scared of getting splashed with ice-cold water when I suddenly realized this would be the perfect spot to satisfy you.
I slid my right hand into your waistband while simultaneously unbuttoning your jeans with the other. Your hard cock sprang to attention as you looked at me with an expression that told me you were nervous to be pleasured so publicly but you were willing to try it.
My hand slid inside your boxers against your silken skin as I took your growing dick in my hand, rubbing it up and down while stroking your balls with my other hand. You immediately relaxed against me, giving in and letting me take control of you. At that point I was unstoppable, rubbing and jerking you off as fast as I could, completely lost in the moment and forgetting where we were.
You writhed against me, breathing hard as I jerked your swollen cock up and down. The ride started going faster and faster, and we realized we were at the tip of the mountain, facing a long downward drop. You gripped my armed as I went faster and faster, eyes rolling back in your head with pure pleasure.
"Almost there baby...almost there..." you were breathing so hard you could barely speak. Encouraged by your words, I savored your obvious pleasure and continued to pump your rigid cock harder. "Cum for me Danny, I want you to squirt all over me" my words whispered in your ear as you reached the point of no return.
The ride spiraled downward as you moaned and jerked your body forward, spilling loads of white-hot cum all over my hands as water splashed around us.
Realizing the ride was nearly over, we quickly cleaned up and you zipped your still-throbbing cock back into your jeans.
"Wow you guys must have really liked the ride. You're both soaked." Lauren's voice brought us back to reality and we examined the fact that we were indeed drenched.
Our fake log pulled back into the station and we got out, legs wobbling.
Lauren continued to chatter about the park as we strolled out the ride exit. You looked at me and we traded smiles, knowing that our friends hadn't noticed and our secret was safe.
"Oh look, we gotta stop and see the picture!" Lauren exclaimed.
"Uh, what picture!?" Danny said cautiously. Neither of us realized that the park had taken a quick photo of us on our drop down the mountain.
Danny and I stared at each other, eyes wide, realizing that the ride picture would reveal our dirty little secret. We quickened our pace and walked up to the knot of people standing in front of the screens displaying our photos.
"Oh my god! Look at that couple in the front of the boat!" someone yelled excitedly.
Danny and I ran faster than we ever had before, giggling at what the picture might show and checking over our shoulders for the park security we were sure would be after us.
We ran until we couldn't run anymore and doubled over in laughter, ending up in the shadow of a large oak tree.
Danny looked at me and shook his head. "Only we could be that crazy!" he couldn't help but grin as I gave him a playful smile. "What ride did you want to go on next?"
To be continued