This is a short little story that crept into my mind, before I rolled out of bed this morning. Sometimes that's when I get ideas for stories, most of the time though I forget them before I can get my teeth brushed. It's the shits getting old. It's a story about a man whose wife pushed him to go to a party with her that he didn't really want to go too. A man who gets drunk and bored then makes his own fun.
For me it's a short story, about 5k word count. It has sex and nudity in it, so if you're under eighteen, please move on. For the rest of us, I hope that you'll enjoy my little tale.
*
I was in a rotten mood. I can't really call it writer's block because I can still write, it's just shit. I wrote three chapters today, which sucked. That didn't make anywhere close to my goal of 15,000 words a day. Then I started back reading three previous chapters, then on through what I wrote today. Highlighted today's' writing and hit the delete key, like I said pure shit. It didn't even fit with the flow of the book.
Yeah I'm an author, not a famous one, but I sell enough to pay some bills, with enough extra to put in the bank for a rainy day. Plus my wife works too, so we're sitting pretty well financially. She works as an outside saleswoman for a clothing manufacture. It's just her and I, no kids, early on we decided against adding to the over population of the world.
I'm trying something new in my writing. I have a cops and robber, action series that I have written for quite a while. It's through a publisher with an agent and all that traditional stuff. My agent and I went to the publisher and negotiated a deal that allowed me to try a self published line of erotic adult romance novels on Amazon, with the option of being bought by the publisher if they sold enough. Today I was writing in the cops and robber series, that's my main money maker, that's why I'm pissed off.
I'm in a bad enough mood that I go and mix up a gin and tonic. That's not usual for me, to start drinking this early. I'm not even half way through the first one, when the wife breezes in chattering a mile a minute. She's early too, but seeing the G&T in my hand brings her to a dead stop.
"Oh...not good, someone had a bad day."
"Yeah, I wrote only three chapters, and then deleted them. So it seemed like a start drinking early and often day."
"Well how about drinking someone else's booze. One of the stores I've been trying to get my foot in the door on has asked us to a cocktail party that they're having tonight. I know that it's short notice, but it's just the kind of thing that I need to do to get in good with the people, to get them to know me. Then I might be able to parley that into an order."
"I know that it's the kind of thing that you hate to go to, but it might get and keep you out of your funk, and drunk on someone else's dime. Plus you know how much you like to people watch. This party will be a great time to do that. I'm sorry though, you know that I'll have to network and press the flesh, have to leave you by yourself most of the time. But you'll have fun watching all the beautiful women all dolled up, all that T&A."
"Oh joy, I don't know if you want to risk taking me along. I'm in a kind of dirty bastard mood, a play a prank or pick on someone mood. Maybe I'll get one of those beautiful shop girls and play a naughty prank on them."
"Don't do that Jake, this is for my work, and could mean a real nice contract. I could get a rather large bonus for that trip down into sunshine and sea water that you've been wanting. I don't want to leave you home alone though. You know how you'll get, drunk and depressed. Then you wouldn't be able to write for a couple of weeks, and then you'll get more depressed. Then I'll have to fuck your brains out for a week or more so you'll get over your funk."
"Well now that you mention it that might not be such a bad idea."
"Ha...how about this? Come to the party and be good, then I'll still fuck your brains out tonight?"
"Well, that sounds like a win/win. Plus maybe we can negotiate a few more days of that 'fucking my brains out'."
"Don't push your luck buster. You still have to be good to get the prize. Now go get dressed, it's a women's' fashion store so they like to dress up, but it's not formal tonight. Just cocktail dresses for the ladies and a nice suit for the gents, maybe that gray one I like."
"It shouldn't be too bad of a party tonight; it's a celebration for the great sales quarter they've had. So everyone should be happy and ready for some fun. So go get ready, I only have an hour and a half to put my face on and get dolled up. Plus get there, when you're ready, why don't you call a cab so neither of us will have to drive. That way if you get 'naughty' and cause a scene I'll just pretend that I don't even know you and you can get your own damn way home. So don't be a 'dirty bastard' tonight, remember it's for my work."
Well in my head I wasn't promising anything but got ready and we went to the party. Whoa, this was a much bigger thing than Mary ever let on that it would be. There must be enough cars around this big McMansion for 50 to 75 people. When I gave her the stink eye, she just put on her innocent face and smiled. If there's enough shop girls for this many cars there should be a lot of T&A, and people to watch. Oh well, put on a smile and drink. I probably won't know a single soul here.
Right inside the door Mary meets the lady she wanted to see. She asks for the directions to the bar and points me toward it, then floats off to meet and greet. Finger food and the bar are set up in what seems to be a formal dining room. A lot of really nice finger food too, they must have had it catered in, and it's a full bar with bartender included. Maybe this party won't be too bad after all.
Mary was right about the beautiful women and all the gowns. Most of the people are about our age, with some older, but also a lot of real young shop girls in really hot dresses. In the main great room where most of the people are, it's one of those cruise parties. The kind where everyone is milling around. They're floating in and out of small groups, just wandering around.
I just float around too, not talking to anyone. Just watching people and trying to not look like a wallflower parked somewhere. It's too easy to drink, open bar just off the great room. Not even twenty steps to a new G&T and a couple of snacks. The snacks are what's keeping me somewhat mobile and in a straight line. I was right though, I haven't seen a single soul that I know. It's getting dangerous, I'm getting drunk and bored.
It's getting toward the later part of the night. Getting drunk is my only excuse. I keep coming back to this one couple to watch them, and I don't know why. There's nothing special about them. She's pretty, maybe bordering on very pretty. Somewhat tall and slender, blond hair and it looks like blue eyes. Nice rack but nothing special, just proportional to her body. Her legs are nice, somewhat long for her frame, nicely shaped with four inch black heels on. Her ass is probably her best feature, well that and her tits.
Her gown is really nice too, one like you would see on actresses on those red carpet affairs. I don't know what they call it. It's got a corset top, no straps nor shoulders or sleeves, and a very tight midriff. That drops to a tight sheath dress with a slit for walking. The corset top is like a strapless bra that only covers the lower half of her breasts. Like a shelf that holds them up but lets them move freely in it. The center is loose fabric too, she better not bend over and touch her shoes, then they would fall out for sure.
Hubby is really low average, especially in this crowd here tonight. Not tall, not short, not really fit or with a good bod. He has mud brown hair, brown eyes with just a bland normal face. Like I said nothing special. But he's proud of her and I can understand that, he was batting above his pay grade when he caught her.
Then I spot it, why I've been coming back to watch this couple. They're playing peek-a-boo.
It's a very subtle game of flash and watch, probably for hubby. A guy just went to walk by them; she bent down to scratch an itch on the inside of her right knee with her left hand. That opened the neck line of that dress and displayed those breasts on that shelf. The guy almost stumbled bad enough to fall. Hubby got a grin that like to split his face. Her smile back to him was a Mona Lisa smile. It looked like she was reluctant but was doing it for him.
Except in watching them a little more, she'd flash even when he was turned away talking to someone else. She stopped a guy walking passed, leaned in to whisper something to him, right into his ear. That put those beautiful tits about half a foot from his nose. His face turned three shades of red. She leaned back and looked at him, then went back to whisper in his ear again. All while hubby's back was turned, she was into it too.
That got my dirty bastard mind remembering a small scene I wrote to possibly put in one of my Amazon stories. It might work here, at least as far as she'd go, or as far as he'd let her. He was talking to a short older lady as I edged closer to him. I was amazed to hear what they were talking about; she'd spotted their little game too. So I broke into their conversation...
"Yeah, I spotted it too, and it's really hot. She's beautiful too, you must be really proud of her. All the guys desiring her, but she goes home with you. Wife and I've played this game too.
"Years ago my husband and I did too, when this old body was still pretty. It really turned him on and I got the benefit from that when we got home later."
"What you're doing is kind of hot. What would you say to quit playing for nickels and dimes, and start playing for tens and twenty's, maybe even hundreds? Just to see how far she'll go?"
"What do you mean? I don't want her hurt or anything."
"No, I won't do anything that she doesn't want to do, and you can say stop whenever you want to."
"Can I borrow this madam?"
As I pulled a black silk scarf from around the older ladies neck. I used to pull a lot of pranks when I was a kid; I still pull a few, only now they're naughty ones. I did magic ones as a kid, also a ventriloquist's gags. I could even throw my voice a bit, and wasn't a bad mimic either.
I walked up behind her and did the hands over the eyes trick, just not with the 'guess who' question. I said in hubby's voice.
"Close your eyes and no peeking, we're going to play a different party game. No peeking now."
I folded the scarf several times into a blindfold and covered her eyes with it. She jerked a little bit when it touched her face. Still as hubby's voice...
"Relax it'll be a fun game, and you can call stop at anytime."
I threw my voice in front of her as hubby, 'it'll be fun', off to the right, 'a lot of fun'. Behind her in my voice, 'more fun than playing peek-a-boo with hubby'. In front of her as hubby, 'but I'll be watching you'.
Leaning up to her ear I whispered, "You like teasing all the men don't you? Like getting them all hot and bothered, giving them stiffies in their pants. Think it's hot having hubby watch you tease them. You like that, don't you, turns you on."
I put my hands on her shoulders and slid them gently, slowly down her arms. Moved her blond hair and pulled a finger down her neck and spine to the top of her dress. Then I started walking around her, touching her in various places. Not anything naughty, just on skin. Her cheek, arm, hand, knee and places like that.
"Keep your hands by your sides, and look straight ahead. But no peeking, it's not part of the game. Everyone is going to be watching you. Do you like that, being the center of attention, everyone just watching you? It'll be intense; it'll put that tickle in your belly a lot more than playing peek-a-boo with hubby." All the time I'm moving around and touching her. "I bet it'll even make your pussy wet, hubby over there is already starting to get a tent in his pants. You like that, giving hubby a big hard-on. We'll give him a good show and I'll bet when he gets you home he'll fuck your brains out."
When I said 'get her pussy wet' I touched her lower belly on her dress. 'Fuck her brains out' drug my hand across her ass. Her body twitches or jerks every time I touch her, but she doesn't move away or raise her hands to cover anything. I don't pull it, but I drag my finger nail down the zipper of her dress. That makes a shiver down her back.
"Lots of people are coming to watch our little game. Should we give them a good show? Nod your head if you like them watching you, if you want to give them a show. Want to give hubby a big hard-on." Her head makes a slow nod. "Oh Yeah, I'd like to too. There's another guy in the front making a tent in his slacks. Shall we make it bigger?" Again a small nod.
I drag a finger across the top of her breasts about three inches above her dress. She starts to jerk her hands up, but drops them.
"Ah...good girl, remember the rules of the game. Hands down and no peeking. Starting to get that tingle in your belly, pussy getting wet? Maybe we should do more, give them a better show."
I slide my hand over her hip and navel area. Squeeze a hand full of butt cheek as I go by. Put a hand on her shoulder and slide it across her collar bones and neck to the other shoulder. Move her hair and pull finger nails down her clavicles that drew a shiver. A finger pulled across her lips and pushed into her mouth. I stop behind her with both hands on her hips.
"I think your making my cock hard too. Want to feel how hard it is, feel it rub on your ass?" I grind against her for a few seconds. "See your getting me hard too. Let's turn the heat up a little bit more."
As I pass in front of her my finger rides the top of her dress across her breasts. That draws a jerk, but her hands stay down. I draw my finger nail all the way down the zipper of her dress but don't move it. Her head starts to turn back toward me.
"No, no, no...remember the rules look straight ahead and no peeking."
In front of her I squat down and run both hands slowly up from her knees to her thighs, to where I start lifting the hem of the dress, and higher, almost to her panties that I know she's not wearing. Standing I put my hand on her neck and slide it around her body to the back of her dress as I move around her. There I play with the tab on her zipper. Pull it down only a couple of inches.
Finger nails across her clavicle, around her shoulder, across the top of her breasts. I put the finger of my other hand on her forehead, down the center between her eyes. Down her nose to her mouth, push between her lips, into her mouth and stroke in and out, in and out several times. Pull it out and put it into my mouth, pop it out with a smack of my lips.
"Yum tastes good, but I bet pussy tastes better. How's the tingle in the tummy doing? Is your pussy getting wetter, getting hotter? I know that you don't have a bra on. But I bet you don't have panties on either. Does that make you feel naughty, thinking of all those guys that don't know that there's only that dress between them and your naughty bits?"
"Bet it cranks hubby up too, his hard-on's getting a lot bigger. You like that don't you, giving guys hard-ons. I bet you'd like to see a bunch of guys jerk off for you. That one of your fantasies, watching guys jerk off?" I'm surprised when her head quickly nods. "Oh yeah...I thought you'd like that. Bet it would really get you off to have a circle of guys jerk off and cover you with spunk."
I'm even more surprised when her knees wobble and get weak. I quickly slide an arm around her waist, but she catches herself and stiffens up. In that I realize that I'm in the mind of this woman. Now I really have to decide just how far I want to take this little game. I think that she'd go just as far as I want her to, and from the shine in hubby's eyes I don't know when he'd call it quits either. But if I stop now everyone else will be pissed.
I take and unhook the little hook at the top of her zipper. Then slowly pull the zipper almost all the way down. The dress starts to fall and I quickly zip it back up some. The dress has only dropped about three inches, but that puts her nipples in full view. Her hands fly up to cover herself. But I catch them as they do.
"No, no, no...remember the rules."
I pull my hands down and let her cover her nipples up. Just a couple of seconds go by and she drops them down to her sides.
"OH...good girl, I don't think that there's a man in here that isn't hard. Feel mine on your ass, it's rock hard. Every man in this room is rock hard for you. Your hubby is a lucky man, those are some beautiful nipples. Perfect color and hard, I bet they're so tight they hurt." Standing behind her, I'm sliding my hands up her rib cage. "You want me to pinch them, make them feel better for you baby. Hubby is licking his lips over there; I bet you love him to suck on them nips don't you?"
I don't touch her breasts; I slide over top of them. Touch on her collar bones and slowly, very slowly draw one finger down each breast and stop just above her nipples.
"Oh, but maybe I shouldn't touch them, these are hubby's nipples. Can I touch hubby's nipples baby, you want me to play with hubby's nipples?"
A small nod lets me know all I need to know, green light for contact. Sliding my thumbs down over her nips pulls her head back and a soft moan from her lips, a shiver on her skin. Back up I pinch them between thumb and fingers. Hubby's eyes are fastened on the sight of my fingers on her nipples so hard, that I think he might pop his cork right now.
I pull both hands back up over her shoulders, down to her zipper and pull it down. That lets the dress drop to around her hips then zip it back up. Now she's nude to her waist...
"GOD DAMN...those are some beautiful breasts. Oh baby, you are really blessed. Perfect size, perfect shape, topped with those beautiful rosy pink nipples. I bet they looked just like this when you were eighteen, just perfect."
I was sliding my hands up her ribs until I could cup and lift her tits. Further up to where my palms were over the nipples, then I rubbed circles pressing against her body. Spread fingers and pinched them. Pulled on them hard...hard enough to stretch them away from her body. That drew a heavy groan and bowed her back. So I did that several times, rub them with my palms then pull them hard, rinse and repeat.
She was wound up tight; I brought my hands to her shoulders then down her arms to her hands. Entwined our fingers together and pulled them to her breasts. Released our fingers and left her hands on her own breasts. She was wound up enough to pinch and pull on them herself.
My hands went back to her zipper and pulled it all the way down and let go. The dress dropped to pool around her ankles, which left her in just black lace thigh highs and heels. No panties, no thong, and her pussy was as smooth and bare as it could get. She had to have been waxed or laser treated, it was that smooth. She was so wound up she didn't even twitch, or let go of her tits when her dress dropped.
I held her hips and let everyone look at her naked body. At the first part of the evening I thought that she was very pretty, but nothing special. Nude was something different, she was one of those rare women who look a lot better naked then they do dressed.
It wasn't just the setting either, she looked that good. Tight, taut and fit, what they used to call a real hard body. No visible fat on her anywhere, some light muscle definition in places. Her ass that I was pressed against was almost rock hard.
Breasts were perfect sized for her body; ass was neither too big nor too small. Legs were long and strong, there's where some of her muscle definition showed. Stomach was flat and showed a light four pack. Her lower belly showed that vee that flowed down into her mound and further to her lips.
"Oh baby, your body is damn near perfect. Every guy in here is creaming his pants looking at this beautiful naked body. Every man in here would pay big bucks to come and spray his spunk on this gorgeous body...
"Oh god...please." Was the whisper that floated from her lips.
WTF...I'm pushing the envelope by a factor of ten already. She wants a spunk bang, the instant that some guy pulled his cock out and started jacking. Someone would be on the phone to the cops, this group of people would never put up with that, I don't think that I could either.
"But baby, we're not through giving these people the full show yet. You'll love this next part."
I have a little thing that I always do when I first get a woman naked. I reach down and almost touch her pussy, but drag a finger nail lightly up the crease between thigh and body. She gives the big shiver and moan that almost all women do. Then I start playing with her body; her thighs, ass, stomach and navel. Everything but what she wants me too. I quit walking around her too, just stand behind her and grind my cock onto her ass.
"Oh please...make me cum!"
"You want me to play with hubby's pussy; you think he wants me to make you cum?"
"Yes...yes please make me cum."
"You want everyone here to see you cum? Some of the men here might cum in their pants, would you want them to do that?"
"Yes, oh god yes!"
I push her feet a little wider with one of mine. Then I slid a hand down, down to cup her sex. That drew a quick gasp from her. I lightly went back and forth several times cupping her, but not splitting her lips or touching her clit.
"Please touch me...please!"
So I did, reached back until I could touch her little pucker, slid up over the taint, over wetness, over clit and out the top.
"God...YES!"
So I did it again, if the lady loves it. A gentleman should always do it again, several times. Then I let one finger slide deep into wet silk and thumb onto little button, and started playing with both. She was pulling and twisting on her nipples so hard I thought she might pull one of them off. I reached under her ass and put a finger from my other hand in her pussy too. Started going one in and one out, back and forth, thumb always stroking her clit.
She wound up pretty fast and tight. Started a chant going...yes...yes...yes. When the chant got faster and her muscles started to quiver, her knees start to shake. I pulled the finger out that was reaching under her ass from her pussy and stuck it full length into her little pucker. It clamped hard on that finger, her pussy twitched then clamped too. The scream of...'FUCK!' roared out over the crowd.
I pulled the finger in her ass out and wrapped my arm around her waist when she started to collapse, but kept the one finger in her and on her clit still going. Her pussy let go of my finger and twitched several times. But I didn't stop my fingers and soon it clamped again. That pulled a deep groan and an 'Oh God' from her. Her legs went all weak and wobbly. So I pulled all my fingers out of her. All her weight was being held up by my one arm.
I brought my finger up to my mouth and sucked it clean of pussy juice.
"I knew that you'd taste good."
"I can't believe that you just did that."
"Come on baby let's get you put back together."
When she could stand I bent and pulled her dress up, slid the zipper all the way up. Then I walked her two steps forward into her hubby's arms. Somewhere, somebody started a slow clap going that was picked up slowly by others, until almost everyone was clapping. The look on hubby's face could only be described as proud. My feeling was one of amazement; I only started out as a little tease. Even I couldn't believe how far things went. But I had to warn hubby...I whispered in his ear.
"Give me a couple of minutes to get out of the house, then lock it down and get every cell phone and wipe the video off of each one. If even one gets by it'll be on the Internet tonight. I don't think that either of us wants that. She's really beautiful and you're a very lucky man, be sure and take care of her. Jack-off for her, it really turns her on. Better yet, get some guys together and have a bukkake party, then she'll love you forever."
Then I disappeared into the crowd, made my way to the kitchen and out the back door. Through the side gate and out to the driveway. There I called a cab for a ride home. Hoping my wife wasn't too pissed off at me. Also I was hoping that I hadn't messed up her chance of a sale to this company. But also realizing that maybe now she'll learn not to push. Not to take me to a party when I say that I'm in a dirty bastard mood.
It was two hours later before she got home.
"God damn it Jake, when you do it up you go for it big. Did you know that she was one of the store owners?"
"Shit no, I don't even know their names, not even their first names. Hope I didn't screw things up for you. There's only the one lady that seen us come in together."
"Yeah, I talked to her. She was giggling the whole time, but she swore to never tell anyone we were together. Plus between several of us, we think that we got all the videos off all of the cell phones. Except one, the husband picked what he thought was a good one and e-mailed it to his home computer. He had to have one, strange couple. Boy, she sure turned out to be a looker didn't she?"
"Yeah, but I guess I really screwed it up. You're not going to fuck my brains out tonight are you?"
"God Jake, I got so fucking horny watching you do that, if you don't take me upstairs and fuck me. You'll get raped right here on the couch!"
SWEET.