I didn't really like him. I was familiar with him, sure, but I wouldn't say I liked him. He came off a bit too cocky for my taste, as if he had a need to make an impression or to establish himself among the other guys. Ken joined the company in late April, and I worked on a couple small projects with him as my trainee. Once his training series finished, it didn't take long for me to realize Ken started seeking out opportunities to work with me. At first it bothered me, but as I became more familiar with his intelligent quirkiness, I found we got along just fine. I did note, however that he would drop the cocky act when the other guys weren't around.
Before long he opened up about his personal life. He and his wife, Tina moved from California to make a change after he'd been laid off from a tech company that downsized. I thought it was a bit odd that he made a point to tell me that his wife had a fantastic ass and a wild side that kept their bedroom adventurous. According to Ken, all he had to do was hold on for the ride, which made me wonder if that was why he portrayed a cocky attitude around the other guys. I suppose he gave up control in the bedroom and needed to gain it elsewhere.
A couple weeks ago Tina dropped by our project to hand deliver Ken his lunch. Ken introduced me and I politely shook her hand. Her long, thin hand was exceptionally soft to the touch. She wore tight jeans that formed nicely to the ass Ken correctly described as fantastic. Her short boots lifted her slightly, and her tight black blouse hugged her well-shaped breasts tight enough to display an ample portion of her cleavage. Her dark hair was clipped behind her head, creating a faint illusion of an Egyptian Queen with her dark eyeliner drawn just beyond her eyelids. She was captivating, and by the way she looked at me, she knew it.
Ken stepped into the next room only for a moment to toss his lunch bag onto the table. Before he returned, Tina unabashedly traced her slow gaze down my form, stopping for a notable second on the front of my jeans. Lifting her eyes to mine, she said "I hope we can have you for dinner soon. Ken's told me a lot about you and I'd like to find out more for myself."
I was a bit stunned. Flattered. And yes, aroused by Tina's overt examination of my frame. "Yeah, I could do that. Just let me know when." I said.
Ken returned and told her he'd walk her back to her car. As she turned, knowing Ken couldn't see her face, she winked at me with a playful smile. I felt my face flush with warmth and my cock twitched behind my button fly 501's.
A few minutes later, Ken came back to eat. He told me she really liked me and hoped I'd come over for dinner on Friday. I accepted on the spot, of course.
Small talk returned as we ate lunch, and Ken said, out of the blue, that Tina told him she wouldn't kick me out of bed. He gave me a sideways glance that I honestly didn't know how to interpret, so I just smiled politely and changed the subject.
When Friday came, I grabbed a bottle of California Pinot Noir on my way to their house, which wasn't more than a couple miles from my place. Ken greeted me at the front door, and guided me toward the long table prepared with three place settings, tall white candles and spring flowers. Pink Floyd's The Wall played through some speakers hidden somewhere around the room. The smell of pasta fettuccini surrounded us as Tina emerged from the kitchen holding a skillet between two gloved hands. She wore an apron that wrapped tight around a mid-length summer dress, which reminded me of the 1950's stereotypical mom from television and advertisements of the day. When she tossed the apron to the side, I found that the yellow dress was covered by large, white flowers that were distorted by her breasts threatening to burst through the buttons. She looked very proper, even with her white heels on, as if she was playing a part for the evening.
The conversation was excellent, and dinner tasted amazing. The three of us shared two bottles of wine before the dinner finished, and I must say I felt pretty relaxed around them. Leaving the dishes on the table, we retired to the living room, and I found myself settled into a rather large leather chair. Only a minute into our new setting, Tina suddenly became seemingly impatient. A moment later Tina left the room and disappeared down a hallway. Ken looked at me with a smile and a shrug, which I translated into "I have no idea what she's up to".
Before long, Tina called out to us and asked if we could take a look at something for her. I followed Ken down the hall, and we entered their bedroom. Tina knelt down next to the short post of the heavy wooden footboard, her summer dress evenly laid around her as if posing for a photography session. The large king sized bed filled most of the small room, and I noticed several small candles burning on the corner night stands.
Ken moved around the bed, squeezing between the wall and the mattress, coming to rest near the end. He sat down on the bed and watched her with a strange intensity, not saying a word.
"Did you have something that needs looked at?" I asked. Suddenly realizing I was staring down at her full breasts pushing out of her dress. Two buttons had been released, giving me a full view of her warm skin barely held captive by a thin, sheer white bra.
"I absolutely do." She said without a smile. She held her hand up toward me, and I lightly grasped her thin fingers as she lifted herself to stand before me. Her closeness was intoxicating and startling at the same time. Her eyes pierced mine with an energy I could almost feel.
"Come this way," she said, leading me by the hand further into the room. Turning me to sit at the head of the bed, she pressed one hand against my chest and I allowed myself to sink back against the thick wooden headboard. Several large pillows held my back as she lifted my legs onto the mattress. She clearly had a commanding presence that I felt compelled to respond to.
"Ken told you I wouldn't kick you out of bed, right?" she asked as she sat down on the edge next to me. Her eyes continued to hold mine with an intensity I felt weak against.
I nodded. I could feel my blood suddenly warming and my arousal pressing against the jeans I wore.
"Good," she said. "Let's keep you here for a while." She traced two fingers down my chest, across my stomach and stopped on my swollen crotch. She looked at me with a sly smile. Her eyes playfully pouring their energy into my mind. Her hand pressing against my growing bulge made my heart race, and when I glanced over at Ken, he simply ignored me, taking in every visual detail of the situation.
I felt my jeans unbutton with practiced ease, and without hesitation Tina pulled my elastic waistband down with one hand, pulling my cock free with the other, leaving my testicles hidden beneath the waistband. I sat stunned at this sudden turn of events and I had no idea how to respond. Ken shifted his position to look around her, staring at my cock as it continued to grow in her warm hand.
What the hell is this?I thought. Ken's features displayed a torrent of colliding emotions dancing between excitement, curiosity and jealousy as he watched his wife's thin hand squeeze my thickening shaft. Her fingers circled my girth, leaving her fingertips unable to touch without squeezing rather hard, which of course she did several times. She smiled as my cock lengthened for her, and with her other hand, she grasped the remaining length, leaving just the tip of my swollen head looking up at her hopefully.
"Well, hello big boy," she said with unbridled excitement. Her eyes filled with mischievousness. Her mouth twisted into a smirk as if we shared a secret. "I think we both need to get comfortable."
Tina squeezed with both hands for a moment before releasing me. We worked together to pull my jeans off, followed by my shirt. I momentarily thought about resisting except that the path this was taking was becoming clearer with every passing moment. In less than a minute, I reposed on Ken and Tina's bed, completely naked as the two looked at my body, and particularly my erection. Ken didn't move or say a word. He just assumed a voyeuristic roll and kept his distance.
Tina dropped her summer dress to the floor, leaving her heels on. Her sheer white bra showed her pink nipples through the fabric, and her matching panties displayed a thin crevice completely free of hair. Her legs were beautifully shaped, and seeing that I unquestioningly admired her, she turned in a slow circle as if on display.
"I'm glad you like," she said, nodding down to my cock that started a slow throbbing rhythm as if wanting to reach out to her.
"Definitely," I said.
Turning her back to me, she slowly pulled her thin panties to her ankles, bending straight legged to show me her well-formed ass, and the pink lips between her legs.
Smiling with satisfaction, Tina turned around and crawled onto the bed, straddling my thighs with hers. Resting her weight onto my knees, she quickly released the bra clasps, tossing the thin fabric to the floor. She cupped her small breasts in each hand, lifting her nipples toward me while massaging the tips with her fingers until erect.
Seeing my mounting excitement, she leaned forward close to my cock, which continued to pulse and twitch in expectation. She began slow, sensual caresses down my length using her hands in a cascade of sensual friction, one hand following the other. Her eyes watched the pleasure wash across my features as she delighted in sending sensations flooding into my body.
"It doesn't look like you want to leave," she said, more to my cock than to me. I could feel her warm breath washing across my hard flesh and I yearned to have her mouth take me.
Leaning even closer to my cock, she kissed the tip gently. She rolled her eyes upward to look at me, as if there was a question I still needed to answer; a barrier that I needed to cross. She waited patiently, kissing the tip in softly waiting for me to respond.
I thought about saying something, but I resisted. Instead, I slid my left hand into her hair and pulled her mouth onto my head. The warmth of her mouth surrounded me while her tongue danced across the tip. I released a small groan, which gave her more permission to begin rolling her tongue around the entirety of my purple head, clearly enjoying the display she created for me as her subject, and Ken as her voyeur.
Ken's eyes were locked on Tina as she skillfully played with my penis. She licked and sucked every part of me, not making eye contact with Ken even for an instant. Soon, she began sliding both hands along the length as she continued working my cock with growing passion. I could feel my body begin to stir toward an orgasm and I imagined my load erupting across her soft features while Ken looked on. As soon as the image came into my mind, I knew how I wanted this to end.
Tina slowly came to a stop, apparently sensing my tension. Squeezing my shaft from the bottom, she pulled her tightened grip up to the tip, sending a long stream of clear pre-cum pouring onto her fingers. With her free hand, she rubbed the slick, clear glaze around the helmet until it glistened in the candlelight. The sensation drove deep inside of me and I felt my body shudder without warning.
"You're delicious," she smiled at me, pausing to slowly draw her tongue along her index finger for her men to watch. "I'm delicious, too." She reached between her thighs with one hand, and after releasing a soft moan, withdrawing a single, wet finger to place against my lips. The smell of her sweetness caught me immediately, and I sucked her finger eagerly into my mouth.
I gave a resounding sound of approval, which made her smile even bigger. With a playful roll, she tossed herself backward onto the bed. Her head rested next to Ken, who continued to watch us with eager blend of delight and jealousy. Tina spread her legs wide for me, lifting her white high heels far apart. Her clean shaven vagina was clearly wet and swollen with excitement. She pulled her wet lips apart with one hand, leaving the other to roll her juices onto her hardened clit. She raised her eyebrows as if presenting a question or an invitation.
As I rolled forward from my reclined position, Ken shifted again, this time to watch as I lowered my mouth to her clit. I pressed my hands against her firm thighs, pushing them further apart and causing her hips to roll forward toward me. I reached out with my tongue, giving her a long, slow draw starting from her parted lips and ending with several circles around her small clit. Tina moaned and arched her back in response, which compelled me to slowly repeat the motion several more times before sliding my middle finger inside of her. She gasped, rolling her knees into the air, inviting me to dive deeper. I began to lick and finger her at the same time, curling and rolling my finger to explore her folds as her excitement grew. Then, without warning, I added a second finger into her, opening her to the width my fingers demanded. She gasped again, curling her head to look at me as I began plunging my fingers into her.
Suddenly, and quite unexpectant, she was thrown into an explosion of orgasmic tension that caused her body to convulse and writhe uncontrollably as I fingered her in powerful thrusts accompanied by my dashing tongue against her clit. Her intense groans turned quickly into passionate, incoherent cries as her orgasms came in torrential, uncontrollable waves. Sensing she had reached her limits, I backed away from her. My fingers drenched in her excitement.
"Oh my God!" she called out gasping for breath, stomach muscles still contorting. "That was fucking amazing!"
Sitting back against the headboard once again, I figured I'd wait for her to get herself together as I watched in great satisfaction as this woman I had just conquered in front of her husband attempted to regain her composure. Glancing at Ken, he wore an expression of one who'd forgotten to breathe for a bit too long. His reddened face twisted in a struggle I could only guess at.
Gathering her focus once again, Tina crawled forward and sucked the pre-cum off my cock, which was no small quantity. She moved up my legs, pulling her chest against my stomach and chest. She lifted herself into position just above my cock, resting the swollen head between her legs. She placed one hand on the headboard, and one on my shoulder. Her eyes met mine, but the powerful energy she'd wielded before had left her.
I felt Ken shift on the mattress, but I couldn't see him. I assumed he'd positioned himself to watch his wife slide onto my cock. Placing my hands on her hips, I pressed down to encourage her to take me.
Slowly, she sank down onto my cock. Her tightness resisted the first attempt, and she began rising and falling in a slow rhythm that sent me deeper each time. She squeezed my shoulder as a she sank further onto my length, her face filled with tension as she sank even deeper. Her moans filled the room as each push brought new sensations flooding through her. Finally, she rested her entire weight on top of me, my cock buried so deep I could feel her limits.
Leaning against me, her forehead pressed hard against mine, she held her breath as if treasuring the experience.
"You're..." she began just louder than a whisper. "So"... "Fucking deep." With that final word, her body began to shudder against mine. I could feel her insides contort, gripping my cock tighter and tighter with each orgasm. She fought back her cries of passion, and instead released sharp gasps into my left ear. As her tremors began to subside, I began rolling my hips, causing my length to pulse deep inside of her. Her body tensed once again, but this time she matched my rhythm as she began to eagerly ride my cock. I watched her eyes lose focus, her body churning against mine as she lost herself to the pleasure.
After an extended period of time, I knew my time to cum was getting near, so without warning I pressed her backward, allowing her to roll onto the mattress. My cock slipped out of her, which she sighed with dissatisfaction at the loss. Ken hovered to the side of the bed to give her room. I watched as her eyes dreamily tried to focus on my face, but instead of waiting any longer, I rolled her to her stomach and pulled her hips up level with mine. Her knees supported her, and she braced herself on her elbows, turning to look back at me. I didn't hesitate to slide into her, enjoying the way she gasped as I once again filled her entirely. Her frame tensed momentarily, dropping her forehead to the mattress as she adjusted to the new position.
A moment later, she turned to look at me once again as I wrapped my hands around her waist and began thrusting against her. She cried out as I quickened my pace, driving her harder with each thrust until the clapping sound of our bodies against each other filled the room. She curled her fingers into the bedspread to brace herself as I fucked her hard and without mercy. I would conquer her again and again. Tina was mine to do with what I pleased, and Ken would watch me dominate her. His reward willingly restrained to whatever pleasure he got from witnessing the exhibition.
Before long, her body began to pull away from me and I realized she had reached her limits once again. Knowing I was close to my own finale, I withdrew from her, rolling Tina onto her back. I towered above her with my knees against her side. Her eyes once again could not focus, although she watched in a haze as I began stroking my cock above her. Within seconds, I felt the quick emergence of an intense orgasm building. As I began to release deep, heavy moans, she regained herself, lifting her breasts together as if presenting them as an offering for my load.
I felt the heat surge within me as the first wave of hot cum broke free, streaming across her smooth chest. A second and third wave erupted from my cock, this time finding her chin and wet lips. Without hesitation, she began spreading the glaze across her chest, rubbing the stickiness into her hard nipples, knowing once again she was on display. I felt my body tremble as I squeezed the final drops onto her chest with a heavy groan.
Tina smiled at me as I crawled shakily off of the bed. Ken watched as Tina continued to massage my load into her skin, somehow loving every bit of his wife's erotic exhibition.
"I should probably get going," I mumbled, unsure of what to do next.
"Yeah, and I've got some cleaning up to do," Tina said looking up at me. "Can we invite you over again sometime soon?"
"Uh, yeah. I'm sure we could think of something to do for fun," I said. I nodded to Ken as I grabbed my clothes and walked to the front room to get dressed. Ken nodded, but didn't follow. I left their house in a strange daze. I had no idea how to wrap my brain around what just happened or how my life was going to change because of this surprise introduction to Ken and Tina.