I was nervous as I made my way up Topanga Canyon Blvd. that Saturday night. I think it's natural to be a bit apprehensive when "Meeting the Folks? but these people were nudists! Of course Justin was raised this way and he was all "No Big Deal." Well, maybe for him.
I passed the little "Top O' Topanga" hamburger stand and took the next left. I was halfway expecting the Brockmans to be living in one of those funky old hippie shacks up on Fernwood or something but no! They had a real nice modern home with a spectacular view of the entire San Fernando Valley! A beautifully landscaped yard and a large swimming pool.
Justin introduced me as "My girlfriend Carol" and told me "This is my Mom and Dad." So I really didn't know what to call them. I mean...they weren't my Mom and Dad.
Justin's Dad took to me right away. "Well, Hi there Carol! Justin can sure pick 'em can't he?" He eyed me up and down. I was wearing pale green terry cloth shorts and a little undershirt top. I had no bra on because my breasts are so small there really isn't one that fits me without looking stupid. I have large pink nipples that stick out prominently when I'm dressed as I was that night. I'm used to it and the stares it sometimes provokes.
Mr. Brockman looked like an older, more mature version of his son. Graying at the temples, he still had a full head of hair. He was solidly built and dressed casually in Hawaiian shirt, shorts and slaps.
Mrs. Brockman, she told me to call her Nancy, was wearing a black bikini and apparently had just been swimming. For a woman who had to be almost 40 she had a terrific body. She told me she taught junior high and I had to suppress a smile thinking of all those horny teenagers ogling their teacher's considerable physical attributes. What would they think if they knew she went around nude on weekends!
The four of us got on well that night and the ribs Mr. Brockman cooked up were absolutely delicious. They were kind of trying to get me into the pool but, of course, I hadn't brought a bathing suit. As you might imagine, they insisted it would be no problem for me to jump in nude. The yard was completely private. I was, however, a long way from skinny dipping that night.
When I was leaving, Mr. Brockman gave me a nice hug and told me he was looking forward to seeing a lot more of me in the future. Hmmm.
Well Justin and I continued our hot and heavy romance as the summer progressed. I visited the Brockman's home from time to time and was cordially greeted as "Family" each time I was there.
Eventually the subject of their family visits to a local nudist camp began to come up. Justin told me it was great fun and he was eager to introduce me to his many nudist friends. I tried to explain that it was "Different" for a girl to walk around completely nude in front of a bunch of men but Justin pointed out that his mother and older sister had done so many many times.
Justin's sister Louise, now away at college, had apparently been the first to discover nudism and she'd introduced the idea to the rest of the family over time. I came to understand that there was no way I could truly have Justin without at least giving this a try. But the thought of stripping and allowing total strangers to view my tiny little tits and almost completely hairless pussy was terrifying to me!
Justin continued to point out "That's what's so cool about it! Nobody cares! We all have hang ups about our bodies and going naked has the effect of liberating us from these silly fears."
And so, with great reluctance, I agreed to visit a nudist colony with the Brockmans over the Forth of July weekend. I can't remember the name of the place now but it was way down in the canyon, almost to the little village. Mr. Brockman assured me that "First Timers" were allowed to be as dressed or undressed as they were comfortable with. Meaning I didn't have to strip if I didn't want to.
In some ways that just added to the pressure. The Brockmans were greeted like royalty at the nudist camp when we arrived and they introduced me to dozens of people none of whose names I could remember. I kept trying to look them in the eye! Of course Mr. and Mrs Brockman quickly got out of their clothes and Wow! Nancy Brockman was a knockout! Her large breasts seemed impervious to the ravages of time. They were firm and ripe, like large oranges with little brown berry like nipples. Her tummy was flat and her pussy was covered with shiny dark brown hair. Her rear cheeks were plump and tanned and her long legs were a delight to behold!
Mr. Brockman, Ray to everyone but me, showed off his manly physique as well. Sporting an even larger penis than his son, he was a remarkable physical specimen for a man in his early forties. I found myself watching Justin and his Dad together and realized this was a sight very few people ever got to see: Two generations together in the altogether!
I knew after only an hour or so I couldn't just walk around fully clothed when everyone else was nude. I began to feel like the person at the beach, standing in the surf up to their knees, but afraid to plunge into the cold water.
I saw lots of bodies in much worse shape than mine, that's for sure! Finally, in the spirit of "Let's Get it Over With and Dive In," I moved over by a large oak tree and prepared to undress. I pulled off my tee shirt and dropped my shorts. When I went to remove my panties, I got them about halfway down my thighs and panicked! I just couldn't do it! I fretted for a few minutes in the shade of that tree and then heard Justin calling me over for a volleyball game. I decided to just go as I was and joined the others dressed now in only my white panties.
Of course nobody paid me much mind. Well, except for Mr. Brockman who seemed tickled at the prospect of seeing me topless. It turns out that Ray Brockman, a freelance photographer, was also the unofficial "Historian" for the nudist camp. He shot several photos of us all playing volleyball and I assumed some of them included me. I was uncomfortable being photographed topless but what could I do?
I made it through the day and, yes, it got easier as I went along. People began to look familiar by the end of the day and I really couldn't say I hadn't enjoyed it. Eventually, I was a bit embarrassed to be wearing my little white panties when everyone else was nude but, I don't know, eighteen years of Catholic upbringing is difficult to just push aside.
"You did great Carol!" Mr. Brockman told me as we drove back to their home afterwards. The Brockmans cooked up some chicken for dinner and, of course, remained nude for the rest of the evening. I was used to the idea now that they just didn't wear clothes around the house. Still, I had to admit, I found myself wondering what Mr. Brockman's cock would look like if it was hard? And why didn't any of the men get erections? All those naked women right in front of them but nobody got hard? Silly me. I guess it was all due to Justin's earlier comment. "If everyone does it, it's no big deal." Maybe I was the one who had to adjust her attitude.
We visited the camp a few more times during the month of July and each time I became more comfortable with the situation. Still, I chose to wear panties instead of getting completely naked. I began to make some friends there and, Of course, the Brockmans were always great to hang out with. I took to wearing my panties at their house afterwards too while they were comfortably nude.
One Friday night, Justin's club baseball team was playing a tournament up in Santa Barbara and he invited me up to watch the games. I had to work but agreed to meet him at his house afterwards for a family barbecue. "We should be back about seven." He told me. "I'll tell mom and Dad to expect you."
I made my way up the winding canyon road and was greeted by Nancy wearing a wraparound beach gown. "Ray's out by the pool Carol." She told me. "I'm getting some Lasagna together and I'll join you in a while."
Mr. Brockman was swimming in the pool when I got out back and, like always, he wanted me to join him for a swim. I pulled off my shorts and top and jumped in with just my panties on. We knew each other pretty well by then and we had fun swimming and goofing together. I eventually got out and dried off. My white panties had become partially transparent in the water and now some of my sparse pubic hair was visible beneath my panties.
Mr. Brockman got out as well and put on his Panama hat and lit up a cigar. Most women don't like cigars but my Dad was a cigar smoker so I didn't mind the aroma.
"At some point you need to work on your 'All Over' tan Carol." He chided me. I replied that, with my pale skin and freckles, too much sun can be disastrous. Just then, Nancy came out and announced that Justin's team was in the championship game! He wouldn't be back for a while but, hopefully when he did get home, he'd be bringing a trophy!
That gave me and Mr. Brockman a chance to talk. More than usual, you know? I asked him about his photography business and it was really interesting listening to him explain how he made his living.
"Anyone can shoot a picture," He began, "But to shoot great photos that people are willing to pay for, well, that's a bit harder." I couldn't help but ask how he ever managed to develop all the naked pictures he took at the nudist camp and was surprised to hear he had his own darkroom.
"You really have to have the whole setup to make money at this." He told me. "I shoot a lot of weddings and you might take several hundred pictures at each one. I couldn't very well pay Thrifty Drugs to develop them. C'mon, let me show you my studio." He got up and waved for me to follow him.
Adjacent to the pool area was what looked like a converted garage. We walked across the yard in the dim twilight and entered the studio. As soon as we got inside I became aware of my skimpy attire. Here I was, dressed only in panties and Mr. Brockman was naked. My little tits were each pointing in a slightly different direction and my nipples were still hard from the dip in the pool. It felt...different.
The walls of the studio were covered with Mr. Brockman's artsy photos. He had a great one of the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge rising majestically above a blanket of fog. I remembered one time crossing the bridge and seeing it in a similar state. He had shots of Lake Tahoe as well, a perfectly wonderful place for scenery. "No wonder he has this nice house and everything" I found myself thinking.
"Now Carol, here's some photos I usually don't show visitors." He said quietly. Opening a drawer in his big mahogany desk, he pulled out a folder with quite a few 8 by 10 glossy photos in it. They were mostly shots from the nudist colony. There were shots of what appeared to be a beauty contest with several women wearing banners declaring them to be "Miss Topanga 1965." He had several shots of Nancy and her stunning body. Some of them appeared to have been taken several years earlier and in one, she had her arm around a very youthful looking Justin! Oh look at him! He was about 18 or so and had an "Aw shucks" smile on his funny face. His body was a bit leaner but good and tanned and muscular. You could see the promise of his rapidly developing manhood in that photo.
I was beginning to understand what Mr. Brockman was talking about when he described the difficulty of capturing more than just an image in a picture. Giving the viewer something to think about in addition to the physical things in the photo.
Then Mr. Brockman showed me a photo of himself with his daughter Louise. She appeared to be about 19 and was standing between her proud Papa and Mama. What must that be like? I wondered. To see you father and mother naked like that? But Louise had apparently done it plenty of times and was none the worse for it. I was coming to understand the attraction of nudism.
"Mr. Brockman, can I ask you a personal question?" I said hesitantly. I really wanted to know about this and there would never be a better opportunity to find out.
He didn't speak but just nodded his head and looked into my eyes.
"Well"...I began, "Why don't any of the men, uh, react to the sight of, you know, all those naked women?"
It wasn't spoken as well as I'd hoped but I'd said it.
Mr. Brockman just smiled. "Carol, when you see so many naked bodies it just doesn't have the same affect. It isn't just nudity that arouses men, it's a woman seen in a distinctly sexual way. For example..." Mr Brockman shuffled through the photos he still held in his hand and showed me a shot of Nancy. This was unlike the others he'd displayed earlier! She was posed on their bed, wearing skimpy, see through panties with nothing on top. She smiled seductively at the camera and was pulling the legband of her panties over to show off her pussy lips!
I was still trying to digest the lurid image when Mr. Brockman addressed me in a quiet tone.
"Carol, I've been meaning to speak to you about something, honey, and I hope you'll understand what I'm going to say." I looked up from the photo to meet his eyes.
"You've been to the camp a few times now and you've had fun and made some friends, correct?" I nodded yes.
"Well maybe this isn't obvious to you but, well, when folks are all undressed and are accepting of that fact, if someone doesn't undress, well, it can be seen as kind of..."
"Kind of rude. Is that what you mean Mr. Brockman?" I finished his sentence for him.
"Yes Carol. Now, no one is mad at you or anything and no one has spoken to me about it but, well I assume they are wondering if you think they are all some kind of weirdos or something."
"I'm sorry Mr. Brockman," I replied, almost fighting back tears now. "I know it's way past time for me but, I just really have a hard time with it. I know they all expect me to...to..."
"You know Carol, they say there's no time like the present." He said looking directly at me then. And, with no further explanation, Mr. Brockman reached for the waistband of my panties and began to slowly pull them down. I guess I should have complained but instead, I placed my hand on his shoulder to steady myself as he pulled my panties to the carpet. I lifted one foot and then the other, allowing Mr. brockman to take my panties all the way off. I now stood before him completely nude!
"Now, that wasn't so hard was it?" He smiled. He stepped back to take in the sight before him now: Little curly haired Carol Hanson, his son's girlfriend, finally nude, her panties lying on the floor in front of her. "Very nice Carol!" He complimented me. I can see why Justin is so infatuated with you! Tell you what..."
He never really finished the sentence but instead reached over to his desk where he kept an expensive looking 35 millimeter camera. I was unsure what to say when suddenly it became obvious what was about to happen. He was going to photograph me completely nude!
"Oh Mr. Brockman, I don't think I should be posing nude for you!" I numbly complained.
"Oh, I don't think my son would mind me taking a few photos, just for posterity honey," He replied. It was too late to do anything. He quickly had the camera ready and began to shoot photos of me standing there naked! I was embarrassed to the core but unable to stop him.
"Here Carol..." He ushered me over to an overstuffed armchair behind his desk. "Here, sit down and get comfortable...that's it, now try to give me a little smile...that's good honey." Click, Click, he shot several photos of me in the chair.
"Okay now, here, let's shoot a few like this." He then took my legs and placed them over the arms of the chair. This had the effect of opening my vagina and showing all of my pink pussy lips! More pictures were taken and I began to worry that Justin would arrive and walk in on us. I knew he was due to be home soon.
"Could you hold yourself open a bit honey?" He asked. I didn't know how to respond so I just did it. I reached down and spread open my delicate young pussy and allowed my boyfriend's Dad to photograph me like that.
Mr. Brockman then helped me to my feet and, without giving me a chance to resist, placed me on my knees on the seat of the chair! He moved my legs apart and then stepped back to photograph my now luridly exposed posterior. I could imagine what an incredible spectacle I was making of myself. Here I was, my legs open, my little titties poking down and my asshole and pussy on display! And Mr. brockman was helping himself to several photos of everything I had! "Now look back this way Carol...That's it, now...now a little smile...great!"
"Could you show a little more Carol?" He asked nicely. I wondered why he wanted to see...that, but, without hesitation, I reached back and spread my butt cheeks apart, allowing him to photograph my tight pink asshole and the red haired lips of my girlish pussy below.
"Ray...Justin's just pulling up!" We heard Nancy's voice on the intercom. "Come on out and see if he's got the trophy!"
"The timing couldn't be better. I remember thinking. I could tell the situation with Mr. Brockman was getting away from me and I was helpless to figure out how to end our lewd photo session. Thank God Mrs. Brockman had interrupted us.
But there was one more surprise waiting for me that night. When I climbed off the desk I was confronted with Mr. Brockman's now hardened penis! He'd become excited while photographing me naked! This man who had by his own admission "Seen it all" had become aroused by my teenaged body! I was, well, kind of scared by his mamouth size, but also flattered. Yes flattered! This mature man who wandered around surrounded by good looking nude women at the camp had gotten all stiff from looking at me.
"I can't go out there like this!" He whispered. I knew what he meant but what was I supposed to do about it? Mr. Brockman reached for a tube of Coppertone he'd brought in with the beach towels and told me to open my hand. I was still wondering what he expected of me when he squeezed a dollop of the slippery creme into my hand and then brought it to his impossibly hard cock.
"Mr. Brockman, can't you do this?" I complained.
"There's no time Carol!" He quickly shot back.. "It'll go faster if you do it. Hurry! Justin must be in the house by now."
Once again I felt I had no choice in the situation and so I reached out and lightly touched Mr. Brockman's penis. It was hot and hard! I tentatively began to stroke it and he moaned lightly in response. I had no choice but I must admit: I'd been admiring his big penis for some time now. I just couldn't pass up the chance to touch it.
"Oh, that's it Carol!" He encouraged. "Nice and smooth honey, just like that." I meekly complied, sliding my hand up and down his impressive length and found myself comparing him to my boyfriend. He was thicker, that's for sure!
"That's beautiful honey, just beautiful!" He breathed. "Just squeeze it lightly now, no need to slide your hand up and down anymore...just a light squeeze..."
Just then, I felt Mr. Brockman's big cock begin to swell in my hand and I knew he was about to come. I felt a jerk and then it began to twitch.
"Carol quick!" He told me, "Quick, your panties!" I knew what he feared. If I didn't act fast the carpet would be soiled with his come. I reached down and grabbed my panties and brought them up to his erupting penis. I then reached out and again began to lightly squeeze his hard on as he'd instructed me earlier. And then I saw it! Lots and lots of hot sperm splashing into my panties as Mr. Brockman unloaded his balls. It went on for several seconds as he gasped and moaned in pleasure. Finally, he was through and my panties were loaded with his come.
We discreetly went out the side door to the pool area where I put my shorts and top back on and hid my come soaked panties in my purse. Mr. Brockman's cock quickly returned to it's previous condition and we greeted his son inside.
Justin regaled us with tales of his team's triumphant victory up in Santa Barbara but, to be honest, I was unable to really focus on his narrative. No, I was now apprehensive about what had just taken place in Mr. Brockman's studio. I'd not only allowed him to take off my panties but had posed naked for him and then jerked him off to orgasm Most of it was lost to time but not the photos. No. No, those pictures were real and wouldn't just go away.
This was getting more and more complicated. I loved Justin and wanted to be his girl but what would I do about those photos?