The taxi driver shrieked at the other driver as he came to a screeching stop. Derek and Amy enthusiastically disembarked and grabbed their luggage. Neither of them knew exactly what the issue was but were just happy to be out of the taxi. Derek paid the driver, not waiting for change while he continued to carry out a heated discussion with the other driver. Expletives thrown back and forth in their native tongue before the head concierge arrived and shoed them away. They both jumped into their taxis and with a screech of tyres, roared off down the driveway.
'What was all that about?' Amy asked.
'Beats me.' Said Derek with a shrug of his shoulders.
The pair stood under the Porte-cochere of Xanadu Cove. They had carried out a lot of research before selecting their destination. This resort's reviews said it had the best service as well as much more relaxed regarding nudism. It was adult only so not a typical family orientated naturist resort.
'Good morning folks. Sorry for that. The local taxi drivers can be quite... colourful,' said David, the Head Concierge. 'Let's get you inside.'
'Okay, we are a bit early though.' Derek said.
'No problem. If your room isn't ready we can hold you bags while you take in all the resort has to offer.' He politely said and snapped his fingers and a young man ran over collecting their luggage.
The full heat of the day was yet to be reached but it was still refreshing as they stepped into the large foyer, David stopped at the door and he directed them to the front desk and tipped his hat.
Stepping up to the front desk they were greeted by name and told their room was ready. The front desk clerk ran through the rules and explained the Café, bars and restaurant times. They were shown on a map how to get to their room and they were off.
'So this is not clothing optional?'
'Nude only. I take it once we reach our room it will be nude only from then on.' Derek said.
'To be honest I thought they might have made us strip in the foyer.' Amy laughed. 'What did she mean by, we do not frown upon public displays of affection at this resort.'
'I guess we can kiss and cuddle. Most resort are strict. No touching and the like. Nothing overtly sexual.' Derek said as they reached their room and he opened the door.
The room was fairly standard. Bathroom to the left as you enter and opening up into a bedroom and sitting area. Two large sliding doors open up to a large deck that gave them views across the resort.
Derek immediately stripped and stepped out onto the deck. 'Wow,' he said. 'Check this out.' Calling Amy over to join him and they stood silent as they took in the resort. 'I'm taking a wiz. So I'm expecting to see some nudity when I get back.'
Derek came from the bathroom and pausing as he enjoyed the site of Amy, completely naked, standing in the balcony doorway as she continued to take in the vista of the resort.
Amy was a curvaceous women in her late thirties and only a few year younger than himself. Her auburn hair was naturally wavy and hung loosely across her shoulders and down her back stopping just above the most magnificent firm bottom he had ever seen.
Derek was always appreciative of her natural beauty. Amy turned hearing his approach, affording him the opportunity to take in her frontal view. His cock swelled as he looked her up and down. Taking in her firm B cup breasts and his favourite, her tuft of ginger pubes.
Derek came in close, pressing his rigid member into her hairy bush and kissed her hard as he grabbed her arse, pulling her pussy harder against his cock. 'How about a quickie before we go out? Might help with keeping my erection under control.' Derek said then nibbled her neck.
Derek was a well hung nine incher and Amy almost weakened. She felt his increasingly hardening cock pressing against her. He was nibbling her neck for a reason. Derek knew she was putty in her hands.
She pushed him away. 'Not yet stud.' She said taking another look at his twitching engorged cock. 'Maybe I like the idea of you getting hard in public over me?'
'Babe!' Derek replied. 'Can't you help a guy out? And he started to slowly stroke his member.
'Stop that you naughty boy.' She said slapping his hand away.
Derek stepped in and again kissed her neck and brought his hand to her breast and tweaked her nipple, causing them to immediately become erect. Dropping his mouth to her breast he sucked her stiffening nipple while rolling the other between his fingers. 'I can't wait to see these in public.' He said.
Amy had large nipples that protruded a good three quarter of an inch when stimulated. She also feared them showing in public. 'Stop that! Come on let's check out the resort.' And she strode to the door displaying the best bravado she could muster.
Derek stood disappointed, and again paused to admire her beautiful arse, which did nothing to ease his erection, still throbbing.
They meandered through the resort, taking in the manicured gardens as guests passed saying hello and nodding politely. Amy smiled to herself, watching Derek still struggling with his slowly diminishing erection. His towel served him well as a shield.
Amy too was new to the naturist lifestyle. Derek was the first to begin not wearing clothes around the house and occasionally slipping out into the back yard. Amy took a lot longer to come around. After numerous suggestions from Derek she eventually began to wear less and less clothes. Eventually wear nothing while doing house work and the like. She had to admit, it did put a spark into their sex life.
They eventually went to a nude beach. 'Midweek,' Amy had suggested. 'There will be less people.' And there was. They shared the beach with around 4 other couples who all just kept to themselves. 'Maybe this is their first time too,' Derek had suggested at the time.
Therefore, this was the first time they had been nude in the great outdoor with other people. Although the resort was busy she felt comfortable and was enjoying the freedom. The other guests were polite but there was no feeling of discomfort. The gentle breeze was maintaining her erect nipples. She eventually came to the realisation, she was the only one concerned.
Derek's dick finally went down. Amy always loved how he still maintained an extra bit of length and thick girth after an erection and contemplated returning to the room to take him up on his earlier offer but her devilish side decided to let him wait. She was in a dick teasing mood.
The pool area was the central hub of the resort. All paths passed through the area. Therefore to get to anywhere it was necessary to pass the pool. It was a large kidney shape with a bar at its edge, accessible via the water or from the deck. Sun lounge circled the pool and even though the resort was busy it was not difficult to locate a couple of chairs. It was only a matter of deciding where to sit.
As they circled the pool, passing an eclectic mix of people ranging from elderly to young. They passed a couple openly fondling each other while the people around them carried on as though nothing was out of the ordinary was happening. Although there were a pair of sun lounges next to them they agreed with a look to find somewhere else.
Eventually agreeing on a pair of sun lounges near the far end, next to an elderly couple. They laid out their towels and took a seat. Amy pulled out her sunglasses and after adjusting the backrest sat back and relaxed.
'I guess that's what they mean by public displays of affection.' Amy whispered.
Derek sat back and took in his surrounds. Studying the myriad of personalities. It appeared that the pool area was made up of basically two type of people. There were the exhibitionists. People who enjoyed being watched, having sex in public or simply being provocative in the hope of enlisting a response. And there were voyeurs. Those who like to watch. Derek figured it was an interdependent relationship. They both needed each other in order to satisfy their needs.
Thirty feet away, Amy saw a woman of a similar age to herself, her chair facing them. She had shoulder length sandy hair with a wispy fringe that came down almost covering her eyes. Her legs spread and idly rubbing her clit as she watched numerous men pass, each one looking her up and down before moving on. She was heavily tanned and had large sagging breasts with dark areolas. Derek beside her sat with his fully erect penis resting flat against his stomach as he too watched her display. Her left hand parting her pussy lips wide while the other rubbing her clit. Occasionally lifting her fingers to her mouth and tasting her own juices before returning it to her swollen clit. As middle aged man passed he stopped, then took up the seat next to her and began to stroke his thick cock.
Amy was now mesmerised by this couple. Her mirror sun glasses afforded her some stealth although she openly had her head turn directly in their direction. His balls were hairy and hung low. She did not find him attractive but was amazed at the openly sexual nature of the environment.
'Are you right there?' she said noticing Derek's arousal.
'Yes fine thanks. This is a great holiday. I'm loving this.' Derek said as he watched the exhibition. He fought the urge to join in and openly jerk off but wasn't quite ready to masturbate in public. 'I see you're quite interested.'
'No! I'm just curious.' She said before returning her gaze to the couple opposite. The couple were now staring directly at each other, their eyes locked. She was beginning to thrust her hips and inserted her fingers into her pussy while still rubbing her clit. While he feverishly stroked his cock and soon exploded over his chest. Thick globs of cum coating his hairy chest. The woman watched him cum and she too soon ached her back in the throes of her own orgasm. They shared a few parting words and she picked up a magazine and returned to reading like nothing had happened.
'My. That was quite intense.' Amy said feeling a little flushed. She had seen porn movies before but to experience it in the flesh was something else and her pussy was still twitching slightly after the display. She leant back and went back to watching the people around the pool.
Amy noticed women passing and checking out Derek's equipment. Many smiling at him as they passed. Her initial instinct was jealousy. This soon dissipated as she thought, 'That's mine, for me only.'
Derek was proudly displaying his manhood for all to see. He started the day a little self-conscience but as the day wore on his confidence grow. His legs apart, penis in full view still partially erect.
Amy stood and adjusted her towel and moved her chair to but up against Derek's. With her back to Derek, he glimpsed a flash of red from her bottom and saw the glistening ruby red gem against her anus. 'What's that?' he asked as he touched the gem and giving her arse a squeeze.
'Oh, just something I picked up for this trip. You like it?' she said as she accentuated the way she bent over and retook her seat. 'It's a little butt plug.'
'That is fucking hot,' he said as he kissed her. 'You are full of surprises.'
Amy continued to get comfortable and saw a thin gentleman approach. He was in his thirties but the most outstanding feature was his massively long penis, swinging between his legs as he walked almost to his knees. He passed Derek and took a seat on the far side of Amy. As he sat sideways on the lounge, his cock swing and almost hitting the deck he said, 'Hello darling, my names Jonathan.'
'Hi,' Amy hesitantly said.
'Hello, I'm Derek' he said and held out his hand.
'Yes, yes. Hello Dirk.' Jonathan said never taking his eyes off Amy and ignoring his gesture.
'That's Derek.' He mumbled to himself.
'You are a beautiful woman. You must be new here. I would remember a magnificent specimen like you.'
Amy instantly felt uneasy. Her gaze was on his massive dick. There was nothing sexual regarding her interest, it was more like an oddity. He spread his legs further, affording her a better view.
'Thankyou,' she said quietly.
'Jonathan would love to get to know you better. I think we could have a lot of fun. You and me.'
Derek was at first concerned and thought about challenging this jerk but he could tell Amy was not interested in the least. Her short clipped answers a clear indication of her lack of interest. Jonathan was so into himself he rambled on about himself and throwing out the endless compliments to Amy who was not buying it.
'Well, if you want some fun look me up darling. See you later Darren.' He absently said as he turned and moved away.
Amy immediately turned to Derek and silently mouthed 'What a wanker.'
Derek laughed and then looked up to see him returning.
'Hey Darling. Jonathan didn't get your name?' as he stood next to her a little too close Derek thought.
Amy turned and found his cock hanging inches from her face. She pulled her head back and said, 'Darlene. My names Darlene.'
'Thanks. That's beautiful name, see you later Darlene.'
This time see made sure he was gone before turning to Derek, 'Wow did you see that? Dirk.'
'Very funny.' Derek said and joked. 'The name's Darren.'
'Nice to know I can still attract the lads.'
'Excuse me dear.' Said the older couple next to them. The couple were in their late forties. She was quite attractive and they were both well-tanned. 'Darlene is it. My names Maggi and this fine gentlemen is Peter.'
'Call me Pete.' He said without opening his eyes as he continued to lie on his lounge, dozing.
'I don't mean to pry.' Maggi said. 'But please be careful with Jonathan.'
'Sorry my name is actually Amy. I just told him that.'
'Smart girl.' Maggi said and turned her attention to Derek. 'And you must be Donald.' She smiled. Derek was about to correct her when she laughed and added, 'I know. Just teasing you Derek.' And they all laughed.
'He's a bit of a wanker. Isn't he.' Amy said.
'He likes to hit on all the new guests. He is pretty much a resident. They lease out some villas up the back so he's here almost every day.'
'Really?' Amy said. 'Does his routine ever work?'
'Sometimes, and he's all about himself. When he does eventually get that thing hard. Which is quite an impressive sight. Two strokes latter he dribbles some cum and it's all over.' Maggi frankly said.
'Now, it's my turn to pry but you sound like you talk from experience.' Amy said.
'We all make mistakes.' Maggi confessed. 'Pete's seven inches is more than enough to satisfy me. This old lady doesn't attract the young men anymore but I'm happy with his love stick.' She said giving his limp dick a shake.
'I would imagine you still turn heads, Maggi.' Derek said.
'You are a sweet boy.' Maggi said. 'But with this gorgeous thing beside me, I have no hope.' Referring to Amy.
'Gosh, you are too kind.' Amy said blushing.
Derek took another look at Maggi. She had a tight athletic figure and her C cup breasts, although showed some sag were still quite pleasing to look at. Her flat stomach and clean shaven pussy made for a very appealing site. 'No really. If we were both single.' Derek said.
'Go for your life Derek.' Pete said still not opening his eyes.
'Yes, careful Derek. He likes to watch me fucking younger hot men.'
'Really? Thankyou I think.' Derek said, surprised at how open they were.
'Okay, maybe some other time.' Amy said hoping to change the topic. 'So, you obviously come here quite often?'
'Yes. Every three months or so. Great food. Great service and great company.'
'Our first time here or to a resort like this.' Amy said.
'I could sort of tell. Look out there.' Maggi said gesticulating towards the whole pool area. 'You will see heavily tanned people and, no offence, white people like you. You have made quite the commitment.'
'Yes I guess it is quite obvious if you look at it that way. And look Jonathan has found another girl to hit on. What do you mean by quite the commitment?' Amy said.
'Oh, it's just... How do I put this delicately?' Maggi said. 'You may have noticed the openly sexual activity.'
'What she is trying to say is, people fuck like rabbits around here.' Pete said as he sat half up leaning on his elbow.
'Eloquent as usual Peter.' Maggi scowled. 'Yes well, if this is all a bit much. Try the beach. It's a bit more relaxed and less confrontational. Unless that's what you like.'
'Thanks. It is a little intense.' Amy said. 'I think we may take to the beach after lunch.'
'Well, I hope you have a lovely stay.' Maggi said and she laid back and closed her eyes and returned to her sunbaking.
They returned to their relaxation. Amy sliding closer to Derek and cuddled. Amy rested her hand on Derek's stomach as she half dozed and slide it down deciding to tease him some more.
'Hey, Sweetie. Get me a drink will you?' Amy said in her sweetest voice as she softly rubbed his cock a few times.
Derek, now sporting an erection replied, 'What with this?'
'Yes please I want to see you strut your stuff like the other guys.' Amy said not expecting him to get up. She had watched various guys walking around with their erection openly displayed.
'I think I will.' Derek said and jumped up and took the long way to the bar.
Amy watched as his erection bounce as he walked and watched the appreciative looks he received as he passed a group of girls before disappearing into the throng of people at the bar.
Derek was gradually working his way to the bar. He spent a lot of effort trying to keep his distance. Standing naked in a crowd was a remarkable and challenging experience. After some time he worked his way forward and was one person back from the bar when he got nudged from behind causing his dick to pock the young lady in front of him.
She had long blond hair and a shapely hour glass waist. His diminishing erection stiffened on contact with her firm tanned bottom and blushed, feeling it to be totally inappropriate as she was about half his age. 'I'm terribly sorry miss. I didn't mean to touch you.'
She turned around and he got a glimpse of her large silicon breasts. She looked down at his erection and smiled. 'That's okay. You can poke me any day. Hi my names, Abby.'
'Derek,' he said and she turned back to the bar. Derek couldn't back up so steadied his stance and was looking around, when he felt Abby's arse press against him again. Derek knew he wasn't moving forward so looked down to find her slowly moving her arse back onto his erection. He felt his cock slide between her legs and the tip of his dick slipped against the warmth of her pussy. He instinctively recoiled and the barman arrived with her drinks and she again turned took another look at his cock, then smiled and said, 'don't be a stranger Derek. I might let you poke me properly next time.'
Derek stood at the bar dumbfounded. The barman asked him for the third time before he came out of his daze. Pausing momentarily before finally remembering his order.
Returning with the drinks Derek was still a little dazed. 'Do not go to the bar with an erection.' He said as he passed Amy her drink.
'Why's that?'
Amy listened as Derek relayed the incident. She presumed the story was slightly embellished. The young twenty year old was probably really thirty or forty. The arse slipping onto his dick was just a brush of an arse cheek. 'So which one is this young hottie?' She asked sceptically.
'The blonde over there.'
'What? She's not twenty. She must be forty something.' Amy said feeling vindicated.
'No, the blonde to the left of her.'
Amy moved her gaze slightly to the left and found a twenty year old with large breasts. Her long straight hair hung down to her arse. She watched her flick her hair back and thought how pretty she was. 'Well. I think you should stay away from tarts like that.'
Derek watched Abby as she preened herself and tied her hair into a ponytail and began applying sun lotion to her breasts. His gaze was broken by Amy snapping her finger in front of his face.
'Eyes this way. Mister.'
'I only have eyes for you dear.'
'I can see that.' She said. She had been teasing him all morning so couldn't really blame him. 'He must be ripe to blow.' She thought. 'Come on let's get some lunch.'
They stood and made their way along the pool deck on their way to the restaurant. They pasted a couple making love. The women bent over and was being fucked doggy style. Amy still found it odd as no one cared in the least.
'Hello Darlene.' Jonathan said as they passed and he returned his attention back to watching the couple fucking.
'Hey Derek.' Abby said as she stepped forward. 'Who's you friend?'
'This is my wife, Amy. Amy meet Abby.'
Amy looked at Abby with daggers but said nothing as she tightened her grip on Derek's arm.
'Hello Amy.' Abby said with warmth. 'Look at you, you sexy thing. No wonder your husband didn't give me a second look. Anyway, catch you later.' And she skipped off back to her friends.
'She's a nice girl.' Amy said.
'She was a tart twenty minutes ago.'
'I was mistaken. Come on I'm hungry.'
The resort beach although quite small offered a less electrified environment. Amy was able to find a spot towards the far end and she felt less on display. She laid out her towel in the soft white sand and sat down, and relaxed. They were quite some distance from the other guest who obviously couldn't be bothered walking that far.
'I'm liking this.' Amy said. 'I don't feel like everyone's watching me.'
'You didn't seem to mind watching others.' Derek said.
'That's different. I think they wanted to be watched.'
Amy lay down and Derek sat, quietly watching people swimming and some younger guest throwing a tennis ball around. A couple over from them were spooning. Obviously having sex. His hips slowly moving back and forth.
'Let's go for a walk.' Derek suggested and they stood and walked along the beach arm in arm. As they walked they passed numerous people, all smiling and nodding politely. Amy paused and watched a woman giving head. Derek was surprised at Amy openly stopping to watch. He always pictured her as the type to hurry past. His surprise was heightened when she reach over and slowly stroked his cock. Another couple were sitting next to them and he was stroking his own cock.
They had arrived late in the show and moved on as she cleaned up the last of his cum, licking the last drops of his spillage from her lips.
'I've never seen you so horny.' Derek said as he ran his hand up her leg upon their return to their towels.
'Perhaps all these lovely cocks are getting me hot.'
'Perhaps.' Derek said and allowed his finger to brush her pussy and he began to play with her labia.
'Stop that, Derek.' Amy said slapping his hand away as though it was a fly. 'Here put some sun screen on my back.'
Amy threw him the bottle turned over onto her stomach. Squirting a dollop onto his hand he began rubbing it into her shoulders working his way down. The whole time he couldn't help but look at the ruby red gem in Amy's arse. Reaching her back side he made no attempt to avoid the area, applying the sunscreen into her crack and playing with her butt plug.
'Was this hard to put in?' he asked as he partially pulled it out, then let it pop back in.
Amy felt her arse spread as he pulled at the plug. 'No, it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.' And she felt him pull it out, before he slipped it back in. His other hand found her pussy. Straddling her legs he continuing to play with her but plug. Amy lifted her arse allowing Derek easier access. He applied a liberal amount of lubricant he found in her bag and she felt Derek continue pulling it out further each time and then re-inserting. She enjoyed the sensation as he fucked her arse with her little rosebud butt Plug. She felt the plug exit her arse and he pushed it back in. She felt her arse spreading each time he penetrated her butt hole. Reaching back she spread her cheeks and Derek began to fuck her arse in earnest.
Derek was fully primed from this morning activities. He reinserted the butt plug before shoving his cock into her pussy.
As he entered he felt her wetness as well as the bulge of the anal plug, pushing against the top of his cock pressing the underside of his cock against the front wall of her vagina. He heard her moan as he bottomed out with his full nine inches. Pulling out and began to fuck her hard.
'Honey stop. I think I have to pee.' Amy said.
Derek leant forward and whispered, 'that's okay. Just let yourself go.' And he continued to fuck her hard. He was horny as hell and Amy was moaning loudly. He soon felt her pussy tighten. Clamping hard onto his cock and a stream of warm fluid flowed across his balls.
Derek returned to thrusting his cock and then heard her cry out. 'Oh, god.' She orgasmed as he thrust harder, nearing his own orgasm, then emptied his load deep into her pussy.
Derek pulled out and slumped onto his towel beside her. 'I'm enjoying this trip so far.' He said.
'I can't believe I just squirted,' she said as she lay on her stomach, cum dribbling from her pussy as she breathed hard. She immediately looked up the beach checking if anyone saw them. She saw no one even looking in their direction. 'If they had seen us. They're showing no interest now.' She thought.
'I didn't know you were a squirter?' He said leaning over and kissing her hard, their tongues exploring each other mouth.
'Neither did I. I don't know what happened. Come on, let's take a dip.' Amy said standing and a trail of cum ran down her leg. 'I need to clean up. You bloody filled me up.' And she ran for the water closely followed by Derek.
The restaurant was dimly lit for the evening service. Breakfast and lunch were buffets and the restaurant portrayed a bright tropical theme. Whereas dinner was completely different. The menu being a la carte and the mood more subdued. As they entered the restaurant they were greeted by the Maître D. A tall thin man with a hoity demeanour. They were informed of a slight delay as the restaurant was quite busy and directed to the bar were they found a table, with a waiter soon arriving to take their drinks order.
The guests in the bar quietly chatted to each other. Occasionally a name was quietly called and a group would disappeared into the restaurant.
After the hustle and bustle of their first day at the resort, they found this a refreshing change. The noise and commotion of the resort as the guests enjoyed their activities as well as the heightened sexually atmosphere made for an exhilarating, though tiring environment.
'So what was your highlight from today?' Amy asked.
'I don't know how you single out one highlight. As I run today through my head it was like and explosion of emotions and sights.' Derek said as the waiter returned with his Zombie cocktail and her Champagne martini. 'To a great holiday' he said and they clinked glasses.
'Wow, taste this,' Amy said passing her drink over to Derek.
'Only if you taste mine.'
They tasted each other's drinks, Amy screwing up her nose and shuddering. 'What's in that? Tastes like straight spirits.'
'Yours isn't exactly mellow. Perhaps we should stick with our own.'
They sat quietly just enjoying the tranquillity when Maggi and Pete entered the bar. Amy quickly waved them over, asking them to join them for dinner.
'Pete, go let the Maître D know we need a table for four.' Maggi ordered as she took a seat.
'Yes, my lady.' Pete facetiously said as he bowed.
Maggi ignored him and maintained her attention with her new friends. 'So, how did you find your first day?'
'I would have to say...' Amy started to say before pausing as she looked for the best word to sum up her experience. 'I would have to say stimulating.'
'I am enjoying the quieter mood this evening after the intensity of the day.' Derek said as Pete returned and took a seat next to Maggi.
'Yes everyone just chills in the evening.' Pete said as he signalled for the waiter. 'What's that you're drinking, Douglas?'
Derek quickly looked up and saw the smile on his face. 'Is that how it's going to be is it? And I'm drinking a zombie.'
'Looks good.' Pete said and again looked for the waiter. 'The usual for you Maggi?' Pete said as he stood and headed to the bar without even waiting for her reply.
'They are very busy tonight.' Maggi said. 'Hope you're not in a hurry.'
'What's the rush? We're on holidays.' Amy said.
'As long as I get fed.' Derek said.
'Yes you'll get fed, Damien.' Amy joked joining the teasing and Derek just smiled.
'Great name. I was sleeping with a guy named Damien last year. What a lover.' Maggi said. 'The things he could do with his tongue... gets me excited just thinking about it. Oh I'm sorry, you don't want to hear about my lovers.'
'So you and Pete are only recently together?' Amy asked.
'No we've been married for twenty-eight wonderful years.' She said. 'Oh, I see. Yes we have an open relationship. As long as the other person is involved and agree.'
'I see.' Amy said apprehensively.
Maggi saw her hesitation. 'It's not for everyone. I love Peter dearly. He is my soul mate and if he ever asked me to stop I would in a heartbeat and he would for me. For now it works for us.'
'Oh dear, I'm sorry. I'm not judging or anything.' Amy urgently said. 'It's just this is all a bit new to us.'
'That's perfectly fine. Our Kid don't understand either.' Maggi said.
'Our kids are a bunch of prudes. They don't even agree with our nudism.' Pete said as he returned from the bar with his zombie and a gin and tonic for Maggi.
'Oh, stop that. They're just a little more conservative than us.' Maggi said.
Their family discussion was cut short when a waitress approached and notified them of their table now being available. Collecting their drinks, they all proceeded to follow her and were led to a table by the window. The view across the grounds at night was magical. Trees were decorated with fairy lights and the pool area strewn with colourful lights.
'What are you smiling at?' Derek asked noticing Amy sitting, with a big grin across her face.
'I just realised. We are all sitting in a restaurant, naked. It is just so surreal.'
Derek laughed and took in his surroundings. People moving about, sitting at tables. Basically doing what people normally do at any restaurant around the world, except doing it naked.
'It eventually become normal.' Maggi said.
'Wait till you have to go home. People wearing clothes will be odd.' Pete added and ordered another round.
Amy tried to decline but it was too late. Amy was not a big drinker. She was already beginning to feel her first drink. They enjoyed their meal the conversation flowing easily as did the drinks. Four champagne martinis later and Amy was done. Derek himself was feeling the effects of his own drinks.
Maggi and Pete were showing no signs of slowing down. Derek used Amy as an excuse and made a polite exit before thing got messy. They politely excused themselves and Derek helped Amy to their room.
Derek awoke to the sight of Amy again standing at the balcony doorway. Her naked hourglass figure silhouetted against the bright morning sun.
'Wakey wakey. Sleepy head.' Amy said noticing him stir.
'Jeez, you're chirpy this morning.'
'Big day ahead. Come on get your butt out of bed.'
'What big day?'
'Oh, some lounging around the pool and some lounging at the beach. I've got a whole day of relaxation planned. Oh, and I booked a massage for use at two.'
'Happy ending?' Derek joked.
Amy gave him a look of distain and ignored him. 'They come to your room.'
'Cool.' Derek said showing token enthusiasm.
'Come get up. Let's get some breakfast and hit the pool.'
They arrived at the pool area a few hours earlier then yesterday and found it to be quieter.
'Must get busy later.' Derek said as they pick the same chairs as yesterday. He watched Amy set up her towel and the flash of her butt plug again could his attention. His cock partially stiffened as he recalled yesterday's antics. 'You're wearing your arse jewellery again. I approve,' he said.
Sitting down they relaxed and watched the pool area slowly grow in activity. The sandy haired woman arrived and took her customary seat and began to apply sunscreen. Kneading her large breasts light big sacks of water as she applied the cream, giving them a glowing sheen. She then began to again openly masturbate. Gently rubbing her pussy. It appeared she did it out of habit and with little arousal.
Couples continued to fill the area and the chatter and noise grew. Amy again tried to take it all in. A group of twenty some things, took up the sun lounges opposite hers. She watched one of the young men applying sun screen. His hairless chest and rock hard abs glistened as he applied the sun screen. He was tall with dark hair and then began to apply the lotion to his cock, causing it to stiffen slightly and Amy squirmed in her seat. She was almost licking her lips.
'Look at you. You dirty old perve.' Derek said noticing her fidgeting.
'What?' Amy said attempting to convey innocence. 'I not allowed to appreciate a fine young specimen.' She added and returned her gaze.
'That is a fine looking lad. Amy.' Maggi said as she sat in the sunlounge next to her.
'Yes. Yes it is.'
'I would mind taking that for a whirl.'
'Listen to you two.' Derek said. 'Imagine if it was me talking about a girl like that.'
'That's different. We are merely admiring beauty.' Amy said still with her gaze transfixed.
'Whatever lets you sleep at night. Just remember that when I'm appreciating beauty.'
'Of course dear.'
Derek watched Amy and Maggi as they ogled the young man. The young lad turned slightly and began to apply the lotion to his back side. The two ladies literally purred, with Maggi rubbing her pussy. Derek began to become hard as he saw how turned on they were getting. He could see Amy tempted to do likewise but stopped herself.
'Where's Pete when you need him.' Maggi said as she spread her legs further. The young man had now finished and sat in his chair. See Maggi pleasuring herself caused his cock to stiffen. His female friends noticed his arousal and carried on with their conversation as he began to stroke his ever growing member.
Maggi was in her own world of pleasure. Her eyes closed and head back as she brought herself to orgasm. Her chest heaving as she came down from her euphoria. 'Sorry about that.' She said. 'I got a bit carried away.'
'That's alright.' Amy said. I wish I was that free to loose myself like that. 'Derek, I think I need to take a walk. Would you mind our chairs please?'
'Anything for you sweetie,' Maggi said as she looked at Derek's dick. Leaving Derek to wonder if she was talking to Amy or his penis.
Once out of ear shot. Amy whispered, 'fuck I'm horny. God seeing Maggi masturbating while watching that young Adonis. God I'm wet. I wanted you to fuck me there and then but I'm too shy to do it around the pool.'
'That's okay let's have a stroll and calm you down. Then after lunch I'll fuck your light out.'
'I'll hold you to that. God my pussy is so wet. It keeps twitching. At one point I thought I was going to orgasm. Is that even possible to orgasm from visual stimulation only?' Amy said as she walked hand in hand.
'That I don't know.' Derek said then whispered, 'next time just go for it. That would be so fucking hot.'
'You better calm down too.' Amy said as Derek's erection returned.
Returning to the pool they found Pete had returned and was sitting in Amy's seat and he began to get up as they approached.
'No it's alright I'll share with Amy. Actually, can I get you a drink?' Derek said. 'G&T Maggi and Pete what would you like?'
'Get me another one of those zombies.'
'And Amy, a Champagne martini?'
'Yes please.' She said and Derek headed to the bar.
'Maggi was telling me you girls had a little excitement this morning.' Pete said.
'Yes. I must apologise again for that. I'm sorry if you felt uncomfortable, Amy.' Maggi said. 'I'm a bit of a horny old bitch.'
'That she is.' Pete said.
'No it wasn't you. It was me.' Amy said and then laughed. 'God that sounded like we were breaking up. It's not you it's me. I just didn't know how to react. God I was so turned on but didn't know how to react.'
'That's perfectly understandable. In the future just ask me to stop.' Maggi said.
'No I would never do that. It's alright, I think it'll be different next time. I might join in.' Amy said and reclined in her chair.
'I hope I'm here to see that.' Pete said and Amy saw his erection for the first time.
'He is a tasty looking guy.' Maggi said.
'You know he got an erection while he watched you.' Amy said.
'Really! See Peter, I can still turn on the guys.' Maggi gleefully stated. 'Jeez I bet he would be a good root. What do you think, Peter?'
'Go for it if you can. Looks like he's with some younger gals.' Pete said raining on her fantasy.
The four of them drank and chatted and completely losing track of time. Pete looked at his watch. 'Are you guys having lunch today?'
'Why what time is it?' Maggi asked.
'It's one thirty.'
'One thirty!' Amy repeated. 'We've got a massage booked for two. Sorry we have to run.' And Amy grabbed her stuff. 'Come on Derek.' And she ran off.
Derek stood. 'Thanks for the company. I'm sure we will see you later.'
'Come on Derek!' Amy yelled and he raced off after her.
They rested in the room after showering. Amy looked at her watch and sighed.
'What's up?' Derek asked.
'You owe me a good fuck. I'm still horny as hell.'
'Well the masseuse will be her soon.'
'After the massage then, and it better be good.'
'Yes dear. As you command.' And he heard a knock at the door.
'Massage' he heard muffled from the other side of the door.
Opening the door he was surprised to find Abby at the door way. Holding a bag and a fold up massage table.
'Abby? You work here?' he blurted out.
'Yes I'm one of the resident Masseuses.'
She stood there in a white sheer smock. Her firm breasts straining against the fabric. Her long blonde hair tied back in a high ponytail and wearing black rimmed glasses. 'Sorry where are my manners? Come in. Let me help you with that.' He said taking the table from her.
'Hello Amy.' Abby said. 'Derek, you can put it out on the deck. It's such a lovely day let's do it outside.'
Derek obligingly carried it out to the deck and tried to set it up. While Abby remained inside with Amy.
'So you work here?' Amy asked. 'What's that like.'
'It is cheap on clothing. This is the most I ever wear and we get to use the facilities. It's not for the money, more of a lifestyle thing.' Abby explained.
'I envy you. Such a carefree lifestyle.'
'It can get boring. You look like you're getting some nice colour.' Abby said looking her up and down. 'Now, where's your husband?'
They went out on the deck and Derek was still attempting to put the massage table together. 'Let me do that.' Abby said as she took over, and with push here and a pull there. 'Presto!' She said.
'I was almost there.' He said trying to defend his pride.
'Yes dear. You warmed it up for her.' Amy teased. 'He's so useful around the home.'
'I'm sure he is.' Abby smirked looking directly at his dick. 'Okay Amy up you get. Ladies first.' And she patted the table. Get comfortable.
Amy lay face down while Abby prepared her oils.
'Give me a yell when it's my turn.' Derek said and went inside, planning on trying the minibar.
Abby applied some scented oil to her hands and proceeded to massage Amy's feet one at a time. Amy's body tingled as she enjoyed Abby's firm but sensual touch. Amy's pussy twitched just from her foot massage alone. She worked her way up her calves and Amy tried to relax. She then moved to Amy left hand, working up her arm and to her shoulder before moving to her right arm.
Reaching her right shoulder Abby moved her long wavy auburn hair from her back. 'You have beautiful hair, Amy." Abby said as he reapplied some oil and began to work her shoulders.
Amy was in heaven as she felt herself calming but her pussy twitched causing her to stiffen.
'Relax.' Abby said. 'Gee you are tense. Just let yourself go.'
Abby continued down her back and Amy let out a moan when she reached the small of her back. Amy heard her re-apply some oil and then as she placed her hands to her left buttock cheek, Amy felt a jolt of pleasure rocket through her as Abby firmly massaged her bottom. By the time she had moved to her right cheek Amy was totally aroused.
Amy was concerned Abby might be disturbed at her response. She was lifting her arse slightly and Abby was now running her thumbs along her crack. When one of Abby's thumbs brushed her anus, Amy let out a loud moan.
'How about you turn over Amy.' Abby whispered in her ear and she quickly complied. Abby paused and took in Amy's body. 'You have a stunning body.' And she placed her hand on her breast. Her nipple hardened immediately and Abby ran her hand over her stiffened nub. 'But what I absolutely love is your ginger bush.' Abby said and she softly ran her fingers through her pubic hair. Gentle teasing Amy by lightly tugging at the hair and Amy moaned again.
Amy couldn't take it any more so reached down and guided Abby's hand to her pussy. Amy felt electricity course through her body as Abby lightly caressed her pussy lips. Amy was still horny from this morning's events compliantly spreading her legs. She had never had a lesbian experience before but at this moment all she wanted was release. Abby continued to tease as she refused to penetrate her pussy. This only heightened Amy's arousal.
Abby moved the base of the table and raised Amy's legs. Amy complied, grabbing behind her own knees and pulling them up. Up as far and wide as she could, giving Abby complete access to her pussy. Amy felt Abby warm breath as she paused just before she licked her from arsehole to her clit in a slow deliberate motion. Amy tried to spread her legs further.
Derek stepped to the balcony doorway. 'So how's the massage honey?' He said but found his wife being orally satisfied. He immediately began to stroke himself as he enjoyed the site before him. 'I would say quite well,' he said answering his own question. Amy was arching her back and groaning as Abby sucked her pussy. Derek looked at Abby, he was tempted to step in behind and fuck her. He looked to Amy, she was lost in her own pleasure but felt he shouldn't.
Instead he knelt behind Abby, raising her smock and spreading her cheeks and plunged his tongue into her moist pussy. He saw her sphincter pucker so plunged his thumb into her arse, hearing a squeal of delight. He lapped up Abby juices while fingering her arse.
Amy lifted Abby's head. Noticing her face covered in her own juices. 'Sit on my face, Abby. Let me return the favour. Abby happily climb onto the table as Amy slid down towards her shaven pussy and Derek helping her to slide toward his waiting cock.
Amy had never tasted a woman before. She had never even kissed Derek after he had pleasured her. This was a first and she dove in without hesitation. Tasting Abby's sweet juice. Abby lent her head back as Amy's tongue came in contact with her clit.
Derek raised Amy's legs and guided his cock to the entrance of her pussy, pausing only momentarily before drive his entire nine inches home. He heard a muffled groan and he continued to drive his cock into her sopping wet pussy. Pussy juice running down his balls.
Abby was grinding her pussy, hard against Amy's tongue as she thrust her hips while crying out 'Yes!' Amy figured she must be doing it right as she remembered how she liked Derek to service herself. Abby was now repeating 'Yes, yes, yes,' and she experienced Abby's orgasm as she stiffened and her cries deepened. Amy flicked her tongue one more time over Abby's swollen clit causing her to flinch. Amy now focused on her own pleasure as Derek's cock, plunged deep into her own pussy. Abby had climbed off and stood beside the pair. She reached down and began to rub Amy's clit. This was all it took and her orgasmed rocked her entire body. Her back arched while Derek continued hammering away his balls slapping her arse.
Abby noticed him reaching orgasm cried out, 'cum on her pussy, Derek. I want to see you cover her luscious pussy with spunk.'
Derek soon complied pulling out and jerked off, spurting his load over Amy's ginger bush. Amy immediately began to clean up the cum, licking every last drop from Amy's sodden pussy. Standing Abby smiled at them both. Amy sat up and looked at Abby. 'You have a bit of cum on your face,' she said and leant forward and licked a glob of cum from the side of Abby's mouth before kissing her. 'Thankyou Abby. That was one hell of a massage.'
'I'm glad you liked it. I would just like to say, I don't normally do that.' Abby said. She was concerned she would look more of a hooker than a masseuse. 'I've only ever done that once before. And god he was hot.'
Amy and Derek simply smiled. 'Who are we to judge?' Amy said and gave her a hug.
'Oh, I would like to also apologise for you missing out on your massage Derek.' Abby said becoming all serious.
'That is perfectly okay, I fully...' he started to say.
'No please contact the front desk and reschedule a massage. I will let the desk know it will be free of charge. I will make sure I am available.' She said as she ran her hand along his fading cock. She leant in a whispered. 'You still haven't poked me properly with it yet. Please make sure you book.'
'I better get going. Sorry to fuck and run. I hope to see you later.' And she folded her table, grabbed her oils and was off leaving them to reminisce about what had just taken place.
More to cum...