Priya got off the tarmac at the Bangalore Airport with nervous excitement. This was the first time she was so far away from home. However, she was not worried about it. She had a good role in her dream company, she had the required qualifications, and her childhood friend, Tina, would be working in the same department as her.
Tina had been extremely excited that Priya was coming to town. She had already leased out a place for Priya near the office. "The traffic in Bangalore is horrible," she said, "and it is simply for the best that you stay as close to the office as possible. You'll love the place."
Priya was a beautiful woman who had a perfect figure. Standing tall at 5'9'', she had a slightly longish face and long black hair that she preferred to tie up in a high ponytail. She had 36C breasts and a perky ass to die for. Tina, in contrast, was slightly short at 5'6''. However, she made up for that in her other places, with a curvy well-maintained body. With 38D breasts, she could feel a lot of eyes on her as she walked. Not that she minded - she liked the feeling that men were turned on by her body, and would often tease her cleavage by wearing modestly revealing and short dresses. She had black wavy hair with a few golden streaks and usually kept them open to accentuate her beauty.
After the long ride from the airport, she reached her new home. It was a small 1 bedroom apartment on the first floor, and the basic furnishings had already been done by Tina. Priya changed into a comfortable T-Shirt and a pair of pajamas and started unpacking her bags. Tina came over soon to welcome her friend.
"I am so glad you are finally here," shouted Tina as she hugged her friend tightly. Priya was equally happy, and the two of them began catching up on their lives. The topic soon turned towards their boyfriends.
"Well, I am not dating anyone currently. I had a boyfriend back in college but we kind of drifted apart afterward," said Priya.
"There are some really hot guys in our office. Or maybe you can get in bed with Arnav. He is pretty good looking too!" teased Tina. Arnav was Priya's manager, a really hard-working guy who had climbed his way through the corporate ladder. He was reputed to expect the best out of his team. He was also very fond of partying and often rewarded his team for their exceptional performance.
"Oh shut up!" exclaimed Priya.
"I see you are still the old prude," said Tina. "You'll have to loosen up a bit if you want to be successful in this company, Pri. The guys here appreciate the women for being a bit flirty. It helps tremendously in getting attention from them as well," she said.
"We'll see about that," replied a determined Priya.
The next morning, Priya looked at her now unpacked wardrobe as she tried to decide what to wear on her first day. She wanted to make the right impression with her boss as well her colleagues and wanted to remain professional as well. Tina's words from last night weighed heavily in her mind and she wondered how much of that was actually true.
She finally decided on a simple long-sleeved loose top that had white and black stripes all over it. It was one of her best formal tops, and she was confident that she'll look smart in it. For the bottom, she chose black trousers and chose a plain white bra and panties to match. She tied her hair in a high ponytail, as she knew her hair looked good that way.
Looking at the time, she hurried to call a cab and reached the office. Completing her onboarding formalities, she was shown her desk. As more people started walking in, Priya introduced herself to her new colleagues. There was Akshay and Vidhi who worked in Accounts and sat in the adjoining desk, Navdha from HR, Rohan, Mayank and Stephan from the Sales Team, and finally Tina and Samarth. Tina's desk was right across her own, giving Priya some sense of relief. She also met Arnav, who would be sitting right behind her.
Arnav was quite pleased with his decision to hire Priya. It was rare to get such amazing talent these days. She was gorgeous as well, an added bonus! With Tina as her companion, she would have no trouble fitting into the office culture.
Meeting for Lunch, Priya, Tina, Akshay, and Vidhi sat down in the cafeteria. Vidhi was around the same age as Priya and Tina and had joined the firm a few months before. Slightly taller than Priya, she had a round face and brown eyes. She liked to dress up in Ethnic wear and was wearing a white kurta with jeans today. With dark brown hair held in place with a clutch, she had nice perky 34C breasts.
Priya noticed that both Vidhi and Tina were flirtatious with Akshay. Tina was wearing a tight pink top that highlighted her breasts. Even Vidhi's kurta was slightly see-through, and Priya could see her white bra sometimes. Navdha, the HR who was sitting with Arnav and Samarth a couple of desks away, was wearing a shirt and a formal jacket. But her shirt was unbuttoned a couple of buttons from the top, showing her neck and a hint of a cleavage whenever she bent over. Priya wondered where they got the courage to wear such clothing and found herself wanting to feel the same way.
Priya shared her concerns with Tine while walking back home. Tina had agreed to help her unpack the rest of her stuff, and the two had left soon after lunch. "You were right!" said Priya. "Vidhi's kurta was see-through and I could make out her bra. I saw Akshay gawking at her boobs all through the lunch."
"Well, somebody's jealous!" replied Tina. "He was looking at you too. You just need to wear the right clothes that accentuate your features."
"But I don't have any such clothing," said Priya. She was worried about not getting any attention from Arnav. She noticed that he was much friendlier with Himani, and did not want to be left out. Also, thinking about dressing up in slightly revealing clothes was turning her on.
"Oh don't worry about that! You don't need any special clothes, not yet anyway. We'll work up something sexy with your existing wardrobe that will get all the heads turning in the office," said Tina.
The two girls finished unpacking and Tina tugged Priya towards her wardrobe. "You have a lot of clothes we can experiment with," she said. "Let's start with something simple tomorrow. Why don't you wear this shirt?"
"What's so special about this shirt?" asked Priya.
"Oh you'll see," she replied cryptically.
The next day, Priya dressed up in the chosen shirt. It was light blue in color which gave it a slight denim kind of look. She selected light brown trousers to go with. She buttoned up the Shirt completely, leaving just the collar button open from the top. As she stood in front of the mirror, she wondered how much would she reveal if she unbuttoned another button. "Not too much," she thought as she looked at herself in the mirror. Then she bent over, checking that she would not reveal a lot in case she had to pick up something. That was safe as well, but the tops of her black bra came into view. "Well, I hope that I don't have to bend over," she thought to herself as she left the button open and left for her office.
Instantly, Priya noticed a change. Akshay rose up to welcome her to the office, and one of the sales guys turned his head as she walked by. Tina came over to greet her soon after. She was wearing a white crop top today that showed off a bit of her waist.
"So how are you feeling today?" asked Tina.
"Oh, I feel incredible. But I think I left an extra button open. I hope I am not revealing anything," she said.
"Don't worry honey!" Tina replied. "You look just fine. I actually think that you can let go of another button there."
"What! No!" exclaimed Priya. She was not at all ready to unbutton the top two buttons of her shirt on the second day of office and told Tina the same. "Besides, it will be too unprofessional."
"Well, let's do one thing then. You unbutton another one of those buttons when you come up to the cafeteria for lunch. You won't be in office, and it will not be unprofessional. When you are back, you can button it back up if you want," Tina replied. Priya did not have any counter to that and said that she will think about it.
It was soon time for lunch, and Priya went to the restroom to wash up. She looked at the small mirror and opened another button. She was extremely turned on by the sight in the mirror. She could see a lot of cleavage in between her breasts. Upper portion of her bra was also peeking from beneath the shirt, and if she bent over, anybody would be able to see her entire bra. Although nervous, she was too turned on to redo the button.
As she caught up with Tina, she noticed that Tina had made her own changes to her outfit. The crop top was much higher than earlier, revealing quite a bit of her waist and her navel as well. She gave her a questioning look but got a shrug in return. They joined Vidhi and Akshay again for lunch.
Vidhi was also wearing a shirt today and was also unbuttoned two buttons from the top. Priya got some comfort knowing that she was at par with Vidhi today. Akshay was giving her much of the attention today, and she liked it. But she wanted more. Looking across at Tina, she began playing with the third button on her shirt. She could not believe that she was considering revealing almost her entire bra and a generous cleavage to everyone.
Akshay also noticed the subtle movement. He looked at Priya and said, "You are looking really beautiful Priya. I really like how you have dressed up today." Saying this, he leaned over and gave her a kiss on her cheek. It was the first contact between Priya and Akshay beyond a casual handshake, and Priya closed her eyes as she shivered in pleasure. Her fingers twisted and the button popped open.
Priya opened her eyes and looked at her friends. Tina was beaming at her, surprised and glad. Vidhi was also feeling extremely turned on. This was the most erotic moment she had seen at the workplace, and she did not mind that at all. In fact, she wanted it too. She wanted Akshay to kiss her, to look at her boobs, to run his fingers all over her. She opened her eyes and saw that Akshay was looking at her now. Looking straight into her eyes, she took one of her fingers to her lips and gave it a gentle kiss. Then she traced her finger over her neck and towards her breasts. She closed her eyes in pleasure again, as she too unbuttoned the third button, and even opened her shirt's flap a little so that her bra could be clearly seen.
"You guys are such sluts!" exclaimed Tina, breaking everyone out of the euphoria. Priya and Vidhi started laughing and Akshay joined them soon. Priya knew Tine meant it as a joke, but she was surprised that she did not mind being called a slut at all. She even liked it to some extent.
Coming back from lunch, Priya buttoned the third button back up. She enjoyed the feeling she got but did not want to get reprimanded by her boss. This still left a glimpse of her bra revealed, and she liked the fact that anyone in the office could see her bra.
Just before leaving the office, Priya caught up with Tina in the restroom. "So how was your day in the shirt," asked Tina.
"It was amazing! I was so turned on during lunch," said Priya. "Did you look at Akshay's face when I unbuttoned my shirt?"
"I think he deserves a gift from us to make this day even more memorable for him," replied Tina. "Do you think he will like my bra?"
"Oh you are being a naughty girl!" said Priya as she thought back to the time Akshay kept gawking at her bra. Tina had already unhooked her own bra underneath her top, and pulled it out of her sleeve. Priya, not to be outdone, soon followed suit. She looked at herself in the mirror and was pleased at the sight. Her breasts did not sag and the shirt presented a tantalizing cleavage. For Tina, the change was much more visible. With a tight top stretched across her breasts now, her nipples were poking out and it was apparent that she was not wearing anything underneath her top.
"So what do we do now?" asked Priya.
"Now, you walk up to him really close," said Tina as she walked upto Priya.
"Look him in the eyes," she said as she leaned even closer, her lips dangerously close to her.
"Hand him our bra," handing Priya her own bra as their lips brushed against each other.
"And then leave," she said, moving away and walking out of the washroom.
Priya's entire body was burning now. She had nearly orgasmed when Tina had almost kissed her, and then she had left her wanting more. She did not even realize that Tina had unbuttoned her shirt back to the third one, and without her bra, she was now showing a lot more skin. She now walked out of the washroom with both the bras clutched in her hands. Searching desperately for Akshay, she finally found him chatting with Vidhi at her desk.
Walking up to Akshay, she leaned forward to talk to him. She could see that he was looking down her shirt and could see her entire boobs. That turned her on.
"I've got something for you," she whispered as she handed both the bras to a completely surprised Akshay. "I had fun at lunch." Saying this, she kissed Akshay, letting her lips communicate her lust and passion at the moment.
Breaking away, she winked at Vidhi who was watching all the action. Giving her a quick peck on the lips, she said, "See you tomorrow!" and walked off.