I wanted some Red Snapper so I borrowed my friend Dave's 28-foot cabin cruiser for the weekend. I do this several times a month throughout most of the summer. Dave was a spring and fall fisherman, hating hot weather. Heat did not bother me for the most part and it worked out well. I helped with the mooring expenses, fuel, and maintenance, so I did pay my way.
Now I was anchored bow into the wind off a sunken oil platform in 35 feet of water. I had four nice Red Snapper in the live well, drifting live shrimp along the edge of the steel structure. I had the surf rod rigged with a slider sinker with about six feet of line between the sinker and hook.
The bait was about halfway in when the rod dipped hard and I set the hook on another fish. It only took a couple of minutes to put the fish in the boat. It was another nice fat Snapper. I looked up at the sun and then around at the two young women sitting in the shade of the cabin.
"Where's your mom?" I asked the twin girls as I tried to keep my eyes off their bare breasts.
"She's up on the bow getting some all over sun," Kim replied.
I stepped up on the live well and looked through the windshield of the boat. Denise, my girlfriend of four years was laid out on a towel. I smiled as I noticed the tiny bikini bottom she had had on earlier was wrapped around her left hand. Tanning oil made her naked body glisten in the bright sunlight.
Stepping back to the deck, I looked at the twins and asked, "Either one of you want to try your hand at fishing while I fix supper."
Katy stood up and walked toward me. "You'll have to show me what to do, I am a virgin after all."
Kim spit out the sip of coke she was taking and then laughed. "In a pigs ass. I'm the only virgin on this boat."
Katy looked at her sister and smiled. "Speaking of asses, yours ain't—"
"Hey now!" Kim said quickly. "Play nice."
"I'd love to play nice but mom's on board and she'd have a cat and three kittens if she caught me," Katy said with a wicked grin.
Kim glanced at me and then back to her sister. "Are you talking him or us?"
"Either, or both," Katy said with a glance at me.
I was a little stunned to say the least. In the four years I had known the sisters, this was the first time I had heard anything like what I was hearing, come from either one. Now my dirty mind was running around in circles putting meanings to their words and the mental images where almost to the point of making me blush.
Earlier I'd had a couple of shocks as it was and this just added fuel to the mental fire I had going on. On the way out of the harbor, Denise had gone below to change into her swimsuit. Normally she ran around nude on the boat but with the daughters along for the first time, I figured she would wear a full bathing suit.
When she came up from below, my mouth dropped open at the little scrap of cloth she was wearing over her sex, a triangle about 3 inches by 4. The rest of the bottoms was string and she was nude other than that. Her breasts were small but well formed with perky upturned nipples.
I was about to the point of closing my mouth when Kim said, "Mom! What the hell are you wearing or is that not wearing?"
"Watch your mouth young lady," Denise said but she was smiling as she said it.
Katy shook her head and said, "Damn, mom's letting it all hang out."
"Uh, nothing hangs on your mom. It's all right where it's supposed to be," I said with a wink in Denise's direction. My eyes wandered down to that tiny triangle. It only covered the lower half of her mound, a wisp of blond hair showing at the top. The lower part was just barely covering her outer lips.
"Uh yeah, so we see," Katy, said with a funny look on her face. "And no tan lines either."
"Nope, no tan lines," Denise said with a wink at me.
"So you guys always go fishing naked, is that it?" Kim asked suddenly.
"And sunbathe naked in the backyard when you guys are away at college," I added.
"Holy shit! I told you that was going to happen after he built that big fence around the yard," Katy said to Kim.
"I've always wanted to skinny dip in the pool during the daylight, instead of just—" Kim said and then stopped suddenly, her eyes getting big as she realized what she had said.
Denise nodded her head and then she grinned. "I'd be careful getting in the pool in the dark, you might run into me and Jim."
"Uh, can we swim, uh, skinny dip in the pool and sunbathe naked also?" Katy asked.
Denise looked at me and then at her daughters with a frown on her face. "I don't know if that is a good idea. Jim works from home remember and he's there most of the time. I'm not sure how you girls would feel about that or how I'd feel for that matter."
Katy looked at her sister and then at her mom. "Uh, yeah, there is that."
Kim grinned and said, "I don't have a problem with Jim looking at me, and if he looks at me, he's just seeing a younger copy of you, mom."
"Uh, yeah, and a carbon copy of me," Katy said. "Well, almost anyway."
I had always been able to tell the two apart by a small scar on Katy's chin. Now I wondered what else was different. Little did I know, I would find out far more than I ever dreamed of wanting to know.
Denise looked at her daughter sharply and frowned for a second. "That scares me," she said still frowning.
"Why should a younger model of you, scare you?" Kim asked with a confused look.
"Not that. The fact that you could run around naked in front of my boyfriend is what scares me. It makes me wonder who else you run around naked with," Denise said, and then added quickly, "And no, I really don't want an answer to that."
"Mom, Jim's been around longer than anyone else since dad left and we trust him," Katy said looking at her sister.
Kim nodded and said, "Yeah, he's always been a perfect gentleman. Sometimes too perfect."
"Uh.... What do you mean, too perfect?" Denise asked. I knew what Kim was talking about but I thought better of saying anything.
Katy looked at Kim and frowned. "Blabber mouth."
Kim looked at the floor and shifted her weight from one foot to the other.
Denise looked at me. I looked out the windshield of the boat. She looked at her daughters. "Ok, out with it."
"Uh, we've teased him a time or two," Kate said, still looking at her sister.
"Oh, and how did you do that?" Denis asked.
"Uh, a door left open a crack here, a towel dropped there," Kim, said so softly I barely heard her.
"A flash of a short skirt or a loose blouse," Katy said just as softly.
"And you didn't say anything?" Denise asked, looking at me.
I shrugged. "Accidents do happen and I gave them the benefit of the doubt mostly. I also figured if I ignored it they would stop."
"Did they?" She asked still looking at me.
"They left for college shortly after," I told her.
She looked at her daughters with a frown. "I'd spank you both if you weren't so big."
Katy grinned. "I'll hold Kim so you can spank her and then she can hold me while you spank me."
Denise's mouth dropped open and her daughters both laughed. I wanted to say, like mother, like daughters but I thought better of it.
When Denise looked at me with that deer in the headlight look, I changed my mind. I grinned and said, "Like mother, like daughters." Now it was Katy and Kim's turn to have their mouths hanging open.
Denise's mouth dropped open in my direction as her head turned quickly in the direction of her daughters. Seeing their shocked expressions, she grinned. "Well, I'll be damned, mamma is kinkier than they thought or ever suspected."
Katy nodded, Kim shook her head, and Denise laughed. "Well, I had one of them fooled anyway."
Kim said, "I sleep lighter remember. I hear things that go, uh, bump in the night."
Katy looked at her sister. "And you didn't tell me?"
Kim shrugged. "It didn't really register until Jim said what he did."
"Ok, now you have to tell me," Kathy said quickly with a grin. She glanced at her mom and whispered, "This aught to be good."
"Just the sound of one hand clapping," I said with a grin in Denise's direction. I was surprised to see her blush lightly.
"You two can go put your bikini's on if you want," Denise said quickly.
"Just the bottoms or the tops also?" Kim asked quickly as she grabbed Kathy's hand.
"Bikini's as in two pieces," Denise said with a hard look at Kim.
"Says the lady with her boobs hanging out," Katy said with a grin at her mom.
Denise gave Katy an even harder look and then rolled her eyes before she shut them. "I knew better than to try this," she said to no one in particular and then opened her eyes. "Suit yourselves," she said with a glance in my direction.
I gave her a little shrug and blew her a kiss. "I'm going to look," I told her.
Denise sighed and looked at her daughters. "Yes, he will." Then she looked at me. "I could go put my clothes on."
I nodded. "Yeah, you could, but...." I let the sentence hang.
She nodded and then sighed again. "But I like being naked on this boat."
When I nodded and whispered, "Me too." Denise laughed and looked at her daughters. "I could throw them overboard and solve all sorts of problems."
"Our bodies would wash ashore sooner or later," Kim pointed out with a grin.
"Then we'd be able to come haunt you," Katy added.
"You two already haunt me," Denise said. "But I love ya anyway."
"She's got that motherly hug look in her eyes," Kim said.
"Uh, yeah, time to go down stairs," Katy said as she dodged to the left around her mom as Kim went to the right.
Denise missed grabbing both of them and settled for hugging me once her daughters were out of sight. "I screwed up by asking them along, didn't I?"
"Nope. Eventually, they'll get the same urges you do about running around naked. Since they skinny dip at night and when we're not around, probably, they already have the urges. Like mother, like daughters." I told her.
She grimaced at that last part and then kissed me on the cheek. "That's what scares me the most." Then with a sigh she asked, "Is the coast clear?"
I glanced at the radar screen. "Nothing big enough to register but you know how the small boats run under this thing."
She grinned. "The small stuff I can handle. It's the cruise ships that get me in trouble."
On our second fishing trip, she had gone outside just after we left the harbor. She had been standing naked by the aft rail watching the channel behind us and hadn't looked forward. I saw the cruise ship and I thought she had. A few moments later, there was a loud yell and she came flying by me and down the stairs. After a moment of shock, I laughed my ass off.
About fifteen minutes later, she came back up the steps slowly, wearing her beach wrap. "Why didn't you tell me there was a cruise ship coming our way?" She asked hotly.
"I, uh.... I thought you saw it. It's as big as an apartment building or three. It's kind of hard to miss," I said with a grin.
"Uh.... I was watching you watch me. You know how much I love your eyes on me when I'm naked."
"I don't think anyone saw you. But if they did, I'm sure they enjoyed the view."
Denise had groaned and then whimpered softly as she took the wrap off. Our lovemaking that evening had been hotter and heavier than normal.
*****
"Earth to Jim, Earth to Jim," I heard Katy say from far away. I snapped out of my memories with a start, a grin on my face.
"I don't know where he went but from that grin, I'd say there was sex involved," Kim said with a grin of her own.
"Not to mention a cruise ship," I said and both young women gave me a funny look. "It's a long story," I added as I opened the live well and got a shrimp from the bait bucket.
I baited the hook on my rod and made a long lob cast out past and to the left of the marker float. As the bait sank, I handed the rod to Katy. Once it hit bottom, I reached over and closed the bail on the reel.
"Now reel in as you lower the rod tip," I said as I picked up the rod belt that was hanging on my chair. I did not need it but the big rod was a handful for the young woman.
Katy did as I directed. "Now lift up slowly until you feel the sinker." She did that, the butt of the rod under her arm. I stepped over behind her and laid the rod belt out on the deck beside her feet.
She stepped into the loops and I pulled it up to her waist. I adjusted the straps to fit her, my hands brushing her bare hips and upper thighs as I did. Once it was tight, she grinned at me and shifted her hips back and forth.
"Kinky," she whispered.
I took the rod and inserted the ball on the butt into the socket on the belt. She put one hand on the rod and the other on the handle of the reel.
"Now reel down again." I told her.
"I've watched you do it," she said as she stopped reeling with the rod tip level with the water. Then she slowly lifted up dragging the bait slowly along the bottom. She paused with the rod straight up and reeled back down.
"This belt makes it a lot easier," she said as she lifted the rod again.
"You've got it," I said, my eyes on the way the muscles above her breasts moved and moved her small cone shaped breasts up and down. Her ass would move in small circles as she reeled.
"That looks like the mother of all strap-on," Kim said with a chuckle.
Katy glanced at her sister over her shoulder. "It needs to be just a little lower to feel right from my side."
I looked from one sister to the other as pictures of them playing with a strap-on flashed behind my eyes. My dick had twitched and firmed up as I watched Katy and now with these pictures, it was headed for hard-on city. I turned and opened the live well to distract myself. I grabbed two redfish and headed for the galley.
*****
One Snapper was cleaned when Kim said, "She's got the bait all the way in."
I dried my hands and walked out on the deck.
"I don't know how to cast it back out and I don't want to mess up the shrimp," Katy said. "Come show me how."
Taking the rod from her, I looked the shrimp over and said, "He's still alive so I'll cast him back out. When you lose him or catch a fish, I will teach you how to cast. I've only got so many left in the live well."
Katy nodded and I cast the shrimp back out. When I handed her the rod back, I noticed the socket on the belt was lower down than it had been before. I smiled as she gave a little jerk as the ball seated in the socket. I closed the bail and she reeled in the slack and the rod tip down.
As she lifted slowly, she shifted her hips from side to side slightly. "Much better," she whispered as she grinned at me.
Kim chuckled and said, "Leave it to my sister to find a way to get off while fishing."
"She better not lose my rod," I said giving Katy a hard look.
With a giggle, she reached over to the rail, got the safety cord, and clipped it to the reel. "How is that?" She asked.
I chuckled and nodded. "The rods safe but I'm not sure about you."
On my way past Kim, I said, "You might want to keep an eye on your sister."
"I always keep an eye on my sister. I especially like the way her little butt goes in circles when she reels the line in," was the reply I got.
Once again, like mother, like daughter, flashed through my brain but I did not say it. I just grinned as I returned to the galley.
*****
Denise was sitting up on the front deck and waved to me as I finished cleaning the second fish. I waved back with a large fillet. She grinned and pointed down between her legs. I laughed and then licked my lips several times. She laughed and shook her head as she lay down on her back.
Looking at me, she raised her legs high in the air and spread them wide several times. I licked my lips several more times and she laughed as she lowered her feet back to the deck. If the girls had not been with us, I would have been up on the front deck eating my fill of her sweet pussy.
With a sigh, I laid the fish aside and got the salad makings out of the fridge. As I was tossing the salad, Kim called me back out on the deck. As I tossed the shrimp back out to the same area, Katy said, "Maybe we should try somewhere else."
As I handed her the rod, I said, "Not really. The fish swim in circles around the junk on the bottom and keeping the bait moving slowly, attracts their attention."
"Kind of like my boobs and ass moving, keeps your attention," Katy said.
"And mine," Kim said with a grin.
"Something like that, but the idea is for the fish to bite the shrimp," I said.
"I'll nibble on her nipples, you bite her ass," Kim said with a laugh.
Katy shivered and looked around at her sister. "You do nibble nicely."
"So do you," Kim said and then sighed. "Maybe tonight after mom goes to bed we can get something going."
"We usually sleep here on the deck. It's a lot cooler than down below." I told them as a picture of them in a 69 flashed before my eyes. My dick was on the rise once again.
"So, we're going to mess up your sex," Katy said as she lifted the rod.
"Uh, something like that," I said softly.
"Maybe we'll try the bedroom for a couple of hours so we can both have a little private time," Kim said with a grin.
Katy was looking at me with the same grin. "I'll bet a picture of us in a 69 is running around in his head right this minute."
Kim nodded. "That'll get mom fucked long and hard tonight while we are actually in that position."
Katy shivered as she reeled the slack in. "This rod butt rubbing my clit through the leather of the belt has me more than primed," she said as her hips flexed back and forth several times.
My dick was making a tent in the front of my shorts by now.
Kim got out of her chair and walked over to where we were standing. She had her back to the cabin and was between the front deck and me. Her hand shot out suddenly and she wrapped her fingers around my cloth covered dick and gave it a squeeze.
"Damn that's hard," she whispered as she gave me another squeeze.
Katy took a step my way and grabbed my dick above where her sister had a grip. "Holy shit," she whispered a second later. "You were not kidding about mom getting fucked long and hard."
"Hey, you two...." I said quickly and tried to take a step back. Two hands gripped me tightly and I stopped trying to move.
"It would be a mouthful," Kim said with a giggle. "And there's no way it would fit in my ass."
Now I had alternating pictures of Kim sucking my dick and then on her hands and knees with her little round ass sticking up invitingly. "Ok, you guys are having way to much fun at my expense," I said quickly as I grabbed a wrist with each hand.
I pulled firmly but gently. Katy was the first to let go of my dick and then Kim did the same.
"Spoilsport," she whispered as she did.
"Spoilsport, your ass. Your mom would kill you both if she happened to see any of that or hear any of that, for that matter," I said with a frown.
Katy reeled the rod down and whispered, "He's right, you know."
"Yeah, but...." Kim said and then sighed. "I had to see what that thing was like since he won't take the shorts off."
"With the shorts off it would probably scare both of us," Katy said.
Kim giggled softly. "Probably is right."
Suddenly, Katy took a step forward and squealed loudly as the rod bent toward the rail sharply. I stepped over behind her and reached over her shoulder to grab the rod just above her hand. I gave the rod a sharp jerk to set the hook and then told her, "Pull back using your arm and back but don't reel yet. Let the rod do the work of wearing the fish out."
She pulled up and stepped back with her foot. She backed into me, her little round butt pressed against me, my hard-on pressed against her tailbone firmly. She gave a little jerk of surprise and then pressed her ass backwards again as the rod slowly came up.
When the rod was vertical, I said, "Now, lower the rod and reel at the same time. Try not to let any slack in your line. Don't go quite as low as you did earlier and then pull up again gently and don't reel."
Katy did as I said and gained some line on the fish. It made a run to the right that lost her some angle on the rod for a few seconds. She got that back and then reeled down again. As she lifted the rod, the fish made several side to side runs and the rod vibrated.
"What's going on," I heard Denise ask from behind me.
"Katy has a fish on," Kim said to her mother.
Katy groaned softly as the fish made another run and pushed her ass back against me as she tried to get away from the vibrations the rod was transferring to her clit as her body leaned forward.
I steadied the rod for her as her ass moved firmly against me again. My mind was more on what Denise might say about my ridged member and where it was at, than it was on the fish for a second or two. Then the fish broke water and everyone yelled excitedly.
It was the largest redfish of the day by far. It took another ten minutes to get the fish close to the boat. It was bigger than what I would normally keep. They had a fatty flavor when they were this big.
Normally, I would climb over on the swim platform and use a pair of pliers to release the fish but since this was Katy's first, I thought she might want a picture. I was sure her mother would. Looking over my shoulder at Denise, I was surprised to see she still had the tiny bikini bottom wrapped around her hand.
When she looked at me, I said, "Get my fish gloves out of the tackle drawer and get your camera."
As she hurried inside, I told Katy, "Keep the line tight but don't bring him in any farther until your mom gets the camera and my gloves."
The snapper was pretty much worn out and swimming on his side as I climbed over the rail. Denise hurried out of the cabin and over to the rail. She took a couple of pictures of the fish as I put the gloves on. The fingers and palms of the gloves had grip pads on them, which would help me hold the fish without hurting it.
Kneeling down, I said, "Pull him over this way slowly."
Katy pulled and the fish moved my way. As it got right next to the platform, I scooped with one hand and got a grip on the tail with the other. It did not struggle much but it was heavy as I stood up. Denise was happily snapping pictures as I held the fish up next to Katy. Katy had the rod in her hand and a big grin on her face.
I wasn't sure if the grin was for the fish or the fact that her mother was taking pictures of her topless. In any case few people would probably ever see the pictures if her mom had her way. Knowing the twins, as I had figured out in a short period of time, it would be just the opposite.
At least holding the fish and being away from Katy's ass, my dick had gone down somewhat. By the time, Denise used the pliers to remove the hook and I let the fish go, I was back to normal. When I climbed over the rail, I had three women hugging me, two mostly naked, and the third completely naked. Why Kim was hugging me, I was not sure but I wasn't about to ask.
As the hug broke up, Denise looked at Katy and said, "Good job. That's the biggest snapper I've ever seen."
Looking at me, she grinned and winked. "Good job of letting my daughter catch the big one."
"It was luck mom," Katy said as she looked at me and grinned. "Thanks," she said a moment later.
"Hey, I want to catch one," Kim said.
"Get the harness on," I said as I reached for the rod still in Katy's hand.
"Hey, who said I was finished fishing," she said to Kim.
Denise laughed and shook her head. "I would have said someone was crazy if they even hinted that either of my daughters might like fishing."
"Catching a fish can make or break a fisherman from the very start," I said with a grin. "I just happen to have a spare rod and reel around here somewhere."
"I'll get it and the spare rod belt," Denise said as she leaned in and gave me a quick kiss. As she leaned back she said, "Bait up Katy's pole, I won't be but a minute."
My eyes were on her naked butt as she walked into the cabin. Kim and Katy were looking at her also. Kim looked up at me and grinned. "I guess we can all get naked now."
I gave her a sharp look and shook my head before I turned to the live well and got out a shrimp. As I baited Katy's hook, I said, "I wouldn't push it for a little while. I don't think your mom realizes she forgot the bikini bottom yet."
Katy giggled as I cast the shrimp out. "It wasn't much of a bottom to forget."
As I handed her the rod, I said, "I hope you're talking about the bikini bottom because I find your mother butt to be very unforgettable."
"Thank you dear," I heard Denise say from behind me.
I turned with a grin on my face to be met by one on her face. "Yeah, I forgot to put the bottoms back on."
My eyes dropped to the patch of blonde hair on her mound. Otherwise, her pussy was shaved smooth and gleamed with tanning oil. My eyes returned to her face and I licked my lips.
She chuckled and held out the rod and belt to me. "You help the girls and I'll finish supper."
I made a growling sound, which made Denise laugh as she turned to walk toward the cabin and the galley. With a sigh, I turned around and then froze. Kim was standing there as naked as her mother had been, right down to the shaved pussy and the small patch of blonde hair on her mound.
With a grin at the shocked expression on my face, she turned around slowly and looked at me over her shoulder. "You are going to help me with the belt thingy aren't you?"
Katy laughed as I leaned the rod against the rail and bent over to lay out the rod harness. Kim stepped into the leg openings and I pulled it up. I tightened the waist strap and then moved the socket down until it was centered on her clit. Holding it there, I tightened the leg straps. When it was tight, I patted the socket several times sharply.
Kim made a gasping sound each time my fingers hit the socket, her hips jerking back and forth. Standing up, I retrieved the rod and saw Katy staring at me. I grinned and opened the live well.
With the shrimp in place, I tossed Kim's line out near where I had sent Katy's bait. As it fell to bottom, I reached around Kim and seated the ball on the butt of the rod into the socket. I rocked it up and down and from side to side several times before placing her one hand on the rod and the other on the handle of the reel.
As I flipped the bail closed, I said, "You can take up the slack now."
Kim reeled the rod tip down and lifted until the slack was gone. As she reeled down again she whimpered softly. "Maybe you should move that socket a little higher."
"Oh no, it's in just the right spot," I replied with a grin. "And I hope you catch a big fish like your sister did. Of course, she had a little cloth padding to help her out."
Kim groaned softly as she lifted the rod and moved the bait. Katy giggled as she lifted her bait out of the water. "Yeah, when that big fish made those runs back and forth, all I could think of was that little vibrator in your top drawer," she said to her sister.
There was another groan from Kim. "Now you tell me," she whispered sharply.
I cast Katy's bait back out and handed her the rod. She smiled at me as she seated it in the socket. "Things are going to be so much more fun from now on," she said as the smile turned to a grin.
*****
Kim caught a mackerel and a small snapper. Katy caught two nice snappers before I made them change sides, putting Kim closer to the junk pile. Even though they worked two more casts apiece before Denise called us in for supper, neither caught another fish.
*****
Denise eyed Kim closely as she washed her hands for supper but did not say anything about her being nude. Katy went downstairs to use the restroom and didn't have her bottoms on when she came back. Denise gave her a hard look and then sighed. I sighed also. There would not be any harsh words over the girls being naked.
On another note, it was instantly obvious where the difference was between the sisters now. Katy just had her pubic hair trimmed short and not shaven. I was the only one with clothes on as we sat down to eat. I was also making bets with myself on who would be the first one to mention it. Deep down, I was hoping it would be Denise.
We ate in silence for a while and then Denise asked Kim, "So how do you like fishing now that you've caught fish?"
"A lot more fun that I thought it would be," her daughter replied.
Denise looked from one daughter to the other for a minute or so as she continued to eat. Then she asked, "So, how do you like running around nude in front of me and Jim?"
"Interesting and kind of exciting," Katy replied softly.
"Yeah," Kim said and then added, "For some reason I feel shyer around you than I do him."
"It's the mom thing," I said as I looked from Kim to her mom and then back. "She's always been the authority figure and still is."
Kim nodded and Katy smiled before she said, "She's mom and always will be."
"Why do I have the feeling I've mess up this weekend completely," Denise whispered as she looked from one daughter to the other and then over at me.
"You can't put the horse back in the barn once you've rode him to town," I said with a smile.
Kim and Katy giggled and Denise looked at me as if I was crazy. "What?" she said and then chuckled. "You've had too much sun or to many naked ladies around. Your brain is fried."
"And speaking of naked," all three of them said at once. They looked at each other quickly and then laughed.
"He started all this by bringing you out here and getting you used to being naked," Kim said to her mom.
"So how come he's the only one with clothes on?" Katy asked.
Denise looked at me and raised her eyebrows questioningly. "They have a point," she said and then grinned.
"Hey, I'm happy with my shorts on," I said quickly.
Denise looked around at her daughters grinning faces. "You may be a lot safer that way," she said with a shake of her head and a soft chuckle.
"Out of sight and out of mind," I said to no one in particular. All three women shook their heads. I sighed and wiggled out of the shorts still sitting down. When they hit the floor, I kicked the out from under the table.
"Now, are you happy?" I asked with a grin on my face.
Both of the twins nodded their heads briskly and Denise frowned and whispered, "I'll have to get back to you on that one."
*****
The talk was on fishing one minute and tanning oil the next. Katy was pink across her shoulders and the upper portions of her breasts. Both girls had fairly good tans and faint tan lines. When Denise asked about that, the girls talked about the tanning beds at a spa near school.
My mind was on the twins in the cabin below later, while Denise and I made sweet love on the deck when I realized someone had called my name twice. I looked around quickly. All three women were looking at me. The twins were smiling and Denise had a puzzled look on her face.
"Uh, sorry, I seemed to have zoned out there for a minute."
"More like ten," Katy said with a chuckle.
"I'm going to get a shower while the girls clean up the galley. I figured you would need to supervise since they have never worked a galley on a boat before," Denise said as she stood up.
"No problem," I replied as I stood up. Then I realized there was a problem as the twins giggled and Denise's mouth dropped open. My dick was standing up hard and proud against my lower belly.
"Uh.... Well..." I stammered for a second and then said, "Shit happens with three naked ladies around."
The twins laughed and Denise looked at them sharply. Looking back at me, she said, "Maybe you should help me with my shower and I'll clean the galley later."
"Go mom!" Katy said with a laugh.
"Get you some," Kim said at about the same time with a laugh of her own.
Denise looked at her daughters quickly and then blushed deeply as she realized how what she had said sounded. "Not like that," she protested and then blushed again.
Kim looked at Katy and shook her head. "Mom blushes, who would have thunk it."
"You'd think she didn't know that we know about sex," Katy replied.
Denise looked at her daughters with wide eyes as her mouth worked but nothing came out. Then she closed her mouth quickly and whispered, "I don't want to know. I'm not going to ask. You guys clean the galley, I'm going to take a shower."
"With or without Jim?" Kim asked with a grin.
Looking at Katy, Denise asked, "Can you really hold her while I spank her ass?"
Katy giggled and whispered in reply, "It wouldn't take much holding if you get my meaning."
Denise rolled her eyes and headed down the steps to the lower deck. "That's about what I figured," she said to no one in particular. Her daughters both laughed.
*****
The girls did not need much supervision except on water usage since the boat had a limited supply of fresh water. That also made Kim look at her sister with a big grin. "That means we should shower together, right?" She asked me.
I grinned right back at her. "I have no problem with it but you might want to wait until your mom is distracted or at least out on deck."
Katy looked at Kim and whispered, "I've liked him in the past but he's just getting better as we go along."
Kim nodded as she brushed past me to bend over and put the leftover fish in the icebox. Her upturned ass was just inches from my dick and her plump little pussy was peeking at me. The area around her anus was light brown and had small indents in each ass cheek above it. Needless to say, my dick was in no mood to go down.
As she returned to the galley to bag the trash, I said, "Separate the food from the trash. Trash in the bag and food in one of those large bowls under the sink."
She was getting one of the bowls when I asked, "So you like anal sex?"
Katy laughed and Kim shivered hard as she blushed lightly. "Uh... yeah, I do but I've never tried the other."
I looked at Katy questioningly.
She blushed also and whimpered softly. "I... uh... yeah, but I like the other better."
To change the subject, Kim asked, "What do I do with the trash?"
"The trash goes in the box under the sink and the food bowl goes on the bottom shelf of the ice box. We'll feed the sharks on the way in tomorrow."
"Sharks!" Katy said sharply, her eyes wide. "Can we watch them feed?"
"Sure, if we don't have to wait too long for one to show up." I told her.
"Cool!" Both girls said at the same time and then laughed.
Kim bent at the waist to put the trash under the sink and Katy did the same to put the scraps bowl on the bottom shelf of the icebox. Both had their cute little asses pointed straight at me. Both had their feet shoulder width apart so I was getting a full view of their sexes and their light brown assholes. I kept licking my lips as I thought about a feeding frenzy of my own.
Katy grinned at me from between her legs and wiggled her ass from side to side. "Speaking of feeding a shark," she whispered with a giggle.
Kathy looked at me the same way and whimpered softly. "Uh huh."
I grinned and licked my lips. "The only one in danger is your mother so straighten up and lets get things finished."
Both young women sighed as they straightened up. Then Katy giggled and looked at her sister. "He doesn't know us very well does he?"
"Nope," Kathy replied with a grin.
Katy turned around and leaned against the icebox door, she moved her feet a half step to each side and ran her hand over her sex. Katy turned, leaned on the counter, spread her feet wider apart, and rubbed her sex lightly. With a whimper, Katy whispered, "I'm so slippery and wet."
"You don't know the half of it," Kathy replied.
The sound of a door opening and closing below decks jerked both girl's upright and their hands away from their sexes. Katy giggled and stuck her fingers in her mouth. Kathy groaned softly as she looked me in the eyes as she did the same.
There were footsteps on the stairs and both girls turned around quickly.
Denise's head appeared a moment later. She looked around and said, "Looks like a job well done."
"They're getting the hang of it," I said in return.
Denise walked past me and opened the icebox door. She bent at the waist and got a beer. Her ass was pointed in my direction, her anus and plump pussy on display just like her daughters had been earlier. I licked my lips and she grinned at me from between her legs.
Straightening up, she opened the beer, and laid the cap on the counter. She took a sip and then looked at me. "Why don't you get your shower and join me on the rear deck."
"That sounds like a plan to me," I replied as I stood up. "It's been a long hard day."
All three women were looking at my ridged dick as I walked to the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, I heard Denis laugh and her two daughters joined in a moment later. All was well, I thought as I opened the shower and got in.
As I showered, my mind kept jumping from three women bent over at the waist to the twins showering together. My hand kept wandering to my hard dick. Jacking off, a blowjob, or coming deep in Denise's warm wet pussy kept fighting for position in my mind also. I decided to wait.
*****
When I came up the stairs, the girls were sitting at the table close together and whispering. As I reached the top of the stairs, they both looked at my hard dick. Katy grinned and Kim frowned and said, "You win."
Katy laughed and shook her head. "Nope. Mom will be the winner one way or the other."
I shook my had and whispered, "Nope. We'll both win. It's a no lose situation."
"Don't we know it," Katy said as she looked at her sister and winked.
"Shower time," Kim said and stood up.
Katy grinned up at her and then stood up.
They had an arm around each other as they went down the stairs.
I chuckled as I snagged two beers out of the icebox. My movie of the two of them in the shower was replaying in my mind. I was wondering how closely it would match the real thing as I walked out on the rear deck.
Denise was sitting in a lounge chair in the corner of the deck. She had her feet on the deck on each side of the chair. Even in the dim light from the cabin, I could see her sex was wet and shiny looking.
"Have you been playing with yourself?" I asked as I handed her a beer.
She grinned up at me and nodded. "I was just keeping it warm and juicy for you."
"Uh huh," I said as I squatted down at the end of the chair. "The girls are in the shower."
"Together?" Denis asked quickly.
"Something about saving water," I replied with a wink.
Denis groaned and shook her head. "I don't really want to know." She groaned again. "I do but I don't."
"I guess I could loan you the movie that keeps playing in my head but that would only be my fantasies leaking through." I told her.
Denis looked up at me with a lopsided grin. "I already have one of those but it stars me and my older sister."
"Kinky," I said as I leaned over and took a deep breath with my nose just above her sex.
She took a little gasping breath as my tongue traced the edge of one outer lip. She whimpered as I traced the other lip. I lifted my head and looked up at her face. "How many licks will it take?"
"Not... not very many," she whispered back as her hips rolled upward.
I ran my hands under her ass and lifted even more. She gasped loudly as I rammed my tongue into her hot slippery depths and then she groaned long and loud as I swirled it around. Her sweet and spicy flavor filled my mouth. When her hands moved to her breasts to squeeze and massage them, I move upward to lick and suck on her clit.
A dozen or so licks later, her hips quivered and began to jerk and flex. She was there and in record time. I gave her a few more licks before descending to feast on the nectar of the gods. My tongue once again buried in her pussy.
A few minutes later, Denise pushed on my forehead. "God, that was quick," she whispered a moment later.
I rocked back on my heels and lowered her ass back to the chair. "The movie or running around naked in front of your daughters?"
She shivered. "A little of both and them being so open and free."
I laughed and she opened her eyes to look at me questioningly. "The open and free part. They love teasing me as often as possible. Like mother, like daughters."
"Uh huh," Denise said and then grinned. "Like me bending over to get that beer earlier."
"Exactly the same way, only there are two of them doing it."
Denise shook her head and whispered, "Poor baby."
"I'll poor baby your ass," I said and then grinned as she nodded her head quickly.
"Would you please?"
"The way you yell, when I do? I don't think so. One of them would be calling the coast guard."
Denise looked thoughtful for a second and then shivered. "I wonder if they...." She let the sentence hang as I nodded my head.
Her eyes got big but before she could ask anything, I said, "Six holes and only one hole is virgin. Or so I'm told."
She groaned and shook her head. "Too much information," she whispered and then looked at me and asked, "One is still a virgin?"
"Only in the front," I replied. "They both say they love anal, just like you."
With a groan, Denis whispered, "Kim?"
"The one and only virgin on this boat according to her."
"They... they talk that freely in front of you?" she asked a moment later.
"It's a try and shock the boyfriend thing."
"How are they, uh, doing at that?"
I laughed and replied, "Pretty good at first but I got over it."
"No wonder your dick is staying so hard."
I shook my head and chuckled. "Three beautiful naked ladies have nothing to do with it."
Denise shivered and sat up straighter in her chair. "Point taken."
I stood up and her eyes went to my hard dick. She licked her lips and then squirmed in the chair. "Decisions, decisions. Do I want that in my mouth or in my pussy?"
"The first would be quick and painless but you would have to wait a little while if you want both," I said as I wiggled my hips from side to side. My dick swayed as I did.
"Greedy," she whispered and then laughed. "But then again, so am I."
"The girls said they were going to play, I mean, stay down below for a while and give us some privacy."
Denise's eyes jumped to my face and she frowned for a second. Then she shook her had and sighed. "Those two scare me sometimes. Most of the time."
I grinned and nodded. "Twins can be spooky."
"Just how many twins do you know?" she asked cocking her head over to the side.
"Uh, I think I'm going to refuse to answer that on the grounds that it will get me in trouble."
Denise laughed and whispered, "Swap places with me and I'll show you trouble."
When she stood up, I gathered her into my arms and kissed the hell out of her. She moaned and kissed me back as she moved forward to press her body tightly to mine. My hard dick felt hot pressed between our bodies. She moaned again and rocked her hips from side to side.
Breaking the kiss, she pushed me back and turned us around. "Sit!" she said sharply.
I was only too happy to comply as now I was on eyelevel with her pussy. I leaned forward and licked her mound. She whimpered softly and pushed her hips forward. A few moments later, she shuffled one foot and then the other forward. Her legs spread wide as she straddled the lounge chair.
Leaning back, I could now tease her clit and her slit. She whimpered and moved farther forward, pushing me back even more. My tongue explored her hot wet opening. She groaned as my tongue entered her. A moment later, her hands pushed against my forehead. "Lay down so I can sit down before I fall down."
I leaned back on my elbows and asked, "Which end are you going to sit on?"
She grinned down at me as she squatted slowly and lifted my dick straight up. "I'll give you two guesses."
I didn't need either one as she sat down, her tight wet sex swallowing my manhood to the max in one long slow movement. We both groaned long and loud until her ass settled on my hips. "I am so wet," she whispered as she rocked her hips back and forth. I could hear squishing noises coming from between us.
"Hot and tight, also," I whispered.
She shivered and rocked her hips faster. "This won't take long either," she whispered quickly as her clit rubbed on my pelvic bone.
From the way her tightly clenched pussy was rubbing the length of my shaft, it wouldn't be long for me either. As it was, I went off just as she moaned loudly and leaned forward to lay on top of me. Her hips still flexed and jerked, which rubbed the head of my dick deliciously.
A few minutes after her hips stopped moving. She sighed deeply and whispered, "The world is once again right where it should be."
I nodded, my cheek rubbing against her hair. "And our timing is perfect as always."
She sighed, nodded and kissed me on the shoulder.
*****
I was almost asleep with the warmth of the body on top of me when Denise pushed up on her elbows and kissed me softly on the lips. "I guess we should clean up our mess and make our bed."
I nodded as I ran my hands up and down her back slowly. She smiled and sat up on me. Then she got a funny look on her face and wiggled her hips. I could feel my hard manhood moving inside her. "You're still hard?" It was a question more so than an accusation.
"It would seem so," I replied as I lifted my hips under her, my dick moving a little deeper in her slippery tightness.
"You did come, right?"
I chuckled and whispered, "When I pull the cork you better have a life preserver handy."
She wiggled her hips and we could both hear the squishing noises coming from our connection. "It must be the salt air," she whispered and then grinned.
"More like three naked women running around flashing the goodies. Not to mention the one sitting on my lap whose inner muscles keep grabbing me and squeezing tightly every time my dick even thinks about going soft."
She whimpered as she rocked forward and pushed up with her legs. Half my dick came out of her pussy before she sat back down hard with a moaning grunt. Her sex had grabbed me as she rose up and seemed even tighter as she sat down. She rocked her hips slowly and whimpered again.
"Are you up for seconds," I asked.
She shivered hard and nodded. "Up for them yes but where are the girls?"
I lifted my hips and she rocked forward, lifted up a little higher than the first time and sat down even harder. The moaning grunt at the bottom was even louder. She groaned as she rocked her hips back and forth as I held my hips tightly against her. A moment later, she started to bounce up and down on my lap. My dick moved in and out of her sopping wet sex with loud squishing noises as her ass slapped loudly against my thighs. All thoughts of the twins lost in her growing passion.
Usually when Denise came it was with a drawn out groan or a whimpering moan, but this time she yelled loudly and rocked back and forth on my lap frantically rubbing her clit against my pelvic bone. Her inner muscles had a death grip on my shaft as a hot flow went down along it. She was coming harder than I had ever seen her come before. I held her tightly and rocked slowly back and forth.
*****
Sometime later, we were still sitting like before. My dick was still hard but her inner grip had relaxed some. Her breathing was back close to normal. She had her head on my shoulder and I had mine on hers. Movement at the top of the stairs caught my eye. One of the twins was peeking over the top step. I waved them back with a slow movement of my hand. A grin spread across her face and she disappeared from sight.
A few moments later, Denise sighed and lifted her head. She leaned back and grinned at me. "Who knew your kids could be good for your sex life," she whispered and then looked around at the cabin. Not seeing the girls, she looked back at me. "There won't be any water left if they are still in the shower."
"I told you they were going to give us some space. They're probably in the bow bedroom." I told her.
She giggled, which was totally out of character for her. "I hope the door is closed because we're going to need another shower."
I gave her a confused look as to why that would be a problem and she chuckled. "If you think the mess was going to be bad earlier, it's twice as bad now. Your lap's already a mess and I figure I'll have stuff running down the insides of both thighs when I stand up. That is if I can stand up."
I chuckled and nodded slowly. "Don't make me carry you. I'm not sure I could do it in the shape I'm in."
She cocked her head slightly to the side as she asked, "Did you come again?"
"Sort of. You pretty much drained things the first time but you more than made up for it the second." I told her about the hot flow around my shaft when she came.
Denise groaned and rocked her hips slowly back and forth. The squishy sounds were loud and clear. She giggled and stood up quickly. She was right, my lap was a mess. As she backed up a few steps, I could see a cloudy liquid seeping out of her vagina.
As she got her legs closed, she whimpered softly and rocked her hips from side to side. She whimpered louder. "I'm so wet and slippery."
I grinned at her as I stood up. "The twins were only naked for a few hours this evening. Think about what tomorrow will be like with them naked all day."
Denis's eyes went wide and then she chuckled as she grabbed my semi hard dick with her left hand. She ran her hand up and down it several times. It was as wet and slippery as her sex. She grinned and headed for the stairs leading me by my convenient handle.
"We'll worry about tomorrow, tomorrow. I'm not through with tonight yet."
I chuckled and followed along willingly. "We'll have to remember to bring towels back with us. Lots of towels."
"You've got that right. I'm moving our sleeping area to the front deck."
"Oh yeah?" I asked as we started down the stairs.
She nodded. "There's a couple of places you've missed and I plan on getting them both filled."
As she opened the bathroom door, the stateroom door across the way opened and the twins peeked out. "How's it coming, mom?" One of them asked.
"It's came twice and the night is still young," she replied as she led me into the bathroom. She turned and grinned at her daughters. "You guys can make you a bed on the aft deck, Jim and I will take the forward one."
One of the girls giggled and said, "Get you some, mom."
"I already did and I plan on getting even more," Denise said as she closed the bathroom door.
*****
That's a hot summer weekend I'll never forget.