We were all up early to catch the limo to the airport. Our cruise didn't leave until the next day, but you never know what the weather might be in Chicago in the winter. So if you NEED to be somewhere by a certain date in the winter, you NEED to go a day early in case your flight is delayed or cancelled.
When I saw Chloe in the morning, she had a sly smile on her face.
"Sleep well last night?" I asked.
"Mm hm," she said. "Best I've slept in a while. Don't know why, but I was exhausted and fell asleep quickly."
"Huh," I said. "Me too."
Since Morgan wasn't around, we both had a secret chuckle. She was wearing grey yoga pants and a light blue, long-sleeve, stretchy mock turtleneck. The clothes showed off her hot body perfectly.
The limo driver texted that he was in the driveway, so I rolled out the suitcases for him to put in the trunk while everyone put on light jackets. We didn't want to take bulky winter coats, and, since we were getting into a warmed-up car, we just wore light jackets which were easier to pack once we got to Miami.
We piled into the limo and headed to the airport. Fortunately, we hadn't had any snow in over a week, so traffic on the highway - and at the airport - was minimal. We zipped through security without any issues and stopped at the Starbucks to grab coffee and a light breakfast.
Chloe offered to sit in the middle seat, since Morgan was hoping for the window so she could lean against it to sleep; I sat in the aisle. Of course, ever since we left the house, Chloe and I acted very normally and naturally toward each other, not wanting to give Morgan any hints that we had slept together the previous night. I didn't even check out Chloe's body - well, not too much. I DID notice her wonderful breasts as we were accelerating down the runway. As the plane vibrated as it sped up, I couldn't help but notice her breasts bouncing up and down with the bumps of the wheels. Okay, I guess I'm officially a pervert.
The flight was uneventful, and we grabbed an Uber to the hotel. After a quick lunch, the girls wanted to hit the pool. We agreed to meet there in twenty minutes.
The pool was fairly crowded. There were a lot of families with young kids but also a lot of college-aged kids - some with their families and some on their own. As much as I liked seeing all the college women in their bikinis, there were also quite a few moms who were my age who looked good. But when Morgan and Chloe walked through the door, my eyes were glued to Chloe. Even thought I had seen her naked, I really enjoyed looking at her in her very sexy, red bikini. There were lots of straps - both on the top and the bottom - and the "peek-a-boo" effect worked really well.
I had grabbed a couple of loungers for them, so they came over and dropped their stuff. First Morgan asked me to put suntan lotion on her back, which I was happy to do as a father helping her daughter. When Chloe asked me to put some on her back, it felt different. Rubbing the lotion into her back, gently massaging her muscles as I did, was much more exciting. Just touching her got me excited, knowing what her suit was hiding. I heard a few groans from Chloe as I rubbed, which got me more excited.
If she and I were alone on a balcony, I would have done more than just rub lotion on her back. But since we were at a public pool, with Morgan, I stuck to the requested job of protecting her back from the sun. When I was done, Chloe turned her head and said thank you. Since she was facing away from Morgan, she also puckered her lips as she quietly kissed the air. I smiled as I returned to my lounger.
After a half hour, Chloe turned over onto her back. I would have offered to rub sun block on her front, but I didn't think that would go over well. Instead, I watched as she rubbed it on her belly, her neck and shoulders, and the top of her boobs which were sticking out of her swimsuit. When she rubbed her breasts, she again looked at me and smiled; she knew exactly what I was thinking.
After another hour, I stood up.
"I think I'm going to go for a run. Make sure you guys don't get burned," I said.
"Oh, that sounds like a great idea. Mind if I join you?" Chloe asked.
"Of course not. Always more fun to run with others. How about you, Morgan. You up for a run?"
Morgan groaned.
"You know what I like about running?" she asked. "Nothing! You guys have fun. I'm staying here a little while longer."
"Okey dokey - be that way," Chloe said while chuckling. "I'll change and stop by your room on the way down," she said to me.
"Okay. See you in 10."
I went to my room and changed into running shorts and a sweat-wicking t-shirt. I grabbed two bottles of water out of the mini fridge when Chloe knocked on the door. I opened it and she walked in, wearing navy running shorts and a light grey sports bra.
"Rather than run," she said, "I'd rather go for a ride."
I looked at her a little confused.
"Do they have bikes to rent?" I asked.
"No, silly," she said as she walked toward me. "I want to ride this."
With her last word, she put her hand on my dick and squeezed while smiling at me.
"Ahhh," I said, "I think I can arrange that."
I pulled her against me as I simultaneously place my lips on hers and one hand on her breast. We kissed slowly, taking turns thrusting our tongues into one mouth or the other. I gently squeezed her breast as we kissed. It didn't take long for her nipples or my dick to get hard. I broke away and pulled off my t-shirt. Chloe followed by pulling off her sports bra. I pulled her to me again, grinding my dick against as we continued kissing, still slowly albeit getting more hurried by the minute. I loved feeling her breasts and hard nipples against my bare chest.
I slipped one hand into her shorts and caressed her ass, pulling her even harder against me. My other hand continued on her breast, now frequently pinching her nipples. Her whimpers only encouraged me. I opened a space between us just wide enough to slip my hand into her shorts and into her panties. I cupped her entire vulva while pressing my middle finger between her wet lips.
"Mmmmm. You get me so wet," she whispered between kisses.
I removed my mouth from hers as I knelt on the floor. I unceremoniously pulled down her shorts and panties together. I placed a soft kiss on her mound.
I pulled back the bedspread and pulled down the blanket and top sheet.
"Sit at the edge, please," I directed.
As soon as she sat, I knelt in front of her. I took one breast in my mouth and covered the other with my hand. I flicked my tongue over her nipple, occasionally squeezing my lips tightly over it, while I softly caressed her other breast. After a couple of minutes, I asked her to lay back. I pulled her legs forward until her ass was at the edge of the bed, and I put one leg over each of my shoulders.
I looked at the beautiful sight for just a second before giving a series of small kisses along her slit, from the bottom to the top. I repeated the motion, this time giving a short lick after each kiss. The third time, I dispensed with the kisses and just slowly ran my tongue from her opening straight up between her lips, stopping before her clit. I repeated this several times, enjoying Chloe's increasing wetness and quiet whines. I took each of her lips into my mouth, one at a time, and gently flicked my tongue over them. Chloe often twitched when I hit a good spot.
After a few minutes of repeating this process, I pushed my tongue into her pussy as far as I could, bringing a sweet cry from Chloe. I moved it in and out, enjoying her taste and her increasing whimpers. After a bit, I removed my tongue and inserted my middle finger into her, bringing an even louder cry. I finger fucked her for a minute, making sure to tap on her G-spot every few seconds. Chloe's eyes were shut tightly, and she was thrusting into my finger each time I pushed in.
Without removing my finger, I leaned forward and licked straight up over her clit, bringing the loudest cry yet. I smiled to myself knowing that I was giving her such pleasure. I continued licking up like this, listening to Chloe's moans. When I switched to flicking her clit left to right, she screamed.
"YES! YES! RIGHT THERE! RIGHT THERE!"
Okay, I thought, I think I've found it. I didn't change a thing, moving my finger at exactly the same rate as I tapped on her G-spot and licking her clit in the exact same manner at the exact same speed. Chloe was whimpering over and over, getting louder and louder. Her hands were clutching and releasing the sheet over and over as she continued thrusting her pelvis into my face. Suddenly, both hands wrapped around my head and pulled me hard against her as she cried out and thrust her body forcibly against me. She kept pumping into me as she quietly grunted with each spasm as her orgasm shot through her entire body.
When she finally finished, her body went limp. She lay motionless on the bed except for slow, quiet, deep breaths. I was surprised by how quickly she seemed to recover as she opened her eyes. I removed her legs from my shoulders, and she slightly lifted her head to look at me. A sweet smile spread across her face.
"Shit, you are very good at that!" she said with a chuckle.
I smiled, enjoying the compliment.
"I'm glad you liked it. I really enjoy doing that to you."
"Well, I really like HAVING you do that to me! Guess that makes us a good combination," she said laughing. "Now about that ride I wanted to take..."
"Oh, yeah," I said. "If I remember correctly, you wanted to be the rider, and I was supposed to be 'the ridee', right?"
Chloe laughed.
"Un huh. Lie down, please."
I got up off the floor and walked over to my suitcase, where I pulled out a condom. I never would have thought to pack these if not for our activity the previous night. I walked over to the bed and pulled off my running shorts and underwear. I lay on my back and laid the condom next to me.
Chloe knelt between my legs and wrapped her hand around my dick, which had softened from the hard state it was in when I was eating her out. I expected her to stroke my dick, but she surprised me by lowering her head and placing my dick into her mouth. She twirled her tongue around the head, which felt terrific; I quickly returned to full hardness. Chloe spent just a few more seconds with the tip of my dick in her mouth while she stroked the entire shaft. She released my dick as she sat up straight and grabbed the condom, which she opened and rolled down my dick.
She put one knee next to me and placed the foot of her other leg on the opposite side of me, lifting herself up. She grabbed my dick and rubbed it between her lips a couple of times, Then she put it against her opening and lowered herself down, now straddling me on both knees. With her eyes closed, she slowly rocked back and forth, rather that up and down, rubbing her clit against my body. She squeezed her pelvic floor muscles at a slow rhythm, gripping my dick each time. Her rocking motion provided only slight movement of my shaft within her, but the combination of this slight movement, her vaginal opening pushing against my shaft as she rocked, and her pelvic floor squeezes felt incredible.
I reached up and cupped both of her breasts. I gently caressed one while I squeezed and pulled on the nipple of the other. Chloe let out a quiet moan. Then I reversed, gently caressed the one where I had pulled her nipple and instead pulling her other nipple. Again, there was a quiet moan. I wasn't sure if she even cared about the soft caresses or if she only liked the nipple play, but, either way, she seemed to like it. I continued this, reversing breasts back and forth, as Chloe started moving a little faster.
She was still rocking, but she was moving harder. Suddenly, she started lifting herself up and dropping down onto me, greatly increasing the friction between us. I put my hands under her ass to help lift her up, and as she dropped down, I thrust my pelvis into her. We were both breathing faster as her pussy slid up and down, still gripping my shaft with her muscles each time she lifted up.
After a couple of minutes, Chloe seemed to be getting desperate. She was bouncing with reckless abandon, grunting and whining with each stroke. My own excitement was building up, and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. I knew Chloe was getting close, but I wanted to make sure I didn't come before she was ready. I removed both hands from her ass. One went to her nipple to pinch and pull, since I knew she liked that. The other reached forward and quickly stroked her clit left to right, just like I knew she liked it. When I first touched her clit, she yelped.
I didn't think I couldn't hold out much longer. Suddenly, I heard Chloe.
"OH! OH! OH!"
She threw her head back as she arched her back and shoved her pelvis forward. She stopped moving up and down, but her pussy squeezed my dick hard. The second squeeze started my own orgasm, and I thrust up hard into her with each shot of cum. I tried to keep pinching her nipples and rubbing her clit, but it was hard to remember to move my hands, as most of my body froze except for my thrusting pelvis and shooting dick.
As my orgasm quickly ended, I was alert enough to continue helping Chloe extend hers. Again, I worked on her nipples and clit, and it seemed to help her keep going. Twenty or thirty seconds later, she fell forward and collapsed on me. I wrapped my arms around her, hugging her as tightly as I could.
I suddenly opened my eyes, realizing I had fallen asleep for just a couple of minutes. When I moved, Chloe opened her eyes. Apparently, she, too, had dozed off. I slipped my hand between us to grab the condom, and she rolled off of me. I removed the condom and tossed it in the garbage can. I grabbed a bunch of tissues off the nightstand and wiped my dick. Then I pulled Chloe back on top of me; I loved feeling her naked body against mine.
After just a minute of cuddling, she lifted her head, gave me a soft kiss, and got up.
"I've got to back to the room. Morgan's going to think we got kidnapped on our run."
I nodded, realizing she was right. She put on her clothes and walked into the bathroom. When she came out, I saw wet spots on her sports bra and shorts.
"What happened?" I asked.
Chloe smiled. "Simulated sweat. Gotta look like I'm coming back from a run."
I laughed at her advanced planning.
"If she asks," Chloe continued, "we went out the front door, crossed the street, turned left, and just ran along the sidewalk, with the beach to our right."
"Got it," I said. "Do we have secret names we used? A secret code? If she asks too many questions, do we just have to drug her and take her to our hideout?"
Chloe laughed.
"Let's hope it doesn't come to that," she said. "I gotta go."
I was still naked as she hugged me, gave me one last kiss, and walked out.
We hadn't even made it to the ship, and I was already loving this cruise!
The next morning, we grabbed a late breakfast at the hotel. Around 1:00, we took a taxi to the pier. As the taxi drove into the dock area, Chloe was wide-eyed, as are most people the first time they're up close near a cruise ship. Until you see them, you just can't imagine how big they are (and are usually amazed that they actually float).
Because of the category of our cabins, we got to use the expedited check-in lines. The process went smoothly, and we were quickly walking up a bunch of winding ramps until we reached the gangplank. After entering the ship and walking through a short hallway, we were in the center of the ship. This was a new ship, and the giant atrium was beautiful. Chloe gasped when she first saw it. Before we took two steps, we were offered champaign, mimosas, or a Bloody Mary. I grabbed a mimosa; both girls grabbed champaign. We agreed we'd each check out our cabins and meet back by the Passenger Services desk in 20 minutes to check out the buffet.
I found my cabin pretty quickly and walked in. It was quite nice - certainly plenty big for one person. The girls had the same-size cabin, although my bed was made up as a king size and theirs would have the two twin beds separated. I walked out on the balcony, which was larger than I expected. I walked up to the railing and saw a guy at the railing on the next balcony.
"Hey there," he said.
"Hi. I'm Jeremy," I said.
"Hi. I'm Marty," he replied, extending his hand. We shook hands in the gap at the end of the frosted glass partition between the balconies. Marty was a fairly tall guy, I guessed early 30s, and he looked like he went to the gym three times a day.
We exchanged a few pleasantries and chatted for about 10 minutes. Suddenly, he said, "Hold on. My wife will want to meet the guy next door."
He opened the sliding door.
"Molly, come meet our neighbor."
After a couple of seconds, Molly walked out. She was an attractive woman.
"Molly, this is Jeremy."
Molly walked over to the end of the partition, extended her hand, and gave me strong handshake.
"Nice to meet you, Jeremy," she said, with a huge, welcoming smile.
"Nice to meet you, too, Molly."
I know it's ridiculous, but for just a couple of seconds, as we shook hands, I felt like Molly was checking me out. Her eyes seemed to roll down my body before returning to my eyes. I ignored any implications, and we spoke briefly.
"I've got to go meet my daughter and her friend on deck. Really nice meeting both of you," I said.
"VERY nice meeting you," Molly said.
I was confused by her emphasis on the word 'very'... she said it the way you might say it to someone famous, not the guy in the next cabin. But, again, I assumed I was reading something into nothing.
Before I turned to go back inside, Molly continued.
"We really should get a drink later so we can get to know you better."
"Uh, sure," I said. "That sounds great."
I met Morgan and Chloe, and we caught the elevators up to the buffet. We had only been on the ship for 30 minutes, but that seemed long enough to switch to CEM - Cruise Eating Mode. Once in CEM, you never go more than thirty minutes without consuming SOME kind of food.
The buffet was spectacular, and Chloe was definitely experiencing sensory overload. She couldn't believe the varieties of food, breads, and desserts. We each filled our plates as if we hadn't eaten in a week, and we found a table outside. Morgan said their room was perfect, and both girls once again thanked me for taking them on the trip.
That evening, as we sat down for our first real meal in the dining room, I couldn't help but laugh at Chloe's constant chatter about all of the amenities on the ship. As usual, the food was fantastic. When Chloe couldn't make up her mind on which of two desserts to try, I told her to order both. She was shocked she could do that, and Morgan made fun of her. Overall, we had a lovely dinner.
After dinner, I was going to go to the show, where the singers and dancers were doing a general variety show. Morgan and Chloe said they were going to take a pass; they wanted to check out some of the clubs on board. We said our good nights, and I headed for the theater.
As usual with this cruise line, the talent was excellent. I really enjoyed the show and was sorry when it ended. I wasn't sure what I wanted to do, as it was too early to go to bed. As I walked out of the theater, I saw Marty looking back and forth between the two exit doors. When he saw me, he broke into a smile and headed my way.
"Hey, Jeremy. I was hoping you'd be here!"
I was a little surprised by what he said.
"Molly would have been pissed if I didn't find you. She really wanted us to have a drink together. Can you join us?"
"Sure," I said.
"C'mon," he continued, "Molly's waiting for us in one of the lounges."
I followed Marty to one of the many lounges on the ship. A guy was playing the piano and singing when we got there. Molly was sitting in a corner and waved to us, so we walked over. She looked nice in her dark grey skirt and navy blazer. When we got to the corner, she stood up and surprised me by giving me a hug. I softly wrapped my arms around her to return it.
"I'm really glad Marty found you," she said. "You and Marty sit there," she said, pointing to one of the barrel chairs she was sitting in and another next to it in the corner. She sat in a third chair facing us.
We ordered drinks, and over the next hour, we got to know each other. Marty and Molly had been married for five years. In fact, they were celebrating their fifth anniversary on this cruise. I liked both of them; each was smart and funny. Molly had a master's degree in economics and worked for a large investment bank. Marty had an MBA and worked for one of the large management consulting firms. They thought they might have kids eventually, but that was a little further down the road.
Eventually, Marty said he had to go to the bathroom. He got up but then stopped next to Molly's chair. He bent down and whispered something in her ear. A large smile crept across her face as she looked at me, and she nodded to whatever Marty had said. He kissed her on the forehead and then headed to the bathroom. Molly watched him for a few seconds as he walked away.
She and I continued talking, but after just a couple of minutes, Molly unbuttoned her blazer and pulled each arm out of the sleeves, letting the jacket drape over the back of her chair. I can't imagine the look on my face as I stared at her. Beneath the blazer, she was wearing a light grey, totally sheer, tight stretch top with no bra. I was basically looking at her naked breasts. And what beautiful breasts they were! She was probably a full B with bright red areolas. She had thick nipples which were hard and pushing out the top. Her breasts were very firm, with no sag whatsoever. Since she was facing the corner, only I could see her.
I don't know if it was ten seconds, a minute, or five minutes before I finally realized I hadn't looked at Molly's face since she took off her blazer. When I finally looked up at her, she had a huge smile.
"So, tell me, Jeremy, do you like my outfit?"
I never moved my eyes from hers, forcing myself not to gaze down where I really wanted to look, as I nodded.
"Very much so," I barely got out.
She just stared at me for another few seconds, still wearing that smile.
"Tell me, Jeremy, should I be impressed or insulted?" she asked.
I had a confused look on my face as I said, "Huh?"
"For the last minute or so, you've been staring at my eyes and haven't looked at my boobs even once," she said softly. "Should I be impressed with your self-control, or should I be insulted because you don't like them?" Again, she had a devious smile.
This time, I smiled.
"Believe me, it's STRICTLY self-control. What I saw was incredible, but I'm trying really hard not to look like a normal male pig and stare."
Molly laughed.
"Tell you what," she started. "I'm going to close my eyes for a minute, so I won't know where you're looking. Then you shouldn't feel bad."
True to her word, she closed her eyes. And true to my desires, I stared at her beautiful tits. After a few seconds, with her eyes still closed, Molly put her hand on one breast and squeezed it. Jesus, she was driving me crazy. Just as she pulled her hand away, she opened her eyes.
"Ha! Caught you staring!" she said, laughing.
I laughed, too. Then Molly leaned forward as she scooched to the edge of the chair.
Speaking softly, she said, "In case you haven't figured it out, I like having you look at my tits. In fact, Marty and I both like having people watch us."
My eyes again opened wide as I wondered exactly what she meant.
"When we're done talking, I'm going to put on my jacket and go to our cabin. Then Marty's going to take off my clothes and fuck me."
Again, my eyes popped open.
"The blinds to the balcony will be open. I'd like you to go to your cabin and turn off all the lights. Then walk out on the balcony and peer around the divider into our room, okay? Can you do that for me?"
Dumbfounded, I nodded my head. Molly smiled.
"Mmmm, good."
Then, in an even softer voice, she whispered, "I'm getting really wet just thinking about it. C'mon, let's go to our cabins."
She slipped on her jacket, and as she stood up, I did, too. She looked down and saw a bulge in my pants, bringing another smile to her face. She walked out of the lounge toward the elevators, with me by her side.
We got to my cabin first, and Molly turned toward me and pulled me into a tight hug. She gently rubbed her body against my hard dick.
"I hope you enjoy this as much as we will," she said. Then she gave me a quick, closed-mouth kiss on the lips and walked to her cabin. I watched her tap her key card and walk in, giving me a little wave just before she disappeared.
I quickly went into my room. The steward had turned down my bed, folded a towel into an animal shape, left a couple of chocolates on the pillow, and turned on low lighting by the bed. I almost tripped running to turn off the lights and head to the balcony. I left the blinds closed as I slipped between the opening and quietly opened the door. I walked to the end of the divider and peered around. The bed and couch in their cabin were on the far wall, making it easier to see from the balcony. Only the soft lights over the bed were turned on. The room was lighted enough for me to see everything without casting much light onto the balcony.
Marty was standing with his back to me near the couch - totally naked. Obviously, he had been waiting for Molly. She had already removed her jacket, and they were kissing in a tight embrace. After a couple of minutes, Molly stepped back and slightly to the side; if I didn't know better, I would have thought that was explicitly to give me a better view. I could clearly see her breasts through her top. She held her hands straight up, and Marty slowly pulled the top over her head and over her outstretched arms. Without the thin material, Molly's tits looked even better.
Marty put one hand on her breast as they resumed kissing. I was rock hard; I had never seen anything like this in my life. When Marty put his mouth over her other breast, Molly threw her head back. I couldn't hear her, but I'm pretty sure she was moaning. Marty kept moving his mouth between her breast and her mouth, kissing her hard for a bit and then sucking on her nipple.
After quite a few minutes, Marty walked behind Molly, giving me a totally unobstructed view of her breasts. Marty reached around and cupped both breasts, squeezing and releasing them over and over as he kissed Molly's neck. Eventually, Marty released her breasts, and his hands disappeared behind her waist. I saw her skirt gap at her waist before Marty's hands started pushing the skirt to the floor. Molly was now wearing only a pair of red, lace panties. I could see a patch of dark over her mound, and I quietly groaned. When Marty pulled her panties to the floor, I thought I was going to come in my pants.
Except for her heels, Molly was now totally naked. Her mound was covered with a patch of dense, black, bushy hair shaped into a triangle. Her lips were totally shaved. Some combination of the breast-play and the knowledge that I was watching already had her excited enough that her inner lips were totally exposed. Marty stood up behind her, reached around and slipped his middle finger in her pussy. Even through the glass door, I heard Molly moan. I heard my own moan, too. Marty slowly fingered Molly, and I could see her juices on his finger.
He pulled out his wet finger and replaced it with the middle finger of his other hand. He used his wet finger to rub Molly's exposed clit. I could see her breasts moving as she took deep breaths, and her pelvis moving as she thrust into Marty's finger. Her eyes were shut, and her head was pressing back into Marty's chest. It didn't take long before I heard a soft cry and saw her body tremble. Her back arched, pressing her head even harder against Marty. She continued a rhythmic spasm every couple of seconds for twenty seconds or so. Then she turned and softly wrapped her arms around Marty as he hugged her tightly.
After a minute, Molly pulled her head back and started kissing Marty. She reached down and started rubbing his dick, though I couldn't actually see her hand as it was hidden by her body. Again, though I couldn't see his hands, Marty was obviously rubbing her breasts. After just a few minutes, Molly pulled away and knelt on the bed, right near the end, facing the front of the bed. When she moved away, it was the first time I saw Marty from the front. I don't think I had ever seen someone else's erect dick. He stood directly behind Molly. He kissed both of her butt cheeks. Then he used one hand to spread one cheek as he used the other hand to grab his dick and bury it in her pussy.
The scene before me was unbelievable. Because of the direction they were facing, I could clearly see Marty's dick stroking in and out of Molly. I could also see her breasts hanging straight down beneath her and her hard nipples at the end. Every time Marty pushed into her, her breasts swung forward and back. This was undoubtedly the hottest thing I had ever seen in my entire life.
At one point, Marty reached forward and squeezed one of Molly's nipples for a few seconds. Then he straightened up and was really banging into her hard. I could hear Molly moaning each time Marty's pelvis smacked into her ass. I almost reached down to stroke my own dick, but I held off. Suddenly, Molly turned her head and was looking directly at me. I couldn't believe she smiled right at me while her husband was fucking her! Immediately after that, I heard her cry out as she lowered her head and began pushing her butt into Marty as an obvious orgasm flowed through her body. I then saw Marty grimace and push hard into Molly, keeping his dick deep into her pussy as he clearly had his own orgasm.
Marty held himself against Molly until her orgasm finished. When he pulled away, I saw some of his cum drip down from Molly. I knew it was time to walk away, but I didn't want to miss any opportunity to see more of Molly's naked body. Marty got tissues and handed them to Molly; then he went into the bathroom. Molly wiped her pussy and got off the bed. She threw the tissue in the wastebasket and then walked over toward the balcony door. My heart skipped a beat for a second. This naked woman, who I just watched getting fucked, was walking toward me. She smiled, blew me a kiss, and closed the drapes.
For a few seconds, I didn't move. I was leaning on the railing, reviewing in my mind what I just saw. After a minute I went back into my room, thinking I really needed to masturbate. I was startled by a soft knock on the door.
When I looked through the peephole, I saw Molly wearing one of the white, fluffy robes that were hanging in the closet. Nervously, I opened the door and just stared at her, not sure what to say.
Molly smiled.
"May I come in?"
"Oh, yeah, sorry," I said as I stepped aside, and Molly walked in.
"Did you like that?" she asked with a knowing smile.
I chuckled.
"Uh, yeah," I said. "I've never seen anything like that."
"Did you jack off?" she asked nonchalantly, which took me by surprise.
I laughed again.
"No."
"Ahh, you mean not yet, huh?" she asked, again with a smile. "Can I watch you do it?" she asked, again shocking me.
"Umm, no, I don't think so," I said, though the thought was actually kind of exciting.
"Not ready for that, huh? Well, we're only at the beginning of the cruise. I'll work on you," she said, laughing.
When I said she couldn't watch, I thought she was going to leave. But she surprised me again.
"Well, even if I can't watch you, I'm sure you won't mind watching me."
She opened her robe and let it drop to the floor. She was naked, and I gasped. She climbed onto my bed, on her back, right next to where I was standing.
"Knowing you were watching me," she started, as she began squeezing both breasts, "got me so fucking excited. I came so hard because of you. But I need just a little more. You sure you don't want to join me by stroking yourself?"
She slid one hand down to her pussy and inserted a finger. Christ, I WAS close to whipping off my pants and stroking my dick. A very small part of me wondered if it would piss off Marty if I did that, but, based on the night so far, I decided he wouldn't care. I'm not completely sure why, but I still wasn't ready to stroke my dick in front of her. NO ONE had ever watched me whack off.
As Molly continued fingering herself, squeezing her breast and pinching her nipple right in front of me, I was getting more and more excited. I realized that I had subconsciously started rubbing my dick through my pants. I really needed a release. Molly saw me rubbing my dick.
"C'mon, Jeremy, don't be shy. You know you want to. I really want to see you come. If you come, it will help me come. Don't you want to help me come, Jeremy?"
I don't know what got into me, but I couldn't just stand there and watch this woman masturbate in front me without doing something. I quickly opened my pants and pushed down my underwear, letting my dick pop out. Molly smiled.
"That's a good boy. Now rub you dick while you watch me."
I started rubbing my dick faster than I ever had before. I didn't want to tease myself - Molly had already teased me for the last 30 or 45 minutes. Now I just needed to come. Molly started rubbing her clit and moaning. Jesus, this was hot! I knew I wasn't going to last long, but when Molly spoke, I totally lost it.
"Come on my tits," she whispered.
Holy fuck! I immediately shot a huge load of cum on her tits. When the first one hit, Molly, softly cried out.
"Oh, yeah! I'm coming!"
As her body spasmed and shook, I continued shooting load after load of cum on her wonderful tits. My eyes kept closing as I squirted, but I forced them open to look at Molly enjoying her own orgasm as I continued covering her tits. I got incredibly light-headed for a couple of seconds but recovered enough to watch Molly ride out the end of her orgasm. When she was done, she closed her eyes for only ten seconds or so before opening them. She looked up at me and smiled.
"That was really nice, Jeremy. Thanks for helping."
I couldn't help but laugh.
"You're thanking me? I think you've got that backwards. Thank YOU - and Marty - for an incredible new experience. Umm, will he be pissed with what I just did to you?"
Molly laughed.
"Oh my god, no. Obviously, he knew you were watching. And he knew why I was coming over here. He'll get excited when I tell him what you did."
"Shit, really?" I asked. "You're going to tell him?"
"Of course," she said. "He might even get excited enough to fuck me again tonight."
"You guys are.... interesting," I said with a chuckle.
Molly laughed, too.
I grabbed a washcloth from the bathroom, got it wet, and handed it to Molly. She cleaned off her breasts. Then she stood up and put her robe back on.
"I hope you're willing to watch some more," she said, causing me to laugh.
"Abso-fucking-lutely!" I replied, causing her to laugh, too. "Do you guys have any limits?" I asked.
"We're really just into being watched and watching others. We don't swap partners or anything like that," she said as she walked to the door. Just as she was about to open it, she paused and turned toward me.
"But Marty really likes you. Maybe you'll be my first. Good night, Jeremy."
She opened the door, walked out, and gently closed the door behind her.
And I just stared at the door.What did she just say?????