It was my third day in the Philippines. I was in Manilla for business and had spent the last two days in long meetings. Today I was looking forward to sleeping in a bit later than usual, perhaps getting some work done from the hotel, or perhaps take a long walk around town. Basically, I just wanted a relaxing day. My flight home was early the next morning.
I was staying in a small privately owned hotel that probably had no more than a dozen rooms. I could have stayed at a newer, bigger hotel like a Marriot or a Hilton, but I preferred the smaller hotel for a couple of reasons. One reason was that I was on a budget, and could spend the hotel stipend any way that I wanted. And what I didn't spend I got to keep. That was the company policy and I saved a bundle by staying at the smaller hotel.
Another reason that I preferred this hotel was that I enjoyed being away from the tourist spots. I'd stayed at the hotel once before and knew my way around. I liked the location of the place. There were a few bars and restaurants nearby and it was only a short walk to get to the client's office or to public transportation.
The rooms were quite spacious, with a large living room area, a full bathroom with a whirlpool bath/shower, and a large bedroom with a king size bed. The rooms were kept very clean. I'd leave for work in the morning and when I returned the beds were made, any mess I'd made was cleaned up, and a fresh supply of towels was on the rack in the bathroom. If I went out for dinner, as I usually did, I'd return to find that my bed was turned down and a nice bit of dark chocolate was on the pillow. It had all of the amenities of a 5-star hotel at a 3-star rate. I never saw any of the cleaning staff, but they sure made their presence known.
So, at the start of my free day, I did indeed sleep in a bit. My body clock was pretty regular so I was still up fairly early. I made myself a cup of coffee on the in-room coffee machine and spent some time cruising the internet. I wasn't really looking for anything specific, but before I knew it I found myself searching for local massage parlors. I had never done that before in Manilla, but I was up for a new experience.
I got into the shower with the idea of an erotic massage still in my head and before I knew it that idea had blossomed down into my groin. I thought that perhaps I could find a provider that had in room service, which sounded even better than traveling.
So, as I stepped out of the shower, I had a decent amount of blood flow into my cock. I wasn't fully erect, but the possibility of a nice massage with a happy ending had me going. The mirror over the sink was fogged over with steam, so I used my towel to wipe it clear.
And that's when I noticed her, reflected in the mirror. I casually turned around and saw the young woman in a housekeeping uniform standing right outside of the bathroom door. The expression on her face could best be described as having been caught with your hand in the cookie jar. And by her stance, I could see that she had probably stopped in mid-step as she was walking past the door. She seemed frozen to her spot, even though she had obviously been caught in the act. - the act of watching me. She seemed a bit scared, but she didn't turn away.
"Well, hello!" I said with a smile, still naked and with a semi that showed no signs of deflating. If anything, standing there fully exposed in front of her was getting me more excited.
She didn't answer.
"How long have you been here?" I asked.
Again, there was no answer. I watched her eyes as they traveled down to my crotch, lingered awhile, then traveled back up to meet my eyes. Realizing that I was watching her watch caught her off guard and she diverted her eyes down to the floor.
"Do you like watching?" I asked. By now I was not expecting an answer.
She didn't respond but held up one finger towards me, then turned and walked out of the apartment.
I finished drying off, then wrapped the towel around me and began to shave. I almost laughed out loud at what had just transpired. A poor innocent young woman caught me naked and didn't know how to respond; a young voyeur at work.
Just as I finished shaving I heard a knock on the door, followed by a voice calling out "House Keeping!" I walked into the living room just as the hallway door was being unlocked. There was my little voyeur again, this time with a friend in tow, another woman in her housekeeper uniform. I immediately thought that this new woman could be a sister of my voyeur, as there was a strong resemblance in their faces. Their bodies, however, seemed to be very different. The new woman was older, perhaps in her mid-twenties compared to the voyeur, who looked like she might just be approaching twenty, if that. And while the voyeur's uniform was loose and almost shapeless, the older woman's outfit seemed to fit her very well. Her skirt was definitely higher up her legs than the younger woman, who wore hers almost at the knee. Her blouse also showed off her curves, and had a couple of buttons undone; nothing that be deemed too inappropriate, but definitely showing off a bit of cleavage.
I stopped in front of the two of them, still just wearing a towel wrapped around my waist.
"Hello?" I said.
"Hello," replied the older woman. "My name is Tala. " Then, pointing to the other woman, she said, "She is Jasmine."
"Well hello, Tala. And hello Jasmine."
Tala continued. "Jasmine no speak English good. I speak for her. She want to say she sorry for seeing you. She knock on door like is told to do, but when no answer she came in. She not want you mad. Jasmine is new to job and new to city. She don't want to not have job."
Now I understood why they came back. While I spoke to Tala, I looked at Jasmine.
"Please let her know that I am not mad at all. I'm sure it was an accident. I won't tell anyone about this. She does not have to worry."
Tala translated this to Jasmine, and as she did I could see the tension leaving her face. She seemed to immediately relax and she actually managed a smile. She spoke to Tala, who translated it to me.
"She say thank you and ..."She spoke to Jasmine; it seemed like she was asking her a question. Jasmine responded and Tala continued "..she want know why you not dress when she saw you."
I took a moment to think about the question and how I was going to answer. Truth be told, I enjoyed being naked in front of her, and only partially because she seemed so shocked and, in a strange way, innocent.
But before I could respond Tala said: "Sorry she ask that, but Jasmine is new to city and not has experience with people."
I took that to imply that Tala was embarrassed to have asked me the question and that Jasmine's lack of experience was in regards to the opposite sex. I like the way the conversation was going.
"It's ok, you can both ask me anything you want. " I said. "I didn't bother to put any clothes on because, well, I like to be looked at."
Tala took a second; she seemed to be trying to understand what I was saying.
She asked, "You want to show me?" And then, after a quick exchange with Jasmine, she corrected herself. "You want to show us?"
I asked Tala "After she saw that I had seen her, why did Jasmine stay and continue to watch me? I expected her to run screaming, but she stood there awhile and definitely watched me."
Tala spoke to Jasmine, who smiled and responded. "She stay because she had not seen naked man before. We both want to see more."
Just as I was about to remove my towel, Tala held up a finger. She spoke to Jasmine, who got up and walked over to the door. She briefly stepped out into the hallway and returned with the housekeeping cart. She brought it inside, then turned and locked the door. As she headed back towards into the room, Tala stood and took her by the hand over to the sofa. They sat down next to each other.
"Ok, you show now." she said to me. Again, I liked the way this was going. Up to this point, I had thought I was in charge, but the power had shifted; Tala was definitely in the driver's seat.
I walked up closer to the woman, stopping right in front of them. I didn't hesitate; I just took off the towel and threw it over to the side.
I have to admit that I did like the way that I looked naked. Straight off I should say that, based on my locker room observations, my cock is probably just average length. But I do have a couple of other qualities that help me out with the overall appearance of my package. First off, I am tall and fairly lean. As a kid, I was always skinny. Then, when I hit puberty, I took off and sprouted up to just over 6 feet tall. At that time I began to add some muscle tone to my frame. I keep my crotch shaved. At the most, I'll keep a thin patch of hair right above my shaft. Also, my balls are pretty big in comparison to my dick, hanging low. And, most importantly, although I might be lacking in length, I make up for it in girth. Again, based on locker room observations as well as feedback from various female companions, it is far above whatever an average width is. Past companions have had issues with this, but for the most part, they've enjoyed the challenge and found that the end result, my dick filling them up, is worth the effort.
When I'm erect my balls pull up and retract a bit, and my cock extends by an inch or two and has a distinct upward curve. I wasn't fully erect when Jasmine saw me in the bathroom, but I was noticeably excited. And I wasn't erect now, but I knew that, by exposing myself in front of these two women, I would probably get there soon.
I watched the women when I removed the towel. Jasmine, who had already seen me naked, didn't seem to have lost any interest. Her eyes were unwavering, staring right at my goods. Tala, of course, was also checking me out. I saw her eyes eventually travel up my body until we made eye contact. She smiled at me.
Jasmine started talking and Tala responded. They exchanged some conversation then Tala turned towards me and said: "She say your titi not big as before."
"Titi"?
She pointed down at my dick. I said "Cock."
She smiled and replied 'Cock', then turned and spoke to Jasmine, who also responded with 'Cock.'
I continued responding to Tala's comment. "And I'm sure you know that my cock can get bigger. Tell her it can and tell her ways that you can help it get bigger."
Tala thought about what I said and then smiled again. She understood what I was saying. She and Jasmine spoke for a while, back and forth. Tala spoke last and then turned back toward me. She looked me over again as she reached up and unbuttoned one button of her blouse. She nodded to Tala, who, after a brief hesitation, did the same. They continued unbuttoning one by one until their blouses were totally unbuttoned and their bras were partially exposed. I looked a Tala and gave her a nod. She understood what I what I was thinking and said something to Jasmine. She removed her blouse; Jasmine followed suit.
So now I had these two lovely women sitting in front of me in just their bras. Tala was wearing a pastel pink bra that has a bit of a lace trim. She had full, ample breasts. The top of her areolas were exposed, with the nipples barely covered. Jasmine was wearing a plain white bra, which fully covered her. Her breasts were much smaller than Tala's. Both of them looked lovely, with their bras contrasting sharply with their caramel colored skin.
If Tala thought that just the sight of their bras was enough to get me hard, she was mistaken. I was feeling a little bit of blood flow, but I think that was more because of the anticipation of what was yet to come.
Once again, as is she had read my thoughts, Tala reached up to her right tit and squeezed her nipple through the bra. She moaned; I could believe that she meant it. Then, watching me, or actually watching my cock, she reached behind her and unstrapped the bra, letting it drop to the floor. Her breasts fell free, exposing the rest her brown extended nipples. She licked a thumb and forefinger and proceeded to roll one nipple between them. She licked again and repeated this with her other nipple. And moaned.
That was starting to work for me. I could feel myself growing and I could see that they both noticed.
Tala said something to Jasmine, then reached around behind her and unhooked her bra. Before it fell clear, Jasmine reached up and covered her breasts with her hands. Tala giggled, apparently at Jasmine being shy, then reached over and tried to pull her hands away. Jasmine put up a brief struggle until Tala said something in a pretty sharp tone; Jasmine relented. Now fully exposed, I could see that while Jasmine's breasts were much smaller, there were well formed and very perky. Her nipples, like Tala's, were dark, almost black, and also seemed extended. But unlike Tala, they were pointing up.
Tala spoke to me. Waving a finger at me she said: "Come closer." I walked right up to her and without the slightest hesitation she reached down and cupped my balls in both of her hands. She gently rolled my balls.
She spoke to Jasmine. There was no longer a need for her to explain what she was saying. I knew that she was assuming the role of a teacher and Jasmine was the pupil. I was just a teaching tool. And that was fine with me.
Tala removed her hands from my balls; they were quickly replaced by Jasmine's. I could feel her hesitation, unsure of what exactly she should be doing. Tala said something and Jasmine tried to roll a ball around as Tala had done. She squeezed me a bit too hard and I reacted with a squeal. Jasmine let go of me and looked over a Tala. Tala said something to her, then put her hands back on me and said "She sorry. She did not know." She said something to Jasmine, who then turned to me and said "I sorry. She say I kiss and make good. OK?"
Was I going to turn this down? Not likely.
She leaned into me and indeed did give my ball a kiss, but it was the most clinical, 'kiss your sister' type of kiss. Tala laughed and, pushing Jasmine aside, proceeded to suck one of my balls into her mouth, gently but firmly. She has it almost all the way in and then released it with a loud pop. She gave it a lick and a kiss then leaned back. She again said something to Jasmine, who leaned back in and tried to copy what Tala had done. It was obvious that Tala had a lot of experience and Jasmine had very little, but she seemed to be a quick learner. That second attempt of a kiss was much better. When she released my ball from her mouth and leaned closer to give it a lick, I swung my dick toward her. It slapped across her face, and she pulled back as if bitten by a snake.
Tala laughed, and then leaned back in to take her place. She ran both hands thru the thatch of hair, then around the base of my shaft, running her hands over the smooth and (recently) cleanly shaven area. Her hands went back onto my balls, and then she ran her palms up and under my dick. When she reached the tip she used her thumbs to rub that sensitive area right under the head, then over my helmet. She repeated that one more time then turned me over to Jasmine. Once again she mimicked Tala's moves, and this time did a pretty good job of it.
As Jasmine continued touching me, I looked towards Tala and said "Your dress... take it off." She smiled and immediately went to work. She stood up and unzipped the side of her skirt. She pulled it down a bit over her hips until it fell on its own. She stepped out of it and kicked it off to the side. Her panties matched her bra; pastel pink with some lace. It was cut high on the sides and didn't consist of much material. It was low enough on her hips that I could assume that she kept herself shaved or at least fairly well trimmed.
Without talking to Jasmine, Tala leaned down and started to undress her. Jasmine had been concentrating on my cock and hadn't realized what was happening, but when she turned and saw Tala in just her panties, she relaxed and let her take her skirt off. Her panties didn't match her plain white bra. They were light blue with a pattern of flowers. But, like her plain and functional bra, her panties didn't suggest anything and didn't expose much skin.
Tala then took her turn with me. When she leaned over I could see her ass; the panties really didn't have much material in the back. It wasn't a thong but was pretty close to it. As matched the rest of her figure, her ass was full and round, not skinny, but definitely not fat. A damn near perfect ass.
She continued to run her palms under my shaft and then over the head, occasionally reaching down and giving me a few tugs, using both her hands, one on each side.
I was pretty much as hard as I could get now. The tugging was working as well and I started to leak some pre-cum. Tala stopped and said something to Jasmine, who leaned in for a better look. Tala took her finger and scooped some of it off of my dick. She showed Jasmine, then put her finger in her mouth and licked it off. She turned back to me to get another finger full and, without any words this time, fed it to Jasmine.
Tala smiled at me then leaned towards me. She licked the rest of the pre-cum off of my helmet, then took it in her mouth for a moment, swirling her tongue around it. She pulled off and signaled that Jasmine should try the same move. She did it perfectly, so good that I couldn't help but thrust my dick into her mouth. She wasn't expecting that. I hadn't really planned it, I just let it happen.
Jasmine gagged and pulled off of me. Tala said something to her then proceeded to show her how to give a blow job.
She started where she had left off, cradling my balls with one hand and holding my shaft steady with the other. She licked me from base to tip, along the underside. When she got to the top she licked off the newest bead of pre-cum then took the head in her mouth, letting her tongue lap the sensitive underside. She pulled off once again, took a deep breath, and put her mouth back on me. This time she tried to get all of my cock into her mouth, and after awhile she was able to get most of it in. My girth seemed to be an obstacle, but she took her time and relaxed her mouth; eventually, she had me all the way in, with her nose up against my groin.
I wasn't in charge anymore; I knew that and didn't care in the least. If I was being used, so be it.
With Tala working her talents on my dick, I had lost track of Jasmine. When I finally tore my gaze away from the back of Tala's head, I looked over at Jasmine. Her eyes were focused on Tala, but she also had a hand down the front of her panties, touching herself.
She glanced up to see me watching her.
I spoke up. "Take them off."
Jasmine took her hand out of her underwear and just looked at me. Tala heard me and slowly pulled off of my cock. Her eyes had teared up a bit with the effort. Wiping them, she turned around and spoke to Jasmine. Jasmine just shook her head yes, then stood up. She hooked her thumbs into her panties and slowly slid them down her legs. She was now totally naked just standing in front of me. Her pussy was covered in a mat of dark hair, but it was fine and I could almost make out her lips beneath. She had apparently lost any inhibitions and did not seem at all bashful. After a couple of more words from Tala, Jasmine sat back down, spread her legs apart, and resumed masturbating. She parted her hair and spread her lips open with one hand, and started rubbing herself with the other.
Tala had stopped working on me; she just knelt there and watched Jasmine for a moment. She turned to me when I repeated what I had said to Jasmine, what I sensed she wanted me to say. "Take them off."
She stood up and faced me then replied: "You take them off."
Of course, I was willing to oblige. I kneeled in front of her and took ahold of the skimpy panties on either side of her hips and slowly started to peel it off. I met some resistance when the back got caught in her ass cleft, so I reached around her and gently pulled it free, getting a nice feel of her cheeks in the process. Returning to the front I continued to remove them. As I expected, her pussy was indeed closely trimmed with just a bit of hair above and cleanly shaven below. I put my face closer in and could see that she was moist. I took a deep breath and took in her essence; she had a nice scent, earthy and musky, but not overpowering. I couldn't resist, so I gave her a slow lick, from her taint up. When I brushed over her clit I felt her stiffen up a bit.
I backed away, but she said "More."
I had her lay down, then situated myself between her spread legs. Jasmine was quietly observing, still playing with herself.
I took just a moment to take in the sight. Tala had big, meaty labia, perhaps a bit swollen from excitement. I could clearly make out the clit, just barely peeking out from its hood. I dove right in, licking around the lips and across her opening, not going right in for her clit. I gave her another slow lick and when I finally brushed over her clit, she let out another of her moans. I knew that I was hitting the right spot. And, knowing that some women are very sensitive there, as well as my intention to build up her excitement, I gave her just one more small lick with the flat of my tongue and then moved down to lick around her lips. My plan was to tease her by licking anywhere except her clit; her lips, her taint and perhaps even a bit of ass play.
But Tala wasn't having any of that. She reached down and spread herself open with her fingers and pushed her pussy closer to my face. "Right there," she said.
I leaned back in and inserted my right index finger into her, curling it up to try and hit her G spot. And with the help of her fingers, her little clit was clearly popping out from its sheath. As I massaged her G spot, I gently sucked her clit in between my lips and tapped against it with the tip of my tongue.
Both of these actions had the desired effect. Her moaning started up again, heavier, huskier and shorter as she started bucking up into me, in time to my fingers. I increased the pressure of my tongue, and withdrew my sticky finger, spreading some of her fluids down across her taint and over her asshole. I used that same finger to firmly press against that opening, not trying to get in yet, but with enough pressure to let her know I was there.
I sensed that she might be close to cumming, so I didn't let up; if anything I increased the speed of my tongue. Just then, as she let out a totally different, more guttural moan, I pushed my finger in her ass.
And that did it for her. She clamped her legs together and bucked up against me a final time, holding it longer as spasms jolted through her. I eased my finger out of her and released my lip lock on her clitty, giving her one last quick lick up her slit.
I moved away from her to give her some space to decompress. I noticed that Jasmine was still watching, although she seemed to have stopped stroking herself. Her eyes were wide open. I'd guess that she had never seen another woman have an orgasm.
I left the room to go to the bathroom. I had softened up a bit while I was working on Tala, at least enough to take a piss. While I was in there I grabbed a condom out of my Dopp kit. I wasn't finished yet...
Walking back into the living room, I saw that Tala had indeed recuperated. She was on her knees in front of Jasmine. As I approached them I saw that, yes, she was giving Jasmine some of what I had just given her. Jasmine had her head back against the sofa; her eyes were closed and her mouth was open.
I went up to her and tapped my dick against her mouth. She opened her eyes and, without any hesitation, took my cock in. Tala was face down and didn't see what was going on.
I had Jasmine suck me until I was fully hard again. She has already shown a lot of improvement over her earlier attempts, and I could have let her finish me off, but I had something else in mind. I backed away from her and went around behind Tala. I opened up the rubber and rolled it on, then kneeled down between Tala's legs. Finally, she acknowledged me, taking her face out of Jasmine and looking back at me. She smiled, spread her legs more and raised her ass higher, then reached behind and guided me into her still moist pussy.
As I've found out from experience, most women can get some of me in fairly easily, but as my girth gets thicker toward the base of my shaft, they have to work at it more. Such was the case with Tala. I pushed until I felt some resistance than backed off. Slowly, Tala started pushing back at me, which I took as a signal to proceed. I took my time and before long I was completely inside her. I paused for a bit, letting her get used to me, then started pumping her slowly. We kept at it until I was going at a pretty good pace. Tala had been pushed forward so that her face was once again in Jasmine's crotch, but I don't think she was doing anything. Her moaning increased.
I pride myself on being able to delay my climax over a good deal of time, and so far it had been easy. Not so much now. I could feel the pressure increasing.
Tala must have felt it too, because, without any warning, she pulled away from me. Turning back, she told me to lay down. I followed her directions and laid on my back. My thick, swollen erection was jutting straight up from my crotch; the rubber glistened from Tala's lubrication.
Tala spoke to Jasmine, then helped her to her feet and led her over to me. Directing her all the way, she positioned her over my cock then guided her down onto it.
I had thought Jasmine might have been a virgin, but I had no real proof. Virgin or not, she was very tight and struggled just to get my helmet in. As pent-up as I was, I stayed patient and let her and Tala do the moving. Eventually, Jasmine moved a bit lower onto me: I just barely had my tip in her. She was obviously not going to get much more of me in her. And of course, it wasn't working for me.
Tala picked up on what I was feeling and spoke to Jasmine. She tried once again to take more of me in her but she was too tight; I could see her determination but also could sense her pain.
Tala helped her off of me, then got up and went over to her housekeeping cart. She returned and got on all fours in front of me, then showed me that she had taken a small bottle of hand lotion from her cart. I removed my rubber and spread some on my cock, then squirted a generous amount onto her ass and worked it in with my index finger. I tried to put my thumb in as well, and although I met with some resistance, her ass hole was able to accommodate both digits. I pulled them out then held my penis steady against her opening. Tala said something to Jasmine, who moved over closer to watch as I slowly started to push my rod into Tala's dark hole.
I had never given anal before but she obviously had received it before. My helmet popped in with just a bit of pressure and then I took my time into getting all the way in. It was tight of course, but Tala didn't seem in any pain. I took a second to look over to Jasmine; her hand was deep in her crotch.
Once I was all the way in, I started to slowly withdraw. Her ass seemed to clamp down on me, a feeling unlike any I'd felt before. Pushing back all the way in, I started to increase my speed, knowing that I probably wasn't going to last long. Tala said "When you ready, let Jasmine have you. I want her to taste." I understood. She spoke to Jasmine.
For a novice, I think I took to anal pretty quickly. And while I would have loved to deposit a load in her ass, I once again followed Talas directions. Within a couple of minutes I knew I was reaching the moment of no return, so I pulled out. Jasmine quickly took me into her mouth, just as I started spurting. I had been building up a load for a while; I filled Jasmine with quite a mouthful. She gagged a bit and backed off even as I still had a couple of shots left. They landed square on her face, on her cheek.
Finally empty, I sat back, exhausted. Tala said something to Jasmine, who turned to me and made a point of swallowing my cum. As tired as I was I realized that poor little Jasmine had not yet come. Tala was thinking the same as I was, and, once again, she took the initiative to direct me.
"You lick her now, like you lick me." I wasn't going to argue.
So I gathered myself, pushed Jasmine to the floor and went down on her, giving her the same treatment I had given Tala. I parted her bush and found her well lubricated. Her labia were not as large as Tala's but were swollen from all the action she had already received. Her puss smelled earthy, but not as heavy as Tala's; a very enjoyable fragrance. I parted her lips with one hand and inserted just one finger into her, again curled up to hit her G spot. I could tell when I connected, as Jasmine gave a shiver and a soft whimper. I started to lick her slit, across the lips and into her a bit. Then I moved up to her clit, which was very visible; it also seemed swollen. Once I connected with the first lick, Jasmine went into overdrive. She was obviously very close to cumming from all of her manual activity that, with only a few well-placed licks, she got very vocal, crying out loud. Tala went over and held her as Jasmine jerked. I don't know what she was saying, but, after she finally got through it, she simply turned to me, smiled and said: "Thank you."
Tala bent over me and cleaned my cock with her mouth. I could already feel that I might have another go around in me, but she cut that short when she said that they still had work to do. I watched as they got dressed.
"I'm not leaving until tomorrow," I said.
Tala smiled "Will you need room service tonight?"
I smiled back ."I could probably use some extra towels for my shower."
Tala translated that to Jasmine. She giggled, actually blushed a bit, and responded to Tala, who turned to me and said: "She say we all need shower, and she is right."
"I'll be right here." I said, hopeful of an encore performance. If so, I decided that next time I'd be the one giving the orders.
Needless to say, I was glad I had extended my trip by an extra day. It was not the day I had expected but I wouldn't have wanted to spend it any other way.