Hey there everyone, I know it's been a while since we last posted. A few weeks ago we had an engagement party in the city. We usually park at a station and catch a train into the city to avoid driving in all the traffic. I wore a red crop top and tight black skirt (no panties). As we were seeing James's family, I wore a bra (as those that have read our stories, I rarely wear a bra).
As most of you know, when I drink, I get very horny. I'm also a light weight so get tipsy very quickly. After two glasses of wine I was feeling light headed and getting frisky. We didn't stay at the party long as we had an early morning ahead of us.
As soon as we left the club, James asked me to take my bra off. I don't know if it was because I was tipsy or horny, but I didn't even bother going to the toilet to do so. I stood out in the middle of the street and took my bra off and quickly stuffed it in my bag. Given it was a Saturday night, it was pretty busy. I'm not sure if anyone caught me but it was exciting none the less.
As soon as my bra was in my bag we headed off to the train station. Given I was horny my nipples were poking out very prominently through my thin crop top. It didn't help that James kept giving my boobs and nipple a squeeze every so often. It wasn't long before I noticed most men who were walking past us would stare right at my chest. I was loving the attention and my nipples hardened even more.
We eventually got to the station and onto the train. We found a seat next to the window. It was about 10pm and the train was crowded. Not packed, but crowded. I was next to the window, James next to me and another man next to him. It wasn't long before James was feeling my hard nipples through my top and even slipping his hands underneath to get a quick feel. I could see myself in the reflection in the mirror and knew that anyone on the other side of the carriage could see what was going on, but that just made it even more exciting.
I was so horny, all I wanted was to kiss James and let him grope my tits, but he kept pulling away every time I leant in to kiss him.
"I have a plan, once we get to the station and are walking to the car, I want you to untie your top and let your boobs out, then take it off and pull your skirt up to your waist and walk like that to the car," said James.
"Mhmmmm," was all I could reply. I was still tipsy but not drunk enough to understand what James wanted me to do. It was still a 10 minute walk from the station to the car. I knew that once we rounded the first corner we wouldn't be in line of the station so I could get naked, but it was still 5 minutes from there to the car. My pussy was wet at the thought of stripping naked and being so daring!
We arrived at our stop and got off the train. My heart was beating and my pussy wet in anticipation of what was going to happen.
We walked up the stairs and out of the station. There are some restaurants around the station so once we had passed them, we were on the home stretch. We rounded the corner and all that was left between us and the car was a 5 minute walk along the road. Now the road wasn't well lit and had a lot of cars parked along it. However there were a few street lights and cars were driving by every so often. I knew that there would be no hiding once I was under a street light or if a car were to drive by. That made it all the more exciting.
We noticed a couple arguing but as soon as we were a few metres past them, I pulled up my top and felt the cool breeze on my already painfully hard nipples. I looked over at James who had the biggest grin on his face. Immediately his hands went to my boobs and started flicking my nipples. I could still hear the couple arguing and wondered how far away they were and if they could see anything.
Now to paint a picture, I'm about 150cm tall, an Australian size 6, which is a US size 2. I have very perky B cup breasts with dark, hard, sensitive, prominent nipples. I work out regularly so have a small waist, toned stomach but also squat a lot, so have developed quite a booty. I've been told I have an hourglass figure.
So here I was, boobs out, red top up over by boobs, tight black skirt, black heels, out in public exposing myself. I continued walking, slowly. I wanted to savour the moment. It felt exhilarating, the naughtiness of being topless in public but also the risk of being caught. Part of me wanted a guy to sudden walk by and have him catch me topless.
"Take off your top babe."
I looked at James with a sexy grin and peeled my top off and gave it to him. If it were me a year ago, I would have argued or at least looked around before taking my top off. I was so horny that I didn't even bother looking around, as I said, I wanted to be caught!
Off came my top and I continued walking, now only in my tight black pencil skirt and heels, nothing else. James came up behind me just as we were under a street light and I felt both hands cup my breasts. I stood still, the light completely illuminating my half naked body as he groped me and rolled my hard nipples between his fingers. I lent back into him and gave myself to him.
Suddenly I heard a car and looked to see headlights coming towards us. We were next to some cars so I quickly tried to hide (so much for wanting to get caught right!) but James held my hand and continued walking. By the time the car got next to us we were out from under the light, but the car did definitely slow down and drive by quite slowly. What a rush! I knew that the driver got a good look at me topless!
As soon as the car had passed us I felt James's hands on my ass as he lifted the skirt up to my waist. I didn't offer any resistance but rather offered my assistance and soon I was standing on the footpath with my skirt up around my waist, my tits, freshly waxed pussy and ass on show.
My pussy was soaking wet as we continued walking. I had only taken a few steps like this before I felt James's strong hands on me as he turned me around and kissed me passionately. His hands immediately went to my exposed ass and kneaded my cheeks as I moaned into his mouth. I loved his hands on my ass.
My mind was screaming to stop, I mean, I was more or less naked making out with my fiance. My pussy was saying something totally different, I needed to cum!
Giving my ass a firm slap, James pulled away and we were once again walking slowly towards the car.
"Take your skirt off now."
I didn't even think twice. I pulled my skirt off and handed it to James. Now I was totally naked and left only in my heels. What I sight I must have been. I reached out to feel James's cock through his pants and smiled as I felt he was rock hard.
"Are you enjoying being naked in public babe?" he asked.
"Of course, I'm so wet," I replied.
Once again James turned me to face him and I felt his fingers touch my clit. I felt a shiver of pleasure run through my body as his fingers made contact with my clit. His finger moved up and down my slit, feeling how wet I was. We kissed passionately as one hand grabbed my ass, the other rubbed my clit.
I thought I was going to cum right there! James then moved away and bent over and started gently biting and licking my right nipples, then left. I stifled a moan as he continued teasing my nipples and clit.
Suddenly he pulled away and we were walking once again. Only a few steps later, he turned me around again and slid a finger inside me. This time he stopped right under a light and I just moaned out loud as he fingered me. My pussy was so wet his fingers made that all too familiar slopping noise as he entered me. I spread my legs further to give him more access.
Just as I was getting close I heard another car. Reluctantly we quickly moved away from under the light but we didn't hide behind the cars, we stood in the middle of the footpath as James's hands were on me. I'm not sure if the car slowed down though.
We weren't far from the car now. What should have been a 10 minute walk had turned into 20. As we reached the car, James pinned me to the side and kissed me. We heard a car round the corner and come towards us but we just continued. I knew the car would offer some degree of protection. It was still incredibly exciting to know I was naked and there was a real possibly the person in the car would get a good look at my naked body, even if only for a few seconds.
"I need to cum so bad," I said.
We got in the car and James pulled into a side street. I knew exactly what was coming. Without saying a word, I moved to the back seat and spread my legs and waited. James got out of the car, opened the passenger seat door and got in. He immediately dove right in and I started moaning straight away. He kissed, licked and sucked my clit as he massaged my nipples for the next 10 minutes until I had a mind-blowing orgasm. Despite being dark, we were parked under a street so anyone walking by would have been able to see me naked being eaten out.
As I recovered from my orgasm, I wanted James's cock bad! Whenever I orgasm, I have a huge urge to suck cock. I reached for James's cock and he quickly unzipped his jeans and pulled out his rock hard cock. I got on all fours with my ass facing the left rear passenger window and immediately swallowed his cock. I could immediately taste his pre-cum and licked it up as I bobbed up and down on his nice long cock. He moaned as I deep throated him until I gagged and then pulled up for air. His hands massaged my ass and spanked me as I sucked and licked his magnificent cock.
Once nice and wet, I started jerking him off as I sat back, my tits jiggling seductively as I jerked him. Without missing a beat his hands went to my tits and started massaging them, gently at first but then more roughly as I knew he was getting close to cumming. I wanted him to cum in my mouth so I went back down and engulfed his cock in my mouth.
"Get out of the car, I want to see you naked outside again,"
I was so turned on that I didn't even consider saying no. I opened the door and got out, still only wearing my heels. I felt the cool air on my naked body. The cool breeze felt amazing on my rock hard nipples and dripping wet pussy, a bit chilly but it added to the excitement.
James got out of the car and pushed me against the car, my ass touching the cool metal of the car. His hands instinctively went to my tits as we kissed passionately, then his hands were on my ass, squeezing roughly, spanking loudly. I could hear each spank echo. I spread my legs and was rewarded with a finger inside my well lubed pussy. My pussy was so wet it offered no resistance and soon I was moaning into James's shoulder, stifling a scream as he fingered me hard.
Suddenly he stopped and ordered me to turn around. I did as I was told and I felt his hard cock pressed up against my ass as he groped my tits. As those that have read our stories know, I love feeling used and man-handled. I moaned as his fingers pinched my nipples and groped them roughly. My tits hurt from all the attention but it was so erotic I didn't want it to stop.
James then led me to the middle of the street and made me stand posing for pictures. It had been so long since I'd posed naked in public for him, my pussy was tingling. I posed seductively, one hand on my hip as I shifted my weight to one leg.
"That's hot babe, you look so sexy."
I smiled. He knew I loved being told how sexy I was, especially when posing naked for him (or other people for that matter). We could hear cars in the distance and each time I did, I felt like my heart stopped for a second each time. I wanted a car to suddenly turn into the street and catch me as I would run back to the car. I was far enough that there would be no way I'd be able to make a clean getaway, I know that they would have been able to catch some glimpse of me naked.
Alas it was not to be. We finished our fun with me doing a slow walk around the car. As I walked around the car, I was very aware of my nakedness, especially as James had locked the car. There would be no jumping in if a car drove by. Naked with only heels on, I slowly walked from the safety of the passenger side of the car (from the footpath where I was shielded by the car) to the back, to the right hand side (now totally exposed to any passerby), to the front with the street light shining directly on me back to where I started. I was so nervous but also felt so alive.
We got in the car and we drove home. I didn't put clothes on and as we were passing the restaurants next to the station, James made sure to put my window down all the way and slow down as we stopped at the roundabout. There were a number of guys smoking outside a restaurant. I just looked at James and smiled, then looked straight ahead, hoping they peeked inside and caught me naked. We don't know if they did, but a girl can always hope!