Long time reader, this is my first, of I hope, many stories. Comments, contacts and hopefully constructive criticisms very welcome. Enjoy
*
"I want to sleep with you!" Sarah said.
"What", "Wow", "Yeah," or words to that effect stumbled from my mouth. Or maybe I said nothing, so dumbfounded was I. Sarah smiled, her green eyes twinkling. Sensing and probably enjoying my confusion she leant forward and whispered in my ear,"I said I want to sleep with you tonight, what do you say?"
"Err, yes."
"Good," she clinked her bottle off of mine, "Don't drink too many of those," and was gone, saying something about wanting to mingle some more before we left.
This was wild, I hadn't been with a woman or even tried to chat one up, not sober at least, in over two years and now a beautiful woman who I hardly knew had just said she wanted to sleep with me. How did I get here?
....................
I'd scraped through college, I was bright but much more interested in drinking and fucking than I was in any text books. I finished college and moved back to London and somehow landed a nice little number as a trader in an investment back. It was busy, which l enjoyed, the money was very good and so was the partying.
After a while my drinking was becoming a problem both for me and my employer. They gave me two weeks leave and told me to sort myself out. I found a nice clinic where they gave me nice pills, spoke nicely, told me I was cured and gave me a nice big bill.
I obviously wasn't 'cured' but I had gone a period of time without a drink, gotten over the worst of the heebeegeebees and with support from friends and some heavy duty benzo's managed to stay off the grog. My main boss, it turned out, had been an addict himself and proved to be quite understanding; in fact it was him who suggested I join a gym, and so it was that I replaced one addiction with another, albeit a much healthier one.
Six months into my new life and I'm in the gym almost nightly, giving it large, muscles bulging, heart pounding, sweat pouring; I loved it. I'd never felt so good.
One evening at the gym a very vaguely familiar face wanders over,
'It's Mike, isn't it?"
"Yes that's right, sorry, do I know you?"
"Barry, Barry Jones. We met a few times at Uni."
"When I saw you come in I thought you looked familiar, but I couldn't place you."
Barry says not to worry, I was very pissed the few time we met, probably hard to remember. After a bit more small talk he asks, "Do you remember Liz Cordon?"
"I do," I say. "Beautiful looking girl, big boobs, always flirting and trying to cajole people into joining some student society or other."
Barry laughs, "That's the one, we're engaged now."
I felt myself redden a bit, "Sorry mate, didn't mean to be insulting."
"No worries," he smiled. "Liz would probably agree with that description herself. Anyway, we're having a BBQ Saturday night, you should come along, Liz would love to meet you again and there should be a few others you know too."
Now it's not that I don't like BBQ's, but the thought of being around lots of people drinking worries me, also I often acted like a complete bollix when at Uni, and then there's the question of women.
I was, somehow, quite successful with women, my often drunken patter charming the knickers off of more than a few of my fellow students. The prospect of meeting someone I had either slept with or had offended, or maybe both of these things, really didn't appeal.
I reluctantly agreed, and so on a balmy Saturday evening in July I bought a bottle of wine and a six pack of non alcoholic beer for myself and went to the BBQ.
Liz was as vivacious as l remembered her, giving me a big hug, seemingly unaware of the effects her big boobs could have on a man when pressed into his chest. I was introduced to a few people I didn't know and then found myself a little corner where l could stand and take it all in. It was then that Sarah came over to me, she told me we had met twice at parties and that l had twice tried my hardest to chat her up, I said it surely couldn't have been my hardest, which got a little laugh. A little bit more small talk and then Bam! "I want to sleep with you."
..............
Anyone looking at me as Sarah walked away would surely have seen a large, grown man with his jaw hanging open. I really was taken aback.
After I had re gathered my composure I spent the rest of the evening making small talk and stealing glances at Sarah, studying her face, unmade up as far as I could tell but with a glowing, English rose like complexion. And wondering, wondering what lie ahead and also what lie beneath her leggings and the loose, white, thigh length shirt she was wearing. Finally she came over to me.
"You ready to go?"
"Yes."
.................
We walked out of the house, a few knowing glances and nods bidding us farewell.
"Where too?" Sarah asked.
"I only live about fifteen minutes walk away so we could go there."
"Perfect."
As we rounded the first corner Sarah stopped me, put her hand behind my head and brought me down for a kiss. I've had plenty of kisses before, but none like this. It seemed to go on forever, sending sensations through my whole body, l actually felt my knees start to buckle.
"Wow."
Sarah smiled coyly, she took my hand and we began to walk. After no more than ten steps it was my turn, l nearly lifted her off the ground in my eagerness to kiss her, this time it was her turn to say,
"Wow, at this rate we'll never get to yours." We both laughed like love struck kids.
We walked, talked and laughed. She said that she'd liked me when we'd met before but that I was too much of a pisshead and that I was much nicer sober. She told me she worked as a graphic designer but really wanted to be a professional photographer. l talked about my work and my battle with the booze. Only as l was putting the key in the lock did the reality of what we were planning to do hit me.
"Nice apartment."
"Thanks."
"You live here alone?"
"Is it that obvious?"
Sarah just smiled and asked for the bathroom. Whilst she was gone l was thinking. Up to this point Sarah had been very assertive and seemed to know exactly what she wanted, which was both a new and enjoyable experience for me, but l was a bit conflicted, my alpha side telling me to take control.
"You found it Ok?"
"Yes thanks, I must say this place is very neat and tidy, for a bachelor pad."
"Confession, I have a cleaner come in once a week."
"That explains it."
We both smiled and looked at each other.
"Where's the bedroom?"
"Through there, but l want you to take your clothes off here," I said, trying to slow my breathing and sound calm.
Sarah stared at me, then with a slight grin started to unbutton her shirt. I knew from cuddling Sarah earlier that she was slim and small breasted, not my normal 'type', but as she slowly worked her way down, it was all I could do not to let my tongue hang out, or burst out of my trousers for that matter.
As she removed her shirt I could see that she wore no bra under her thin, delicately laced camisole, the outline of her small breasts and erect nipples clearly visible. Sarah never took her eyes off of me as she lifted it slowly over her head, standing, almost challenging me to absorb every inch of her. After a few seconds she slowly turned, showing me her slim, finely muscled back. It was only then that I noticed how toned her whole body was, defined arms and back and slim legs leading to an incredibly pert bum, still hidden under her leggings.
The sexual tension was incredible, she stood facing me again, an eyebrow gently raised, questioning. What do you think? Shall I continue? I smiled and gave a little nod, this was the most erotic thing I had ever seen.
Sarah chuckled, " You're enjoying this." She blew me a kiss, lightning the mood and breaking the spell and in what looked like one movement removed her leggings and shoes.
She stood naked and proud, " What do you think?"
"Beautiful."
She walked forward and gave me the lightest of kisses, "Your turn now."
Moving sensually was not my thing, so l just took a deep breath and stripped, Sarah standing with an amused smirk, particularly when I had to stretch my underpants outwards to get them over my engorged cock.
"Golly, that's bigger and more beautiful than I had heard."
"Excuse me?"
"Your cock and what you could do with it were the talk of the student bars."
"Piss off."
"Well maybe not quite, but still you had a reputation."
"Blimey!"
She winked at me, "I like nice cocks, that's why I wanted to sleep with you."
"Use me and abuse me why don't you."
"l fully intend to."
Sarah grabbed my cock with a surprisingly strong grip and started to pump it slowly.
"Ooh this is going to be fun, it's not the longest I've seen but it's certainly the thickest, my fingers are nowhere near touching."
Now l like dirty talk as much as the next man but I was beginning to get a little bit freaked.
"How many have you seen?"
"Ooh lots," She said, her rhythm on my cock never changing. "I'm quite an aficionado, in fact you could say I'm fascinated by them."
Now I would have like to have asked her more but all I could manage was a groan, the rhythmic pumping having the desired effect. Sarah knew she had me, she brought her other hand around and gently squeezed my balls. "Come with me," and with that she lead me, by the cock, into the bedroom.
We stopped just before the bed, Sarah kissed me, her hand never leaving my cock.
"Lay down, I'm going to fuck your brains out."
I did as she said, propping myself up on the pillows so I could watch Sarah. She positioned herself between my legs, running her hands up my body, slowly tracing the outline of the muscles, stopping with her head beside my cock. "I don't think there's any chance of that fitting in my mouth," she said, before running her tongue the length of it and sticking her tongue into the slit, eliciting groans of both pain and pleasure, so sensitive was it. "Ooh sorry," Sarah said, before kissing it better, which was both adorable and delicious.
Sarah raised herself up, her eyes locked into mine as she straddled me. I don't think my cock has ever been as hard, aching , so engorged was it. Sarah grabs a hold and positions me at her opening then stops, staring at me with a devilish look. She lets go and starts to tease her clit before slipping two fingers into herself. Her expression changes, eyes closed as she starts frigging herself hard. God she is so hot. I'm completely mesmerized by Sarah, holding my breath as she's pants, writhes and shudders into what looks like the most intense orgasm I have ever seen. She's gone, half open eyes looking but not seeing, lost and vulnerable in that intense, incredible feeling. I sit forward and put my arms around Sarah, holding her close, her head nestled into my lightly haired chest. As her breathing settles Sarah looks at me.
"Sorry."
"For what?"
"For not fucking you." And then half heartedly, "We could do it now."
"Don't spoil it, that was the most erotic, intense thing I have ever seen, it was mind blowing for me so god only knows how you must feel." I brush the hair from her face, I honestly think this is the sexiest woman I have ever met. "Lay down," I say.
We lay making small talk, Sarah cuddled into me, her head on my right shoulder, her right arm across me and my hand firmly on her bum, my middle finger just lying between her cheeks. This feels so gorgeous and so right.
Sarah started tracing shapes across my skin with the lightest touch of her fingers. Now although I still felt horny, the horniness had been tempered by the contentedness that I felt in having this incredible woman close to me. But once her fingers started moving, my libido went into overdrive, my skin on fire and my cock rock hard, touching my belly button and ready to do some serious damage.
Sarah sensed my tension, her hand reaching down and touching me, her fingers feeling slightly sticky as they touched my hot skin.
"Oh my god! That feels even bigger than before."
"I really need to explode, I want to be deep inside you."
Sarah didn't say anything she just bit my chest,
"Ouch."
She pulled me over and wriggled under me at the same time, our faces only inches apart as I supported my weight.
"I want you to fuck me so hard, Drill me, Screw me." Sarah put her arms around my neck and pulled her face to mine, kissing and biting my lips, frenzied in her passion.
I put a hand between us and pinched her nipple hard,
"Ouch, harder!"
I pinched again, holding the pressure there.
"Fuck Me!"
Both our hands went down, Sarah holding her pussy lips open as I started to slowly push into her, aware of my size and her small frame.
"Harder," Sarah barked, biting and scratching, pushing herself onto me. Meeting each one of my thrusts with one of her own, she wrapped her legs around me, opening herself up and pulling me in at the same time.
The sheer animal brutality of it proved to much, I exploded with a force I didn't think possible. I know it's only a few cc's but it felt like gallons, wave after wave, spasm after spasm.
Sarah held on tight, not allowing our bodies to part or my cock to leave her hot, glorious hole.
"Kneel up," she said and I knelt back on my haunches, easily bringing Sarah with me. I was suddenly acutely aware of the difference in our sizes. I was a muscular, broad shouldered six footer and she was a slim, small boned woman. I must have easily been twice her weight. Surely I must have hurt her.
I kissed her, "That was amazing, incredible," I said.
"Yes it was."
"Thank you," I kissed her again, holding her tightly. "I'm sorry if I was a bit rough, I hope I didn't hurt you."
As if by answer Sarah pushed herself down on me and held my soft cock tight with her pussy, "No, maybe bruised my cervix a bit, but apart from that.." I looked at Sarah, her face breaking into a gorgeous smile, her eyes twinkling, letting me know she was joking me. I smiled, god I could love this woman.
The next morning I awoke and was aware of Sarah sat up in the bed next to me, sketching on a note pad that I normally leave in the kitchen. She leant down and kissed me.
"Morning sleepy head, I helped myself to coffee, I hope you don't mind."
"No of course not."
"Would you like a cup?"
"Yes please."
Sarah jumped out of bed and went to the kitchen, god, she really was gorgeous, lithe and energetic and seemingly completely at ease with herself and her naked body. I leant over and picked up the pad from the bedside cabinet where Sarah had left it. On it was a drawing of a mans midsection, presumably mine, covering from halfway up my thighs to just below my ribcage. I'm not artistically natured but to me it seemed very good. Sarah returned with the coffee.
"That's a very good drawing."
"Thanks, I hope you didn't mind me drawing you why you were still asleep." I shook my head
"There's another one on the previous page."
I flipped over the page to be greeted by a very detailed drawing of my penis, veins and all.
"Wow, I wasn't expecting that," I said, Sarah just smiled at me. I looked at it some more, "It nearly looks like there's colours in it, how'd you do that?"
"It's just shading, gives that effect."
"Very good."
"I hope you don't mind, I loved the look of it when I woke up and wanted to draw it."
"No I don't mind, you wouldn't know it was mine, it could be anyone's."
"I'd always know it was yours."
"Do you draw pictures of all the cocks you've seen?"
"No, I normally take photos of them."
Before I could say anymore Sarah kissed me deeply and this inevitably lead to another rip-roaring love making session. Oh, and my coffee went cold.
We spent the rest of the day together, in fact over the next couple of weeks we spent nearly all our free time together mainly at mine as Sarah shared an apartment. Sarah was as good as her word and started taking some photos of me, awake and with my permission, often my genitals but other parts also.
One evening Sarah said her flat mate was moving out and she'd have to get someone else in to share the rent. I said it would make more sense if she moved in with me.
"Don't you think that's a big step for us to take?"
"It is, but you're here most of the time, which I love and I like the idea of you living here, if you want to."
Sarah was quite for a time and then said "I'd love to," and with a smile, "I can be your live in lover, you can be my muse, I can take photos and draw pictures of you whenever I want."
"Umm" I said.
She seemed to work in body parts, rarely taking ones of my face or whole body. I was happy with my body and enjoyed the attention. I'll admit that I found it an incredible turn on having this beautiful woman take pictures of my body. Whenever she was taking ones of my prick I would very quickly get a hard on which Sarah would give out about as it wasn't always the shot she was after.
"I already have lots of pics of your ginormous, gorgeous hard ons, I want ones of it flaccid or semi-hard."
"I know, but I can't help it, it's the effect you have on me."
We tried taking shots after sex, but nothing was as guaranteed to get me hard again as Sarah getting her camera or phone and taking photos.
"There's only one thing for it, whenever we're both at home you have to be naked, you can't possibly stay hard the whole time, that way I'll get lots of different shots."
"What!, you want me to prance around bollock naked, just so you can take some photos."
"Yes," she laughed. Coming over to me she took my cock in her soft hands "It'll be fun, and I'll join you in the buff, we'll live naked."
I wanted to argue, but Sarah knew the way to a mans heart wasn't through his stomach but somewhere south of that, and by twisting her wrist, twisted me around her finger in two seconds flat.
So it was that we started living naked, this was no problem for Sarah who even as a child had been on naturist holidays with her parents and seemed happier out of clothes than in them. For me it was more problematic, do you know how dodgy it is to open a hot oven with a big dong sticking out in front of you? It can be eye watering to say the least. Sarah took great delight in first buying and then dressing me up in a flowery little apron.
I came to love being naked and whilst nakedness in of itself isn't necessarily sexual, our nakedness certainly was, every time we would touch it was electric, no hiding our arousal, whether it was Sarah's erect nipples and delicious wet pussy or my hard cock and whimpering like a dog on heat every time Sarah would even just put her hands on my hips, or better still, run her finger up the crack of my arse.
The photography, our original reason for going naked, was now nearly secondary. Sarah would snap away whenever the mood took her. I asked a few times to see the shots she had taken but Sarah said she either wasn't happy with them or wanted me to wait till she printed them. Pretty lame excuses but I wasn't fussed, I was in love with the sexiest, most gorgeous woman I had ever met, on top of which we lived naked and fucked nearly every single day.
One afternoon Sarah phoned and said she and her boss were taking a good client out for a meal that night and probably drinks afterwards, I said no problem, enjoy yourself and I'll see you later. It was weird, it was the first night since Sarah moved in that we weren't together, should I go naked or stay dressed? I compromised and wore light lounge clothing that I could strip off and be naked in a second.
Around 10pm Sarah phoned, a little worse for ware. She said they were having a great time, had been talking and the client and her boss would love to meet me. Why didn't I come and meet them and I could drive us home later. I really didn't want to, for many reasons, but wanted to be supportive to Sarah. I agreed, got dressed and drove down to the bar.
I walked into the packed pub, a place I would have once been in my element in, but now I felt uncomfortable and even a bit threatened. I pushed my way, maybe more aggressively than necessary, through the throng of people, eventually finding the table where Sarah and her friends were sat. Sarah saw me and I think sensed my unease. She jumped up, came to me, kissed me wonderfully and said into my ear, "I love you."
I know she was a bit pissed but this was the first time she had said it and it meant the world to me. I held her tightly and said "I love you too" The hub-bub of the pub seemed to fade into the background. Sarah took me by the hand and led me to the quieter corner table where they were sitting.
Sarah introduced her boss John and their client Marissa to me. John was exactly as Sarah had described him to me, very camp and very friendly, greeting me with a big hug and,
"The delicious Michael, lovely to meet you at last, Sarah's told me so much about you."
"All good I hope."
"Oh absolutely darling," finishing this with a knowing smile and a theatrical wink.
"And this is Marissa, an old friend of John's."
Marissa was a cooler customer altogether, standing, offering her hand as if I might kiss it, her eyes never leaving me.
"Michael, lovely to meet you, this clever girl of yours has been telling me all about you."
I felt my skin prickle, who the fuck was this woman. I shook her hand, gave a faint smile and sat down. I think Sarah was a wee bit embarrassed but John seemed oblivious.
"Sarah has been telling me and Marissa all about her love of photography and showed us some of her work, we're very impressed," pausing, smirking for effect "And said we'd love to meet her star, her inspiration, namely you."
Sarah was obviously mortified, her head slightly down, unable to look at me. I was more angry than embarrassed, not at Sarah but at these two pricks.
"Really, how nice for you," I said, glaring a bit.
"I hope you're not disappointed."
John was again oblivious, this time to my narky tone.
"Oh no, not at all, your as delicious as I thought you'd be, even dressed."
I couldn't help myself, smiling I said,
"Thanks." I stood up, "Anyone like another drink?"
I went to the bar to get the drinks, Sarah following to help me carry them.
"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen."
"Don't be, I don't mind. I'm proud of my body and I'm proud of you. John seems nice enough but that Marissa's a bit of a queer one."
Sarah laughed, "In more ways than one."
"How's that?" I asked
"One of Marissa's businesses is a small art gallery, she was saying she was looking for new artists to display and John mentioned me and that's how we came to be out tonight and how they've seen some of my work."
"Wow, that's brilliant, well done."
"It is great, thanks. Anyway, we were talking about this and that, and cocks, and they both said they wanted to meet you." This was too weird, I just looked at Sarah, she continued.
"Anyways, earlier on I thought Marissa fancied you and your cock but as the nights gone on I think it's me she fancies."
I wanted to laugh but managed to keep a straight face,
"You need to do whatever it takes to get to the top, also I think John likes me, so you can go home with Marissa and I'll go home with John, better still we can all go home together and fuck each others brain out, we'll have a right old time."
"What!, you serious?"
"Yeah, why not, it could be fun, spice things up a bit."
Sarah looked at me, a worried and uncertain look on her face, I couldn't hold it any longer and a silly grin crept across my face. She elbowed me in the ribs.
"You nearly had me going then."
"Still it might be interesting."
"Fuck off," said Sarah.
-------------------------------------------------
The next few weeks were full of frantic energy as Sarah prepared her works for the exhibition, she was being given one large room to use, approximately 30 works. She was still busy at work so every evening was spent at the computer, manipulating and re-manipulating images. I wasn't allowed to see them, my job was to keep Sarah fed and coffee'd. Our sex life suffered a bit, but I really didn't mind.
One evening I was lying on the sofa reading, naked as always. I found myself feeling incredibly randy. Sarah was sat nearby at the table on her laptop and I didn't want to disturb her, but the feeling wouldn't go away. I started to masturbate, slowly at first, my hand gently pumping my already hard cock. Sarah looked over.
"You dirty thing, what you doing?"
"Umm" was all I said
Sarah tried going back to the computer but kept looking over.
"Stop it, you're putting me off"
"Umm"
I had her full attention now, I quickened my pace, a small amount of pre cum darted out the end, good god was I horny, I could cum at any moment. I slowed my pace and started playing with the foreskin, pulling it tort, digging my fingers into it, this felt so good. Sarah's eyes bored into me.
"Don't you dare cum," Sarah ordered. "I've got a surprise for you."
Sarah turned her chair so she was facing me, she put her hand up to her mouth and slowly inserted two fingers, sucking them, in and out, in and out. Her other hand was pulling hard at her nipples, making herself groan, she was so, so hot. She moved her now thoroughly wet fingers down to her pussy only briefly rubbing her clit before inserting two wet fingers into herself, this was followed by a third and then a fourth. I had never seen anything like this before, she was knuckle deep in her own pussy and by the look on her face, really enjoying it. This was overwhelming.
"I think I'm gonna cum," I said.
"Don't, take your hand away." I did as I was told. I thought Sarah wanted me to wait for her to cum, which looked like it would be very soon, but to my surprise she removed her hand from her pussy and came over to me.
"This is your surprise, put your hands behind your head and lay still." I did as she said, she knelt beside me and put her dripping hand on my engorged member, coating it in her juices. OMG what a sensation. She then opened her mouth wide and took me in. Wow, not only did it feel amazing but it looked incredible too, this beautiful, petite girl with my big dick stuck in her mouth. Wow.
I'm not sure how she managed because she had always said in would never fit, but Sarah seemed to have about half of my cock in her mouth. Sarah came up for air, which was a very good thing as I didn't think I could last much longer.
"That feels incredible," I said
"Good, there's more to come, I want you to hold my head and push it down like they do in the porno movies, make me gag, fuck my face."
"What?"
"Fuck my face baby."
Sarah went back down on me, and being a good boy I did as I was told. Pushing her head down, gently at first, but as she got use to gagging and I got more into it, harder and harder, till I exploded in her throat. I hadn't cum in three or four days and there was some amount of cum come out of me that day. That definitely made Sarah gag.
She sat up, and with the sexiest smile I had ever seen, let some of the cum out of her mouth and dribble down her chin, adorable.
I had had blow jobs before but no one had ever got as much of my 9in in as Sarah did, the girth proving to be a problem.
"How did you manage that?, I didn't think it could fit."
"I've been practicing."
"On who?"
"Not on who, silly, on what."
"On what then?"
"On cucumbers, I tried courgettes but the texture was horrible."
I laughed. "You can laugh," said Sarah. "I nearly gave the poor man down the market a heart attack, I've been going in for weeks, asking him to give me the thickest one he's got."
"And John at work also gave me a few hints and tips, said he come round and demonstrate if I wanted him to."
"I'm sure he did" I said, smiling.
-----------------------------------------
Sarah told me that her two younger sisters were coming up to London for the opening of her exhibition and would it be ok if they stayed with us for a couple of nights. I said of course it would. I hadn't met any of her family but knew she was the second eldest of four children, her elder brother was an officer in the army and her two sisters Ruth 18 and Sadie 20 were both at college.
"The only problem is we'll have to get dressed," I said
"No we don't, the girls have no problem with nudity."
"They might not have a problem, but I do, I know I'm only 26 but I'd feel like an old perv in front of the girls."
"Ok old man, we'll get dressed, if we must."
The girls were arriving Friday evening and we decided it would be easiest to get a take away curry and a couple of bottles of wine. The first thing I noticed about them was how similar they looked to each other and to Sarah. Ruth had thicker, more sumptuous lips and lighter colour eyes, but other than that very similar.
Where they did differ was in body shape. They were both a little taller than Sarah and whereas Sarah was nearly boyish, with slim hips and small boobs, these two where definitely women. Sadie had tight jeans on which showed off her shapely legs and fabulous round arse. On top she wore a tight fitting jumper which emphasised large tits, showing the tiniest bit of cleavage. I've no idea of bra sizes but they were definitely more than a hand full. Ruth had an altogether more hippy chic about town look to her, long flowing skirt and loose top, but you couldn't hide those curves. I welcomed them in and commented on how much they all looked alike, Sarah must have read my mind.
"Apart from the boobs," she said.
"And the arses," chirped in Ruth.
"Yes, we got mummies boobs, Sarah got Daddies," said Sadie. They all laughed, this was going to be a fun night. They spent the evening catching up and giggling about different goings on, getting more raucous as the wine flowed. When we went to bed Sarah was quite drunk and all over me wanting to shag.
"We can't, the girls are only next door and will hear us."
"I'll be quite."
"I don't trust you."
"Spoil sport," and with that she put her head on my shoulder and was asleep in about ten seconds flat.
I was first up the next morning and set about fixing breakfast. Sarah soon followed and greeted me with a big hug and a squeeze of my dick through my sweat pants, before sitting down and checking her phone. I was stood at the cooker when I heard a "Morning" turning around just in time to see the back of Ruth heading to the bathroom, wearing just a short tee shirt, the bottom of her delectable arse cheeks showing. I looked at Sarah who looked up with a mischievous smile , muttering, "tut, tut, tut." I turned back to the bacon, planning on sneaking another peak when Ruth returned.
Two seconds later I heard Sadie come out of the bedroom "Woohoo! Nudie Saturday."
What the hell, I turned around to find Sadie bold as brass, stark naked, arms wide as if to say "Taadaa!" Just then Ruth returned from the bathroom. "Wait for me, I don't want to miss out on the fun," and she promptly takes off her tee shirt revealing the most gorgeous cantaloupe sized boobs, with long, erect nipples. Sadie leant into Ruth and pinched one of her nipples "Tart" she said, "Slag" Ruth retorted. They both laughed, I was speechless, just gauping at the site in front of me.
Sarah came to me, "Now it's your turn."
"I don't think so."
"I think so," and she started lifting my tee shirt.
"Wait," I said, holding on to my tee shirt. Sarah just gave me that 'you know you want to' look, and fuck me, I really did want to. She threw my tee shirt on the floor. "Now for the piece de resistance," she said, kneeling down in front of me, peeling down my pants. She was so close to me that as she pulled down my pants, my dick sprang back up and hit her in the chin. I could hear "oohs' and "aahs" from the girls.
Sarah kissed it, before taking the tip into her mouth. She stood up, "only teasing, doesn't naked feel better."
"Much," I replied.
The girls came closer.
Sadie said "It looks much nicer in real life than in the snaps you sent me." I threw a glance at Sarah, who gave a 'butter wouldn't melt' innocent look back.
"And bigger" said Ruth "Can we touch it?"
"No," I said.
"Yes," said Sarah, and with that Ruth took my cock in her hand. "It's so heavy."
"Let me have a feel," Sadie took a hold. "Oh yes, it's so lovely and warm and hard."
"Can we make him cum?" Asked Ruth
"Only with your hands."
"Spoil sport."
Sarah took a step back and started videoing us with herphone, this was insane.
"What have I to do, stand here like a good little boy?"
Sarah thought for a moment, "No, grab their arses, slap them, hard."
What I really wanted to do was to lean down and kiss them both or better still, push their heads together and watch them kiss each other, but I thought that might be a bit weird. (As if this whole scene wasn't already weird). Instead I played with their hair before moving my hands down to their amazing, jiggling boobs. They both had one hand on my cock and were pumping it vigorously, their whole bodies were moving, tits bouncing up and down, it was an amazing site.
Before meeting Sarah I would have cum ages ago, but I had trained myself to control it as good as any porn star. I actually think the girls were getting a bit of cramp in there wrists. I was loving this and Sarah videoing it made it even hornier.
I took a boob in each hand, weighing, kneading. Oh to be flexible, I would have loved to suck their nipples. A wicked thought entered my head, I lifted Ruth's tit up and offered it to Sadie, she copped on straight away and took it in her mouth
"Hot," I heard Sarah say.
"My turn now," Ruth said. Sadie let go of Ruth's boob and lifted her own up for Ruth to suck.
This was really hot and I could feel my climax building, but I didn't want it to end. I gave them both a sharp slap on the arse, which brought forth a little yelp and some giggles, and put them off their stroke a bit, giving me some relief.
I then had an even wickeder thought, I motioned with my head for Sarah to move to the side behind Ruth. When she had, I wetted my middle finger, moved it down to her arse again and found Ruth's hole, pressing gently on her anus. I think she had been unaware of what I was planning but when she felt the pressure she let out a little moan and pushed back a bit. That was all the encouragement I needed. I pushed my finger through her sphincter, feeling the muscles tighten around me. Ruth let out a little "Ouch," but didn't pull away.
"Dirty bastard," I heard Sarah say, a big wide grin on her face.
As I started finger fucking Ruth's arse she let go of my dick and started frigging herself, rubbing her clit and rapidly fingering herself, her other hand clawing at her boobs. Sadie now had two hands on me and was doing her Damnedest.
"I'm cumming," Ruth gasped.
"So am I," I said, and with that Sarah knelt down, her phone about six inches in front of my dick.
"Target practice," she said as I aimed a steam of whiteness at the screen, "Bulls eye!"
As we got our breath Sadie asked, "Who's gonna get me off."
"You could watch the video and do it yourself," said Ruth.
"Boring."
"Mike has a great tongue as well," said Sarah.
"Ooh," cooed Sadie.
"No fucking way," I said.
"Yes fucking way," said Sarah and Sadie together.
But that's another story...