Lori wasn't there when I woke. Big surprise. She was almost always up before I was. Checking the time, it was just before seven.
I jumped into the shower then quickly scrubbed my teeth to get rid of morning breath before pulling on shorts and a t-shirt and going into the main room where I found Lori talking to Vanessa. They were dressed, Lori in a tight...I mean skintight running shorts and tank tops stretched to the point of bursting! Vanessa had on grey shorts and a thin white undershirt, hugging her chest like a second skin! "What's going on?"
Lori bounced over and kissed me. "We were just getting ready to go to the gym! Want to join?"
"Sure. Where's Eric?" I asked.
Lori looked to Vanessa, who blushed "Yeah, he's, uh, he's pretty worn out. We're going to have to work on that."
That was more than a little blunt for her but then she had been changing since Lori and I started dating.
"Let's go." Lori led the way. I was only too happy to follow two of the hottest asses I had ever seen.
At the elevator I asked "Are either of you are wearing underwear?"
"Nope!" answered Lori. "Just this, see?" pulling the waistband of her shorts out. I could see her smooth mound and felt my dick start to swell. She let go and walked over to me. "I hope there isn't a problem with that." I noticed I could see both sets of nipples, shape and color!
"You're corrupting Vanessa." I joked, causing Vanessa to grin.
"No I'm not. It was her idea to..." Lori cut off before adding cheerfully. "Besides, I'm all yours!" placing her hands in my shorts, she started to rub my dick then gasped in mock surprise, "You don't have any on either!" before pulling my shorts all the way down just in time for us to reach our floor.
Vanessa stood watching. I saw her lick her lips and start to take a step towards us but the doors opened and then I was busy trying to pull my shorts up. Thankfully, no one was there.
We walked to the 'gym', which turned out to be six treadmills, a couple of ellipticals, and a weight machine. That was OK.
Picking the treadmills, we talked as we walked. The girls decided that we should have a picnic this afternoon and started making plans then we talked about Prom. Lori told me we needed to go out dancing more often. Vanessa chimed in, saying she wanted to go too. I pretty much stayed out of it, figuring that I'd enjoy whatever they came up with.
Lori stopped to get a drink then screamed as she 'accidentally' splashed water all over her shirt.
Yeah, pretty much see through.
Getting back on the treadmill, she 'focused' on her walk. I stared at Lori in the mirror, watching her boobs bounce, and wondered if I should have her take the shirt off.
Vanessa was also watching and I saw a calculating look on her face. She stopped and made no pretense of an 'accidentally' getting her shirt wet, making it virtually transparent! She even went so far as to pinch and pull her nipples as she watched us in the mirror.
Lori laughed at her but kept walking. Saying nothing, Vanessa returned to her treadmill. I started to ask what was going on but decided to wait. I'd find out eventually.
After about 15 minutes, we were joined by a couple of guys who looked to be brothers and were talking as they entered. They both stopped as they saw us or more specifically, the girls or maybe it was Vanessa.
She'd sped up her treadmill to a fast walk a few minutes before. See through shirt, no bra with huge boobs. It was one hell of a sight!
It was hard not to laugh as I watched the guys quietly argue over who was going to get the treadmill next to Vanessa. It looked like maybe the older brother won.
Vanessa made sure to bounce and jiggle all over the place and almost managed to make it look natural! I looked at Lori but she just shrugged.
To their credit, the guys kept trying to start up a conversation with her but she ignored them; choosing instead to talk to us. She got downright nasty right off the start! I thought Lori was going to fall off the treadmill when Vanessa asked how it felt to have her butt fucked for the first time!
Lori's eyes and mouth both opened wide as Vanessa continued. "He was licking your ass and you were screaming so loud! I just knew security was going to start pounding on the door!"
I decided to add to it. "Hey, thanks for holding her legs while I got her ready."
Lori gaped and, burning red, finally managed a weak "You guys!"
Looking over at Vanessa, I asked "What about you? Aren't you sore? I would think losing your virginity would be a little painful."
Vanessa turned a darker shade of red than Lori and the guy next to her tripped and almost fell off his treadmill. His brother, at the far end, was cracking up.
"Well, I would have been sore but his dick isn't anywhere near as big as yours!" she called back as she recovered.
"HEY! Back off skank! That's MY meat!" Lori put in.
"SKANK?" huffed Vanessa. "You slut! At least I didn't tattoo my cunt with his name!"
Whoa! Where'd that come from? Were they joking or...?
"You're just jealous that Mike's got a huge cock that I get to fuck whenever I want! AND I know how to keep him happy!"
"Oh that's right! I watched you guys fucking last night! He was banging away at your butt and you, you..." she faltered.
"What? You can't say it can you? I screamed like a banshee when he ripped me open!" reaching back she rubbed her tight butt, "I'm still a little sore." finished Lori. She was bright red but looked over and blew me a kiss.
Both of the guys had stopped even pretending and were openly watching.
That's when Lori really upped the ante. She climbed off her treadmill and walked over to me, looking me right in the eye. "I'd do it again. Right here and now if he wanted me to. What do you say, Mike? You want to fuck my butt again and make me eat your spunk?"
"Uh..."
Vanessa stopped her treadmill and pushed Lori away. "How about trying me, Mike. I may not be a slutty as she is but I'll make sure you're happy." She grabbed her boobs and started to press them together. "I'll let you fuck my tits." she said seductively, "I saw you watching me last night."
Lori stood beside me and yelled "Back off bitch! He's mine!"
"Whoa! Girls! What the heck? You're, uh..."
They both looked at me as if seeing a monkey talk before telling me to stay out of it! Then Lori reached up and ripped Vanessa's shirt, exposing most of her left breast and nipple. Vanessa looked down, screamed in fury, and ripped Lori's shirt OFF!
I looked over in time to see the door close as the brothers left and couldn't help but feel a little bit envious.
The girls stared at each other for a minute longer before Lori burst out laughing. Vanessa winked at me as she started to giggle. I stared in confusion until Lori finally explained that they had planned it all. "Well, maybe not all the name calling, but at least showing our tits. It really is too bad that they left. I bet Vanessa that I could get us both naked. Oh well, I guess I'll have to pay up."
"Oh, yeah, you're going to pay." said Vanessa, looking at me.
"Pay up?" I asked. "What's the prize?" but they both remained silent. Knowing they weren't going to tell me, "Let's go back to the room."
Lori looked at Vanessa and said "You too. You promised."
"I'm not backing out." she replied ripping her shirt the rest of the way off then dropping her shorts as Lori peeled hers off. They both stood in tennis shoes, socks, and ponytails. Very confused, I picked up their clothes and asked, "Ready?" then led the way out.
Walking down the hall, they held hands. As we rounded the corner to the elevators, the brothers were there talking. Seeing the girls walking towards them, naked, they just stared. Lori and Vanessa looked at each other then walked past them and pressed the button for the elevator. Vanessa's hand was rubbing Lori's ass as they leaned against each other while we waited for the elevator.
As the doors closed, Lori called out "Sorry we were so rude! We had some things to work out."
The elevator ride was uneventful if you discount that I had two naked girls pressed up against either side of me. Lori had her hand down the front of my shorts and Vanessa was rubbing my ass.
As soon as we got back to the room I spun around "What the fuck is going on! I kinda get the gym and the guys in the hall. But what was that in the elevator?"
Vanessa looked at Lori, "Eric's gone."
I shook my head. "Gone? Where?"
"I don't know. We, uh, had sex then he fell asleep. I heard you guys going at it and tried to wake him up but couldn't...so I went to sleep. When Lori woke me up, he was gone. He sent me a text that something had come up and he had to leave. That we would talk later." explained Vanessa.
Not able to believe it, I had to go check their room. Eric and his stuff were gone. When I got my phone to call him, I saw that he had sent me a text too.
"Sorry I had to cut out. I'll talk to you later. Make sure Vanessa gets home. Tell her I'm not really a jerk."
O...K
I gave her the message and started to ask questions. Turns out that Eric got a little too excited and didn't last too long. Yeah, well, neither had I the first time. But I guess I didn't have 'us' fucking outside our door. CRAP!
I tried to call him but he didn't answer. I sent him a text telling him he better call me before nine or I was going to tell everyone at school what had happened. That worked.
"Where the fuck are you?!" I asked. He told me he had been driving around but was still in the area. I told him to meet me in the parking lot and rushed to get dressed. "I'll...no WE will be back soon." I called, rushing out the door.
He was waiting for me in the lobby. I walked past him to my truck, he followed. "Get in!" I growled.
I drove around for a few minutes then stopped at a Sonic. We sat in silence until we got our drinks. "You're an idiot, you know that?" I told him as we drove away.
"You've watched enough porn to know that, even if it was real, you couldn't do it like they do your first time, right?"
Silence. Press on.
"So. Lori and I. We have this thing." I explained. "What you see now isn't how it started. That first night. I was barely inside her before....well. What do you expect? Something that feels that great? Hell, I still have a really hard time holding back."
I looked over and he was staring out the window.
"Are you, like, embarrassed that your first time didn't look like what Lori and I do?" I asked. He just shrugged.
OK. Try something else. "Do I need to knock you around to get anything out of you?" I found a little park and pulled in. "Get out."
I walked around to his side. "Damn it! I thought I was your best friend! Talk to me!"
"What should I say?" he shot back.
"Tell me what's going on."
"It's not Vanessa." he said. I waited him out. "She's incredible. Fun. Smart. Beautiful."
He looked away. "I took that." He said softly. He turned to me, "We were having fun! Damn it!" he yelled.
I started to laugh, not at him but at what he thought.
"It's not funny!" he yelled.
"Do you remember that first night at your house? The four of us?" I asked.
"Yeah. So what?"
"I'm just guessing but you didn't take Vanessa's shirt and bra off did you?" I asked. OK, I knew Lori had something to do with that but he didn't need to know that.
"She didn't have a bra on." he replied sullenly.
"THINK!" I yelled back. "A woman who is incredibly self-conscious about her boobs shows up at your house without a bra. Then, SHE takes her top off. Not you. She did it!" I about hit him to let the light in faster but I saw him playing it through his head. Eric wasn't stupid most of the time. Give him enough facts and he can figure it out.
"We need to go." he said.
"Dumbass!" I confirmed.
We got back to the room and the girls were watching TV. Naked. I just looked at Eric and shook my head. "Dumbass!"
They heard the door close and Vanessa looked up and saw Eric drop his bag. He stood there until I pushed him.
"Yeah, I guess I am a dumbass." he agreed.
Vanessa's eyes flashed to me then back to Eric before she got out of her chair and walked over to him.
I saw the look of shock cross Lori's face quickly replaced with a smile. Crap! What was that all about? Not how I had planned to spend the day.
"Are you going to tell me what's going on?" I asked her.
Lori pulled me into our room and shut the door, hugging me. "Later." then pulled me to the bed, removing my clothes. She crawled in beside me and pulled a sheet over us before snuggling close. Double crap! It was bad.
"Better tell me now." I said.
"It's Vanessa. She's still very confused." she paused. "I was lucky...am lucky to have you. What Eric did? I don't know all of it yet. Vanessa likes Eric but it'll never be love." She hugged me closer, as if the thought chilled her. "She wants to be with him because he's nice and gentle. Aaaand does pretty much whatever she wants."
"So, I should have just let him go?"
Lori shrugged. "I don't know. She's not serious about it. She won't hurt him intentionally but she's likely to do it on accident."
"What was that all about earlier? She seemed...no she is different."
"Yeah. It was a hurtful thing for her to wake up alone." she stopped.
We lay together for a while. "It's more than that. What?"
"Last night. She wasn't as unmoved by my kiss as she pretended." I knew I had read her expression correctly but then Lori hadn't been all that truthful, either. "Then, when she told me Eric was gone, she was so casual. I swear it was almost as if she had been relieved!" shaking again, "She asked about our first time and how you had been so reluctant. That started us talking about other things we had done and how open you were to anything I wanted to try."
I thought about that. "That doesn't seem so bad."
"She didn't come out and say it but she wants...she wants something like we have." She stopped and rested her head on my chest. "I had already dressed to go run. Yeah, I was going just like I was." she confirmed.
I grinned at her and hoped she liked my next surprise.
"Vanessa wanted to come with me . I had the other shorts and your shirt and she took them. It was her idea to tease anyone who came in. We were planning to do something, to somehow flash someone at some point and that's when you walked in."
Lori kissed me deeply and rubbed my chest. "We had just made the bet. Whoever ended up showing the most lost. We had to do whatever the other one did and then push it a little further. I guess it was my two boobs to her one."
"So, you planned the fight?"
She kissed me again before answering, "That was me. I didn't mean to be such a bitch but...Mike, I've seen how she's been looking at you. I don't know what she'll claim as her reward but there are some things I will not allow."
I laughed. "I guess I top the list?"
She sat up. "It's not funny! She can't have you! You're mine!" There was genuine fear in her voice.
Sitting up against the headboard, I pulled her to me. "You have nothing to worry about. It's you I love. The only one."
"Will you Love me?" she asked quietly.
"Of course."
Starting at her calves, I kissed and massaged my way up, making love to every part of her...Lori was full of quiet whimpers and sighs as we moved together, taking our time.
Afterwards we rolled over so that Lori was on top, enjoying each other and trading kisses.
Some time later there was a knock on the door. Vanessa popped her head in. "Hey, guys, can I come in?"
Lori shrugged. "Sure." I called.
She was dripping wet like she had just gotten out of the shower and was rubbing her chest. One look at her face and I saw her need.
I felt Lori tense as she asked, "What's up?"
Closing her eyes, Vanessa knelt beside the bed and started rubbing her front, from neck to thigh. "I need you guys." she said softly. "I can't help it."
"Where's Eric?" I asked, concerned.
"He's still in the shower." she smiled. "We... he fucked me again." Interesting choice of words.
"How can we help?"
Vanessa's hands were rubbing her pussy, now clean-shaven. Her face screwed up in frustration and in a defeated voice she said "I want your dick. And I want Lori."
Alert and cautious, I shared a look with Lori. "What do you want me to do?"
"I don't want you, Mike." she whined. "I just want your dick. And Lori...I can't stop thinking about you and me, you know." she was getting more turned on as she talked.
"I didn't want this! I'm a bigger slut than you Lori, because...because I want his dick. I can't stop thinking about it. I've almost cheated on Eric, twice!" Overwhelming desire was clear in her voice but I didn't know what to do. "I love sex. I mean, it's more than that! I'm so jealous of you guys! I can't get enough. I cum, but I'm not satisfied. I cum again, and it just gets worse! I don't want to cheat on Eric but I just know I'm going to!"
Lori got up and knelt next to her, careful not to touch her. I saw Eric standing in the doorway with just a towel.
"Vanessa? What do you really want?" I asked.
She looked at Lori "I want to be like you. I want to be a slut. I mean, I know you're not but...I want to be fucked. I want to scream and...you fucking passed out last night!" she said in awe. "I want that! I want to fuck Eric all night. I want to...I'm tired of being frustrated!" she lay back on the floor and was working furiously at her clit. Tears were in her eyes.
"Vanessa," I asked, looking at Eric, "What do you want to Eric to do to you?"
"I want him to make me cum." she whined. "I want to cum and cum and cum then I want him to fuck me until I explode!" she looked at me then Lori "Will you help me? Just one time! Please!" she begged. "I'll do anything." she whispered.
Getting up, I went to Lori, motioning to Eric. "Vanessa? Does Eric make you cum?"
"He does but not enough. We always have to stop because we never seem to have enough time." she moaned.
"Why didn't you tell me?" asked Eric.
His voice startled her. "AAAAHHH!!!" she sat up in a panic.
Eric lowered himself next to her. "Why?"
Trapped, she blurted the truth, "I couldn't. You're such a nice guy! You're so fun to be with, but..."
A little angry he said, "So you come in here and tell them instead of me?"
"I didn't know what you'd think if I told you." she whispered.
Lori touched Vanessa's shoulder. "Vanessa, tell Eric what you want. That's what got you here. Tell him everything." she urged standing up.
We left them figure it out then found ourselves in the main room, naked again.
"Well, that was weird." I said. "Next time, we're inviting Brooke and Britt."
"At least we got to be together." Lori snuggled up to me on the couch, kissing my ear and whispered "and you got to do my butt. Add that to the list of things I really like."
"Yeah, being with you is all I want, anyway. Assuming that we ever get back in our room, what do you want to do for the rest of the day?"
"We could just go home." she replied. "Did you have anything planned?"
Yeah, I had had plans. We were going to spend the day lounging and making love and being 18. Go to the mall, maybe see a movie. Nothing specific, but after the drama of last night and this morning? I was ready for home as well. However, even though Lori said she would be OK with going home, it was still a special weekend.
I kissed her back and said "I think we can find something to do. Besides, I brought something for you to wear that I hope you'll like."
"OOOOOOH! What'd you get me?!?" she asked then her stomach growled loudly "Whatever we do we need to eat." she laughed
I looked around for a clock and didn't see one so I turned on the TV. We had plenty of time before anything opened. Lori snagged the remote and we ended up watching a Court TV show. Whatever, she liked it. When it was over Lori decided that it was time for a shower. "I hate to interrupt them but it is our room." she said getting up. I watched her walk away; God, I was lucky!
Lori listened at the door and looked back with a grin. "Sounds like they're having fun!"
She shouldn't have all the fun. I walked over and heard muffled moaning then a smacking sound. I looked at Lori in confusion. The smacking sound got louder as did the moaning.
"I gotta see this." she said and opened the door. Peeking in, she swung the door open "What the hell do you think you're doing?" she screamed. I just caught her arm as she started to rush in.
Eric had Vanessa bent over his lap, her arms were tied behind her back with a belt and there was something in her mouth. Her ass was bright red; it was obvious that Eric had been spanking her. Vanessa had tears streaming down her face and her eyes were wide in shock as she started to struggle to get away.
Eric shouted "Stop!" and brought his hand down on her ass. Vanessa stopped struggling and lay there breathing hard, looking at us.
Lori was still trying to work her arm free, "What are you doing?" she demanded.
"It was her idea." he defended. "After you guys left she told me everything she wanted to do." he shook his head. "I don't know that I understand it all or even agree with it but..."
"Why are you spanking her? Why is she tied up?"
Vanessa began trying to get free again and the rest of her had turned almost as red as her ass.Eric spanked her again.
To Vanessa, "I told you to stop. This is what you said you wanted." Looking at Lori, he said "After her confession, she walked into the bathroom and came back with the belts then told me to tie her up and gag her then spank her. She told me that I'd know when to stop." he seemed half-way ashamed
Vanessa hung her head but nodded.
"I'm not sure but I think she, you know, while I was doing it."
Vanessa looked up with fire in her eyes and nodded emphatically.
"She has some ideas that...I'll let her tell you."
Vanessa's eyes changed from excitement to panic as she tried to get away.
"STOP!" yelled Eric, punctuated with another smack to the ass, harder than the last one and, while it was obvious that it hurt, Vanessa was clearly enjoying it.
Lori had stopped trying to run to her and stood there in slack-jawed amazement.
Eric pushed Vanessa to the carpet and looked down at her. "I'm going to take that gag out of your mouth and you are going to tell them what you told me." I was stunned! I didn't know Eric had that in him.
Eyes wide she shook her head in denial. "OK. Then you know what I'm going to do." he grabbed Lori's phone and got up. "I'm going to need to download something later but you can see it first if you want." the way he said it made it hard to believe that he had been so aggressive just moments ago.
We could clearly hear Vanessa crying out behind the gag. Just before he handed me the phone he stopped and softly said, to us "I know this is some kind of game she's playing but" looking back at Vanessa, "I don't know if I can play it." Vanessa struggled to her knees and was crawling to him. "OK. Last chance. Besides, it's her phone. They're going to see it anyway."
Eric walked over to and untied the belts. She looked up at him furiously then something else entered her eyes. Bowing her head, she shuffled over to Lori. "It was my idea. Being tied up and spanked." She looked back at Eric then continued "I told him what...what I want."
"All of it." he commanded.
Vanessa took a deep breath "I'm not a slut like you. I'm worse. He was right. I came while he spanked me but not one time. It was twice..." she looked up at Lori. "Two times! He never touched my pussy!" the look of joy on her face was frightening.
"I want...Eric and I will never be in love. We both know that, now. He's fun and I really like him but it's not going to last because he can't...he's not like us." 'Us'. I'm not sure what she meant but Llri and I sure as hell weren't into spanking! She continued "He's known this for a while." Eric shrugged and nodded. "I've always envied you, Lori. You're so self-confident and smart. You have a great guy who makes you happy. I...I don't want him. I want what he does to you." she broke off.
"Say it." more gently this time.
"What I told you, earlier, that I wanted you. I still do. I need to taste you, to make you cum...I want to be...I want you."
Lori took a step back into me. I'm sure we had matching expressions of disbelief.
Vanessa surged forward "I'm not in love with you." she said. "It's not even like Brittany and Brooke! I can't explain it."
"She wants you to control her." clarified Eric, "You know, you've heard about people like her." he said it almost with contempt. "That's what she wants. If she can't have you, she's let it be me. She, um, also handed me your phone and told me to take some pictures of her before and after I tied her up. If she doesn't follow through with an order, command, whatever, I'm supposed to use them as, uh..."
He handed me the phone. "There's a video on there too of her saying all this. Oh, and uh," he seemed genuinely embarrassed "She also says that she has a picture and video of Lori being, uh, Lori."
Lori gasped "You wouldn't!"
"I want you." was her meek reply.
We were all surprised by the force of the slap. Vanessa sprawled on the floor but still stared up in triumph.
I barely captured Lori in my arms before she pounced. "OUT!" I yelled. "Get out! Drag her, pull her, whatever! Get her OUT!" I was pissed! She threatened Lori and thought she had won! Pulling Lori into the bathroom, I slammed the door shut. Lori was crying by that time. Her arms wrapped around me as she sobbed.
We stood there until Lori calmed down. Still sniffling, she turned the shower on and directed me to shave. "I've never watched you before." she said.
I was still seething but did as she asked. I'll admit that the simple task helped calm me. By the time I was done, Lori was talking about her gift and when was I going to give it to her. Surprised by her attitude, I figured that we'd sort it out later.
She tried to be very amorous in the shower and if we'd had more time we would have done more but I wanted to get away as quickly as possible.
Lori literally bounced with excitement as she waited for her gift. I took my time getting dressed because I liked watching my beautiful woman make her boobs jiggle. When she finally told me that I had better give over or she was going to just pick out something she brought, I pulled out a small gift bag.
Opening it, she pulled out what looked to be a bright yellow tank top. She looked at me and I said "Put it on."
With a resigned roll of the eyes, she pulled it all the way out and shimmied into it. It hugged every curve, accentuating her perfect body and fell to just above mid-thigh.
"OK. You got me a shirt." she said, unimpressed.
"Nope. It's a tank dress. Now, hair in a ponytail. It's time to go." I said. "Oh, and get your stuff, we will not be coming back."
"A tank-DRESS?" she said, looking down. "This is just a long shirt!"
"Look, here's the tag." handing it to her. I noticed her nipples had hardened, which wasn't too hard through the thin, clinging material. Putting on her white tennis shoes, she looked at herself in the mirror. It was so tight that it almost made her appear naked. I watched as she ran her hands across her tight stomach, up to cup her breasts before lightly tweaking her already obviously hard nipples. She turned left then right to check the fit and length.
Walking over to me, she put her arms around my neck and gave me a slow, deep, passionate kiss. "Is there any wonder why I love you?"
I turned a little bit and pointed to the mirror. "Better watch how you move, you're hanging out." Half of her ass was exposed.
"You are my dirty man." kissing me again.
We gathered our stuff, I carried the bags. Vanessa was sitting in a chair wearing only a white lace kimono. Her large tits and red nipples were blatant. She looked at Lori expectantly.
"Up." Lori commanded; Vanessa jumped. "Come here." She did and Lori walked around her. "Do you see what Michael gave me?" she asked, "We're going to lunch, now. He's going to show me off then, afterwards, I get his cock. I haven't decided where he's going to fuck me first but it is going to end in OUR bed. Then tomorrow, when I wake up, after I suck a big load out of him, I might fuck him again." She casually reaching up and opened Vanessa's robe and lightly caressed her breast before roughly grabbing her right nipple; squeezing, pulling on it until Vanessa dropped to one knee with a cry. Lori lifted her dress a little, "Do you see this? Maybe someday, if Michael gives you permission, I'll let you taste it. Until then, You. Are. Mine. Bitch!" she released the nipple and Vanessa fell forward gasping. As we left, she said "I don't think that you're going to enjoy what I have planned for you but you were right, you are going to be a bigger slut."
The door closed behind us and Lori closed her eyes as she adjusted her dress. "Wait, I forgot something." and ran back to the room.
A few minutes later she returned. "OK. Let's go."
We drove to Ted's and Lori avoided all conversation surrounding Vanessa. "Not until we are at our table."
Lori turned every head in the restaurant. Her prominent nipples and flushed face told me how aroused she was and I almost laughed when she looked at me and was biting her upper lip.
When she whispered, "You know, I'm not really that hungry. We could...Oh my God, Michael, they're...everyone's staring at me!" I started to put my arm around her waist but she stopped me, "If you touch me, I'm going to fuck you right here!" I did laugh at that until she shot me an angry stare, which only caused me to laugh harder!
When we were finally seated at a table in back, Lori was squirming from all of the attention. We received the best service: ever.
Lori still avoided 'THE' topic but reached across the table to grab my hand, "Ok, I lied. I'm starving but can we go back to the hotel when we're done?"
Shaking my head, "I left my key at the front desk, sorry."
Sighing, "You better drive fast, that's all I'm saying!"
After our wait staff made sure, multiple times, that we had everything we needed. Lori told our official waiter that we needed some time to talk, "Would you make sure we're undisturbed unless it's you bringing us our food?" I swear he almost stood guard near our table.
When I heard her plan, I was amazed and a little frightened. That my sweet love could be that devious, well, it reminded me to never piss her off. She planned to give Vanessa some rules. The first rule was that we were equally in charge. Anything we told her to do was to be obeyed without question. I didn't want anything to do with her but I shrugged in agreement.
The details were simple. Eric was going to be allowed to use her whenever he wanted "Of course, if things don't work out between them, I might have to find her a new boyfriend or two."
Lori planned to remind her, daily, that it had been her choice and of what she would never have.
Her wardrobe would change, Vanessa was going to be showing a lot more of her body than she had been. And she'd have to tell anyone who asked about her sudden change in wardrobe that she was a slut or maybe a whore. It all depended on how well she behaved and how Lori felt.
There would be pictures and videos. "Maybe even a website!" she suggested, brightly.
Every time she pissed Lori off, which, she assured me, would not be hard at all, Vanessa would have a penalty. Our classmates were going to be treated to a show and probably the town. Lori even talked about making Vanessa get a job as a stripper over the summer. "And since she likes to be spanked so much maybe we can have someone 'help' her out. I'm sure I'll think of more but, for now, I think it's a good start." I just nodded my head.
Then, almost as an afterthought, "Oh, and when we go out to our lease road? She goes. She gets to see me enjoying every inch of you." then she turned ice cold "but she will never, ever, EVER see you Love me."
Nachos arrived.
Safe topics: Prom, Britt and Brooke, Finals coming up, Graduation.
Lunch.
Lori ate as if she was famished, "Oh! You should be getting a text message from Eric pretty soon to make sure that she did what I told her."
I tipped the waiter well. Lori tipped better by telling the waiter to stand 'just so' then getting up; he had a complete unrestricted view.
Lori asked his name 'So we could ask for him next time' he mumbled something as we left then literally chased us down in the parking lot to hand us a card with his name on it. Lori dropped it and had to bend over at the waist to pick it up. Pulling her dress back down over her ass, she thanked him for taking the time to give us his card.
Lori was silent as we drove away, reaching over to hold my hand. I decided to see if we could find a couple of the things to add to Vanessa's new life.
"Check your phone. Have you gotten anything yet?"
"Here" I handed it to her.
Seconds later, "Oh my God. She did it! Pull over...Anywhere!"
"WHAT?!" I asked, coming to a stop.
I had received several pictures. Lori was looking at them all.
Excitedly she showed me the first. "Holy fuck! Is that...?" It was a picture of Vanessa naked, on her back with Eric's dick in her pussy. The second showed her with cum splattered all over her tits and neck!
Lori was beside herself. "Keep going!"
I did. The next was of Vanessa in the elevator; she was wearing only the white cover-up from earlier. Standing next to her was a guy who looked like he was trying not to be too obvious while he looked at her. Vanessa was pink to the tops of her breasts.
"There's MORE!" she cried!
The last two pictures were of Vanessa walking out the door, completely naked, into the parking lot then standing next to Eric's truck. Through it all, in every picture, pink with embarrassment, Vanessa was wearing her stunning smile.
"Did you do this?"" I asked in disbelief.
Lori was not at all chagrined. "Yep. Well except for the last part. I told her she was supposed to wear only her robe out to the truck. Then, when I saw Eric walking back into the main room, I told her to beg him to fuck her and to have him cum on her face or tits. And send pictures to you as proof." she crossed her arms like a little girl who had been found out but wasn't sorry at all.
"Anything else?" I asked.
"Weeeelllll." she said with a smile "I told her that she couldn't put anything else on until we got there." shrugging, "I figured she needs to get used to being naked."
"OK" I said and pulled back out onto the road.
"OK?" she asked. "That's it? You're not mad?"
"Why would I be? She's getting what she deserves. If you have her strip in the middle of Calc, I'll be OK with it."
"Now there's an idea!" she cried. "Wait, where are we going?"
"There's a shop up the road that sells, uh, stuff." I explained. "I found it when I was planning this weekend."
Sunday afternoon is not a busy time for an 'adult novelty' store. We were the only customers and the clerk was more than happy to assist Lori. I could have been a stick for all of the attention I received.
We found a couple of things for Vanessa then Lori found something that made her hop up and down, to the enjoyment of both me and the clerk: It was a remote control vibrator. "She wanted me to make her cum, she didn't say I had to touch her!" Then we couldn't decide if she should get one to two. We bought two. Why should Vanessa have all of the fun?
Lori couldn't wait to try hers out. With a quick stop at a gas station for a quick wash, we were headed home. She was so excited she was having problems putting it in. I was having problems driving as I watched! She actually had a small orgasm before she got it in.
Handing me the remote, she told me to have fun. ME!
I waited a few miles before turning it on. When I did, Lori looked at me and said "WOW! That's...." and closed her eyes. I didn't change anything. "OK, come on, that's enough." she said. I put the remote in my pocket. "Fine. I can handle it."
Five miles down the road she was shifting in her seat. "Mike?"
I pulled out the remote and showed it to her as I turned it up before returning it to my pocket.
"Hey!" she protested.
"You're free to take it out." I reminded her.
"Nope. I can take it." But even as she said it she was wiggling in her seat.
We were more than half way home when I reached in my pocket and turned it up again.
"MiiiiiiKe! That's not fair!" I was really surprised that she hadn't cum already but I could hear her building and her face was flushed. I turned it off just as it looked like she was there. "Fuck you." she spat.
I laughed. "You wanted me to stop? Remember, your hands are free too."
"You're not going to win." she said between gritted teeth. OK, yeah I was, now that she'd made a game out of it but she was going to enjoy losing.
"Lori? About Vanessa." I was hesitant to ask but something nagged at me.
"What about her?"
"If all this hadn't happened, can you honestly say that you wouldn't have...you know?"
She sat there for a long time before "I don't know. I think I can say that I'm not into girls but at some time it's probably going to happen, isn't it?" she looked out the window and said "She is hot, though, isn't she?" then softly, "and really good kisser."
I shrugged noncommittally.
"What I mean is that except for a few things..." she clarified. "I think that at some point I...no, we...we may try it but even before this I had ruled Vanessa out. Back then it had been because I didn't want to ruin a friendship. Now?" she shrugged and shook her head. Suddenly, "DAMN IT! That's what really pisses me off!"
"What?"
"I didn't want to do anything because it would have fucked everything up and now? Now, she fucked it up and I've lost my best friend!"
I didn't know what to say to that so I stayed quiet.
A few minutes later, "You know that it's not really a big deal to me if a picture or video of me gets out, right?" she began. "I mean, after all those pictures we took outside the limo...besides, I know, and more importantly YOU know, that it was you holding the camera and that it was you I was doing it for. My Dad would probably kill us both before he moved away or went to prison, but other than that? I don't care. Besides, everyone in school already thinks they know what we're about, a picture or video will only confirm it."
Returning to our previous subject. "Who would you pick?"
Lori grinned and without hesitation "Brittany! Did you see her last night? Or maybe Brooke. Maybe a four-way!" She reached over and grabbed my arm "Whoever it is, you know I would never do it without you being there and you'd have to be totally OK with it. Even ONE shred of doubt and I wouldn't do it. No matter how far gone I am."
I assured her that I knew that. I really did trust her.
"But Brittany? I thought you'd pick Brooke for sure!" I said.
"She's what? Five foot one? Maybe! But she does have those cute itty-bitty tits! I thought for sure Brittany would be more your style. Five four. Nice butt," holding her hands in front of her chest, "and big melons!" she laughed.
Reaching into my pocket, I switched it on to the third setting. Lori's laugh cut off abruptly.
"Damn it! That's not fair!" she exclaimed as both of her hands gripped the dashboard.
We were almost home and it was much earlier than I expected. I suggested that we go to see Brittany.
Gasping she said "Very funny! You're just dying to see me lick a pussy." she groaned "Keep this up and I'd even suck Vanessa's hot little cunt!"
"So you think it's hot?" I teased.
"GGGGNNNNN Yeah. I said I didn't want to because...because. Please?" she said.
Off.
"AAAHHHH!!! NO!" she cried in frustration. "I don't want her!" she gasped. "She's hot..."
"You don't get it. This isn't about her. It's about you. I want you to have fun. Besides, I like watching you squirm and I love the way you sound when you cum."
"I thought that you wanted..." she said.
"I have what I want. Do you think anyone I meet or know could ever be you?" I asked. "If you want have sex with a girl, I want to be there with you. But if you don't want it, I don't want you to do it just for me. It has to be for you."
She sat then thinking about that before closing her eyes. I am positive I saw her nipples get harder! Then, "OK, I get that but why won't you let me cum?" she whined.
Laughing, "Because the more it builds the better it's going to be."
"Are you really going to wait and make me cum at Vanessa's?" she asked.
I wouldn't wait that long. The good thing about being a farmer in the area is that I knew plenty of secluded areas. I pulled off the main road and headed towards a place I knew.
We had just parked and I was going to turn the 'egg' on when I got another message. Lori still had my phone and this time it was a short video of Vanessa walking into her house, naked. At the door she spun around and waved to the camera before going in.
Lori watched the video again with a puzzled look on her face.
She stared at the screen for a long time after the video stopped. "That little cunt." she breathed. "We don't have time for this. We need to get to Vanessa's"
As we drove away I asked, "What's going on?"
"Not what we think." she responded. "I think. I need to see how far this goes."
A few minutes later, we pulled up to her house. Eric was still there.
Lori grabbed the bag of things we had picked up and jumped out. She stopped at the front door and looked at my phone again before shaking her head as she let herself in.
We found them in the living room watching TV. Eric was on the couch and Vanessa was on her knees by his feet, still naked. It seemed odd but what did I know?
Lori stopped and stared at Vanessa before calling out "On your feet, bitch!" They both jumped and Vanessa scrambled to her feet.
Walking over to her, Lori slapped her face again. Vanessa stood there with her mouth open. "What?" she began.
Lori cut her off. "I specifically told you to wear what you had on." she said coldly. "Why are you naked?"
"It was...it...it seemed the right thing to do." she stammered.
"Thinking is not your job anymore!" and slapped her again. I started forward and Lori looked at me "DON'T!"
I stopped. Whatever was going on I would hang back until it got out of hand.
To Eric she said, "Do you want a blowjob or to fuck her before you go?"
Wide eyed and looking a little scared himself, Eric said "No."
"Eric, you're not really a part of this...you are a good friend but get out. She'll call you later." she commanded.
He hurried to obey. We heard the front door slam moments later.
"Vanessa, I have a little present for you." grabbing the bag from where she'd dropped it and pulled out the pair of wrist restraints we'd bought. They looked like wide leather bracelets with little locks attached and had a light two-foot chain. "Put these on." she commanded then slipped the key on my keychain.
Meekly, Vanessa complied.
"Now, Vanessa, my dear." Lori said sweetly. "Go get your computer."
Vanessa paled and shook her head.
"OK. Then I'm going to send Mike to get it" she walked over to the coffee table and pointed. "Come here. On your knees and bend over the table." she ordered
Vanessa hesitated then did as she was told but looked back at me several times.
"OK. You're going to count each time my hand hits your ass. You better hope he's fast. Go." then "1...2...3..." punctuated with a loud smack. I got. I mean, I was pissed at Vanessa but I didn't really want to see her hurt. I knew where her room was and got there as fast as I could. Her computer was still in her backpack so I just grabbed that and ran back to where Lori waited.
I returned in time to hear Lori counting "26...27...Oh look. Only 27!"
With tears streaming down her cheeks, I couldn't tell if Vanessa was upset or thrilled. "Please." she whispered.
"Please?" asked Lori. "After what you thought you'd try? No. We're taking your computer." she continued. "I'm guessing that you know what we're going to find."
Vanessa nodded, face white.
"SO, you can tell this to Eric later but, Mike and I are equal; if either of us tells you to do anything you better do it. You will be punished if you don't do what we say. I know you think you like to be spanked but you won't enjoy what I'll do. However, as a reward, if you are a good little slut, you will be allowed to go with us to watch as Mike fucks me. You will watch. You will NOT participate. "
Vanessa seemed to sink lower with each pronouncement.
"That's all i've really come up with so far except that you're probably going to get a special job this summer. And we're going to be changing your wardrobe. You have such a hot little body we need to show it off." Lori turned and began walking out "Mike. Time to go." Looking back at Vanessa, "Your video and disobedience interrupted us. Mike was just getting ready fuck me so I guess I need to add that to the list of reasons I get to beat your ass."
We left her kneeling beside the table with her hands chained together. We were almost to the truck when Vanessa came rushing outside. "Wait! Lori! Please! What...what am I supposed to do about these?" holding up her arms. She was oblivious to anyone who might be outside.
Lori laughed "Oh, we'll take the chain off for school but you'll wear the cuffs everywhere. And if anyone ever asks why you're wearing them, you will tell them the truth, that you are a stupid little slut who likes to be tied up." Then, almost as an afterthought, "However, if you want to be released tonight, then come to our house at eleven. Just like you are now. Come up the stairs in back. Goodbye slut!"
As we drove off, Lori said "Now we can take care of me!" as she stripped off her dress and lay back against the door, legs spread. Her thighs were wet with her juices as she began to masturbate.
Finally, something I could get behind. Grabbing the remote, I flipped it on. She began to cum almost immediately! I sped back out of town to our normal secluded lease road.
I don't think she stopped cumming the whole way there. I increased the vibrations twice on the way and her moans and cries only got louder. As I parked, I turned it up one more. She was pinching and pulling at her tits, her body writhing in pleasure!
Leaning down, I started to suck on her clit and she screamed once then locked her thighs around my head, screeching as she came again! Finally, she fell back exhausted and limp. "OFF!" she begged.
I obeyed her and switched it off. "You like that?"
"Holy fuck!" she breathed. "If I didn't have to take it out to fit you inside, I'd never take it out! Fuck!" she lay back to regain her breath. I took the time to get rid of my clothes.
It was my turn to be in charge. I gently removed the 'egg' and set it aside. "Out." I directed as I got out before grabbing her legs and pulling her across the seat. She yelped and laughed as I caught her then spun her around to lean her over the truck.
Looking at her perfect ass, I was tempted but decided against it. Instead, I slid my cock up and down her dripping slit before slamming it home in one thrust!
"FUUUUUUCK!!" she screamed. I held still for a minute then began to hammer into her. I wasn't gentle but still she pushed back against me on each thrust. She cried out some new obscenity each time I met her ass, begging me fuck her harder and faster. I was getting close to cumming and she knew it. "Please, Mike! Cum in my mouth! Please! I want to taste you! Give it to me! Make me drink it!" and came again!
Pushing me away, she dropped to her knees opening her mouth. Lori looked so incredible; naked and begging for me to fill her mouth! I stepped up and lay my dick against her lips and watched her gobble it down until I was buried in her throat!
"You Dirty Girl!" I cried as I pulled back and filled her mouth with my sperm! Spurt after spurt bounced across her tongue as she swallowed me down. Her hands kept jerking me into her mouth until I finally ceased firing.
Lori continued to clean my shaft until I was completely spotless then tilted her head back, showing me the cum she hadn't swallowed. "Kith meh" she laughed.
I knelt beside her and she latched her lips to mine. She moaned in passion as she fed me some of my own sperm and shuddered as I rubbed her freshly fucked pussy.
"That makes me soooo hot! I love it how you aren't afraid to kiss me with your cum in my mouth!" Lori gushed. Pushing me back onto the ground, she straddled my waist. "Fuck me again. Please?" It wasn't really a request, "This time fill my cunt with your cum." She rubbed herself against my growing erection before slipping me inside. "You feel so good stuffed inside me." Riding me up and down, she looked down to watch herself, "That looks so awesome. Your cock in my hot little cunt. Fuck! Look at it. Sliding in and out. God! You're going to fuck a baby in me, aren't you?" as she shuddered.
Lori lay down on me and rolled her hips as I kept thrusting up into her. Burying her face in my shoulder, she continued to groan. I could feel her body start to tighten as she moved closer to the edge. When her tunnel started to clasp at my shaft I could feel my cum rising! "Are you ready? Do you want my cum?"
"Yes! Fill me. Knock me up. I want our baby in me. I want to...I want...FUCK!!' she screamed as her orgasm overcame her! She bounced on my cock, tightening and milking me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down "YES!!" she screamed and I came again! Shooting my load into her hot sucking womb. Thrusting up into her, I made sure every drop was as deep as possible! Each spurt was met with a stronger contraction of her tightening tunnel as she sucked each sperm into her!
Lori spasmed on my shaft as I reached up, grabbed her tits and squeezed. "OooooH, Michael! You make me so!...I can't get enough of you!"
Leaning down to kiss me, she pressed her body to mine as we both recovered. We lay there panting, holding on to each other, enjoying the feel of our bodies pressed together.
Sweaty and sexy as hell, she pushed herself upright and looked down at me with a grin, "Do you want my ass?" My cock twitched. Oh God, I was going to hurt! "Yeah? You want to do me, don't you?" I nodded; she was slipping further into her lust and dragging me along! "You fucked my butt last night now you want me to just bend over and give it up? Right here?" she ground against me before whispering in my ear, "If that trucker comes back, will you keep fucking me? Fuck me til you cum in my butt? Will you let me suck your nasty cock afterwards while he watches?"
I agreed to everything she asked with my dick getting harder at every word! Lori reluctantly climbed off me and got on her hands and knees, bending low to raise her ass high in the air. It was so beautiful! and tight!
Moving behind her, I slid into her open pussy, gathering what lubrication I could before pulling out and placing the tip at her exit. I know I fucked it twice last night but it didn't look any different! So tiny, I had trouble believing that I would ever fit.
Lori pushed back as I slowly moved forward. The initial penetration was exquisite! The way her flesh parted and opened for my hard shaft. Lori let out a loud "UUUUUNNGGGGHHHH!" as I wedged my way in, "Fuck! I forgot how big you are!"
Laughing, "Saying stuff like that only makes it grow!" I pushed deeper and her ring tightened, trying to keep me out.
Three quarters of the way in, she told me to stop, panting, "FUCK ME! Are you sure you had it all in me last time!" I pulled back and began the slow trip back in.
"God your ass is tight!" I said. "I wish you could see this. It looks incredible!" and continued to slide in and out with shallow strokes.
"Fuck me. Fuck my butt. Go deeper. Fuck me deep. Yeah!! Like that! Deeper! Put it all in me!!" she slammed back as I thrust forward "Fuuuuuuuck!!"
I stopped and held still, fully embedded in Lori's bowels. We stayed unmoving until she wiggled her butt a little then flexed her sphincter around me and nodded.
"Fuck me deep! Bang my ass! God, it feels sooo nasty!" I felt her hand reach under and start to rub her pussy before her fingers slid up to caress my balls. "Fuck that's good" as I started to pump into her again.
Hands on her hips, I began to give her short, gentle jabs. I'd just cum twice in less than 20 minutes. I was sure I could last but I had forgotten Lori's mouth.
She laughed as she told me "I'm going to reward her. She wants to taste me. I'll let her taste my ass. I'll make her suck your cum out of my butt. You can fuck it into me and I'll get your cock while she digs her little tongue into my butt. mmm Yeah. She'd like that. What about you? We could do it right now. Cum in my butt. Cum and we can go back to her house and make her do it. uuunngghh fuck it. Fuck my butt."
The thought of Vanessa sucking my cum out of Lori's ass was enough for me. I began pounding into her. Her grunts filled the air as we both approached our orgasms. It became a wordless race. Lori began meeting my assault by bouncing back at me.
Suddenly she stopped moving, I pressed deep as she rotated her hips. "OOOOHHH God! I love this!" then crawled forward off my throbbing cock until she was stretched out on the road, arms fully extended. "MMmmmmmm" her asshole relaxed as she lay there. "Just fuck me into the ground." she moaned.
The pause had given me back some slight control so I took my time. Lori groaned and her body tensed in orgasmic bliss as I slid back in. Her hands had seized hold of some clumps of grass then her butt began clenching tighter so that I could barely move. The sensation of her butt sucking at my cock, the heat of her body, and the sight of her writhing in ecstasy in the dirt all overcame me!
With a cry, I buried myself deep in her bowels and let loose! As my balls pumped what remaining cum I had left, Lori's body tried to constrict and curl up as she came a final time.
I collapsed on top of her as she continued to shake! Her hands clawed at the ground and her feet scrambled for purchase as it built, until a primal "uuuaaaAAAAAAAGGGHHHH!!!" ripped from her throat! Her hands beat the ground as she came and spasms continued to jerk through her body! Lori's cries slowly died to a whimper as she laid her head on the ground.
Pulling my softening cock from her abused hole, I lay next to her on the ground panting. Christ! She'd fucked me three ways in so short a time; I hurt soooo good!
As I lay there panting, my cock deflated, Lori lifted her head and, with a smile, almost begged "Can I? It's so nasty but I want it."
If I had had the energy I would have laughed as she dragged herself up to her knees. Her hanging breasts were covered in dirt and grass, as was her whole front, including the side of her face.
There was a look of hunger in her eyes as she leaned over my lap and slurped my shrinking cock into her mouth. Her deep moan of satisfaction threatened to coax another rise out of me. She made sure that she had cleared all traces of cum from my shaft before releasing it with a wet plop! Licking her lips, it looked like she was going back; instead, she flopped down on my chest. I leaned down and gave her a long deep kiss.
We lay there in the warm spring sun for a while before I asked her what she expected to find on Vanessa's computer.
Enjoying the sun she took her time replying. "It's not what I expect to find. It's what I expect not to find."
I puzzled that over for a few minutes before she told me. "It hit me when I watched the video of Vanessa. That video we have? It's on your computer, right?"
"Yeah, I pulled it off the next morning and all those pictures so that if my phone was stolen..." it started to click.
"Right!" said Lori. "I told her about the video but she's never seen it. And the picture you sent? It failed! It never left your phone. I checked. She never got that either!"
"She doesn't have anything." I said in wonder. "So, her computer?"
"Where did you keep all you dirty little secrets?" she asked.
It made sense. "But the way you slapped her and spanked her! If you knew, why?"
"It's her game. Or it was. Now we really do have stuff on her. And I think that's what she wants."
"Is Eric in on it?" I asked.
"No. This is all her. The more I think about it the more it makes sense." she said.
"What do you want to do? What are you planning?"
Lori pushed herself up off of me and climbed to her feet. "First we're going back to her house to take a shower. You are FILTHY!"
I pulled on my shorts and Lori put my t-shirt in the seat to sit on as we headed back to Vanessa's. When we stopped in front of her house, Lori hopped out before pulling on the t-shirt. It was almost too short but from a distance and with the dirt she wouldn't appear nude. She rang the doorbell and Vanessa opened it almost immediately.
She was still naked and had obviously been crying. Lori brushed past her, "Stop sniveling! We're here to use your shower." and stripped her shirt off, flinging it at Vanessa. I carried our bag to the bathroom with Vanessa trailing behind.
Lori regaled her with lurid details of the acts we had just committed, even bending over the counter to let Vanessa see her "battered butt". As I took off my shorts and watched Lori's lewd behavior, I felt myself start to harden. Vanessa leaned in so close that I swore she was going dive in but Lori quickly stood up and told her to sit in the corner while we washed.
Lori tried to play in the shower but I firmly told her "Not if you have any hope of doing anything later!"
Cleaned and dressed; me in t-shirt and gym shorts, Lori in a t-shirt and a short skirt, Lori led us into Vanessa's room. I sat in the corner while Lori told Vanessa to sit at the foot of the bed then entered Vanessa's huge walk in closet and began looking.
Vanessa had been uncharacteristically quiet the entire time.
"You know, Vanessa, you may be a complete cunt but you do have a hot little body. We need to show that off! And if I can find..." she stopped as she dug around, "AH! I knew you still had it!" Lori returned holding a grey hoodie, white tank and a jean skirt. Tossing them on the bed, she went back for solid white tennis shoes and ankle socks.
Lori asked me for the key to the cuffs and removed Vanessa's right cuff and the chain from the left.
"OK. Try these on." Lori directed.
Vanessa got up and looked at the chosen clothes with a sigh. As she struggled into the tank top, I'm still surprised the cloth didn't rip. Her tits were squeezed together and up; she defined cleavage! She had an easier time with the skirt and the hoodie. Although, unlike most of the ones she usually wore, this one was much tighter with the zipper not quite straining but it was close. It was pretty obvious she didn't have a bra on. When she finished dressing, Lori had her parade around the room bending over and squatting. She even had her do jumping jacks just to see how much her tits bounced!
Simple clothes but they made her look completely different!
"OK. This looks like a good start." Lori said. "This is what you'll wear to school tomorrow. This is ALL you'll wear. Except, if you want, a small purse."
"Lori!" she whined. "Please! I can't wear this to school!"
"Yes, you can!" replied Lori cheerfully. "Besides, it's not like you really have a choice." she sat on my lap.
"But everyone's going to know!" she protested.
"Know what? That you're lying little bitch? I" and she emphasized the 'I', "have pictures. And a naughty little video!" There, it was out!
Vanessa smiled for the first time since we got there. "It was the video, wasn't it? I knew I shouldn't have told him that." She sat on the bed and looked at us. "What now?"
Lori laughed. "You don't understand! I really do have pictures of you strutting around the hotel in next to nothing and 'in' nothing!" she grabbed my phone and showed her the pictures.
"But..." began Vanessa. "I mean. Now that you know. The truth, I mean."
"Your first task, "continued Lori, "is to get Eric's phone and delete all of those pictures. Anything with your face has got to go! You're our little slut, not his."
"Really?" she asked hope filling her voice.
Lori kept shifting on my lap, rubbing my dick with her ass. Yeah, I was hard again but my balls still ached. "Lori." I warned.
"Hmm?" that's my little miss innocent, but she stopped. "Hey, Vanessa. I think you need to be naked again. I wouldn't want you to mess up your school clothes.
"Lori, please?" she whined. "I can't!" Lori pointed at the floor and Vanessa stopped talking, got up, and quickly stripped before kneeling in front of us.
Lori had stopped grinding on me but she shifted so that she was leaning back against me then hung her right leg over the arm of the chair. I watched as she tucked the front of her dress into the waistband. I didn't have a great view but I could tell she was lazily rubbing her pussy and from where she had positioned Vanessa, well, she had a closer than front row view.
"Damn it. This isn't working." and quickly stood up nearly bumping into Vanessa's face. She shimmied out of her skirt and then pulled off her shirt and flung both across the room before returning to my lap.
She positioned herself so that, as she played with herself, if her hand 'wandered' lower it would be able to rub me as well.
"MUCH better." she said as she began to run her fingers up and down my shorts covered dick before moving back up.
I reached around and cupped her breasts, rubbing and pinching but spoke to Vanessa. "Why are you doing this? What do you want?"
Vanessa's eyes never moved except to follow Lori's fingers. "I...can't say." she replied.
Lori moaned as she continued to masturbate in front Vanessa.
"Can't or won't?" I asked.
Vanessa was entranced watching Lori and had leaned closer. "Can't or won't?" I repeated loudly.
She sat back and closed her eyes. Her large nipples were red and hard. Her breathing was a little shallow as well. "Do you want to touch yourself?" I asked.
Vanessa's hands moved. "Stop!" I commanded. "Answer the question."
Finally she spoke, "Won't"
"Why are you refusing?"
Hesitantly, "If you don't know you can't tell me 'no'."
It made a twisted sort of sense. I mean, the whole thing was fucked up but while I had been furious with her earlier, once I knew what was going on, it seemed like it might be fun. "Vanessa, if I promise to seriously consider your...whatever, will you tell me?"
She shook her head.
"Open your eyes." I told her.
She shook her head again, as Lori had begun a slight rocking of her hips as she slowly teased herself. I was pinching and pulling her nipples pretty roughly but it only seemed to increase her arousal.
"Lori had some pretty elaborate punishments set up for you before she figured it out. Do you want to see if she can remember one?"
Vanessa's mouth opened and it looked like she was getting close to the edge.
Well, if a threat didn't work maybe a reward. "Vanessa, if you open your eyes and tell me, I promise that I'll give you something, tonight."
I could see the indecision on her face. "Vanessa, how about something else, open your eyes and tell me how many fingers is Lori using on her pussy?"
Her eyes snapped open and she stared so intently at Lori's pussy that I was surprised when she softly answered "Two."
I saw the smile on Lori's face from the corner of my eye followed by her gasp. She was close.
"Vanessa, I want you closer but no touching. My rule is you will never touch either one of us in a sexual way without the express permission from both of us." I explained. "If you do, it'll be fun for me to watch but not much fun for you." I promised.
Vanessa nodded in understanding and scooted forward.
"Good. Now, do you want to touch yourself?" I asked again.
"Please? Can I?" she begged.
"No. Not until you tell me what you want."
Shoulders sagging in defeat, Vanessa shifted her eyes to me. "I want Lori. I want to taste her. I want to make her cum. I've never even done it before with anyone! I don't know why but I want this, and I" she faltered and her eyes dropped as she considered her words. "I want you. I'm not in love with you!" she said quickly. "but I want to be made to feel like she does and to cum like you make her cum...I'll let both of you use me however you like. Spank me, make me do...do...whatever! Just for the chance!" she stopped. She had risen up as she spoke and put a hand on the chair, "and I want to be told..." When she realized how much she'd said and her eyes cleared, she snatched her hand back. Eyes wide, she looked ready to bolt "I..."
"No!" I said. Tears formed in her eyes as she misunderstood. "Vanessa. I said 'no' as in 'don't go'." I saw the pleading in her eyes. "Eric was right? You really want to be told what to do?"
Hesitating, she finally nodded. "It started that first night at Eric's. When Lori made me take off my bra." her eyes refocused on watching Lori, "I was so excited and..and it just felt so incredible to..."
"What? What made you feel so good?"
She looked me right in the eyes "To submit to her."
Glancing at Lori, I saw her biting her lip. "Not tonight, but would you consider allowing Vanessa to fulfill her fantasy?"
"YES! Oh God, yes!" as she came, sitting all the way up before hunching forward as she rode her fingers! I thought she had been too far gone to hear but she was really moving her hips as her fingers rubbed her clit. "Fuck! I'm going to make her suck my pussy all fucking night! I'm going to ride that slut's face until we're both numb! HOLY SHIT!! AAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHH!!!" she cried out and shaking in release!
Vanessa's face was almost rapturous as she watched, arms remaining out-stretched as if to grab or catch Lori as she had leaned forward.
When it was over, she slowly lay back against me, panting. Her hands kept busy rubbing her stomach and pubic area with a twitch or jerk if her hands got too close to her overly sensitive clit.
All smiles, Lori rolled her head over and kissed my cheek and after a few more butterfly kisses she looked down at Vanessa "Oh, Vanessa! You need to cum!" she leaned forward, being sure to grind on my cock as she slid off me and onto the floor next to her.
Lori whispered something to Vanessa, who nodded eagerly. "Take his right hand." she directed as Lori took my left. Together, they pulled me to my feet.
My erection was much more obvious standing and Vanessa's eyes lit up which caused me to be a little bit worried because I didn't know what Lori had told her. "OK. Remember his Rule." cautioned Lori. "You can't touch his cock or balls." That isn't what I said but...
Vanessa raised her hands and placed them lightly on my thighs. They were warm but felt odd; no one, other than Lori, had ever touched me like that. I looked to Lori and she winked. I was tense but let her continue.
Her hands moved to the backs of my thighs as if to pull me to her. Lori tensed as Vanessa moved her hands up under my shorts, grazing my cheeks with her fingertips before sliding them to the front, just to either side of my very hard dick. It felt really good. I started to tell Vanessa to stop but she pulled her hands out.
She looked up, flicked a smile at me and flexed her hands before they flew to the waistband of my shorts; carefully pulling it out then down. Vanessa had seen me naked several times but still gasped as my dick popped free. Lori obviously felt compelled to remind her that it was 'look only'.
Watching her kneeling before me with her huge tits and the adoring look she had while gazing at my twitching cock, I have to admit that I probably could not have stopped her if Lori hadn't been there.
Lori moved behind her and placed her hands on Vanessa's hips, telling her that it was time for her to cum as she slid her hands up to cup Vanessa's tits.
Vanessa gasped, leaning back into Lori, surrendering to her, "I can touch you all I want." she teased. "Mike's Rule said you can't touch us but we can touch you." caressing Vanessa's voluminous chest. Again, she had chosen to misunderstand the intent of the rule.
She groaned as Lori ran her hands around her chest then gasped as Lori flicked her nipples before pinching and pulling on them. Vanessa seemed to melt back into Lori, moaning loudly, as Lori's hands slid across her stomach to her thighs. They parted further with light pressure. "Are you positive this is what you want? We haven't crossed that line, yet." Vanessa nodded vigorously. Lori continued to run her fingertips across her thighs and stomach, "Really, we can stop now and pretend that today never happened..." she let it hang there and pulled her hands away.
Vanessa groaned then whimpered, "Lori, please? I'll...I'll do anything!"
Lori looked up at me as I sat down to enjoy the show. Her eyes seemed to sparkle with excitement as she maintained eye contact with me then leaned forward to kiss Vanessa's neck and shoulder. "Oh, you're going to do lots of things!" she promised and a moan escaped from Vanessa's open mouth.
Lori moved her hands up, grabbing hold of Vanessa's tits and began squeezing and rubbing them. Vanessa closed her eyes and let out a deep, satisfied, moan. I'm almost certain she had a mini just from the anticipation! Planting several more kisses on her neck, Lori moved her hands towards Vanessa's recently shaved pubic mound. Vanessa rolled her groin forward.
Unable to resist the scene before me, I started to slowly jerk my cock.
Lori opened her mouth, baring her teeth at me before lightly, biting Vanessa's shoulder. As Vanessa jerked in surprise, Lori's hands dove to their goal and slipped along Vanessa's wet slit: she didn't stand a chance! So much build up and then to get so much of her wish!
Vanessa screamed as she climaxed so suddenly "UUUUHHHGGGaaaaaAAAHHH!!!!!" Her legs closed to lock Lori's hands in place as she grabbed her own nipples, pulling so hard it looked like she was trying to see how far they could stretch! She fell forward, catching herself with one hand as the other continued to abuse her tits.
I could finally make out what she was saying as she continued to ride Lori's hand. She was sobbing out a soul felt "Oh My GOD! Thank you! Thankyou thankyouthankyou!" then her second wave hit and she fell forward at my feet. "hhhhHRRRRHHHH!!! FUCK! STOP STOP STOP! OOOOOOOHHHH!! FUCK!!!!!!"
Vanessa collapsed sobbing.
Lori looked at me proudly. I grinned back. "Get up here!"
Standing over Vanessa who continued to lie at our feet, she watched me stroke myself. Bringing her hand up, I could see that it was wet. Lori slowly brought it to her mouth, licking each finger clean.
"You little slut!" she nodded in agreement. Then climbed up to straddled me.
"Taste." she offered her other hand. I wasn't sure if she was serious until she rubbed her fingers across my lips. Instinctively, I licked them. It was similar to Lori but also different.
Lifting Lori until I could position my cock at the entrance of her pussy, I dropped her. Three quarters of my dick buried itself inside. "AaaaahhhhHHH!" she cried out then smiled as she sank the rest of the way down. "HHUUHH!! Did you like the show?" as she gyrated on my shaft.
I nodded "Yeah. But you changed my rule."
Riding me, she shrugged. "Are you mad at me?"
It was hard to be mad at her. Especially when she was doing all she could to make me feel so great! Her tight pussy was trying to milk everything out of me. "Do you want to spank me like I spanked Vanessa? She has a tight little ass. It hardly moved each time my hand landed." she said with an evil little smile. "Maybe you should tie me up like Eric did!"
That was it! She continued to tease and taunt; refusing to accept that I only needed her! Rising up, I all but threw her onto Vanessa's bed. There was a hint of fear on her face as I followed. "Enough!" I yelled as I lifted her legs and slammed back into her tight little cunt. Having already cum three times, I knew I could last if I wanted. I pounded into her repeatedly.
"YOU are mine!" I snarled. "YOU! I. Only. Do. This. To. You!" hammering into her with each word. Lori's face grew more satisfied with every thrust until I stopped.
Staring up at me, she nodded.
"I don't want anyone else." I told her softly, "I only want to you."
Bringing her legs down from my shoulders, she wrapped them around me. "Will you Love me??" and flexed her already tight canal.
Glancing back at Vanessa, I saw she hadn't moved; too bad for her. I thrust forward. "No."
Understanding, she asked "Are you going to fuck me?" she felt incredible! Pulling almost all the way out, I solidly slammed it home. "UGH!! You promised to fuck me until I couldn't walk. I remember walking into this room." she said it so lightly.
"I'll do my best." I promised
I fucked Lori harder than ever before and she took it, begging for more! I lost count of the number of times she came! Then she begged me to stop so she could catch her breath, instead, I licked and sucked her pussy until she flooded my face before flipping her over and sliding back in so hard I damn near fucked her off the bed! With her ass in the air and her hands on the floor, I kept up my pummeling of her cunt! When she fell away, I stopped long enough to pull her back onto the bed and start again!
I noticed that Vanessa was sitting in the chair watching us and idly pulling at her pussy. I gave her a smile before refocusing on my mission.
Lori had barely caught her breath when I drove back into her. Her screams and shrieks echoed through the house! At some point, as I continued to hammer into her, she ceased using words then she even stopped screaming except for when she came.
I'm still not sure how long I kept at it but I finally started to get that tingling sensation, my abs were already constricted as everything from my chest down seemed to become one big knot! My strokes became slower and it built until I could barely move. When I came, it felt like something ruptured! White-hot fire raced up my shaft until I exploded, shooting my lava deep into Lorias she continued to moan!
I fell back onto the bed panting while Lori seemed barely conscious!
After a long time, Vanessa quietly said, in amazement, "You guys really are always like this!"
I laughed weakly. "Yeah, close enough!"
"Fuck me!" she exclaimed.
"Maybe after graduation." I joked. Looking over at her again, I saw her eyes were fixated on my limp dick as I moved next to Lori trying to recover and catch my breath.
I guess we fell asleep because when I next looked around, it was close to six and we needed to get home. Waking Lori with a kiss and, after several minutes, she nodded that she was ready. I watched her spring out of bed before I rolled over and struggled to rise, having to use the bed to stand! Even then, I had to reach a hand out and hold onto Lori before I fell; leaning on her all the way to the bathroom. "Damn it!" said Lori as she gently punched my ribs, "I'm the one who's supposed to be walking funny!"
We showered and dressed again. Vanessa, staying nude, followed. Lori reminded her to wear only what she had been given as we left. "Oh, when you talk to Eric DO NOT tell him we figured it out." Vanessa giggled at that; promising she wouldn't.
As I was getting into the truck Vanessa called out "I won't forget your promise, Mike!"
Lori looked puzzled "What promise?" she asked.
"I didn't promise anything!" I yelled back at Vanessa. "Sorry. While you were, uh, passed out, she thinks that I promised to fuck her after Graduation."
Lori turned to stare and coldly asked "So...what. Exactly. Did you say to make her think that!"
I told her what happened..
Lori looked thoughtful "Well. What are you going to do about it?"
"Me?!" I exclaimed. "Nothing! She deliberately misunderstood what I said!"
"Mmmhmm" she replied.
We let it rest. I figured she was right, I was going to have to do something about it but that was a month away.
Over dinner, Mom grilled Lori about Prom. Dad just said he was glad we were safe and had good time.
After dinner, Mom and Lori cleaned up while Dad and I split off to talk about the farms. He had been steadily giving me more responsibility for the overall upkeep of everything. Still he surprised me by telling me that he had decided, after Graduation, to let me run one of the properties as my own.
Truth be told, I was more than a little concerned. I had plans to go to college in the Fall and didn't know if I was up to it. Then there was the matter of my older brother. We talked it over. He told me he had made Tom the same offer but he wanted to focus on computers or marketing or something.
When Mom stopped in to tell us she was going to bed it surprised us both on how late it was. Dad asked me to think on it. I told him it wasn't just my decision. It was satisfying to see how pleased he looked with my answer.
I found Lori watching TV in the living room and joined her. We stayed and caught the news.
Before bed, I scanned Vanessa's computer for images, making sure none of them were of Lori. I was fairly certain there wouldn't be anything interesting but was I ever wrong!
While there weren't any pictures with Lori, Vanessa had downloaded quite a few other images. It looked like she really was into light bondage and exhibitionism. Maybe forced exhibitionism is the better way to put it. I also found several stories that she had written over the past several months. It seemed that Vanessa had been wanting this for a very long time.
I called Lori over and let her see what I'd found. "She is a naughty little girl!" she commented after reading one story where Vanessa was a cheerleader who was forced to cheer an entire game with just her skirt and top and no bra or kick pants! Another involved being tied to the door of Lori's Dad's barn and teased mercilessly and then left until she was discovered by Sam. The most interesting to me was that the person in control in all of her stories was always named Lori.
Lori had me make a copy of everything I found so she could read it later.
We finally turned out the lights and climbed into bed. Lori thanked me for the great time at Prom and the dress. Slipping my arm around her I told her I had fun as well then just before I fell asleep, Lori told me "I really like my new toy. I think we're going to have lots of fun with her." I suddenly had a brief, panicked, vision of Vanessa running after me, naked, begging me to fuck her. I didn't have a clue as to what I was going to do.