Chapter 1
We loved the old theatre. It was one of the reasons we moved to the town rather than settle into a countryside cottage. There was something majestic about its faded glory. We loved the crumbling state of the walls and the faded felt on the royal boxes. Katie adored the dome and spire and felt that it looked a little like a fairy castle. It made us feel young and edgy again, arty and in touch.
It was a strange time of our lives. We were comfortably married and moderately successful. We were on the cusp of wanting to start a family but were not quite ready to give up our social lives and selfish hobbies.
I had been promoted and given the chance to turn around a failing project based in a part of the country we had never been in before. The company were going to pay for my relocation and offer a generous bonus. Katie was a teacher and found that she was much in demand. We took the plunge and moved from our leafy London neighbourhood to the scary north.
We were in the prime of our lives but there was a feeling that things were getting a little stale, a little comfortable. My career was taking off and I had a real shot at a senior position that would lead, in time, to early retirement. We were both fit and were gym rats when we were in London, spending an eye-popping amount on a personal trainer and dietician. One look at Katie and you wouldn't quibble about the price.
She looked like a catalogue model. She had creamy tanned skin and long wavy dark hair that reached down to the small of her back, just above her firm, toned, arse. She was lithe and petite and moved with the grace of a dancer -- which she was. She had soft green eyes, long lashes and full lips. Her tits were pert and she liked to show a daring slash of cleavage. She was fit and looked a woman in her early twenties even though we had just celebrated her thirtieth birthday.
I was in pretty good shape myself, although I had less time to work out and had a lot more stress and comfort eating to deal with. I am tall, over six foot two, and the trainer had me on a program of heavy weights and a brutal diet. The results were starting to show as I could see my abs taking shape and my back and shoulders were pleasingly rounded.
We were dynamite in bed. Her small frame and my large one fit perfectly and our bodies moved in a rhythm that was powerful and flexible. When we had first met we couldn't believe how good the sex was. We spent an entire long weekend in bed doing nothing more than sleeping and fucking, sleeping and fucking, until my cock was sore and she could not move.
She was wild and filthy; a total contrast to her somewhat reserved and Mary-Poppins like everyday character. It shouldn't have been a total surprise: she was an aspiring actress at that point in her life and she was all about performance. She loved to take on naughty roles and when she was being someone else she gave in with wild abandon, letting me do things that I'd never have had the courage to suggest.
Those days were slipping away from us now. Slowly and surely we were caught up in the ever increasing demands of life. I worked too hard and she distracted herself with hobbies and interests. Her acting dreams faded soon after she left her drama college and couldn't find any work. She started her teacher training and was soon busier than I was.
Time passed and although we still had great sex and memorable weekends of debauchery, things were unmistakably slowing down. Our social lives were also a little stale. We saw the same people and they were all having children or having divorces and it was all a little boring. It was hard to make new friends and all the people around us were either career or family obsessed. It was a good time for us to move.
The theatre helped us make a few friends. The crowds were an interesting mix: younger, student-types from the local University, older folk who had made some money and moved into the mansion they had dreamed of and a sprinkling of professionals like us.
The theatre had a visionary and, according to Katie, genius director. He refused to put on the tried and tested plays or navigate a safe middle ground. No Shakespeare or Musicals on his watch. They were all original, quirky productions. Some he had penned himself, some he had acquired from struggling writers from across the globe -- all of them were excellent.
He pulled no punches and delighted in pushing the limits of what the audience would deem as acceptable. I think he was surprised at how liberal they were, perhaps expecting more pitchforks and country bumpkins. The lack of outrage spurred him on to more and more outlandishness and we all lapped it up.
The bar at the interval was a lively place and we met some of our neighbours there while discussing the riot that was the show we had just watched. We all talked about how much fun it was and how refreshing it was to have something innovative and new outside London.
Our new friends were in complete agreement; letting us know what big fans they were of the director, who, they whispered, was actually a connected somebody in 'the movie business' but had decided to go back to his passion. They told us that he was a pioneer in other areas as well -- working with the prison service and rehabilitating young offenders. In fact, we were told in a scandalous whisper, the lead of the production we were watching was on release for assault and the high-boots were in part to conceal his tag.
We exchanged numbers and met up a few times for drinks and dinner at each other's house. These contacts led to a few more acquaintances and before we knew it we had a functioning, if nascent, social life in our new home.
We settled in and started to feel comfortable. Our house was a nice one; much bigger and prettier than we would ever have afforded back in London. It had a huge back garden with high-hedges and a sprawling lawn that led to a small apple orchard at the bottom. In the balmy summer days when Katie and I first moved in we fucked on the grass under the stars, enjoying the privacy of not having neighbours overlooking us in a terrace. They could still see through the gaps in the hedge though, and I'm sure if the teenage boys in 31 really tried they could have gained enough of a vantage point to see my wife riding my cock with wild abandon under the moonlight, moaning and almost howling as her raven hair swung from side to side.
Our living room was too large. We didn't have enough furniture to fill the cavernous space and you felt a little exposed sat on our leather sofas. There was enough space to play five a side football. Katie made it her mission to fill the room up.
Upstairs we had three bedrooms an office in the attic, a shower room and a bathroom. Our kitchen was perfect. It had a rustic oak table and was complete with an old iron Aga that steamed with perpetual kettles of tea.
My wife played dress up as we broke in each room of the house. I would come home late, stressed from trying to whip a new team into shape and she would be waiting for me in costume. Some nights she would be a dirty maid with a frilly apron who would suck my cock as I opened the door, leading to me emptying myself into her doggy-style as she gripped her feather duster. Other nights she would be an airhostess or a Greek goddess, an aspiring model for a photo-shoot or an older woman taking advantage of her position. She was a wonderful actress and gave each performance her all -- filthy, coy, experienced or virginal, she managed them all and my only regret is that I couldn't film them; something that I remedied as soon as I was able, installing a couple of wide-lens cameras that I could activate from my phone when the action started.
I fucked her across the house and up the stairs. We were loud and reckless and often she forgot to draw the curtains -- or didn't care. I was a great introduction to our new lives and I congratulated myself on my golden decision making, falling asleep happy and naked wherever we had finished up.
It didn't last, of course. A routine established itself and our energy levels dropped. She started doing some cover work and my stress levels increased and we were soon back to civilized missionary on a Wednesday night, with her legs wrapped around my strong back. It was good but it was not mind-blowing in the way that we knew it had been and should be.
Things changed when she saw the small advert in our local paper. It was a casting call for the theatre for a new production. They were looking for actors and actresses to perform in an original production. She passed the page across to me during breakfast. I was late, scoffing some toast and trying not to spill crumbs on my tie and she was relaxing in her dressing gown, her naked thigh visible and distracting.
I glanced at the advert then grunted, unsure as to what she wanted from me. She pouted at my non-commital response and then plonked herself into my lap, grinding into my crotch with her perfect ass. That woke me up. I looked at the advert again. "You thinking of auditioning?"
"Maybe."
I was late; at this rate I would not have time to prepare for my conference call. I was late but all I wanted to do was unzip my trousers and slip my cock into Katie as she sipped her coffee on my lap. "You should sweetheart, you'd enjoy it."
"Mmm. I don't know. They can be a bit risqué, cant they? You sure you want Mr and Mrs Robson seeing your wife prancing about in some skimpy outfit?"
For some reason the thought of our older neighbours, our first friends on the street, seeing Katie half naked sent a pulse of desire through me. I'd seen Dean stealing glances at Katie and I couldn't blame him. The naughty thought made me rock hard and Katie felt my desire and wriggled on my staff, delighted.
"Ooo, hello big boy. Maybe I should audition. Who knows what sort of sexy lead actor I might work with."
She was in playful temptress mode. I'd encountered this character of hers before and I loved it. I slipped my hands into her dressing gown and cupped her tits, rubbing her nipples. All thought of the office was gone now and I felt her arch her back up against me. I short order my cock was out and she was writhing on it as I pulled her shoulders down, impaling her as hard as I could. We fucked until I was well past the conference call start time but I didn't care, I was busy pumping my wife full of cum.
#
She was nervous for the audition. It was on a Saturday morning and for once I didn't have to be in the office so I offered to come with her for moral support. I was looking forward to seeing her on stage as it had been years and years since she had done something she loved.
She was wearing a white silk blouse and a pencil skirt with a conservative hem below her knee. Her hair was up and she wore a dark lipstick. She looked fantastic yet a little prudish. Katie is a smiley person and people take to her straight away so we spent a few minutes chatting companionably to the receptionist who let us know that Katie was the third actress that the director was seeing that morning and that, although not stricktly allowed, if I was silent I could sneak into the audition via the third door down to watch.
She wished us good luck and we waited. Katie looked a bundle of nervous, excited energy. We waited for about ten minutes and then the doors to the auditorium burst open and a young woman stalked out in a fury, her feet clip-cloping across the wooden floor, her head held high and her neck stiff and insulted.
The receptionist sniggered to herself as the door closed and then winked at us. "Didn't think she would cut it. You can go in now."
Katie blew me a kiss then walked in. I waited a minute or two then snuck in as our new friend had suggested, sitting in the back of the empty theatre.
Katie was already on stage, sat in one of two chairs that were lit up. The director sat in the other chair. He was in his forties, bald, with a goatiee he had dyed purple and tied into braids. He was sat with his leg casually crossed over the other and was reading from a sheet of paper in a languid, sonorous voice. Katie was reading from another sheet and putting her all into it with expressive wriggles of her shoulders, hand gestures and subtle changes in her facial movements. Her voice was sultry, then coy, then a little scared: she was good.
I didn't really follow what the hell was going on. The script jumped about and it was very confusing and, after a while, a little boring. They laughed and broke character, discussing things that I couldn't hear then would suddenly be acting again, going over some other passage. I was fidgety but pleased -- I thought that things were going well but sort of wished that they would hurry up so I could get home. I needed to mow the lawns before the rain that was forecast and I had a stack of papers to go through. Then the football was on and I planned on meeting some of my old University friends who were in town and getting shit-faced.
Those were my thoughts when the director stood and gestured for Katie to stand opposite him. I got the sense that this was the final scene -- the one that would make or break the audition. He nodded to her and asked her if she was ready. She smoothed her skirt down and nodded, straightening her back and getting into character.
I was a powerful scene and she absolutely nailed it. It was a seduction; she was a temptress, a vamp, leading a younger man down a darker path, one that he was powerless to resist. Katie did it with masterful ease -- not too hammy and absolutely believable. She oozed sexuality and it was incredible to me how impassive the director remained. His face was a granite slab, watching her, yes, but unmoved, delivering his lines and waiting for her actions and responses. I was steaming up just looking at her in her neat and prim little outfit, giving come-hither looks to an ugly old man on stage. I couldn't imagine her doing this for an audience.
"Curtain! Good, well done." Katie relaxed, a giggled a little, looking pleased with herself. The director made a couple of notes and I thought it was all over. I expected him to usher her off the stage and offer her the part then and there. Instead he moved back to his original starting position and gestured Katie back. "O.K. We are going to do it again - this time, lose the clothes."
Katie stared at him, uncomprehending. He quirked an impatient eyebrow. "Are you deaf? I said lose the clothes. Blouse, skirt, off."
Katie stammered something I didn't hear but it made the director angry. "Look, for fucks sake get on with and stop wasting my time. The lead in this play is going to spend a lot of time in nothing more than dental floss lingere -- if you can't hack it then get the fuck out and I'll find someone who can. Otherwise, drop your goddamn skirt and take that blouse off; i need to see how your tits look in the lighting."
Katie stared at him for a second and everything hung in the balance. I was torn between outraged defensive fury -- I was a nod from Katie away from striding over and breaking an arty face -- and pulling my painfully erect cock out and stroking it. I don't know why I found it so erotically charged but I did.
Katie made her decision and she unbuttoned her blouse, letting it pool on the stage by her feet. Her skirt followed and there she stood in matching thong and bra and stockings. She looked like a cat-walk model in her heels in the stage lighting and this time the director did register his approval.
"Very nice, very nice. Alright -- lets go; from entrance to the kiss."
Her second performance was a quantum leap from the first. It was unbelievable and, for me, unbearable. Her fit body looked too inviting for anyone to resist and I could tell that she was enjoying it. She was all over the director, pawing at him, grinding herself against him as he tried to resist, his character slowly succumbing.
They ended up back on his chair and she straddled him like a stripper, grabbing his head and drawing his face in for a deep, tounge exploring kiss that seemed to go on for an age. They finally broke off and the director called "Curtain! Very good work. You're hired. I'll have Tracy in reception get in contact with all the details. Welcome onboard Katie."
She sequaled in delight and pecking him on the cheek then danced up to her clothes. Before she pulled them back on she found me in the back and gave me a deep and serious stage-curtsy.
That night we fucked like animals. I damn near broke the bed and am pretty sure I damaged my back as I strained into her, again and again, insatiable, thinking of that stage and how she had behaved on it. She was wild and unruly as well; begging for it, pulling me deeper, demanding it harder. I kept fucking until my dick was so sore I couldn't manage it anymore.
My lawns remained unmowed; my mates never saw me for the football that night -- I have no idea what the score was and I didn't care.

Chapter 2

My work suffered as I took an obsessive interest in the progress of the play. Katie was stressing herself out trying to learn the lines early and I helped her more than my time really allowed. She would sit in on some of the casting sessions, reading her part to the other hopefuls. It was going well -- apart from the hunt for the lead man.
This was apparently turning into a challenge as the role was demanding and the area didn't have quite the man that the Director was looking for. It dragged on for weeks and eventually Katie came home in tears, convinced that the production was going to be shelved because they couldn't find anyone. She was devastated. This was the best acting opportunity she had come across and she had worked very hard so far.
There had even been hints of future work from our enigmatic director -- work in short films, or music videos; a start, a tiny break into a dream that Katie had given up on. She saw it all slipping away. I was worried for her but was sure that she was over-reacting, there must be someone suitable.
I was proved right. Katie came home beaming from one of the casting sessions. They had found the right guy, there was no question she declared. He was young -- twenty one or twenty two, he was tall, taller than me even, muscular and 'ruggedly handsome' according to Katie. "He looks like an underwear model." I wasn't sure why I needed to know this.
I sensed that this wasn't the end of the gossip as her green eyes were shining. "What else?"
"He is acriminal. He is on some probation programme from Strangeways and is doing this to stay out of trouble. His probation officer was watching as he auditioned. Tracy tells me that he was done for armed robbery, but because he was only seventeen at the time he has been let out now. He has tattoos all up his arm."
I grunted, not especially pleased. She seemed delighted at my discomfort. "Bet he wasn't required to strip down to his briefs to get the job."
She jabbed my arm playfully. "He was, actually -- but that is the one problem. He couldn't do that scene; gave up on it actually out of nerves. Just couldn't manage it. I thought that we had missed again by Mark hired him anyway, saying that he was so good that they would have to just work something out, figure out how to get past that scene."
"It must be terrible for him, having a beautiful older woman lust after him in her underwear."
"You'd be surprised. He was shaking like a leaf poor thing and I was fully clothed. Anyway, we have a full cast now; first stage read through with everyone is happening on Friday evening -- do you want to come along?"
I almost ducked out. I had a networking event that I was supposed to go to and it was at a very nice restaurant that I'd wanted to try for ages -- but I remembered her audition and decided that that was a better use of my time.
Tracy let me sneak in again and I watched as Mark laid down the law with his actors, reminding them of his standards and what he expected. He was a terror, a dictator who would have been perfect for the corporate world. I could learn a few things, I decided.
The read through was subdued and riddled with errors. I assumed that it would get better but Katie was the standout for me by miles.
The leading man was pretty good as well. Hewashandsome goddamn him. He looked a film-star or perhaps a rock star with the tattoos winding his way up his arms and peeking up from his chest on his neck. He was a gym bro -- you could tell. He was tapered and proportioned in a way that screamed of squat racks and bench presses and pull-up bars. He looked hard as shit; a thug who would make me cross the street if I saw him on a dark night.
I was interrupted by the arrival of another stow-away, who had crept in via the same door as me. It was a young woman, just barely into her twenties I would guess. She was delicious. She was blonde with a thin tall physique and pale, ivory skin. Her eyes were bright blue and she looked a Nordic ice-maiden dressed in a Goths' outfit of leather and rags and heavy make-up. Her tits squeezed and heaved against the confines of her corset and I noticed how thin and delicate her fingers were through the cut-off gloves she wore as she gripped the back of a seat to steady herself.
I guessed that she was the leading man's girlfriend and the reason behind his nervous hesitancy became a little clearer: he did not want her to be jealous. She didn't look jealous. She was quite calm, watching the play in an interested manner.
I tore my attention away from her as the seduction scene stared. I had been waiting for this, remembering the spark or lust I experienced last time, during the audition, and anticipating more incredible bedroom rewards later.
I was disappointed. The scene was a failure. It was akward and stumbling and the fault was all with the leading man, who seemed terrified of Katie and would not let her near. He was stiff and rigid in a way he had not been with anyone else in the cast and it all ended with Mark groaning his annoyance and wrapping everything up.
The blonde who had snuck in grunted and then left, favouring me with a surprisingly friendly smile as she walked up the isle. God she was hot. She looked like a student of some sort -- intelligent, naiave and every man's dream of a fuck-doll that will never be.
Everyone knew the scene stunk and Katie was down on herself the whole ride home. "Is it me? Do I reek or something? James, that boy, won't come near me. Am I that old?"
I scoffed at the idea and tried to sooth her, crushed that my night of passion had been scuppered by some dickless thug. What the fuck was wrong with him?
"He is probably just frightened of you babe; his girlfriend was watching and I bet he didn't want to get to close to the beautiful sex-goddess or she would crucify him."
"The blondie sat a few row down from you?"
"Yeah."
"Thought you would notice her, cute isn't she? James said she is a Psychology student or something. Met her when he was inside and she was doing some study or other."
"She was pretty enough, I suppose. Anyway, don't fret over it. He is just nervous, it'll pass."
#
It didn't pass. The rest of the play was going really well, according to Katie, but her scenes with James were just a complete disaster. Mark was losing his shit, screaming at them to sort it out, storming off, threatening to cancel the whole production. It had Katie in tears and I was forced to engage my brain and try and do something.
"Look, the lad is just scared shitless of you. He probably fancies you, I know I would if I were in his position. He is just uncomfortable."
"Yeah -- but how do we solve that?"
I thought about it. "Invite him over here to practice. Our living room is nice and large, you can go over the scene without there being an audience to watch. Once you get it down a few times it'll be more natural on the stage -- he'll stop worrying about his girlfriend or the cast or whatever else is eating away at him."
She took to the idea. "Yes, I'll do that. You'll have to clear out though, you'll put him off."
"Nonsese."
"You intimidate people. Go to the Kings' Head, I'll buzz you if I need you."
I grumbled, annoyed. I didn't like the turn that this had taken. I'd sort of expected her to reject the idea. Katie was fairly precious about our house and I thought the idea of bringing in a stranger -- a convicted criminal no less -- into the house would put her off. I was mistaken, so much so that she didn't even want me around; which was a worry. What if he attacked her?
I was also secretly annoyed that I couldn't watch the scene again. Part of me had been dreaming about how the scene would look with the two of them and it had given me a raging hard-on. I wanted to watch it come together, I wanted to see her reel this boy in.
But I couldn't now. Or could I? I remembered the cameras that I'd secreted around the living room, put in to record our fuck sessions a while ago. I'd never got round to removing them and they were just a click of my phone away. I got a giddy voyeuristic thrill from the idea of watching them alone.
It excited me enough that I jumped Katie in the shower, sneaking in as she rinsed the shampoo out of her long hair and pinning her up against the glass, pounding her from behind. I imagined I was James and I came harder than I had since I was a teenager, all but screaming as I thrust into her.
"My, my, what's come over you tonight," Katie purred as I slid out of her, nearly dropping to my knees. We dried off and she joined me on the bed, where she absently stroked my flaccid cock, her head on my chest. "Something has you all worked up."
My cock was getting hard again. "I was thinking about tomorrow, when you have James here. I was thinking about how naughty you two might be."
Katie's hand tightened on my cock and she started pumping in slow, strong strokes. I couldn't believe what I'd just said. I was worried how she might react. It was not a fantasy we had talked about -- it was not a fantasy I knew I even had until just recently. She was well within her rights to freak out, but she didn't, she kept stroking my cock so I kept talking.
"I was thinking how hot and bothered he might get and what he might do to you."
"Mmm, does that turn you on?"
"A little."
"Does the thought of him taking me, rough, turn you on?"
"Yes."
She slipped her hot mouth on my cock and I arched back. She slid up and down on the shaft then flipped her leg over, mounting me, riding me hard.
"Have you thought of me sucking his cock? Of me riding him like this; of him cumming on my face, on my tits?"
"Unnng, yes."
"So have I."
I erupted in her as she said it; spewing deep and endless. She came as well, hard and continuous, gripping on to me as she rode wave after wave. We collapsed together and giggled at how silly we were being. It was a fantasy. A hot, ludicrous fantasy and we were both adult enough to acknowledge that.
#
I left the house in the early afternoon. Thankfully a Test Match was on so I spent a few hours watching a miserable English batting collapse waiting for James to arrive. Katie sent me a text as soon as he got there my heart jumping with the vibration of my phone.
I was sat in a corner booth with an ale and my headphones in. I activated the camera app and cycled through the views. I watched as James walked through the corridor with Katie in tow. I saw them go into the kitchen and Katie make tea for the two of them. They laughed and chatted as they drank the tea. James looked nervous still, on edge. Katie was her charming best.
He was dressed casually, in jeans and a v-neck sweater. His impressive physique was accentuated by this and you could see how ripped he actually was. Katie was wearing some loose floaty house trousers and one of my old rugby shirts. Her hair was loose and I guess she wanted to look as dowdy as possible but she looked sexy as hell to me.
They farted about for ages moving the couches and setting things up in the correct spots before they got down to practicing the scene. I watched with rapt attention but was again disappointed. The scene was no better and perhaps a little worse. I dragged and eventually James slumped down on the sofa with his hands in his head.
Katie sat next to him and they talked softly for a while, with Katie reaching out a hand and putting it on his shoulder for support. She then stood and grabbed her phone. My own phone then rang. I pretended that I was engrossed in the Cricket.
"How's it going?"
"Lousy. Worse than ever."
"Have you asked him what is wrong? Surely he knows."
"Yes, he admitted it to me. You were right: he said that the problem he has is that he finds me too attractive, can you imagine that. He said that he is worried that he might 'embarrass himself' on stage if he gets too involved in the scene. He said it wasn't to do with Alana, that's his girlfriend, as she was totally cool with it."
"So he thinks he'll get a boner on stage if he flirts with you."
She giggled. "Yes, I think that's exactly the problem."
"Well, tell him not to worry about it -- that's why you're doing it in a safe place. Just do the scene and show him that you're a professional."
"Yeah, that's what I said. We're going to give it a full run through now; I'll let you know how it goes and if he gets a woody." She giggled again then hung up.
I flipped the cameras back on and watched as she walked back in from the kitchen and they started the scene up. She started her come on and he was much more into it now, relaxed and standing tall. They looked a good couple together with him towering over her. His tattoos and rough edges contrasted nicely to her flawless skin and petite perfection. The scene moved on and she was touching him now, gently, using the gestures that she would in the production, urging him, whispering, leaning in. He didn't shy away and he was almost flawless. Then the kiss.
She straddled him and dove for his face and he pulled her in. They kissed and kissed and kissed. Longer and longer. I watched, dumbstruck, as the kiss dragged on beyond belief. I was rock hard and staring. No, the screen had not frozen.
Finally they broke off and my wife stood. James did as well and then I could see why he had been nervous of 'embarrassing' himself: the guy had the hugest tent in his pants that I'd ever seen. It was porn huge, manga huge. There was no discreet way of hiding that amount of excited meat when you were onstage and my wife obviously excited him a great deal.
She must have been straddling that. The thought crept in as Katie disappeared back into the kitchen to ring me. My heart was hammering.
"Babe?" she was breathless.
"Yeah?"
"He has the hugest cock. It's massive. He got really hard at the end of the scene and it just sticks out like a fucking red-wood. He says he can't help it. What are we going to do? There is no way he can hide that monster on stage. He is mortified."
I laughed though in truth I was fucking shaking. "Well, I guess you are just going to have to get him used to you so he doesn't get aroused."
"What, how does that work?"
"Sometimes it is just the thrill of the unknown that is sexy to guys, or at least thrilling enough to get it up and ready. The more familiar you get with a woman the easier it is to block yourself off."
"So what do you suggest?"
"I dunno -- sit in his lap? Watch a movie? Get him used to you and comfortable so he thinks of you as a sister or something."
"Right, right, you better not come home for a bit then."
She hung up before I had a chance to respond. I flicked the camera on. James was wringing his hands on the couch, obviously nervous and ashamed of what had happened. Katie walked in and they talked for a bit. James looked like he was ready to leave but Katie stopped him, pushing him back to the couch where she sat him down and then sat in his lap. She turned on the TV and settled in. He wrapped his muscled arms around her and they watched the TV for a few minutes.
She nestled back into his large frame and I saw his big hands wrap around her. They looked like an old couple sat together. But there was an undeniable sexual tension that I could feel even through the camera.
Katie began to shift and move in James' lap. His cock must have risen to the occasion and I could see that she was having difficulty in avoiding it, sat on his lap. There was no laughter or banter now and she did not leap to her feet.
Then I saw her small hand snake backwards and down and, unbelievably, it slipped into his trousers. I gasped as his head rocked back. She was gripping his cock. My wife, in my house, was gripping the cock of another man.
His hands ran up her body and he was squeezing her tits, massaging them and then he was inside the shirt and Katie arched her neck back, grabbing the back of his head with her other hand. They were kissing then, passionate and deep and full of tongue. Katie's hand was still in his jeans.
Then she stood and I thought it was all over, that she had come to her senses. I was relieved, in a way, but also disappointed. It was still the hottest thing I'd ever seen and I'd deal with the conflicting feelings and consequences later. Right now I wanted to get back and fuck the shit out of my naughty, naughty wife.
But she wasn't finished. She stood so she could pull the shirt over her head, revealing her perfect tits underneath. She stood so she could grab onto the legs of his jeans and pull, tugging them off him and releasing the raging monster.
And it was truly free now. It was obscene, huge and veined. It looked like a baseball bat and his huge balls swung underneath. The bulbous head was red and angry and he just watched as Katie stared at it, his hands behind his head, relaxed.
Katie dropped to her knees and shuffled up between his thighs. I held my breath. She grabbed his python with her small hands, the fingers not even managing to touch and she admired it. Then she slipped it into her mouth and worshiped it, licking and sucking and stuffing as much of it down her throat as she could manage.
She looked up at him with her green eyes as she did so, slurping and fucking her own mouth with his manhood and the bastard lapped it up, taking his time, nestling back and admiring her work, feeling each part of her, owning her.
I dashed to the toilets, locking myself into a disabled cubicle and tugging out my cock in a fury. Katie was really into it now and James had a meaty hand wrapped around her long hair, guiding her up and down, up and down in a steady rhythm.
Then he was thrusting up with his hips, emptying into her and she was gagging, swallowing, gulping. Another man's cum was flooding my wife's mouth and she was loving it, trying to get as much as she could down into her belly. He came in torrents and it was too much for her to keep tidy. It spilt out onto her chin and down her fingers and across her cheeks. He kept cumming and cumming and she kept slurping. I came too, unable to restrain myself watching my wife's debauchery. When he sat back down she was licking the ropes off her fingers, lapping it up. I couldn't believe what I'd just seen.
They looked at each other then shared a little laugh. What would happen now? I assumed that they would just clean up and he would slink away but they had other ideas. Katie stood and picked up the script again and they moved into their start positions. They were going to run through the scene again.
Katie was topless, her gorgeous tits swinging free and she still had his cum smeared across her cheek and along her hands. He didn't pull his jeans back on but walked to his mark with the monster swinging free between his legs.
My cock started to revive itself as they ran through the scene. It was scintillating, this time, with James holding nothing back. Katie looked a delight, striking her seductive poses in her state of undress, her face a debauched mess. The curtains were open and anyone might have spotted them had they looked hard but they didn't care.
The scene moved on towards its climax and James' cock reared up once more. He was clearly not spent after the blow-job and my wife's charms were more than enough to convince the dragon to rise once more. Katie looked at it and the grabbed hold of it as she delivered some of her final lines. She pumped on it, whispering into James' ear then pushed him down onto the chair for the final straddle and kiss.
She kept hold of his cock as she did so and this time the kiss was exquisite. James sucked on her exposed tits and she pumped his cock with her eager hands. I couldn't help but think how much better the scene looked this way, as dirty and nasty as Mark had no doubt imagined when he wrote it.
Then Katie's skirt was sliding down and she was on him in her panties alone. He pulled off his shirt revealing a torso that was ripped like a fitness model. This was ludicrous levels -- rippling six pack and square plate pecs. His tattoos swirled and crossed and Katie ran her fingers across him, enjoying the feel.
He hooked his fingers into the waistband of her panties and she was shimmying her hips to help him pull them down, refusing to relinquish her grip on his raging cock. Then they were pooled around her ankles and she was daintily stepping out of them -- naked for the first time in front of another man.
She wasted no time, clambering up onto his lap and impaling herself on his tower. She did is slow, letting herself slide down his pole and feel every inch of him. I had a great view of it from both angles. Of the shaft vanishing up her hot cunt and of her face grimacing and smiling in pleasure and pain.
She kept going and going, sliding down and down until she was balls deep -- far further than I ever imagined she would get. Then she was grinding and writhing and cumming, again and again, wave after wave.
She rode him faster and faster until there was a blur of slapping balls and bounding cheeks. She was delirious now and he stood, holding her in his muscular arms, pumping her with his hips in the middle of our living room as her legs flailed around him then wrapped around his back.
They fell forward and he caught them before they hit the ground, seuaging into missionary where he pounded her on the floor. She was a moaning writhing mess, her hair spayed and her ankles pinned up by his ears. He fucked her relentlessly, pummling her across the floor.
Then they switched around and he was fucking her doggy, her face down and her ass up for his pleasure. He power-fucked her again, pulling her hips back into him then grabbing her long hair and twisting it into a handle.
He was rough; yanking on her hair and bending her head back, arching her spine as he fucked her, his balls slapping again and again. His stamina was impressive and I was a disgusting wreck of cum and sweat by the time he finally finished with her, emptying his balls deep into my wife with a scream then settling back onto my sofa.
Katie came hard as he did so, again and again then she swung around and started to lick his shaft clean, slurping up the taste of his cum and her own juices.
They stared up at each other after that and my phone battery died. I freaked out and then cleaned myself up, rushing to my backpack and plugging my phone in to charge.
It took an excruciating amount of time to switch on again and when I did the cameras showed an empty room. I got a text message from Katie saying that it was OK for me to come home, which I did with trepidation.

Chapter 3
She was waiting for me in the kitchen as I came home. She was sat down looking miserable. She looked on the verge of tears. James was gone but I couldn't help but feel his presence everywhere. Could I smell his cum on her breath?
"How did it go?" My voice had a nervous quaver to it.
"Badly. Alex -- I did something -- I did something. I love you so much but I."
She was on the verge of a complete meltdown and I rushed over to her, grabbing her in my arms and squeezing her in close, hush her up. "It's Ok, It's Ok. I saw it all on the cameras. I saw it all. Its Ok."
She pulled away at me with wide eyes. "You saw what I did?"
I nodded, pulling out my phone and activating the app, showing the empty livingroom. "I watched it all."
"And you didn't stop it? You didn't kick the door in?"
"No."
She shook her head and wiped away a tear that had escaped her eye. "I'm sorry."
I pulled her into my lap and stroked her hair -- hair that James had been yanking as he fucked her not very long ago. "Don't be. It was.... It fucking turned me on."
She laughed. "Me too. Did you see the size of it? I can't believe I took it all."
I was getting hard again and I led her out of the kitchen by the hand and up the stairs. She kept talking as we moved, babbling, telling me about everything that happened.
"I tried what you suggested, sitting in his lap, but it just got worse and worse. I could feel him getting hard and it was so huge, so distracting. Then I thought that maybe if I relieved him of his boner then he might feel more comfortable. Maybe once the itch had been scratched then maybe he would just let it go.
"But it didn't work. He got hard during the scene again and I couldn't stop myself. I thought that maybe he needed to fuck me to get rid of the desire. Maybe just one hard fuck and it would be solved."
I'd bundled her into the bed and our clothes were coming off. I was aching and I stuffed it into her without so much as a kiss. She grunted as I pumped. "Tell me how it felt, tell me how he fucked you."
She groaned as I picked up my pace. Was that his cum I could feel inside her? "He was so big, so very big. And he was rough, dominant. He knew what he wanted and he took it. He came so much, I could feel it deep inside me, I can still taste it. He made me cum so many times."
I pumped and pumped then emptied into her, totally spent. She stroked my hair as I rolled to my side and we lay in silence. "Alex, what do we do? Is it over?"
"No. I love you, that hasn't changed. I don't know why but watching you get fucked is the sexiest thing I can imagine. I don't care about all the other stuff. It is just erotic, fantastic."
"I invited him back next Thursday. I'm going to let him have me, if you agree. I'm going to be his slave."
"Oh I allow it. But I'm going to have to install more cameras."
#
I spent a fortune on upgraded, fully HD cameras that I hid around our bedroom and through the house. I did question myself a few times as I was installing them. What the hell was I doing? Had I gone completely insane? I was turning my house into some twisted peep-show and worrying more about how to cover all the angles than on the fact that someone else had, and was going to, fuck the shit out of my wife in my own home.
We didn't really think about it and all the host of issues that it touched on. We talked about it though, feeding off the taboo and ever more frantic fuck sessions. I edited down the recording of their tryst and showed it to Katie the night before James was due over and she went crazy, wild with sexual energy.
I'd wanted to deny her, to keep her on a simmer but I failed miserably.
The day rolled by and I blocked off my afternoon at work in imaginary teleconferences with 'the Singapore office'. The door to my office was locked and I had multiple screens up showing my house like a security desk.
James pulled up to the house on a bike. It was something quick and dangerous and he parked it off to the side of our path, sauntering up to the door.
Katie answered wearing nothing but silk robe, tied up at her waist. She wasted no time, welcoming him in with a kiss that might have made you think that he was her husband. He unzipped his leathers and she led him into the kitchen by the hand. She opened the fridge and fetched him one of my beers, pouring it into a pint glass. He sat at the table and took a long draught. They talked.
She swung behind him and started to rub his shoulders and neck. He rolled his head and she worked deeper. He then stood and drew her into a long kiss and she had to stand on her tip-toes to reach him, her long hair cascading down her back. He slipped a hand into her silk robe and unfastened it and she let it drop to the ground. He felt around the curve of her ass then pulled his t-shirt of and slipped out of his trousers.
He was semi-erect and still gargantuain. He was enjoying himself and kissed her again then drank from his beer. She wrapped a small hand around his cock then used it to lead him through the living-room and up the stairs like a tow-bar.
He followed as she dragged him to the bedroom where she dropped to her knees in front of him and got to work, her performance topping her previous one with vigour and skill. He let her work but then took control again, fucking her mouth with rough strokes, rubbing his cock along her face and forcing her to suck on his huge balls.
They moved into the bed and then he really took over. They fucked for hours. It was a brutal, stunning exhibition of pure energy and power. He worked her over in position after position, never tiring, never losing control.
She came again and again and then she knew that he was toying with her, owning her body completely.
He finally came in her when she was prone, with him ploughing deep into her as she grunted, lost to any sensation but sex. He broke the headboard such was the depth of his pounding strokes.
Once again Katie swung around and cleaned him off after he had dumped his load. She licked and sucked him clean and kept going until he was hard again and they were off once more, this time he let her direct proceedings, let her ride him and wear herself out on the steel of his desire.
She looked magnificent and timeless on top of him cumming again and again. He took even longer to cum this time and she took it on her face, kneeling and pumping his cock dry as he emptied his balls onto her in a shower of sperm that I envied: she had never let me do that to her.
I watched as they rested then dressed together tenderly. He gave her a familiar peck on the forehead and then sped off on his bike.
It was hot as fuck.

Chapter 3
About a week later, two weeks before the first performance, I had an unexpected visitor at work. It was during a staff training day and the office was nearly empty as everyone else was down in London in workshops or in bars.
I was working on some complex projections and was feeling a little frazzled and depressed and not with it. My home life was a strange blur of sex and sordidness and all normality had flown out of the window. Katie was transformed. We were fucking all the time now, hot for each other like teenagers and we seldom did anything but fuck and recover.
She was fucking James as well, once a week. He would come over and pound the shit out of her, brutal and unrelenting, filling her up and leaving her senseless, taking his pleasure. He even stayed over a couple of nights when I was away on business and I got hours of tape of Katie servicing him.
The play was progressing like a dream, apparently. The scene was a thing of beauty and Mark was overjoyed at the turnaround and they were coming close to the big opening night. Katie was sure that bigger projects were on the horizon and all she needed was a few rave reviews and her dream career would unfold. But in the mean-time her old life was falling away; she was no longer the responsible, reserved school-teacher but had become a fuck-toy for two big men to share and pass between them. She was terrified but had never felt so alive.
My receptionist ushered my visitor in without consulting me. She was in a rush to make her train and go on leave so vanished as soon as she buzzed the door, leaving me as the last breathing person in the office. I was annoyed: what if this person was a serial killer? We had literally no one else around, no security, no cleaners, nobody.
I glanced up irritably as the door to my office swung open. It was a tall blonde woman wearing an oversized trench coat and boots with straps on them. She had dark make-up on and was staring at me from an angelic face. It was James' girlfriend and I cringed inside. This wasn't going to be good. This was going to be an ugly, ugly scene.
I gestured for her to sit and tried to think. Should I call the police? Me alone with this girl was not a good idea. She could attack me, or accuse me of something, all of which would be a disaster. She flopped down into the chair and stared at me with her blue blue eyes, obviously unsure of where to start.
I sighed. "Can I help you Miss?"
She looked down submissively and there was an awkward silence. I thought about pretending not to know who she was but suspected that this was a pointless endeavour. She knew I knew. I tried to engage her again.
"You're James' girlfriend, right? I think I've seen you at rehearsals."
"I've come to make amends." She blurted it out then shifted, embarrassed that she had dared to say anything.
"I'm sorry?"
She glanced up at me and I could see tremulous fear in her perfect face. "I know what James has been doing with your wife. I am sorry about it. It is wrong of him. Don't think too badly of her, he has this effect on women. I thought I had stopped him but your wife is too tempting."
I sunk back into my chair. Oh god. This was going to be messy as shit. This girl would expect me to be outraged and furious about my wife's infidelity. How to explain that I was, in a way, complicit? "I see."
She shifted forward in her seat and put out her hands in supplication. "Please don't confront him about it, please. Please don't make a scene. If you fight him then he'll go back to prison, this time for good. Please don't do that, he has come so far."
"Look, I..."
She cut me off, hardening her jaw in determination and standing tall. "I've come to make amends." With that she unbuttoned her trench-coat and let it drop to the floor. She was naked underneath, wearing only stocking and suspenders, heels and a waxed strip of blond pubic hair.
Her body was mind-blowing. She was toned and perfect, proportioned like a Victoria's secret model. She was young and pert and the hint of vulnerability thrummed desire through me like an electric jolt. Oh god damn but I wanted to savage this girl. But I had my principles, just.
"Stop -- look, I won't take advantage of you, I won't blackmail you like this. You don't have to do this; I won't make trouble, I promise you."
She didn't cower away like I expected; grab her coat and button it up in a hurry. No, she stepped forward with a sexy sway of her hips and rounded the desk, standing naked in her glory right next to me who swivelled in my chair. She was tall and I liked it. I was tall too and it was a nice change from stopping down to see Katie's tits.
She put a finger up to my lips and hushed me. "I've come to make amends. You're not making me do anything." She dropped to her kness between my knees and put her hands in her lap, looking up at me like a little slave girl. "But you can make me do anything."
I got it then, in a flash. Her and James had some sort of slave and master thing going on. It was fucked up and weird. Was he sending her to me or did she come here on her own accord? Truth was that I didn't give two shits. I was well past rational thought. She was a submissive girl, naked at my feet and fuck yes this was going to happen.
"Unzip my trousers and suck my dick."
She smiled up at me and I think I was in love. She reached up and undid my belt with excruciating slowness. Then she daintily grabbed my zipper and tugged it down. My cock sprang free and the size of it surprised her and her head dodged back involuntarily. I wasn't nearly James' size but I was no fucking slouch. There was a reason Katie could take all of that cock and the reason was that I was packing a sizeable chunk of man meat myself.
Alana clearly had not expected it and she actually licked her lips in anticipation. Apparently she liked them big, a size queen. She thought I'd be average at best and this was like Christmas to her. She gripped it in a pale fist and pumped. I slid my trousers off and then she was sucking me, her warm mouth dancing over my cock-head while her blue eyes stared at me.
Jesus Christ that blow-job. She was a master, better than Katie, better than anyone. James had trained her and it was absolutely incredible. I couldn't believe the turn my day had taken. One minute I was drowning in cost projections in excel, the next moment I had a student goddess sucking me off in my office like the greatest porn-star in the world.
She was good and she expected me to lose control and to be fair to her I almost did. But I was a man grown and I had a handle on myself. My rabbit fucking of my wife might also have helped but somehow I kept myself from spilling into that eager mouth.
Instead I stood her up, feeling her incredible tits and slipping a finger into her tight hole, eliciting a soft gasp. I got rid of my shirt and was rewarded with another soft gasp of delight. She was surprised again; this time by my hard body.
Again I wasn't the cut Adonis that James was but I was muscular and big in a different way. I had the look of a lumber-jack. My chest wasn't shaved and I had that physique that radiated power. It was more silverback than gym monkey and she liked it.
I grabbed her and lifted her off her feet, dumping her on my desk. I kneeled then and spread her legs, savouring the close up look I had of her perfect pussy. Then I dove in.
God may not have given me the ICBM that James was carrying but I did have a very long and dexterous tongue and I had a feeling that Alana would find this a new and extremely enjoyable experience.
I was not wrong. She arched back in exctecy the moment my tongue found its mark. I guessed that James wasn't the type to eat her out, hung and alpha as he was. He was the type who liked to dominate, to take pleasure rather than give. His was a young man's attitude, one that didn't understand that a little work with your tongue and fingers resulted in a dividend of bliss. I guessed that Alana might never have been eaten out like this. The men she had fucked would all be awed by her beauty, her magnificent body. They would have been in a rush, impatient to get it in her lest the opportunity vanish.
But I was older and I knew we had all afternoon; there was no need to rush. I wanted to own her in a way that James couldn't fathom. I wanted to fuck her like a mature, grown man. Fuck her like she has never experienced and open up her eyes.
So I started by tormenting her with my tongue and she was all over the place. She gripped the back of my head and was vocal, grunting and yelping as I got to work. She came with a judder and I made her come again. Her pussy tasted sweet and she was wet -- dripping with desire now.
I kept going at it until she pulled my head up to draw me into a deep and fulsome kiss. One that I enjoyed and savoured. She was tasting herself and the feel of that young tongue in my mouth was velvety bliss.
Her hand was around my cock again and I was stiff, aching for her. She was on the verge of madness, desperate to get me inside her. Her blue eyes were boring into mine, intense and beautiful and I could feel her shivering in anticipation as she hiked herself up and wrapped her legs around my waist. She impaled herself on my cock and arched back in pleasure, moaning a soft "yessssssss" as I effortlessly slid into her balls deep. Her cunt was velvet, gripping me and massaging my cock with the tightness of youth. She was dripping for me and she started to ride me mid air, atheletically bucking and rolling her hips, sliding herself up and down my shaft.
I let her do it, holding the pose and meeting her thrusts with my own. I matched her timing, her rhythem and again she was surprised. The men in her life were all about pounding, all about power and getting over the line. I guided her to her climax, pacing our thrusting to a crescendo that had her nails clawing at my back and her screaming into the thankfully empty office.
I couldn't hold her up any longer and so I collapsed back into my chair. She swivelled on my cock and then did something I had not experienced before -- she fucked herself doggy as I sat down, shaking her ass up and down on my cock like a porn star, like a dancer twerking. It was unbelievable and again she nearly overcame my control.
But I was enjoying this too much to let her win like that. I didn't know if it was a single pop I got. Could be that once I came she would be out of there like a shot and I'd never have pussy like this again. I wanted to enjoy it, to enjoy the change. I liked how she was tall and how her tits sat nicely in my face when she faced me. How long her body was and how we fit together. I liked her naivity and mix of inexperience and sluttish know how.
I liked how she came on my cock, again and again, in surprise and without any self control. I sat up and grabbed her tits and drew her head to mine. I whispered a command in her ear. "I want you to ride me until I cum, understand? I'm going to lie on the table and you've got to ride my cock until I'm ready to cum."
"Yes sir."
"How about a challenge, you want a challenge?"
"Yes sir."
"If you can make me cum in under ten minutes then the next time we do this I'll eat you out for an hour." She groaned at this, involentarirly. My heart soared. There was going to be a next time.
"And if I can't?"
"I get to fuck you in the ass."
She nodded and we switched places. I lay back on the desk and she mounted me. Then she gave the performance of her life. She was wild and fast and filthy. She pounded up and down on me, exhausting herself, contorting herself to get me deeper and deeper. She talked dirty in my ear, promising to swallow all my cum, urging me to pump deep into her, to breed her, to use her like a whore.
I held fast but it was an epic struggle. She massaged my balls with her hands as she rode me, she tried everything she could think of. "Where would Sir like to cum? Do you want it in my mouth? In my pussy? Do you want it on my tits? Shall I lick it up from the desk or from your feet? Just tell me, I'm begging you, I' m begging you."
I made it over the ten minute mark and about thirty seconds longer; blasting into her in long streams. This set her off again and she came loud and strong, gripping my cock with her pussy. She had come multiple times during the ten minutes but had kept going, showing amazing determination and stamina. I stayed inside her for a long couple of minutes while we caught our breath. Then she slid off and stuck her fingers up her pussy, dragging out ropes of my cum.
This she stuffed into her mouth with cooing noises, slurping it up gratefully as I watched. She did this two or three times then shuffled down and licked the rest of it off my super sensitive cock. It was beyond bliss.
Then we sat up and I looked at her. She was still model gorgeous but she looked like she had been through a war. Her hair was sticky and she was a mass of sweat and cum. She smiled up at me. "Thank you for that. I've never been fucked like that before in my life. I didn't know it could.... I didn't think that... can we do it again? I'll keep my promise."
The nervousness of her question touched me -- she genuinely worried that I'd reject her. "What about James?"
She shrugged. "I'll talk to him. He is into it. He wants me to join him and Katie and he's talked about a threesome with me and another guy. It should be fine. Can I meet you again?"
"Let me talk to my wife. Give me your number."
Katie would have to grant me this. There was no way I was going to miss out on fucking that ass.

Chapter 4

Katie was amused by my visit from Alana. She was pleased, I think, for me to have had a little fun. It showed just how fucked up our moral compass had become that she was happy for me to have had an affair with a young student just so it further legitimized her sordid affair with that young student's criminal boyfriend.
We didn't think about it too much. Besides, we were still so hot for each other that it was difficult to think of anything else. The opening night was only days away and Katie was nervous. Despite James fucking the shit out of her on a regular basis he was still having erections on stage during the seduction scene.
He was relaxed about it now and just let it happen -- much to the surprise of the rest of the cast -- but it was still a problem that might scupper the performance on the night. The audience might titter and the mood might be shattered. She wasn't sure what to do. I jokingly suggested that she suck him off behind stage beforehand and she didn't laugh but rather looked pensive, considering it.
I couldn't get the idea out of my head for the whole lead up to the evening. Katie had given me permission for round two with Alana but work and events got in the way of it so I postponed until after the production finished. The anticipation was almost worth the wait. I did, however, suggest to her that we might watch the production together and I was waiting for her in my Jag to take her to the theatre.
She looked glamorous and beautiful, her Goth-clothes swapped for a classic black dress with a slit up the leg and some generous cleavage. She had her hair up exposing an elegant curve of neck and she smiled at me as I opened the door of the car for her letting her in. She was breathtaking, a vision of young beauty and I felt lucky to be taking her anywhere. I was actually tempted to call in the bet then and there but decided against it.
Eyebrows were raised amongst the people that knew me when I turned up with Alana on my arm. I explained to Mr and Mrs Robson and they laughed and wished our other halves luck but I could tell that tongues would be wagging.
The truth was that we looked a good pair. The age gap was good and my maturity and her youth complimented each other well. Those that didn't know us must have thought me her sugar daddy and envied me for having her to fuck in the night. We had our own royal box and I led her to her seat, ordering a bottle of champagne to be brought up. Why work all of those hours if you don't spend the paper?
The crowd hushed down and the performance started. It was good -- full of cracking lines and even some sophisticated humour. Katie was sublime, her portrayal of a woman turning from an uptight vicar's wife into a smouldering temptress utterly compelling. She had the audience in the palm of her hand and I could see all our friends watching her in awe, spell-bound by her magnetisim and stage-presence, not to mention her beauty.
I ordered another bottle of champers and Alana and I gulped it down as the plot got darker. There was a first scene with Katie and James and the chemistry was electric. It was the final scene before the interval and it had the audience murmering in appreciation and thought as the curtain fell.
Alana turned to me and I gestured that I'd follow her out, which I did, giving her ass a squeeze as she slipped past me. She didn't turn but paused a second at the door, backing me up and grabbing my cock through my trousers. Naughty minx.
I was much sought out at the bar, people congratulating me on my wife's amazing performance. They also raved about James and those that knew his background sang it loud for everyone to hear. Behind all the back-slapping was the unspoken thought: Crickey mate, you happy about your wife flirting on stage with that bloke? Looks pretty real to me.
Alana was charming and elegant and I marvelled at how easily she blended with this crowd. They were people who would have crossed the street to avoid her had she been wearing her goth clothes yet now they laughed at her jokes and nodded at her insights.
The bell went and we all shuffled back inside. I ordered another bottle. Alana was a little tipsy now. The play went on and things got steamier and steamier and you could feel the crowd getting a little worked up. There would be plenty of fucking after this show, that was for sure.
Alana was feeling it as well and her hand was on my leg, making its way up to my cock. No one could see into our booth so I let her do it and half-way through the third scene she had her hand in my trousers and was slowly jacking me off in a packed theatre.
Then finally it was the seduction scene and it was all I hoped it would be. The sight of Katie in nothing but the skimpiest of lingere was almost too much for the crowd who collectively gasped as she sauntered on stage. She was wearing a g-string which barely covered her shapely arse and she had steep stilhettos on which had the effect of thrusting her chest forward. Her tits were held in place by a thin, transparent lacy bra and she wore stockings and suspenders, lipstick and a predatory smile.
Alana groaned at the sight of her and slipped out of her chair, sliding up to me and pulling my cock into her mouth as she rubbed at her clit furiously. I surpressed a groan of my own as I had my dick sucked watching my wife prance about almost naked in a theatre full of friends and strangers.
I looked over and saw Mr Robson with his jaw slack, devouring the sight of Katie, oblivious to his wife's disapproval next to him. It was lava-hot, this scene, and James had not even entered yet.
When he did it was reward time for the ladies. He was shirtless and his torso glistened. He fought the seduction from Katie but she wore him down with a masterful display. Soon his tight trousers started to tent and there were audible murmers in the crowd. Perhaps they thought it was a bad prosthetic? That might ruin the night.
Katie slithered up to James and whispered in his ear. Then, and this was new, this was not in the script that I knew so well, she snaked her hand down and grabbed his cock through his trousers. Gasps from the crowd. Then, slowly, she unzipped James and took out his giant member, out on stage.
It was time for the kiss and she pushed him down onto the chair, still holding his cock. There was utter silence in the theatre as she straddled him, still locked in passionate kiss. His cock disappeared between them and it looked like he had slipped it into her, right there on stage. But it couldn't be, it couldn't be.
The kiss lingered on, hot and steamy and Katie rocked back and forth in his lap. Then they broke off and it was the love-making scene where they flopped into the bed between the sheets. They simulated sex in furious passion, missionary, then the curtain dropped and the old street sweeper came on for the final epilogue.
The applause was thunderous but I missed it all as I was emptying my balls into Alana's eager throat. She sucked it all down and wiped her mouth, moving back to the seat beside me. She winked at me then whispered in my ear. "Your cum tastes delicious tonight."
We had a post show party at our house and most of the crew showed up. It got pretty wild and I spent a big chunk of my bonus on the booze and coke. Mark was a bouncy ball of energy, buzzing with how well things had gone, alive with a thousand ideas on how he could make Katie a star, calling her his muse, his inspiration.
Katie was so happy she moved like she was in a dream. She had slipped a cocktail dress on after the curtain call and she moved about greeting and chatting to people with a glorious glow. She was bubbly and excited and it was a pleasure to be around with her and I felt lucky that she was on my arm, mine.
She had plenty of male attention. Plenty of it and much of it just short of leering. As everyone got drunker this got worse but she didn't mind and, really, neither did I. I was big enough to handle an unruly suitor and James was here for assistance if need be.
He was with Alana and they were laughing and chatting together. They did a couple of lines and joined us as our livingroom floor turned into an impromptu dance floor.
We all bopped along for a while until someone put on something slow to cheers and boos. Mark was the DJ and no-one dared take control back off him. Katie snuggled into me and we danced, alone for the first time.
"What did you think of the show?"
"You were fabulous. Grabbing his cock was inspired. I can't believe you did that on stage."
"I had to think fast. I reckoned everyone would assume it was a fake because of how large it was."
"I was hot as fuck. Did he stick it in you?"
"Yes. Once when I kissed him and again under the sheets. We fucked live on stage, can you believe that?"
I could now, I'd have never believed it months ago. The night got wilder and Mark got out of control. He was into the drinking games now and had people doing Jaeger bombs and tequila slammers. The dancing was wild and manic and it was like being in a club.
Suddenly there was a chant of "Scene Six! Scene Six!" and I turned to see James and Katie making no-no-no signs as Mark lead a chorus against them. "Scene six!" was followed by "take it off! Take it off! Aimed at Katie.
Remarkably she grinned and bowed then reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it over her head, exposing the sheer lingere that she had been wearing on stage. She grinned up at James who nodded and slipped out of his shirt.
They were going to give one final rendition of the scene right here, in the living room, with the drunken baying of the cast around them.
Alana stole up to me and put her hands around my neck as I watched the scene unfold. It was clumsy as Katie was a little worse for wear and she hammed it up for the crowd. When she grabbed James for the kiss he stumbled over, missing the couch and they fell to ground in a riot of laughter and jeers.
Set up of the risqué play; lead is rough man with huge dick; he is nervous about the key scene where Katie is in lingere and he is concerned he is going to get a hard on and embarrass himself; she invites him back to house to practice and get comfortable; decides that only way to get him relaxed is to fuck him; he gets shamefaced and sends his subby goth girlfriend over to the hubby to make amends; he fucks her in his office like a real man; the play happens, they fuck on stage; the afterparty happens and there is a orgy. Fin.