After a long day of work, she just wanted to relax.
She sighed, slipped into her sundress, grabbed the book, and went into her backyard. She stretched out into the hammock and started reading. It was a blue sundress, her shoulders bare, the hem barely touching her knees. She soon put the book down and closed her eyes, enjoying the way the sun touched her skin.
The door slammed next door.
She scrunched up her face at the unpleasant sound, then exhaled, still trying to rest. Her neighbor was outside. Henry. She had dog-sat for him a few years ago. That was the only reason she knew him. Well, that, and... he was a cutie, she had to admit.
She flickered her eyes open. He was opening up a book too, his chair facing her. She studied him for a moment: ink-black hair, dark eyes, a slender frame. He was a bit shorter than average, but he carried himself confidently and intelligently. She lingered on his stubble for a moment, wondering how it would feel to draw her hand along it, thinking that it would pleasantly itch her fingers.
He looked up at her, and she cringed at herself. It was obvious she was checking him out. He waved at her, friendly, or at least playing unaware, and she sheepishly waved back, before turning and closing her eyes again.
The sun was so warm and pleasant. He was right there. Looking at her.
She shooed away dirty thoughts. Her ideas were for fantasy land. This was the real world, where more than likely he'd call the cops on her. She opened her eyes and looked over at him again.
Wait, were those tattoos recent?
He had tentacles, sketched out in pitch black ink, all along his left arm, pouring out of his sleeve and tickling his wrist. She realized then that he was more muscular than she had realized: his arms were subtly-defined, enough to betray an otherwise hidden strength. Did he have other tattoos?
He was looking at her, just from above his book, and she bit her lower lip and leaned back into her hammock. That was quite enough gawking. He probably thought she was a complete weirdo by now.
She opened her eyes one last time. He was still looking at her, his eyes slowly scanning up and down her body.
She squeezed them shut. She was wet.
Fuck.
She bit her lower lip. No one else was around. She could start by teasing him, right? And then, if he wasn't into it, she could just stop and go back into her house. Apologize by baking him a cake. That sounded fine and normal. Except she knew she wasn't really thinking properly, but he was so hot, and the way he looked at her just now, and--
Before she lost her courage she put her hands on the top of her dress and slowly started to pull it down. She tugged it down, till it rested under her breasts, but quickly she held them in her hands, not exposing herself just yet. She kneaded them with an open palm, playing with herself.
She looked over. Yes. He was watching.
She squeezed her nipples between her fingers, rubbing them, then cupped her breasts from below. She started just showing off: squishing them together, kneading them, then pinching her nipples, not stopping till they were hard and firm.
She smiled, feeling herself clench again. Finally her hands slid away from her breasts and downward, hands going over her dress until she cupped herself between her legs. She went beneath her dress, still teasing, and started to touch herself over her panties, feeling how much wetness had seeped through. She touched her entrance, then traced upward, rubbing her clit back and forth.
She thought about jumping over the fence, sitting on his lap, pushing her breasts to his face so he could suck on her nipples as she freed his cock from his pants, pushed her panties to the side, and slowly sunk down on him. The thought got her close as she thought about his cockhead pushing into her, opening her up as he involuntarily thrusted up.
She opened her eyes and looked over, knowing that the eye contact would push her over the edge.
He wasn't there.
She stopped. Pulled her dress up and jumped out of the hammock. Anxiety coursed through her body. Why wasn't he there? Had she been caught by someone else? Was he going to call the police? What had gotten over her? What was--
The doorbell rang. She swallowed, knowing who it was. She entered the house, inhaled, then opened the door.
He stood there, hands in his pockets. Looking at her. "Can I come in?"
She shivered. "...yes. Of course." She closed the door behind him. Her heart raced in her ears. She opened her mouth to apologize, but nothing came out. She waited as he surveyed her house, walking further in, then turned and looked at her.
"I liked your show."
This should have calmed her anxiety, but her heart continued to pound. "Oh?"
He nodded once. His eyelids were heavy, almost sleepy, but his eyes were bright. "I thought we should continue it here."
She sucked in a breath. Then: "...okay."
"So take off your dress."
She shivered. A different kind of anxiety flowed through her. She hardly knew him. What was he going to do? Why was he so commanding? Her cunt clenched. He blinked, waiting patiently. Not wanting to disappoint, she peeled her dress down, letting it fall to the floor around her ankles. She stepped out of her sandals as well.
He looked her over. "Pretty." It wasn't so much a compliment as it was a fact: the way he said it so assuredly, without condescension. His eyes scanned her over lazily, and she swore she could feel whisper-touches where his eyes traced her skin before settling back on her face. "Sit down on top of your kitchen table."
This surprised her. For a moment she almost sat down on the chair, like she was used to, but then did as she was told. On top of the table, on the edge.
He surveyed her once more, then walked over, until they were face-to-face. She swallowed, still nervous. He slowly, easily smiled.
"You like me telling you what to do?"
She exhaled. "...yes."
"Good girl."
She clenched again, tensing up a little more. He chuckled to himself, and she wondered how long this would go on for until he fucked her. He grabbed her chin in his hands and pulled himself in closer.
"Let me know if you need anything, alright?"
She felt his breath on her skin. She bit her lower lip, trying to withhold a sigh, trying not to sound desperate for him already.
His lips were on her cheek. "Alright?"
"Yes... sir."
He cooed. Kissed her jawline. "Good girl." Then turned her forward and kissed her on the mouth.
They were light, simple, soft pecks at first: his lips were dry and rough on hers, and his stubble scratched her as he tilted his head. She opened her mouth and he dove in, his tongue slipping inside, and she moaned as he playfully explored her, licking the tip of her tongue with his own. He backed away, pecked her, then pulled his face into her chest.
He kissed her breasts all over, his calloused thumbs rubbing over her nipples. She writhed as he bit down on the side of her breast, then moaned and sighed as he kissed and licked it gently, soothing the mark he'd made. He groped her, pinched her nipples, twisting them, then pulling forward to kiss her nipple before sucking.
He would alternate between biting down lightly, grinding his teeth, and she'd moan and ache, almost in pain but not quite, before sucking hard and flicking it with his tongue, making her sigh and whimper. Then he'd start over again. She grabbed his hair and pulled him into her, and he didn't disappoint, going to the other nipple to keep playing, his other hand caressing and holding the one he'd just left. She noticed bite marks indenting her and the sight made her groan aloud.
He kept going for a while, playing with her tits, as if he was trying to milk her, as if he was trying to get her to cum just from nipple play alone. By the time he pulled away she felt like she had melted a little, her body limp and soft, her nipples hard and sore and pert and red. She was certain her panties were sheer now from how wet she was.
He kissed her navel, his tongue circling it playfully, before pulling down again and spreading her legs. He pulled his face in close to her panties, kissed her clit over them.
She put her hand on his head and looked down at him. His eyes were still half lidded, his lips parted, his eyes brighter than ever. He grabbed her panties and pushed them to the side.
He blinked, his eyes opened just slightly more, and he pulled forward, his nose grazing her pussy. He was still fully clothed, she realized, and now she was totally naked to him, and she felt herself clench again at that thought, felt her wetness dripping down into her ass.
"You're so wet already."
His hands pried her apart, pulling her lower lips to fully expose her cunt. She moaned softly.
"Putting on a show for me in your backyard. Pulling out your tits after I had waved at you. Rubbing your pussy for me. Such a slut." She shuddered at the word. He smiled almost imperceptibly. "You want me to fuck you silly? Until you can't stand up? How badly do you want me?"
She inhaled sharply. "Badly, sir."
"I'm sorry." His thumb traced the contours of her cunt, and she would've done anything he said at that moment. "Who do you want?"
"You, sir."
"I can't understand you. Full sentences, please."
She swallowed. "I want you, sir."
"Want me to what?"
"I want you to fuck me, sir, please."
"...good girl."
She waited a moment. Wondered what was coming.
She jumped. His tongue flicked her clit, lapping at it, and she felt two fingers sharply enter her, going in deep and expertly finding her g spot. He sucked her clit, his stubble scratching her still, and she started bucking against his face. He took his other hand and laid it on her stomach, forcing her down.
"Be a good girl and stay still."
She did. Well, she tried. He was so good at this, impossibly good at this. She would get close, quivering in his mouth, and he would pull away, kissing and licking her whole pussy, pulling at her lips with his own, taking his fingers out to push his tongue inside, tasting her, and moaning against her. Then he'd start attacking her clit again with renewed vigor, getting her close again, taking her to the edge, then backing off, till she thought she would cum just from him breathing on her.
She squirmed and bucked and then tried to stay still, and it was clear he enjoyed watching her struggle with herself.
Finally he took her clit in his mouth and sucked, hard, and she couldn't help it: she grabbed his head and came, feeling her wetness gush onto his lips and chin as she convulsed on his face, and still he kept sucking, making her scream. When he pulled away a bridge of wetness connected his lips to her cunt, and he snickered softly before it broke off.
"Not very good at staying still, are you?"
She whimpered. Despite having just cum, she clenched. "...sorry, sir."
He stood up. Her wetness was drying on his face. He licked his lips, then held out his hand. "Show me your bedroom."
She got off the table and he followed her. He sat down on the edge of the bed, unbuttoning his shirt, revealing what looked like a tight undershirt beneath. He looked up at her. "Get on all fours."
She swallowed and did so. She heard fabric being thrown to the floor, and she wiggled her ass, biting her lower lip. He was right. She was a slut. She swayed her ass up and down, took her fingers and spread herself open again, showing off how wet she was, how badly she wanted to be fucked. She liked the way she felt: stupid happy, a head filled with nothing but lust and want.
"I've got to punish you for not staying still."
She stopped immediately. Hell, she stopped breathing when she felt his hand on her ass, groping her. She thought she heard him sigh.
"...beautiful..."
A moment of quiet. She squeezed her eyes shut, guessing what was coming.
He spanked her hard but slow, letting her yelp and whimper, then massaging the skin afterward, soothing her, before repeating the process. It stung. Pain bloomed across her skin, but still he continued. She pushed herself ass up, face down to moan and yell into the pillow. It hurt, but she liked that pain: knew she had to feel it to be satisfied. Knew that she was getting wetter with every burning slap.
Another moment. Wordlessly he took some lotion she had atop her drawer, and started to rub it into her burning ass cheeks, letting her calm down a little. His hands felt good and warm on her. The lotion was citrus, and the smell filled her head. Finally she felt his lips trace her red skin, and kiss it softly.
She felt his rough hands reach down to cup her pussy, rubbing her clit, which throbbed and ached under his touch. He slapped it lightly, and the sound was pornographic: you could hear how sloppy she was. Fuck, she could smell herself, smell her own arousal, and she clenched again, moaning at herself.
She felt empty. That's how horny she was. She felt empty, felt a nothingness there, and she needed to be filled, needed him inside her. She needed his cock.
Weakly she lifted her head up.
"Fuck me... please..."
She turned around, watching him unzip. He pulled his pants and boxers down, and she saw him for the first time. The first thing she noticed was that he was really fucking big: not too long, but as wide as a soda can, ready to stretch her out, and she gushed a little more at the sight.
The second thing she noticed was that his cock was attached to him via a harness.
Normally that would have given her pause. Normally she would've stopped to think.
But he smirked at her, grabbed her hips and lined himself up with her cunt, and teased her entrance with the head of his cock, and she couldn't stand it anymore. "Please, sir, fuck me, fuck me!" She wiggled her body helplessly, trying to get him in her, but he held her still, teasing her, driving her crazy.
Then he slowly sunk into her in one fluid motion.
She gasped. She tightened around him. He held still, letting her adjust to his size as she whimpered into the pillow.
Suddenly he grabbed her hair and pulled her up. She bucked her hips into him, grinding him into her, and he ground himself back, hitting her g spot perfectly as he filled her up, stretched her so wide she found it hard to clench or tighten. He pulled her further back, so she was grinding on his lap, writhing her back against his chest.
He let go of her hair and roughly groped one of her breasts, his other hand reaching down to rub her clit. She felt so exposed in this position. He kissed her neck, nibbled it, and she was so close. Then she felt his lips on her ear, kissing her earlobe, then whispering:
"Cum for me, babe."
She did. She screamed, convulsing on his cock, thrusting herself into his dexterous fingers, and she felt so fucking full, so fucking slutty and horny and happy. Her orgasm spread from her scalp and pinpricked everywhere on her skin, going on for what felt like a full minute, until she finally went limp.
He pushed her down and turned her around, her back on the mattress. He grabbed her legs and placed them on his shoulders. He looked into her eyes as he started to pull out, until just the head was in.
Then he pushed right back in. Her eyes flew open and she groaned. This angle was perfect. For the next few moments she watched him fuck her, slow and steady. He would go in deep and punctuate it, swaying his hips and grinding into her. She wanted to close her eyes and get lost in it, but she couldn't stop watching him. Her eyes wandered his body: his jaw clenched in concentration, his strong arms flexing. His stomach was tight, and she noticed the hair lead from his navel down to the harness below, where their skin met.
Then he went in deep again and her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she groaned, blissed out. She reached down, rubbing her clit, rolling her hips as he fucked her harder and faster. Her legs wrapped around his back. She got herself close again.
Then she grabbed his head and pulled him in.
They kissed. Open mouthed. Lips wet, tongues wanting. And she came again, groaning into his mouth, and he drank it in, holding her head and deepening his kiss, slowing down his fuck until her moans stopped, and he pulled out.
Quietly he got on his back, out of breath. He looked over at her. "Clean it for me." And nodded to his cock.
Obediently she got between his legs, laying on her stomach, and without pretense, put his cock in her mouth. He thrusted into her, making her gag, as her lips stretched wide to accompany his monster. She pushed herself down deep, tasting her own wetness mixed with his musk, until she couldn't go any further and slipped back up.
She cleaned him, going everywhere, licking up his shaft, lapping at his balls, and he stroked her hair, sighing as he watched her, clearly enjoying the show.
Finally she sat up and laid herself beside him. She looked at him, watched as he pulled a metal rod out of his cock and laid it on her drawer. Then he rested on the pillow.
But it started to bother her. She blinked. "You didn't cum."
He shook his head. "No."
"I really want you to."
He looked her over, skeptical. She sat up suddenly.
"Please, sir, can I make you cum?" She put her hand on his belly, tracing the hair. Her eyes wandered to his top, which she now realized wasn't an undershirt but some sort of compression top.
She knelt down. Kissed his stomach. He rolled his eyes. "Why?"
Her lips grazed his navel. "Because..." She sighed. Put on a slutty voice again. "Because I'd like to thank you for the best fuck I've ever had." She batted her eyelashes at him. "Because if I make you cum, you might come back and use me as your little slut some more." She kissed his navel. "But mostly because... I really, really need your cock in my mouth, sir. I want your cum everywhere on me... in my mouth... on my face... my breasts..." She flicked her tongue on the rim of his navel then.
She looked up at him and he looked nearly helpless.
He sat up, hooked his thumbs into the harness, and began to roll it off. It came off around his feet, and he put it on the drawer, then spread his legs.
Her eyes widened. She hadn't known what to expect, but her greedy cunt clenched again. His cock was beautiful: three inches and girthy, hard, and dark red with need. It throbbed under her gaze. She salivated.
She sucked.
He moaned, grabbing her hair as she bobbed back and forth on his cock, hallowing out her cheeks to suck hard. She took him to the base and wrapped her tongue around him, pulling out to flick the head. She needed him to cum. Needed him to see her again and get horny just from looking at her, remembering how slutty she'd been for him. She needed him to come back and fuck her.
But mostly she needed to feel him twitch and throb in her mouth and cum on her face. She sped up her bobbing, pulling out to rub her face against his cock, worshipping it, before going back down, taking him to the base and sucking as he bucked his hips into her. She moaned, then she heard him cry out.
He groaned, his cock spasming between her lips as she continued sucking and licking, his fingers twisted into her hair as he ground himself against her, moaning for her. It slipped out of her mouth with a crude pop.
They laid in bed together for a moment.
He sat up and turned away from her. "...hand me my shirt." He started to fumble with his compression top, apparently ready to take it off. She turned her attention to the floor, handing him his dress shirt. He took it and put it on. She was scared for a moment that he was getting ready to leave.
But then he laid on the pillow, closed his eyes, mumbled something, and started to fall asleep.
Damn. She'd really lucked out in the sexy neighbor department. She closed her eyes, content, and soon fell asleep beside him. Now she could rest.