Tara moved from side to side restlessly, unable to get comfortable in the stifling heat. She glanced at her bedside clock, the red numbers shone bright in the dark room.
2:00am
Tara groaned into her pillow. She had been drifting in and out of sleep now for three hours. The beautiful nineteen year old had long forgone her nighty and sheets, laying naked atop her bed, save for a pair of white panties. Tara rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling blankly. She pondered whether a bit of late night masturbation might help bring on sleep. Her hand traced down slowly until it was between her legs. There, it went to work gently stroking her mound through her white cotton panties.
Tara was a first year university student studying business at Griffin University in Melbourne. She shared a third floor apartment in the Melbourne CBD with two housemates, Jason and Xavier. Like Tara they were both university students. Xavier was tall and athletic with long blonde hair and blue eyes. He was studying architecture and secretly had a crush on Tara. Jason was studying physiotherapy and was also an amateur chef. He was always bringing home new recipes and foods for them to try.
As Tara lay there touching herself, a memory entered her mind. She recalled earlier that afternoon when Jason had gotten home. He'd been out buying groceries and had talked animatedly as he emptied the contents of his bag.
"Oh, have I got a treat for you!" He paused as he drew a cucumber from his bag, showing it to Tara and Xavier. The cucumber was about a foot in length with a gentle curve at one end. It was thick and green and Tara eyed it curiously, she couldn't help noticing that the cucumbers girth was slightly larger than an average cock.
"I wonder what it would be like to fuck a cucumber," she had mused thoughtfully.
Her thoughts had been interrupted as Jason continued his rambling.
"My mum finally gave me her secret recipe for her cucumber slice! I'm gonna make it tomorrow morning and we can have it for lunch!"
Tara and Xavier had just nodded at him looking bemused.
Xavier shook his head slowly. "Only you could get this exciting about cucumber slice mate."
"Just wait till tomorrow, you'll see what I'm talking about," replied Jason.
Now, as Tara lounged in her bed gently massaging herself, she wondered again "what would it be like to fuck a cucumber?"
Her fingers became slick as her wetness soaked through her panties creating a large wet patch.
"Could I do it?" she wondered. Just the thought of it was driving her crazy. Her hand slid beneath the band of her panties and she gave a small moan as her fingers danced across her bald sex. She dipped her fingers into the shallows of her wet folds, slowly spreading the wetness up as her fingers circled her clit. Tara panted in anticipation as images of the cucumber penetrating her wet snatch, filled her head.
"Ooooh!" She gave a long low moan as she continued to tease around her clit, keeping herself on the edge. She stayed there, toying with herself for another minute, letting the pressure build.
"Fuck it!" With a great effort she ripped her hand away from her pussy. She lay on the bed for a few moments panting as the heat between her legs slowly receded. Then Tara swung her legs over the edge of the bed and picked her discarded purple nighty up from the floor. She threw it over her head and then paused at her bedroom door, trying to get her breathing under control. Tara cracked the door and listened for a moment. All she could hear was a resounding silence. Quietly she opened her bedroom door and crept down the hallway and into the kitchen.
Peeping through the doorway Tara surveyed the empty kitchen and the attached living area. Both rooms were bathed in an eerie glow. Light from the street was entering through the open doors of the balcony, casting shadows across the room. The housemates tended to keep the glass doors open, only closing the screen doors on hot nights like this, in the hope that it might help remove some of the heat from the stale apartment. As Tara stared she saw the curtains stir as a soft breeze ran through the doors. An even more daring idea occurred to Tara and she wondered if she would have the nerve to go through with it. Crossing the room, she entered the kitchen and searched about on the counter. There, sitting in a bowl was her prize. As carefully as she could Tara extricated the cucumber from the bowl, wincing at every little noise. With the cucumber firmly in her grasp Tara silently turned to check the room. It was still clear. She paused to listen, but once again the apartment was silent. With slow deliberate steps Tara made her way across the room and peaked out through the screen door.
The balcony was small, with a single outdoor recliner chair taking up more than half the space as it ran lengthways along the balcony. It was the kind of chair that you would expect to find around a local swimming pool or at some sort of beach resort. This was normally Taras relaxation station, a spot for a bit of sun tanning and a nice book. But maybe tonight it would be the perfect place for a different type of relaxation. Tara glanced down at the cucumber in her hands. A light breeze passed through the doorway, gently caressing her body. The cool air felt divine after the stuffy confines of her bedroom. Taras mind was made up. Silently she made her way back to her bedroom, reaching into the drawer in her nightstand Tara pulled out a bottle of lube and a small box of tissues. Stealthily she raced back through the apartment, stopping at the screen door. Her heart hammered in her chest at the thought of what she was about to do. If either of her housemates emerged right now it would be pretty clear what her intentions were and that was only going to get clearer. Should she risk it? Tara hesitated a moment longer, then slowly unlatched the screen door and slid it open. She stepped out onto the balcony and immediately the cool night air embraced. Tara gave a contented sigh and carefully placed the cucumber, lube and tissues on the seat.
Tara turned to her left and right, examining the surrounding balconies but they all appeared empty. Finally, throwing caution to the wind, Tara hooked her fingers around the hem of her nightie and pulled it up over her head. She let the silk garment fall at her feet as she stood proudly in the night air. Her supple young breasts stood dutifully at attention, their ample size somehow defying gravity. The round pink nubs or her small nipples saluted the night air, welcoming the cool intrusion. Taras panties quickly followed suit and before she new it she was standing, naked as the day she was born, on her balcony.
Taras heart thumped loudly and her breathing was heavy as a result of arousal and exhilaration at what she had done.
The balcony had a smooth chrome railing that ran just above waist height. Below that a clear pane of glass ran the length of the balcony.
Tara stepped up to the edge, hanging onto the railing and leaning forward so that she could observe the street below. Her two beautiful breasts swung out over the great expanse in a way that could only be described as both alluring and mesmerising. Any casual observer who cared to look out of their window at this time would have seen the sexy young blonde perfectly displayed. If they did happen to observe her, there is no doubt that they would have exclaimed almost involuntarily "my god! That is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen!"
Across the road from the apartment block was another high rise building. However the bottom floor of this complex was made up of a collection of bars, restaurants and nightclubs. Staring down at the nightclub on the corner directly opposite, Tara could see a group of people sitting around a table in the outdoor smokers area attached to the building. The weren't close enough to see her in fine detail, though if any of them cared to stare up at the balcony, they would definitely know she was naked.
Tara stepped to her left and sat gracefully on the recliner, sitting sidesaddle so that she was facing the edge of the balcony. Picking up the cucumber, Tara applied a liberal amount of lube.
"Well here goes!" She thought as she slowly guided the slick vegetable towards her wet centre.
"Phewww!" Tara gasped as the cool cucumber grazed her hot slit. Her other hand grabbed the railing as she began to gently rub the cucumber up and down her pussy, travelling from perineum to her clit and then back again.
Silently, Tara teased her entry before reverting back to long sweeping movements for a few seconds before gently probing the shallows of her snatch once again.
Looking down through the glass, Tara could see the group of smoking men and women clearly talking animatedly, whilst in the street a young couple walked hand in hand towards a taxi rank. The thought that all these people were going about their lives below, completely oblivious to the fact that there was a beautiful woman watching them whilst fucking herself with a cucumber, was driving Tara to a whole new level of arousal.
Tara teased her entry again before withdrawing to glide the cucumber across her clit. An involuntary whimper passed her lips and Taras hips humped forward hungrily. She could bear it no longer, opening her legs wider she spread her stance in preparation for her green invader. Arching her back, Tara scooted her hips forward until her ass was balanced on the edge of the chair. She lined the cucumber up with her begging twat and pressed gently. Her lips opened like the pages of a book and the cucumber began to gradually penetrate her. After only two inches her progress ground to a halt as the cucumber stretched her in a way that no dick ever had.
"Pheeew," Tara breathed out heavily. Trying desperately to relax her snatch. She began to gently corkscrew the cucumber back and forth pressing slowly deeper.
"Oh fuck," she gasped as inch by inch she enveloped the green monster.
At the eight inch mark she could feel it bottoming out against her cervix. Tara sat like this for a few moments marvelling at how full she felt. Pressing down gently on the four inches in her hand, Tara could feel the curved end inside of her, rubbing against her g-spot. She began to move the cucumber in and out in small back and forth movements.
"Holy fucking shit!" She gasped.
Tara could feel her orgasm building as the bulbous head of the cucumber worked its magic. Casting her eyes back down to the street Tara moaned as she stared at all the people below, all completely oblivious to their masturbating observer. She began to work the cucumber in and out in longer motions until finally she was pistoning the entire available length into her desperate box. Each thrust drove the cucumber against Taras g-spot, pushing her higher and higher. Her knuckles were white as she gripped the base of the vegetable, slamming it home in slow, deliberate motions. A flood of fluid leaked from her vagina, squelching loudly every time the cucumber struck home.
Tara reached her peak, her head tilted back, eyes closed, her mouth wide open, she rammed the cucumber home and held it deep inside.
"Eeeemphmmm!" Tara gave an involuntary shriek as her orgasm hit, her head snapping forward as she tried to smother the noise with her shoulder. Her hips bucked involuntarily and she crumbled sideways, sliding down between the seat and the glass. She could feel muscles in her vaginal wall contracting around the cucumber and her legs twitched with little post orgasmic aftershocks. Tara lost her grip on the cucumber as she steadied herself against the glass. Slowly the cucumber made its exit, gliding out from between her legs. All Tara could do was lie there puffing and panting and listening for any signs of movement in the apartment. With a great effort she dragged herself and the cucumber up onto the seat, reclining with the cucumber resting on her chest. Tara lay there listening carefully once again, but still there was no sound from inside.
Xavier's eyes snapped open. He laid in bed for a few moments trying to figure out what had caused him to wake. He had a vague feeling that he had heard someone scream. He closed his eyes and focused his hearing, but as he listened intently, the only sound that came to him was the steady beating of his heart. It was probably just a dream he reasoned, keeping his eyes shut. He tried to drift back to sleep but something kept niggling at the back of his mind. He should probably go and check the apartment, just to be sure nothing had happened to Tara or Jason, besides it was disgustingly hot and a drink of water might at least help take the edge off.
Lifting the sheet, Xavier threw his legs over the edge of the bed and rose slowly into a sitting position. He stayed there, slumped over for a few moments, gently rubbing the sleep from his eyes. With a deep sigh he stood and stepped to the door of his room. Carefully he turned the handle and silently opened the door. Peeking out into the hallway, the first thing he noticed was Taras door sitting ajar.
Perhaps I did hear her scream he wondered, creeping steadily along the hallway. Xavier stopped at Taras door and peered around it, surveying the room. It was empty. Xavier was now fully awake as he continued down the hall. He poked his head through the doorway at the end of the hall and studied the living area, it was empty. He peered left, checking the kitchen for any activity, but still nothing. Then a slight movement caught his attention out of the corner of his eye and Xavier turned to look at the balcony, directly across the living room from where he stood. His mouth fell open and he stared dumbly, unable to believe his eyes.
Lying, completely naked on the recliner chair was his beautiful housemate Tara. God knows how many times he'd imagined what she might look like naked, and here she was perfectly silhouetted for him. Her soft skin had taken on a blueish hue, cast by the moonlight. It was bright enough that he could clearly make out her long slender legs and her perky young breasts topped with two stiff little nipples. The only part of her body that was obscured from him was her face, hidden just behind the curtains. One thing that wasn't obscured was the rather large cucumber resting between her breasts.
"What could she be doing with Jasons cucumber?" He wondered. "Surely she wasn't... going to fuck herself with it?"
Xavier felt guilty just for having the thought, but there really wasn't any other conclusion to be had, he reasoned. By now his cock had responded to the beautiful tableau set out before him, forming a sizeable tent in his boxers. As a result Xavier was no longer thinking with his brain, with full control of his decision making being handed over to his cock. He crept into the room, making sure to keep himself obscured from Tara by the curtains. He stopped behind an armchair only a couple of metres from the balcony.
Tara was so close that he could almost taste the scent of her arousal on the air. He stared hungrily at her naked form. Xavier focused on her bald slit, the engorged lips of her labia were just visible, fighting for freedom like a prisoner trying to slip between two bars. Xavier's hand found its way onto his cock, reaching inside his boxers he began to masturbate in slow steady strokes. He could hear the blood pumping in his ears and feel the adrenaline coursing through his veins, Tara only needed to lean forward and peer through the door and he was a goner.
Meanwhile out on the balcony, Tara was pondering whether to call it a night or not. She had been lucky to make it this far without waking her housemates, but any longer out here and she would really be pushing her luck.
She laid back, idly watching the people below. They were still talking animatedly and as she watched two of the people rose and made as if to depart from the group.
From what she could see it was a petite red haired woman and a tall blonde haired man. They left the beer garden through a gate and stepped out into the street before turning and walking towards the taxi rank.
"Perhaps I should follow their lead." Mused Tara, but she made no move to get up. She felt way too comfortable for that. "God," she thought. "I had better not fall asleep. This might be hard to explain in the morning."
Taras attention was drawn back to the street, the couple she had been watching had stopped suddenly and stepped into an alleyway behind the building directly opposite Tara. They walking in only a couple of metre and then stopped, thinking they were hidden from view. Which was true for the rest of the world, but not Tara.
From high above she could see their every movement clearly. The couple began to kiss passionately, the man pinning the woman up against the wall of the alley. Tara held her breath as she watched the two people below, their hands clearly roaming around each others bodies. Unconsciously Taras hands found their way to the cucumber on her chest. The cucumber traced a slow line down the centre of her body until it slid across her mound, stopping between her legs. Tara inhaled sharply, her legs coming up and slowly opening wide to welcome the cucumbers loving touch.
Inside Xavier had to bite his lip to stop himself from groaning as all of his fantasies were realised at once. The lips of Taras pussy opened for him like the parting of two oceans revealing all the wonders that lay below. He stared into her depths, illuminated clearly by the blue light of the moon. A dribble of precum escaped from the head of his penis. Using his thumb he spread his arousal across the sensitive skin of his domed peak. Xavier's mouth opened in a silent gasp and he had to steady himself with his other hand as his legs went weak.
Back on the balcony Taras hand went to work guiding the cucumber up and down the length of her slit, stopping each time to tease her opening, coating the green head with her juices. Taras eyes never left the couple in the alleyway. She watched fixated as the blonde man broke their kiss and moved his lips down to the woman's neck. The redhead arched back against the brickwork, clearly enjoying his ministrations. Tara could see the mans hands working under the redheads dress and based on the woman's hip movements Tara surmised that her panties had just been dropped.
"Oooooh God..." Tara gasped out hoarsely, spinning the green shaft against her pussy lips trying to moisten it's full length.
Down in the street the blonde man began to journey from the woman's neck, kissing down her body following a line down the centre of her breasts. He continued downward until he was kneeling before the redhead.
Tara gave another small gasp as she watched the man lift the hem of the redheads dress and bury his face between her legs. The sound of the woman's vocal encouragement carried through the night air, becoming a mere whisper by the time it reached Tara up on the balcony. As Tara watched the woman lifted one leg and threw it over the mans shoulder, reaching down with her hand to press his face deeper into her sex. Tara could see the woman's hand tightly gripping a clump of the mans hair as she enthusiastically humped his face.
Taras free hand began to massage her left breast, gently tweaking her nipple before moving her hand to her right and repeating the action. The woman below was becoming more animated, humping hard and fast into her lovers face. Tara kept time with her, steadily humping her green companion, grinding the cucumber against her clit.
"Oh fuck!" Tara gasped on the verge of cumming. Then she heard the distant scream of the woman in the alleyway and watched as her body spasmed, her head snapped back and she collapsed against the wall.
Tara went over the edge with her, grinding out a long slow orgasm. Her hips bucking and legs shaking.
Back inside Xavier frantically released his grasp, ripping his hand from inside his boxers. Bracing himself against the couch with one arm, he gently slapped at his cock trying desperately to stave off his own orgasm. He stayed there, teetering on the brink for another five seconds before he finally won his battle, exhaling steadily. By this point all reason or inhibition had left him and Xavier hastily peeled the boxers from his body letting them fall to the floor. His eyes never leaving the beautiful blonde as he grasped his erection and began to pump slowly once more, timing his strokes with the movements of the cucumber.
Xaviers eyes bulged as he watched Tara adjusting her grip on the cucumber. Wrapping both hands around the thick base, she lined the bulbous head up with her dripping pussy. Then after pausing for a few short seconds Tara impaled herself in one swift movement. She let out a whimper as the cucumber bottomed out against the back wall of her vagina. The curved head massaging her G-spot perfectly.
What Xavier didn't realise was that far below them in the street, the redheaded woman had recovered from her post pussy licking rapture and decided that she wanted more. She had turned her back to her companion, spread her stance, lifted the hem of her dress and then bent forward bracing against the wall with her arms. Her glowing posterior clearly presented for her male counterpart and Tara high above. A small tuft of red hair was visible for a brief second before her lover stepped forward, partially obscuring Taras view. Tara had timed it so that the cucumber had penetrated her wet snatch at the exact same moment as the man below had fed his throbbing member to the horny redhead. Now as she watched them fucking she timed the thrusts of her cucumber with the slow pumping action of the man.
He had taken a handful of red hair in his fist, twisting it so that the redhead was forced to turn towards him, meeting his eye as she gave a small squeal with each rough thrust. Up above Tara gave a small grunt and then a whimper as the cucumber filled her like nothing ever had. Her small sounds coupled with the wet squelch of her pussy had Xavier once again on the brink of an orgasm. He screwed up his face, forcing himself to last as the night air was filled with the sounds of sex.
"Pump!"
"Squelch!"
"Ooooh!"
"Gnnn... Aaaah!"
"Pump!"
"Squelch!"
"Yeeeeessss!"
"Mmmmmgh!"
Collectively they picked up speed as they all steamed towards the same destination.
The man in the alley pumped feverishly, his hips a blur whilst the redhead babbled manically, rambling encouragement over her shoulder. Taras left hand came up to cover her mouth in an unsuccessful attempt to stifle her moans. With her right hand she pumped her pussy frantically as she careened towards another orgasm.
Inside Xavier pumped his rod as if his life depended on it. Doing everything in his power to keep from cumming.
They continued like this for another minute.
"Pump! Squelch! Fuck! Yes! Pump! Squelch! Harder! Oh god! Pump! Squelch! YES!!! Oooh! Oooh fuuuuucccckk!"
Tara was the first to succumb, with one final squelch the cucumber slammed home and stayed there as she arched her back and shrieked into her hand, failing in her attempts to muffle the sound.
"Eeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!"
Xavier watched transfixed as Taras bald snatch contracted and flexed around the cucumber causing a flood of moisture to erupt onto the chair in front of her. Taras legs shook and spasmed uncontrollably and her perky breasts thrust upwards towards the heavens.
That was the final piece of the puzzle for Xavier. Realising that he had not prepared for what was about to happen he hurriedly pushed the couch cushion forwards and directed his cock at the back of it. He gave a low groan as his semen spewed forth unloading rope after rope of hot cum down the back of the cushion.
Down in the alleyway the redhead had heard Tara shriek and she looked up towards the balcony, only able to see the beautiful young blondes face twisted in ecstasy. Realising they had a voyeur was the last little push she needed to reach the mountains summit. Her eyes closed, her back arched and her hands clawed wildly at the bricks. Her mouth opened and a wild animalistic cry filled the night air as she pressed back against her phallic invader.
"AAAAAAARRRRROOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
Her companion stopped pumping, gripping her hips and holding himself deep inside as the rhythmic contractions of her pussy milked the cum from his balls.
"Ooooooh! Fuck," he yelled into the night as his balls continued to empty.
The night air was suddenly quiet as all three parties were thrown into a silent, post orgasm reverie.
Xavier was the first to recover, as without any warning his dick suddenly handed all executive functions back to his brain. It felt like he'd been hit with a bucket of cold water and he stared guiltily from the slowly shrinking member in his hand to the cum stained cushion in front of him and then onto the beautiful blonde still reclining on the balcony.
His brain went into overload and his eyes settled on the cushion. In a panic he shoved it back into place, the cum stained back completely hidden.
"I'll sort that out next time I have the apartment to myself," he reasoned in his head.
Then hurriedly Xavier picked his boxers up off the floor and hastily departed for his bedroom.
Down in the alleyway the two lovers had also managed to rouse themselves from their post coital stupor. Sliding apart as they both staggered on unsteady legs. The red head pulled her dress back down and stepped unsteadily towards the edge of the alleyway, not bothering to retrieve her discarded panties. Her lover hurried behind her as he frantically tried to refasten his pants. They stopped at the edge of the street, peering around the corner guiltily. The street was empty and the redhead cast one last fleeting look up at their beautiful blonde voyeur before grasping her companions hand and heading quickly down the street towards the taxi rank.
Tara took the longest time to recover, reclining sensually, trapped in a post orgasmic trance, somewhere between nirvana and dreamland. The cucumber slid slowly from her vagina, landing on the the seat before rolling onto the floor of the balcony. Now cucumbers don't have emotions or faces but if this one did it would have had a rather smug look of self satisfaction plastered across its face. But alas it just lay their on the balcony like a regular old cucumber waiting to be retrieved.
It took another fifteen minutes before Tara could muster up the will to move, but finally she managed it. Rising unsteadily, she bent to pick up the cucumber and had to grab the railing to stop herself from falling. Grabbing her discarded nighty in her other hand Tara wobbled nakedly through the apartment not even caring or considering the fact that one of her roommates might be awake. In a drunken daze she walked to the kitchen and gently, with an almost reverent care, she wiped down the cucumber and placed it back in the bowl. Straightening, Tara meandered back across the room and down the hall. Closing her bedroom door behind her, she dropped her nighty onto the ground and face planted naked onto her bed. She was asleep before her head even hit the pillow.
Jason was the first one to wake the following morning. He awoke feeling perfectly rested and rejuvenated. He rolled over and checked the time on his bedside clock.
8:00am
Perfect. Enough time to make his slice before work.
Grinning to himself Jason reached over and turned off his white noise machine.
"That thing has gotta be about the best purchase I've ever made!" He mused to himself. "Ain't nothing ruining my recommended eight hours of sleep!"
By the time Tara and Xavier had risen bleary eyed from their slumber a couple of hours later, Jason had finished making his cucumber slice.
Tara and Xavier both sat at the bench drinking their morning coffees and trying to get the sleep from their eyes.
"Wow, you both look wrecked." Commented Jason. "Rough sleep?"
They both nodded in reply.
"It's too hot in this apartment," explained Tara.
"Yeah I had the most restless sleep," agreed Xavier.
Tara gave him a suspicious look but Xavier avoided her gaze, instead looking up at Jason.
"So how did the slice go?" Queried Xavier. "Have you finally perfected your Mums recipe?"
"I don't know," came Jasons reply, "I've been waiting for you guys before I try it."
"Well alright then, let's give it a go," said Xavier.
Jason grinned nervously. "Here we go."
He dished up three plates of slice and they each began to eat their piece.
"Mmgh, this is good stuff," said Tara speaking through a mouthful of slice. "I think this is definitely the best slice you've ever made." A look of mischief was in her eyes and she couldn't help the smug look that ran across her face as she realised they were all eating the cucumber she'd been fucking herself with last night.
"This is definitely the best one yet," chimed in Xavier. "This one just has a special extra flavour that the others just didn't have. Don't you agree Tara?"
Now it was Xavier's turn to wear the smug look upon his face as he stared at Tara.
Tara couldn't help blushing as he looked at her. Did he know? Had he seen her?
Her thoughts were interrupted as Jason put his knife and fork down dramatically. They both turned to look at him and he paused theatrically, building the suspense. Slowly Jason turned his gaze on Xavier.
"You're right!"
He paused almost stunned as he tried to comprehend the fact he had succeeded.
"This is it! It's perfect! I tastes exactly like Mums special cucumber slice!"