The guys returned to our bedroom all showered and refreshed, looking at James holding my hand as I sat on the bed in my spunk soiled lingerie. The guys were clothed and ready to make their exit. James stood from the bed as I lay back, opening my stockinged legs, showing the guys my just fucked pussy and ass. James looked at me and smiled then turned to the guys, shaking the hands of both guys, smiling and nodding to each guy in a form of appreciation. Dave and Mike both nodded approvingly at James then turned to the stocking clad slut sprawled on the bed. I was stroking my naked shaved slit with the index finger of my left hand, smiling seductively as I did so.
"Come on, get up! We need a goodbye kiss and another quick feel of those tits and one last stroke of your man eating pussy!" Dave smiled holding his hand out.
I took his hand, climbing off the bed and landing my high heels on the bedroom floor directly in front of him. Mike immediately took position behind me, cupping my large pierced firm breasts from behind, whilst Dave moved the palm of his hand directly over my shaved naked pussy and began to slowly rub his strong fingers over my tight wet slit. Mike was now chewing my neck gently, circling my earlobes with the tip of his tongue, sending delightful shivers of pleasure up and down my spine. Dave placed his left hand beneath my chin, moving my face upward as his full lips grazed my own. My tongue slithered in his mouth as he continued to gently caress my smooth mound, combining with Mike's tender assault on my neck and earlobes, while gently squeezing and manhandling my breasts. I turned my head back toward Mikes as his tongue explored mine in a passionate encounter. Dave pushed a finger inside my slit and began to move the digit rapidly. The bastard was trying to make me come. I rocked back and forth on his finger, breathing frantically into Mikes open mouth, enjoying the slut sensation the guys were providing once more.
Dave promptly removed his finger and Mike removed his hands from my breasts. Both guys smiled devilishly as Dave whispered.
"She's ready to come now. She's all yours James!" As he handed me to my excited husband.
My naked breasts were heaving as my excited state of existence moved closer into my husbands naked chest. My face was flushed and my pussy was almost dripping so high was my level of arousal. James brushed his lips gently over mine as I pushed my tongue inside his mouth, moving the kiss to a seriously passionate level. James could taste the flavours of the guys cocks and the spunk they had emptied into my mouth. James moaned delightfully as he devoured the taste of cock and shaved pussy. The guys left our bedroom and seconds later I heard our front door close. I had never wanted my husband more than I did at that moment. I was desperate to be my husbands slut, to let him experience how I am when I slut for other guys. James cock was stretching the material of his underwear as my taloned nails gently tapped his covered erection.
I placed my hand inside the waistband and folded my fingers around his rock solid shaft. I slowly began to stroke the shaft. My lips gently grazed my husbands ear.
"You like that don't you?" I whispered.
"You like your wife being a filthy cheating slut. Letting strange men fuck all of her holes and returning to you saturated in the stench of nasty sex!"
James nodded and let out a delightful groan of acceptance.
"You like that your stripper slut wife opens her legs wide and lets any hard cock fuck her. You love to see her writhe beneath a man as he fucks her deep, getting pleasure from his big cock she could never get from you!"
James cock began to twitch in my hand as his head nodded again with an approving groan being uttered.
James moved his hand to his underwear and slipped the waistband down his thighs. His legs wriggled as his underwear was completely removed. I moved James onto the bed and began to straddle him. My black spunk stained stockinged thighs, opened as I slowly eased my wet tight pussy over his rampant cock. James let out another groan of approval as his cock slid deep into my pussy. I began to slowly ride his cock as I placed my soft lips over his ear once more to continue my sexual torment.
"Does my pussy feel tighter and wetter after all of the cock that has been inside me today?" I whispered "Can you feel all of the come the guys left inside me?"
James shivered with lust and cuckolded excitement.
"Your cunt feels awesome!" James panted as I rode his cock slowly "I can smell the spunk in your cunt!"
"I love feeling the guys unloading their spunk inside me. I'm a slut and a slut loves to feel her mans cock sliding inside her her, coated in the spunk of her many lovers!" I purred continuing "I love it that when I kiss you, my breath has the strong scent of other men's cock! It makes feel extra naughty that I'm kissing you straight after sucking some strangers cock that was fucking my ass earlier!"
James looked at me with wild eyes.His nostrils were flaring with anger and arousal, as my hips swivelled back and forth, my tight pussy gripping his hard cock, milking him sexually.
"You cheating filthy slut!" James snarled, thrusting upwards, almost hitting my cervix.
"I am a cheating slut and I will enjoy a lot more cock, in all of my cock hungry holes!" I emphasised "I'm dancing at a stag party at the weekend for about twelve horny guys. I will be the perfect slut stripper wife and everyone at the bachelor party will get to fuck me and the groom will get to fuck my ass!" I teased.
"Some of the guys will fuck me one on one, where I will be their own personal cheating whore and some of the guys will gang bang me!" I confirmed, riding James cock
"They've requested I wear Kinky PVC lingerie, a Waspie, Quarter cup bra and fishnet stockings with the highest heels I can manage, so I will come home on Saturday night drenched in sweat and spunk. Do you want to be there and watch your loving wife fuck a room full of men?" I grinned with a hint of disdain
"I'll say you're my minder, but during the sex I'll be telling each guy that fucks me that his cock is harder and bigger than my husbands" I taunted. "That I want his fertile seed inside me, be it in my mouth, pussy or ass!"
James face reddened and his teeth clenched as he snarled.
"I'm coming in your cunt slut!" He began to push his cock deep inside me as a powerful spurt of his hot spicy cream gushed inside my pussy.
"I like my men to tell me that they're spunking in their slut when they're fucking me. After all, while they fuck me I am their slut!" I sneered.
"It's amazing when they fuck me from behind and I turn my head to watch their faces as they unleash their spunk deep inside me!"
I was feeling James hard cock begin to deflate inside me.
The room was now filled with a strong aroma of sex. My nasal senses were stimulated to the full, smelling the musky aroma of sexually excited pussy juice fused with the distinct strong scent of masculine sweat, tinged with the distinct perfume of cock and spunk.
This smell would not be removed easily from my bedroom and would keep me in a state of arousal I didn't think possible. I climbed off James cock and slid my shaved slit up his naked body, leaving a shiny trail of spunk and pussy juice in my path until my spunk filled cunt was resting on his full lips. His tongue slipped from his lips and slithered inside my cum drenched pussy, the spunk of three men gently pouring from my pussy down James tongue, as it wriggled titillating the sensual inner flesh of my pussy. James was devouring my cunt like it was his last meal, his teeth, tongue and lips performing sexual miracles on my pussy. The spunk began gliding down his throat as he lapped at my unfaithful pussy, lovingly cleaning his own and the spunk of my lovers from my pussy and labia.
My right hand held his hair as I rode his face slowly.
"You like tasting my lovers inside me don't you?" I whispered as James let out a long moan of obvious approval "You want to taste the spunk of men who are more virile than you!"
James groaned in ecstasy as his head moved enough to let me know he was in agreement.
"If I get a good amount of hot spunk inside me from my many men, then from now on you'll clean my cunt and ass of all residual spunk, while I tell you everything they did to me!"
Its safe to say that from that moment on, our relationship would be strong, loving and caring, but sexually it would be heading in a very different direction.