On instruction I now submit a first person description of my next adventure written to my mistress: Her instruction: to write to her to describe each activity from my perspective that she devised for me.
I contact another lady via her internet ad and again, we corresponded until deciding that we would meet and in which I will be exhibited as the slut that I fantasize to be. You live in a city in Louisiana in which no one should recognize me. We agree to the ground rules that any sex involved would be only with the you for the first meeting and for any future meetings that the woman's husband/ companion would engage in only safe sex. That for any pictures taken I would receive a copy of each and that for any pictures to be published on the internet that my face would be obscured so as to conceal my identity. (I find it quite exciting for a woman to wish to brag a bit about her conquest).
You, Marilyn, decided that for our first meeting I must be humiliated, displayed and aroused when we meet. You also decided to accept my precondition that anything I was required to do in public would not be something that would be likely to get me arrested. Daring would be fine. And that, if absolute worse came to worse, that the scenario would have me charged with nothing more than exposure for which I could probably pay a fine and not have word get out of the state.
You had specified the street block in which I will keep circling until I had a space to park my rental car. I then take out my makeup to put on twice as much as would be normally used. A tube of bright red lipstick - almost smeared over my lips. True whore red lips and overdone garish makeup. Then it was the walk of over a block to the store that she selected and my carrying a large shopping bag. I am wearing my conservative business clothing but also wearing the 6 inch slut heels that she requires. In the store I follow your orders and ask to try on the micro thong bikini in the color of your choosing. The sales clerk tells me that I would have to buy the suit if I tried it on and I say that I understood but had to make sure that it fits properly. In the changing room my body burns bright red with embarrassment as I strip to bare skin and then fit on the three triangles of cloth that would barely conceal my nipples and dripping pussy. I put my clothing into the shopping bag except for my billfold and put the heels back on.
Then it was time to become the public slut. I take a deep breath and part the curtains and go to stand in front of the mirrors. As you have required I must look at myself from every angle, posing each time. I am the complete center of attention of all customers and employees as I stand viewing myself while almost naked. I say "I'll take it" and walk over to the serving counter. The other customers stare dumb founded and back away as I go to pay for the bikini. Tottering on my slut heels I then must walk more than a full block back to my car in broad daylight.
As I take the walk I see that a man is following me taking pictures. I hope it is a person you have hired/ instructed to do so (husband? companion? sub?) but I have no way of knowing. Even walking rapidly it seems an eternity before I arrive at my car. If I were on a beach I would cause enough of an attraction because of the tiny bikini. As everyone on the street except me is dressed normally I have been stared at by what seems to me an absolute crowd of people. I enter the car and drive, again as instructed, to a parking lot at a school. As it is Saturday it is deserted with only one car waiting in the middle of the lot. I drive up to the passenger side of the car where you are waiting. Your friend gets out of the other side and comes around with his camera. You say to leave my billfold with my driver's license in the car and to get out. I do as instructed. To hand the bag with my clothing to you through the window. I do so as the photographer continues to shoot away.
You then tell me to walk 50 paces away from the cars. Then to remove the bikini and walk, no running allowed, back to your car and give it to you. I walk away and then strip away the bikini and what is left of my pride. As the picture taking continues I walk back to you as you continuously call me names of the slutty whore that I have become. I hand you the bikini strips. You say I am now going to follow you home in my car. If we get separated at stop lights you will pull over to the side and wait for me. Don't speed. Don't sink my body down so low in the car that I have a fender bender accident. Sit up straight and tall while driving and proudly be the naked slut that I am. You say you will let me wear a "disguise". You laugh cruelly at me as you hand me my disguise - a pair of cheap sun glasses. You have your assistant take my bag from the trunk of the car and put it in yours.
You say we're almost ready to leave. I will have my car keys, billfold and slut heels with me and nothing else. That we will be going to your place for a weekend of my being totally humiliated, exhibited and used like the slut that I am. But you say: first... and then you open your door. You are wearing only heels and a huge strap-on cock. You say I have only walked away 48 instead of the required 50 paces and must be punished. You say take this cock down your throat until you gag and then hold it there for 10 seconds before you back off to breathe. "Now come here you cunt as do as I say". I come forward, kneel and my head with my slut red lips held wide open. Your touch is electric as you reach behind my head to pull it forward, downward. My face slammed down onto your cock as I gag as ordered.
Next adventure: 8 hours with an Hitachi.