I sat across the table from my friend Amy and stared at her tits while she perused the menu. I knew that she knew I was staring, and I saw her grin a little, as she put her finger at the top if her blouse to pull it away from her body, giving me a better view. If things went as I hoped, I would be getting more than just a peek later on tonight.
Amy and I had met online a few years ago. We were just friends until one day she sent me a picture of the new car she bought. There in the driver seat was Amy, and damn she was hot. I told her as much, and as we talked more, things got more and more personal. It wasn't long before she was telling me her fantasies and I was describing my cock to her, and how much I wanted to make her fantasies a reality. As it turned out, Amy had a dirty little mind and we shared a lot of fantasies.
Eventually, we decide to meet in person, for one weekend to act on our impulses. She lived in Detroit, and I lived in Rochester, so we decided to meet for a mutual vacation in Niagara Falls. It was Friday night, and we met outside the restaurant. I had booked us 2 adjacent rooms in the hotel right next door, just in case one of us got cold feet.
After ordering our food I asked her how the drive was, if she was tired and so forth.
"Well, I'm almost ready for bed, but I'm not tired.", she said with a grin. As the waiter brought our drinks a family sat down at the table next to us, and our conversation cooled down. We ate quietly, but it was obvious we were both hungry for something more.
As the waiter took our plates and walked away to get the bill, I slid one room key over to Amy and explained that I'd got two rooms, in case she had changed her mind. I leaned in closer and whispered to her, "this is your room key. The inner door is closed and locked. If you open the door and step into my room, I will own your body for the night to do with as I please. You will no longer be in control and the word 'no' will not stop me from doing whatever perverted things I want with your body. I'm leaving cash on the table to cover the bill and I'm walking over now, alone. I'll be waiting in my room, so the rest is up to you." I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek as I put enough cash to cover the bill on the table and got up. I quickly walked out of the restaurant so nobody would notice the bulge in my pants. As I entered my hotel room, my heart raced. Was this really happening? Would my speech scare her away? As the minutes ticked by, I started to come to the realization that this wasn't going to happen. My cock grew softer as my disappointment grew, when suddenly I heard a gentle knock on the inner door. The handle turned and my jaw almost hit the floor. In walked Amy. She was wearing black lace stockings, a fishnet thong, with a push-up top that basically just displayed her naked tits for me.
"Sorry to make you wait, master, but I had trouble getting this all on quickly." she practically whispered, as she stepped forward for me.
I stood up and walked over to her. I told her to stand still and look straight ahead as I circled her and inspected her closely. Her panties were already wet, and her nipples stood at attention as her chest heaved in anticipation. Her hands were shaking.
I stopped behind her. I pulled her hands behind her back, and slowly pushed each one down in through the top of her panties, like a makeshift restraint. Of course, this strained the panties so that her ass was completely visible and the g-string pulled up against her pussy. I put my hand across the top of the front of her panties and pushed her from behind lightly so that she was doubled over, with her ass sticking out for me.
"I'm glad you understand your place today, bitch. I'm going to use your fuck holes as I see fit today, and you will do exactly as I say. Now, pull your dirty panties down around your knees." I told her.
She did as I said, trembling. Her tits were no longer contained by her top and hung straight down as I leered at her exposed ass. Her hands were still entwined in her panties which were now around her knees. I walked over to the dresser and pulled out my camera. I knew that Amy would be aroused by this, considering she already sent me pictures of her cunt before. I had the best macro lens on the market and I snapped several extremely close up pictures of her wet pussy and puckered asshole. I pulled her ass cheeks apart and took a few more as she panted before me.
"that's a good girl. Now, get on the bed on your back and put your hands through the loops on the headboard." I ordered.
Amy immediately complied, stepping out of her panties in the process. I had affixed two headbands to the headboard to restrain Amy for the next thing I had planned. Once Amy was in place i slowly took my clothes off. Amy's gaze was fixed on my cock the entire time. I kneeled in front of her, my hard cock inches from her pussy, as I pulled her left leg up to her left wrist and pushed it through the restraint. I did the same with her other leg, leaving Amy helplessly restrained to the headboard, ass and pussy almost pointed directly at my cock, dripping in anticipation. I retrieved the camera and again took a number of close up shots of her pussy, this time pulling her labia apart to get some very intimate pictures. As the camera clicked I could hear Amy's breathing getting harder, she was obviously enjoying this. I put the camera down and pushed two fingers deep into her pussy and she screamed and bucked against me hand, cumming violently.
"Ah, good. That's out of the way. Now I'm going to use your holes for my own pleasure, bitch", I said, as I slid my thumb into her tightly puckered asshole. She squirmed a little and shot me a defiant look, so I slapped her across the face with my free hand. A look of anger came across her face, so I slapped her again. I pulled my other hand from her cunt and ass and grabbed her face by the mouth.
"You don't get a say in what I do for the rest of the night, you stupid whore! Remember?" I said matter of factly. With that, I reached down and slapped her left tit hard, right on the nipple. She gasped and I could tell she was not expecting it. I slapped each tit hard several times, until they were flushed and her nipples were hard as pebbles. Her breathing grew heavier and I knew she was close to orgasm again.
"You little slut, this is turning you on, isn't it?" I asked.
"Yes master! Please beat your little whore! Please! I've been so bad, I deserve it!" she practically screamed.
With that I stuck my middle finger into her ass and massaged her g-spot roughly.
Within moments her eyes rolled back and she started to shake, and suddenly a stream of liquid shot out of her pussy! She was squirting all over my arm and hand, violently thrashing against me as the pleasure overtook her.
"Holy fuck oh my god fuck!FuuCKkk!!!!" she screamed as she soaked the sheets under her ass. I'd had enough of this and couldn't take it any longer as I pulled my finger out of her ass and replaced it with my cock. She was still shaking but I still managed to bury half my cock in her ass before it stopped. Her eyes were wide with fear as I continued to push harder until my balls were up against her and my cock was deep in her ass. I pulled it all the way out as she whimpered, and then I stuffed it right back in as she started to tear up.
"That's it you fucking slut. I want to make it hurt, I want you to feel pain from my pleasure. I'm going to enjoy fucking your ass while I watch the pain in your eyes." I said coldly. With that I started fucking her ass in earnest. I watched her eyes stare back at me with shame and lust as I pounded her ass like a cheap whore. When I was ready to cum I asked her, "Where should I cum, whore? On your tits? Maybe in your hair? Or your pussy?"
Her eyes got wide with that last suggestion, but I wasn't interested in cumming in any of those places.
"I think I'll just cum in your ass, so you can feel it slowly drip out, you fucking bitch!", I shouted as I pushed deep one last time and shot torrent after torrent of cum up her ass.
When I was finished I pulled my cock out and stood over top of her. My cock was still covered in cum, and I let it drip onto her face and tits as I reached over and grabbed the camera for a few more pictures of her humiliation.
She looked up at me and said, "Thank you master."
As I untied her she smiled at me and said, "Next time, don't go so easy on me ok?"