I've slept in. Wonderfully sore and completely exhausted from the night before. My nipples swollen and tender from your teeth, from learning I can ride the wave and cum a second and third time from your bite, the release, your tongue.
I reach out but instead of your warm skin all I touch is the cool sheet. It's still dark, I should sleep, there's no way I can sleep. You're sitting on the patio, earbuds in, you don't hear me come out. You feel my fingertips on your shoulder as I move in front of you, moonlight on my naked body, no shame, no ego, no apology.
I take one earbud and place it in my ear, share your music, meet your gaze. No words, no explanation needed. "Lose Control, I know you want to, you know I need to, let go...".
Fingertips trailing down your arm, cool air, light touch. You stand. Meeting your gaze, my hand sliding under your shirt, on your waist, moving up your stomach, your chest, lifting your shirt off, stepping closer, my nipples hard, pressed against your skin. Don't stop me, let go.
Sliding your shorts down, letting them fall to the ground, your thick cock already getting hard. Hand on your chest, gently pushing you back, moving between your legs as you sit, slide forward, lean back, close your eyes.
My hands on your thighs, mouth so close you can feel my warm breath, pressing your legs apart. Warm, wet, soft tongue on the tip of your head, licking a drop of pre-cum. A moment, a pause.
Wrapping my lips around your head, gently sucking you into my mouth, sliding back to almost let go, pulling you back in, just your head, slowly, softly, then more firmly, my hunger growing with your magnificient cock. A moment, a pause.
My breath on your sack, tongue sliding around your balls, hands holding your legs apart, pulling your balls into my warm mouth, fingers stroking the sensitive space behind them, your cock all I can see, all I care about, all I need. A moment, a pause.
Wet tongue licking from your balls, up your hard shaft, wrapping my lips around your head and slowly sucking you deep, I can barely breathe but I don't want to let go. My lips keeping you in place, my tongue circling, taking you deep and sliding back out to focus on your head, taste your cum. Deep until I feel your thighs begin to tremble, sliding my lips across your rim, tongue circling your head until your moan, deep again. Keeping you hovering on the edge, letting it build,
You want to cum, you don't want it to stop. Your hand slides behind my head, when I take you deep you press deeper, hold me in place until I have to pull back to breathe and then you pull me forward, slowly beginning to fuck my mouth. The deeper you press the more excited I get. The harder the stroke the wetter I am. The more you demand, the rougher you are, the more I lose control, my moaning like vibrations around your cock, my hand cupping your balls, my fingers on the smooth skin behind them. Imagining finding your p-spot, knowing you'll want it, that you'll let me, not knowing when, loving not knowing. Pulling out of my mouth and taking your cock into your own hand. Long full strokes from your balls to the tip. You think you're ready, I know you aren't.
My lips wrapping around your head when your hand slides back, my tongue flicking over the rim, keeping you on the edge, the more you press toward me the lighter my touch, your stroke faster more demanding, balls heavy, becoming a need, opening your eyes, seeing my hunger, head back, lips parted, on the edge myself just from sucking you, watching you enjoy my mouth, seeing you give in to your needs. I need to taste you as much as you need to unload. A drop of cum, I want it, need it. You hold your cock out for me, my tongue sliding across my lips, taking that delicious drop, looking up, wrapping my lios around you one last time, sucking like I'm demanding more. Your hand pumping your cock it to me. What I need, you need, not caring if you cream my lips, my mouth, my face, emptying your load until you're drained and I'm covered.
And only then, as you catch your breath, realizing the sun has came up.