This chapter has very little story development and a great deal of explicit sex. It contains a wife having an affair with her husband's knowledge and approval, exhibitionism, voyeurism, incest, and nonhumans. All 18 or older. Votes / kind or constructive comments welcome! Back to the plot in the next chapter.
*****
Nicole's First Date - part 2
I was trying to prepare myself for another man's hand on my boobs. I was wondering if he would be gentle or rough. Would he like the way they felt? How many other tits had he felt? Why was this so important to me? They're just tits! Stop obsessing about second base. He may not want to. I could still screw up and make him want to leave without so much as a goodnight. No, I'm not screwing up anything. He's getting bare breasts!
We got out of his car and quietly slipped up the stairs to the fun room. I turned on enough lights to see clearly but still dark enough to pass as romantic. I always liked this room. Geran and I used it growing up and it had great memories in it. It was quiet up there and a little awkward at first as I made us some drinks. I'm fond of rum and Coke and I made him one as well. Vince got the stereo going on a romance music station and then excused himself to use the restroom. I wondered if he really had to pee or if he was adjusting himself.
I quickly got my phone out and turned it on. I texted Geran "F.R.O.G." (Finished Room Over Garage) and switched it off again. I knew Geran had set up lots of hidden cameras in this room to record us having sex. If he got the message he would start recording so we could watch this later. I made certain the sofa was clear of remotes and game controllers. I fluffed the pillows and threw a comfy blanket over it.
Vince came out of the bathroom. His shirt was now untucked giving him a much more casual look. I sauntered over to him letting my hips sway and ran my hands over his chest and stomach with them meeting at the top button on his shirt. I began unbuttoning them nervously, not looking at his face in case I would see disapproval there. Once it was completely unbuttoned I slid it off of him, folded it carefully and placed it on a chair.
When I turned around I decided impulsively to give him a little treat that might make up for flashing my ass at the theater. I gave him his drink and while looking into his eyes loosened and removed my tie. I held it at arm's length and dropped it on the ground and watched his eyes drift to my exposed cleavage. My breasts weren't visible, just a nice deep cleavage. I put my arms over my head and worked my hair a bit like I'd seen porn stars do. It was a nice erotic effect I thought. HOLY SHIT! I saw his bulge twitch! He was getting aroused just looking at me! My confidence shot up into the clouds. I couldn't believe it and was super excited. I decided to press my luck further.
I asked huskily, "I'd really like to dance with someone. OH! Fuck! There's a handsome stranger! How about that dance before you hit the road, Stud?"
He smiled and said, "I thought you'd never ask." He walked over to me and wrapped his arms around me and started swaying me to the music. The first dance was pretty mild. I loved his bare chest and was constantly running my hands over it and his arms finally moving to his broad back. He was a lot taller than I was, but then again most people were taller than I was. It gave me a better view of his chest.
We were still getting used to each other and it seemed any break in the action seemed to reset and cool us down. I was confident we would get back to where we were quickly.
The second dance he pressed against me and I could DEFINITELY feel his erection pressing into my belly. I had my head pressed against his formidable pecs feeling very comfortable and aroused. I was breathing in his essence. His killer cologne and a slight sweaty musk scent were intoxicating to me. Unmistakably male. I briefly wondered what his dick smelled like. I wondered if I'd get to find out tonight.
I always loved dancing and this time was no different even though there was only the two of us and it was basically just slow swaying. It felt as though time had stopped and there were no other priorities. We had forgotten about him leaving after a couple of dances and me getting back to Geran. I lightly kissed his chest and ran my tongue over his nipples. He tasted really good.
A few dances later I raised my face up towards his, silently letting him know what I wanted. His lips met mine and our tongues began their own dance. I have no idea how long we made out. Eventually he led me to one of the sofas where he sat down and then pulled me onto his lap so I was sitting perpendicular to him. He pulled me closer and I could feel his erection pressing against my thigh. It felt big. It felt really big and very hard.
He turned my face towards his and the kissing started again. I don't know how much time passed this time either but I was very surprised he hadn't tried to feel my tits. One hand was on my back and the other was caressing my thighs. He started moving his mouth and began kissing and licking my neck. It felt soooooo good. I was caught off guard (AGAIN!) when he moving up and let his tongue slide over the outside of my ear. I moaned softly and dug my fingers into his back.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm Shit, Vince that feels incredible." I sighed.
He continued like that for a few minutes and then moved his tongue into my ear canal and started tongue fucking my ear. I was moaning quietly and then I climaxed.
"Vince, you've got to ugh ugh ugh stop oh mmmmm doing that aaahhhhh oh yeah fuck FUCK shit please Vince! Aaaaahhhhhhhh aaaaaahhhhh yeah yeaaaaahhhhhhh yessssss yessssssssssssss YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS please DON"T STOP!!" I slowly realized his hand was sliding up my thighs across my flat belly until he was cupping and gently caressing my breasts. My nipples were super erect. My pussy was dripping. His tongue felt SO FUCKING GOOD on my ear. He definitely knew by now I was a moaner and I was loud. I hope it was a turn on for him. As far as I knew most guys love moaners.
I felt his fingers work their way to the three buttons on my vest and slowly unbutton each one. His hot breath whispered into my ear, "Nicole, I've wanted to see these incredible tits ever since I first saw you. I'm going to see them tonight whether you want me to or not." His whispering and tongue brought me to another orgasm. I wasn't trying to hide them anymore. They were getting too intense. I was still moaning, groaning, grunting, sighing and just letting my body take over.
He unbuttoned the last button. "Tell me what you want me to do Nicole." He demanded.
"Vince, ung oooohhhhhh I want yes yes yes I want you to strip my top AAAAAAAHHHH and look at my breasts!! Oh fuck fuck fuck I want you to feel them yeah right there and suck them!! Shit shit shit. PLEASE!!" I gasped frantically. His tongue and hot breath were driving me insane. I was climaxing heavily. My nymphomania was going bugfuck. I loved every second of his incredible teasing of my body.
I felt my vest yanked off of me and was now sitting in his lap with just my skirt and thong (I had kicked off my shoes when we walked in). Using all my willpower I shoved myself off of him and stood in front of him posing with my hands running through my hair and over my body. "Do you like what you see Lover?"
"Fuck yes! They're amazing!" He gasped staring at my bared breasts.
"Do you like my dark areolas? My thick, dark, erect nipples? They want to be sucked sooooooo badly."
His eyes were still glued to them. "Nicole, I love your nipples. I want them now. I need them."
I was super excited he liked my body. It was very important to me that he found me arousing. I made my voice husky and asked, "Do you want to feel them and suck on them?" I drew out words to make it as sexy as I could. I was moving seductively running my hands over my breasts, through my hair, over my face. I bit my lower lip seductively.
"Please! I can't leave here without fondling, groping, sucking on those incredible tits." Vince exclaimed. I knew I had pushed him as far as I dared. Anymore and he'd jump me. Which wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing but I was enjoying being in control for a little while. And I had managed to get my body under control and ready for the next round.
"I should make you beg me. But I won't because I want it as much as you do." I strutted back over to him and straddled him shoving myself all the way against his crotch. Spreading my legs like that caused the zipper on my skirt to ride up to my waist so now all of my legs were exposed and he could see my thong covered pussy grinding against his hard on. He could also see my thong was soaking wet from my juices and I was getting his pants wet as well. I could smell my juices so I know he could even without his special senses.
His hands and mouth attacked my breasts and especially my nipples. He was very excited and while he wasn't rough he wasn't exactly gentle. He was squeezing them and tweaking my nipples, rolling them in his fingers. He put one in his mouth and licked, sucked, and gently nipped it. This time I let him know what he was doing to me. "OOOOOOOHHHH FUCK VINCE! I'M CUMMING!"
He actually stopped with a shocked look on his face. "Seriously? You climaxed from that?!? You're joking!!"
I kissed him for a few minutes and rubbed my boobs across his bare chest. Breathing heavily and leaning into him I gasped "That was at least my tenth or twelfth climax so far. My ears and nipples are hypersensitive. I'm VERY orgasmic and very multi-orgasmic. I'm blessed with a nympho's body. Seriously, I have the true condition of nymphomania. I also have nearly four times the nerve endings in certain parts of my body."
He leered at me which made me feel wonderfully dirty. "Which parts?"
I smiled at him and presses my forehead against his. "Well, my ears obviously, my nipples, my clit, the entire interior of my vagina, my lips and tongue and mouth are about double nerves, my neck is double, my inner thighs are almost four times, and my belly button. So you see I can become jelly in someone's hands very easily. Add that to my ability to climax both easily and repeatedly I can have more fun that any girl alive. Oh, and with the added factor of WHAT I am, my stamina and constitution allow me to handle the intense orgasms without passing out or worse."
He took a minute to look at my topless torso, my exposed spread legs, and my thong covered crotch. "You are the most amazing girl I have ever met. Get ready for round two!" His mouth reattached itself to one of my nipples.
I moaned and exclaimed, "Hmmmmm, want me to say it again pervy? Of course you do. FUUUUUCCCCKKKKK! Time for me to play with my toys too!" I shifted myself around so I could lick his nipples and chest. That put my ears in range of his skilled tongue. I was moaning uncontrollably and grinding and thrusting my pussy on his cock. It dawned on me I was going to fuck him tonight. Actually it dawned on me that I WANTED to fuck him tonight. That revelation stunned me. I never thought I would have such feelings and desires for anyone other than Geran.
I quickly dashed away the tears and let my libido explode within me like a roaring wildfire. I knew what I wanted tonight and I knew it was going to happen. I felt like sex and lust incarnate.
I reached around and found the zipper and unzipped it fully and pulled my skirt off and threw it on the floor. I shoved myself away from him again and stood in front of him with just my thong on. I moved over to the other side of the sofa and lie down on my back and spread my legs obscenely. Loving his eyes on me. "Get busy." I whispered sucking my finger at him.
He lunged forward and slid my thong to the side and began licking and fingering me like he was born for it. My moans could probably be heard several houses away. I stopped counting my orgasms. I let him lick my slit and keep me in orgasmic bliss for a long time. Finally I pushed him out from between my thighs. "Enough! Please enough! Let me have some fun too," I gasped coming out of a climax. "Stand up, Vince."
Vince stood and I took a moment to admire his bare chest. I got unsteadily to my feet and ran my hands over his chest and arms. After a minute my hands found his pants, unfastened them, and pulled his pants and underwear to the floor in one swift movement. "Fuck, your cock is beautiful! It's huge! Look at these balls too." I shoved him back on the sofa and dropped to my knees in front of him. I grasped his huge pole in my hand and lowered my mouth on it. It was larger than Geran's. About 10 or 11 inches long and VERY thick. Luckily, I had practiced MANY hours on Geran's cock so I knew Vince was in for a surprise.
I licked and kissed his dick getting it nice and wet and then looked into his eyes. I winked at him, maintained eye contact and slowly slid his meat into my mouth and then throat until my nose was touching his pubic bone. His eyes were huge as I kept his dick nestled in my throat letting my neck muscles massage it. I kept it in place for about two minutes and then pulled back. Now he was the one moaning and groaning and swearing. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and looked at Vince, "Still think no one can deep throat this beautiful dick?"
"You are incredible!" He moaned.
Now I got serious and began really working his cock over. He smelled wonderfully musky and slightly sweaty. I know it's offensive to some, but for me it's addictive. My other hand found its way to my clit and started furiously rubbing it. The louder his moans got the harder I sucked his cock. Eventually he said those magic words, "Fuck fuck fuck Nicole I'm going to cum!!" I knew he was giving me fair warning to move if I didn't want a mouthful of cum, but I love cum and kept up my pace until I felt his balls tighten and his hips begin to jerk. He came spurt after spurt after spurt into my mouth. It was an incredible amount of jizz. I swallowed everything except the last two spurts which I opened my mouth to show him his yummy cum in my mouth. I then swallowed it and showed him my empty mouth smiling.
I stopped frigging myself and slid my body up and over his until we were face to face and wrapped my arms around his and began making out again. I loved the feeling of our bare skin touching although I really wanted my thong off now. I wanted to feel his eyes on my hot wet pussy. I lost time again while we were sliding our tongues on each other. I made up my mind for the final part and stood slowly.
I turned away from him and slowly slid my thong to my feet keeping my legs straight and spread and bending at the waist until my forehead was almost on the floor. I loved the expression on his face as he stared at my dripping wet slit and swollen clit. I straightened up slowly, walked over to my oral sex eating place on the sofa, lay down and spread my legs very wide running my hands up my inner thighs.
I caught his eye, "Please spread me wide open with that luscious big cock of yours. I want to feel it stretching me and going in so deep it pushes its way through my cervix and I can feel it thrusting into my womb.
Please Lover. Fuck my pussy and fill me with your jizz. I want to feel you cum in me as deep as you can."
He worked his way up my sweaty body licking as he went until I felt the head of that magnificent tool touching my labia. "I'm SUPER wet but you're bigger than I'm used to so go slowly." Over the next few minutes I felt it stretch me open, hit my cervix, smash through, and felt his balls hit my ass. I had another man inside me besides Geran. I came instantly and wrapped my legs and arms tightly around him. The pounding started and put me into multiple orgasms. "Fuck! Vince you're very big and thick! You're stretching my pussy so wonderfully. I feel so full of your cock!" I exclaimed between my moans and grunts.
His cock was rubbing against my clit with every thrust. His hands were all over my body arousing all my nerve endings. We alternated kissing, moaning, occasional screams, and he couldn't resist tongue fucking my ears just to hear me scream through super orgasms.
I have to admit, from what my girlfriends told me about how long their boyfriends last, Vince had incredible stamina. He fucked me missionary for a LONG time making me cum over and over and over. I started begging him to cum in me and eventually I could feel his climax building up. With a roar he slammed his cock into me as far as it would go and I felt him filling me with his thick cum. I was learning he came a LOT as he kept spurting into me.
He lay on top of me kissing my shoulder and neck panting with his cock lodged inside me. It felt amazing. After a while he pulled out of me and sat on the sofa looking at me spread wide beside him. We stared at each other's nude bodies lusting after what we were seeing. The post-coital bliss was relaxing and recharging. We kept running our hands over each other's sweaty bodies. There was no part of my body he was ignoring. Vince's hands were EVERYWHERE on me. I was cooing and making silly, horny, girly noises. He was kissing different areas of me.
I just HAD to give Geran a small peek so I reached out with my mind. *Geran! I DID IT!! We had SEX and at this very moment his cum and his dick are INSIDE ME!! See you soon!*
I gently pushed him away. "I need a short break. You want a snack?" I got up and headed to the kitchenette. I could feel his hot cum running down my thighs.
"Something light. And something to drink, please?" He was watching me closely. I made certain the right parts were bouncing and swaying when I moved. I grabbed a couple sandwiches Geran and I had left in the fridge earlier today from a video game challenge (I beat his ass thoroughly!) and two large bottles of Gatorade.
I sat on the sofa with my left leg curled up under me. Vince's goo was dripping out of me. It felt good. I handed him a sandwich and a bottle. We began eating and drinking and catching our breath. I liked looking over his naked body. "You work out a lot, Vince?"
He took a bite, "Yeah, every day. I'm able to bench a ton and a half now. I don't want to look too bulked up though."
I let my eyes travel over him, "You look amazing! Just the right amount of toned definition."
"Thanks! Although your body is exquisite!" He was checking me out thoroughly and starting to get aroused again. "Thanks for the sandwich and juice, too. It was a good idea to take a little break. Your eyes are a very bright blue, by the way."
We finished our snacks and I drained my bottle and what was left in his. I stretched and wiggled around some. Then I slid up on the sofa so I was kneeling on it beside him. The sofa was soaked with my juices and his cum. I imagine the room smelled of perfume, cologne, sweat, and sex. I put my arm around his shoulder and licked his ear. I said softly into his ear making my voice breathy so as to stimulate and tease him. "Vince, I had an incredibly awesome time with you tonight even though I never in a million years thought we would fuck on the first date. I am VERY glad we did. I have no idea what time it is but I know Geran was expecting me home hours ago so you are going to have to take that massive cock of yours and go home."
He turned and we kissed passionately for a while. He pulled back and sighed, "Yes, you're right. And your entire body is amazing." We were both sweaty and as he pulled back I slid a little so I was staring right at his cock. It was fully erect again. It also had the unfortunate result of putting my overworked ear next to his mouth. He took full advantage of it and I had his glorious tongue fucking my ear again. The orgasms if anything were more intense.
He began whispering hotly into my ear. "Nicole, you love having me inside you. The fact that I'm "The other man" makes you hot. You can't wait to show Geran your slutty used cunt; your manhandled breasts; your whole body that has been felt up, looked at, lusted over. You can't wait to show your husband what a dirty fucking slut you are. You can't wait to let him smell the sex on you. Make no mistake Nicole, you are sweaty and smell like you've had sex all night. You look like you've been fucked silly. And you are still the most beautiful girl on the planet."
Half way through his "make Nicole cum even harder" speech his finger found my dripping slit and began roughly tormenting my clit. I was delirious with orgasms. He suddenly stopped and let me come back to reality.
I kissed him deeply and lightly bit his lower lip. I grinned at him and turned away from him on the sofa. I got on my hands and knees with my ass pointing at him. I looked back at him in the eyes and commanded him. "Fuck this slut's pussy raw." He lunged forward and began fucking me like he was trying to make his cock come out of my mouth. My breasts were heaving and bouncing as he pounded me. I wanted this time to have some variety. After a while I shifted and started riding him. His hands were all over my clit and boobs. I then went to reverse cowgirl and tried to pound his ass through the floor. We got back on the sofa and spoon fucked and finally went to missionary where I want to feel him cum in me again. And he did. Another massive amount of his cum was blasted into my womb.
We lay like that for about ten minutes until I pushed him off and began sucking his dick like a girl possessed. Once I got him fully hard again I got back on my hands and knees. "You've got one more hole to fuck." His eyes got big and he started to ask if I was certain but thought better of it. He got into position and grabbed my hips. He pressed the head of his tool against my rosebud and pushed. It didn't go in. I laughed and said, "You're going to have to do better than that if you want me to cum again on that yummy cock!" That was enough. He shoved HARD and it went in in one push. His entire dick was fully inside my ass and I gave a loud scream and beat my fist on the sofa.
"Are you OK?" Vince asked worriedly.
I grunted, "Yes, I came - HARD - and it hurt but it's incredible now. Fuck my ass hard!"
My ass began taking an incredible pounding. I was squeezing down on it to make it even tighter on his prick. My tits were bouncing like crazy and I was fingering my clit. My orgasms were fast and furious. This time I was talking dirty to him through my moans. I begged him to fuck my ass so hard I wouldn't be able to walk. I begged him not to cum in my ass. I wanted him to shoot his load all over my face, hair, breasts, belly, pussy, thighs. I wanted him to cover me with his spunk. I told him over and over to fuck my whore ass and fuck my slut ass. I promised myself next time I was going to time how long he fucked me in each session. It had to be at least an hour, but I was having so many intense climaxes I had no real time awareness.
I felt him getting ready to cum and he whipped his dick out of my ass, grabbed me by the waist and flipped me over. He grabbed his cock and stroked it hard and fast and then the cum started shooting out of the huge head. He shot blast after blast of thick sticky jizz onto me. It went everywhere I wanted. It got in my hair, it got on my face, my chest both of my heaving breasts, extra on my nipples, it covered my belly, he spurted onto my pussy and my thighs. As a special gift, he turned my head and filled my ear with his hot cum. When he finally stopped we looked at each other and smiled.
I laughed a little with the sheer joy of being sexually fulfilled. "I want a quickie from that cock next week at school. I don't care if people see you fucking me either. We are also going to do another session like this. I would REALLY like to have you and Geran both double team me."
"Now you really have to go and I have to go show Geran what a bad bad girl I've been. But I will clean your dick quickly for you." I grabbed it and licked it clean very fast. Standing up I handed him my soaked thong. "Your souvenir." I grabbed his boxer briefs and wiped his balls and chest with them. "My souvenir." I looked at the sofa. There was a massive cum stain on it soaking the cushions.
Saturday Morning:
I headed for the door completely nude and opened it. It was daylight outside. We had played and fucked all night long. I felt a little bad because I knew Geran wouldn't have gotten any sleep waiting for me. "See ya at school, Lover!" I bounded down the stairs nude and casually walked to our front door. Wouldn't you know Mom had locked it? I rang the bell and stood naked and cum covered at the front stoop.
Mom opened the door with a huge smile. "Young lady it is almost 8:30am. What kind of mother will people think I am if they find out I let my teenage daughter stay out all night with some strange guy she just met and then show up naked and freshly fucked at the front door?" I knew she was ribbing me. She saw Vince getting into his car and smiled and waved at him.
I told her excitedly, "Mom, I had an AWESOME time! I'm soooo glad Geran insisted I do this! I know more about how he feels with you and Celeste and future others. I feel kind of liberated that I can have the same kind of fun when he's having the same kind of fun and I know I'm babbling. Where's my husband?"
She stroked my hair and replied, "Geran is in his bedroom waiting for you. You have made him VERY happy. He watched most of, well no he watched all of it and fucked me senseless. He made me pretend to be you and do everything you did. He worships you. If he could crawl inside your soul and live he would. That's how happy you made him. You are the most incredible daughter, wife, and sister. Now go let him see your magnificent cum covered body! I've prepared breakfast for you as well. It's also in Geran's room."
Mom's speech actually made my eyes tear up and I was overcome with emotion. I raced up the stairs and barged into Geran's room. He was sitting nude on the bed with a look of pure ecstasy and love. For me and only me. My eyes teared again as I went and knelt at his feet. "I love you more than life itself and my body is here for your pleasure. Please use me and fulfill your lusts, loves, and needs. I am and will always and forever belong to you my husband. HOWEVER, I reserve the right to have sex with whomever I choose, whenever I choose as long as it never interferes with our relationship or adversely affect our relationship. Now let's ravish each other all day." I looked at his dresser and then back at him, "Uhm, maybe after breakfast or at least a couple of bites and maybe half a gallon of that pineapple juice."
"Anything for you, Nicole! And Welcome Home!" He got up and poured the juice for me and fixed me a plate. Then he fixed his own. "Soooooo, open your mind and start telling me about your date. Tell me what you liked."
I looked at him with a full mouth, "I liked that you gave me an epiphany of sexual freedom. Now just be patient while I eat."
"I can't believe you actually had sex with him. I really was not expecting you to do much." He told me excitedly.
"Geran, I didn't just have sex with Vince. I WANTED to have sex with Vince. I wanted to FUCK him! It was so awesome having his cock pounding my tight hole and filling it with his thick sperm." I spread my sticky thighs. "Look at my stretched pussy. His cream is still leaking out of me!"
"I wasn't even touching myself and when I saw him enter you I came all over the place!" he exclaimed.
He ate and waited, but was definitely not patient. When I was done he gently picked me up and lay me on his bed. I knew he was going to be busy licking me for quite some time. I opened my mind fully to him and let him re-experience my wonderful date. We had fun picking out favorite parts while he licked the cum from my body. After I was clean we kissed for a while and then I told him he wasn't done yet. "Geran, Vince pumped his cum all the way into my womb. You have to eat me and lick my clit to get me to cum and force it out. I think you can handle that."
Geran's Story:
I have never been as aroused as I was watching Nicole walk come into our bedroom covered in jizz, smiling happily, and smelling - no - reeking of sex. My dicks felt like they were going to explode. After we got in bed and I started giving her a tongue bath we merged minds and she gave me her entire date. I could not help it. I came all over her legs and the bed without even touching myself. She laughed gently and said softly, "I guess you approve of how my first date went."
I groaned and held her tightly. My face was almost to her clit. She pushed me off of her and told me, "I want you to get a good look at my well fucked pussy before you clean me up."
I stared in wonder at her swollen red lips. Her clit was inflamed and there was cum everywhere. Her scent was intoxicating. She gave a little squeeze with her pelvic muscles and some cum oozed out of her.
"Nicole, this is the sexiest sight I have EVER seen. Wait just a second." I got her camera from her night stand and took several pictures.
She gave me a sexy evil smile, "Do you like my lover's handiwork? Do you like looking at what Vince did to my tight little pussy? Can you smell his cum leaking out of me? I know his huge dick stretched me out. I feel sooooooo loose down there. Oh, I wish you could have seen his beautiful cock pounding in and out of me; making me cum; making me moan."
She was working overtime getting me aroused. It was working. She instinctively knew how to push my buttons.
I moaned, "Fuck, Nicole, at least let me eat you out. You're getting me so horny I'd fuck a piece of wood with splinters in it. By the way, I'm going to keep a copy of these pictures on my phone!"
She looked at me with a horny expression, "You wanna eat me? Then do it right!!" She shoved me down on my back and straddled her thighs over my face. She lowered herself forcefully onto my mouth and began grinding herself on my face. I began licking, sucking, nibbling her. I started on her thighs and worked my way to her ass and gave her a thorough rim job. Then I tongued her clit gently getting her to climax. Sure enough when she came some cum came out of her.
She buried my face in her incredible pussy and held my head there and made me lick her for hours. She was almost in a state of constant orgasm and she kept pushing out globs of Vince's cum into my mouth. The combined taste of him and her juices was amazing. Finally, she had emptied itself and I began slowing and licking more gently.
I pushed her onto the bed and I kissed my way back up her body until my cocks were in position and entered her. She wrapped her long legs around me and dug her fingers into my back. We fucked, had sex, made love for hours. I don't have any idea how many times we each came but it was an amazing day. Fatigue made us stop around six pm.
I carried her into the shower and we cleaned each other thoroughly. After we toweled off we both put on shorts and went downstairs. Mom had a feast waiting for us. She was wearing a very nice blouse and skirt. She looked elegant and sexy.
We ate and Mom and I kept Nicole busy answering our questions about her date. We asked everything from how did he drive to how did it feel when he came in her. Nicole answered every question and was very animated. She was also very wet again. Reliving it got her, and us, very aroused. After dinner we decided a calm night of snuggling and watching TV was in order instead of trying to bang ourselves into oblivion.
The three of us cuddled up under a big blanket with me in the middle and watched a couple movies. The first one I chose and the second was their choice. We all fell asleep during their chick flick choice.
To be continued...