Before we start: Everything in this story is fictional, every character entirely my creation and are all over 18 years old. All rights reserved. Etc etc.
———
As Lula, a 18-years old French Vietnamese girl, sways her barely covered hip, flaunts her exposed, long and toned legs doing a catwalk through the woods just outside of New York City, her boyfriend Jamie feels himself beginning to harden.
But still, his camera is steady, keeping Lula right in the middle of the video frame. Her black, straight and almost hip length long hair moved by the gentle breeze.
He continues to voice his commands in French-accented English, as the two of them move further into the woods, 'keep going... spin around for me, yes yes, that's nice, give us a smile... slowly pull up your top...'
Lula happily obliged, gently lifting her very short crop top, slowly revealing to Jamie's video camera that she is not wearing a bra, her round and perky 30C breasts fully in sight while his camera continue to zoom in. Her nipples are pink and already slightly erected in the chilly early autumn weather. Her pulling the top over and off causes her perfectly shaped breasts to jiggle slightly. Lula is slim with a tiny waist (30-23-34, 174cm) which lead to her all-natural C-Cup breasts appear almost too big for her, the fact that they are firm, full, up at just the right height even without a bra, pink nipples pointing slightly upwards, no wonder people have comments that her body is like 'a piece of art' and her breasts 'God's gift'.
The comments under Lula and Jamie's hit videos on the website pornhabii.org that is. If you go to pornhabii.org now, you can see that two of the most watched videos this week are by the couple Lula x Jamie. They have only released several videos in their pornhabii channel and all of those are of the new trend in porn site where fit hot couple fuck, tastefully shot and edit, but never show the guy and girl's face clearly, not to the degree you will be able to identify them if you aren't personally familiar with them anyway.
Of cause, to a lot of viewers not being able to see the hot girl's face is a pity, but because of the relative anonymity this method gives, it also encourages people to make their own porn who otherwise would never want to share videos of themselves naked let alone having wild sex and orgasm. Especially young people who wants a career and life other than porn in the long run, but needed the money it provides now, making the most out of their amazing youthful body.
"Lovely view!" said Lula in French to Jamie, as he position his two mirrorless cameras on tripod. The teenage French couple has walked past the dense woods into a small grassy glade by a river, with NYC's skyscrapers looking tiny, beyond the river in a distance. Jamie is Caucasian, 179cm, slim with dark, boyish curly hair and also 18. He has known Lula since they were 11, growing up just a few streets apart in an artistic and bohemian district of Paris, France.
"Are you ready?", Jamie hugs Lula, who is still topless, tightly from behind, kissing his beautiful lover on her neck and then her shoulder. "Of cause, baby." Lula smiles and reply, enjoying Jamie's attention and touch, stroking his hands, which are gently caressing the milky smooth skin of her tits, in return.
Jamie leads Lula to the centre of the grassy meadow, asks her to stay there, then he quickly run to press record on both his cameras, positioned for 2 different angles and framing so that he will be able to edit them into a more interesting video.
To be a successful film director has been Jamie's dream since he was 14, and ever since he bought a secondhand video camera he has been exploring the craft of filmmaking and editing. Of cause it helps when your gorgeous girlfriend is a willing model/actress for you, whether clothed or in the nude.
Joining Lula, Jamie takes off his t-shirt, walk up to her and pull her close for a passionate kiss, their tongues twisting around each other's. It is a beautiful scene being captured in the camera: Under the cloudless blue sky a fit and hot semi-naked couple kissing in the middle of the frame, lush grassy ground underneath their feet, tall and dense trees framing the left and right edges of the frame, while the wide river behind the couple is now basked in late afternoon sun.
Lula's parents are both contemporary artist, and have always encouraged her to follow her heart, pursue her dream and find her purpose. She feels that Jamie is one artistic soul that truly understands her and would love nothing more than pursuing their dreams together.
Jamie slides his hands down Lula's back and into her tiny, cropped short jeans, squeezing her full and tender ass. Her throng is so tiny it doesn't cover much at all. Lula also move her hands down on to Jamie's crotch, feeling his hard dick over his jeans. It really turns her on to feel how she is bringing the lust out of this boy she loves. She can't wait to hold his cock in hand, and try to undo his buttons as quick as she can, but Jaime's kissing on her earlobe, a major sensitive spot of hers, is making her hard to concentrate.
First Lula pushes down Jamie's short jeans, he stepped out of it and his sandals, then he swiftly did the same for Lula. As soon as both of them are completely naked, Lula drops down to her knees and started stroking, licking and then sucking his dick.
Despite recently becoming popular porn video-makers, the couple is actually not very experienced sexually. While they have moved from friendship to dating at age 16, and despite the highly liberal attitude of themselves and their parents, they have actually only took each other's cherry just a year ago, and have remain each other's only sexual partners.
Once they have tried it though, they just can't stop themselves, increasingly when they are alone, they spent more time naked than they are fully clothed, exploring every inches of each other's body and any ways to give pleasure to each other. Except anal, the idea of which just seem too wrong to Lula, "it feels... abusive, degrading and really really painful...." To which Jamie didn't object much after raising the possibility once or twice. Lula's pussy is so incredibly tight, warm and moist that it feels way more than enough for him, it is basically heaven every time he pushed himself deep inside her.
Around that time they began to watch porn together, partly to see how other people "do it". And it was that which gave Jamie the idea of making porn anonymously.
Lula's tongue dance around Jamie's now rock hard cock swiftly and delicately, the tip of her tongue giving the under side of his cock's tip a few quick tickles that force him to let out a loud moan in pleasure, her hand slowly strokes the rest of his cock. It feels incredibly good but Jamie forces himself to pull back sightly and lower himself to kiss Lula on the lips. Lula knows exactly what he wants and the two of them shuffle their body until they are lying down in a position of 69.
On the main camera the back of Lula's milky white slender body is on full display, lying down on her left side, the back of her head began to bob up and down at a steady pace between Jamie's thigh, while Jamie's face presses close to her pussy, his tongue caressing her erected clitoris, his hands slowly squeezing her ass cheek while the sun fall even lower over the horizon. It is almost magic hour and the golden sunlight lit up the edge of their smooth, youthful body beautifully. Jamie inserts one finger into Lula's vagina gently, feeling how dripping wet his lovely girlfriend is.
Celebrating the start of their gap year before college as well as the decent income they received from their videos onpornhabii.org, the couple decided to treat themselves with a short trip away from their native Paris to New York for a week, the first time they have left Europe.
They spent the first few days in the Big Apple visiting the usual tourist attractions and some famous museums, but it was always their plan to find a secluded location here and film some new content. They have previously filmed themselves making love on a hidden beach at the North of France, and this quiet woods outside of NYC sounded equally great when the helpful receptionist at their hotel mentioned it.
As Jamie's finger moves rhythmically inside Lula's tight passage, massaging her g-spot, his tongue continue to work her clit, the sensation between Lula's crotch grows stronger and stronger, her love juice flowing, her hips jerk and she has to let Jamie's cock out of her mouth because she needs to moan, and loud. She can feel that an orgasm may be building up soon.
Jamie is also now as hard and arose as a man can be, he needs to thrust himself inside her, and she needs him to fill her up, deeply.
After a few extra deep and fast thrust of Jamie's finger inside Lula that made her let out a few louder moans, Jamie withdraw his hand, sit up, lay her down on her back and position himself on his knees, cock in hand, ready to enter her tight, wet and heavenly love hole.
Suddenly, there are sound of ruffling leaves and quick, heavy footsteps behind him.
He freezes, turn, and when he sees the huge, dark, rapidly approaching figure, it was already within arms length. Then, BAM, and it goes dark.
When Jamie come to, the sound come first. 'No!!! Let go of me!! No!!' Lula cries. Then he feels pain. The left side of his jaw is pulsing with pain where he was punched. And pain on his scalp, someone has yanked him up by his hair.
Jamie open his eyes, shock to see 3 men and 1 woman dressing in black leather biker outfit, probably in their early 40s, are surrounding Lula, her completely naked and pale slim body a stark contrast to the 3 burly men in black. All standing, one man, probably 6"2 tall, bald with long and dense beard, is behind Lula and holding her arms back with just one hand, leaving his other hand free to play with her tender breasts. The second man, with a wide grin on his face, must be 6'4 tall and build like a tank also has his hands running liberally up and down Lula's body.
"Please stop... Please..." tears drips from Lula's eyes as she pleas, twisting her body trying to not let the men touch her but to no avail. No one except Jamie has touched her breasts or her crotch before, and he has always be gentle with her while these 2 men's hands are coarse like sandpaper and their touch aggressive, squeezing her tits hard and pulling her nipples in every directions. The man grabbing her hands only strengthen his grip a bit and it is enough to make Lula yep in pain, lessening her struggle.
"You pretty young thing, having some fun here huh?" The man behind Jamie tug his hair and said. "I couldn't believe my eyes when we spotted you from way back there... damn, kid, you have got yourself a real fine girlfriend haven't you? That face, that body... is she a model or what, huh? I bet she is a bloody good fuck too?' Jamie, who is forced on to his knees, find that his hands and his feet have all been bounded behind him.
"Let go of her, please! Just leave us alone! ...Or we will call the police!" Jamie yell in his heavy French-accented English. SNAP! The man grabbing his hair snapped his right cheek so hard that it makes a big noise.
"No! Please don't hurt him please..." Lula pleads again to the men. SNAP! "You worry about your pretty boy huh, girl? Now you be a real good girl and stop yelling then I may leave your boy alone..." the man behind Jamie says to Lula, with a shallow smirk. His piercing eyes and nasty expression sending chills down Lula's back.
The third man in biker jacket, who is a little shorter than his friends, with obviously thinning short blond hair, a big belly, and huge arms, stepped in front of Jamie, holding up one of his camera and said, "Holy shit, they are filming themselves! Hey Freddy you are gonna love this, you porn addict...", walking towards the man fondling Lula's tits from the side, who is now also sucking on her nipple. Lula's protestation has largely gone quiet, fearful of the bikers hurting Jamie more, she shut her eyes wishing that this is all just a nightmare while trying hard to keep her legs together, resisting the men's wandering hands.   "Oh yea? Let me see..." Freddy looking at the camera 's screen. 'OK, porn this is... but you can hardly see their faces... Oh wait!" He looks at the left side of Lula's waist. "That tattoo..., you are Lula, and James! No, Jamie... That's right hahaha, this guys make some hot porno, man! I was watching their stuff just last night, holy shit!"
Throwing the camera on the ground, Freddy took out his phone and showed the rest of the gang a Lula X Jamie video on pornhabii. "They never show their faces, but I know that's her from that strange tattoo, and her accent.... And these yummies," shaking Lula's tits as he says so.
"Well that's rubbish, isn't it?" Said the woman of the gang. "What sort of crap is this, not showing faces. I reckon we should help them, lads. To make some real, proper porn. What do you think, Chet?"says the woman, grinning, although her eyes remain cold and hard, eyeing Lula's youthful body up and down.
"Good idea, Ruby, good idea," says Chet, the man that snapped Jamie, who is still in shock and stayed quiet. "Hey girl!" Chet yells, who has pulled a huge flip blade out of his pocket, looking the tearful Lula in the eyes. "If you want your pretty boy to leave here alive, you are gonna do whatever we say, you understand?" Chet says, pressing the knife on Jamie's neck, just enough to make him bleed a little. Jamie's mouth gapes open, not dare to move one bit.
"Ye...Yes...Yes... I will do whatever you say, ple..ase... don't hurt him..." answers the sobbing Lula.
"Just what I wanna hear." A wicked smile on his face, Chet orders Sam, the tallest of the gang, and Freddy, to reposition the 2 cameras, and start recording again.
"H...hi guys, it is me, Lula. Yes, for the first time, I have decided to show my face to o..our fans. We want to reward you for all the views and love you guys have for our videos... with something di...different this time...." With her beautiful face, now cleaned with no traces of tears, right in the middle of the camera's screen, Lula forces herself to smile and repeats what Chet told her to say.
Chet nodded with approval and gestures at Lula to continue, 'we ha...have invited a few friends to join me this time... and please be assure, all that you are about to see are plan..ned by me and Jamie... I will act out... a... fantasy of mine... I hope you will enjoy this as much as we do....." Lula finishes the sentence with a big if unconvincing smile then steps back revealing to the camera once again the glory of her totally naked body.
Immediately, the 4 men of the gang, already butt-naked, stroking their erected cocks walk up to Lula and touch her all over. Chet holds up one of Lula's long smooth legs, his other hand wet with his saliva goes straight for her pussy, rubbing her labia roughly. Sam holds Lula from behind to keep her balance on one leg, fondling her perky right breast up and down, while Freddy squeezes between Chet and Sam to grab and then snap Lula's ass cheek repeatedly. The forth man, Pete, has one hand pinching Lula's left nipple and his other hand forcing Lula's to snog him.
Ruby sit quietly on the grass behind the camera, next to Jamie who remain naked and bounded, and have been placed lying face up. "This is alright, lengthwise,' says Ruby, running her fingers up and down Jamie's erected penis like a cat toying with a mouse. 'Just a bit skinny,' she suddenly grab his cock and squeezes hard, 'girth is more important, if you ask me...' says Ruby, keeping her eyes on the gangbang scene in front of her the whole time. Jamie, in pain, would have asked her to let go of his dick has she not gagged him with one of the sock he picked up after the gang stripped.
Lula feels disgusted being molest by these fat ugly old men, keeping her eyes shut as if that can block out what is happening. She likes sharing the video of Jamie and her making love, yes. But only anonymously, and only because it was the beautiful and sweet Jamie she loves, the dearest person, the only person she wants to share her body with. Not these strangers, not their vulgar, hairy body. Their yellow teeth, old, lined faces, bald head and smelly breath. Why, why is this happening to me, please make it stop, she keeps thinking.
But she feels even more shameful that her body is beginning to react against her will. All the touches, especially the fingers that in turn rubbing her clitoris and poking into her most private parts, and the rough toying of her sensitive nipples are increasingly filling her senses with lust. She doesn't want to think about it but this old man certainly seems to know how to use his fingers better than Jamie. Before long she feels that she is getting wet, and she doesn't want to.
"Here we go girl, you getting turn on huh?' Said Chet, feeling he can finally begin to push his finger deeper into Lula's vagina, "Damn, her pussy is real tight, even when her juice is flowing.... Are you sure you are not a virgin, girl? Or is your little boyfriend's cock so small?" Teased Chet. He continues to force his chunky finger into Lula, twisting around, pull out a little and then push in again harder and deeper each time.
"Arghhhh.... it hurts... please stop, please..." Lula winces and weakly say, pulling her mouth from Pete's, only to be pulled back to continue the one-sided snogging before she can pleas more.
But the pain Lula feels in her pussy soon subsides, taking over by unwanted, but growing physical and sexual sensations that the men are triggering on her sensitive parts. Sam's rough fondling of her tit, him sucking her earlobe and licking her neck. Pete who has now lower his head to suck on Lula's other tit like he is a baby who has discovered his mother's breast for the first time. Lula can feels that she is now wetter than she has ever been, and her pussy becoming more receptive to Chet's invasion. And then he forces in his second finger.
"Argggh... slowly, please, slow..." Lula pleas, her beautiful face no longer blocked by Pete's head and can again be seen on the camera. Her mouth gaping open with a mixture of pain and pleasure she can no longer deny. Chet's two fat fingers are pretty much filling up Lula's tight hole as much as Jamie's cock ever has, just shorter.
But when Chet twists and presses and makes fast vibrating movement inside her, that's something that Jamie has never done to her. She can no longer stop herself from moaning. She doesn't want to give these men the enjoyment of feeling they are giving her pleasure, but it is just feeling so good. She lets out yet another loud moan when Chet pulls out and then pushes his two fingers all the way inside her in one swift stroke, making a lewd sound that only a dripping wet pussy can.
"Alright now it's about time,"say Chet, before he orders the other 3 men to lay Lula down on the grass, and asks Ruby to bring over one of the camera.
Now lying on her back, watching the naked, muscular and hairy chested Chet kneeling between her spread out legs, his big cock in hand, the realisation of what's about to happen jolts Lula out of the trance she was in when being fingered and touched.
Chet leans forward to kiss Lula's lips forcefully, grab her head with both hands and pushes his tongue into her mouth, circling around her tongue before he pulls back a little, yelling at Lula to says the line he gave her. "Pl..lease fuck me, hard, I want it..." She again forces herself to smile at the camera Sam is now pointing at her, sniffing like she is resisting tears.
Sam manoeuvres the camera with one hand, getting some close up of Lula's glorious, pale body, now almost glowing under the warm sunset light, his other hand stroking his hard cock. Lula's breasts jiggle like delicate jelly when Chet's rough hands grab her two knees and forcefully pushes them wide apart.
He uses the tip of his 7-inches long fuckstick to poke against Lula's glistening pussy lips, first inch, second inch... "Wow... so tight, damn..." A low groan of pleasure escapes his mouth, a whimper of pain and sorrow from hers.
Third inch, fourth inch. "God... this feels so good, so warm..." Feeling he cannot push in further, Chet pulls out a little bit and began slowly pumping in and out. Every time he pushes back in a little deeper, every time Lula cries out. She has never been stretched so much, this man's cock is bigger and thicker than Jamie's, she knows for certain.
Chet's grit his teeth and keep pumping. Sixth inch... "There you are!" Exclaimed Chet as he is finally able to push his hard cock in to the hilt. Lula let out the loudest moan from her yet, a drop of tear drips down her cheek as she feels that this man as reached a part deep inside her vagina that Jamie never had, it feels like a hole has been forced open inside her.
Now that Lula's pussy has adapted to his size, Chet steadily picks up his pace, pumping in and out of her pussy. Lula's narrow love-tunnel seems to be squeezing his dick from every direction with just the right pressure every time his dick pushes in, this great pleasure is like nothing Chet has experienced, even though he has deflowered a few girls in his youth. "This girl is something else...' Says Chet, panting slightly, his eyes enjoying the sight of Lula's round and firm breasts wobbling up and down with his every stroke, his hands sliding up and down the smooth skin of her legs, trying to touch every part of her. "Best fuck ever, I am telling you.' he says to no one in particular.
Jamie winces as he felt Ruby tighten her grip of his dick further, a hateful snort escapes her mouth hearing what Chet said. He can only see the side of her face, but Jamie knows this biker gang woman is not pleased.
As Chet continue to fuck Lula, his hands move to grab her tits, squeezing and moulding them every each way. Freddy lower himself next to Lula's head and forces his dick into her unwilling mouth. He snaps her cheek as a warning, "you work your mouth hard on my dick, girl, or I am gonna really hurt you," and starting fucking her mouth.
Sam and Pete each placing Lula's hand on their dick, making her jerk them while they feel her body up wherever they can get their hands to. Chet has always been the leader of the gang so he gets to go first, but the two men can't wait for their turn to fuck this hot young foreigner.
"Too good, feels too good... there you go, girl, there you go...' Lula feels Chet's movement quicken and his grip on her tits tighten, she winces in pain but her cries muffled by the cock in her mouth.
"I'm gonna fill you up girl, you ready? You ready?' Panted Chet. Lula manages to wiggle her head out of Freddy's crotch, "Not inside... please, not inside..' More tears stream down her face. Jamie has always pulled out and cum on her chest, face or mouth, so she is not on any pills.
Almost immediately Chet gives his deepest thrust yet and bellows a growl, he shakes as he ejaculates warm cum again and again deep inside Lula's pussy, she feels every load he shots, her vision seems to darken, something in her heart cracked. Breathing heavily, Chet's eyes staring at Lula's big, watery brown eyes, grinning, "Oops... Hahaha, sorry girl,' he pumped in and out of her a few more times, 'filled you riiiight up! Next!' He pulls his sticky, half-soften penis out of Lula and make space for his friends, small stream of white stickiness leak from her used fuckhole.
'The first man ever to have cum inside her is this horrible stranger old enough to be her dad, who forced himself on her, and they have it filmed.' This fact keep looping in Lula's head as she lay motion-less on her back, looking at but seems not really registering what the other 3 men of the gang are doing: They are doing paper, scissor and stone to decide who gets to fuck her next. Freddy wins.
Ecstatic, Freddy pulls up Lula and put her on all four. Having enjoyed Lula's delicate mouth servicing his dick, he is more than ready. In fact, as soon as he inserts his cock, similar in size to Chet but not as long, inside Lula from behind, he knows that he won't last long. The sight of Lula in the doggy position, from behind, is as much a turn on as others. Her tiny 23-inches waist exaggerates her 34-inches hip, creating an attractive curve. Freddy's hands slide along that tempting and sexy curve, feeling her silky smooth skin, firm and youthful. Her ass cheeks perky and well-toned thanks to frequent exercise are now being snaps, caresses and then pull wide open by Freddy, the ugliest of the gang. He teases Lula by rubbing his cock over her labia and clitoris, making sure she is wet again with a few poking of his fingers, and pushes the tip of his cock inside her.
Now he knows why Chet was as excited as he was. Despite the love juice and cum in her pussy, Freddy finds himself having to push in bit by bit, the tight passage of Lula's cunt is almost like resisting the intrusion, yet this pressure only serve to makes Freddy feels better the deeper he pushes in.
Pleased to feel her young pussy tightly gripping his cock even right after Chet's fucking and cumming, Freddy is only fucking Lula slowly, trying to prolong this lustful enjoyment - The last dozen of women he has fucked have all been whores, whose well-used holes feel nowhere near as good as Lula's. He bends forward, his belly pressing on Lula's lower back, stretching his short fingers to grab the enticing breasts of hers, dangling just a bit against gravity. His fingers twist and roll her nipples, making her moan.
At the same time, Pete steps in front of Lula, snapping his 8-inches hard cock on her face a few times before forcing it in her mouth, ordering her to suck. And suck she did, even though his cock's smells is revolting and his size so big her jaw ache, she just hope to end this nightmare sooner.
She tries to remember the advice from her more experienced girl friends on how best to use her tongue, and where seems to be most sensitive for Jamie, although the cock in her mouth now is significantly bigger than Jamie's in both length and girth.
Even though Lula has never had to perform a blowjob while being fucked from behind, her effort seems to be sufficient. "Yea baby, like that, keep going... This bitch is good... she is TALENTED I'm tellin' you!" Pete says aloud and laugh while pushing his cock deep inside Lula's mouth almost choking her.
Meanwhile, Freddy started to quicken his screwing of her, snapping her ass cheeks hard in between strokes, making her whimpers, her ass turning red from the snaps.
Perhaps luckily for her, Freddy could not manage to resist the urge much longer and shot his big loads inside Lula's pussy after the 20th snaps.
'The second man that cums inside you....' is the thought repeating in Lula's mind. She knows there is no point in resisting or pleading to these monsters any more, they have the numbers, the knifes, the muscles and they have her dearest Jamie bound up. She attempts to mentally blockout how they are touching her, using her, but her love juice keep flowing, her nipples erected, her pussy feeling the pain but also some pleasure every time their fingers or penis pushes in. And if she is being honest she did feel likes an orgasm may be slowly building up inside her just before Chet came inside her. It is the unwanted physical touches to her sensitive lady parts, but is being raped by four very undesirable older men in the open, and being filmed, that is keeping her aroused?
Soon after Pete grunted and ejaculated too, deep into Lula's throat, she just about managed to force herself not to vomit or choke, 'Swallow it all, bitch, don't you loose a drop....' Pete then pulls out his still-hard dick, snapping Lula's faces with it again. Lula had let Jamie came in her mouth before but never before did she swallow any cum. It tastes foul, and she feels sick sensing the sticky hot cum slowly sliding down her throat down to her stomach.
"Alright Sam, go on, have some fun." Said Chet cheerfully, taking the camera off Sam's hands and carry on filming Lula, his penis beginning to harden again.
Sam, the tallest, strongest and probably the least bright in the gang, sits down behind Lula and pulls her down on to his crotch, his hands holding her torso up by the waist, inserting his huge cock which is even longer than Pete's but less fat, from below. Ignoring Lula's cry, Pete and Freddy hold her legs wide open for the camera, while Sam slowly begins to move Lula up and down his cock, his hands gripping her tiny waist, his menhood feeling the impressive fuckhole of hers.
Chet move in closer to Lula, getting a close up of her hairless pussy being stretched open by Sam. White cream released by Lula's vagina coating the cock, as Sam holds Lula high up, and then slam her down hard to his hilt, his balls shakes by the impact, her pussy release even more cream, all of this captured in clear detail by the HD camera, soundtracking by Lula's rhythmic cries, in sync with Sam's upward fucking of her.
Chet moves the camera up and zooms out, filming Lula's toned abs and then the enticing movement of her perky breasts, jumping up and down like they have a life of their own.
After a few minutes Sam changed the position, putting Lula on her side, holding her long, slim right leg up on his broad shoulder and insert his huge cock again. This is a position that Lula has rarely tried with Jamie, and with the impressive girth and length of Sam's cock, her pussy is being stretched and attacked in angles she didn't know possible.
Chet half kneeled in front of Lula's face, filming her body now coated with sweat of hers and the men's, her breasts shakes every time Sam drive his cock in. Chet grabs one of her tits and squeezed it hard as he says to Lula, 'Alright girl, give us a smile... and a v-sign.... yea that's it, good girl. Now, here, suck it good, will ya?" and dangling his cock in front of her mouth.
Chet alternates the camera between the close up of Lula sucking his cock, and that of Sam's hard fucking of her pussy. Sam's hand also began rubbing Lula's clit, and he is surprisingly good at it, rubbing her just at the right spot with the right rhythm. That, plus the way his cock keep hitting the deepest depth of her vagina, his every pumping action massaging her pussy's inner wall, a sensation steadily builds up inside Lula. Her hip begins to grind involuntarily, she feels like an electric pulse is running through her, and then she can't hold it in any longer. She turns her face away from Chet's cock and let out a cry, her back arches, her body stiffen. Grinning, Sam gives her another deep thrust. Lula's eyes and mouth open wide but no sound comes out, and then it explodes, her hip shakes uncontrollably, clear liquid splashes out from the top part of her labia, Lula comes harder than she has ever before.
The men cheer, laugh, even clapping a bit. The deep shame this causes Lula is almost as strong as the sexual pleasure she is experiencing. She has never squirt before, but now her first time has been recorded. Sam goes on to fuck her hard again, tears stream down her face as she begins to moan again, before Chet stuffed her mouth full of his hard dick once more.
And just like that the gang of four continue to fuck Lula's mouth and pussy for the next hour or so. Chet came in her pussy twice, her mouth once, and so has Sam. Pete and Freddy both came in her mouth and pussy once each, before spraying her face with their third load together.
All four men feel spent and their dicks flaccid, it has been many years since any of them have ejaculated 3 times in such quick succession. They sit on the grass surrounding Lula who is lying face up and still, like a broken doll. Her eyes stuck close by the cum, her mind empty and her body covered in sweat, her face and hair sticky with a mixture of cum, tears and sweat.
As the sun almost completely set, under the last ray of sunlight the 4 men of the biker gang discuss what to do with the young French couple. The evening will be more than chilly so they have got to move, but all of them are reluctant to just let Lula go, even though they all know it will be some time before they can get it up properly again.
"I have an idea." Says Ruby, getting the gang's attention for the first time in a while. She is still sitting a few paces behind the four men, next to the bounded Jamie, her hand fondling his balls. "Let's take them to the Long's warehouse." Says Ruby, with a mean and ominous smirk, her eyes fixed on Lula.
To be continued...