Have you ever worked with a total bitch that was also smokin' hot? Who hasn't, right? I had a boss years ago that said women like that "just need a good fuck thrown into them." The one I'm currently dealing with -- well, my favorite one, at least ¬-- is Katherine. Not Kathy. Not Kat. Katherine. She went to an all-girl Catholic high school. Ivy League college. Snooty as hell because she thinks -- she knows -- that she's better than everyone else and those that work with her should be grateful. And absolutely smokin'! She knew it, too. 5' 5", long, blonde hair, slender face, and curves that a Ferrari would have trouble navigating. 38-24-36. She was always wearing skin-tight tops or low cut sweaters. Or a combination of the two. Short skirts with high heels that showed off those luscious legs no matter what the weather was like would complete the ensemble.
It all started with her accusing me of being infatuated with her tits. It was true, but I couldn't admit that to her. Over the past several weeks I had managed, after multiple sexual escapades, to swap the tables. I had gotten her to admit to having an infatuation with my sizable cock. I had also convinced her there was a "program" similar to Alcoholics Anonymous to cure this demon. When, in actuality, all I was doing was getting her to be even more enamored with my member.
Step 1 of my "program" for her to follow was to draw a picture of whatever you're infatuated with and look at it anytime you think of it. Being an artist, Katherine had drawn a perfect replica of my pole and had it in the top drawer of her desk at work. Other "steps" completed thus far were to be embarrassed and/or humiliated by your infatuation (which involved having sex in my office with a co-worker) and use, show, or experience the object of your infatuation in public. We wound up in a DP situation in a bathroom at a local pub with our waiter.
It was time to move to the next step.
Katherine and I ran into each other in the hallway while we headed to a meeting. Damn she looked hot! An overly tight peach-colored top that was buttoned well into her cleavage clung to her sexy torso. The top was tucked into a much-too-short-for-the-office white skirt that exposed plenty of those long tan legs sitting on black stilettos. I watched her eyes nervously dart back and forth between the bulge quickly growing in my pants and the crooked smile forming on my face as we approached each other.
When we got closer, I said, "Hey, Katherine, give me a call after the meeting so we can talk about the next step in the program."
"Oh! Yes!" She painfully realized the excitement in her voice was all too obvious. She cleared her throat. "(ahem) Yes, yes, I'll do that. Thank you," she said quite business like.
She was totally distracted during her entire meeting.I can't stop thinking about him! And his cock! (gasp) His..his member! It's so beautiful...and large...and feels so amazing! But, for the sake of my own sanity and my marriage, I must complete the program and get over this infatuation!If she ever found out "the program" was something I made up to get her naked -- and knock her down a notch or two off her high horse -- I was screwed.
A little more than an hour later I was seated in her office staring at her fabulous tits. Her gumdrop sized nipples were poking out like two pencil erasers.
"So, Mr. Al...Mark, you mentioned the next step of the program. I believe it's best we proceed as quickly as we can so we can rid ourselves of this awful infatuation."
I nodded my head. "I absolutely agree."Bullshit! I want you thinking about my cock every second of every day!
"Oh good, I'm glad we agree," she said flatly. "So, what's the next step of the program?"
"Well, it says you have to reveal and explain your infatuation to a complete stranger. Someone
You've never met and most like will never meet again."
She gasped. "A complete stranger?! I have to confess my infatuation of your...your member to a complete stranger?! What's that going to accomplish?!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I guess it's supposed to be something like confessing your sins, ya know? Like unburdening yourself to a stranger. And, in a perfect world, the stranger is understanding and sympathetic and forgives you.
Being a good Catholic girl, she was all-too-familiar with confessing your sins. But this isn't anything she could ever confess to in the House of God. She nodded her head. "Yes, yes, okay. That does make sense."
"We can do it together. You know, support each other."
"Yes, yes, that's a good idea." She thought about it. "But, where do we find this 'stranger'? And no more restaurants!"
I chuckled. "Right, right, no more restaurants. I've actually given this some thought. How about Tranquility Park?"
"Tranquility Park?!" she screeched, then took a breath. "But that's a public place. Someone I know might see me...us."
I shook my head and waved a dismissive hand. "You're over thinking this. It's a very private public place. Have you ever been down there on a Sunday evening? The place is practically deserted. But there's always the stray jogger or someone just looking to unwind before the week starts back up."
She leaned back in her leather chair and thought about it. "Yes, okay, we can try it. But if there are a lot of people there, or I see anyone I know, I'm leaving."
I nodded my head. "Fair enough. Meet me in parking lot C Sunday evening and we'll give it a shot."
The sun was getting low in the sky when Katherine and I stepped onto the paved walkway. She was visibly nervous and sexy as fuck. There was a fall chill in the air. She was wearing a beige sweater with a deep v-neck that was two sizes too small. It was struggling to contain her massive sweater puppies and doing nothing to subdue her rock hard nipples. A black pencil skirt wrapped around her waist and fell to just above her knees. I think it was the longest skirt I'd ever seen her wear. Her high heels tapped on the hard surface. I was dressed way more casually. My Doobie Brothers t-shirt clung to my fit torso while my well-worn and torn jeans squeezed the trouser snake that was hiding in my pants. It was an odd feeling going commando like I was.
We passed a jogger and a couple walking hand in hand as we treaded deeper into the park. We finally saw an old man sitting alone on a bench in the distance. I stopped and nodded. "How about him?" I asked.
Katherine was so nervous her hands were shaking. "Oh gosh, I don't know. I...I..."
"Might as well get it over with. Rip t off like a band aid and get it over with."
She took a deep breath. I though her sweater might split in two from the added pressure. "Yes, I suppose you're right. Just get it over with."
We walked towards the man. He appeared lost in his thoughts, enjoying the peacefulness of the park. His skin was pale. His hair was thinning and gray. He had a long overcoat on to keep the night chill away.
"Excuse me, sir," Katherine said quietly. The man's head turned slowly. She nodded at the bench. "May I...may we sit down next to you?"
The old man shrugged his shoulders and gruffly said, "There's no law against it, I s'pose." He made no effort to scoot over, forcing the three of us to sit scrunched together with a very uncomfortable Katherine in the middle.
We sat there in silence for several awkward minutes before I lightly elbowed Katherine in the ribs, startling her. She got the message.
"Excuse me, uh, sir, but would you mind...would it be okay if I...we...if we, uh..."
I looked around her. "What she's trying to say is would you mind if we gave you our testimony? If we confessed to you?"
The old man rolled his eyes. "Oh Gawd."
"Yes! You see, it's part of a program we're in. We have to, uh, confess and explain our infatuation to a stranger in order to advance in the program," she added.
"Well, ain't it my lucky day," the old man said sarcastically. "You all aren't part of some kind of weird religious cult or somethin', are ya?"
Katherine shook her head. "Oh no! No no, nothing like that. We each have very specific infatuations. This is part of a program to alleviate said infatuation. Much like AA."
I smiled and winked at the old man. "Trust me, you won't regret it."
The old man frowned at me. "I've heard that before!" He scowled at Katherine. "Go ahead, missy. Get on with it."
She looked back at me. "Are you sure about this?" I simply nodded. She turned back to the old man. "Well, it started several months ago when I noticed Mr. Alan here..."
The old man cut her off. "I don't need the whole history of the world, missy! Cut to the chase!"
The words startled her at first. "Oh! Yes, of course. Cut to the chase." She took a deep breath. "Well, you see, as it turns out, I've become painfully aware that I'm infatuated with Mr. Alan's...Mark's...yes, well, um, member." Her face blushed.
The old man's brows furrowed. "His what?"
Katherine looked down and muttered, "His...his member."
The old man looked at my smiling face. "Mycock. She's infatuated with my fat fuckingcock," I said firmly with a twinkle in my eye.
The old man's eyebrows nearly leapt off his head. "Your what?!"
"Mycock. Isn't that right, Katherine? You're infatuated with my cock. She can't get enough of it. Isn't that right, Katherine?"
"Mark...language...please..." she said quietly.
I chuckled. "Yeah, okay, whatever."
The old man's jaw was open. He was stunned at the turn of events. "She...she..." he stuttered.
"She loves cock. She's infatuated with my cock. But she loves cock. Go ahead, Katherine, tell him."
She was still looking down. "It...it...yes, it's true. I'm infatuated with his member."
I nudged her hard with my arm. "Nooooooo, say it right."
She gulped. "I...I...I'm infatuated with his...cock." She looked up at the old man's shocked face. "It's true. I...I love his...cock. His huge, beautiful cock." She could feel herself getting damp at the thought of it.
She barked when I grabbed her breast. "And I'm infatuated with her fat fucking tits! I mean, look at 'em! They're fucking fantastic!" The old man glanced at my hand pawing at her mound. I tugged at the bottom of her sweater. "C'mon, Katherine, let's show him those fat fuckers!"
"Wait! What?!" she squawked in protest as I stood up, bringing the bottom of her sweater with me. The sudden force yanked her hands over her head. Before she could say "stop", the sweater was off and in my hands, revealing a lacy white bra that did nothing to hide her dark areolas or her erect nipples.
She briefly tried to cover up before I slapped her arms away. She gasped when I grabbed the material in her cleavage and yanked up. Her tits bounced when they freed from their bindings. I thought the old man was going to have a stroke. She gasped again and squealed when I roughly palmed a handful of flesh.
"I mean, look at 'em! Firm and full! Man, these fuckers stand straight up!" I said. The old man's eyes were big as saucers and glued to her chest. Seconds later, there was a "zip", a tug, and my meat was out in the open and staring her in the face. I grabbed my thick wand at its base and waved it at her. "C'mon, Katherine, show this old man how much you love cock. Show him what a good little cocksucker you are," I said with a menacing tone.
She looked up at me with pleading eyes and lust in her heart. "Mark...please..." she quietly murmured.
The old man watched intently when I grabbed her behind her blonde head and pulled her forward. He stopped breathing for a moment when my swollen head slipped past her red lips and banged against the back of her mouth.
"Well, I'll be damned," the old man moaned.
I reached behind Katherine's back and grabbed the clasp of her bra. "Let's get this thing off you." The clasp smoothly fell apart at the flick of my fingers and fell to her sides. Without request, she held her arms out straight and down, allowing the lacy material to slide down her arms and onto the ground. She proceeded to grab my veiny shaft with one hand while her other mauled her own globe. Her warm, soft fingers followed her lips back and forth on my pole. It felt like she was giving me a blow job and a hand job at the same time. I nodded at the old man. "Go ahead. Grab one. She loves having her tits played with when she's sucking dick, don't you, Katherine?"
She nodded her head as best as she could. "Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmm!"
The old man looked up at me in disbelief. "Seriously?"
A wicked grin crossed my face and I nodded. "Seriously."
The old man stared at the tan flesh before him. He studied it as if it was a Picasso painting. Her breast gently swayed with each bob of her head. He slowly lifted his wrinkled hand and reached. Katherine and he both lightly moaned when his boney hand landed.
"My God," he groaned softly. He softly ran his hand around her silky smooth mounds. She squeaked when he gently tweaked an erect nipple.
"They're fuckin' awesome, aren't they? I asked.
He looked up at me starry eyed. "They're...they're magnificent."
I gripped the back of her head tighter. "C'mon, Katherine. Show him how you can deep throat. C'mon, bitch, take the whole thing," I growled. Suddenly, my balls slapped against her chin. My head flew back. "Oh fuck! Oh yeah, that's it!"
The old man watched while her throat took on the shape of my massive tool each time it dove into it. "That...that's amazing!" he said while he continued to caress her fleshy globe. I saw movement out the corner of my eye. His free hand was in his crotch. He squirmed on the bench. With a tug, he had his old peter in his hand. It was smaller and thinner than average, white and wrinkled, but impressively stiff. He slowly stroked it with one hand while he continued to paw at her chest with the other.
"Here, old man, let her take care of that," I said. I pulled her hand away from my shaft and dropped it into his lap. She felt the hardness and instinctively wrapped her hand around it. She barely had to flick her wrist to stroke it's full length, his pud was swallowed up in her palm.
"Ohhhhhh, sweet Jesus," the old man groaned at the warmth of her hand. He leaned back into the bench and closed his eyes.
It wasn't long before I grabbed her long, blonde hair and pulled her face off of the object of her infatuation.
Katherine looked up at me with questioning eyes. "Wha-wha-what? Is something wrong?"
I shook my head and chuckled. "No, nothing's wrong. There's something I want you to do."
A confused look filled her face. "Something else? Like what?"
The old man looked sad when her hand left his lap as I pulled her up to her feet. I spun her around so she was directly facing the old man with me behind her, watching his face over her shoulder. She tried to cover herself, but I brought that to an abrupt halt when I pinned her arms to her sides. He couldn't take his eyes off her firm, fleshy mounds. The sound of a zipper falling down the back of her tight skirt filled the night air when I yanked on it, followed by her deep gasp.
"What...what...stop it!" she protested, trying to grab the waistband of the skirt I was tugging to the ground.
Despite her best efforts, the skirt fell onto the ground. I wrapped my hands around her ribcage and pulled her up straight. She was left standing there in her black high heels wearing only a tiny, white g-string that matched the bra that was laying on the ground. She gasped again when I forcefully jerked the tiny bit of material down to her ankles and forced her to step out of them and her skirt.
There she stood in the cool evening air in all her beautiful, snooty glory before the old man, my arms wrapped around her waist, wearing only her high heels and a thin, finely trimmed landing strip of blonde fuzz above her glistening lips. Her arms nervously flailed about trying to cover one piece of bare skin after another. Her knees crossed over each other. She felt her face turn flush with embarrassment. She felt heat between her legs with lust.
Her head was bowed down. "Mark...please..." She leapt and gasped when I flicked at her raised clit.
"Please, what?" I whispered in her ear.
"Let...let's go. Let me get dressed and let's go," she said quietly.
I got the same reaction when I flicked her bean again. "What? Are you kidding? You're fuckin' soaked down there! Your pussy's absolutely drenched!"
"Mark...language...please," she said sternly but in a hushed tone.
I laughed. "Ha ha ha! Yeah, okay, whatever." I looked at the old man's stunned face while I held her tight. "What do you think? Beautiful, isn't she?"
He was slowly stroking himself. His eyes bounced up and down her body until they settled on my face. "Glorious. Absolutely glorious," he sighed.
I nodded my head. "Glorious! Good word. Glorious. He thinks you're body is glorious, Katherine. What do you say?"
She was still looking at the ground. "Th-th-thank you."
I nudged her forward. "Wanna see how wet she is? Go ahead, see how wet she is for yourself."
Her toes where touching his shoes. "Mark...please...don't..."
I nodded. "Go ahead. Touch her. She loves having strangers touch her pussy. Don't you, Katherine?" She tilted her head and said nothing.
Katherine bit her lip and watched the old man slowly raise his hand out the corner of her eye. She gasped and closed her eyes when his finger touched her swollen, pink lips. She kept them closed while he ran his finger along her slit. He gently brushed across her raised kernel.
He looked up at me wide eyed. "It's so hot. And wet," he quietly observed.
I nodded. "Go ahead. Slip a finger in. Hell, slide two in."
"Mark...please...(gasp)"
The old man slowly pumped two fingers in and out of her gash. "My God," he moaned. "I can feel her squeezing my fingers!"
I grinned. "She can't help herself. She loves showing off for strangers."
"That...that's not true," she whispered.
"Lying cunt," I hissed in her ear. "You're about to cum just from his fingers."
She shook her head. "No. It...it's not true."
I nodded at the old man. "C'mon, let her suck your fingers clean. She loves the taste of herself. Isn't that true, Katherine?" No response. "Go ahead, then we'll kick it up a notch."
The old man's fingers glistened in the dim lamplight when he pulled them out from between her legs. He lifted them to her face and she took them in. He felt her tongue roll around them while she sucked on them like a melting popsicle, imagining what it must be like to have his pole between her lips instead of his fingers. A few moments later, he pulled them out of her mouth with a pop.
"Tell you what, old man. How would you like for her to give you a blow job, huh? How would you like for her to suck your dick just like she was mine?"
Katherine's head spun around. The old man's jaw dropped.
"Seriously? He asked.
"What?!" Katherine croaked.
"Yeah, sure. How about it, old man?" He couldn't speak. "C'mon, Katherine, tell him how badly you want to suck his cock."
She turned her head to me. "Mark...please..."
I put my lips to her ear. "I'll give you a good, hard fuck while you're sucking his dick."
The words sent a chill up her spine.I can't believe I want him to have sex with me! Right here! While I'm orally pleasing this man! In the middle of the park! But I do! God help me, I do! Maybe I am the slut Jenny said I was!
I lightly elbowed her in the back. "Go ahead. Tell him. Ask him if he wants to you suck his cock while I fuck your hole."
She paused for a moment and collected her thoughts before she looked into the old man's stunned face. "Would...would like for me to pleasure you orally, sir?" she asked flatly.
I lightly smacked her on the side of her swimming head. "Nooooooo, say it right. Say it right or I swear to God, you won't cum tonight."
"Yes! Yes. I'm sorry."God, I'll do anything if it means Mark bringing me to orgasm tonight!She took a deep breath. Her body language changed. I felt her relax in my arms. She looked back at the man with those fuck-me eyes. "Would you...would you like for me to...to give you a blow job? Would you like for me to suck your big, fat cock? How would you like for me to do that while Mark fucks me with his big, fat, beautiful cock? Huh? Would you like that?" she asked in a breathy, husky voice.Was that me? Did I just say those words? Am I truly that infatuated with Mark's member that I'll say such vile things to this stranger? Oh my God! I am!I almost shot my load onto her back.
I watched the man's heart stop beating. He finally caught his breath and barely got out, "Yes...yes, please."
She smiled back at him. Her eyes sparkled. "Oh, good. I was hoping you would say that."
His eyes followed her head down into his lap. He felt her hot breath rush across the wrinkled tip of his aged tool. He felt the moist heat of her mouth surround him. His head snapped back when her soft lips clamped down on his shaft at its base.
"Oh holy Mother of God!" he sighed. In a moment of muscle memory, his hands went to the back of her quickly bobbing head and rested there.
I grabbed her hips and slid between her legs, which she quickly spread even furth apart. She squeaked at the touch of my tip to her aching snatch and hummed around the old man when I slid it along her length.
"I promised her a good, hard fuck and I'm a man of my word." I leaned down. "Katherine, do you want me to fuck you? Huh? Do you want me to fuck your sloppy little cunt?"
Her head nodded while it bobbed. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
I grabbed my thick shaft and held it steady. She chirped when the bulbous head penetrated her velvety folds. I paused and smiled at the old man, just before I through my hips forward fast and hard. He grunted when the top of her head buried into his stomach.
Her head flew out of his lap. "Oh God!" she barked.
I grabbed the back of her head and shoved it back into his lap. "Who the fuck told you to stop sucking, slut?!" She easily swallowed him whole again. I grabbed her sexy hips and was soon abusing her snatch fast and hard while the stranger reached under and molested her chest.
Her core muscles were already beginning to show signs of life when the old man had two fingers slicing through her gash. It wasn't long before they were spasming wildly around my wood. I threw my hips forward harder and faster.
"C'mon, slut, cum for me! Let's hear you cum with two cocks fucking you from both ends! C'mon, you fucking, cunt, cum for us!"
She squealed when the ld man pinch and tugged her erect nipples down. Her head snapped out of his lap.
"Oh my God! You're fucking me so hard! You're both fucking me so good! I'm going to orgasm!"
I slapped her head. "You're going to what?!"
"Cum! Cum! I'm going to cum! Ohmagawd, yes! Oh God! Oh God!"
I shoved her head back into the old man's lap. "Goddammit! What did I tell you, you rude fucking bitch! Suck this man's cock!"
Her legs began to tremble when she took him back in.
"Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmggggggg!" she hummed around his tiny tool. Twin lightning bolts raced up her sexy thighs and crashed into her cunt. It felt like an atom bomb exploding. Maybe it was the fact that she was getting plowed from both ends in the middle of a public park on a crisp, cool night but she couldn't remember an orgasm like this one. A thunderstorm rolled through her like a stampede of a thousand stallions. Her body spasmed out of control around the two pistons that were gliding in and out of her levitating body. Every nerve ending was on fire.
When the thumping around my muscle slowed, I pulled out. I could see the veins around my snake pulse with life. Her head continued to bounce in the old man's lap.
I smiled down at the man's sweat covered face. ""Hey, watch this. She loves taking a big, fat cock up the ass. Loves it!"
Her head popped up again. This time it turned to peer at me. "Wait...what?!"
"Seriously? She can...you know...take that in her ass?" he asked stunned.
I nodded and chuckled. "Oh-ho-ho yeah! She fuckin' loves it!" She yelped when I slapped her heart-shaped ass. "Go on, tell him what you really want. Tell him what you really love. Say it! Or, I swear to God, you'll never cum again."
paused and bit her bottom lip. The feeling of my thick head rubbing her forbidden gate was making her crazy.
"I...I...I love it when...when...when he fucks...my ass. I love it when he fucks my ass," she said quietly.
"What was that? I didn't hear you." I pressed forward. The very tip slipped in.
"Oh God!" she barked at thought of my beast slipping inside her.It's true! It really is true! I love it when he's inside my ass!"Yes! Yes! God forgive me, yes! I love it when he fucks my ass! I love it when he fucks my ass with his big, fat cock!"
The old man's jaw dropped. I leaned in. She squealed when my purple head slipped past her sphincter. A low, long, animalistic growl slipped through her lips while I pushed forward.
When my hips landed on hers, she barked, "Oh God! Oh my God! Ohhhhh God!"
I rested there leaning against her. I was completely inside her. "Jesus Christ, Katherine. Your ass is still so fucking tight! As many times as I've fucked it, it's still so fucking tight!"
"It's because you're so big! Ohmagawd, you're so big!"
I grabbed her hips tight, pulled back until I almost slipped out, then threw my hips forward as hard as I could. The sound of skin slapping skin echoed off the trees. I pulled back and did it again.
"Oh SHIT! Ohmagawd, you bastard!" she growled.
"Ha ha ha! You fuckin' love it!" I paused. "Go ahead and tell the man. Tell him you really do love my cock up your ass!"
She was catching her breath. "I...I...I do. God help me, I do," she groaned.
I gripped her head and twisted it back down. "You've got a cock staring you in the face. What're you supposed to be doing, slut?"
"Yes! Yes! I'm sorry! I'm supposed to be sucking-gggggggghhhhh..." I shoved back into the man's lap.
Apparently, the sight of me disappearing into her ass was too much for the old man. He gripped the bench of the seat tight. His teeth clenched. His body began to rock. "Mother, Mary, and Joseph! I'm cumming! She's gonna make me cum! Oh God!"
"That's it! Shoot that shit down this bitch's throat!" I shoved down on the back of her head and held it there. "And don't you spill a fucking drop!"
The man's body shuddered. "Oh God! Oh gggggaaaahhhhhkkkkkk!"
Katherine choked when the man's thick, stale spunk sprayed into her throat while I held her head down. I couldn't help but wonder how long it had been since the old man had shot a load into a woman's skull. By the look on his face, he was enjoying it.
When the man stopped calling out for heavenly intervention and his body slumped into the bench, I released Katherine's head from my grip. Her head shot up from his groin like it was spring loaded, coughing and gasping for air. Gravity pulled a mixture of drool and cum from her mouth into his lap when she gasped for air. Her face still hovered over his lap while I continued to assault her from behind.
Her muscles never really did cease twitching, even after her orgasm. I could feel her spasms beginning to build again. Her breathing was growing more labored. I dug into her hips and pumped harder.
"Jesus Christ, Katherine! You're about to cum again, aren't you, you fuckin' slut?" I chided.
"I...I..." she panted. I reached around and flicked at her vibrating clit. Her back stiffened. "Oh shit!" I flicked at it again. "Ohmagawd!" Another flick, then I pressed down on it. It was like pressing a launch button. "OH MY GAWD!" she screamed. "Oh yes! Oh yes! Fuck my tight little ass with that huge, fucking cock! Don't you fucking stop! Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd! Gah! Gah! Gggaaahhhhhh!"
Her body visibly trembled with a violent orgasm. The old man continued to tweak her swaying tits while an Oklahoma twister tore through her taut, tiny body. She bowed her head and arched her back while she cursed the heavens while she begged for holy forgiveness. Her mind went blank.
Between watching the old man blow his first load in God knows how many years, and Katherines mighty muscles squeezing my own mighty muscle, I'd reaching my climax.
"You ready for this, Katherine? Huh? You ready for this? You ready to take my load straight up your tight little ass? Huh?"
She nodded her head and looked back at me over her shoulder. "Yes! Yes! Mark yes, please give it to me! Please fill my tight little ass with your thick cum!"Oh yeah, I've trained her well!
My hips started to stutter. "Oh yeah! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh yeah! Oh fuck! Here it comes! Oh fuck! Cumming! Cumming! Cummmgggguuuugggghhhhh!"
My thick muscle throbbed deep inside her ass. She felt like the warmth was dumping straight into her stomach. Each throb sent a new load of thick jizz up stream. I moaned and groaned and cursed her tight ass while she squeezed it, trying to coax every drop out of it.
Once my balls stopped contracting, I paused to catch my breath. When I finally pulled out, a thick stream of white poured out of her gaped hole and streaked down the insides of her thighs. She immediately fell to her knees and tipped her head.
I stepped to the side. "Katherine, what did I tell you? I told you not to spill a fucking drop! Look at the mess you've made in the poor man's crotch!"
She looked at the stain and fluids just below her face. "Oh my goodness! I'm so sorry! Here, let me clean that up for you," she said panting.
The man shuddered when she grabbed his shrunken shaft and lifted it. Her face dove in and, suddenly, he felt her tongue lapping at his balls and shaft.
The man snapped to attention. "Oh Jesus Christ!" he bellowed.
Katherine finally pulled her face out of the darkness. She stared at the man with a wicked look and slowly ran her tongue around her lips. She lifted her hand to her face, ran her finger up her chin, and stuck it between her grinning lips. It came out with a 'pop'.
"Mmmmmmmm," she purred.
"Holy shit," the old man muttered
I looked at the old man. His face was red and sweaty. I looked down at Katherine. Her hair was sexily matted to her head and back. Her body glistened in the moonlight with droplets of moisture.
"That was fucking awesome," I squeezed out of my heaving chest. "Good job, Katherine."
"That...that...that was incredible," the old man creaked.
The reality of what just happened hit Katherine. "T-t-thank you," she said, not looking up from the pavement.
I grabbed Katherine under her arm and helped her to her wobbly legs, spun her around, and pressed her in the back until she bent over. Her ass was staring the man in his face.
"Hey!" Katherine protested.
I grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them apart. "Look at that gape! Man, you ever seen anything like that?!"
The old man's jaw dropped. "Uh...uh..."
"Mark!" Katherine cried out. The sound of flesh-on-flesh cut through the night air when I left a hand print on her ass. "Ow!" she yiped.
"She loves having her ass spanked," I said to the old man. CRACK! YIPE! "Go ahead. Spank that sweet ass!" The old man raised his hand. CRACK! YIPE! "Do it again!" CRACK! YIPE!
"Stop it!" She shot out from under my hand.
"Incredible," the old man quietly observed.
"You love it! Don't act like you don't."
"No, I don't!"The tingling of the contact and heat from the friction on my delicate skin is surprisingly stimulating! I wonder if I could get Darren to spank me? No, he'd never do it. Only Mark. Damn him!
"C'mon, Katherine, I think we've accomplished our task today." I tucked my python back into his cage and zipped up while Katherine gathered her clothes off the ground. I grabbed the tiny, white g-string off the ground and tossed it into the old man's lap. "Here you go, old timer. A souvenir."
"Hey! Those go with my brazier! They're a matching set!" she protested.
I snatched the bra out of her hand and tossed it to the old man, as well. He snapped back when it smacked him in the chest and fell into his still exposed lap.
"Here ya go. They're a matching set," I said with a mischievous grin and plenty of sarcasm.
Katherine's sore jaw dropped. "Excuse me! Those are expensive!"
I waved a dismissive hand at her. "Jesus Christ! It's fucking underwear! I'll buy you a new pair."
"Fine," she huffed as she slid into her tight skirt.
Katherine had barely slipped her shirt over her shoulders when a couple holding hands rounded the gentle bend in the path. She snapped around and nervously tried to button the shirt back up before the couple noticed. The old man covered his genitals and sat still. He and I nodded at the couple as they walked past. The man hand a quizzical look on his face and did a couple quick glances over his shoulder as they walked away.
"That was close!' I chuckled. The old man joined in.
"Too close!" Katherine barked as she finished the last button. "What if they had arrived two minutes earlier?"
"They would've seen me fucking your ass then, wouldn't they have?" I said sarcastically.
Katherine stared at me. "Rude! Language!" She paused. "You're such a bastard sometimes."
"A bastard with a fat cock you love having shoved up your ass."
She gasped. "Mark! Language! Please!"
I looked at the old man with a smile and pointed at Katherine. "See what I have to deal with?"
The old man nodded. "You're a lucky man," he said sincerely.
"Yeah I am! All I have to do is fuck her. Her husband has to live her, poor bastard."
"Mark! Please don't speak of Darren that way."
"Husband? You two aren't...married?"
I shook my head. "Hell, no! We work together."
His eyebrows raised. "Work together?!"
I nodded. "Oh yeah. When she's not sucking my dick under the desk, I'm fondling those fabulous fucking tits."
Katherine almost stroked out. "Mark! Please! Oh my God!" She looked at the old man with pleading eyes. "That's not true. Don't listen to him. It's simply not true."
"Why are you fuckin' lying, Katherine? How many times have you smoked my pole in the office? How many times have I jizzed on your tits?"
Her jaw dropped. "I...I...it..."
I looked back at the old man's shocked face. "More times than I can count. You have no idea. The woman can't get enough cock."
"OH MY GAWD!" she screeched. "Mark! Please!"
I laughed and held my hand up. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry. Settle down. But, c'mon, you were lying to the man. C'mon."
Her entire body clenched. She stared at the man through slits. "Yes. It's true. We've had intercourse at the office. I'm sorry. It wasn't my intention to lie to you."
"Uh...uh...it...it's fine," the old man stuttered.
She stared back at me. "Happy now?"
I grabbed her hand and tugged her to my side. "I think we're done here." I looked back at the old man. "Thank you for your time."
"Yes! Thank you for hearing my testimony and allowing me...us...to advance to the next step in our recovery."
She's thanking me?!"Uh, yeah, uh, sure. And, uh, thank you for sharing your, you know, uh, with me."
Katherine beamed. "You're welcome!"
I winked at him. "Told ya you wouldn't regret it."
"You damn sure did! You're a man of your word!"
I nodded. "I damn sure am." I turned to Katherine. "What do you think? Ready to go home?"
"Yes, I believe so. I need to get home before Darren thinks something happened to me."Something did happen to you, you dumb cunt! You just got fucked while you sucked some random dude's cock!
The old man watched us walk away. He couldn't help but notice the white streak running down the inside of Katherine's thighs. He thought he might have to visit the park more often.
Katherine was perturbed at the clothing situation she found herself in. "How will I explain not having any under garments on to Darren when he sees me?"
"Pppssshhh. Like he'll even notice. Not that I give a shit one way or the other."
"You're such an ass!"An ass with a huge, beautiful cock! (gasp) I've become so comfortable with that vile word! How is that possible?!
I shrugged my shoulders. "And yet, here we are, with you sans underwear." Katherine clenched her jaw and said nothing as we walked down the path.
When we got to our cars, Katherine asked, "So, um, what...what exactly is the next step in the process?"I hope he doesn't notice I want him! Or, not so much him as what he provides! I'd let him take me again right here, right now if he asked! I don't think this program is working. Quite the opposite. It's only making my infatuation worse! But I must keep trying, for Mark's sake as well as Darren's.
Listen to her! She can't wait to get stuffed again! She's practically drooling!I grabbed the door handle to my truck. "I dunno. I'll have to look and see. I'll let you know Monday at the office. Have a good weekend, Katherine."I wonder if she'll fuck Darren this weekend thinking about me?I was amused at the thought of Miss Prude Katherine having her boring missionary sex thinking about me having her bent over while she's sucking on an old man's shriveled cock in the middle of a public park.
"Yes, please do. You have a good weekend, as well," she said flatly.I won't be able to sleep this weekend! The suspense will be killing me! I just might have to have intercourse with Darren to get me through it! But he doesn't make me feel the way Mark does! God help me, what am I going to do?!