Chapter 6
The moments after I saw Amanda were a blur. I don't remember what I said, or even leading her inside. When I stepped into the driveway, I'd been close to sleep and empty, but seeing her made my heart pound. I was excited, of course, but terrified. I didn't want to drive her away.
She sat on my couch with her fingers interlaced around her knee. I brought her a mug of hot cocoa, and she wrapped herself in a thick wool blanket.
I stared at her as she sipped. Deep pouches ran under her bloodshot eyes, and her hair was unkempt, haphazardly thrown into a loose bun. She looked around the room, curious about the smashed tv and the mess, but she kept her lips pursed and contemplating.
"It's really good to see you again," I tried. I sat on the couch next to her, but kept my distance.
"Charlie," she said, her voice tinny and distant, "Every day is exactly the same. I'm so tired all the time. I'm losing my goddamn mind."
Helpful words didn't come to me, so I kept on looking at her. I tried to look as solemn as I could, my face full and understanding.
"I can't do anything productive," she said, "I've cleaned my house, cut my hair, left town; no matter what, everything goes back, exactly the way it was before."
Amanda took another gentle sip, but as she finished, her eyes glanced over at me. The cocoa left a residue mustache above her lips, and her eyebrows were raised, "How long," she asked, "Have you been living like this?"
I took my time responding. I thought for a moment, but also watched. I saw the way she shielded her face behind the mug, and how high she raised her eyebrow. I saw the concern in her eye and knew for the first time she was truly considering that this was my reality.
"It's been at least a decade," I said.
Amanda hid behind her palm and I took a moment to inch closer. I slid onto the couch and wrapped an arm around her shoulder. She kept her head down, her hair draping over her forehead, and I brought my voice to a whisper, "Amanda," I said, "I'm sorry. You deserved the whole truth."
She took her time looking back up in me, but her eyes were just as red as the moment I first saw her.
"There are countless others trapped, just like you and me," I said, "Everyone's stuck living the same day over, and over, and over, and the only way out is to finish. I'm sorry, but Amanda, I did mean everything I said."
She kept her hands to herself, but for just a moment I thought she leaned a little bit closer towards me. "I've had the biggest crush on you, literally for as long as I can remember," I said, "I meant every word of that, and I was absolutely terrified of ever telling you. That's why I took so long."
Amanda looked away again, and swatted a loose piece of hair from her eyes. When she spoke, her lips barely moved and the sound came out muted, but I heard every word, "I meant what I said too."
I gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze tighter to my chest, and tried to find my next words. I took my time, listening to her breathes and hearing the gentle buzz of something in the distance. When I looked down, I saw the back of her head and couldn't stop myself from burying my chin into her hair.
"Adjusting is hard," I said slowly, "But I do want us to be together, or at least try, just know, I need to keep moving forward. It's literally the only way."
Her head shook gently under my chin, "That means more girls?"
The only answer I could find was a gentle nod.
Her voice had gone stoic when she spoke again, "We can try."
"Amanda," I said softly, "I'll be there for you, every single day. As long as we're together, it's always a new day right?"
She still didn't answer so I gave her shoulder a jostle, like a car hitting a pothole.
The two of us sat in silence, while my mind searched desperately for something to say, anything. "I can say I'm sorry again," I finally decided, "I'm sorry. It sucks that we all have to live like this."
Amanda cut me off, "How long did it take you to adjust?"
"What do you me-"
"To all of this," she asked, "knowing that any new relationship is meaningless, every conversation forgotten. No progress ever. How does that ever become normal? When did you stop feeling so goddamn crazy?"
I leaned back against the couch and our shoulders separated. She turned slightly to see where the pressure had gone, but looked away just as quickly. I took a deep breath, and thought about reaching out to stroke her back but stopped my hand. "After craziness," I sighed, "Comes derealization. I literally spent two years going through life in motions. I was suicidal, but suicide just woke me back up. I didn't have a single meaningful relationship, no one who ever remembered my words for two whole years."
She leaned forward from the couch, her torso as far away from me as she could get.
"But you're not alone," I said. I tried to make my voice as soft as possible, "For starters I'm here, I have friends that I'm sure would take you in, talk to you. I know there's whole groups of people in the loop. You don't have to be alone."
She sat back against the couch and I felt the pressure of her shoulder blades on my forearm.
"And tomorrow," I continued, "We'll do something special. Anything you want. Besides, we always take a day off after we-"
I stopped myself. My mouth hung open for just a moment as I regathered my thoughts. "Amanda," I said, "In the interest of being totally honest about everything, I was with someone before I came here. I've been miserable all month, but the other girls told me I had to move on, and she was the first person I was with since you."
Amanda's gaze remained locked forward, her eyes glossy and indifferent, "I know," she muttered, "I could smell it the second you walked in."
I scootched along the couch for comfort and brought myself closer. "Are you ok with that?" I asked.
She still wouldn't look at me, "It's not like I have a choice."
"We'll take tomorrow," I said, "Just you and I. We'll figure everything out, do whatever the hell we want to-"
"I know you have to keep moving forward," Amanda interrupted. She opened her mouth to speak again, but it closed and she settled back into my arms.
I couldn't stop the yawn from coming. The yawn turned into a stretch and my hand shot out above my head.
"Sorry," I said again, "I'm exhausted. It's been a long-"
"I get it," Amanda said, and she started to stand from the couch.
"Amanda," I said, barely catching her hand, "You can sleep here. With me."
Our hands were locked together, but her eyes were sullen, staring at me. "I promise you'll get home safe," I laughed, and it was enough to force a hint of a smile.
We made our way across the house together and climbed into my bed. I was still fluffing the pillows by the time I felt her arm across my torso. My head had barely touched the pillow when my eyelids started to shut by themselves.
I thought about saying something,I love you, It's great to see you again, something like that, but everything was still on a knife's edge, and I didn't want to risk breaking the silence.
I was out quickly, but Amanda stayed awake. She kept her hand on my chest, feeling every time I inhaled and exhaled, listened to the soft way I snored.Maybe it's not so bad, she thought,I'm with Charlie. I get to live a little longer. Things could be worse.
Her shoulders did a little shimmy as she got herself more comfortable. She let her eyelids start to fall as she listened to my arhythmic breathing, then suddenly it was morning.
Amanda bolted awake. She was alone in her own bed. Her room was a mess, filled with piles of clothes that needed a wash, and when she looked to where her hand was resting, it was only her bed. She looked around the room, and all her self talk went by the wayside. She couldn't stop herself from crying.
Chapter 7
For a moment everything had gone back to normal. Chrissy, Alley, Ginger and I all gathered around my kitchen table to work out the game plan. The only difference was Amanda, keeping her distance as she nursed her coffee, and Amber, watching everything with curious eyes.
"You're really going after a high schooler?" She asked.
"Yeah," I said, "there's fourteen or so that turned 18 already. It's gotta be done."
"But won't," Amber said, taking just a moment to consider her words, "won't that seem super creepy?"
It was Chrissy's turn to talk, "Maybe not," she said, "we're going after Hannah McKelson, captain of the cheer team. By all accounts, she's super materialistic, 18 but has her father wrapped around her little finger."
Amber snorted, taking the time to look around the disheveled house, "and what, exactly, do you think you have to offer?"
"Everything resets," I said. I took a step closer towards the table and rested my hand on the map, "money too. Ginger, you can buy that Paradox right?"
She nodded, already out the door, "And Chrissy, you can get the mansion ready, make it look lived in, right?"
She nodded and Amber looked around the small council.
"Then for you two," I said, eyes bouncing between Alley and Amber, "I need a makeover too, I need to look wealthy, like a sugar daddy or something. Her cheer tryouts end at 1:30, we've only got a couple hours, let's move."
Chrissy was already shuffling around my house, pulling framed photographs.
"There's a mansion?" Amber asked, but Alley was already running her fingers through my hair, testing the thickness.
"Kind of," I said, "It's hard to buy a mansion in a single day, but we found one out by the country club. The owners are on vacation today and we know where they keep the spare key. All we have to do is get it decorated, get rid of all their pictures, and we've got a fully furnished mansion. Movie theater, pool, the whole 9 yards."
Amber joined Alley and took a closer look at my hair. "That's incredible," she said, "you're gonna have to show me where that is one day."
"Gladly," I laughed.
Alley rested her palm on my chin, rocking my head side to side just to get a view of sideburns. "We'll need a trim for sure," she said, "probably add a touch of grey just to make you look a little older."
"What about clothes?" Amber asked, "Don't you want a suit or something?"
I stood from the chair and reached for a sweatshirt. "Chrissy's already on it," I said, "part of prepping the mansion is filling it with clothes that fit me, and my sizes haven't changed in a while."
The two followed me as we left the house and started towards my car.
"What about the approach though?" Amber asked as she took the seat next to me, "I mean you're not just going to walk up to her and say look at my car, right?"
Alley held the door while she answered, "that's the beautiful thing. Hannah doesn't have a ride home today. She goes straight out to the parking lot because her friend is supposed to take her home. Charlie will be waiting. She'll know he's there for pussy, and she'll see the car and be a-ok with that."
The door shut with a clunk and I started the engine.
"That's the hope," I said, "and Chrissy seems pretty convinced in the scouting she's done."
The three of us were off and I wove through the same traffic I'd seen a thousand times before.
"I've got a stylist," I mumbled, half trying to make conversation, half focused on the road, "she's in the loop too. I called her this morning and she'll get me right in."
The drive across town passed quickly and I parked in front of a small salon, the only vibrant sign in the strip mall. The three of us entered and were quickly greeted by Sierra. The tied her apron on as she gave Alley and I a half hug.
"Thanks for doing this," I said. I took the time to survey the small salon, glancing at the dozen or so women scattered throughout.
"Of course," the stylist said with a genuine smile, "it's always a nice change of pace, take a break from everything you know?"
She whisked me off towards a chair and ran her bandaged finger through my shaggy hair. "So what we're you three thinking today?"
"Sugar daddy," Amber said earnestly.
Sierra stifled a small laugh but took a closer look, checking behind my hair. "That could work," she muttered. She grabbed a strand and measured it out in her fingers.
"What did you mean," Amber started, "by taking a break?"
I dipped my head back in the wash basin and felt the scalding water bottle wash through my hair. I kept my eyes closed, my face straight up, but I spoke to Amber, "Not everyone hates the timeloop. In fact, there's a whole group of girls that really love living without consequences. Spend every penny every single day. Try things you'd never do in a million years, and sex with no risk and no strings attached. It really works for some."
"But you've got to take breaks," Sierra said. Her eyes were level with the top of my hair as she worked to make the first cut, "if you just go crazy every single day, life kinda just becomes meaningless."
Sierra worked the layering sheers across my hair, pulling clumps with it. She worked to form my sideburns down towards a more professional look.
"Think of it this way," Sierra said. Her hand swung when she spoke, holding out the come like a laser pointer, "Money literally doesn't matter. While you sit here waiting on Charlie, you could get your nails done, get a massage. You could get your own hair done. It might be a nice way to pamper yourself, right? But if you do it every day, it's not pampering anymore, and no matter what you do, it's just gonna reset, right?"
Amber took her time dipping her toes into an aquaponics tub. The little jets started working, and her eyes rolled back in bliss. "Still," she said, her voice a cat's purr, "I could get used to this."
Sierra stepped in front of me, and for a moment all I saw was her black apron. "You guys wanted a little grey, right?"
I agreed and Alley nodded behind her magazine. The stylist stepped back behind my head, and started pulling strands of hair into tiny pigtails.
"If you want," I said, feeling a gentle tug to bring my head back, "I can get you in touch with some of those women. They'd love to have some fun with someone else."
Amber was still rolling her feet around the massager, and her voice was still a whisper, "I might just have to take you up on that."
When the salon's door opened again, Ginger stepped through, twirling a key around her finger. I opened my eyes slowly, careful to keep the hair from my eyes, and saw the faab, midair as she tossed it towards me.
I tried to grab it from underneath the barber sheet, and it bounced to the floor with a light laugh.
"That car," Ginger crooned, "Is absolutely going to work. Like holy shit. And once I was behind the wheel, Jesus, I swear I hit 250."
Alley grabbed the keys but was already looking back at me, so laser focused on the mission. "Anything from Chrissy? We've only got an hour and a half."
Ginger reached for her phone, "Yeah," she said, half focused as she scrolled through the messages, "She said she's on her way."
"Good," Alley said, "Your clothes look like shit."
It was Sierra's turn to smile, "Your hair looks nice though."
I took a moment, admiring her work in the mirror. If I wasn't as familiar as I was with my June 16th reflection, I might not have recognized my face at all. Something about the hint of grey added an extra ten years, and the way she layered my sideburns made it look like my life was far more together than it actually was.
"Seriously that car," Ginger went on, "I mean, I wanted to fuck myself driving around in that thing."
I stifled a laugh, and shot Amber a glance, mouthing, "She's still high."
Sierra finished dusting the hair from the back of my neck. I'd barely stood from the stool when Chrissy came in, holding a suit high above her head, careful to keep it from dragging.
I changed quickly and the five followed me out to the parking lot. The car was easy to find, because it didn't belong. The paint was a glossy black, but the angles over the rear wheel wells looked like they belonged in a space-ship. The engine sat at the back of the chassis, a W-16 with a see-through glass cover. I peeked through the driver's window and saw the red-stitched, black leather racing seats, and couldn't stop my eyes from going wide.
"Make sure you get used to it," Ginger said. She took a slow loop, running her finger around the car's body. She stared as she walked, taking in every detail, every perfect fitting sheet of metal, "It'll jump on you with all that power. There's nothing less sexy than a man in a supercar that can't drive a supercar."
I pulled the hand latch, and the butterfly door swung up past my head. I had to duck to fit in, before flexing my fingers on the steering wheel.
Amber finished a lap, and stopped at the passenger side. "Can I-" she asked softly, "Can I ride along for a little bit?"
I reached across the center console and flipped open the passenger door, "Be my guest."
She took her seat with eager eyes. Her head jerked around as she took in the interior. The car smelled the same way all new cars did, just more premium. The leather finer, the marbled dashboard hand sculpted from mahogany.
"You ready?"
Amber gave a nervous nod, and the doors swung shut. I flexed my fingers one last time on the wheel, mentally preparing myself, then hit the accelerator. I barely saw the way Amber was thrown back in her seat, but I felt the acceleration. My face melt flush and hot, and my eyes started to water.
I rolled the car to a slow stop and gave Amber a laughing look.
"Holy shit," she giggled, "Do it again."
We pulled past the stop sign, and I floored it. The trees outside became a blur and I couldn't pull my head off the backrest if I tried. We drove until my white knuckles started to relax, and the nervous laughter died down.
"So there are seriously people," Amber said softly, "That live like this every single day, doing whatever they want, spending as much money as they want?"
I nodded.
"Charlie," she said, "I'll help out when you need me. I won't abandon you or anything, but if I'm gonna be here for awhile, I'm gonna enjoy my time. Seriously. Can you get me in touch with some of those girls you were talking about?"
I pulled the car to a gentle stop and gave her a half smile. "Of course," I said, "You've already helped a ton, you deserve to go be happy."
I looked back towards the road and saw the high school football field in the distance.
"For now though," I said, "I've got to go alone."
Amber stepped out slowly, but kept admiring the car. She watched as I drove away, wishing she were driving.
I pulled into the parking lot almost five minutes early. I glanced over at the football field and saw a few dozen girls finishing up their tryouts, but I turned the gaze back towards my mirror. I had to make sure I looked as cleaned up as possible, completely believable that I was a sugar daddy.
I saw the hint of gray and fixed a few loose strands. I played with my sunglasses, sliding them up the bridge of my nose and checking my tired eyes. By the time I looked back, Hannah was already waiting.
She stood with her gym bag at her feet. She wore spandex shorts that barely covered her ass, while her hip jutted out to one side. She only wore a black sports bra, and her hands were high above her head, fixing her ponytail, while her eyes were locked on the car.
I tried my best to appear confident and suave. I gave her a slow glance, then looked away, pretending she wasn't worth my time.
She took a casual step forward. Her olive skin glistened with sweat, and she brought down her arms as she looked at the car. I turned back, slowly and controlled, and she found my eyes.
"Nice car," she said. There was a confidence in her voice, an entitlement, and I took that for approval.
"You want a ride?"
Hannah looked side to side. She was looking for people, daring them to judge her.
"I do."
I reached back across the cab and opened the butterfly door. She circled the car with a stroll. She stared at every crevice, checked every curve, then finally slid into the seat next to me.
I didn't need to nervously flex my fingers this time. I looked over at her, my eyes shaded, and spoke as confidently as I could, "You ready?"
We must have hit eighty by the time we left the parking lot. I merged with a controlled turn, and confidently wove through traffic. Hannah gave an excited laugh, and the two of us started away from Custer City.
We found ourselves on an empty country road, probably driving one-fifty, but it was enough of a lull for Hannah to start talking.
"Hannah, by the way," she said, "Hannah McKelson."
I repeated her name slowly, like I was tasting the syllables. "So," I finally said, "Tell me about yourself Hannah McKelson."
She raised her hands again to fix her hair. She tried to always seem confident, but it was a nervous tick that cracked her façade. I gave her a quick glance, and saw her young, muscular curves. The way her armpit merged with her sweaty breast, and she gave a nervous laugh.
"One last year of high school," she finally said, "Captain of the cheer team, then who knows."
I looked back towards the road and let off the accelerator. Hannah took a deep breath and it was clear she was just getting started.
"Today though," she said, her words quickening, "Is a good ass day. Both my parents are out of the house, so I have it all to myself. Absolutely nothing going on now that tryouts are done, and I can go do whatever the fuck I want."
I gave her a gentle nod, encouraging her to go on.
"I get so caught up in the drama," she said, "So yesterday was Bella's birthday and we were supposed to all go out to her favorite restaurant, but Rayna and her boyfriend just broke up, and she was crying, I mean, full on ugly crying, so me and Rebecca were all like we need to be there for her, but Bella took it personally, and said we weren't friends anymore, and said that one girl being sad shouldn't poop the party for everyone else and you know what-"
I let Hannah talk. She slipped into the high school drama as easily as I woke up at 6:13 in the morning.
"And then there's Tara," Hannah sighed, "Who we all know fucked Brian last month and thinks because she did that she automatically gets to be co-captain. Brian's the coach's kid. I don't remember if I said that. But I'm like bitch-"
I let her keep talking until the high school drama became grating nails on a chalkboard. I grit my teeth and tried to keep listening, but the headache got too strong, and I finally glanced over at her.
"Hannah," I said, "Do you wanna drive?"
Her mouth hung open for a moment, like she didn't believe the question.
"Seriously," I said, "You wanna drive for a little bit?"
She rocked her jaw, back and forth, considering. She was still twinkling with sweat, but another nervous heat flash ran over her.
"I tell you what," I said. I reached out and started typing on the center screen. I tried my best to hit buttons confidently and mask that it was my first time working the GPS, but I found the mansion's address. "Take me home."
I didn't wait for her answer. I stepped free from the car and started walking towards the passenger door. I opened it for her and took her hand.
She took a handful of nervous steps towards the driver's seat, and her false bravado started to wear thin. By the time she placed her hands on the wheel, I saw the way her fingers trembled.
"You sure?" she asked again, half to herself.
I forced a big fake laugh, "It's insured."
That seemed to be the magic phrase for a spoiled, rich girl. Her hand shot out and started fixing the mirror. She glanced out the window, checking for traffic, then merged at the speed of a rocket.
Her driving was jerky at first, but I held out a calming hand. "You'll get it," I said, "Just takes practice."
My words came to fruition. Less than five minutes later her driving had turned smooth and we were headed back towards the mansion. I rested my head against the neck rest and closed my eyes. I took a moment to smirk, reveling in my genius. She was so focused on driving, the car had fallen silent.
Every time I saw the mansion I got a fresh sense of awe. It overlooked a pair of mountains, but the building was formidable in its own right. It sprawled for nearly a kilometer, encompassing a pool, a tennis court, a separate garage, and a house just for guests.
Hannah's jaw fell again as she pulled into a nervous park. "Holy shit," she sighed, her eyes wide as she stared up at the building, "You really live here?"
"I really do," I lied.
I circled the car and started towards the front door. She clutched for her bag, then jogged to catch up. I tested the door, just to be sure Chrissy left it unlocked, then stepped into the grand atrium. A marble staircase ascended off towards the left and a cascading chandelier spanned almost two stories.
I led Hannah towards the kitchen, and my eyes went wide when I saw Chrissy. She was still scrubbing the island, when she saw me.
"Oh hi," Hannah said nervously.
Chrissy saved me from fumbling. She put on a warm smile and gave Hannah a handshake. "Personal chef," she said, "Anything you two want, I'll make. I might have to run to the store if you get too crazy, but I'll get it done."
Hannah withdrew and turned to look at me.
"Do you," she started, her voice so quiet only I could hear, "Do you have a shower?"
"Follow me."
The two of us started up the grand staircase, but I heard her footsteps stop. I turned and saw her looking through the glass wall, out towards the pool. "Is that," she stammered, "Is that your pool?"
I took a handful of steps back towards her and rested a hand on her shoulder. I stared with her for a moment, taking in the underwater lighting, the rockwork with a waterfall, and the thousands of tropical plants, all imported from Bermuda, "Of course."
She started to climb the stairs again, but slowly. "I need to try that," she started, "I just wish I had a bathing suit."
I gave her a knowing smirk, "Who says you need a swimsuit?"
I jogged the rest of the way up the stairs. Her jaw was slack and her eyes were wide but I heard her start to follow. I led her towards the master bedroom and gestured towards the ensuite. I reached into the shower and showed her how to use the rainforest head.
"It's all touch controlled," I said. I played with the panel and showed her the temperature settings, "You can get it to the exact temp you want. Just put in the number."
I turned back and she already had her arms crossed to pull off her sports bra. She twisted it over her hair and took a step towards me. She rested her hands on my suit jacket and gave the corner of her lip a nibble, "You gonna join me?"
I gave the shower a glance. I saw the six different spouts of water and knew how sticky shower sex was, so I brought back my confident face and said, "We've got all day."
She gave a little shrug and started towards the shower. I looked back, just long enough to see her pull her shorts down, exposing her little teardrop ass.
I made my way back towards the kitchen and met Chrissy. She tucked the washcloth in her belt and raised her eyebrow. "She want anything?"
"No, it's just," I stammered, "That was a good lie. I didn't know how to explain you being here."
She turned towards the fridge and brought back a tray. "It wasn't a lie."
She held out a fruit platter, strawberries and cherries, all surrounding fresh whipped crème, "I can make whatever you guys need, ok," she said, "Make sure she's in the mood.
I took the platter gingerly and started back up the steps. By the time I got back to the master bedroom, the water had stopped, and Hannah was staring through the floor-to-ceiling window.
I placed the tray on the oversize bed and took a few steps towards her.
"That shower felt amazing," Hannah murmured, "I didn't ever want to leave."
I reached her and placed my hands on her shoulders. I worked my fingers down her back and started massaging her shoulder blades.
"And the view," she stammered, taking it in, "It's absolutely stunning."
I kept on massaging. She was wearing a bathrobe, and her hair was wrapped in a towel, but I leaned in close, and whispered next to her ears. "This house," I said, like a billionaire bragging, "Was designed by Anton Dauer himself. He wanted a grand view of the mountains, that rushing river; so he made the entire wall out of glass, so he'd never miss a thing."
I reached out and pointed off in the distance, "But then," I said, "They put in a golf course. He wanted his mountains, but I wanted my privacy. So I got this specialty glass, imported from Italy. See all those people down there? We can see them perfectly, but if they look at us, they just see their reflection."
Hannah was in a trance. She watched as people talked and played golf. We could see the golf club restaurant, where servers waited on people who thought they were rich, but still only dreamed of the view Hannah and I had.
She reached for the corners of her robes, the movement almost hypnotized, and she let the belt fall slack. "They can't," she repeated, "They can't see us."
Her robe swung open. She stared through the window, drinking in the power, and I reached back for the bed.
"Strawberry?" I asked.
She turned slowly, not wanting to give up the view. She took a step, her perfect hourglass exposed under the flowing robe, and she reached for the berry. She gnawed on it, carefully like a rabbit, and I brought my hand to her waist.
She twirled the berry in her fingers and stared around the room. She saw the murals that circled the bed, then she saw the bed itself, almost twice the size of a king-size, and adorned in silken sheets, woven so finely it felt like sugar.
I reached out, and felt between her legs.Eighteen, I thought,Eighteen and already shaved and waxed.
"Let me," she said, stopping my hand, "Let me face the window."
I turned her and bent her against the glass. I hiked up her robe and shuffled until I could feel her ass against my pelvis. I ran my hand up her back, while my other hand guided myself in.
She gave a soft moan of pain, but backed her way into me. I brought my hands free and ran up her hair. I pulled the towel free, then grabbed her hair like handlebars.
I let my pace quicken and bit my lower lip, fully focused. Her moaning started to harmonize, and I twisted my fist into her hair. Her head jerked, but not to get away, but to keep watching. Her eyes were fixated on the people in the distance, fascinated by the fact that she was getting fucked and she could see other people.
Hannah's teen pussy was tighter than any I'd ever been in. I tried to slow my thrust, but when I started slowing, her hips started rocking faster. I couldn't help myself, and felt myself start to pulsate. The cum dripped down to the marble floor. Hannah turned and gave a quick kiss, before she lost the robe altogether. She dropped to her nimble knees, and started crawling towards the cum. She ran her tongue along the floor, soaking it up, then stood on her tiptoes to wrap her arms around me.
"Come on," she laughed, her mouth open and white, "Kiss me now."
I pushed her face away, and brought her back to the bed. We fell back together and I stared at the ceiling. It was silent for a moment, nothing but our heavy breathing. Then, I felt her fingers navigating my chest hair.
"I want," she whispered, "I wanna see the whole place. Can you show me around?"
Part of me wanted to just fall asleep. Another part of me wanted to kill her now, reset her day so I could go home and be with Amanda, but I saw the way Hannah's eager lip curled as she stared at me. I also didn't want to make her angrier than she'd already be once she woke up in the loop tomorrow.
"Sure," I relented, "Let's check it out."
She bounced to her feet, eager and ready. She started for the robe, but I stopped her.
"Chrissy's cool," I said, still struggling to my feet, "Live a little."
I felt her trembling as the two of us left the room, fully nude. We felt the cool marble floor on our bare feet, and the occasional drop of cum leaked from her pussy as we descended the steps. Her head stayed off to the side, watching the people in the distance. She was trembling, nervous to be so publicly nude, but trusting as she held my hand.
We passed the kitchen and saw Chrissy piping frosting, her eyes crossed in focus. "Ah," she said, hearing our footsteps, "You two having fun?"
Chrissy turned and gave a smile when she saw us. "So," she said, "What you thinking for dinner?"
I turned to Hannah, "Did you wanna eat here?"
She was quick to nod, so I followed along, "Whatever you feel like making Chrissy."
I continued leading Hannah along. Her footsteps turned to nervous taps, in total disbelief she stood in front of a stranger, totally nude and making conversation.
"Down here," I pointed, "We've got the movie theater, "A few dozen private seats, a 4K projector. The perfect place to watch anything."
I flicked on the lights and led her into the small room. "Can we?" she asked, "Can we watch a movie?"
"Sure," I said. I pointed out the film cabinet and sat in the center loveseat.
I waited for the lights to dim, then she joined me. She pressed her bare skin against my chest, resting her head as the movie started to play.
Her breathing turned shallow, and by the time we made it halfway through I thought she'd fallen asleep. I thought, for just a moment, I could wriggle away and go home, but the second I moved, she sat up groggily, and stared at the screen, once again fully engaged.
We finished the movie and finished the tour. We sat in the sauna for a moment, played with a keyboard in the music room, laughed and pretended to lift weights in the gym, then found ourselves back in the kitchen.
Chrissy had finished her dinner, a fully homemade mushroom risotto. Hannah and I sat side by side, as naked as the day we were born, and we started to eat.
Hannah held her fork in her right hand, but her left hand drifted out and started running up my thigh. I tried to twitch away, but she kept making slow progress, and finally wrapped her fingers around my cock.
My eyes fluttered as she made long slow strokes, and I dropped my fork. I turned back to her, her eyes locked with mine and nodded, "After dinner."
We finished quickly, and Chrissy was quick to take the plates away. She told us dessert was still a few minutes away, but Hannah's eyes were back at the glass. She stared at the pool, and now that the sun had set it was more stunning than before. The vegetation was all professionally lit, with hidden lights throughout the garden. The waterfall looked bioluminescent, and the water came to life with a blue underglow.
"You still want in?" I asked.
She was through the door before she could answer. She ran across the stone and leapt into the water. I followed her slowly, my knees older, my steps more deliberate, and waded in after her. She threw a playful splash, and I chased after her. She laughed and ducked her head under the water. When she surfaced again, she was holding her hair, arms out the same way she did before, and kept it clear from her eyes.
I don't know why I kept coming closer. In my head I saw Amanda, at home, waiting for me now that the job was finished. A part of me wanted to go home, another part of me even felt I had to, that staying this long was a betrayal. It didn't matter what I saw in my head though, because my eyes saw a young alluring girl, tempting me closer.
I took, one step, then another, and felt my arms reach out. She smiled, a perfect smile in the moonlight, one that drew me in like a siren. She reached out. She cupped her hand on my balls and for just a moment I flinched.
"What's the matter old man?" she asked, "Can't even go two rounds?"
She found her magic words. I don't know what it was. Even now, I don't think I could explain what it was about her. It was the intangibles, the indescribable. It was the way her muscles moved under her skin, the way she herself moved like a dancer.
Her hand was stroking now and I didn't try to stop it. I saw Amanda in my head again, but it was only a flicker. I shook the thought aside, and saw Hannah's perky nipples, bristling in the night water.
She took another step forward and hopped up. She was easy to carry in the water. She wrapped her legs around my waist and sat on my dick. Then she started to grind.
Hannah worked herself into a rhythm, then let herself lean back. She fell until her back was against the water, but she kept rocking, leaving a gentle ripple, her firm breasts rocking and making gentle little splashes.
"Brownies?" Chrissy asked. I hadn't even heard her approach, but when I turned I saw her knelt at the side of the pool. Her eyes had narrowed with laser seriousness, and her mouth became a line, "I thought you might want a break," she whispered as deadly as she could, "Now that you're finished, it seems like the respectful thing to do."
My eyes locked with Chrissy, but Hannah nor I ever stopped thrusting. We kept, locked together, her legs around my waist, while the two of us made our way to Chrissy.
"Brownies," I said, "Are a great idea."
I reached out and took a pair from the platter. Hannah rose up from the water and wrapped her hands around my back. I held one out for her, and she chewed greedily. We never skipped a beat, even as parts of the brownie crumbled and fell into the water.
"That's," I heaved. I was more out of breath than I realized, fucking in the water, "That's why we have a pool guy."
Hannah couldn't keep herself from laughing. She crumbled into my shoulder, before she rolled back, flipping into the water. When she stood, she pulled crumbs of brownie from her tit, but made her way back towards me.
She ran her fingers back up my chest like a crawling spider, then looked down at my cock, refracted in the water. "Can I try to suck it?" she laughed.
My smile was enough of an answer for her. She knelt so only her eyes were above the water, staring at me like a stalking hippo. She crept closer, and tucked her lip around the head of my penis. Then she started to suck.
I watched her hair in the water, floating like a dress in zero gravity. I grabbed her under the arms, just to keep her from floating away, until finally she couldn't keep herself from laughing. She snorted water, one massive bubble, and broke into a laughing cough. I reached out to help her but she waved me off.
"Come on," I said, waving her from the pool, "Let's finish up."
Chrissy had gone, but she left the brownies poolside. I glanced at the platter, then back at Hannah, still struggling with the swallowed water, then reached for the brownies.
I pulled a pair of them, and molded them like clay. I gave myself a quick jerk, just to make sure I was hard, and wrapped the brownie around the shaft of my penis.
"Hey Hannah," I called, "I think you need another brownie."
The coughing had stopped, but the laugh came back in full force. She rocked back, her curled hand at her lips as she stared roared with laughter. I placed myself flat on my back while she crawled toward me. Then she started at the brownie.
She took small bites, licking against my shaft while she chewed. Once she finished, she started working on my cock. Her head bobbed, up and down, and I could feel chunks of brownie floating around in her spit. As gross as that might seem to you now, dear reader, know this, when you're that fucking horny, those brownie chunks were the hottest thing I ever felt.
Hannah got sick of sucking, and waddled up to a squat. She placed a hand on my stomach for support, and started riding me like a bronco. She ground while she rode, thrusting her hips against my pelvis. I ran my hand up her tender body, gripping her young tits, and watching the way her hair tunneled around her face as she looked down at me.
When I finally came, my head rolled to the side. She rocked off me and tumbled until we were lying together. We stared at the stars for a moment. They were bright enough to see the milky way itself.
The pool filter was loud, but our exhausted breathing was louder.
"We should," I wheezed, "Clean up, get ready for bed."
I thought our night was over. I helped Hannah find her gym bag, we shared one last brownie, and we started out the door, but Chrissy stopped me. I watched as Hannah got in the paradox, waiting for me to drive her home, then looked back at Chrissy's scornful face.
"The only reason," Chrissy said, "And I mean the ONLY reason, I'm not telling Amanda is I don't want you two to fight and trap us all even longer. But, Charlie. You finished the job. If you want things to work out with Amanda, you have to remember this situation isn't normal. You still have to care."
The drive back to Hannah's place was slower and almost silent. I let her out, and she leaned back into the car, one last time. "So," she asked, "Will I see you again?"
I didn't even look at her, "Anytime you want."
I sped off and found my way back home. Amanda's car was still there, so that was a plus, but by the time I waltzed through the front door, I was so exhausted I felt like I'd just collapse the moment I took my shoes off.
"Hey," Amanda said, her voice soft, but eager. She was as tired as I was, but when she saw me she had genuine excitement and she perked up.
"I'm sorry," I muttered, "She just wouldn't let me go. I know it's late."
I worked my shoes free and left my jacket over the couch. Amanda chased after me, still eager, still thrilled I was finally home.
"I made a roasted vegetable lasagna," she called, "Homemade bechamel sauce, it's super good if you want some."
"Thanks," I groaned. I was still stripping off the formal clothes, still trying to get comfortable, "It's just, Chrissy cooked so much, I'm absolutely stuffed."
Amanda looked down, for only a moment. She tried to fake a laugh, but didn't quite succeed, "Do you wanna at least try it?" she asked, "It's not like there's gonna be any leftovers."
I kept walking, kept pulling uncomfortable clothes. "Amanda," I said, my voice tired, but full of finality, "I am so exhausted right now. It's been such a long day."
She stopped, but her sad eyes followed me. "I know," she said, "I just thought we could spend some time together. I waited up for you."
I turned back and finally looked at her. "Amanda," I promised, "We have all day tomorrow. Just you and I."
I didn't give her a chance to protest. I turned away and started for my bedroom. I went to sleep.