Foreword
"Turnons" was an ongoing unfinished series I originally published here on lit and still available for everyone until one year ago or so. I was really engaged in the story and characters, but I was at a point in my life where I couldn't just find time to write. So I just thought once I'll be able to give a proper development and ending to the story I'll simply go back and publish a few more chapters.
In the meantime two things happened. The story got some attention, and I got lots of comments and positive feedbacks which I was grateful for; I also had some critics and that's always useful and welcome, sometimes even more than the occasional "great story, write more".
The second thing is I received a lot of hate emails, some were from "fans" who wanted me to publish new chapters and asked for it in a not-so-nice way, some others were from people who didn't like this or that about the story.
I know, haters gonna hate and all that, but then I wasn't interested in dealing with it, I wasn't in the right mind to do it, I didn't have the time, and I didn't want to open my email and find harsh messages from complete strangers. So I just decided to pull the story and delete the account.
Lately though my mind went back to Alex's story, and since I'm first of all an eager reader I had to admit to myself that I wanted to see where that story went. And I wanted other readers as well to enjoy it, at least the one who genuinely liked it and the ones who'll discover it just now.
So I went back to "Turnons" and started revising a little (just a little, when I found typos or things that didn't sound right) and now I'm publishing it once again, chapter by chapter, with the intention of going through with it and see where Alex and Turnons will lead me.
I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I do.
______________________________
Chapter 1
Turnons. The name of the app was surely vague.
Alex found the website almost by chance, while idly browsing her usual sites and blogs looking for some unusual amusement.
It took a little while for her to realise it, but that same app kept coming up every now and then. She first heard of it in one of Lit's chatrooms months ago, but now she had tried so many different erotic chats and erotica sites, she could hardly tell if it was on Lit chat indeed or somewhere else. She couldn't even recall the name of the user who first told her about it.
She just remembered how he pitched the app: "an intriguing way to explore your hidden desires, fantasies and limits". Sounded like something she'd like to try.
She created her account. There was a rather long privacy policy and the usual permissions you had to grant to the app to work properly. She just skipped forward giving her consent and was then presented with a profile to complete.
She used a fake name, but she didn't lie about her age or pretty much anything else. She entered her gender, selected a vague "UK" as location, then filled in the required fields about her physical appearance.
*
Hair colour: light brunette.
Eyes: dark brown.
Body type: slender.
Height: 5.4.
Cup-size: 34D.
*
Next she had to give a short description of her likes and dislikes, some were sexual some more generic such as "I like a challenging conversation" or "I don't like people taking me for granted".
After she completed her general profile came the naughty stuff - finally, she noted.
*Choose from the tag cloud at least 5 words that best fit you*
Alex quickly looked around for the first word that came to her mind, it was always the same, whenever she had to create that kind of profile, and she easily found it: exhibitionist.
The second word wasn't that easy to choose at the beginning, but if she was being honest her pick had to be: submissive.
At that point she noticed that most of the words remaining were completely unfit for her, or rather maybe too hardcore. This at least was her first thought. The little game of describing herself with heavily sexual terms though was taking a toll on her, and as she started perceiving a familiar tingle she picked the third word: slut.
After she entered the third word the tag cloud disappeared and a bunch of suggestions came up on the screen.
*
Maybe you'd like to add: public whore, cum junkie, denied pussy, bimbo, fucktoy, camgirl wannabe, pornstar, anal lover, exposed webslut.
*
- Whoa, serious stuff - she whispered.
Apparently she couldn't type in any word that wasn't listed, nor could she change her previous selection, so she just went with it.
She liked edging, from time to time she liked to deny herself an orgasm, and sometimes she actually fantasised about not being in control of her own orgasms. So she chose "denied pussy".
The following word had to be one between public whore, camgirl wannabe and exposed webslut. She didn't really think her choice would have mattered somehow, nevertheless she decided to go with the one that seemed tamer.
- Camgirl wannabe it is.
The following step was describing a sexual fantasy. Alex didn't have to think too much about it. Her scenarios varied but the main themes were always the same, so she started typing without anything specific in mind.
What came out sounded like this:
"I'd like to say I'd try anything once but I'm often held back by myself, even when something intrigues me. I come across as a shy person. I wasn't shy as a kid, but growing up meant getting a lot of attention from the boys mostly because of my breasts, while the girls made fun of me. That's probably where my shyness comes from. (Ok you are not my therapist, the good bits are coming, I promise). Along with shyness in time I developed a fetish for exhibitionism (quite complicated, I know). I'm not turned on by bold exhibitionists walking naked in public smiling or opening their coats to show off. I'm turned on by revealing outfits, by the embarrassment, the shame (even the humiliation to some level) of being on show, and by not being in control. My ultimate fantasy is to be seduced (or maybe a little forced too) into exploring this side of me. Being made to wear revealing outfits in public, being gradually pushed towards more and more exposing situations and no way out predicaments, until what seemed impossible at first could become my new normal. And then I would be pushed to go deeper..."
She just clicked the save button without proofreading it. Just talking about that stuff was enough to turn that tingle into something more. Alex was getting turned on. Her nipples were hard. She bit her lip as something new came up on the screen of her phone.
*Hi Nina,* that was the fake name she had chosen *welcome to Turnons.*
After a quick loading time another message appeared.
*Turnons is a game of dares. It well help you explore your erotic fantasies and connect with like-minded people. Is there anyone from your contacts you would like to add to your friends list?*
Below the message she could scroll her phone contacts.
- God, no. - she said to herself chuckling as she clicked on "Not now".
Then there was a list of suggested users, mostly males, a lot of them didn't even have a profile picture. A classic. She quickly skipped through this part.
*Everyday Turnons will send you a dare. It could be a dare automatically generated by the app based on your profile settings, or a user generated dare, created by a user in your friend list. You have to complete at least a dare a day to keep your Turnons account active.*
- Ok, come on, let's see what you can do.
Alex loved the idea of being dared. Actually she loved the idea of being given instructions, and as soon as she figured out how the app worked her mind had already started wondering, going places, and imagining wild scenarios. Her hand had been moving softly above her shorts for a while now, she just wanted to get the night started.
*Since you don't have any user in your friend list the first dare will be generated by Turnons.*
After that for a few seconds she just saw a loader and the message *Analysing your profile...*
And finally...
*
New Dare
Level 1
Upload a profile picture.
The picture can be either of your face or of your naked torso.
Time left to complete the dare: 2 hours
*
Alex looked at the screen like she expected something else. It was pretty tame. Or well, it wasn't so tame, but with a ton of pictures everywhere on the web waiting just to be used for fake profiles it would have been easy to fool the app, and she just wanted to get to the good stuff.
Anyway she spent quite some time looking for a picture online that she liked as her profile picture. She was fantasising about posting a nude, so she picked a girl that resembled her and uploaded the picture.
The following error message showed up: *Sorry, the picture doesn't match your profile. Please upload another picture. You have 23 hours and 35 minutes to complete this dare.*
- Oh fuck, don't tell me this thing can work out the cup size out of a picture. - she thought - Ok, then. Let's go with the face.
She took another 10 minutes to look for a picture online that vaguely resembled her and uploaded it. Once again though things didn't go as smoothly as she thought.
*Sorry the picture doesn't match your profile. Please click on the camera icon below and take a photo of your face or naked torso to be used as your profile picture. You have 23 hours and 22 minutes to complete this dare.*
- Blow me.
The upload option was gone and there was no way to go back. It either ended there or she had to take a real picture.
Her first thought of course was to quit, but there was something too intriguing in that app and in the way it was somehow "forcing" her to play by the rules. She didn't have to take a nude photo anyway, a pic of her face was no big deal.
Well, except it was.
She didn't want anyone she knew to discover she was on that kind of app, let alone find out about her kinks. The face was out of question.
The next thought springing into her mind immediately reinvigorated her excitement. What if she did take a photo of her breasts. It would be the first time she'd done anything like that. Posting a nude on a somewhat public site.
There was no way to tell it was her of course, but...
She clicked on the small "Privacy Policy" link on the bottom of the screen and quickly looked for something concerning the policy about pictures uploaded by the users. Eventually, browsing the long and intricate document, she found this:
"All the pictures users upload on Turnons belong to the uploader. They cannot be shared or downloaded by any other user without the owner's consent. Every user can edit picture privacy settings at any time from Turnons profile settings. Turnons does not share data, including pictures, with third parties. All users privacy rights are granted as long as users do not violate Turnons terms and conditions."
Excited as she was, this reassurance was everything she needed. She quickly went back to the previous screen and clicked on the camera icon; took off her tank top and bra and took a picture of her naked breasts. She didn't even have the chance to review the photo: the next thing that popped up on screen was a colourful animation.
As she was putting her tank top back on, a new message appeared on her phone.
*Congratulations on the completion of your first dare Nina! You have now gained the rank of Dare Taker*
She clicked on "Continue" and she was presented with her profile page. A full screen image of her breasts welcomed her along with her name and location. Then there was a recap of all her information and some other stuff she didn't pay attention to.
She first looked for privacy settings, and set the maximum restrictions, that meant only users in her friend list could see the images she uploaded as well as her dares history. Unfortunately the profile picture's highest privacy setting was "available for all active Turnons users".
Anyway she was ok with that right now, and could have always deleted the profile at any time.
The next section she visited was "Dares". Here she could access her Dares History and see any ongoing dares. The page now showed a simple message:
*Congratulations Nina, you have completed all the dares for today, check back tomorrow.*
After she came all this way she couldn't wait for tomorrow. Luckily enough she noticed a little note that said "You can change the number of daily dares from your profile settings."
Alex quickly found the option. She eagerly changed it to "2 dares a day" and the page reloaded. *Settings updated: the minimum number of dares you must complete to remain an active Turnons user is now: 2*
As she was going back to the Dares List a notification popped up on her phone: it said *Turnons - New Dare - Time left: 1 hour 54 minutes*
She clicked on the notification and a new dare showed up in her Dares List.
*
New Dare
Level 1
Be friendly.
Add a user to your friend list. To do so you can choose from a list of suggestions that Turnons created based on your profile settings, or add one of the contacts from your contact list.
Time left to complete the dare: 1 hour 54 minutes.
*
Boring. Ok let's do it fast and move on. Alex skipped at once the option to add a friend from her phone contact list and went straight to the Turnons list of suggestions. All the profiles were males, she noticed they were all quite older than her. Next to their names and ages the profile showed their ranks and tags. After a minute or so she made her pick: SubtleG, 38, Dare Master, Dominant, Sweet talker, Voyeur, Mind breaker, Sluts lover.
Turnons chat opened from an icon and Alex saw her name, or well her fake name, next to her profile picture and below the message:
"Hi, my name is Nina and I'd like to add you to my friend list. If you accept, you will be able to send me up to 2 dares a day."
As SubtleG was typing Alex started wondering about the differences between his profile and her own. His profile picture was something like an abstract drawing, so the profile picture requirements were different from user to user. Maybe once you entered your gender the requirements changed, it wasn't surprising that women were pushed to show off some flesh, while guys could use whatever picture they wanted.
In the meantime the message from SubtleG arrived.
SubtleG: You have a lovely profile and you surely have some assets to show, but you'll have to do better than that to get me on your friend list.
Bold, she thought scoffing, but she decided to play along.
Nina: I'm sorry I just logged in for the first time and I don't know the etiquette. I'd be very happy to have you as my first friend here.
SubtleG: A newcomer, it is always nice to welcome someone on Turnons. Better even if they are attractive as you seem to be.
SubtleG: Tell you what, I just have one request to add you to my friend list.
Nina: Hit me.
SubtleG: Switch your number of daily dares to 3. Since I guess this is your second dare, this way I'll know I can still dare you today. You are up for another dare, right?
Alex thought about it for a second and went for it.
Nina: Deal. I'm switching it.
SubtleG: Good. I accepted your request so once you change the number of daily dares I'll be notified and I'll send you one.
Nina: Wait, can't we just chat a bit before you send the dare, so that knowing me better you could think of something that might suit me?
SubtleG: I'm good at reading people, and I think I got just the right impression from your profile.
He left the chat without further notice. A minute later a notification informed Alex she received a new dare from a user in her friend list.
Without thinking too much about the abrupt interruption of their conversation, Alex opened the notification.
Before the actual dare she was presented with an explanation on how users' dare worked differently from dares generated by the app.
*
Congratulations, you have received your first dare from another Turnons user! These dares have a higher priority on automatically generated dares. You can receive any number of dares from other Turnons users, although each day you are required to complete only the number of dares you have selected in your profile settings. You can also refuse to complete a dare given by another user, but this option comes at a cost: for every dare you reject or fail to complete you will receive a penalty, the dare you fail or reject will be tagged as failed on your dare history, and you won't be able to play that specific dare a second time.
When you complete this kind of dare your success or failure will entirely depend on the dare creator's requirements and judgement.
As you proceed with your journey on Turnons you will unlock additional features for dares, perks and penalties. This way the game will always be engaging. Stay safe and have fun!
*
Alex read the tutorial and clicked on continue.
*
New Dare from SubtleG
Hi Nina,
Your lovely profile intrigued me but I want to test your will to know if you are ready to act on your fantasies. So this is my first dare to you:
Get completely naked and sit or lay in front of a window, blinds open, lights on. Masturbate for 2 minutes, but don't cum. Face the window the whole time. You can close your eyes or turn your head if you don't have the guts to check if someone can see you. Record your performance and post the video as proof of completion.
Time left to complete the dare: 30 minutes
*
The countdown started as soon as she started reading.
She was now staring at the screen biting her lower lip. A part of her was already picturing the scene. Her mind was also suggesting a rapid escalation: her video posted online, passed around by dozens of men, maybe someone she knew... a tingle in her lower abdomen meant her pussy had already made the decision for her.
She didn't know what felt different about this particular night, but this was the night she would have finally gone through with at least some of her fantasies. Posting a video like that for a stranger to watch wasn't surely the wildest scenario she ever imagined, but it probably was the wildest thing she'd ever done.
Rationally there was no chance the video could be actually passed around, judging by the app privacy settings. On the other hand, even if two minutes wasn't a long time, there was a chance she could have been seen from the apartment building on the other side of the road.
She opened the blinds and checked for any sign of activity. Almost any window in sight on the other side of the road was dark. Her apartment was on the second floor, so anyone from the third or fourth floor of the opposite building could see through her window and inside her bedroom pretty easily. Fortunately it seemed like the right time to put on a show like that if she didn't want to have an actual and present audience.
Laura, her roomie, was already asleep, so she just had to keep quiet and go through with it.
Alex placed the phone on her desk and tried a couple of different angles until she could find the right one, framing her chair and the window from the right distance. Then she quickly got up and took off tank top, shorts and underwear. For a second she just stayed there, stark naked right in front of the window, facing the street, completely exposed to anyone who cared to look in her direction.
Then she moved, she sat on the chair and started recording with her phone the longest 2 minutes of her life.