Sarah spent the last night at home attacking her husband. She wanted to leave him well received as she was going to be away for weeks at a time. He would only be able to see her during the holiday. Eating breakfast she got serious and wanted to ensure that he was okay with this plan of hers to turn herself into a super slut. The look in his eyes gave her to know that he was indeed 100% behind her decision and he knew that this would involve her breaking most of her wedding vows.
"I'm a very lucky man" he assured her trying to ease her consternation.
"Yes you are going to be" she teased him back, her pussy starting to throb in anticipation of her upcoming training. A quick kiss and she grabbed her bag and headed out the door to grab her Uber.
She opened the front passenger door and climbed in tossing her duffle bag in the back. The driver was handsome and younger than the average Uber driver and although he told her she was welcome to ride in the back she insisted that she needed to ride up front.
"To the airport please," she announced as her hand went down on his thigh. "You can take tips correct?" she asked.
"Yes Miss, tips can be added to the bill if you'd like but a good rating is more important to us drivers," he told her.
As he pulled away she reiterated his statement. . . "Tips can be added," she giggled as she grabbed his crotch and went to work pulling his cock out. . . working it with her hand at first she was soon bobbing up and down on his thick cock her mouth swallowing his cock deep as she sucked him slow and steady for the entirety of the ride to the airport.
Edging him time and again she postponed the inevitable swallowing his pent up load as they entered the airport grounds. Before she swallowed she took a quick selfie showing off her prize of a mouthful of cum, then another proving she'd swallowed like a good girl. Sending them off to her hubby to give him something to stroke to tonight.
Her hubby received the pics and smiled shaking his head, wondering if he created a monster agreeing to let Sarah go off to training to become a super slut. Time will tell.
Sarah quickly realized why she got a great price on the flight. It was full of people who were headed for a week in Vegas. It was a party atmosphere on the plane as they settled in for the three hour flight to Nevada.
A pick up game of dirty Truth or Dare quickly turned into nothing but dares more specifically 'come join the mile high club' as Sarah spent the last two hours of the flight her skirt raised as she faced the mirror hugging the tiny restroom sink while several men broke their mile high cherry.
When she wobbled off of the plane in Vegas her holes both leaking cum down her thighs,. her face covered with dried up cum, Sarah couldn't help but wonder to herself if she even needed the training.
With no checked baggage to fetch, Sarah headed towards the transportation area where an older gentleman held up a sign that said simply 'SMILES.
"That's me!" she announced to the older man.
"Follow me please Miss Smiles," he said. "Welcome to Vegas!" he added. "I would add that you should have a great time but it appears you started early," he smirked.
"Is it true what they say?" Sarah inquired to the old man. "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?" she giggled.
"Depends," said the old timer. "Keep your business off of social media and possibly." he winked. "Would you like to use the restroom and clean up a bit Miss?"
"No thank you Sir!" she replied. "I'm here to train to be a slut so it's proper that I should look the part.," she stated.
Sarah made it quite clear to the older gentleman that she would love to add him to her list of conquests for the day. He politely declined explaining that his bride of 60 years was his one and only love and she was waiting for him when his shift was over. His adorable demeanor only made Sarah want him more but she was sure that she would get another chance to do an old guy sometime in the near future.
The car delivered Sarah to the Morehead school for depraved girls. A boarding school for college aged coeds who are sent there to be trained or transformed into various stages of sluttiness. There are as many reasons the girls arrive as there are coeds. From mild to wild to very dark the stories are unique and varied. Sarah has sent herself to become the biggest slut she can. Make it such second nature that it's automatic. It took a bit to convince her hubby but he realized that she was going to do it regardless as she was strong minded and better to give in and reap the benefits of having such a sexual wife than watch as she cuckolds you going out taking lovers at will. Why fight it, enjoy the perks he finally determined.
Sarah rang the bell at the admissions center and was buzzed in. She saw a gal waiting at the desk and approached her.
"Welcome to Morehead Sarah!" said the stranger
"Thanks!" Sarah managed to speak surprised that this stranger knew her name.
"Your mentor Meghan will be along shortly. You can have a seat at the desk," pointing to the admissions desk. "Please fill out these forms while you wait for Miss Meghan," the gal instructed her.
Sarah sat down and filled out the necessary forms and as she was finishing a lovely goth girl appearing to be 18 or 19 appeared. "Sarah?" she said, "I'm Meghan and I will be your mentor for orientation week." "You may call me Miss Meghan," she continued.
Sarah giggled looking at the much younger gal telling her to address her as Miss. . . Meghan retorted with a stern "Is there a problem Ms. Smiles?"
Straightening up Sarah quickly recovered. "No of course not Miss Meghan."
"Good. follow me please," said Meghan.
Sarah followed Miss Meghan to the locker room where she was handed a health and beauty kit and directed to the showers area told to clean up and shave clean below the neck.
She stripped and headed off to the showers while Meghan gathered her skirt and shoes putting them in a large plastic bag. . . marked her name on them and dropping the bag down a clothes chute.
Sarah returned to find Miss Meghan waiting for her. She told her to stand there and proceeded to inspect her head to toe. She informed her that of all of her hygiene requirements it was imperative that her body be free of all hair. Any stubble discovered would result in an uncomfortable discipline. "Just trust me on this one," insisted the younger mistress.
Meghan informed her that for her orientation week she would be naked sans the collar and leash that she would be led around by. Meghan carefully fitted her with her collar which was black leather with a good sized O ring on it. Her leash was hooked up and Miss Meghan led her to her room to get settled in. Meghan confirmed that Sarah wanted to exchange the hypnotism class with one covering cum addiction. She nodded.
"It's quite a shame you're not into bdsm Ms. Smiles," Meghan said, "I would have loved to have put you through the paces. At least I will have you between my thighs every day as you work on your cunnilingus skills," she lamented. Sitting on the edge of Sarah's bed she directed Sarah to give it a shot spreading her legs. . . her bare pussy already moist at the thought of the new girls' mouth bringing her to the first of many orgasms.
Sarah got right to work teasing her new young mistress finding out that teasing would not be tolerated for long as Miss Meghan yanked Sarah's leash grinding her pussy into her face forcing her to bring her off to multiple orgasms. . . several. . . double figures by the time Meghan let go of her leash about to pass out. Flushed and sweating Meghan collected herself and patted Sarah's head only able to mumble "good girl!"
After a quick power nap the girls got up and headed to the food commons for dinner.
Sarah's lanyard had several colored dots on it signifying what classes and other imperative information that might be required. Her food avatar was a blue 'CE' which stands for 'cum enhanced' which means that every meal and snack was to be coated or mixed with cum.
"Part of your cum addiction training Ms. Smiles," Meghan informed her. "Hope you like the taste of cum," she mused.
"That's the goal Miss," was Sarah's response eliciting a smile from her mentor. . . realizing her student is showing respect without having to be forced. Her dossier claims that she was only submissive in the bedroom but Sarah was trying to fall into place without causing a lot of resistance thus not a lot of punishment either.
"Good girl," Meghan repeated. "I'm not a fan myself but I like girls so. . . her thought vocalized before she realized that this domme was offering too much information.
Sarah chose eggs, bacon and pancakes with a heaping additional coating of sperm. Meghan opted for the Chicken Parmesan. As the two ate Meghan could tell that her student had a lot of questions as she observed the vast diverse group of gals mulling about. Some naked also on leashes. Some in schoolgirl uniforms. Some of them dressed in handmaid outfits. looked like there was indeed a vast amount of options for the student body.
"I have a question," Sarah spoke up. "If this is an all girls school where do they get all of this cum to put on the food?" she queried.
"That's easy," Meghan replied. "The Morehead's boys school across the river donates gallons of the stuff. "In return we supply them with pussy, ass and mouths for special occasions," explained Meghan. "They also supply the cocks and cum for the monthly bukkake event."
"You will get to be the tribute later in the semester or next semester." announced Meghan.
Sarah's cunt started to twitch at the thought of having 100 + men jacking off all over her naked body saturating her in goo, bringing back fond memories of some of the porn her hubby has turned her on to over the years.
After dinner, Sarah and Meghan decided Reese cups would be a nice choice for dessert. Sarah's had a huge helping of special sauce on them. She gobbled them up, licking her lips while Meghan swallowed hard, thankful she wasn't on that diet. Sarah had noticed sign up sheets posted on the bulletin boards on the wall near the buffet line and the non stop line of girls signing up.
"What is that?" she asked of her mentor.
"Oh that's a sign up sheet Ms. Smiles," said Meghan. "Girls signing up for their night time appointments, You'll see" she said with a smirk on her face.
"I'll see?" "Should I be scared Miss?" Sarah teased.
"Depends. . . on how much you like eating the pussy," Meghan mused. "They are signing up for their appointments to have you service them during this week." "You should be eating pussy 8 hours a night in fifteen minute increments." "Sleep will be slim this week."
After a brief tour of the campus they returned to the dorm where the line was starting to form. Sarah settled in for her 'hazing' thinking it sure beats getting paddled. Girl after girl spreading their legs being serviced by the new girl. Finally when the last one squirted giving Sarah one final taste before she passed out
End of day one(arrival)