I had been attracted to him for weeks; he didn't know I existed. This year's final event was later tonight; I had forgotten I needed a costume. I had no hope of finding one for an evening Mardi Gras party.
My skills were called into question. I had several masks and hordes of bead necklaces; after all, celebrating on Bourbon Street during this time didn't require much clothing. Maybe I could conjure up something; I had six hours.
My thoughts were wicked; I desperately wanted him to notice me. Throwing everything on the table, my mind went into creative mode. Beads were the most significant influence in this city; I needed to figure out how to utilize the thousands I owned.
Even though I was rather conservative, I didn't mind showing a little skin when needed; tonight might just be one of those times; after all, I wanted to be noticed, and this was the one time of the year I could get away with it. Since I was relatively small in the breast department, I didn't need much coverage.
Wrapping ten strings around my neck worked just fine. The beads draped over my tiny bumps covering all of them; from behind, it looked as if I was topless. I would have to be careful, though; it wouldn't take much for them to slide to the side, exposing my tiny bumps.
Sipping my gin and tonic helped; my stress level was receding quickly. I needed something to cover my bottom, something festive. Could I make a skirt of beads? After a minute, my brain finally answered as I frantically searched for my narrow black belt.
Fastening it around my upper waist, I took the strings of beads and started working my way around, slipping them under the belt, centering each row, and letting them hang down. It took most, but I eventually reached the starting point again.
Looking in the mirror, I was ecstatic. I twirled around to visualize the effect as the bead-laden skirt swung freely. Each twirl made the beads fling out, showing what was beneath; my panties. I felt the need to be bold tonight, so no panties.
That's better; I loved the sneak peeks of bare skin beneath as I twirled; the airy sensation on my shaved area only enhanced it. A mask completed my costume.
I was fashionably late; most were well into the festive atmosphere, drinking and cavorting. Few noticed me, the topless beaded woman, making her way through the crowd. After several dances, my thirst became insatiable; two gin and tonics satisfied the drought. I was now officially in party mode, searching for him.
I finally maneuvered myself into position as the next music set started.
"Wow, your costume is excellent; just beads? Nothing else?"
"Yes, I wanted to be true to the occasion. Just beads and a belt."
"You sure are bold, wearing nothing but beads."
I know he saw my breasts as I twirled; I constantly had to reposition my beaded necklace.
"Do I know you?"
"Maybe"
Should I make my move now? I was quivering beneath the beads, trying to build up my nerves. I started twirling madly, letting him know I was bare beneath; It was exhilarating displaying myself so blatantly; I could become addicted to this behavior.
I was not expecting to slip, nor was I expecting him to reach out to catch me. His grip was firm as I went down, tearing my belt and necklace and releasing my beads. Laying on the floor, watching thousands of beads rolling away, I was stark naked.
"I'm so sorry. I tried to catch you."
"It's okay."
With his help, I stood, quite anxious, taking inventory, A mask... a torn belt...and... no beads. Well, I wanted to be noticed; I certainly will now.
"Here, take my shirt."
"Josh, that won't be necessary."
"I recognize you now; we work together; I didn't place you with the mask."
"I was hoping you would notice me."
"I notice you now, naked; everyone else too."
As the music restarted, several cohorts appeared, desperate to dance with their naked coworker. My hormone level rose; the subtle touches of hands on my naked body were intoxicating; dancing nude had never entered my mind; I savored being the only one naked.
As the night went on, I again found myself in Josh's arms, this time for a slow dance.
Pulling my bare chest into him and grasping my naked ass, he whispered,
"You are so beautiful, naked."