Sorry this took so long to get out. You may want to go check out the previous chapters to better understand how we got to this chapter although I think it can stand on its own.
Several months ago, I lost a bet to my husband and his poker buddies that changed the course of our marriage. It started out as just taking advantage of my exhibitionist tendencies but resulted in my husband not only allowing, but encouraging his poker buddies to have sex with me.
Now, my husband is in Kuala Lumpur for the next few weeks. While he is gone he has given me a hall pass to have sex with his poker buddies. Not only that, he let them know it was OK for them to take care of me while he was gone. He calls me every night and wants to know in detail what kind of mischief I have gotten into for the day.
Earlier today, one of them that has a dominant streak in him, took advantage of my submissive nature and stripped me, bound my hands behind my back and let his 4 young assistants gang-bang me. It was demeaning, degrading and I came more times than I could count.
***
I am dead tired when I get home and I think I fell asleep immediately. I am awakened by the sound of my iPad. By the time I find it, it has stopped ringing. I know it was my husband trying to reach me from Kuala Lumpur.
I Look at the clock and realize it is only 11:00pm so I couldn't have been asleep for very long; maybe an hour or hour and a half at the most. I quickly run into the bathroom and run a brush through my hair before I call him back. My makeup is kind of a mess but I don't have time to fix it.
When I call John back, he answers right away.
"Hi sweetheart, I'm sorry I didn't answer right away. I guess I fell asleep and then I couldn't find my iPad."
"Rough day?" he asked with a sly smile on his face."
"Yes, and I need to talk to you about that."
"Seriously, are you Ok?"
"I'm fine, just a little sore. I think I am going to have to slow down and let my muscles recover for a few days."
"Tab, they didn't hurt you did they? I told Mike..."
"No, it's not like that. I'm not hurt."
"Tell me what happened."
I spend the better part of the next hour giving him the details of what happened at Mike's office.
"John, do you think I am a slut?"
"Yes baby, but you are my slut and I love it. I know you love it too so yes you are a slut but in all the right ways."
"Are you sure you are OK with your wife being a slut?"
"Of course I am. I started this whole thing because I knew you were missing something. You have a body made for sex and it would be a shame to waste such a beautiful work of art, hiding it away, never to be fully recognized for the beauty that it is."
"Thank you. I do love sex and I like the new me. It still feels wrong in my head but I have never had these feelings of complete lust and power and I don't know what. Even when Mike completely dominates me, it is somehow freeing. I don't have to make choices or decisions, I just do what he says and I have these fantastic orgasms."
"It sounds like maybe I am going to have to take a more dominant role when I get home."
"John, I will always be submissive to you. I love you. You are my rock and I need you. I will do anything you want, all you have to do is ask - or order me," I giggle.
"Okay my little slut wife, what else have you been up to? Have you talked to Lisa yet about their anniversary?"
"Not yet, she is coming over tomorrow and I will talk to her then."
I explain how I am going to tell Lisa that I will help her out by giving her husband his anniversary present of having her and I give him the night of his life. When she asked me to have sex with her and her husband as her 10th wedding anniversary present to him, I wanted to say yes right away. I love her husband Avery's big 10" cock and without her knowing, I have been getting plenty of it by myself.
However, since she doesn't know about my husband sharing me with Avery and allowing Avery to take care of 'my needs', I need to play a little bit hard to get and I intend to tell her that John has agreed that I can do it with one condition. The condition being that he gets the same for his birthday with her and I as the present. I'm not sure how she is going to take it.
After John and I hang up, I fall right back to sleep. I am still exhausted and need some rest.
***
When I wake up the next morning, the sun is already above the windows and I look and see that it is almost noon - again. This sleeping in until noon thing is getting to be a habit.
When I try to get out of bed, I am struck by the fact that my legs are so sore that I can hardly move them. I think being spread across that chair while they gang-banged me is what did it. Every part of me seems to have stiffened up and I literally crawl out of bed. I have never been this sore in my life.
Advil, OJ and toast are all that I can handle right now but I think a nice long, hot shower will do me a world of good.
After my shower I do feel much better and I wrap myself in a towel and head to the kitchen to get something more substantial to eat. Just as I walk into the kitchen, I see Lisa, my neighbor and best friend coming up to the back door. We are neighbors and we have a gate in the fence between our houses so that can easily go back and forth to each other's houses.
I know when it's bright and sunny out like today, you really can't see inside the house because the sun reflects off the glass of the French doors that are between the kitchen and patio and I startle Lisa when I open the door just as she is reaching for it.
"Hey Lisa, come on in."
"Hi sleepyhead. Are you just getting up?"
"I was talking to John and didn't get to bed until very late last night," I kinda lied.
"That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Did you talk to John about, you know, what I asked you to do?"
"I did. He said he is Okay with it."
"Yes! I hoped he would say yes. I know it's a lot to ask but I really want to..."
"Hold on. There was one condition."
"What condition?"
"He said I could do it but he wants the same treat for himself in June for his birthday."
I can see the wheels turning in Lisa's head. She knew it was a lot to ask of me and of John but she also knows we are pretty open minded. She just doesn't know how open minded. I don't think she ever thought that she might have to reciprocate.
"Do you think that Avery would be okay with that?"
"I don't know and I can't ask him without giving away what we are planning. I really hadn't thought anything like that through."
"I'm sorry Lisa but John was pretty adamant although he was getting a good laugh at the tit for tat aspect of this whole thing."
"Okay, I'll do it. I don't know if I will tell Avery or not but I will do it. I will just have to figure it out. John's right, fair is fair."
That was a lot easier than I thought. Maybe she had thought it through. Either way, I am getting excited although not between my legs. At least not yet. I am still really sore.
Lisa is just beaming and she looks like she has something to say.
"I want to go shopping today to pick out an outfit for us to wear."
"What kind of outfit?"
"I was thinking we could get matching outfits or something."
"How were you planning on springing this on Avery?"
She starts detailing her plan and explains that Avery wants to get away, just go over to Fort Worth to a nice hotel for the weekend. Their anniversary is on Saturday and they already made reservations for dinner on Saturday night at one of the nicest restaurants in town. I thought that she would likely want to surprise him after dinner when they got back to the hotel but that isn't what she was thinking.
"I want you to go to dinner with us. I want Ave to have two hot babes on his arm for dinner and then maybe a little dancing and then back to the room. I want him to be so horny by the time we get him back to the hotel that he is ready to explode. Well, I don't really want him to explode too quickly, tee-hee."
"Oh wow, I didn't think about that, I thought you probably just wanted me to surprise him back at the hotel."
"Nope, I want you to be with us the whole night!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, now get dressed so we can go shopping. I want us to get dresses, shoes, underwear, everything. And, by the way, I am buying so don't even think about bringing your credit cards. This is on me."
"Okay but I have to dry my hair and put on my makeup. It is going to take me at least an hour."
"Alright, I will give you one hour and then I will be back to pick you up. I am so excited!"
Exactly one hour later she was at my front door, her car already in front of my house. She is really excited.
I put on a sun dress that I knew would be easy to get in and out of when we try on dresses and a pair of sandals with a 3" heel so I could get a better feel for what a dress would look like with heels.
The mall is right down the road and there are tons of high end stores that I knew she was going to drag my sore body through for the remainder of the afternoon.
I also knew that she was going to take every opportunity to look at my boobs. She is somehow fascinated with them and every time we are together, she ends up touching them, hugging them or because she is shorter than me, talking directly to them, pretending they are her two excited little puppies. Until recently, that wasn't the truth but lately, I do get excited when she starts paying attention to them.
I am right, she drags me through the mall, hitting every boutique and department store that sells dresses. Finally, we stop at one of the smaller designer stores and she falls in love with a black lace mini-dress that has a sheer nude lining. She excitedly pulls me into the dressing room with her, both of us carrying our dress. Mine is not even close to a size 0 like hers.
The dress is very short and cut very low in the front, dipping about 3 inches below the bottom of my boobs. The back scoops all the way down to just below my waist and the nude lining is very sheer and looks like it matches close to my skin color so that it will really looks like you can see my bare skin under the lace.
There is no way I can wear a bra with this dress and I am afraid that is not going to look good on me. My boobs don't sag a lot but it is me and my 34 DD's vs. gravity, when it comes to this kind of dress. Lisa is already undressed and she and her perky little boobs that don't require a bra at all are already wriggling into the tight dress.
I get my sundress off and I reach behind me to unhook my bra knowing full well what is coming.
"Holy shit Tab, your boobs are so huge. I just want to bury my face in them."
"I know you little boob monster, now help me get this dress on."
It takes me a little more effort to get into the dress than it took Lisa but she gladly helps me tuck my boobs into place and unnecessarily adjusts them 3 or 4 times for me. The dress is tight but the material has enough give to hold everything firmly in place without squeezing so hard that it is uncomfortable.
We both slip our heels on and go out to the mirror to see how we look.
I have to admit; these dresses are hot. Lisa looks like the dress was made for her and in the heels she is wearing even her short little legs look long and sexy. The dress is really short and comes just a few inches below her cute little butt. I also notice just how sheer the lining is when she steps away from the mirror. With the light behind her, I can clearly make out through the lace and the lining, the outline of her legs and what my husband calls the 'gap'. It is the space at the top of the legs where they don't quite come together; a visual a lot of men find very appealing in a woman wearing tight jeans, a bikini or nothing at all. Lisa's looks pretty awesome if I do say so myself.
I also know that if I can see it on her, it will be visible on me. Not only that but when I look in the mirror, if I look really close, I can make out the dark outline of my areolas as well. I like it and the dress looks fantastic on me. My more than ample and visible cleavage is going to steal the show but this dress hugs ever curve and it is smoking hot.
The sales girl takes us to their lingerie section and we sift through several styles of panties but ultimately decide we will just go without. As we are walking out, Lisa turns and asks what I would think about stockings and a garter belt. I know it will look super-sexy and we make a quick turn-around. I hadn't noticed any stockings or garter belts while we were sorting through the panties but the sales girl quickly took us to a very nice selection of stocking and garter belts.
We chose nude color silk stocking with black seems up the back and lacy black garter belts to hold them up. We laughed at the difference in length of the stocking, mine being at least 5 or 6 inches longer than Lisa's.
When we hit the register, and the total came to over $1,000 I looked at Lisa and asked if she was sure she didn't want me to pay for mine. She just looked at me and said, "This is my treat. Seeing Avery's face when he sees the two of us is going to make it well worth the investment.
Next stop, shoes!
Two stores down we find a really nice shoe store and right away Lisa spots a pair of 4" black heels that have a little ankle strap that she thinks will be perfect. I agree. Unfortunately, they don't have my size in that exact shoe but they do have a similar pair that has a 3" heel. Since there is a 5" difference in our height, we laugh and say this will get us a little closer together.
Again, Lisa insists on paying and we head home with our purchases.
Once we get home, Lisa invites me to stay for dinner and we open a bottle of white wine. By the time we are half way through the 2nd bottle of wine, we have plotted their anniversary present down to the last detail or so I thought.
Lisa is a lightweight and by the time she finished her 3rd glass of wine and was starting into her 4th, I could tell she was beyond tipsy and headed for schnockered.
She looked at me and said, "Tab, I need to tell you something," her words just slightly slurred.
"What?"
"I know."
"What do you know?"
"I know about the poker games and that you have been fucking my husband."
"Lisa, I don't..."
"It's OK, Avery told me everything. He told me after the first poker game."
"You knew? And, you didn't say anything? Why?"
"Avery and I have been talking about... you know, spicing things up for a while now and he told me about the bet and how you lost and what you had to wear and at first I was kind of jealous but not in the way you think. I have always been jealous of how you are with men. You are just so sexy and men just fall all over you. I'm not mad at you, I want to be you.
I saw you at the second poker game. Avery told me about the naughty school girl outfit you were going to wear and I wanted to see it for myself. Avery texted me when the game ended and I came through the back fence and watched through the windows. I couldn't see everything but I saw how that guy Mike treated you and I could tell that you loved it. Then I saw how the other men took you... including Avery.
I was a little jealous and even a little angry until I realized how turned on I was. I was watching my husband fuck you and how you could take all of him. I came three times just watching. And, it's not only that. Tabby, I think I want to try things... with you."
"You mean you and I?"
"Yes, because I watched again on the third poker night when you and Tammy were... doing it. I came so hard and so loud watching you that I was afraid that you might have heard me."
"Oh. Lisa I never did anything with a woman before that night, at least nothing even close to that but I have a couple times since and I really like it and..."
"There's one last thing."
"What?"
"That night I sent Avery over to fix the light in your kitchen... I watched then too. I saw how you took him all the way in your mouth. I can never do that, in fact I can't take all of that giant horse cock in my pussy let alone my mouth and, well, I saw how it made him feel. I'm just not physically capable of doing that and I want him to feel that way again, and regularly."
"I don't know what to say."
"You don't need to say anything. I realized that you could be the spice in our sex life that is missing. That's why I want you as our anniversary present. I know Avery loves sex with you and I want you too. Are you OK with that?"
"Lisa, I love you and you are my best friend. Mentally, I feel like I betrayed you. I feel like such a slut for having sex with my best friend's husband but physically, my pussy is dripping wet right now because I have been thinking about you... about us."
"Tabby, I have been thinking about you a lot... you know, sexually but I have never done... that... with a woman."
"But you want to?"
"Yes."
I reach behind me and pull down the zipper of my sundress, just enough to loosen it so that I can slide the straps down my arms. Lisa is watching intently as I slowly slide the dress down my arms and over my boobs. I can feel my nipples hardening as I pull the dress down over my hard little nubs. I am watching Lisa but she is intently focused on my tits. Once they are fully exposed, she is transfixed.
"Go ahead."
She briefly looks up at me and then literally dives at my chest, first kissing and then licking my left nipple. Then she does the same to the right and when she sucks lightly on it, I moan which seems to take away any hesitation. After that, she is back and forth from one to the other, licking, sucking and eventually biting my swollen nips. While she is sucking one, she is squeezing and tugging on the other with her fingers.
Her leg is pressed hard into my crotch and her knee is pushed against my pussy causing me to involuntarily hump her knee. I can feel my panties are soaked and I'm sure she can feel how wet I am.
Lisa then stands up and starts pulling off her clothes. She is still standing over me so I can't stand up but I manage to pull the zipper the rest of the way down my back. As soon as Lisa is naked she pulls my dress up and over my head and then my panties off my legs, leaving me completely naked except for my shoes.
Lisa slides down on top of me and goes right back to sucking and licking my nipples like a starving baby. She can't seem to get enough. My legs are spread wide open beneath her and her knee, now pushed hard against my pussy feels so good.
"Bite my nipples, make them hurt!"
Lisa looks at up at me with a huge smile on her face and then drops right back down to my tits and begins to suck harder and bite down on my nipples. I am close to cumming as she stretches my left nipple with her fingers and lets it snap back before she grabs it again and twists it hard.
All that pain and pleasure shoots straight to my pussy and I buck against her knee as I start to cum. When Lisa realizes what is happening she momentarily stops to watch as my eyes roll back in my head and my legs squeeze against her leg, trapping it tight against my pulsating pussy.
"Holy shit Tab; you can cum just from me sucking on your tits?"
'Yes, that and your knee rubbing against my pussy! And, I have been fantasizing about this for a long time."
I sit up and kiss her unexpectedly on the mouth. She initially pulls back but then accepts my kiss as well as my tongue into her mouth. I roll her over and straddle her while still kissing her. Once she is on her back I start kissing her cheek then her earlobe and then her neck, working my way down to her perky little tits. Her nipples are hard and swollen as I take my time, kissing all around the hard nubs. Then I gently lick one of her nipples with the flat of my tongue and I hear a sharp intake of air.
I softly and gently work my tongue against her pebbled nipples before sucking them between my lips. This causes her to moan. I glance up and see that her eyes are closed and I gingerly move my hand up to rub her other nipple, rolling it between my fingers and tugging gently.
She continues to moan and I slide my other hand down her side. Her skin is smooth and taught. I gently run my fingers across her flat tummy. Trailing my way slowly toward her pussy, my hand snakes between us and I slide smoothly across her hairless mound and feel her slit part for my fingers. I can feel her lips open easily as I slide my finger along her dripping slit. She is so wet that her juices are running down to her tight little ass.
I easily slide a finger inside her and can feel her tight cunt muscles grasping at my digit. She is really tight. No wonder she can't fit Avery's big cock in all the way. I'm surprised he can get any of it in her. She is really starting to make noises now.
I start sliding my finger in and out of her and can feel her loosening up just a bit. I carefully push another finger inside her and bite down on her nipple at the same time. Curly my fingers slightly I find her g-spot and brush it lightly as I pull and push my fingers in and out of her squishy cunt.
She starts to cum with a whine and then a stiff jerk that traps my fingers inside her. She is really clamping down hard and I can feel her velvety inner walls contract and expand as her orgasm rolls through her.
Lisa's orgasm lasts at least a full minute and until it starts to subside, I could not pull my fingers out of her. I can only imagine how that feels on Avery's big cock, even if he can only get a third of it in her. I will have to ask him about it sometime. She was squeezing my fingers so hard, I can't imagine that it doesn't hurt him.
Afterwards we are both breathing heavy and I roll to her left and we just lay next to each other as we recover. Once we catch our breath, Lisa says, "That was amazing, you know all the right places to touch."
I kiss her and we just lay together for another 15 minutes. I think about everything that has transpired over the last few hours and it suddenly occurs to me.
"If you knew about the poker games and the other times that your husband, you know, screwed me and you knew that John knew, why did you make us go through that whole ask John thing?"
"I wasn't sure I was going to tell you that I knew. I was just kind of hoping things would work out and everything would move along in the right direction without me having to tell you about my voyeuristic tendencies."
"Okay, I guess I understand. From now on, let's just be honest about that kind of stuff. I think you know everything that has happened but I want to get everything out on the table so there are no more secrets. Is there anything else you need to know or to tell me?"
"Well, I guess I just need to know how you feel about all this. Are you okay with John letting you have sex with these guys?"
"That's a question I ask myself a lot, but yes, I know John loves me and I love him and he knows that. The sex is just sex. I love you and I love Avery but not like I love John. I think most of all; I just love sex. Even when Mike is dominating me, which is a whole other story, I have this incredible feeling of power. Knowing that men and women want me and that I have the power to make them feel so good that they orgasm is incredibly empowering. I have my doubts sometimes because I was always told that only bad girls do the things that I have been doing but I get over that pretty quickly. The truth is, I like being a slut. I think of it as my superpower."
We both start laughing at my slut superpower revelation and I take Lisa by the hand and pull her toward the kitchen and out to the pool for a quick swim. The water feels great and although there is no more sex, we enjoy hugging, feeling each other's naked body against us and we kissed, a lot.
Shopping with Lisa is exhausting but today was also emotionally exhausting, but in a good way. I keep running the events of the day through my head, thinking about how it could have gone terribly wrong if Lisa had felt differently about Avery and I fucking. She is my closest friend and I could have very easily have lost her.
As I'm contemplating the potential disaster of destroying our friendship my iPad signals that John is calling. We facetime for an hour and I tell him everything that happened during the day. At the end, we were both relieved and excited that things between us and our neighbors was as good as ever.
I really miss John and beg him to come home soon but I know it tortures him when I do it. He is there building and ensuring our future and it is just a few more weeks. I can hold on without him.
The rest of the week flies by and I find myself getting very excited about our anniversary surprise for Avery. Lisa booked a suite in a top hotel in Ft. Worth which is about a 45-minute drive from where we live but a world away culturally. There are some great museums and really awesome venues for music in Ft. Worth. Lisa picked it because it is a great place but it is also far enough away from Dallas that it is highly unlikely that we will run into anyone we know.
Saturday morning Lisa is at my back door early and beyond excited.
"Avery is golfing and will be home at 3:00 this afternoon and the limo is coming at 4:00. The limo is going to pick you up first and then come to our house. Avery still has no clue that you are coming. I am so excited! I can't wait to see his face when he gets in the car and sees you."
"It will only take 45 minutes to get to the hotel and you said the dinner reservations aren't until 7:00. What are we going to do for 2 hours in the meantime?"
"Okay, I have thought about this a lot. I figure that we will be checked in and in the room by around 5:00. I am packing a couple bottles of wine for us and a bottle of Ave's favorite scotch and we can start in the limo on the way and then just relax for a half hour or so in the room. Then I think we tell Avery to get showered and dressed and then go wait downstairs in the bar for us. Then we get ready and meet him down there. He is going to go bananas when he sees us all dressed up."
"Bananas huh. How are you planning to explain my presence in the limo and isn't it going to be kind of awkward with me just riding along?"
"Once we get in the car I will tell him that you are our special present and then I want to tease or torture the hell out of that poor boy the whole way to Ft. Worth. We should sit on either side of him and drive him nuts with kisses and lots of fondling but totally keep his clothes on. I thought we could maybe, you know... put on a bit of a show for him as well. I know he will flip when he sees that."
"Jeez Lisa you have really thought this out. Are you sure it isn't going to be too much for him? The poor guy isn't going to be able to get out of the car with that big cock of his tearing through his pants."
"That's exactly how I want him. He is going to have the most exciting night of his life."
"And the most frustrating."
"He's a big boy, he can handle it and besides, he will get the payoff in the end. In fact, I expect him to get several payoffs tonight and if we aren't all too sore to move, tomorrow morning as well."
"You are starting to sound like me Miss Anniversary Slut!"
We both laugh, drink some coffee and spend the morning just gabbing. I have never seen Lisa so excited. She is a ball of energy just waiting to explode. We plan on what we are going to wear in the car that will cause Avery to experience the most frustrating and fulfilling night of his life.
By 3:00 I have my bag packed and I am checking to make sure there are no stray hairs on my lasered pussy. I wish the laser hair removal got everything but even after 7 trips to have my pussy zapped, I still find the occasional survivor. Oh well, it's better than having to shave it constantly.
Lisa and I have sun dresses that although not exactly alike, are pretty similar and she wants to stick with the fraternal twin theme so I slip it on. I definitely should wear a bra with this dress but I promised Lisa that I wouldn't. She isn't going to wear one but she doesn't need to. It is completely obvious that I am not wearing a bra when I look in the mirror. My boobs are swinging free and my nipples are only half as hard as I know they are going to get, and they are clearly visible through the thin material. Also, no panties. In fact, I haven't even packed any panties for the whole trip. Another of Lisa's ideas.
I am ready when the limo arrives and the driver takes my small suitcase and puts it in the trunk. The driver is a woman, a very attractive woman. She is blonde with her hair pulled up under her hat and is wearing a black suit with mirrored aviator style sunglasses.
The car is a black stretch limo but not one of those crazy long things. It is maybe 4 or 5 feet longer than a regular car with a bench seat in the back that will fit all three of us snuggly but comfortably and has seats along the side. The black leather is soft and cool on my legs as I sit down.
It is a short trip next door as we pull up in front of Tammy and Avery's house. The front door opens and Lisa flies out the door. Avery locks their door and follows with their luggage. She jumps in the car with the biggest smile on her face. Her dress looks more like mine than I remembered and she is carrying a bag that looks like it has a couple of bottles in it. She sits on the side of the car, waiting for Avery to get in.
Avery hasn't seen me yet and when he gets in the dark car after being in the bright sun, it takes him a second to realize that I'm not Lisa.
"Tabby? What's going on?"
"Surprise!" Lisa yells.
I don't think he even saw her sitting on the side seats.
"This is my anniversary gift! You have me and Tabby for the weekend to do whatever you want."
Avery looks at me.
"Yup, whatever you want. You are going to have the two hottest chicks in Plano, well, Ft. Worth tonight, for the weekend. Your slutty little minx of a wife has been planning this for a month."
Avery still hasn't said anything but the look on his face is priceless. He is smiling like the cat that ate the canary.
Lisa slides over next to Avery, pushing him toward the middle. He is pretty big and doesn't leave a lot of space on either side so he is right up next to me. I put one hand on his arm and the other on his thigh and smile at him.
Lisa reaches for her bag with the bottles in it and grabs a couple glasses from the bar in the limo. She asks Avery to open the wine for us while she puts 3 cubes of ice from the bar in his glass and pours 2 fingers of Macallen 18 for Avery.
Avery has hardly said a word until I ask him to make a toast which he does. We clink our glasses and everybody drinks. After the toast, Lisa and I both kiss Avery on the cheek and then Lisa reaches over and pulls me to her and kisses me full on the lips.
My hand happens to be on the thigh in which Avery's giant cock is situated and I feel it nudge against my fingers as he watches his wife really kiss another woman for the first time. I move my finger over the growing lump in his pants and softly caress him.
Lisa reaches over and strokes him through his pants as well causing it to grow even more. We both continue to stroke him through his pants and alternately kiss him and kiss each other.
Lisa and I are kneeling on the seat on either side and Avery has one hand on my ass and the other on Lisa's. He is starting work his way under my dress onto my bare ass with his hand and I assume he is doing the same to Lisa.
I am amazed every time at how big his cock is. It has to be 10 or 11 inches long and almost as big around as my wrist. I glance down and see that he is struggling with his dick stuck down the leg of his jeans, begging for release. A small wet spot is forming half way down his thigh at the tip.
Kneeling on the seat, if I hold myself erect, it puts my boobs right at his face. Lisa sees me and motions for me to pull down the little spaghetti straps of my sundress and let my boobs out. As I do, Avery immediately latches onto a nipple and sucks it in, causing me to moan.
Just then the car jerks pushing my tit hard against his face. I look to the front and realize that we hadn't closed the window between us and the driver and she was probably watching us in the rear-view mirror and got a little distracted.
Lisa wasn't distracted though and while I was smiling at our driver while she pretended not to be peeking, I felt another mouth on my other nipple. Lisa had taken my other hard nipple between her lips and was sucking hard.
A load moan escaped my mouth and I saw the driver quickly glance in the rear-view again. My nipples were getting a good work-out with these two. Avery was still sucking and licking while Lisa had moved to chewing on my hard bud. I could feel the beginning of an orgasm building.
I know our plan is to just tease him all the way to the hotel but we have been in the car only about 15 minutes and the wine on my empty stomach, two of my favorite people sucking on my tits and knowing the driver is watching us is making me incredibly horny. For some reason, the driver being a woman makes it even hotter for me.
I pull away from both Lisa and Avery and sit back on my seat.
"I'm sorry Lisa but I need to see that big cock."
"Okay, go ahead."
I quickly move to the floor and kneeling in front of Avery, I unbuckle his belt, unbutton his jeans and slide down the zipper. Avery's cock is still trapped in his pants leg and he lifts his butt off the seat to allow me to pull down his jeans.
With his pants now below his knees, his cock is making a giant tent in his boxers. I want to tease him, I really do but I want to see that cock and get it in my mouth more, so I yank down his boxers and as I do, his giant cock is pulled downward with them and then once released, flies up and slaps against his belly.
I feel another slight swerve and laugh to myself that the driver just saw how big his cock is. I quickly reach up and grab it, marveling at its size, both length and girth. It is not the prettiest cock that I have ever seen but it is the most magnificent overall. My pussy is responding to the magic of this thing and I feel my juices starting to flow past my labia and down between my pussy and my ass.
I look up and Lisa is in a deep kiss with Avery and his fingers are tugging on her cute little nipple. I pull the purple, swollen head close to my mouth and slowly lick around the base of the glans. It is so warm and soft yet amazingly hard. I start gently stroking the veiny shaft as I prepare to take him into my mouth. It seems impossible at first, he is so big and so hard but I know I can do it.
I lick the purple helmet to lubricate it and slowly slide my lips over the tip, teasing his pee slit with my tongue as I do so. My jaw is slowly adjusting to the enormous girth and I readjust my position to get better leverage. From this position I look up to see both Lisa and Avery, and I hope the driver, watching me slowly work him into my mouth.
After a few moments, I need a breath and pull off of him. I have worked him right to the back of my throat and I am set on taking him all the way once again, knowing full well how deep in my throat that is.
A string of saliva that was stretching between my lips and the tip of his cock breaks free and falls on my chest. I take his cock and rub it against my chest. I sit up further and run the tip of his cock which is now oozing pre-cum freely, across my nipples, from one to the other before taking him back into my mouth.
Looking up at Avery, I see his head fall backwards as I slide his giant cock all the way to the back of my throat once again. At the same time, I gently cup his balls and begin rolling them in the palm of my hand. I begin sliding him further into my throat, ignoring my gag reflex. I am determined to touch my nose to his belly.
Lisa is now pinching one of Avery's nipple and she reaches down with her other hand to gently roll my left nipple between her thumb and index finger. The further I take her husband down my throat, the harder she pinches and rolls my nipple.
I have to breath once in a while so I start to pull back off of this amazing cock until I can catch a breath before descending further down the shaft. I can feel his pulse against my throat and I can only imagine how hot and tight my throat must feel to Avery. If the sounds he is making are any indication, he is enjoying it immensely.
After another short breath, I push Avery's enormous cock all the way into my throat until I feel my nose against his belly where I hold it for a few seconds. Just as I start to pull off, Avery clamps his hands behind my head and holds me tight. I can feel his cum surging upward through his cock and he deposits at least 5 loads of his seed directly into my stomach. He is so far down my throat, that I can't even taste it until he loosens his grip and I pull off of him, gasping for breath. He is still cumming as I pulled off of him and the last little spurt hits my chin as I pull away.
Just as his cum slides off my chin and onto my chest, Lisa is there licking it up. She doesn't stop though and starts sucking on my nipples, hard. I turn and sit on the floor, facing the front of the car with my back against the seat and with Lisa latched onto my nipples.
"Lisa, I'm sorry, I know we were just supposed to tease him but I needed that."
"It's OK, I think I came just watching you."
I am still a little oxygen deprived and can barely move until I feel Lisa's fingers rubbing my pussy. When she feels how wet I am she shoves two of her petite little fingers all the way into my soaked pussy and starts pumping them in and out. Before I can say anything she adds a third and then fourth finger and my head falls back onto the seat as she fingers me.
Once she starts rubbing my clit with her thumb, I can't hold back any longer and burst into a mind shattering orgasm. Lisa still has her fingers buried in her pussy and I can feel the walls of my cunt pulsing against them, holding them tightly in place. To be fair, my hands are on top of her hand holding her fingers in place as well until my orgasm subsides.
Finally, Lisa pulls her hand away from my sopping pussy and sits back up on the seat next to Avery. I am still sitting on the floor but turned to kneel in front of her and mouthed "Thank you."
She bends down and kisses me and then I take her hand that is shiny with my juices and one by one, I take each of the fingers that had been lodged in my pussy and suck them clean. All the while Avery is watching intently.
Once I finish with her fingers, I kiss her again, more so because I want her to taste the cum she had just produced in me. I don't stop there though. I feel it only fair that since Avery and I had both cum, she should as well.
I start kissing my way down her neck to her cute little boobs where I spend a lot of time licking and sucking before moving further, down and between her legs. I look up at Lisa and her eyes are closed but when I look at Avery, his eyes are wide open, I assume from anticipation of watching me lick his wife's pussy.
I push Lisa's legs wider apart and move closer to her until I can smell her scent. It was the smell of desire and as I slowly lick her slit from bottom to top, her pussy opens fully and the smell of her sex becomes intoxicating.
I use my tongue to slowly open her sweet lips further so that I can tongue fuck her hot little hole. She obliges me and her juices are flowing freely down to her ass once her labia are parted. I avoided her clit for the first few minutes, savoring her sweet juices as I licked them up, stopping to fuck her as deep as I can with my tongue.
When I finally lick her swollen clit, a loud squeal comes from her followed by another when I insert a finger into her tight cunt. I'm sure the driver heard us as Lisa continued to squeal like I had never heard before. It was only a few minutes before she was cumming against my ravenous tongue and invading finger.
After the most intense part of her orgasm passes, I lick up every bit of her juices and then kiss her again, forcing my cum-covered tongue deep into her mouth. Then I turn and kiss Avery deeply as well and I am sure he can smell and taste his wife's juices on my lips. Glancing down, I see that he is fully hard again from watching me make his darling little wife cum.
Looking out the windows, almost for the first time since we got in the car, I see the Ft. Worth skyline straight ahead, maybe 5 to 10 minutes away at the most. I reach over and stroke Avery's cock softly and as much to his cock as to Avery, I say, "You need to get dressed, there will be plenty more where that came from tonight"... and then with another quick stroke, "and tomorrow".
By the time we are all dressed again and I have somewhat fixed my hair and touched up my makeup, we are pulling in front of the hotel. The driver holds the door open for us as the valet grabs the bags from the trunk. Lisa got out first, followed by Avery and then me.
As I step past the driver, she leans in to me and says, "That was amazing. If you need help with that, tipping her head toward Avery, or anything else, give me a call, I only live a few minutes from here." And she slipped me a card with her cell phone number on it.
I look at her and think that under that uniform, I bet she is pretty hot. I smile and tell her, "I might just do that."
Outside of the car in the bright sun, it is hard to see as we make our way into the lobby. I didn't realize that one of my straps to my dress has fallen off my shoulder nearly exposing my left boob all the way down to just barely cover the nipple. If my nipples weren't always hard and holding the dress up, it probably would have slipped all the way down exposing my whole boob.
I feel a little awkward with all three of us checking in together but the guy at the front desk never bats an eye. I guess this is not the strangest thing they have ever seen but I would think that maybe there would be a raised eyebrow or something, but nothing.
I do notice that I am getting a lot of looks in the lobby from the men that are passing through. I like that. It makes me feel sexy and knowing that I am not wearing a bra or panties. Men always stare at my boobs whether I am wearing a bra or not but when I'm not wearing one, it is just all the more exciting.
The room is spectacular. We are way up and the one entire wall is windows, looking out over the city. It is a little dizzying standing right up to the window and looking down but when I look out, it is amazing.
"What do we do now?" Avery Asks.
Lisa responds, "I told you, anything you want but I think we should save the really good stuff for tonight."
"I could use a little nap if that is OK with you guys," I recommend.
Avery seems a little hesitant but then he comes up with an idea.
"If it is anything that I want, then I want to make it a rule that any time we are in the room, we make it a clothes-free zone."
"A clothes-free zone? Is that for everybody or just us girls?" Lisa asks.
"For everybody. Tabby, are you okay with that?"
"Sure, but are you going to be able to handle two hotties prancing around naked all the time"?
"I will do my best to deal with it," Avery smiles.
I slip off the straps holding up my dress and pull it down over my boobs and slide it off my hips in one swift movement.
"Is this what you wanted to see?"
"Yes!" Lisa screams.
"I know you do, you little boob maniac. Now it's your turn."
Lisa quickly pulls off her dress and we were both wearing nothing but our shoes. Avery is looking back and forth between us as we walk toward him. I reach for his shirt and start to unbutton it as Lisa works on his pants. His clothes don't come off as smoothly as ours did but we quickly get him totally naked.
I have never seen a man smile as much as Avery is. Lisa and I are both rubbing all over him and his cock which was half hard when he got his clothes off is starting to get fully hard now. This is not going to be conducive to taking a nap.
I suggest that we slow down and all climb under the fresh, clean sheets and take a nap. I pull the drapes closed and Lisa and I both take our shoes off and we all climb onto the king-size bed with Avery in the middle and Lisa and I on either side.
I am going to try to get some sleep but I doubt that Avery will. He seems too awake, at least his cock does, to be able to sleep. Never-the-less, Lisa and I snuggle up next to him with our hands on his chest and he wraps his arms around both of us. Lisa is kissing him and I can see she is rubbing her crotch against Avery's leg. He is still hard as a rock and as much as that magical appendage makes me horny, I decide to lead the way and actually try to take a nap.
It must have worked because when I wake up it is a little after 4:00 in the afternoon and Lisa and Avery are both still asleep. I have to pee so I carefully roll off of Avery's arm and off the bed and head to the bathroom.
When I get back, I see Lisa still has her eyes closed but she is now gently holding Avery's semi-hard cock and is stroking it. I watch in amazement as it slowly starts to get hard. I am sure Avery is still asleep but I can tell that Lisa is awake even if her eyes are closed.
I carefully climb onto the bed and put my hand on Avery's stiffening tool as well. Lisa opens her eyes and smiles at me. I look down and see that even with both of our hands wrapped around his shaft, there is still at least 3 inches left uncovered. I can't believe that I had that all the way down my throat. I laugh to myself that I have achieved super porn-star status when it comes to sucking cock.
Avery starts to wake up as his cock reaches full hardness and he gets that big dumb smile on his face again. He is loving this.
I suggest to Lisa that we should let Avery hop in the shower and get ready for tonight but first, he needs to open another bottle of wine and pour us each a glass.
Lisa takes charge and tells him the plan. He is to get ready first, head downstairs to the bar while we get ready and then we will meet him there. He reluctantly, very reluctantly, agrees and gets out of bed.
Now, I love men and their penises, but I have to say it looks rather silly when they are walking around with a hard-on when sex is not imminent. Seeing Avery standing there with his dick standing straight out - I suppose it would angle upward if it wasn't so frigging big - opening a bottle of wine. It is hard to keep a straight face.
Avery pours himself a glass of scotch, hands us each our wine and then again, very reluctantly goes into the bathroom to take a shower. I think that it's funny that he closed the door since privacy wasn't really a concern at this point but thought maybe he had other things to do in there that he didn't want us to see.
I was watching Avery but when I look at Lisa, I realized that she hasn't been watching Avery but rather, was watching me. More specifically, she is looking right at my boobs. We are still sitting next to each other on the bed and at some point, Lisa had moved closer to me. I can see in her eyes what she wants and I decide that if she wants to worship my tits, who am I to stop her.
I wave my hand in front of her face to break her stare and when she realizes what I am doing she starts to giggle. I use my index finger and thumb to hold my left nipple and pull it until it is lifting my boob and then release it causing it to bounce back into place. I asked, "Is this what you were looking at?"
She doesn't say a word as she takes a sip of her wine, puts her glass down, and then very slowly and deliberately moves over and down on the bed until her face is level with my boobs and takes my nipple into her mouth.
She must have held the cold wine in her mouth because I can feel the cold liquid hit my warm bud, followed by her swirling tongue which makes me close my eyes and groan. It feels soooooo good. I pull away for just a second and put my wine on the night stand and then lay flat on my back.
In an instant, Lisa straddles me and is sucking, licking, biting, pulling and twisting my nipples expertly with her mouth and fingers. Her legs are spread wide across my hip and her mound is just touching mine. I can feel the incredible heat from her body as she holds my tits to her mouth.
I am getting wetter by the second with her ravishing my tits. I have one hand on her head, holding it to my chest and the other on her ass, urging her closer so that our pussies are touching. I decide this isn't working and work my legs under hers, forcing then between my legs. Spreading my legs wide, I wrap my ankles around the back of her thighs and pull her close so that her pussy is grinding against mine. With one hand free now, I find one of her hard little nipples and give it a good tug.
I hear her moan against my tit. She has barely come up for air but I can feel her responding by grinding her pelvis harder against mine. We carry on like this for several minutes before it is just too much for me and I start to cum. It isn't a big one but it is a nice one.
I easily roll so that I am on top of Lisa and pin her hands above her head. I playfully swing my tits in her face, lightly smacking them against her cheeks. I was just playing but Lisa can't get enough and she tries to capture my still hard nipples in her open mouth. I move my knee between her legs and rub it against her very wet pussy. I can feel her girl juices against my knee. Before long she is humping my knee as I continue to tease her, slapping her face with my tits.
Lisa finally captures one of my nipples between her lips and clamps down. She pushes hard against my knee and then she screams into my breast. She pushes her cunt against my thigh rubbing up and down, coating is with her juices as she cums. She clamps back down on my nipple and rides out the rest of her orgasm. Hers seemed to be a lot bigger than mine.
I finally rolled off of her. She is still breathing heavily when she lifts her head and looks at me.
"That was amazing! When you held my hands down and was smacking me in the face with your tits, I couldn't help myself. I never felt anything like that. We are going to have to do that again, next time, with Avery watching. Oh my god, I can't believe that just happened."
Just then Avery walks out of the bathroom to get his clothes. Even completely flaccid, his cock looks bigger than most I have seen. I can't get over it.
Anyway, he gets dressed in a very nice black suit with a white shirt and he looks incredibly handsome. I think how good he is going to look with his black suit and us with our black dresses. We are going to get a lot of attention tonight. As he finishes up, he comes over and kisses us both and tells us not to be too long.
"The way you look, we better not take too long. I don't know how long you will be able to keep the poor women in the bar that will want to take you back to their room at bay, the way you look."
"Right Tab, we better get a move on to keep our claim on this handsome dude. I'll race you to the shower."
Laughing, I hop off the bed and as I pass Avery say, "Gee, I wonder which parts of me your wife is going ensure are squeaky clean."
He just laughs and watches as Lisa pulls me into the bathroom and then into the shower. Avery sticks his head in and asks, "Are you sure I can't stay here and watch?"
Lisa yells, "Get out of here you big stud. Go get those lounge bitches all hot and bothered and leave us alone! We'll be there soon enough."
Not surprisingly, my boobs are very, very clean by the time we get out of the shower. To be fair, all of our parts got a good cleaning but no major hanky-panky happened. After we get out of the shower we were pretty much both focused on hair and make-up and then getting dressed.
It takes us about an hour and half before we are ready to go but damn, we looked hot. The dresses are so incredibly elegant and sexy and as much as we don't look like twins, we look even hotter together. Avery is going to die when he sees us.
It feels like everyone is looking at us as we cross the lobby to the bar. Our heels are clicking on the marble floor as we cross the entire length of the lobby and I can see heads turning as we walk past. I just smile and enjoy the attention. Lisa seems to be doing the same.
The bar is noticeably darker than the lobby. It is in the interior of the building so there are no windows, at least not in this part of the bard and the lights are fairly low. It takes a second for us to spot Avery. He is sitting alone toward the other end of the bar.
Lisa and I walk side by side toward him, each of us I'm sure giving our hips a good workout as we walk the length of the bar. The bar is about half full and three quarters of the patrons appear to be men so we are getting way more than our fair share of attention.
Avery is so tall compared to us that when he is seated, he is about Lisa's height in her 4" heels. I am just a touch taller and when we reach him and Lisa kisses one cheek and I kiss the other, the whole place seems to light up from the big smile on Avery's face. Every man in the place must be envious. It feels like everyone is looking at us and I hope they actually are.
Avery points to a booth and says we should go sit and have a drink. It's still an hour before our dinner reservation and the restaurant is only 10 minutes away. He has already arranged for the hotel limo to take us there and pick us up.
Avery order scotch and I order a Cosmopolitan, Lisa a Lemon-drop. The bartender delivers them personally; I think just to get a better look at us. I wanted to make a good impression so I made sure to sit up straight stick out my chest and smile, just like my mother taught me. I don't know about the impression in his brain but I think I notice a slight impression in his pants which makes me smile even bigger.
The bartender starts to chat with us about where we are going to dinner but he soon has to get back to his customers. We ask Avery what he thinks of our dresses.
"You two look amazing. Where did you get matching dresses?"
"You'll see when you get the bill sweetie," says Lisa.
"Well, whatever it is, it's worth it. You two have to be the hottest women in Ft Worth tonight."
I look at him. "Just in Ft. Worth, I was thinking more like the entire state of Texas!"
"I agree," Lisa says.
Avery raises his glass and toasts, "To the hottest women in Texas!"
We all start to laugh at that and take a big sip of our drinks. We just chat and explain to Avery our shopping adventure which I'm sure he could care less about, but at least feigned interest in. He is such a good guy. We talked about where we want to go dancing after dinner and decide on a nice club with great live music. It has a reputation for getting a little crazy when there is a big race or a football game in town but it should be fine tonight. They also have a nice big patio area and the weather should be perfect for being outside.
When the bartender delivered our second drinks, Avery asked him to call the front desk and have them bring the car around in about 15 minutes. We toasted again, this time to their anniversary and then Lisa and Avery kissed. It was a good long sexy kiss and was even drawing some attention. We got even more attention when Avery then turns to me and gives me the same. I'm sure the level of envy went up again in the bar and so did the pressure in Avery's pants. I accidentally brushed against his thigh and felt that hard cock against his pants.
"I hope that giant anaconda in your pants starts to relax a little or you aren't going to be able to walk to the car."
"I can't help it, I have been hard ever since the two of you walked in the bar."
"Lisa whispered, "Don't you worry baby, we promise to take good care of you later. Just try and calm down for now."
We both started giggling at that and Lisa and I toasted - this time to Avery's giant penis, which in turn, started us laughing hysterically. Everybody around us must have been wondering what the heck was going on.
We are no help at all in assisting Avery with his 'situation' as I continually rub my boobs against his arm and Lisa keeps rubbing him under the table. Avery is also not helping his own situation because when he is not holding his glass to take a drink, he is running his hand further and further up my thigh and is just about at the point where he is going to find out I'm not wearing panties.
We finish our drinks and Avery gingerly moves out from behind the table with an obvious bulge that he tries to surreptitiously re-arrange, but still leaves a noticeable tent in his pants. Based on what I see, most of the people we pass aren't looking at Avery as much as they are at Lisa and I anyway.
We took the hotel limo to the restaurant and have a great dinner. More cocktails and more wine but at least we now have food in our bellies. Avery had the most hilarious Fred Flintstone looking tomahawk ribeye steak. We can't help commenting on the resemblance the giant bone sticking off of his plate has to his giant penis. It is just too much fun and we probably caused more commotion in the restaurant than some of the patrons would have liked.
After dinner we Uber to where we are going dancing. I am really looking forward to burning off some of this alcohol and the dinner. Although I purposely didn't eat much because I don't want to feel too full and bloated, I didn't eat enough to absorb all the alcohol and I am still a little tipsy.
The place was just starting to fill up but we are able to get a table near the dance floor. Of course the first thing we do is order more drinks but I was at least able to drag Lisa out on the dance floor while Avery sat at the table.
We dance a few numbers and I am working up a little bit of a sweat or as we say in the south, I was beginning to get a bit dewey. It's a little warm and I needed a break but Lisa grabs Avery and they hit the floor. Avery is not much of a dancer but he has enough alcohol in him to let him be talked into it.
It isn't long before a man that I hadn't seen before comes up and asks me to dance.
"Thank you but tonight it is all about that guy for now, but maybe later," and I point to Avery on the dance floor.
He looks at me and smiles, "Lucky guy."
"Yes he is."
Lisa and Avery were on the dance floor for another couple songs and I have two more visitors stop by the table and ask me to dance but I refuse them as well. Although, I am either really too drunk to be a good judge of looks or the guys that are asking me to dance are genuinely good looking guys and they are starting to make me re-think my dancing strategy.
Lisa and Avery finally come back to the table and we sit out the next few songs, both of us chatting with and loving on Avery. When the third song starts, I am ready to go back on the dance floor and pull Avery with me. We dance a fast song and then the first slow song of the night comes on. I look over at Lisa and she just points back out at us indicating to go ahead.
The dance floor quickly fills with couples and it is pretty tight in the middle where we are. I wrap my arms around Avery's neck and lay my head on his chest as we move to the music. I can feel his hands on my back and wonder if he is going to make a move. After a few seconds, I decide to take matters into my own hands.
I look up at Avery with my best pouty look and ask, "Aren't you going to try to feel me up?"
"What?"
"You know you want to. Go ahead and feel my ass."
It didn't take any more encouragement as I feel his hand move across my lower back and down onto my ass. He caresses it tenderly and I move my right hand down to his chest and circle my fingers until I feel his nipple under his shirt. I lightly scratch across it.
I can feel his hard-on growing against my belly so I continue to run my nails across his chest to the other side and find that nipple as well. They are so tiny and cute. "I just want to bite them."
He looks down at me, "Not as much as I want to bite yours."
"Mmmmmmm, I like that."
Avery's hands are now both on my ass and fondling me. The dance floor is so crowded; I don't think anyone could see but I was getting turned on knowing that he was doing it where people could see if they looked.
Toward the end of the song, Avery brings one hand up and he rubs my right boob. He is holding me so close now, pulling me into his hard cock that we are barely moving, but the movement we have is pushing the base of his cock, right into the upper portion of my pussy. I can't help but think about how that big cock is going to feel inside of me later tonight.
I would say that I am getting wet but I have already moved into full slut mode which means that I am already dripping wet and surprised that my juices aren't running down my legs.
As the song ends, I reach down and rub my hand along the full length of his hard cock and whisper, "I can't wait to feel this stretching my pussy later." I feel his cock pulse and then I let go as we walk off the dance floor.
I would be perfectly happy to leave and go back to the room right now but it is still early and as we walk back to the table, we see Lisa talking to two men. She introduces them as Brian and Kyle and says something about being from somewhere like Ohio or something. I am having trouble paying attention between the alcohol buzz and the sexual buzz.
Both guys are really good looking and Lisa asks Avery if it's OK if she dances with Kyle.
"Of course baby, you go right ahead."
Kyle smiles and takes Lisa's hand and leads her onto the dance floor. Avery invites Brian to sit with us and have a drink and he gladly accepts. He sits on the other side of me, so that I am between he and Avery and orders another round of drinks for the table.
I am a little shocked when Brian brings up the fact that he thinks it's cool that I am their anniversary present. Lisa must be feeling pretty good to have told these two strangers about our arrangement.
Looking at Avery, Brian says, "This is one hell of a gift my friend."
Avery smiles and say, "Yes she is. She is our best friend and our sexiest friend and I feel privileged to have her with us."
I look at Avery, smile and then look at Brian.
"Don't let him fool you. They both just like me for my tits."
That seemed to break the ice and we all start laughing. It isn't long before Avery's hand moves under the table and onto my thigh. Sitting as I am, the hem of my dress is riding up to the very top of my stockings and if not for the tablecloth, you would see the clips from the garter belt where they attach to my stockings.
Avery's hand is moving further up my thigh and is barely an inch from my pussy when I feel another hand on my other thigh. I look at Brian and he is just smiling. I quickly take a big swig of the martini that was just delivered to the table and pretend to look for Lisa on the dance floor.
As the song ends, I see Lisa coming out of the crowd on the dance floor and then when a slow song starts, see her disappear back into the crowd, obviously pulled in by Kyle. I look to see if Avery is watching but find that he is looking directly at me and leans in to kiss me. At the same time, I feel his hand slide all the way up to my pussy.
I gasp slightly and pull away from the kiss. As I turn to look at Brian, I see a bit of a confused look on his face. Obviously, he heard me gasp but since he hadn't moved his hand, he wasn't sure what was going on.
Avery's fingers are sliding along my slit and I can feel my pussy lips parting and know that they must be drenching Avery's fingers. He now knows how wet I am. I involuntarily spread my legs a little to give Avery's fingers a little more room but realize that also is an invitation for Brian. As soon as Brian feels my legs part, he moves his hand higher up my thigh. He must be less than an inch from Avery's fingers that are now easily sliding along my slit and I know will be working their way into my pussy.
I feel like I should stop this but I can't. I really want to feel Avery's thick fingers in my pussy and if Brian happens to run into him, so be it.
And so it did. I wasn't sure what was going to happen but when Brian's fingers run into Avery's fingers Brian gets a funny look on his face and once he realizes what is going on he looks at me and I look back at him and just shrug my shoulders.
He just starts laughing and then says, "Damn, I love a good slut."
I kind of felt hurt when he said that but I know what he meant. I am a slut and as drunk as I am, I decide to go with it instead of trying to fight it.
Brian looks over at Avery and says, "since you beat me to the punch down there, do you mind if I work on the top a little bit?"
Avery just smiles and says, "It's up to her," nodding toward me.
Before I can answer, Brian pulls me I for a kiss and put his hand right over my tit and gives it a squeeze. Although I can taste whisky and the faint taste of cigar on his breath, he is a good kisser. Meanwhile, down below, Avery's fingers are sloshing in and out of my wet cunt. If it wasn't for the music, I'm sure anyone close by could hear it.
Brian continues to squeeze my tit but unable to grasp the nipple through the material, he decides to slide his hand inside my dress and immediately finds my hard nipple and pinches it.
I'm not really sure what to do with my hands so I reach on either side of me in search of the two cocks whose owners are accosting me. Avery's was not hard to find and neither was Brian's but there is a noticeable difference. Even though Brian is probably average or even a little better, there is no comparison.
I don't know what makes me look up but I realize that Lisa and Kyle are slow dancing right in front of us. Kyle is kissing Lisa and as he turns her around facing in toward the dance floor I see that Kyle has his hand under the back of Lisa's dress and he is fondling her ass, and it looks like he is kissing her. When I turn to look at Avery, I can tell he sees it too.
By the increase in speed in which his fingers are fucking my cunt, I don't think he minds and I am quickly approaching a whale of an orgasm.
As the song ends, Avery shoves his thick fingers deep in my pussy and twists them just as Brian pinches my nipple hard and I start to cum. I know Avery can feel my cunt spasm and my legs come together locking his hand inside of me. It has to be obvious to Brian as well because I can hear myself moaning even over the music which had just started up again.
When I open my eyes, Lisa and Kyle are both looking at me smiling. I blink my eyes and then smile right back at them. Lisa says, "I'm ready to go, how about you guys?"
I think that Brian and Kyle may believe they are included in that invitation but Lisa quickly corrects herself.
"Sorry boys, it's just us two girls and the big guy tonight. Maybe some other time."
Both Kyle and Brian look dejected but they are nice about it. They get up, both give Lisa and I each a kiss and then shake hands with Avery.
"You are one lucky SOB pal. You be sure and give us a call if you need help with these two."
"Thanks guys but I think I will be able to manage. It may put me in the hospital, but I will manage."
Everybody laughs and we head for the door. It only takes a few minutes for an Uber driver to pick us up and take us back to the hotel. The car is pretty small and Avery ends up sitting in the front seat so he won't have to bend his neck to sit in the back. That gives Lisa and I a chance to catch up about what happened on the dance floor and make out a little on the way back.
She is super-hot from all of the fondling out on the dance floor and I am still gushing from Avery's fingers and Brian's fondling. When Lisa runs her hand under my dress and feels how wet I am she is a bit shocked.
"I'm wet but you are soaked girl. We need to get you back to the hotel and into bed."
With Lisa's fingers now flicking my clit, all I can do is nod my head yes and kiss her.
It is close to midnight and there is no traffic so we are back at the hotel in less than 10 minutes. We all stroll through the lobby quickly and we are both all over Avery in the elevator, in the hallway and while he is trying to get that damn card key in the door.
We literally fall through the door and the three of us are almost completely undressed by the time we get to the bed. Lisa and I are only wearing our garter belts and stockings and we both still have our shoes on. I start to take my shoes off as I climb onto the bed but Avery looks up from taking his socks off and says, "No, keep your shoes on."
Avery lays down on his back and Lisa and I got on either side of him. His big horse cock was already hard and flopping against his belly as Lisa and I take turns licking it.
Lisa sits up and asks, "Okay Ave, how would you like your two hot sluts to serve you?'
"Well, I think I want one of you sitting on my cock and the other sitting on my face."
Lisa told me many times that Avery loves to eat pussy so that didn't surprise me at all. I look at Lisa and she motions for me to go for his cock and she moves to position herself over Avery's tongue.
"I want to see how you take that whole cock in your pussy up close," Lisa says just before her eyes go wide as Avery's tongue slides into her pussy.
I sit on top of Avery and slide along the length of his cock, lubricating him with my juices. Again, I am amazed at the size. Once I get to the tip, I use my hand to guide the giant mushroom head to my opening and start to push back onto it. It feels huge and hot and ... incredible.
The first six inches slide in fairly easily but I have to sit up on my heels and position his cock so that it is going straight into me with the help of gravity. Another 2 or 3 inches and I feel a jolt of pain as it hits my cervix. I start to slide up and down on the shaft slowly adjusting to the enormous size. I feel so full and remember how good it feels to be completely stuffed. This big cock goes far beyond where any other man's cock, including my husband's has ever reached in my cunt, and I savor the moment.
I haven't been paying much attention to what is going on with Lisa until I feel her mouth attach to my nipple. She is sucking for all she is worth as Avery's tongue works its magic on her. She goes from one nipple to the other and uses her hands to knead my breasts and pinch the nipple that is not in her mouth.
I start moving faster, up and down on the thick shaft lodged in my pussy, feeling the pain from hitting my cervix turn to ravenous pleasure. I push myself to take all of his cock and after three or four hard strokes, I feel his stiff prick push through my cervix and into my womb causing a jolt of pleasure/pain that starts an orgasm that has me seeing stars.
Lisa must have sensed it and through squinted eyes I see that she is staring at the union of my pussy and Avery's cock, completely buried inside me. She is pinching, pulling and twisting my nipples really hard which keeps my orgasm going and going until I almost fall off of Avery.
Watching me take all of her husband's cock, her husband's tongue in her pussy, and her fingers and mouth on my tits must have pushed her to an enormous orgasm as well because I could see that her head is thrown back, her mouth is open and she is moaning really loudly.
I can no longer hold myself up and I lift myself off of Avery and roll onto the bed. Lisa also moves off of Avery and to the other side of him. Between us, Avery's cock is still hard and covered in my juices but he hasn't cum yet. Lisa slides down and starts to lick him. I help her until we get him all cleaned up.
I have started to recover and tell Lisa to move up to the head of the bed and Avery to sit up. I spread Lisa's legs and position myself on all fours between her legs and tell Avery to get behind me.
I turn to Avery and say, "I want you to fuck me hard while I eat your wife's pussy. Can you do that?"
Avery nods and moves behind me and with one push he shoves  of his cock into my pussy. I bend down, opening myself even further to him and start to lick Lisa's pussy. She is a little too sensitive at first, still recovering from her orgasm, but the more I lick and the more she watches her husband start to pound my cunt with his giant cock, the more she pushes against my tongue.
My nipples are swinging against the soft sheets and with Avery fucking me for all he is worth, they are very sensitive. Lisa sits up a little and starts to pull on the nipple which starts me off on another building orgasm.
Avery is really hammering my cunt and I can hear his thighs slapping against my ass and his balls are swinging up and hitting my clit with every stroke. I can tell he is close because he is speeding up even more and I can feel his cock getting even harder inside me. When he sticks his thumb in my ass unexpectedly, that is all it takes to send me on another rocketing orgasm.
Avery feels it too and he starts shooting his load deep inside my pussy. With his cock completely buried in my cunt, I can feel 3 or 4 hot spurts shoot deep in my womb. I fell him pulling out and then 2 or 3 more ropes of his hot cum hit my ass and lower back.
I almost forgot about Lisa until I feel her scoot out from under me and then feel her hot tongue licking her husband's spunk off my back and ass and then as it drips from my now empty pussy. She is cleaning up every drop. I look to my left where she is and notice that while she is cleaning up my pussy, she has two fingers in her own pussy pumping it pretty good. I take my index finger and wet it with my tongue and lightly circle her tight little asshole before pushing it in her tight hole up to the first knuckle.
Lisa freezes for a second and then let's out a loud scream as she cums all over her fingers, and at the same time pushes back against my finger until it is fully inserted in her ass. I think that is a first for her. Based on her reaction, I don't think it will be her last.
After that, we all just fall down onto the bed, totally exhausted. We lay there for a long time before I get up and get cleaned up, followed by Lisa and then Avery. I glance at the clock and it's almost 2:30am. We all crawl back into bed, Lisa on one side of Avery and me on the other.
I wake up to the sounds of Lisa and Avery fucking. Lisa is on top and holding herself up with her arms straight out and her hands on her chest. She is moaning loudly. The room is pretty dark and I wish I could see how much of his cock she can take. I find it hard to believe she can take any of it as small and tight as she is. I lay and watch until they are finished before I fall back to sleep.
Sometime later, I feel Avery's fully hard cock pressed into the crack of my ass and his arm is around me with his hand is on my boob. It must be getting close to morning since I can see light around the edge of the curtains. Glancing at the clock, I see it is a little after 6:00am.
Avery's hard cock lodged in the crack of my ass is starting to turn me on and I wiggle against it. Avery moves his hand from my boob but I don't think he is awake yet. I roll over and reach down to touch his magnificent cock and gently stroke him.
Avery's eyes open just slightly and I reach up and kiss him. Now his hands are back on my boobs and we are kissing passionately. His tongue inside my mouth is driving me wild and I can feel myself getting wet. Avery is having a similar experience as a few drops of pre-cum slip from the end of his cock.
We kiss for a few more minutes before Avery rolls on top of me and we struggle a little to pull the sheets off and out of the way. He slowly inserts the bulbous head of his cock through my opening and my pussy opens, happy to accommodate him. He is slow and tender as he fucks me, working up to pushing the full length of his cock into me.
We fuck for what seems a long time and I am really enjoying the feeling of his big cock in me. Finally, Avery speeds up just enough and pushes just a little bit harder which tells me he is close to cumming. One final big push and I can literally feel his cum rushing up the shaft of his cock, inside my pussy. I can feel 2 or 3 squirts hit against my womb. I have a small orgasm, more from knowing that I pleased him enough to cum one more time, than anything else. It isn't an earth shaker but just what I needed to help me fall back to sleep once again.
We all sleep until close to 10:00 and then call room service for breakfast. When the young man that brings the food knocks on the door, Avery grabs a towel, wraps it around his waist and lets him in. The poor guy was a bit shocked when he looked over and saw two women on either side of the bed with an obvious open space in the middle where the man had been.
Trying not to stare but unable to not peek once or twice, he set up the food and then when he went to leave, Avery looks a little panicked and asks Lisa, "Honey, do you have any cash for a tip?"
Before she could answer I jump out of bed, completely naked and go to my purse where I fish out a ten-dollar bill and take it over to the waiter. His eyes are as big as saucers and as hard as he tried not to look, he couldn't help but stare at my tits and my bald pussy which were both fully on display. Looking down, I see quite an impressive tent in his pants.
I just smile at him as he stumbles out the door muttering, "Thank you."
As soon as the door closes we all crack up laughing. I really need to pee so I head to the bathroom and close the door. We aren't that casual yet that I want them to watch me pee. As I'm sitting there thinking about last night, I realize I don't have my garter or stockings on and can't remember taking them off. Oh well. I guess it doesn't matter but still wonder if there is anything else I don't remember.
I go back out and join Avery and Lisa as we all sit naked eating breakfast as if it was the most normal thing in the world. Afterwards I decide to take a shower and invite the other two to join me. The shower is really big but with the three of us it is kind of crowded which makes for some interesting soaping and scrubbing but no real sex. My boobs do come out squeaky clean thanks to both Lisa and Avery and I'm pretty sure that Avery's cock and Lisa's ass are quite clean by the time we are done.
We leave the hotel a little after one. Avery requested a late check-out anticipating that we wouldn't be ready by the normal checkout time. When the limo picks us up, I notice that it is the same driver as before. This time I check her out a little more thoroughly since she is wearing a black skirt instead of her black pants. She has a really nice legs that look great in her heels.
Nothing much happens in the car on the way home except that Lisa and I make out a little and we both make sure that Avery is still getting his fair share of attention. We pull up to Lisa and Avery's house first and they both get out, we hug, we kiss and they head inside.
Next door at my house, as the driver hands me my bag, she looks at me, takes off her glasses revealing the most beautiful blue eyes and says, "My name is Carrie by the way. I was hoping I might get a call but it looks like you had your hands full."
"You don't know the half of it, but I still have your number."
As Carrie turns and starts toward the front of the car, I turn to her.
"Carrie, if you don't have anything else scheduled, it's a pretty hot day and if you want, we could take a swim in my pool."
I am going to have a lot tell my husband about tonight when he calls.