FOR THE PURISTS: This is an incest story, but it is also an exhibitionist/voyeur story and hence, not hardcore sex.
*
Gavin shouldn't have been sexually frustrated, but there was no ignoring it. Even just 18, almost 19 years old and only recently introduced to the wild world of casual sex, there were numerous women he could have called up at any moment to satisfy his cravings. But tonight he didn't even have the motivation to pick up a phone. Having lots of casual sex had drawbacks, which was becoming painfully clear. He and his girlfriend hadn't spoken in weeks, and he wasn't sure why. But now he had found himself with very strong feelings for her older sister, and that hurt any chance he had of finding the right way to approach the situation.
He wanted to be alone tonight--well, not wanted as much as needed. He had been in his room, the door shut and the lights off, for hours now, just thinking. And as he sat and thought about his problems, he stared out his window, toward the neighbor's house. Waiting. Anticipating.
Gavin had perhaps the greatest view ever conceived through that window. It was the view of his neighbor's window, a window of a bedroom where the shades were usually up, and the person living in that bedroom was hands-down the most beautiful, erotic, physically perfect 18 year old redhead on Earth. And she loved to put on shows for him.
It had been a while since he'd seen a show, because when you're forced to choose between staying home and watching the world's sexiest young woman strip through your window and going out to fuck any of several very hot and horny women who were always blowing his mind, 9 times out of 10 Gavin was going to choose fucking. But Autumn--that was her name--was special enough that she was still worth taking a night off from real sex and simply enjoying a visual performance.
So far, her room had been empty. The good news was that the shades were up in Autumn's room, and the lights were all on. He knew she was home, and as soon as she came in, he'd be able to see everything. He was already prepared; sitting in his chair in the nude, his dick soft but ready. He considered even giving her a show, as he sometimes did, but tonight he really just needed to get off, and was in a rare, selfish mood.
Besides, there was something else.
Gavin lived with his sister, Alana. She lived in their late parent's basement, while he had the bulk of the main floor to himself. It offered great privacy, and tonight that meant enough privacy for Alana to have come home and not even know Gavin was still there. He had heard her enter the house and call his name to say hi, but he hadn't responded. She called again, coming down the hall to his door, but he didn't say a word. He wasn't sure what he was going to say for himself if she actually opened his door and stepped in, seeing him naked, but fortunately she only knocked before giving up.
Or maybe that was unfortunate. Gavin was attracted to his sister on many levels, and though he had tried to forget about what had happened between them in the past, he just couldn't let it go. If Autumn was the perfect physical specimen of feminine beauty, Alana was the first runner-up, and each time Gavin saw her, she seemed to be gaining. She was a blue-eyed blonde, athletic but with a soft body, an ass that sent men to their knees and a spectacular pair of large, firm, shapely breasts. She had a face everyone instantly fell in love with, and a smile that could turn your whole life around. She seemed to radiate the experience and maturity of someone older, but had the irresistible energy of someone who had yet to face the harsh realities of life.
Though she was 26 to his 18 years of age, and therefore they had never been in high school together, he knew her type: she had been the unbearably hot girl who was friends with everyone, but didn't get too friendly with anyone, which only increased her appeal. While by no means a saint, Alana had only recently come out of her shell, revealing a sexual beast that surprised even her. Gavin had witnessed her that way firsthand, which would've been bad enough if he hadn't been attracted to her already.
Alana was so much, and there was one more thing; she was bisexual. Or maybe a lesbian. Gavin wasn't sure she had even decided yet. Her attraction to women was a new thing she'd been exploring, and at least part of her considered she might be really be inclined to switch to only women. Gavin had his doubts about that, but he couldn't deny she was at least bisexual. After she left his door upon getting no response, she went downstairs, showered and changed, then went out for the night. He hadn't heard her start her car, and so he guessed where she was going.
And that was really why he was sitting naked in his chair, watching Autumn's window. It was when he spotted Alana with Autumn that Gavin had first discovered his sister's new sexuality. In fact, he had jerked off to the sight of his sister and Autumn 69ing each other through this very same window. Though he didn't know it was his sister for a few more days, Gavin knew now. He was sure Alana was going to see Autumn tonight, and so he waited, his dick stirring at the thought.
As far as he knew, Autumn hadn't changed yet, and so maybe she would be coming into her room to do this now. Maybe his sister would be in the room as she did it, watching and getting off on it, just like he would. After all, Alana didn't think Gavin was home, so there would be no reason for her to want to shut blinds.
But what actually happened was unexpected. It all started with a creak in the floor of the hallway outside Gavin's room. He knew that creak well--it signaled a person walking. He had misjudged the sounds he'd heard: Alana was still here! Judging by the sound of the creak, she didn't seem to be coming slowly. He listened for footsteps on the carpet, heard them approaching. If he was right in thinking she thought he was out with a girl, then she wasn't going to knock. And if she was coming down the hall, his room was the only possible destination. He jumped off his chair and into his closet, not having enough time to even shut the closet door before Alana boldly opened his bedroom door.
The first thing Gavin noticed was the silhouette of his sister's body in his doorway. There was much light behind her--she had left the kitchen and living room lights on, which told him that she probably wasn't adjusted to the darkness in here. That was a nice break. But if she flipped the switch on, Gavin would be as obvious as a naked man standing in the room--though he was in his closet, the door was wide open.
But she didn't turn on the light. She entered, closed the door behind her and walked further into the room. Gavin couldn't understand what she was doing. He trusted her to leave his stuff alone in his absence. Had she done this before? What was she after?
And then Alana made a soft sound at the same time Gavin caught movement out the window. Though his view from the closet wasn't great, he could still make out the sexy neighbor Autumn entering her bedroom. And then it hit him--this is why Alana was in here. She had come to watch Autumn. He was further convinced when Alana sat down in the very chair he had been sitting in and stared out the window.
The chair was in the middle of the room, and the closet where Gavin hid was off to the immediate right. If he moved, it was very possible her peripheral vision would pick up on it. But this positioning also meant Gavin had a good view of Alana, and he was finally able to observe a detail that had been concealed in the dark until now, when Alana sat herself in front of the glow of Autumn's bedroom window: Alana was naked.
She wore a necklace, and nothing else. Her breasts hung free, her ass rested directly on the seat of his chair, and the soft light coming into the room from outside painted her ultra-smooth body in a soft glow. Gavin hoped the movement of his growing dick didn't give away his position.
"Hi, baby," Alana said softly, scaring Gavin at the sudden sound and fearing he'd been caught. But she was looking out the window. Gavin could only see one side of Autumn's room, and she wasn't on that side now, so it was impossible to tell what was going on, but he doubted Autumn was actually communicating with his sister. Alana was probably doing what he often did in these moments; talking to himself and pretending Autumn was there to hear.
"Oh..." Alana said, the sound so soft and feminine and arousing. And then Gavin heard another sound, like wet flesh being agitated. He saw his sister's hand at her own crotch, moving in a slow, steady rhythm. He tried to peek further from the closet, but there was a rumbling sound outside, faint, but enough to startle him and remind him to be more careful. If he was caught, with the past he and Alana had, there's no telling what she'd do, but it wouldn't be good.
"Mmmhff..." Alana gave another erotic sound, and the wet sucking noise increased in rhythm.
Gavin was rock hard just watching her hand moving between her legs, but he also noticed her full breasts which swelled, and the thick nipples hardening at the tips. He couldn't hold back anymore, and so Gavin wrapped his hand around his hard seven inches and slowly stroked himself.
"Oh God, that's good," she whispered, eyes still on the window. "I want you to do that to me."
Gavin still could see only that Autumn's light was on, but nothing else. Obviously whatever Autumn was doing--and that could have been just about anything--was very hot, but Gavin wasn't going to kill himself trying to see when his own sister was putting on a show right in front of him. He increased his strokes, jerking off faster despite the awful risk he was taking.
"I love it when you suck my nipples...God, I can't stand this. I need you. I need you to touch me. No one makes me come like you do..."
Alana seemed even more beautiful than he remembered as he listened to her dirty talk and watched her masturbate in the dim light. She scooted to the edge of the chair, her slender, naked back erect in posture as she buried her fingers between her legs with vigor. Gavin could just make out the top of the crack of her delicious ass, and he desperately wanted to see more. Above, her breasts bounced freely as she increased the force with which she fucked her hand.
"Oh yeah, make me cum, baby, make me cum..." Alana went on and on, sounding as though she was speaking through clenched teeth. "Oh, let me taste you..."
She took the two fingers from her pussy and put them in her mouth, sucking them vigorously. Alana then put her other hand to her pussy as she licked her slender digits clean.
"Mmmhff," she moaned as she tasted herself.
Gavin nearly exploded at the sight, but the fear of cumming and getting caught made him back off a little. But he definitely didn't stop.
"I want you so bad," she said, this time louder, and her finger fucking became more furious. "I'll do anything. I'll be your whore, baby. I'll be your little whore."
That was it. Gavin was losing it. He felt the cum rushing up from his balls.
"Oh yes! Just like that! Just like that, baby!" Alana cried, tipping over the edge of her own orgasm. And then she hit it and her body shuddered violently. She dropped back into the chair fully, her body tight and her tits jiggling. She took long, deep breaths, then began moaning loudly, seemingly trying to form words but not succeeding. Her fingers continued to pound her cunt.
Gavin couldn't be as free with his climax, but it was incredible anyway. His body snapped as the cum suddenly burst forth from his dick, shooting so far into the dark he couldn't see it and raining onto the carpet. It took all of his willpower to do this in silence, but he managed.
Whatever Autumn was doing, she must have still been doing it, because Alana didn't get up to leave. She stayed slumped in the chair, gently playing with herself, using her wetness to lube her fingers, and then using her fingers to lube and stimulate her nipples. Gavin took advantage of this and began jerking himself right away again. After all, how often does a guy get to see his naked sister fingering herself and rubbing the cum on her big breasts? Gavin even managed to cum a second time before she stopped, further saturating his carpet.
When she left and the coast was finally clear, Gavin stepped out of the closet to get a look at Autumn, but she wasn't in sight. He room was still lit, but it was empty. And then Gavin remembered the sound--the faint rumbling sound that had scared him when he first peeked out of the closet. That was the sound of Autumn's old pick-up starting up! She had been gone the whole time!
And so that revelation begged the question, if she wasn't watching anything, what was his sister masturbating to? On a hunch that made his knees weak and his stomach tight, Gavin sat in his chair, feeling the wetness and warmth left by his sister, not to mention her arousing scent. He stared forward, like she had been, but tried to see his closet at the same time with his peripheral vision.
Everything was kind of blurry, but there was no doubt in his mind: if someone was standing there, he would've seen them. Before this could even sink in, Gavin heard the front door open and then slam shut, followed by the sound of Alana's car starting up and speeding away.
*
FOR MORE STORIES featuring Gavin, check out 'Watch and Learn', 'Other Side of the Wall', 'My Sister's Secrets', 'Sibling Secrets', and more.
FOR MORE STORIES featuring Alana, check out 'Alana's First Phone Fuck', 'Pillow Fight', 'Sibling Secrets', 'Sister's First Anal Fuck', and more.