Chapter 1: The City of Angels
In the City of Angels, there is no such thing as weather. It's always the same. Everyday. It was six in the evening and the sun melted on the horizon, reflecting off every surface and window in downtown Los Angeles. The 405 and 101 were packed bumper to bumper with vehicles inching closer and closer to their valley homes. It was an Indian summer in southern California, and the heat was finally starting to get the best of people. Shop owners sprayed the sidewalks down in front of their stores and people near the Ocean piled into cars to spend the remaining hours of daylight cooling off in the icy cold Pacific Ocean. Punks and elderly citizens sat covered in sweat at bus stops in the inner city, panting like dogs as their respect buses came. It was over 100 degrees still, and the people without air-conditioning were most bitter of all.
It was going to be a long night.
As the sun finally set and bled into the inevitable twilight, Nick Palmer made his way through the traffic on a tightly configured and well-maintained mountain bike. His earbuds were in, a soothing trance song drowning out the ambient noise all around him. The cares of the day slipped away from him as he eventually broke away form Santa Monica Boulevard and took back roads the rest of the way home. He had just gotten out of his last class at Pepperdine and was making his way to his Westfield apartment. It wasn't anything special -- just a small 1 bedroom he was subletting for a year from some spoiled brats running around God knows where in Europe with their parents' credit cards.
Still, he couldn't complain. He kept the place clean and the location couldn't have been better. He was just a bike ride away from the airport, the beach, school, and a nice enough movie theater.
Nick was not a complex man, like most men. He was a nice guy, good-enough looking with a great body from biking everyday. He had short-cropped black hair he gelled up and a sort-of indie meets rock and roll look to him, but he never outdid himself. Jeans and some form-fitting dark tees defined his wardrobe and he was perfectly fine with that. They were comfortable and it was a look he felt comfortable with. He was an English major at Pepperdine -- a school he got into on the grace of a scholarship program he entered back in high school. He still had some expenses to pay out of pocket, but mostly he had made out with a pretty good thing since moving out to the west coast from Kentucky three years ago.
A car drove up a few blocks away from Nick's apartment building, downtown Century City and Beverly Hills looming up in the background against an ever-darkening sky. The car parked in a residential neighborhood outside of a very expensive home. The woman behind the wheel was a rail thin brunette with a rock-hard body. Her hair was cut short and styled over her heavy make-up. Her wardrobe was skimpy at best -- short, shorts -- an elaborately designed bra covered only by an unzipped vest-sweater. Her mascara accentuated her gorgeous eyes, and her choice of jewelry was spot on for the part -- she was a hooker.
Her name was Sierra Miller. At least that's what the ID in her back pocket said...
She went to the local coffee shop and was by now used to the raised brows and harsh stares. How dare she revert to this profession in 2010, seemed to be the consensus frustration by everybody who assumed the worst of her. It made no difference to her, in fact, she was glad. This was precisely the kind of situational hazard she was thirsty for. When she put on the clothes, she never broke character. The most devoted of method actors would have been blown away by her dedication and conviction.
Still, she was kind, gentle, and good with people. She was never rude. The girls behind the counter seemed to take a liking to her. Whether they felt sorry for her or not, she didn't care. If only they knew the truth. She took her coffee a couple of blocks down and met eyes with a bear of a man in a trashy outfit sitting outside of a closed electronics store -- this was Vinnie (the pimp). He was chatting up a couple of the other girls who all called and waved to Sierra enthusiastically.
"Hey," Vinnie said with a genuine smile on his face.
"Hey," replied Sierra, used to his rugged exterior by now. She handed a coffee to Vinnie and began to dispense the others to everyone around. They all had their poisons of choice, and Sierra had memorized them all. They all made chit chat and exchanged gossip for a little while longer. Sierra interacted occasionally, but was careful never to become the center of attention. She didn't want to taint the field by involving herself anymore than she already had to. She looked over and caught Vinnie staring down at her flat stomach. She was always complemented on it. In high school, an early friend had told her that it was one of her more attractive features and that she could appropriately exploit it without being called a slut.
Anyway, Sierra let Vinnie's look go unchallenged. For one, he was in charge. And secondly, as long as he kept his hands to himself, he could look all day and night for all she cared. But really, she knew Vinnie had a soft spot for her, and besides, he treated her well. Why shouldn't she let him steal a glance from time to time? It only made her feel sexier anyway. Too bad she wasn't permanent, Vinnie thought. You see, Sierra wasn't actually a hooker -- she was just playing one undercover.
No, she wasn't an undercover cop or a federal agent or anything like that. She was actually just a regular college girl from San Diego State doing a provocative sociological study on sexuality in regards to pornography and prostitution as it relates to the single male. Right now, she was writing a first-hand experience under an assumed name based on her experiences undercover as if she were interviewing a real-life informant who had wished to remain anonymous. What her colleagues would never know was that she was actually the informant.
She had literally split herself into two identities and was always careful to make sure they never intersected. That was all about to change tonight.
Vinnie had immediately thought her to be a cop when they first met, but she soon explained herself and promised that she would always buy the girls and him coffee every day. Vinnie couldn't argue with this and brought her on board as a sort of liaison who would only oversee business, but never participate. Vinnie quickly took a liking to her even though Sierra had expressly told him on day one that she would not be seeping with him under any condition. Vinnie was disappointed by this, but soon found that he only respected her and liked her all the more for being so up-front and stern with him. He wasn't used to being told what's what by the women in his life, quite the opposite actually.
Though she would never consider this man attractive in her other life, she could see the pull and allure of his charisma in this one. He was protective of his and his own and never made Sierra feel uncomfortable. He always stood up for her and even one time knocked a guy to the ground when he shoved Sierra up against a wall during a scuttle with one of the girls she had followed into an alley in hopes of witnessing her first public sex act. Unfortunately she only ended up nursing a strained wrist with a bag of frozen peas that night. The sex would eventually come, little by little, until she was finally asked to by Leila, one of the girls she befriended, to watch her fuck one of her regulars.
It was odd, at first, watching another couple go at it, but she quickly overcame her own embarrassment and was overcome by her own sexual curiosity which she felt had laid dormant for so long now.
She sat in the corner of a dark bedroom and watched her friend Leila, a pale redhead with naturally large breasts, stick another man's dick into her mouth and bob up and down on it. She watched her fuck him in every position possible, and even at one point, take it in her ass. Sierra's panties had soaked through at this point, but she swore she would never act on her own impulses... even if they were toward something as innocent as self-gratification. Masturbation would only add fuel to a dangerous fire burning wildly inside of her.
She just about exploded when she watched Leila clamber off the man and shove his dick back into her mouth just as he cried out and shot his load deep into Leila's throat. She swallowed every drop and that was that.
Ten minutes later they were taking the stairs back down to the lobby. She couldn't believe this girl did this with a different group of guys every night.
Now, Sierra was not a prude, but she wasn't all that experienced either. She had had sex a couple of times with a guy she liked back in high school, but didn't get much out of it and just never perused it since. Today she was following girls along -- actual hookers, and watching their experiences first hand. The deeply pornographic and degrading nature of what they would do both disgusted her and fascinated her. She saw past the degradation and realized quickly it was a mutually beneficial relationship -- assuming both parties were being safe and smart about it. Not to say that's all these girls wanted out of life, but for the time being, they made it work.
Sierra quickly became immune to it all and quickly realized she was masturbating much more frequently than before she had delved into this world. Her fantasies also transformed from PG-13 romps in the hay to NC-17 fuck-fests. She even bought a vibrator that she couldn't get enough of on some nights. But they were only ever fantasies still, safe areas she could quickly create or erase at the whim of a thought -- and she would never act on those fantasies or dare to mix business with pleasure.
Until Nick...
Chapter 2: The Dance
Sierra was standing on the corner, just inside the old electronic store that Vinnie ran in the day, still chatting up some of the girls. It was by now nighttime, some of the girls already noticeably missing from the crowd -- already hard at work behind closed doors.
She saw Nick bike up and park outside his apartment's main door across the street. Sierra moved quickly when she saw him. Vinnie watched her go and knew that sparks were flying in her head with this kid. He was nice enough, he thought. He had stopped in to buy a couple of batteries once, and a pair of headphones another time. Cordial. Polite. Paid in cash. He was the perfect customer. Not too many guys like him the neighborhood really. Plus, Vinnie would never let Sierra get mixed up with a lowlife. Long as he minded his manners with her, he was square with him talking to one of his girls off the clock.
Nick was fishing through his pockets for his keys under the streetlamp high above his head.
"Hey," Sierra said approaching from across the street. Nick turned and almost blushed at the sight of her. She was always dressed to kill and take names in the process.
"Hey," he smiled back, knowing his second-take on her outfit and body did not go unnoticed. She smiled and bit her lower lip at the thought of being instantly taken in and mind-fucked in less than a second. Hopefully the fantasy took longer than that though. Men's brains made little to no sense to her sometimes.
"You ever going to buy a car?" she toyed.
"If I ever bought a car, I wouldn't be home in time to see your pretty face," he shot back.
Nick was good enough with the ladies, but just independent enough that he didn't need one in his life right now. He had some favorite sites bookmarked online whenever the feeling got the best of him. He had had beautiful girls before too, but all nice small town girls back in Harlan County and Elizabethtown. Never in a million years would he have imagined himself to be so casually conversing with a hooker (or a girl he believed to be a hooker at least).
But he wasn't the judgmental type. She was nice enough to him, and he was always going to show her the same decency and respect in return.
"Is that right, babe?" she threw back. She loved giving him pet names because she knew he was not used to them.
Nick smiled. "So how are you?" he asked.
"Can't complain. How about yourself?"
"Oh, another day, another dollar," Nick replied.
"I hear ya."
Nick smiled uneasily and knelt down, pretending to busy himself by fixing an imaginary problem with his gears. It would be rude for him to leave mid-conversation, and he didn't want to shrug a beautiful woman away so quickly either.
"So when are you going to invite me up to your place?" Sierra asked with a devilish smile on her face.
Nick's cheeks flushed red and fueled an uncontrollable smile.
"When it's not so messy, I suppose."
"You used that excuse last week - and the week before that - oh, and the week before that too," she said, honestly recalling every time he had individually rejected her.
Nick just smiled again. "Well, I guess I better get on that. But I don't suppose it would help if I said I couldn't afford a pretty girl like yourself."
"It's never polite to discuss price with a lady Mr. Palmer," she stated, eyes wide and cheeks flushed. He immediately apologized but she quickly reminded him that she had only been teasing him.
Nick turned back to his chain. Sierra loved that she could never be the center of this guy's attention. At school, guys asked her out regularly. Not that she was one of the "popular" girls or part o a sorority where guys were throwing themselves at her, but she was a confident girl.
"Anyway, price shouldn't matter. I told you... the first taste is free..." she bit her lower lip and made sure Nick had seen this gesture. He nearly froze in place when he considered her words literally.
"I -- uh -- will consider that. Trust me. But I do have to go."
"Your loss."
"Yes, I suspect that it is..." Nick hot up and walked into his building finally, dragging his bike behind him. When he got inside, he exhaled heavily.
Sierra just stood her ground a moment longer, smiled at how she imagined Nick to look right now, turned on her heel, and crossed the street.
What she was trying to pry out of Nick was an understanding of the moral implications regarding prostitution when it came to regular men who didn't or wouldn't otherwise turn to woman like her (or the type of woman she was pretending to be). She thought it might be the price, but she clearly missed the mark there, as she still couldn't seduce him. She had then thought it might be a matter of cleanliness, so she immediately brought him an actual test-result for Nick one evening just to prove to him that she was clean as a whistle.
He just smiled and shrugged her off, even then. He offered up some uneasy playful banter on his way up to the apartment just like they had just done.
This was their dance.
She wasn't actually going to sleep with him, but she wanted it to get that far at least. She was convinced every guy had a reason, and Nick's was one she longed to have. Somehow, she would find a way to seduce him and answer an age-old question for her case study.
She was going to make Nick want to fuck her one way or the other...
Chapter 3: The Art Project
They had first met when Nick nearly ran her over one day as she stepped out from a blind corner by his apartment. He had been speeding down the sidewalk on his bicycle and nearly killed her and himself in the process. A couple of pedestrians who nearly got taken out in the process shouted some obscenities in the street.
"Asshole!"
"Jackass!"
Sierra, though, had been knocked flat on her butt and Nick thrown over his handlebars. A couple good Samaritans checked to see that he wasn't injured, but he just shrugged them off. Vinnie ran over after seeing the whole thing go down from his usual chair in front of the electronics store.
"Hey, asshole, you nearly killed my friend here!" he yelled down to Nick.
Sierra wasn't all too pleased with him either.
"Yes, sorry, sir -- it was all my fault. I really am sorry..."
Sierra and Vinnie were both stung by the 'sir' -- it was a habit he had formed long ago. It wasn't anything military related, just a since of cordiality his Aunt Sandy had instilled in him long ago as a boy. She had told him it would help ease the worst of situations and mostly she had been right. Including now.
Nick looked into Sierra's eyes. This whole incident had taken place only two weeks into her stint. She immediately saw an honest and genuine compassion in his eyes and knew immediately that she could not be angry with this boy. He, on the other hand, was immediately scared and intimidated by her. Being enveloped in Vinnie's shadow didn't help either. But she quickly forgave him and the two introduced themselves -- and that was the beginning.
--
Nearly six months later, Nick sat in front of the computer and watched old episodes of Breaking Bad online while eating a bowl of cereal. His completed homework was laid out on the rickety table in the kitchen. That was another bad habit of being raised by his Aunt Sandy -- work first, play later. But still, it had never been advice that got him into any sort of trouble. It always helped him avoid it.
His cell phone rang.
"Hello?"
"Hey -- is this Nick?" came a semi-familiar female voice.
"Yeah, who's this?"
"This is Amanda, I was going to model for you this weekend?"
"Was?" He recognized the girl's voice from his Art-242 class as the in-class model the class was to work with on an individual basis for a unique photography assignment due at the end of the week. Nick's time with her was scheduled for tomorrow morning.
"I just got a call back home, one of my cousins is in the hospital and she's not doing so well."
"Oh no, I hope she's alright?" he asked, genuinely concerned, already knowing he was screwed out of his grade.
"I hope so -- she was in a car accident and is pretty banged up, but I'm going to need to fly home and be with my family is the thing..."
"Of course, don't worry about it."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, of course. Don't worry. Go."
"Okay. Thanks!"
"No worries, we'll figure it out later."
And with that, the line went dead.
"Shit..." he thought.
He had just borrowed a really nice camera and some small lights from his friend Jim in the photography department to take these pictures. The assignment was to take photos of this particular, the same model everyone in class was going to be taking photos of -- and then compare all the photos in regards to what people thought was erotica. It was also going to be an assignment going on display in the new art hall that had just been finished a few weeks ago at the end of summer. He knew many important people would be looking at these photos and wished more than anything that he was able to get something in there.
Photography was a hobby of his after all.
Nick quickly made a call to his professor who was already aware of the situation and assured him his grade was not going to suffer. The professor said he would still accept photos of a different model so long as he remained on point. He said he would attempt to find a last minute replacement, but knew that would be next to impossible with a beautiful woman on a Friday night.
But then a dim light clicked on in his head.
Nick walked over to his window. He pulled the shades aside and was looking four stories down on Vinnie chatting with some random guy, presumably a friend of his.
Moments later, Nick crossed the street and met eyes with Vinnie. He finally approached him.
"Hey man," he said.
"Hey," Vinnie came back, the other man with him looking at him just as curiously as Vinnie.
"Uh, is Sierra around?"
"She's with a client." Vinnie stated sternly.
"Oh, okay." Nick nodded, and turned back.
"Hey!" Vinnie called back. Nick turned around.
"What's up?"
"Do you expect her back soon?"
"Maybe..." Vinnie couldn't get a read on this guy but knew Sierra liked him so he tried to behave himself under his own frustrations.
"Can you tell her I stopped by, I just wanted to talk to her about something is all."
"Yeah, sure..."
"Cool."
And with that Nick was gone, Vinnie left only with a new sense of curiosity surrounding the mysterious boy next door.
--
Sierra was currently sitting in her underwear on a chair while she watched one of the other girls, Nikki, getting fucked.
The guy, one of Nikki's regulars, fucked her mercilessly from behind while furiously attacking her clit. It was hard for Sierra not to give in to her carnal desires, but recently she had found that she was comfortable slipping her hands into her pants while watching the fun unfold in front of her. She had told the clients that she was merely a bystander and would not participate with anyone other than herself. This was fine with mostly everyone. But this guy, Jack Pitts, a famous skateboarder in the area, had grown fond of Sierra.
This was fine, Sierra thought, because Jack had a big dick and had never made a move on her. She liked that he watched her touch herself through her clothes while he fucked her friend like a dog.
"So... you want to have any fun tonight little girl?" he asked.
"You already know the answer," she replied, never missing a beat while she rubbed her pussy beneath her shorts and underwear.
"Besides, I like watching you fuck Nikki," she added. She looked at Nikki who was lost in throws of passion, bridging on orgasm.
"Fine, but will you at least come here for a second?"
Sierra just looked warily at him. She was walking a fine line now.
"I won't bite," he added. Sierra considered and than got up. He approached him he held out his hand, which she eventually took.
He pulled her slightly closer to him and looked down into her eyes. He wasn't sure what his game was until he grabbed her hand and held it up to his face - the same hand she had just had down her pants and inside her pussy. He smelled her fingers and she was immediately taken aback by the fact that he now knew exactly what she smelled like. It actually turned her on as much as it shocked her.
"Wow..." was all he could say.
He pulled out of Nikki and she instinctively jumped to her knees in front of his cock while he began jerking off in front of her face.
"Watch this," Jack managed as his dick exploded and cum shot out all over Nikki's freckled little face and splattered onto her forehead, her cheeks, the bridge of her nose, and across her eyes and lips. Sierra had seen guys do this before and didn't get it at all, but Nikki was in the zone pretending to love every second of it, as if the physical act turned her on somehow.
She wondered how many times he masturbated that night thinking of the scent of her soaking wet pussy...
--
Nick was cleaning the dishes when someone knocked on his door. He went to answer it.
It was Sierra.
"Hey!" he said, half nervous and-half excited.
"Hey, so -- I hear you were looking for me," she said.
"Yes. Come in," he said, gesturing for her to enter his small apartment that he finally had cleaned. He took her coat and was stung by the fact that she was only wearing a bra as a top now.
"Can I get you anything to drink?"
"Oh, I'm good." She admitted.
"Cool."
"So..." Sierra said.
"So..." Nick repeated.
"What's up?" She almost began laughing through the awkward silence.
"Well, I was wondering if I could cash in that rain check you promised, but under a different circumstance."
"Oh?" her curiosity was immediately peaked.
"Do you do... uh... photos?" Nick nervously began.
"Photos?"
"Like, let people take your photo? Nude?"
Sierra stopped. She had never taken a nude photo of herself or let anyone else do it. Nobody had ever asked. And now that she had been, she realized quickly that the situation she always feared would finally arise had and worst of all... she was not prepared. Did she have the fortitude to stick to her guns? Could she walk away? She did well enough with Nikki earlier in the night. Why not now? What was so different about this guy?
"I..." she began.
"I offended you -- I'm sorry! I shouldn't have said anything!" he blurted out.
"No! No -- it's just, nobody has ever taken my photo... naked," she admitted honestly enough.
"Come on..." He didn't believe her.
"Serious."
"Well... would you be interested?"
She honestly considered and then suddenly got confused. "Why a photo if you can have the real thing?
"Well it's for a school project"
"A school project?" she asked, not really believing him.
He explained it to her.
"Sounds hot. Uh... wow... well..." she realized this would be the perfect opportunity to get some information out of him for her project.
She swore she'd never cross this line, but it wasn't actually sex, and she was egging him on from day one for this reason... so why not go with it? After all, she wasn't from Los Angeles, and was sure nobody would ever recognize her or even put two and two together if they thought they had. He would just explain the girl in the photo was a prostitute named Sierra, not a humble Sociology grad student named Kendra White.
"I'll make you a deal. I'll let you take my picture anyway you want, but you have to answer my questions no matter what I ask -- completely honestly."
Nick shrugged. "Sure."
"Deal?"
"Deal."
They shook hands immediately. She had him right where he wanted him.
Chapter 4: Questions
Sierra had finally asked Nick for that drink and found herself knocking back her second beer before Nick was even done setting up the lights in the bedroom. It was going to take place on his bed of all places, and she needed to get comfortable with that fact very quickly (along with her own nudity in front of a pseudo-stranger too). She stood by and decided to cut the awkward tension by starting the festivities early.
"So. First question. Have you ever had a girlfriend?"
"Sure."
Nick finished and looked up at Sierra.
"Okay, I'm ready. You can, uh, take your clothes off..."
Sierra slipped her socks off one at a time, keeping her eyes locked with his the whole time.
"How long did your most serious relationship last?"
"Two and a half years. Give or take. Her name was Ashley."
She undid her belt and pulled it from the loops.
"Did you two... make love?"
"Yes, about two months in."
Sierra unbuckled her pants and saw that Nick was in a trance, completely stoned on the idea of her naked before him in the near future. She slowly slipped her pants off and stepped out of them.
She was now standing in just a thong and bra now.
"You have a really amazing body, you know?" Nick said, while trying to take in her ass from behind. The thong she wore left little to the imagination and she could tell he wanted a better view. She helped him out by turning around to show him -- she had a tight little bubble butt that Nick couldn't help but reach out and touch ever so gently.
"Hey now..." she smiled. "Sorry..." he replied. She secretly didn't mind.
"Thanks. So, did your girlfriend let you get away with anything kinky?"
"Depends..."
"What was your favorite thing to do sexually with her?" Sierra prodded.
"My, my you're pushy."
"Hey, I'm about to get naked in front of you!" she reminded sternly.
Nick smiled. "I don't know -- I just don't know what's appropriate."
"I'm a prostitute, trust me -- I've heard and seen it all before."
"Uh, well... I liked when she was giving me head and would let me cum in her mouth... okay? I liked watching her swallow me."
With that, Sierra unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor revealing her perky little breasts with small dark nipples. They were the perfect size on her tiny little body. Nick froze. Sierra had never exposed herself to someone she had not been in a long-term relationship before -- especially under the hot lights like this. It had always been under the covers before...
"What's your favorite thing to do sexually period?"
"Uh... well, I like to go down on girls."
"Oh? Why?" This answer intrigued her.
"I don't know, I just like everything about it. I like knowing what a girl's most private area looks like and knowing what she smells and tastes like. It's just a really big turn knowing something so intimate and off limits." he explained.
"Wow... that was so hot." She breathed.
"Yeah..."
Sierra then hooked her fingers in her panties and slipped her thong off revealing her completely smooth and freshly shaved pussy.
There wasn't a hair on her body down there. She really liked to look the part. She had always kept herself well maintained down there in the past, but when she started really getting into this whole gig, she realized she had better be ready for anything and just shaved it all off. Truth be told, she loved it and it kind of made her feel like a slut when she looked in the mirror.
"Wow... you're shaved." Nick managed.
"Yeah, do you like?"
"I love it!"
"Did your ex shave?"
"Not completely... she had a landing strip." Nick admitted.
"So how do you want me?"
"Uh... over on the bed..."
Sierra strutted over and sat down on the bed, keeping her legs close together. Nick was able to make out her lips and clit ever so carefully. Sierra sat down finally and stared back down at Nick.
"Do you mind if I ask you some questions?" Nick asked.
"No... I suppose not." Sierra retorted.
"What's your favorite thing to do sexually?"
Sierra had to think... she really didn't know. But then it hit her.
"I like to be on top. What's one thing you've always wanted to do with a girl, but haven't gotten a chance to?"
"That's easy... but you might think it's degrading."
"Try me."
"I want to cum on a girl's face."
"What is it with guys and that!" Sierra exclaimed.
"I told you!"
"No, it's just... why do you guys like that anyway?" she asked.
"It's just... hot... knowing a girl will let you degrade her and look at her so violated. You know, just seeing a girl covered in your seed is hot because you know she's yours from that point on, no matter what," he stated matter-of-factly.
"Ha, quite to the point!" she exclaimed. But she took his answer to heart and saw past the part that grossed her out by the act and saw that it was more about trust than anything else.
"Open your legs..." Nick asked.
Sierra slowly opened her legs as Nick took his camera up and began to snap some photos and stopped when he saw her pussy for the first time -- her tight slit glistening wet.
"Somebody's wet..." he teased.
"Hey, this conversation is hot, I can't help it!"
"Okay move your arm up by your head, yeah just like that!"
She now looked as though posing in a Playboy from the 1950's.
"So... ever thought of me while masturbating?" she asked.
"Ha! Jesus!"
"Come on!"
"Yes! Alright!"
"What do we do when you're jacking off?" Sierra pried.
"You don't want to know if the idea of having a guy cum on your face grosses you out..."
He continued to snap candids of her as her pussy continued to overflow with juices. She was embarrassed by how wet she was getting and knowing she was completely exposed to Nick.
"Oh really!
"Yeah, really!"
Sierra finally found her hands close to her naval.
"Can you put your hand just a little lower, yeah, right there," said Nick. Her fingertips danced lightly below her naval, only inches from her smooth mound. She was starting to breath heavier.
"So, you have your way with me then?"
"And then some..."
"Why don't you take off your clothes too," she suggested.
Nick finally lowered the camera.
"I shouldn't..."
"Why not?"
"I, uh, well..." he stammered.
"You're hard as a rock?"
Nick laughed lightly. "I'm already having difficulty remaining in control..."
"Oh yeah? Well, I'm a big girl, and I want to see what you're clearly straining to hide under there..."
Nick hesitated, and then finally Sierra closed her legs. He sighed and then pulled his shirt off. His toned body struck her immediately. He unbuckled his pants and pulled them off -- his rock hard dick was pitching a tent in his boxers that neither of them could ignore. He was a lot bigger than she had imagined too.
"Wow, somebody's happy to see me," Sierra teased. Nick blushed and finally pulled his boxers off -- his rock hard member pointed right at her and pulsed as if having a mind of it's own. It was well over seven inches long and it looked engorged, almost painful for Nick. Precum formed at the tip and slowly leaked down the side of his shaft.
"Damn!" Sierra said.
Nick walked over to Sierra and sat on the bed next to her. He raised the camera and took some close-ups of her as she slowly began to trace her fingers up and down his sides that sent electric chills up his spine. He took the camera in one hand and slowly started to trace his fingers gently down her arms. He finally set the camera down and looked back at Sierra.
She looked at him curiously as he traced his hands up and down her thighs.
"You finally considering my offer..." she said, not really sure how much further she was going to let things go.
"Very much so," he replied, his cock now in his hands. He slowly stroked himself and let his hands slip over Sierra's small breasts -- air escaped her lungs as her most carnal desires flushed her system.
"I'm too horny... I might get a little rough, and I don't want you to get the wrong idea..."
"I can handle myself..."
Nick was finally overwhelmed by lust.
He dove down between her legs and immediately began licking her soaking wet cunt. She screamed out as Nick began to run his tongue up and down her slit, swallowing all of her juices as fast as he could. He began to eat her like it was the last girl he would ever be with and shoved his fingers deep into her hole at the same time. Sierra slammed back against the bed and her body jolted uncontrollably as sensations she had never felt shot up her spine and hit the most pleasing parts of her brain. Nick started to rub and suck on Sierra's tiny little clit which caused her to yelp like an animal a couple of times, and then he was back to eating her just as quickly.
Sierra bucked her hips rhythmically into Nick's face and quickly wrapped her legs around him.
"How do I taste?" she asked. Nick finally removed his fingers, which were covered in Sierra's sticky juices, and held them up to her face. She looked at them curiously and was bit by the pungent odor of her own pussy that immediately turned her on even more. She took the hint and slowly took Nick's fingers into her mouth and sucked her own precum off of his fingers. It tasted bittersweet, but she loved it. He went back to sucking her pussy dry as she arched her back and quickly began to shake, as if in a seizure.
"Nick, I'm cumming! Oh my God!" Sierra cried out as Nick finally got up and shoved his dick into Sierra's soaking cunt and began to pound away at her like a jackhammer -- Sierra's eyes went wide the second he went inside her and she came down hard on his dick like a vise. She cried out and Nick nearly came himself, but he was able to overcome it as he felt Sierra's pussy clamp down hard on him.
She finally screamed out and her body went rigid as a board... and then she went limp as a ragdoll and he slipped out of her.
"Wow..." she exhaled and fell back onto the bed.
Nick looked into her eyes and down at his throbbing member in his hands, overflowing with precum. It was practically painful at this point.
"You're not done yet," he stated.
"Give me a -- " but Nick had pulled her up to him and stood before her on the bed and quickly shoved his entire length down her throat. She immediately gagged as he started to buck his hips against her head and slowly fucked her face. She reached up and placed her soft hands against his abs to push away, but he just grabbed the back of her head and pulled her closer to him -- his dick sliding deeper into the mouth.
"Can you deepthroat?" he asked, lost in his own pleasure. She just mumbled on his cock. He didn't care what the answer was. He started to pick up the pace and felt a familiar sensation build up deep inside his balls. Finally, Sierra held her hands up, knowing she was powerless against his grip. She was going to let him use her like this, and knew it was about to end anyway.
"Sierra!" he cried out as he slipped from her mouth and stroked himself right in front of her face.
She tried to back away instinctively but he caught her by her hair and forced her head back to his cock just as streams of thick white cum shot out of his dick and painted her face one jet at a time. The cum landed across her hair and face, she felt as though it were raining and couldn't believe how much he was pumping onto her. It never stopped.
"Oh!"
A jet landed in her eye and finally Nick plunged his member back into her mouth and shot the last few loads deep into her throat, forcing her to swallow instantly.
He finally released himself from her mouth and from his deadly grip as she collapsed back on the bed next to him. She stared back at him and saw that he was back to normal, but was looking at her in a new way. She was covered in his cum that dripped down the sides of her face, and knew that this had been his fantasy for some time. She decided not to immediately clean herself up, but let Nick take in his wild fantasy. Still, she felt sick, like she might vomit -- how disgusting this was had not even begun to set in for her.
But she was now his whore, and whatever that entailed... she would abide by.
"Is this what you wanted?" she managed.
"Yes..."
"Do I look like a proper little slut?"
"Like a fucking whore..." he added. She smiled. Nick reached out and wiped some of his cum from the side of her face and fed it to her, she reluctantly accepted and swallowed. She then leaned back and fell victim to tunnel vision -- she was completely drained.
Nick looked over at her and Sierra knew that she would not be getting much sleep that night.
Chapter 6: Crossing The Line
"I hope I wasn't too rough..." Nick asked, genuinely concerned.
"No, I'm just glad you got that out of your system," she smiled back at him while wiping some more of his cum off her face and slipping it into her mouth to turn him on again. She wasn't crazy about the idea of literally eating his seed, but she was playing a part and truth be told, it ruined her tonight. She was no longer herself, but a rather a culmination of countless months worth of character creation -- she had assumed this character's identity now to her very core, the way David Webb became Jason Bourne at the drop of a hat when bullets started flying.
Her real name was Kendra White, and she had only been moonlighting as Sierra in the beginning. Though, as time went on, the fantasies slipped from Sierra's life into Kendra's. Then, the attitude had been affected, and a balance of power slowly shifted within her. Kendra had been tainted now, and the two personalities slowly started to blend together. She was beginning to lose her mind the last couple of weeks, not really sure what she wanted from what life anymore.
But for now, she lost herself to Sierra and was enjoying every minute of it, solely because it was not a life she would otherwise seek out. Only, unlike the other girls, she had the opportunity to walk away whenever it got to be too much.
She was back with Nick...
"Yeah..." he breathed.
Nick was slowly stroking himself while staring at Sierra's nude body. She took note of this and found the idea to be completely erotic. Her most private areas flushed and she felt a tickle inside her that she knew would only lead to trouble.
"Here..."
Sierra reached out and grabbed Nick's soft dick and slowly took it into her hands. He shuddered, obviously still sensitive from his orgasm. She slowly, ever so slowly, started to stroke him while her other hand traveled down her sides, across her naval, and down between her legs.
"Just let me do all the work," she said.
Nick just nodded and watched as Sierra slowly fingered herself while giving him a handjob. Sierra's breathing increased and sweat formed at her brow. Nick's dick was nearly fully erect by now -- she looked down, impressed by how quickly and largely it had grown. It made her horny and she rubbed her self with new enthusiasm. She closed her eyes and imagined what they would be doing next.
"What are you thinking about?" he asked.
"You... fucking me," she admitted.
"How?"
"Anyway you want..."
Nick exhaled and looked into Sierra's eyes when she opened them. They stared at each other, and Sierra was immediately aware that she was still wearing his cum, by now slowly drying to her face and mixing in with her sweat.
"If you want to clean up... I'd, uh, like to kiss you..." Nick admitted.
Sierra just stared at him and suddenly stopped. "That's usually the only thing we don't do."
"I know, but it's a turn on for me, and... you have very beautiful lips..."
Sierra was in Heaven. She nodded, and, as graceful as she could, slipped from bed. He caught a glimpse of her nude ass for the first time bouncing with each step she took. She was consciously aware of his eyes all over her naked backside the whole way to his bathroom. Nick continued to rub himself as he heard the sink turn on. A beat later, she emerged from the bathroom, her face and hair wet, but completely clean. He lied there, taking her in from the doorway. She then strutted over to him and crawled back into bed next to him.
Nick leaned in and met his lips on her soft skin. Their lips touched and his tongue found it's way into her mouth -- their tongues danced with each other as he slowly started tracing his hands up and down the lengths of her naked arms and legs, an act that sent chills down her back. She was in junior high again and this was her electric first kiss. Their hands found each other's privates and soon it was a race. They met eyes as they continued to pleasure each other, the sounds of their physical actions the only thing filling the empty space between them. It was awkward, but their pleasure outweighed their embarrassment.
Eventually, Sierra got up, and climbed on top of Nick and lowered herself onto his dick, it pushed deep into her cunt and she exhaled, still so sensitive from their previous quickie. They met eyes and she started to gyrate against him. Soon, she was riding him and his hands were at her sides. She leaned back and began to buck her hips wildly -- Nick was taking her in and loving the show. He could see his dick slipping in and out of her tight pussy.
"You're really tight... you know," he managed. It was actually starting to hurt.
"Is that a compliment?" she smiled.
"Yes!"
Sierra continued to fuck Nick like a wild animal and dug her nails deep into his flesh. Finally, Nick grabbed her, and pulled her off of him. He stepped off the bed and positioned his dick right at her face. She took the hint and took his full length into her mouth and began to suck her own cum off his dick. The pungent odor flew into her nostrils and drove her wild, nothing but a culmination of exotic pheromones and mixed cum that acted like some sort of toxic love potion on her. Plus, she loved that, for the first time, she knew exactly what she tasted and smelled like too.
Nick pulled his dick from Sierra's mouth and told her to turn around. She smiled up at him.
He got behind her and she braced herself. She nearly cried out when he plunged deep into her hole and grabbed her waste for support. Then, he began to fuck her like she was nothing more than a fucktoy for him. But it was more than that, he started to fondle her breasts and rub her clit from behind. He even pulled her up close to him and started kissing her neck and nibbling at her ear.
"You have the tightest pussy!" she breathed into her ear.
"You said that..." she managed out between breaths.
"But I want something tighter..."
Sierra's eyes opened suddenly, but she didn't miss a beat with Nick. She realized what he was inferring. She could never have anal sex! It not only didn't interest her at all, it sounded painful as hell. Plus, it disgusted her beyond belief. But then again, not long ago, she had let this kid ejaculate all over her face. If she didn't give in to his every demand, he would start to ask questions and get the wrong idea about her feelings toward him -- for the negative that is. She wanted to give him what he wanted, even though she was suddenly nervous as hell. She felt like she were sitting in that one roller coaster you're afraid to go on, slowly rising higher and higher into the sky preying that it won't be much longer until the ride were over.
Higher, and higher, she waited for it to come...
She finally turned around as he continued to fuck her. "Do you have a condom?" she managed.
"Yes."
She just nodded back at him for confirmation that he would wear one.
Nick slipped from her and rushed over to his nightstand on the opposite side of the bed and dug through his sock drawer until coming across a condom. He walked back over as Sierra just waited in position.
Nick had always wanted to fuck a girl in her ass because it seemed like it would feel amazing. He also wanted to make a girl feel as uncomfortable as he felt good. It wasn't a masochistic thing, but more an intimate thing pertaining to trust and openness. Plus, she was a hooker. Why not use her to act out all his fantasies? Besides, she had an amazing ass and knew she would feel amazing once inside her tightest hole.
He peeled the condom onto his dick and then positioned his dick at her tight little hole. He started to push in and she screamed.
"I'm sorry..."
"Do you have any lube?"
"Uh... here," he said as he stuck his fingers deep into her soaking wet cunt and then used them to rub her juices up to her forbidden hole -- he pressed his fingers into her and she let out a whimper, but they went in.
He slowly pushed in and out of her ass and then removed his fingers to replace his dick. He put his dick at her base and slowly pushed -- it sank into her and she could only grit her teeth and wait for it to be over. But as she took him inside her, she was instantly turned on at a level she had never felt before. She started rubbing herself furiously as he sank his full length into her.
"Oh my God! You're so deep inside me!" she cried out.
She knew her orgasm would be unchallenged.
Nick started to push in and out of her as he slowly fucked Sierra in her ass from behind. She just moaned, half from pleasure, half from pain.
"How are you?" he asked.
"Not bad... it feels... good, actually."
He continued to pump in and out of her and felt like he was fucking the tightest thing his dick would fit into -- he almost came right then and there.
"Have you ever done this before?"
"No..."
"I thought you were a slut..."
"I'm your slut!"
He continued to fuck her tight hole and found that it became easier as her body loosened up to his girth. Suddenly, Sierra began to scream out.
"Stop... please," she pleaded. Nick pulled from her ass causing his dick to pop out of her. He ripped the condom from his engorged member and then shoved his dick deep into Sierra's welcoming pussy.
"Oh my God!"
He shoved her face down onto the bed and then bent over her from behind while still thrusting in and out of her. He leaned up close to her ear and said, "I want to cum inside you...".
"I'm on the pill, go ahead! Shoot your load into me," she replied. With that, Nick pulled out of her, turned her around on her back, climbed on top of her and entered her missionary style -- he started making out with her, but suddenly lifted her legs. Sierra wrapped them around Nick's back and he picked her up and started fucking her while standing up. He immediately pushed Sierra over to the wall back first and started to ravage her pussy.
She cried out as he violently fucked her pussy and made out with her at the same time.
"I'm going to cum Nick!" she screamed while she bit his lower lip so hard she actually broke the skin and watched it started to bleed. She screamed out, at the top of her lungs as her muscles contracted down on Nick's dick, forcing him to cum -- he shot load after load of cum into her chasm and it filled the inside of her pussy. Her cum mixed with his and the mixture leaked out from between her legs where their hips met.
They collapsed on the floor, and Nick slowly tried to keep going, his cock now soft inside her. It hurt both of them and he eventually pulled free and collapsed next to Sierra whose pussy immediately overflowed with Nick's and her cum. She felt embarrassed when Nick looked over to see the ghastly sight, but was far from caring.
Nick began to kiss and up and down her neck and the two kissed passionately, almost tirelessly. He reached down and put his fingers inside of Sierra and slowly fingered her until she started to moan again.
Sierra blacked out when Nick finally made her came, and was only half-conscious when she felt him climb on top of her again...
Chapter 5: The Morning After
Hours later, Sierra awoke to a calming early morning blue that had washed over the bedroom. She checked the clock and realized it was not even six yet.
More alarming, she was on the living room floor wrapped in a cocoon of blankets and pillows. This was not something she remembered, but when she saw the empty bottle of champagne discarded to the side on the carpet, she assumed that was why. She was nude; her body covered in a thin film of oil, dried sweat and cum, and neglected makeup. She must have looked awful.
She climbed out of the shell and found Nick, laying somewhere deeper inside the haphazard pile of blankets. She smiled at the sight of him -- he seemed so peaceful while sleeping. She found her way into the bedroom and quickly dressed.
She was careful to open and close the door as quietly as possible.
It was jarring to see how early the world had already taken to booting up, the streets already filled with cars going this way and that. Pedestrians rushed by her, fully dressed with coffees and pastries in their hands, their hair still wet from the shower. It was tomorrow somehow, even though yesterday had just ended. The sun would not even be up for another twenty or so minutes. Plus, outside of the cool air conditioning in Nick's apartment, it was already blistering hot. This was absurdity.
In the City of Angels, there is no such thing as weather. It's always the same. Everyday. It was now six in the morning and the sun bled into the horizon, reflecting off every surface and window in downtown Los Angeles. The 405 and 101 were packed bumper to bumper with vehicles inching further and further from their valley homes. It was an Indian summer in southern California, and the heat was too much. Shop owners sprayed the sidewalks down in front of their stores and people near the Ocean piled into cars to spend a spare hour of morning cooling off in the icy cold Pacific Ocean. Punks and elderly citizens sat covered in sweat at bus stops in the inner city, panting like dogs as their respect buses came. It was going to be over 100 degrees again, and the people without air-conditioning were most bitter of all...
--
On the drive home, Sierra's mind raced faster than her heart. She did not know what to think of what had just transpired, or what it said about her own self. She was a college student who went on dates and put out after an allotted time with someone who bought her flowers and took her to the movies. But last night, she had been used and taken -- simply for another man's pleasure. She needed coffee, and something on her stomach to think clearly, but all she could do was think about Nick.
'Shit', she thought. She was developing feelings for this guy.
And he thought she was a whore...
TO BE CONTINUED...