Things really do start small and well, I suppose mighty oaks really do grow from little acorns. What started it was a billboard that we pass when I'm taking my wife, Deb into work. You know the sort of thing you pass them and glance at them everyday.
I'm not even sure what this one was advertising however it certainly caught my attention as it had around 25 squares each with a naked bottom in it. They were male and female and all black and white. I pointed it out to Deb and we had a giggle about it as we were stuck in the usual rush hour traffic.
"I wish my bum was up there." She giggled. I pretended to be shocked and replied,
"What? Show your arse in public, where anyone could see."
"Well no one would know it was me, so why not?" She said, quite reasonably. The conversation progressed as we inched along the road. Of course I teased her wondering just how far she reckoned she would go.
By the time were were close to her work I was asking,
"So you'd happily go naked in front of a group of strangers?"
"I'd love to be naked in front of a group of strangers." She said. She gave me a naughty smile and a peck on the cheek and she was out the door and off to her office.
Deb has always been a bit of an exhibitionist. She has always gone topless on holiday without any qualms. She will often go braless (which my friends love and always seem to notice). She likes tight jeans and short skirts and she loves the effect her body can have on men.
At this time she was 35, a size 10/12 with long brown hair, she has what I suppose is a voluptuous, curvaceous figure. She has quite wide hips that give her a big, curvy bum, a slim waist and 44DD boobs, that I adore. She has sensitive, thick nipples at the centre of large pink aureoles. She is only 5'4 but has shapely legs and the icing on the cake is her face, she is extremely pretty. With large innocent eyes, sharp cheek bones and a sexy smile.
I love seeing her naked but I didn't for a moment think she meant what she'd said in the car about wanting strangers to see her charms.
That was when fate took a hand. A couple of weeks after the conversation Deb and I had in the car, I was out having a beer with my oldest friend John. I must point out at this point that I'm not much of a drinker, unlike John and so I was pretty drunk while he still seemed quite sober. He was telling me that he was looking like getting a promotion at work.
His boss was retiring and he was favorite to take his place. The fly in the ointment was as John was closest with his boss, he'd been charged with sorting out the leaving party. John works for a building firm and so the party would be all men. There was a secretary but apparently she had already cried off as the boys had been to rowdy for her last time they had a night out.
"What do I know about organising a party?" John moaned
"Easy. Take them to a boozer get them all pissed. Job done." I told him.
"That what I thought. Now they all want a stripper. Where the fuck do you get a stripper?" He said. John told me he'd phoned round a few agencies but they all thought he was some sort of pervert. Which had me laughing. Now a sober me would not have suggested what I did,
"You should ask Deb." I said.
Of course he thought I was joking but in my inebriated state I persisted and I even told him to come back to our house and talk to her about it. Well he looked dubious. I don't blame him. He'd known Deb nearly as long as I had. Well over ten years and I knew he had had a long term crush on her. Now I was suggesting he say to her "Hey Deb how do you fancy being a stripper? Love to see your tits!"
Back at our house I told Deb John had something to ask her. He blamed me of course and apologised for asking and then he explained the situation and that he needed a stripper and that I had suggested her. She looked me with daggers in her eyes.
"What made you think I do it?" She asked me
"Well in the car the other week you said you'd love to be naked in front of a room full of strangers." I responded with my drunken logic. She thought about what I'd said then replied,
"What I meant was...well I mean...er...John isn't a stranger."
"So if he stepped out of the room while you performed you'd do it?" I asked, more to tease her than be serious.
She was thinking now and so I continued,
"After all you do all those keep fit, dance classes, you'd easily be able to pull it off."
She was quite. John had been silent up to this point but then he said,
"You'd be doing me a real favour Deb. I'd really owe you one."
She still looked dubious and finally said,
"Look, I'll think about it and tell you tomorrow, now I'm off to bed."
The following day was Sunday and slightly hung over I slept in. Truthfully I'd forgotten about the previous evenings conversation. When Deb had gone to bed I assumed that was her way of saying no without losing face. She brought a couple of coffees to bed and snuggled in beside me. It was she who brought up the subject of stripping.
"We're you two idiots serious last night?" She said.
"About what?" I responded, playing dumb
"About me stripping for a room full of guys, you dick." She said, with mock exasperation.
"Oh that. Don't worry babe it was just the beer talking. I never really thought you'd do something like that." I told her.
"Well that's a shame, 'cause I've decided to do it." She said
She went on to explain that when she had gone to bed she had ended up thinking about the whole scenario. Her naked, controlling a room full of men and the idea had turned her on no end. She had actually ended up masturbating as she thought about it while I saw John into a taxi downstairs. Well I have to admit I was shocked and somewhat surprised at her decision. But I let her call John and tell him the news.
She would be his stripper, However she insisted that she got paid, he bought her outfits and she would only go topless with a g-string to cover her modesty. No one would be seeing her pussy. John readily agreed and the time and place were set. I did notice that she hadn't told him that he couldn't watch. So it looked like my friend would be getting a look at my wife's goodies.
Once she had agreed there was no backing down and she spend hours rehearsing her performance for me. She would be doing two strips. Each lasting two songs. By the time the night was approaching she knew to a tee when her blouse would be gone, her skirt and she would only remove her bra for the last 10 seconds or so. Even so a whole group of strange men and my oldest friend would be getting to see her tits.
I suppose I should tell you this was quite a way out of Deb's comfort zone. In day to day life shes a legal secretary at a large firm of solicitors. So the idea of her stripping for a group of baying builders is really not what you'd expect from her. At work she dresses soberly in a business suit. I sometimes wonder if dressing slutty at the weekend is her way of rebelling. But stripping? Even on the way to the venue I didn't really believe she would do it.
I was along as her minder. Me as a minder had me smiling, what I would do with a room full of burly builders I have no idea. Still the plan was for me to stand looking grim in the hopes it stopped them groping her tits.
I have to say I was excited by the whole idea. Deb had virtually been on heat for the week before this and I don't know when we'd fucked so much. She was clearly turned on and excited by the whole idea. Now though it was time to put up or shut up and neither of us really knew what to expect.
The venue was the function room above a pub and Deb had been given the upstairs ladies loo as a dressing room. There was a low, tiny stage where the guys were doing karaoke as we went in and a small wooden dance floor. I was in charge of her music as well as being the worlds worst minder.
There were about 15 guys in the room and they ranged from 18 year old apprentices to men in their mid fifties. It looked like they had had a bit of a session already, as quite a few of them looked pretty drunk.
While Deb was changing into her first outfit John introduced me to his boss, James. He may have been retiring but he was only fifty five and looked fit and tanned. When I spoke to John alone he was shaking with excitement. I knew he'd always fancied Deb now this was his chance to see her virtually naked. There was no way he'd miss this and no way he'd be leaving the room. However he would be the only man there who knew the stripper and knew the stripper was my wife.
I got a buzz on my phone telling me that Deb was ready and with shaking hands and knocking knees I introduced her to the room,
"Gentlemen, please put your hands together and welcome the lovely, Candy!"
We'd decided on Candy as a stage name and it suited her and gave her someone else to become. Deb was a well behaved wife, Candy was a naughty stripper. I started the music and Deb appeared. She was dressed as a police woman, including holding a short, phallic looking truncheon.
Something she hadn't considered when she'd agreed to do this was camera phones. Sure enough as soon as she appeared several men took out there phones and pictures and video was being taken. It was too late to back out now though.
She danced and shook her ass through the first song, taking off her tunic and checkered cravat, then unbuttoning her blouse. It gaped and her bra covered breasts were being flashed. Deb was enjoying herself but she was stripping faster than in rehearsal. Before the end of the first song she was down to her bra, g-string and stockings.
She must have realised this and so she improvised picking up her cravat she held it in both hands and found James in the crowd. She put the cravat behind his head and pulled his face between her tits.
The men yelled there approval and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Then she picked on an apprentice and did the same. He was blushing bright red as he came up for air after having his head nestling between my wife's luscious tits. Finally as the song entered its last 40 seconds she spun back to the center of the small dance floor and undid her bra.
She held the cups against herself as she danced then with the song heading for its close she dropped the bra and exposed her naked breasts to a cheer from the men. She danced for a few seconds with her hands above her head, naked but for her stockings and tiny g-string. With her arse and tits fully exposed she did a slow spin and then with a smile and a wave she went beck to the dressing room/loo.
I joined her in the dressing room to make sure she was OK. She was shaking with adrenaline. Buzzing from the excitement of what she had just done
"God I loved that! I'm so fucking horny! You better be ready to fuck when we get home mister!" She said. Well I was and I told her so. I told her how good she'd been how much the men had enjoyed it.
The next routine had her starting by teasing James, kissogram style before finishing with another strip. I went out and set things up. I put a chair in the middle of the dance floor and when my phone buzzed I asked James to sit on it. He did as I requested, smirking as he sat down and then I reintroduced them to Candy.
"Ok guys she's here to dance for you again, Are you ready for some more Candy?"
They roared there approval and she strutted onto the dance floor. Her hair was in pigtails and she was dressed as the sluttiest of school girls. A real St Trinians tart. School blazer open with a loose tie and a white blouse open to the cleavage, short skirt with stocking tops on show. God! I could have fucked her right there and then. The way some of the men touch themselves I wasn't alone in that thought either.
She danced just in front of James, just out of reach. Bending forwards so her arse was on show for him and she groping her own tits as she looked around the group, making eye contact with John I noticed. Then she spun and faced James, taking off her tie and then straddling him. Well this hadn't been in rehearsal! She repeated the trick of using the tie to pull him into her cleavage. This time though as she did it his hands were on her naked buttocks openly groping her large round ass. She didn't stop him.
All around the room phones were recording the action. I noticed John was filming Deb and had even changed position to get a better view of her bum. After letting James feel her arse for a few seconds Deb stood back and nodded to me. I turned up the music and she started her strip, still with James as the focal point. His pants were bulging and I realised that when Deb had straddled him she would have felt his hardness pushing against her most intimate area, covered as it was by just thin, flimsy material.
As she danced she kept eye contact with James. First her blazer went, then her blouse. And when she stepped out of her skirt the first song was just ending. Just 10 seconds or so into the second song she sat on James lap, facing the room and asked him to undo her bra. He did as asked and helped himself to a good feel my wife's tits as he did so.
She stood back up, naked but for her tiny g-string and had 3 minutes to fill. Her ass shook as she moved and gyrated, bending over to show off her arse in front of the men and all eyes, including my best friend, John's were on her naked, bouncing tits.
Again she straddled James facing him and writhing on his lap with just the thin g-string between his hardness and her sex. This time he made a proper meal of her tits. He sucked her nipples and groped her breasts as she rubbed herself on his bulging hardness. The men were loving what they were seeing. She allowed him a good 30 seconds of feeling her ample tits and sucking her stiff nipples, then danced back shaking her tits in front of men including John, as she circled the group.
The song had about 40 second left and she turned away from the group and faced the empty stage. James was a couple of feet behind her looking straight at her arse. As she swayed to the music, she started playing with the sides of her g-string teasing them that she would pull it off. Then to my total shock, in a swift movement and with at least half a dozen phones filming her she bent forward, almost touching her toes and in a swift movement she removed her g-string.
She stood and shook her naked ass and the men were cheering as she slowly turned and showed them her shaven slit. She did a slow circuit of the group allowing each man a good look at her pussy. John and another at least another four men filming her as she danced by them. Then as the song ended she disappeared back into the dressing room/loo.
I joined her and she was shaking with the sheer exhilaration of what she had just done. I hugged her and told her how proud I was of her. I told her about the phones filming her and she had already spotted them. She admitted that she'd quite like to see the footage. I asked how she felt about John, a man she knew well having seen her naked and she was unconcerned. Or pretended she was.
"Its only my pussy. All women have them." She said.
We chatted for half an hour or so as she packed her makeup and outfits away. I couldn't wait to get her in bed and fuck her. Then there was a knock on the door. It was James. I allowed him in and he spoke to Deb, slightly slurring his words as he spoke.
"The lads and I were just wondering if you would do a third spot. We'll pay extra of course."
"I haven't got another outfit or music." Deb said.
"You could make one from the other outfits and we'll find you some music." He responded.
Then he continued getting to his real request,
"Ten or so of us are having a lock in and if you would perform for us we were wondering...you know er...how far you'd be willing to go?"
"Well I can't go much further you've all already seen my pussy." Deb said.
"We were just wondering if maybe you'd ...you know, get someone on stage and maybe have a bit of fun with them." He pushed.
"I'm not a prostitute!" Deb told him.
"No. No we get that. We just meant teasing one of the apprentices, you know getting his cock out. That sort of thing." James said holding up his palms defensively.
Deb looked at me for a moment and then Candy kicked in.
"How much are we talking?" She asked. Well it was over double what they were already paying. Not that the money mattered, but it's what Candy would have asked.
"OK, but I make the rule's. Understood?"
"Understood." James said and left to tell the guys the good news.
"What will you do out there? Will you really get someone's dick out?" I asked
"Truthfully, I don't know. I know I'm enjoying myself. This stripping shit is addictive. How do you feel about this?" Deb asked me.
"Honestly I'm as horny as hell...But playing with another man's cock. ..I'm not sure. Oh fuck it! What happens out there stays out there. I'll never hold it against you. After all I got you in to this and I suppose I could have stopped it at any point. What the hell, in for a penny in for a pound. Just this once let Candy out." I replied
"I fucking love you." She said and we hugged long and tight.
She put on her g-string and bra, a short black skirt and her white blouse unbuttoned to the breast. She was already wearing black, hold up stockings and heels. When she was ready she looked at me and said,
"Are you sure your OK with this?"
I really wasn't at all sure I was. She was dressed like a whore, about to strip, probably naked and likely to play with another man's dick. But I found myself replying
"Sure babe go out there and have some fun."
"In that case go and tell them that Candy is ready to play." She said.
There were about ten men left including John and James and they were all pretty drunk. As agreed with Deb I started her music but had it a bit quieter than last time so they could hear her.
She strutted out looking just like the slut they wanted her to be and said,
"I hear you want to play boys?" They all shouted their affirmation.
"Well Candy's rules are you do as your told and there's no touching...unless I say so...OK?" She said and they all agreed. I placed a chair on the small, low stage as Deb danced and stripped to the music. She was soon in just her g-string, bra and stockings and she pointed at the chair and shouted,
"So who wants some fun with Candy?"
Several of the men including James pointed at a young apprentice lad and Deb took his hand and led him to the stage. She tied his hands to the sides of the chair with her tie and cravat. Then she straddled him and pulled his head into her cleavage as she rubbed her pussy against his groin. She then danced back and as she maintained eye contact with the young lad she removed her her bra, like she was exposing her tits just for him.
For the third time that evening her breast were exposed, this time only a couple of men were filming. The rest wanted to concentrate on seeing Candy strip. The men hollered their approval as she then rubber her naked tits in the young man's face. She rubbed his crotch with her hand and then looked at the rest of the men while making a mock surprised face.
She maintained the shocked expression as she undid the apprentices jeans and in a swift movement she pulled down his jeans and underwear. His very stiff cock bounced into view. Deb danced back leaving the poor lad tied up with his stiff cock exposed to his workmates. She circled the men just out of reach and shook her tits and bent over for them then she returned to the stage. She ran her hand from the lads balls to the tip of his cock and then bent over with her arse facing him.
With how thin the g-string was he would have virtually been looking at her arsehole and the puffy bald sides of her pussy. The poor lad couldn't help himself, he ejaculated. A fountain of spunk sprayed from his cock and landed on his thighs. Deb saw and gave a satisfied smile at what her body had forced the lad to do.
Then she showed mock disappointment and told the men,
"Candy wanted a lapdance what should I do now?" Of course they all volunteered to take his place.
"OK, if you want a lapdance show me what I'm lapdancing on. Candy wants a treat too!" It took a few seconds for them to realise what she was asking them to do and then all the men present, including John took out their cock's.
Just over half were hard the rest clearly suffered from brewers droop. Deb flicked one of the drooping dicks and made a mock "Aww" sound as she looked at the man flaccid penis. Then she was stood in front of John and his cock was rock hard. She wrapped her hand around his cock and pulled back the foreskin. I held my breath, watching my wife holding my friends cock.
"Mmm this is a nice one." She said looking from his cock to his eyes. Then she dropped him and moved to another man. She stroked several of the erect cocks before releasing the embarrassed young lad and beckoning to James.
"After all it is your party." She told him
She tied him to to the chair by his wrists and then to the leery, cheering of the men she stripped off his trousers and underwear. His hard cock stood proud and Deb faced him there were whoops and whistles from the drunken men she very slowly removed her g-string. She was naked she strutted proudly round the semi circle of men, showing off her ass, tits and bald pussy before stopping at her pile of clothes. I could tell from the look on her face that she'd had an idea and that it was a naughty one.
She took the small truncheon she used earlier as a prop from the pile and made her way back to the stage. The next thing she did completely took my breath away. She sat on the small stage facing the men and with every man watching intently, she very slowly opener her legs, giving them an unobstructed view of her shaven slit and then pushed the end of the truncheon up and down the lips of her pussy. Looking men in the eye as she did it.
Then with every eye and several camera phones on her she pushed it inside her cunt and slowly fucked herself with is as she looked at them, almost challenging them. Several men took out their cocks and openly wanked as they watched her. Others touched themselves. The only one who couldn't see her was James and you could hear his frustration.
Deb beckoned to John and told him to use the truncheon on her. As I watched my best friend pushed the faux dildo in and out of my wife's gaping and now very wet cunt. He fucked her with the thick black toy, getting a close up view of her tits and pussy, even close enough to smell the scent of her sex. She took hold of his cock and masturbated him, like they were alone, lovers having foreplay before sex.
I found that I had stopped breathing as I watched my wife and best friend pleasure one another. They mutually masturbated each other as the rest of the men watched and many wanked. The whole thing can't have lasted thirty or forty seconds and then he was cumming over her hand.
His eyes fixed on her bald slit with the black truncheon wet and filling her. As soon as he came she sent him back to the crowd and stood facing James looking from his cock to Johns cum on her hand. Then she wiped John's spunk over James's hairy chest.
Next she stood in front of James and she pushed the truncheon in and out of her pussy as she looked at his straining cock and licked her lips. The rest of the men now openly wanked as they watched. With my heart pounding and my stomach churning, she straddled James, but not so low that he could get his cock in her, however much he strained to do so.
However she did let him suck her nipples and they were very erect. She teased him, lowering her body until his dick was less than an inch from her open pussy. Then she would raise herself up and then slowly lower herself again. Teasing James beyond belief.
She even allowed his cock to just brush the lips of her moist slit for a moment then again raised herself out of reach. A chant started up from the men "Fuck him, Fuck him, Fuck him!" This time she reached down and held his cock firmly so that she knew exactly were it was. She started raising and lowing herself faster and wanking him as she did so, simulating sex with him.
Then she stopped. She froze, still holding onto James's hard cock and with every eye on her, watching and lusting. She had stopped with the very tip of James's cock just touching the lips of her slit. Then very, very slowly for maximum effect, she allowed just the tip of James's cock inside her pussy. No more than an inch.
Unless you've seen another man push his cock inside your wife you'll never truly understand the flood of confusing feeling that rushes through you. There's an element of disgust with her for allowing it and yourself for getting off on it. There's jealousy, after all that's your wife he's inside. However the overriding feeling is lust, you want to see her fuck, be a slut. You really want her to show this man just what an amazing fuck she really is. After all he'll only get to do this once. You get to fuck her all the time and part of you wants him to realise just how lucky you are to have her.
Unfortunately, James barely penetrated my wife's cunt. After all the teasing just putting the tip of his cock inside her was all it took and he ejaculated inside my wife. His sperm flooding into Deb's hairless cunt.
She turned and smiled to the men as James's mess ran down her thigh. They applauded, then to their groans of disappointment she went back to the dressing room. I followed her in and hugged her. She told me it was a good Job James had cum as she really had been going to fuck him. We were both so horny that I told her I didn't care what she'd done or been willing to do and we fucked there and then with her bent over one of the basins. The first time in her life two different men had cum inside her in the same night.
That said there was no getting away from what had happened. I had taken her to strip. To shake her ass and flash her breasts. However she had done so much more. She'd made three men ejaculate. Including wanking off my best friend and letting a stranger fill her full of his semen. She had also let my best friend not only see her naked, he had played with her cunt. There was no way around it we had to talk and we had to be honest with one another.
We were both lost in though on the way home and neither of us spoke. In bed I was so horny that I fucked her again, despite her telling me that she was too tired. I just had to have her, make her mine again. It wasn't until the next day as we lay in bed that we actually spoke about the previous evenings events.
She started the conversation when she said,
"Did it really upset you when I let James put his dick inside me."
"Truthfully no." I said, honestly. Then I continued,
"By that point I suppose I expected it. I won't lie I was rock hard and excited watching you with him. Would you have really fucked him if he hadn't cum?"
"Probably, yes. How would you have felt if I had?" She asked.
"Its fucking weird. I mean my cock was hard, in fact it's getting hard now thinking about it and part of me wanted to see you bang his fucking brains out. But another part of me felt sick, afraid of what I was seeing." I admitted.
We were both quiet for a minute. There was a huge elephant in the room and finally I broached the subject.
"If John hadn't cum...how far would you have gone with him? Please be honest. It's important. After all he's our friend" I said.
"Truthfully, I was considering sucking him when he came. If he'd have lasted 10 seconds longer you would probably have seen me suck his cock." She said and I believed her.
"Did you enjoy what he was doing to you with the truncheon in your pussy?"
"I loved it. Having the men watching while Jihn fucked my pussy with that truncheon really got me going and if we're being honest I really wanted to be fucked at that point so having that inside me was the next best thing." She admitted.
"Would you have let John fuck you?" I asked.
"If he'd asked at that moment...yes. That said, in that moment I'd have let pretty much anyone fuck me. I was aching to have something, or someone fill me up." She replied, honestly. These questions were making my stomach churn but at the same time as I thought about what had happened and what might have happened my cock was rock hard.
"Do you wish you had got to suck John's cock or are you relieved you didn't?" I asked.
"Both I suppose. I mean it's probably best for our friendship that I didn't but at the same time I wanted too. The moments gone now so it's pretty unlikely that its ever going to happen." She responded.
Her hand wrapped around my stiff dick and she gently pulled on my foreskin.
"It really did turn you on didn't it." She said, stating the obvious.
"I don't want it too, but yes it really does." I admitted. It was her turn to press and she asked,
"What turned you on more? James a total stranger in my pussy or our friend, John in my hand and playing with my pussy?"
I closed my eyes and images of both filled my head. My breathing was getting faster.
"Both. I really wanted to see you fucked. But the fact that we know John so well. Just makes it all the more intense,I suppose. What would have turned me on more than anything was if I'd watched you fuck John. If it had been him filling your pussy."
"You know that every time he comes over now, every time he see's you he'll be remembering you naked with your legs open don't you?" I said.
"It's no different for me, every time I see him I'll remember what his cock looked like and that I made him cum."
"So do you think it'll affect our friendship?" I asked.
She let go of my cock as she thought about this. We were both quiet, lost in the meaning. Finally she said,
"Perhaps we're overthinking this. If John doesn't mention it and we don't. Why should anything change?"
"I suppose you're right. Just one last thing before we put this to bed." I said,
"Go on." Deb said wearily
"Are you glad you did it and would you do it again?" I asked She looked at me seriously and said,
"It's the most exciting thing I've ever done and yes, I would do it again in a heartbeat."