For some reason the next morning I woke up particularly horny. I always thought that when I started to have a regular sex life (or rather sexual relief in this case) my hormone level would subside and that I wasn't going to think about sex all the time. Now I was starting to realize that the contrary was the case. The more and better the sexual encounters were getting between me and my mom, the more I thought about them and the hornier I was – almost all the time.
As it was Saturday I didn't bother to get dressed so I walked into our kitchen to have some breakfast clad only in a t-shirt and my boxer shorts. Mother was already there, wearing a nightie and a robe while making coffee.
"Good morning sweetie!" she greeted me. "Sleep well?"
"Like a baby, mom!" was my instant reply.
We had breakfast as usual, chatting about the weather, plans for the summer, etc, a typical conversation between mother and son. But that was only on the surface. While I was watching her, sitting on the chair, getting up to fetch something from the fridge, crossing her legs or tucking them under the chair, her robe opening revealing the flimsy nightie she wore, my arousal kept growing until it reached the point where it actually hurt. However our little daily get together in the bathroom lay hours ahead. It seemed that I urgently had to find relief on my own.
Once I was finished, I stood up and carried my plate to the sink. As I passed in front of the table on my way upstairs to the privacy of my room where I could replay my fantasies, I saw that the tent in my shorts had caught my mother's attention. She must have hesitated at first because she didn't call to me until I was in the middle of the stairs.
"Simon, wait, I want to ask you something!" she called and walked into the living room.
I turned around, my hard-on out in the open as embarassment was a thing of the past.
"Yes mom, what is it?"
"Where are you going?" she asked.
"Eeeh... in my room, upstairs." I answered.
"What are you going to do there?"
Normally my initial reaction would be to lie, to make something up, like "going to get dressed", or "lie down", "read a book" or the even less believable "do my homework". But my intentions as I was standing in front of my mother with my stiff cock in my shorts pointing at her, were so self-evident that I thought it was pointless to lie. Of course I wasn't going to say the truth – I wasn't so bold yet – but I kind of hoped she would understand without having to spell it out for her.
Thankfully she did it for me.
"Are you going up there to jerk-off?"
I was shocked with her boldness but compared with what I experienced the last few weeks, it was a mild shock.
"Well, I guess so ... I mean, probably yes." I replied. "Is that OK?"
"Of course it is OK, I am the one who told you that this is the most natural thing in the world. It's just that, you know, I thought you had realized by now that you don't have to do it secretly any more. I mean unless you want to." she said and I could swear she was blushing, something I had never seen her doing.
"What don't you come down here and show me how you do it, sitting comfortably for once and taking your time?" she asked sheepishly. "Maybe I could give you a tip or two."
How can I say no to that? My legs started moving towards the couch in the living room. This numbing sensation I had every time in the bathroom overwhelmed me again. I sat on the couch with my mother in the armchair opposite from me. Slowly, she crossed her legs showing off her perfect little toes, nails painted red and lit a cigarette. Once she exhaled (My God, she did that sexually as well!) she motioned at me.
"Come on, what are you waiting for?"
I took off my shirt in a rapid motion and then hesitantly, I hooked my thumbs in my shorts and started lowering them. All the time I kept looking at her in the eyes, waiting for her to call it off and send me upstairs with a scolding. But then I took my boxer shorts completely off and suddenly I was naked in front of her.
I put my feet up on the couch and opened them a little bit. My penis stood prominently before her, arisen to full mast. I lowered my right hand but resisting the urge I felt I didn't grab it and started beating away. Instead I started caressing the rigid shaft with my one hand, while cupping and caressing my balls with the other. Of course all the while gazing at her.
My mother was smoking and looking at me as though she was watching something very interesting and amusing. She cracked a mischievous smile when I cupped my balls and nodded approvingly when I started rubbing my precum all over my cock to make it slicker.
I had now started pounding faster because I couldn't take it any longer. Secretly I hoped that she would start showing me her body as she did in the bathroom the previous day, but I didn't want to say anything to spoil the moment. To my dismay, however, I saw her standing up.
"Wait." she said. "I'll be right back."
She was back very quickly and presented a lotion tube.
"Here, try some of this. It will help. "
I took the lotion and spread it all over my lower abdomen, caressing and rubbing it on my thighs and stomach. It felt so nice and warm, the slick sensation made my penis throb.
I grabbed my cock again and started stroking slowly. My hand didn't have a good grasp on my lubricated penis and that made my strokes only half as effective as before. That meant that my arousal heightened gradually and the pleasure prolonged.
With my left hand I kept cupping and fondling my lubricated balls and I started to rub the lotion all over my scrotum. My hand slipped a bit lower and the lotion reached the tip of my ass crack. My mother didn't miss that and nodded enthusiastically.
"Yes, that's right! That's very good. Go on!" she exclaimed.
Boldly I raised my legs off the couch and pushed my ass forward, opening my crack and exposing my puckered anus in all its glory. My hands started trembling now and my heart was pounding faster. I was about to touch myself in a place I had not dared to touch before, and that with the eyes of my mother feasting on me.
I felt a cool breeze on my asshole as it was revealed between my ass cheeks and I started rubbing the lotion all over my exposed butt. Every time I brushed over my anus, I felt an electrifying sensation that sent shivers down my spine. Slowly, while stroking my penis I put the tip of my finger on my asshole and pushed lightly.
"Oh, that must feel very good honey. Don't be afraid, put it all in, it's an amazing feeling." my mother urged me.
I followed her advice and probed my asshole with my finger. Just as I thought that it wouldn't go in, my anus opened beneath it and welcomed it in the depths of my butt. To say that it felt like heaven would be a huge understatement. I gasped and felt my dick bursting. I started pounding frantically on it and cursed the lotion that made it last so long. I needed to cum right then and there, I couldn't cope with so much arousal.
I wanted to push my finger in and out of my asshole imitating the fucking movement, but my position was very awkward and my hand still not fully healed. It started to hurt. Unwillingly I took it out and lowered my feet.
"No, what happened honey, what's the matter?" my mother asked raising from the armchair. "Wasn't it good?"
"It was great mom, but I can't reach so far down with this hand. It still hurts." I replied.
"OK, then maybe I can help." she said and climbed on the couch facing me. She stood up on the couch barefoot.
"Lift your legs my boy and continue with what you were doing." she urged me.
I raised my legs as far up as I could, bringing my knees on the same level with my shoulders. At this position my penis touched my belly so I started rubbing it on my belly instead of stroking. That felt great!
My mother took the lotion and poured some on her left foot. Slowly she touched my scrotum and started fondling my balls with her pedicured little toes. I couldn't take it any longer and I felt that the climax was near. I started moaning and trembling.
Her foot went lower and touched my puckered anus. Her big toe circled a little bit around it making me want to rip my penis off. The sensation was unbelievable but heightened even more when she applied pressure on my virgin asshole trying to break through. I try to raise my legs even more to give her better access and pushed my ass even farther out. When she finally managed it and her big toe plunged deep into my arse, she sent me over the edge. I cried out loud from the ecstasy and came in gushes. My penis was on fire and the hot cum was literally flooding my belly and chest, it even landed on my face and hair. This orgasm combined with the wonderful filling sensation in my butt was apocalyptic...
When I finally came to my senses I saw her above me, standing on the couch smiling. Her toe was still plucked in my asshole. It still felt so good that I didn't want her to take it out. However she did so with a laudable "pop". I lowered my legs and tried to catch my breath.
"That was lesson number one sweetie, you still have a lot to learn", she said to me as she climbed down from the couch and put her sexy slippers on.