This is a fictional account that was sparked by a true events. I let my imagination run away with parts of this story.
My name is David and my wife's name is Sally. We got married some 15 years ago. Sally has always been a cut up. She is very impulsive and loves to shock people. I first noticed her in college when she came into the library and pulled a very embarrassing trick on poor Mr. Evans, the librarian. Sally is an attractive blonde about 5'4" and probably weighs 110 pounds. She wore a white pullover cotton shirt that was low cut and displayed her C-cup breasts marvelously. She approached the desk where Mr. Evans was busy taking care library business and asked to join the book club. Mr. Evans gave her a membership form to fill out. Instead of sitting at a nearby table to fill it out; she leaned over Mr. Evans desk boldly exposing her breast to him. There was no way he could have avoided seeing them. In fact, if he had not gawked at them I would have assumed he was gay.
After Sally was sure he was curiously starring at them, she feigned shock and shouted, "Are you staring I my breast? Oh my God, you are staring at my breast, and not only that you are getting an erection."
Mr. Evans turned three shades of red and I was sure he was going into cardiac arrest. There was total silence in the library as everyone looked on in astonishment. Sally tossed the form back at him and stomped out of the library. When she passed me she was grinning and I could tell she was really enjoying her antics.
I ran into Sally several times over the next week. I finally got the nerve to ask her out on a date and the rest is history. We were married two years later when we both graduated from college.
We have been happily married for 15 years now and she still loves living on the edge and impulsively doing things to shock everyone's senses. Sally is just as beautiful and sexy today as she was the day I married her and still has the same voluptuous body she had in college.
Just recently I was sitting in our den and Sally was parading around the house in her sleepwear. Sally likes to sleep in one of my old cotton v-neck T-shirts that barely covers the silk panties she wears to bed each night. The t-shirt came down to just below her hips, but if she were to bend over it would raise up high enough to expose her shapely bottom.
Our two small dogs start to bark and Sally assumes they are barking at another dog on our street. She rushes to the door to let them out and is surprised to find the pest control man preparing to ring the door bell. It's too late to retreat, so she just stands there frozen in her tracks. The pest control man is a young slender black man with a muscular build. He is probably between 25 and 30 years old. He pretends to not notice she is in her nightwear and announces his name is Willie and he is here to check the insect bait in the yard. Sally says okay and starts to walk away, but he begins to ask her questions. They are general questions about what insects she had seen since his last visit and several other useless questions that really didn't matter. It is obvious Willie is holding her there to admire the sight. I notice Sally is blushing and her nipples are hard and poking through her T-shirt. Willie apparently notices her hard nipples and knows she is aroused. I notice a bulge starting to form in Willie's pants. I shout to Sally to tell him we have seen more bugs in the house than usual. I don't think he knew I was home because he is quick to break with questions and excuse himself to go check the insect bait.
When Sally starts toward the bedroom, I notice she was still blushing and she unconsciously rubs her left nipple with her right hand. I confront her and suggest that she had become aroused when the man saw her in her night clothes. She pushes on by me and continues to the bedroom. I follow her and stand there studying her reactions.
She turns to me and says, "What?"
I say to her, "You got turned on just then, didn't you."
She blushes again and says, "No!"
"Yes you did! You are still flushed red. I think you liked him seeing you dressed that way. I also think you were probably fantasizing about having sex with a black man."
She continues to ignore me. So on a whim I suggest she should do it. She appears shocked, but I can see the wheels turning in her mind. I continue to sell my idea by saying that we can upset the video cam and secretly record the whole thing. I tell her we can watch it before we engage in sex play of our own saying it might enhance our love life. I am getting aroused myself because it has always been a secret fantasy of mine to watch my wife with another man. I would never admit that to her. She asks me if I am sure it wouldn't bother me to see her with another man and I assure her it would not. She eagerly agrees and I notice her nipples jump to attention again. I quickly set up the video cam and tell her to remain dressed as she is and see just how quickly she can seduce the man. I have no doubt Willie wouldn't pass up a chance to ravish my beautiful wife.
I go to the front door and call for him to come over. When he steps on the front porch I tell him that he needs to check inside for pest. I tell him I have a lot of work to do in my office upstairs and didn't want to be disturbed unless it is absolutely necessary. I tell him Sally is in the bedroom and can answer any question he needs answered. I proceed upstairs and he ventures toward the bedroom. Approximately 30 minutes later I hear the front door close and his truck drive away.
I rush down to our bedroom and find Sally splayed naked on the bed. She looks like she is still riding her last orgasm. Her legs are widely spray and I can see his cum dripping from her pussy onto our bed. She rolls over, obviously still in a daze, and looks at me through glazed eyes. She excitedly starts telling me just how marvelous her adventure had been. I tell her we should down load the video to the computer and watch the events together as they unfolded. She agrees and said she would narrate it where needed.
The video starts with Willie entering our bedroom. Sally is standing in front of a full length mirror with her back to him, brushing her long blonde hair. He guardedly approaches and asks about the other insects. You can see by his reflection in the mirror that he is checking out her nice round bottom. I can also see that Sally's nipples have hardened again. She motions him over and tells him she has something she wants him to see under the bed. Sally drops down on her hands and knees and crawls over to look under our bed. The t-shirt rises up over her ass and exposes her light blue panties. He couldn't keep from noticing her crotch was wet and the panties clung to the crack of her vagina forming a beautiful camel toe.
Sally is looking under the bed and Willie is feasting his eyes on her sexy body. Sally turns and motions for him to join her by the bed. Willie gets down on his hands and knees and shines his flashlight under the bed but cannot find the non-existent bug. He turns questioningly toward her at the same time she turns toward him. Their faces are only inches apart. She can smell his sweet cologne. Sally's t-shirt hangs open and Willie can't divert his eyes from her voluptuous breasts that are openly on display. Sally notices that a bulge in his pants is quickly growing. She boldly confronts him and asks if he had been looking at her breast. He stutters and stammers swearing he was doing no such thing. She teasingly asks why there is a bulge in his pants. He tries to down play it but she reaches out and squeezes his hard cock through his pants. Willie slaps her hand away and starts back peddling. He jumps to his feet, telling her he couldn't possibly engage in anything like that with her husband upstairs. She assures him that I was busy at work upstairs and would not be aware of what was going on downstairs. Sally crawls over to him and rubs her face against his bulge. Willie is in full panic mode and tries to push her away.
She asks him if she had caused his hard on and he acknowledges that she did. She squeezes his cock again through his pants and tells him she wants to see it. Willie at first says no, but finally gives in to her request. He slowly unzips his pants and releases an 8 inch cock. She moves in to inspect it more closely. She squeezes it again before rubbing it against her face. She reaches up, unbuckles his belt and slides his pants down to his ankles. He steps out of them and kicks them aside. Willie is starting to relax and enjoy the attention his cock is receiving from this beautiful white housewife. She milks his pre-cum into a large crystal drop and then sticks her tongue to it. She rolls it around in her mouth, enjoying his salty taste. You can see Willie shiver when she puts her lips around the head and encircles it with her tongue while caressing his balls.
Willie reaches down and lifts her up to him and kisses her gently on the lips. He slips his shirt off then lifts her t-shirt over her head. He admires her tits for a moment then sucks a hard nipple into his mouth and rolls his tongue around the areola. He gives both her tits a good tongue massage before gently biting the nipple of one. Sally appears to have her first orgasm right then. I turn to Sally and she shakes her head confirming it was the first of many more orgasms to come. Willie lays her on our bed and removes her panties. She is breathing heavy as he continues his tit kissing and then kisses her on the lips again. Almost immediately her tongue is in his mouth, and she is moaning. He inserts two fingers in her pussy and started searching for her G-spot. He can feel juices flow from her pussy and knows he has found just the right spot.
He trails kisses from her lips down to her navel. From there he moves to her inner thigh and begins to kiss and lick it. Sally moves her legs further apart to grant better access. He slowly moves to her neatly trimmed cunt. As he sweeps his tongue up and down her pussy lips, she is getting into a wild frenzy. When his tongue hit her clit, she really goes crazy. She is gasping for air, and telling him how great this feels and that even though her husband is upstairs, she loves what he is doing to her. He circles her clit with his tongue a few times then shoves his middle finger into her ass. The excitement of her husband being upstairs and Willie's finger entering her ass is enough to push her into her second orgasm.
Willie puts his cock to her labia and rubs it up and down the length of her vagina. She is so ready for sex he can feel the heat from her slit. He pushes about one inch into her pussy. Sally shivers and lifts her hips to drive his cock in another 4 inches. From there on, it is wall-shaking sex as he slides his entire rock hard cock in and out of her pussy. He can feel the walls of her vagina gripping and squeezing his cock. She lets out a sudden gasp and Willie can feel her crashing into her third orgasm. He continues the slow in and out motion until her spasms stop. They roll over, and Sally gets on top and keeps driving his 8 inch cock in as far as it will go. It looks like she is going to break the bed the way she is bouncing and fucking him. She places her hands on his chest and slides her pussy forward and backward against his pelvic bone. The wetness from her pussy makes a sloshing sound each time she moves. Suddenly she looks up at the ceiling, her body stiffens and she lets out a loud moan as she moves into her fourth and final orgasm. Willie grips her around the waist, his breathing is coming in short, quick bursts. He starts rapidly slamming his dick up into her pussy. It is obvious he is experiencing an earth shaking orgasm of his own. Sally slumps over on his chest and they continue to shudder as they ride out their orgasms. Willie is sweating profusely as he pushes her off of him and jumps out of bed. He quickly puts on his clothes and hustles out the door without a word. Sally continues to lie their basking in the afterglow.
The video ends and David grabs Sally and rushes her back to their bedroom. It is the best sex they have ever had during their 15 years of marriage. Two hours later they are still snuggling and kissing as they lay in the large wet spot that was created by her two lovers.