The door swung open with a creak, a much heavier door than I was expecting and I was amazed at how effective at soundproofing it had been as a blast of noise hit me full on -- a fanfare with music and a myriad of voices along with a waft of the heat and smells that one associates with a lively ballroom atmosphere. Glasses chinked and chairs scraped on the ground as people stood up to get better views. The plug in me suddenly vibrated and throbbed as I was pushed forward and a voice said "Flaunt it gurl, walk down there and enjoy". So I did!
Stepping out as elegantly as I could in my high strappy Laboutin's, I entered the darkened room and immediately felt the heat of a spotlight on me. I was on a high and my heart was pounding in my chest as I drank in all the noise which was increasing exponentially along with the calls and whistles. The thump of the music beat a rhythm that I couldn't help but strut my stuff to and all the training of walking in heels kicked in and I pushed one foot in front of the other, swinging my hips and accentuating my butt - walking tall and proud.
I felt amazing as it seemed to please the audience who were now either side of me as I walked down the raised and fairly narrow catwalk. The vibrations and tingling in my pussy had increased along with my excitement and I wondered if my sponsor was watching from close by or from afar.
A man's voice came over on the loudspeakers announcing me as No. 62 and telling everyone to welcome me to the room - but that was already happening. There were cheers and hands reaching out, but not quite touching as I kept to the centre of the walkway. The catwalk snaked through the crowd and led to a central circular platform which was encircled with footlights and had a single wooden lectern upon it.
The man with the microphone was stood next to it, reading from a sheet of paper, describing me, my outfit, my owner, my limits, my skills etc. As I listened my jaw started to drop and I blushed as he told everyone what I was capable of and what horny slut lurked beneath this sophisticated look. I looked down as I walked, my elegantly clad leg thrust forward through the slit in my long dress and there was just a hint of a stocking top and white soft hairless and smooth skin. My plug was still tingling and pulsing and I felt myself leaking a tiny amount of precum.
The noise was pretty loud now as excitement in the room grew, men, and a few isolated women were waving papers with numbers on and there was a feeling of excitement in the room that was palpable. I neared the central platform and was welcomed by the compère,
who showed me where to stand and as I looked up I realised there were a number of monitors around the room that were broadcasting the image of me from a fixed video camera that was trained on the platform. I was told to make a twirl so that the prospective clients could see me well.
Prospective clients? What the.....!
The noise was building as the compère whipped up the crowd with each secret divulged and I arrived to stand next to him, my heart pounding as I felt the heat of the lights and became aware, in the glare, of my images that were being broadcast all around the venue. Terror and excitement was the only description I could give to this experience...and oh my... I loved it! I was leaking precum into my tiny thong and my heart thumped away as I heard him say
"Lets see what she's like ladies and gentlemen before the fun starts!"
Fun?
"Come on 62, just lift that dress... and give us a twirl"
The plug started to tingle and I realised my sponsor was watching and playing with the controls at this critical time and encouraging me to do as he said. I complied.
I lowered my hands to the split in my long dress and gently lifted the flaps apart to reveal my stocking tops and the diaphanous thong covering my little steel cage.. A cheer went up as cameras zoomed in to broadcast my little clitty and as I twirled round the compère flicked up the back of my dress to reveal a virtually naked butt and the lights caught a flash of the plug that was continuing to stimulate me internally with ever increasing pulses.
Two revolutions later and further zooming it to my upper thighs, stockings and locked heels and I was brought to a stop and told to remain with the 'goods on show'. He pressed a button and a large dildo rose out of the lectern in front of me now,
"You know what to do gurl -- but these punters want to know what you CAN do!". The pulses inside me gave a strong nudge to me encouraging me to obey, so, flicking back my hair, I decided to give them a show! I looked directly into the camera, licked my lips and moved slowly above the dildo.
Licking it, resting my lips on it, whilst looking up at the camera, I could feel the excitement in the crowd. I closed my long lashes over my eyes and let myself sink onto the imitation cock before me, taking it in slowly, but surely, inch by inch, by inch, refusing to stop and trying to make it as smooth as possible.
All the way in, down to the balls, without hesitation, gagging or retching. A cheer went up when I just held the position, just like those hypno training videos that I had been following for Master. All the training had obviously been worth it.
The crowd counted out the seconds I was holding in: '5...6....7....8...' louder and louder as more joined in: '9...10...11...12...' I didn't want to stop but also didn't want to end up gasping and coughing, so I slowly started to rise, leaving its length glistening and running with my saliva, til I finally got to the tip, where I lingered, opened my eyes and looked up at the cameras, and smiled while kissing the tip. The crowd cheered and the sense of success and pride was overwhelming for me, but I was then snapped back to reality as the compère brought them under control as he called
"ok...you rowdy rabble, you can see what youre getting and she's one of the finest, so lets' start the bidding!"
OMG..... the plug buzzed....
To be continued...