Old Fisherman and the Lonely Girl

The Old Fisherman felt incredible lucky to housesit Harry's vacation place. It was out at the corner of the Cape, kind of a marshy region, where the Red Burn River spread out as it met the ocean. It was a magical place to catch bottom fish, flounder, plaice, and sole, with not much effort. Harry had a beat up skiff, but it was hardly necessary to use it. Fun though, because he could row leisurely down to where he could just hear the waves on the breakwater, a spot just before the river grew narrow and more swift. But there was this one fine eddy where the stuff fish liked to eat churned around and it was there he would drop anchor and drop a line.
Harry didn't usually give a shit about having the house watched. It was a beat up old shingled place, perfect for just letting it all hang out. But Harry had to go away and he had said that someone, probably kids looking for a place to drink and dope, had been leaving stuff in the place when he was away. He was mostly worried that some asshole would fall asleep with a doobie burning and set the place on fire.
"So, come on up and hang out for as long as you want, and see if you can't scare off these unwanted guests."
Piece of cake. The Old Fisherman gassed up the chevy pickup, leaving Sadie with the Honda and headed north. It was an easy drive. Picked up the key from the secret place and helped himself to some Sam Red Ale. Place looked okay. No obvious trashing. A Starbucks latte making a ring on the old hatch cover coffee table.
Nothing much to bother anybody for three days. Super quiet. Just the gulls and the wind. Some smooth, if unproductive fishing. He hadn't found the spot yet. But then....
On day four he had gone out really early. Wanted to catch the tide coming in, or rather, right at neap, so he didn't have to worry a lot about setting the anchor strong. It worked. He caught a flat fish and was looking forward to having it pan-fried for breakfast. Let himself in the kitchen door and stopped dead.
There were noises coming from the front room. Sexy noises. Now the Old Fisherman liked a good porno now and again. Sometimes it took something spicy to get him going, even with Sadie slurping his pecker while they watched. But he hadn't been watching anything here, much less leaving it playing all night or whatever.
But there were distinctly moans and groans coming from the front room. Well, Harry hadn't suggested that his place might be the local fuck palace, but it fit the picture. Still, how did they get in? He was sure he had left the front door locked. And whatever was still going on.... Loud.
The Old Fisherman picked up an axe from the pantry and crept into the kitchen. He'd love to surprise the crap out of these fuckers with their pants down.
He peeked around the arch into the family room that looked out over the marshes. A comfortable old Sears couch faced the big picture window. Someone was on the couch.Onesomeone. College girl, probably, with thick messy dark hair and glasses. Pale with lots of freckles. Freckles all over, even down the long legs propped up on the coffee table on either side of an iPad. A pair of shorts were folded beside her with her undies neatly folded on them. She was still wearing a top. Looked like it was made out of red bandana cloth knotted above the belly button. But it was wide open and she was fondling a nice pale breast while her other hand was busy elsewhere. And it was really busy.
Her legs were spread and her sex was tilted up so the Old Fisherman could sometimes see how wet it was even from his cramped angle in the kitchen. Most of the fingers of her left hand were buried in it, and they were digging away for all they were worth, making very sexy wet sounds.
The iPad was playing a video of a muscular man with a very slick cock, and he was stroking it with some enthusiasm. No sound. His visitor was wearing earbuds, so she could clearly hear everything the man on the video was saying. To her.
But she wasn't really listening, because she was at the crest of cumming. She was just letting every ache and twinge in her belly trigger a deep groan. Which came out between constant pants as she struggled to reach the top, her hand whipping against her sex, the other hand diving to dip in the moisture there and then returning with slick fingers to twist a nipple.
"Oh, come on! Comeon! Give it to me! I need it sobad. Come. Come. Come. Oh, yeah. That's got it. Here it is. Here it is. Ahhhhhhhhh."
The stud on the screen shot a rope of white that actually bathed the camera lens, and his uninvited guest knotted up into a long moan.
Now the Old Fisherman could have taken that lovely moment to pop out and confront this mostly naked invader. But he was too horny himself, and too curious to bounce into the room with an axe and a hard-on. So he waited.
And after a while she uncurled, took a sip of a fresh latte and quickly put her underwear and pants back on. He ducked behind the arch as she shuffled into her flipflops, picked up the iPad and left by the front door, locking it behind her.
"She has a key!"
He went and did what she had been doing. Only then did he cook his breakfast.
He "slept late" the next couple of days, actually waking up about seven, but she hadn't returned. The third day after a late night watching an old John Wayne western and drinking beer he heard the door clunk and lay there quietly, wondering if he had left anything in the family room that would clue her that he was there. He realized he didn't want her to know, yet. But he did want to peek again. So he waited until he was pretty sure she had her earbuds in and then crept out of bed.
This time she was watching two 'natural' women with plentiful hair everywhere. They were practically climbing inside each other. Swallowing nipples whole. Munching on thick slippery labia, two, three, four finger, fist. Mouths agape. Faces sweaty and red.
Meanwhile, his 'guest' had her knees well-splayed and she was churning away at herself, teeth bared, nostrils flaring. It was almost as though she was angry at her private bits, beating them up, slapping at them, digging in and twisting her hips up to meet her hand. Finally, she gave a little scream and sat frozen, her face red, her belly tight, fingers inside churning. Collapse.
He sneaked back to the bedroom and went to sleep. Beat off with some enthusiasm when he woke up.
Naturally, she was gone.
He assumed she came several days that week. He came out to the hall once. She was pretty close to finishing up because she was loud and announcing:
"Oh yeah! Oh yeah, I'm so close...oh yeah, here it is...no, wait...wait...not yet. Not...yet. Oh I can't....and, and, and, and, and..."
She yowled and the furniture rattled.
And he got so stiff it hurt, so he just let loose standing up; which almost made him black out. He crept back to his room and zonked out until noon.
In the evening, sipping an Adams pale ale he tried to figure the best way to take the situation up a notch. If he just popped into the room while she was patting the bunny she would likely freak and crash out of there never to return. A younger man might just take her however he wanted. But that just wasn't him. Finally, he came up with a plan.
He went fishing. Early. But he had her routine down well enough now that he knew she would show up right around 6:45. So he timed it so he would be coming up the path from the water, rod and bait bucket and creel in hand just as she was rolling up on her bike and unlocking the door. He could tell, even from a distance, that she was in a hurry and pretty agitated.
As she put the key in the lock he stepped up on the porch.
"Harry lend you a key? Funny, he didn't say anything to me about it. Didn't say anything to me about me leaving and you house-sitting this week."
She had frozen, key in the lock. Looking him over with a bit of a frown. He saw her mind say, "uh oh, a man. A stranger. He could be dangerous.... Nah, he's kind of old. I could kick him in the balls and run." All this in about three seconds. She went for the bold approach.
"Yeah, Harry gave me a key. He likes me to water his plants when he's away."
The Old Fisherman put down his fishing gear; held out his hand. Gave his name. Waited for hers. She didn't give it.
"Well, I've been staying here this past week and I haven't seen any plants that need watering. But I have noticed that you have come by pretty regular. Saw your Starbucks mug one day. And you did spill some 'water' in front of the settee one morning. Woke me up a couple of times. Pretty nice alarm clock. Couldn't get back to sleep before I did what you did.
"Oh. Oh well. Oh shhhhhit. Oh my goodness. Busted. So. I guess I'd better go, since.... Are you going to tell Harry?"
"Nope. And you can stop thinking what you're thinking. I'm not going to blackmail you and make you do me to keep my mouth shut. Not my style. Besides, Harry doesn't give a shit. He just asked me to come up because he thought some junkies or rowdies might be tearing up the place. You want to tell me your name? I'll say you stopped by to check his plants."
"Nan."
"Hi, Nan. Good to talk to you. You want to come in and drink your coffee as usual?"
"As usual? Really? You think I'm going to come in and sip my coffee and rub one out while you have your breakfast? I should go."
He could tell she didn't want to. Something was bothering her and it was a little more than being hot and bothered. Which she was. Kind of shifting from one foot to the other. He could almost feel the heat coming from her. He picked up his gear.
"You want me to go fishing again and come back in half an hour?"
She thought.
"Could you? Really? Oh what am I thinking? That's ridiculous. And you would probably peek in the window anyway, right?" She was very agitated, hands moving, talking to herself. "But wait, wait; you have been here all week, right? And youknowwhat I have been doing, right? Youwatchedme, right? But you didn'tdo anything.And now you are politely allowing me to leave. Only, only Ineedthis. I don't know what it is. Maybe the phase of the moon, orsomethingis going on in mybody.But I justneedthisrelease.Only I'm not really getting it, and I can't try athomebecause mygrandmotheris right in the next room and mylittle brotheris down the hall and this place is soperfect.... Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit,let's go inside."
"You mean it?"
"Yes, I know thisstupidanddangerous,but after all you have been hereallthis timealreadyand didn't mess with me;and I had an idea fortodaywhere maybe I could actuallyget it."
She sat down on the settee. Took a sip of her latte.
"You like towatch, right? And you don'thaveto touch me, right? So maybe you could get your own coffee or whatever and be overthereor maybebehindme andwatchme...? Yeah. That's evenexciting.I'm getting... justthinkingabout you doing that. Oh dang, I'm sorry, this is weird and I must seem like some kind of sex-crazed slut, but I really can't help it. These feelings justwash over me;like right in the middle of work or my night class and shit. That's why I try to work them out of me like this. It sort of helps."
He was in the kitchen with his back to her; putting the fish on ice, putting the grounds into the coffee maker, putting bread into the toaster, peeling a banana.
"Can I have one of those?" So innocent.
"You want a banana?"
"Yup. I have an idea. I want to try a thing."
He turned to her and saw that she was stark naked; knees spread wide; heels tucked up against her butt. Then he noticed the iPad. It was set up on the coffee table with the camera on selfie, close enough and tilted so it revealed a close shot of her pussy.
He handed her the banana.
"Thanks. And nope. I'm not going to stick it in there and pretend it's a dick all rammin' and jammin' me. Men. You always think it's about your dicks. Well, nevermind. I'm just going todo my thingas my mother says. I wonder if she know she is being dirty. Just like, girls are always saying that this thing or that thingsucks, but do they get the idea in their minds that they are really saying, 'This thing givesblow jobs?'I bet they don't."
Curiously, she had peeled the banana and was giving it a blow job. For real, Sliding her mouth up and down the white flesh until it was slick and slippery. Tiny moans emerged around it. Her eyes were closed and nostrils flared. The non-banana hand was pinching a nipple.
The Old Fisherman tried to be cool. The coffee bubbled and the toast popped. He nibbled his own banana. He buttered and jammed his toast, He poured and sipped his coffee. These little acts had never felt so sensuous. The burble of the coffee as it entered the cup; the scratch of the knife on the bread, and the way the butter softened and spread out; the stickiness of the jam. The roughness of the toasted bread on his tongue, the creaminess of the banana; the nutty steam of the coffee as he sipped.
Nan's voice was beginning to get to him. She was panting as though out of breath. She was whining like a hungry puppy. The settee was creaking.
"Please. Just stand behind me and put your hand on my neck." He did.
He was looking down her white freckled bosom, getting slick from her workout. Her nips were hard, puckered pink but so tight they were pale at the tip. She had the meat of the banana crushed into her clit and was urgently mashing it into a fine mess. The iPad was capturing this ten inches high; so she was staring at her own sloppy vulva as it spread and grew very red and wet. He had never seen anything quite like it. She was open very wide and the deep coral inside was flexing and pulsing.
"Look at that! Look. At. That! That is so amazing andfilthyanddeep.Oh I am going to come so hard. Watch me now! Watch that! Can you see it? Of course you can and yourcockmust be sohard!ˆIt must besoreadyto shoot its jizzdeep into me!Get it out now. Please get it out. Please! Put yourhard cockright against my neck! Push the head right up against my cheek.Rubit there."
He did.
"Rub it against my cheek until some slick stuff comes out. Yes! Now, now, now let's keep going, yes, keep it going. I can feel it building up. Oh my tummy is sotight.Do you see howtight it is?It's so tight ithurts.But I wantmorenow. Here we go. I can feel it. Your balls are so hot against my neck. They are sofull.Yes, they are just going topourinto me."
Words stopped. He could feel the side of her jaw tight against his cock. Her teeth were clenched as she struggled to come. Her hips lifted and eclipsed the image on the screen. Fingers churned loud and wet.
And then she screamed. Her head pushed back against his belly, mouth agape, eyes rolled up in her head.
He spilled; emptied out his aching balls all down her front.
She spilled; pulsing hot little streams onto the coffee table. Her iPad was a mess.
One arm reached back and wrapped his waist as she shuddered again and again and again.
Finally she looked up in gratitude, eyes wide and wet.
"Thank you soooo much. I have been trying to get that for fuckingever.Now I don't need to pee. Wow, I made a mess. My iPad may be ruined. And I'm all covered with...you...and banana. What was I thinking? But it felt so good while I was doing it. Oh! It still feels pretty good if I mush it right about...here, oh yes, that's so... wait, wait I have an idea. Whoa, it's kind of wicked. I never didthatbefore, but...." And here she looked up at him upside down, biting her lip a little. "You like bananas, don't you? Do you think, maybe, you would want to have a little more? I mean, I finished a bunch of it, but you could finish this here.... Whoa. What am I asking? A while ago I was just a girl trying, all by herself, to rub myself until I got that, thatfeelingI needed, and now I'm asking aman...okay, he's an old man, sorry but...askingyouto..." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "...eatme out!"
She kind of wiggled all over, like she was feeling the idea of it; and her mouth was open, like she was waiting for his response.
"So...?"
"Why not...if you really think you want that, I'm happy to...."
"Uh huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that could be... should I...?"
"Just stay like you are. Don't move an inch. I'll get the coffee table out of the way. Now, hand me a cushion. Great. Okay, it's going to get a little damp from the floor, but I can run a wash and Harry will be none the wiser; and besides, it may get wetter."
Nan actually gave a little squeal as he got down on his knees in front of her. No kneeling on ceremony, he got right to work. Putting a warm hand firmly on each pale, freckled thigh he bent to his task.
The banana was a mess and tangled into her ample curly muff. It took creative licking and serious sucking to get all the banana bits off the swollen red flesh. But he was proud of his work. And Nan wasn't having any objections; though the noises she was making were strange, coming from deep in her quivering belly. He knew what to do. This beautiful young woman had all the tasty bits he could wish for, and then some.
The only problem was that she had a rather large clit, and it was so worked up that it was bright red and way out of its hood. After he flicked it a couple of times and she squealed and bounced he knew to stay away from the tender tip and give his full attention to everything else.
No problem. He could have spent days just tasting the creamy thighs. Small moans. Pulling the swollen lips into his mouth and kneading them with his tongue unleashed a small fountain of words and sounds from Nan, already flushing red on cheeks, neck, and between her perky breasts.
"Oh. Oo. Oh. Oh, no! Eeee, that's.... Oh, do that. Do that. Oh, nobody ever. Yes. Yesyesyesyes. Uh, uh, oh that's....Moans, little whines, humming, teeny squeals, And she wasn't still.
He kept his hands firmly on her and did his work.
"Let your hips move."
"What?"
"Let your hips move with the feeling. They probably want to tilt up. Go ahead. That's good. See, now I can get at you better. And I'm going to tongue fuck you."
"Will it hurt? I'm...I'm a virgin."
"Not at all. Relax. Or don't. It's up to you."
He wrapped his lips around a bunch of her tender bits and pushed his tongue deep into the slick hollow, spreading the tender membranes. Holding tight to her thighs, he bobbed his head in close and then a little way back, tickling her with the tip before he plunged back in again. He kept this up quite a while, until he felt her let go. And now she was riding his face, twisting, scrubbing side to side and up and down. It was wonderful because she was so helplessly into it, making all sorts of inarticulate sounds, snatching at her breasts and then his head, not knowing quite what she needed but needing a little more and a little more.
He was trying to stay away from her clit, just eating all the rest of it as it grew more and more sloppy. Her belly would clutch and a few drops of clear liquid leaked out.
"Uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh...uh huh...uh huh...uh oh...uh oh."
Her mouth and eyes were wet and wide. A little smile. She was nodding to him as he peeked over her mound, licking hard and with a rhythm. She was ready.
He slowly nodded back and then placed the heat of his mouth around her whole clit. Just a little swipe across the hood. Her eyes went hungry. Expectant. Wanting, She nodded. He licked again, a little harder. Again, harder.
"Yuh. That."
Pushed it back and forth. And again. She was bouncing with each stroke, and a little groan forced out. Fast nods. She needed more. He held her eyes and began a steady rhythm. Very firm hands on her thighs, owning her hips.
She was in that place where it was too much and not enough; in danger. Her eyes daring him to push her over the limit.
"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes oh yes..." Pushing into his mouth, grabbing at his hair. More less less more."
And then she wasgone, out of herself, just riding it, belly snapping hard, needing... needing....
A scream.
And then she had dragged his head against her and was using it as her personal sex tool, riding as fast and hard as she could. Gone.
He stayed with her, growing more gentle until she at last shuddered into quietness. Sighing. Smiling. Dozing. Waking up, mouth loose as an aftershock took her. Quiet again.
He dozed himself, What the hell, it had been quite a workout.
She had left her latte. He drank off the dregs. It was lukewarm, creamy and good. Then he noticed the paper collar that had been on the cup. It was flattened out and written on the brown paper still spattered with her own juices was the simple sentence in pencil.
"Tomorrow you must fuck me."
A lovely invitation.
That night Harry called.
"Well, everything all right? Catch anybody trashing the place. I'd love to see some of those smart-ass punks in the slammer for a few days."
"Well, Harry, somebody has been coming into the house; but you invited her to do it, you old dog. You gave her a key."
"What? I got no hottie on the side there. Is that what some local slut told you to cover for meeting her boyfriend there?"
"Harry, Harry. This seems to be on the up and up. Gal named Nancy has stopped in now and again to water your plants. Apparently you asked her to. You don't remember?"
"Wait, wait.... A freckle-faced teen with glasses? Damn. That was two, three years ago when I was called away on that Bulgarian thing. She's still coming by? But I don't have plants now...."
"Yeah, well, she has grown a bit. College kid now. Figures you wouldn't mind if she comes here to study, now and again. Get away from her bratty brother...."
"Yeah, I remember that boy. He was a handful. But she's not meeting up with her gang of friends there...?"
"Solo all the way. Nice gal. Tidies the place. Airs it out so it doesn't get that musty smell.... Should I tell her to quit and mail you the key...?"
Harry was silent.
"Nah. Just tell her no parties. I'll know. Can you do that? I'll be there for a couple weeks after Labor Day. Thanks for checking. Hope the fish were biting...?"
"Yeah, I caught a couple. Hope to get a big one tomorrow. Thanks for the chance to be here. It has been both stimulating and restful."
"Hey, my pleasure. Enjoy."
"Oh, I will."
The Old Fisherman was pretty sure Harry did not cop to what had really gone on. Harry rarely had his mind in the gutter. Still....the Old Fisherman spent the day cleaning and polishing.
The next morning he woke with a warm mouth around his cock. That was kind of a first. Oh, Sadie had nudged him awake and gone down on him almost immediately. But he had never woken from a sound sleep, dreaming of rowing for all he was worth across a huge, calm sea, chasing a mermaid flashing far ahead in the waves; to find a nearly naked woman with a hand wrapped around his member and her sweet mouth sucking away at his stiffie like it was one of those classic rainbow pops.
Nan smiled up at him from the muss of sheet around his legs.
"Please don't pop on me. I'm sorry. I called, but you were asleep. So I came in and you were out cold. Butthiswas pushing up and I had to see what it looked like. And when I pulled the sheet off it just popped up sobigthat I justhadto wrap my hand around it. And that felt so good and warm that I felt I really had toput it in my mouth. So here we are."
"And I sincerely need to pee."
"Surely not right...?"
"No. I wouldn't do that. But after I pee, you want to fuck me?"
"Yes."
"But you didn't just want to climb on me and rock the boat until you got to Paradise Cove?"
"Hmm, I didn't think of that. But that's because I have this idea...."
"Tell me about it when I have emptied my bladder. We old guys...."
"Thatdoesn't look old. It's so...strong and fresh, even if it is a little twisty. And I like how it smells..."
"Really? Tell my more when I get back...."
"Meet me on the front porch. Don't bother to dress...."
"O...K. It's your party."
"Yeah."
When he was done pissing he went out on the porch in his boxers. Nan was sitting on the porch swing, completely starkers with her feet on a pillow. She was stroking herself lightly; and she was already quite wet.
"Come here, I want to put this on you."
She held up a condom.
"Too early to start a family with an almost complete stranger."
She tugged his boxers down over his semi-erect rod, ripped open the packet charmingly with her teeth, and rolled the thing neatly onto him.
"So the reason I want to be out here is I want to be likethis."She turned around and knelt on the cushion and leaned forward with her upper body on the swing. "And now I can move back and forth really easily, like this..." She pushed forward so her hips tilted away from him and then tilted back. "So kneel behind me, okay, and slip it right in. I'm so hot. That's one reason I wanted to be outside.
"And the other...?" He asked politely as he spread her cheeks a little, placed the slick tip of his cock against the spot where a bit of cream was oozing between her lips, and pushed. She was wonderfully tight, but so wet that he just slid in deep on the first thrust. He decided to stay there; grasping her hips firmly and holding himself there; letting her heat seep through the thin condom; wishing he was in bareback, but respecting her wishes.
She was emitting these deep little moans.
"The other reason you want to be outside...?"
She couldn't speak for a moment.
"I...want...the world...towatch."
Something about this simple statement was a huge turnon, and the Old Fisherman felt himself swell inside her, earning a grateful 'Oh!"
He stirred her slowly and deep, trying to touch a lot way in there. He could tell she had no idea how to hand this. It was intense, maybe a tiny bit painful; but she was not complaining, though strange little whining was coming from deep in her chest.
Then she seemed to remember her original plan, and, using the swing, slid away from him until the big head of his cock was tugging at the opening, and then, slowly, she pushed back onto him again until he was deeply inside once more.
"Whoa! That's amazing. This was such a good idea I had. Who knew?" She echoed his thoughts as she slowly slid away again. I was an amazing sight, watching his thick, shiny purple cock slide slowly out from between the pale moons of her ass, revealing the ruddy lips wrapped around it. It was a long time since he had fucked someone so young and the sheer juiciness of her was such a treat. It was messy and noisy.
Since she was doing all the work of sliding in and out he wrapped his big fisherman's hands around her thighs and let the fingers of both hands slide under her messy mound and stir in the slippery wetness there. This was very new to her, having her clit dandled while a thick cock was deeply reaming her.
Her body shook with the power of it, back arching like a cat in heat as she pushed back against him; the rhythm getting a little faster, the squeaking of the chains on the swing speaking their own language. And now Nan's voice was out of her control. It was beginning to wail like the hungry cat she was imitating, a deep moan each time she ground back onto him, squeals as his fingers danced on her tender bits.
As they approach orgasm some women's voices go high sending the spirit of tiny excited animals into the atmosphere; in others, like Nan, their voices drop low into their bellies, more like whalesong, a deep yearning for release. This fierce croon went right down the Old Fisherman's spine. He felt his balls tighten as the old urge to impregnate came over him.
It was rare for him to let go just as his partner did. But this one, this young lover, so lost in the new feeling that filled her up, chasing that urge to swallow all the cock in her, hungry for his release, so full of the energy of life.... It was easy.
He felt her reach that magic tipping point, for a moment, still, but quivering, and then, with a big voice, crying with the power of it, he felt her let go. He matched her with a roar. Now her hips had a life of their own, demanding that he go as deep as he could, pounding hard into her. They matched rhythms perfectly, fast, hard, all the way in and all the way out.
And then the life released deep in him as he felt it let go and all flow into the amazing hot surrounding him. It poured on and on and he could feel the flexing inside her as she accepted each new dose with a grateful moan, pushing back hard against him, her own hot liquids shamelessly flowing onto his belly.
It took a long time for all the aftershocks to end.
She lay on the bench of the swing, head on her arms, breathing deeply and contentedly. She was perfectly happy to have him slowly melt inside her as he tickled her sensitive parts with his slippery fingers, holding her tight to him and enjoying the wonderful heat against his belly.
"That was...."
"It was, wasn't it?"
"I think I got it."
"You got it."
"Thanks."
"Pleasure was all mine."
When she fell into a little doze and he had melted, he slipped away and cleaned up a bit. But he didn't feel like putting his pants on.
He made a big breakfast of toast and fried eggs and orange juice and they ate it without getting dressed.
They swam and explored the shoreline, without getting dressed.
As evening came on he got a couple of glasses and a cool pinot noir from the kitchen and returned with her to the swing.
They sat there in the warm evening as the moon rose over the bay. He was too old and she was too young for it to be romantic. Still, they wordlessly toasted something. It is rare when two people can give each other what they want and need, and do it very well.
"So Nan, I'll be hitting the road pretty soon. Do you think you will still come here to water the flowers?"
"Hmm, good question. Yuh. I may. It's a good quiet place and I enjoy my 'regular exercise'. But you helped me scratch some itches I didn't know were even itching. So ifyouaren't here I guess I need to find some other ways to...."
She was quiet, sipping her wine.
"Harry will be here after Labor Day."
"Oh yeah?"
"Mmhmm."
"Harry."
"Yep."
"Maybe I'll get him some new plants, just to welcome him back."
"Yeah."
"And I'll keep them well watered."
"Good idea."
"And do you think Harry will know how to fertilize them? From time to time?"
"He might. He very well might."
"But...."
"Yes?"
"You could give me your number.... In case they don't do well. I have a feeling you could help a girl out...in a pinch."
He pinched her, but not too hard.
They rocked on the bench until the wine was gone.