Nigkala Tales 31: Raising more kids
You can still have a sex life, if you work at it
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
I waited in the garden for a parent to bring Darius and Mona. Cleopatra and Layla were already with me. Jewel showed up shortly with their four-year-olds. "Hello, Jewel, I got the kids today. I'll be back for lunch."
"Becky Sue, I don't see how you have so much energy, handling all the kids. But I do thank you for this. They sure are a handful."
"They may be a handful, but they do pay attention. I do enjoy seeing them learn so fast."
"That they do. See you later."
"Okay, kids, time to go to the desert. Come on Darius, Mona, Cleopatra, and Layla. Let's head to the maze." The maze referred to the tall bushes that hid the garden gate. I had added it when we decided we would be heading there twice a week for play. I had them hold hands, and I held two at the center. When we got to the gate, I had them go in first, and then I followed. We emerged in Death Valley, a hundred yards from the Pocket Industry-based pavilion. Exiting the gate, I said, "Playtime!" Letting go of their hands, they all ran to the other side of the unit, where I had a large play area. I went inside and refilled the water reservoir.
Outside, the kids got in their miniature dune buggies. They didn't go that fast, and would not go without them putting the harness on right. While they loved driving them, I had to constantly yell at them to not run into each other. On the other hand, I used magic to set up locations for them to drive through. After fifteen minutes, I also set up sandstone pillars for them to use their magic to hit. As I watched them, and telepathically advised them, I felt Isis present in my mind. It was her idea to teach them to control others, but my idea was to have them control machines. Back in Egypt, they might be learning to control animals pulling wagons, but today, we used machines, so I taught them the machines, while at the same time teaching Isis about vehicles.
I actually let Isis take the lead on teaching them, but I would translate her ideas into modern equivalents. Sometimes An or Inanna would have me give certain lessons, and they also wanted regular reports of their development. The various watchers knew of the garden gate, but not how to make it work. Occasionally, one or another watcher would come with us, and they would use the time to teach the kids something not easily done in the confines of suburbia.
When they showed signs of losing interest, I called them back, and told them to park and plug in the little cars. I then caused all traces of their play in the sand to disappear, including the pillars and the tracks. Next, was a lesson in writing. They gathered in a semi-circle about me, with a wide area of sand between us. Each child had a seat, with a drink holder with a cold water bottle. They also had a long pointer to write with. I would smooth the sand, then cause a word to appear near me, but oriented to them. They would each try to write the word using the pointer in the sand in front of them. Once they had made a passable written word, I would repeat the process with another word.
When that lesson was over in about twenty minutes, it was time for a break. I told the kids to take turns in the bathroom, and I passed out a small snack. When everyone had finished, we gathered again, but this time we played catch with a stone ball, and passed it back and forth with magic. The ball rarely left the ground, and only went to the next person's feet. This was designed to teach them fine control with their magic. I was ready with my own magic should someone send the ball too fast at someone. But I haven't had to do that for several months.
The last lesson is about keeping secrets. Teaching them to hide their magic, and other aspects of their life that are different from other children. They knew Darius's and Mona's siblings were not divine, and that it was okay for them to know about their special abilities and experiences. But I also emphasized that they needed to play with them, as well. I was more concerned with others, now that they were in kindergarten. Finally, it was time to go home. So I said, "Run and follow me." I ran this way and that with all four chasing me, for nearly five minutes. When I felt they were tiring, I headed for the gate, and stopped just short. "Okay, form up, time to go home."
They gathered just ahead of me, and when they were still, I entered, and the gate activated. I then led them into the house and we had our lunch.
Angel was there already, and excitedly asked them about what all they learned, and what they did. They were excited to tell her everything, especially all the new words I taught them. After they finished, including a bathroom break, Angel dropped them off at the neighborhood kindergarten. After all that time in the desert, I wanted to take a dip in the pool.
I headed out there, and saw Mishti, the Hindu watcher from Bengal. When she saw me get naked poolside, she looked up. She said, "Good day in the desert?"
"Yes. They are getting better with their coordination, both physically and magically. I think they like your ball game. The stone ball is heavy enough that they need to push hard, yet awkward enough that if their control isn't perfect, it will go awry. They are also doing well learning languages. With English, Spanish, and French in the mix, they are learning to keep them apart and to speak full sentences in a single language. When they grow up, they'll pick up other languages easily. I think I'll start teaching them Chinese soon."
At this point, I was naked, so I dived in and went the full length of the pool and back underwater. Mishti picked up a ball, and said, "Hey, you want to play?" She tossed the ball from hand to hand.
"Sure." I then raised a hand to indicate I was ready to catch the ball. She tossed it to me, and dove in herself. She was tanning in the nude, so she was in the water immediately. We were in the deep end, and a few minutes later, both Cindy and Lola decided it was break time, so they came out to the pool and removed their maid outfits and joined us. We relocated to the shallow end, and got a little more physical. It started with innocent tickling, but the teasing and distraction soon got sexual. After half an hour, the ball was forgotten, and Mishti was giving another impromptu lesson in sex from the Kama Sutra. I magically provided suitable sex toys, and she led us in some complex fun.
After an hour of fun, we broke up. I dismissed the toys, and Mishti and I went back to tanning. She asked me to apply some lotion to her, so I did. She then returned the favor. The others put their outfits back on and went back to work. While tanning, we held a conversation in Sanskrit about current events, the weather, and how the kids were progressing. We often had such conversations in Sanskrit when she was here. We both enjoyed using multiple languages, and it also let her inquire about the kids for her job.
Finally, I got dressed and went in. Soon, I would go pick up the kids. I had just enough time to coordinate with Cindy and Tammy about the needs of the household. I had a custom SUV that I could drive comfortably, yet it could hold four kid seats in back, with room left over. I parked with the other moms, and had the doors open by the time the kids came running out. I was easy to spot as the tallest there, but also I had one of the fancier cars. The kids got in and got themselves buckled in, but I checked everyone before getting in myself. They gushed all about what they did this afternoon, even as I scanned the teachers to see if anything odd happened that I would need to deal with. My lessons on secrets were doing fairly well, as it had been at least three weeks, since the last time I had some cleanup to do.
Jamie had driven Filipe to the set and back today. They arrived home not long after we did. Filipe was enjoying his new cane. He went and commissioned it after he decided he needed one full time. It had a secret way to spray mace if he needed. It also had a GPS locator in case he got kidnapped. He wasn't worried, but we got better insurance rates with it. Jamie headed home afterwards, taking a packed dinner from Tammy. Lola and Cindy ate in the kitchen with Tammy, but helped serve and clean up.
After dinner, Filipe and I played with Cleopatra and Layla. After putting them to bed, we went upstairs also. Filipe to watch some television, and me to my voice studio. It was soundproof, and there was a light switch instead of a buzzer. It let me do some voice acting for an animated sex series I was doing these days. I often was videoconferencing with the director and other voice actors. While the writing wasn't the best, I did what I could to help by altering my lines sometimes. More often, I could only use the quality of my voice to convey the sexual aspect of my character. Sometimes, I did more than one character, and once or twice, I imitated another voice actor so well, I could cover when they were sick.
After going to bed, I had difficulty getting to sleep. Something seemed to be off about the desert. It was a little too responsive, and seemed to be anticipating us. Someday soon, I'll take a break and visit it, and meditate. Perhaps that will help me figure out what is teasing my attention.
The kids were excited by the upcoming trip to Disneyland. They also were still talking about last summer's trip to Legoland. At least the Lego bricks usually stayed in the playroom. This weekend was just a trip to the beach. The difference of the seashore and the desert was great, and they have learned some of the many differences. They liked to look for seashells, and playing in the surf. The proximity of the concession stands had led to teaching them about money, as well as giving them something else to look forward to. My biggest concern was keeping them appearing mundane, as I didn't like making people not believe they saw any magic that happened.
When the weekend came, I pulled our custom bus out. The staff loaded up the bus, including everything for a picnic. Everyone from next door came over with their stuff. I called for everyone to make their bathroom breaks, and then people got in. I did the driving, usually, with Filipe sitting behind me. Lola, in a swimsuit rather than a maid outfit, sat across from him. The kids sat in the middle, and the other adults sat in back. At the far back was a small bathroom, and a small kitchen, including a fridge, freezer, and stove. We even had an ice machine. It also had storage for a hibachi, a number of folding chairs, and even a folding table. At the top, on both sides, were pull-out canopies for shade. The usual problem was finding a parking spot that could abut grass or other suitable space for seating.
The GPS guided us to our destination, and upon hearing, "You have arrived at your destination," the kids all got excited. The older ones had either paid attention and saw we were nearing the coast, or were plugged into their devices.
As we arrived, Mark said, "Okay, everyone. We're here. Turn off the screens, unbuckle, and grab your stuff." He did as he said, and helped the kids that needed it.
I let Lola off first, and she stayed by the door to help the kids out. She had them gather right outside, waiting for the rest. The kids piled out in a bunch. Angel, Jewel, and Mark followed them, and finally, Filipe and I came. I stayed behind to collect the duffel with blankets and some toys. Mark brought a cooler with the kids' drinks, and Lola carried a bag with assorted lotions and bug spray. Angel and Jewel brought some beach umbrellas. Filipe carried the binoculars, and cameras, in a bag hung around his neck. The bus had a closed-WiFi net that our devices could access even on the beach.
Lola was in charge of finding us a good spot where we could all stay together. This usually meant we weren't too close to the beach. By the time I came down, she was yelling, "Becky Sue! Filipe! Over here."
By the time I arrived, the ladies had the umbrellas up. I pulled out the blankets and handed them out. "Lets spread these out." With my size and ability to control air, my blanket was the first laid out successfully. I stuck around long enough to help the others. Mark and I went back to collect more furniture, and another large cooler. Filipe and Mark stayed under one umbrella on chairs, and had a small tablet on a table to watch a game or two while there.
"Kids, unless you are going into the water now, lets get some sunscreen on you." Several came close, but not all. We applied it to them, then I asked, "Who wants first watch?"
Jewel said, "I'll take beach watch."
Lola said, "I'll take water watch."
That left the rest of us free to swim or stay, until we switched off. I chose to stay for now, and Angel joined Lola. Those two took some of the kids and went to the shore, soon to get wet. Jewel and I put sunscreen on each other, sensually, and getting awfully close to illegal on a public beach. But we kept it legal, since our kids were close. We talked a little bit, before settling down to tan. Mark and Filipe were in charge of the coolers, as part of the deal to be let out of the kid watch.
We all returned to the beach to eat lunch. Lola and I went to the concession stand with all the kids to get them ice cream cones. We ate there, as cones tend to leave messy kids, and we could wash up in the bathrooms nearby.
I was on water watch with Lola and some of the kids, when we heard a loud explosion out to sea. I turned my head and saw there was a large yacht on fire, and I could see a few people on board. I quickly looked back to the lifeguards, and saw there were only two on duty. "Lola, take the kids in. The lifeguards will need help. I'm going to help them."
"You sure?"
"There's more people there than they can handle at once. I can help them keep people from panicking. Get the kids to shore."
"Right. Kids! Swim time is over for now. Becky Sue is going to help out with the emergency, so we need to get back to shore so she won't worry. Now hurry."
With them in hand, I took a deep breath, and dove underwater so I could use my extra speed to swim fast. The lifeguard that had a jet ski got there first. I got there second, well before the other lifeguard. "How can I help?"
"Get everyone to hang on my jet ski."
So I used my life sense to determine who was in the water, and closest to panicking. I swam to them and said, "Hang on to me. I'm taking you to the jet ski. You can grab onto it and rest while we get the others." By the time I grabbed the third, I had to whammie her to relax, but I got her safe.
When the other life guard arrived, the first had him ride the jet ski with the others hanging onto its floating lines. After it left, there was a fire amidships, but we both could hear screams below decks. The ones in the water now said there were four others trapped down there.
I called, "Hey, can you get to them?"
"No. The fire's in the way!"
"Can they get out the other side?"
"No. It's a solid deck in front."
"How about I break it open. I'm a martial artist, and can punch it open."
"It's pretty solid."
"You mind if I try?"
"Go ahead."
So I dove down then up, and launched myself into the air, grabbing the edge to send me higher. I was able to land on the front of the boat. It rocked a bit, but I knelt down, and used my senses to determine where to hit. I used a little bit of Everest's power to harden my hand, and to make it heavier and stronger. I then used my skill to punch a hole. A few more punches opened the front enough so that I could then grab and pull the edges to open it up wide. I soon saw people below.
"Stay back until I get this opened up."
Two said, "Okay."
Thirty seconds later, I was ready. "Time to leave. Pass up some flotation devices after the first person is up. First person get under the hole and raise your hands through it. I'll grab you and lift you out."
The first to come was a young teen, and she was clearly frightened.
"You'll be okay now. I want you to grab the floats as they're passed up, as they will help you."
She bent over and grabbed them. When the next person raised their hands, I lifted them out. Even as she was getting a flotation device from the first teen, I lifted out the next two. "Is that everyone?" It was, so I got them all to grab something, then we all jumped into the water. The lifeguard had already swum over, so he was organizing them from below. We only had to wait two minutes for the jet ski to return. We all hung on to it to get back.
Once everyone was checked out, they let the local news crew in. They had already interviewed the lifeguards. I was the next target, so I gave them a short interview. I begged off after five minutes, saying I had to go back to my family. Soon after they started on the first victim, I invoked Inanna's power to lose anyone following me. I went back into the water, and did a lot of long underwater swimming to get back without a trace. I then went ashore, and no one took note of me, so I got back to my family without being noticed.
Filipe asked, "Is everything okay?"
"Yes. The lifeguards did a lot of the work, but I had to punch a hole in the deck to get the others out. I gave the local TV news crew a short interview. Once they realize who I am, it will probably go national. In the meantime, I suggest we leave before it hits the news, as I'm sure the paparazzi will come then."
"Yeah. And with the bus, we won't lose them. Hey Mark, think we should leave now?"
"Yes. But we should stop by a Chuck-E-Cheese for dinner on the way home." This was heard by the kids, who cheered. "Looks like the kids approve."
"Then let's start packing up."
I grabbed both umbrellas, and headed to the bus. Unlocking it, I then put the umbrellas in storage. Soon the others came. The older kids had their stuff and a blanket apiece. Filipe got the toys into the duffel, and brought it. The other adults made two trips, while the younger kids just got their stuff. It took almost half an hour from start to finish. I set the GPS and we left.
I dropped everyone off by the door, then parked. By the time I got in, the kids were playing and our food was already ordered. Soon, food arrived, followed by the kids, and it got quiet. At least the table did. After the meal, the kids cashed in their tickets and we left with more junk that the kids would love for at least a few days.
I was right about the news. That night, I was on the national news. Not a big item, yet still there. The next day, I got a call in the morning for an interview. I asked if it could be at my place, and they said someone would be by about eleven. I decided to meet them in the gym, so I set up a place for the interview there. I also wore a conservative, for me, gym outfit. Lola brought the crew down.
"Welcome to my home, everyone. Please gather round. I was thinking we could do the interview over here, and the crew can set up over there to shoot me, and over to the side to shoot you. Does that sound good?"
"Thank you for seeing us. I am Jeremy Henshaw, and these are my crew - Sandy Finch runs the show, Bob Van Horne is in charge of the equipment, and Richard Drake is the intern and gopher."
Sandy spoke, "I like the setup. You've already given thought to the angles. Bob, Dick, start setting up as she said. I'll get out the makeup. You don't mind, Becky Sue?"
"Not at all. I know the drill. If you want, we can go over to the mirrored wall to get a little better light."
"Sure. Thanks."
We walked over to a bench near the mirrored wall, and I sat and looked up at her, while closing my eyes. She began to apply some makeup, and said, "You have an extensive gym here. How much do you use?"
"All of it. Filipe uses more than half. As I'm dressed for it, I would not mind letting you film a little workout."
"You would do that?"
"Sure. I'm sure Jeremy will ask how I was able to swim that far and then help out. My answer is that I regularly work out. You then include a clip or two, and we go onto the next question."
"Thanks. Some stars are so full of themselves, it is a pain to work with them."
"I know. I've worked with some. But if they get out of hand, I call them aside and mention that pleasant people get asked back more often, and get better pay. That usually cools them down a little, especially as I am known as a good mentor for other actors. Sadly, some don't learn."
"Yeah, I know. Anyway, looks like you can do all sorts of training here."
"Yeah. Some of my roles are very hardcore, and I can get that way here, without worrying about others wanting sex with me."
"Yeah, I've heard what happens when you go to a public gym."
"Well... I actually go there for sex, not a workout. There are all sorts of people there, and it is fun to play on the equipment while they try to impress me or chat me up."
"Oh, you are naughty."
"True, but I tell Filipe all about it and we share a laugh or two."
"What about those who go too far?"
"I have not yet had to do much, but if I need to, most with big egos find their ego shrinks when I lift massive weights with ease."
"You can really lift that much?"
"Yes. But I do it for the roles, not for competition. But you may have heard about me lifting people up one-handed when they get annoying?"
"Yeah, I have."
"My size makes it an easy hold, and my strength makes it look easy. You may have noticed the paparazzi seem nice when I am about? That's because I told them to be nice, and carried a few that were too aggressive to the side. It changes the focus to them, and they don't like that. Besides, all the other paparazzi get that shot, but they don't, so they earn less."
"I would think that makes them like you less."
"It might, but I prefer to work with them, so if they ask for a scandalous shot, I give them one. Most are quite happy to get pics of me."
"Most stars complain about them, yet you don't. Why?"
I smiled and said, "Who's doing this interview?" Then added, "For my family. I want to give them the privacy that ordinary people have. I can't do that, but by working with them, they don't have to invade our privacy. I still get some that invade, but far less than other stars of my popularity. All because I give them what they want - scandal in public. That makes my family far less interesting. I bet a number of paparazzi went to the beach looking for me, but my family already went elsewhere to avoid them, while still keeping the kids happy."
"I'm done with the makeup. Damn. Can't get more gossip. Time for the interview."
"Then let's go over there, and you can get the lighting set up." I stood, and we went to the cameras. Sandy spoke privately with Jeremy, and I saw him raise his eyebrows, and she nodded. I knew she just told him to ask some questions.
Sandy said, "... And we're on."
"Welcome everyone. I am Jeremy Henshaw, and we are here to bring you more information on the rescue yesterday. With me, is Becky Sue Tate, movie star and hero. Yesterday, a fire aboard a boat endangered over a dozen people. Becky Sue, along with two lifeguards, helped save them. All three are heroes. So, Becky Sue, tell me why you chose to help?"
"Like everyone there, we all heard the explosion that started the fire. I saw they were far out, and knew that even for lifeguards, that would be a difficult rescue. I didn't know about the jet ski, so I decided to help, since I am quite fit and a strong swimmer. As it was, I was the first swimmer to the boat, but after the lifeguard with the jet ski."
"How did you get to be such a good swimmer?"
"As you can see behind me, I have a rather good home gym, and I have made use of such all my life. This gives me a lot of endurance. As to swimming, I also have an Olympic-sized swimming pool that I regularly use. Add to that the adrenaline of an emergency, and I got there ready to help."
"Tell us about the rescue itself?"
"Well, with a lifeguard there, I asked him how best to help. Under his direction, I helped corral the people that jumped into the water, and brought them to the jet ski so they could hang on and be brought quickly to shore. Later, we learned there were some trapped inside behind the fire. With the lifeguard's okay, I went on deck and used my martial art skills to punch a hole that could be used to escape. I helped those trapped to get out, and we all jumped into the water. The jet ski eventually got everyone to the shore."
"Have you ever saved lives before?"
"Yes. The most notable was on Mount Everest. I was carrying a special hang glider, intending to retrieve a body from the summit, but one of our people got appendicitis. I wound up flying him to a local hospital, and because of the speed, he lived."
"Didn't you make the summit, yourself?"
"Yes. I even made Playboy with that picture. After saving my teammate's life, I noticed the winds were favorable, so I took a chance, and managed to fly back up in time to rejoin the team."
"You are a very determined woman."
"Yes. Keeping fit takes determination, and by doing it, I can do the physically hard roles."
"With all this equipment here, why do you go to public gyms?"
"For fun, of course. I love flirting and teasing in such places, and since I am quite fit, I don't have to focus on the workout, and can instead focus on the people. I'm sure you've heard a few stories about me in those gyms."
"I have. It seems you sometimes get confused about which locker room to use."
I smiled and said, "If you say so. I've not had any complaints about that."
"Could you show us a bit of your workout?"
"Sure."
Rather than do that, he closed off the interview by saying, "Yes folks, she is a hero, and also physically fit. Someone we should all want to emulate. This is Jeremy Henshaw, signing off."
Sandy said, "Cut! Great work. Jeremy, can you go with Becky Sue, and take turns on various machines so we can tape you working out like her?"
"Sure, but I didn't bring my workout clothes."
I said, "I'm sure you can borrow something of Filipe's." Looking about, I saw Cindy watching, so I said, "Cindy, bring down something for Jeremy, would you?"
"Yes ma'am." She left, and I went to the first machine they wanted to film. While on the second machine, Cindy returned, and Jeremy went to change. While filming Jeremy doing those machines, I excused myself for a bit to retrieve some boards.
Between machines, Jeremy asked about the boards.
"These are to show my ability to break wood with martial arts. Thought you might want that to show as well."
Sandy said, "YES! We gotta have that."
Soon, we were filming Jeremy holding the boards and me breaking them.
I invited them all to join me in the sauna to talk some more, but off the record. Jeremy accepted, so Sandy dithered while I started it up. When I got naked in front of everyone, I just said, "No need for modesty here. The sauna is very comfortable, and I do so enjoy it." I managed to be so confident, that Jeremy had undressed and entered before he realized what he was doing. Since Sandy just had to hear everything, she reluctantly undressed, and Bob and Richard followed suit. Of course, it helped that I had invoked a little of Inanna's power.
Jeremy asked, "What did you want to talk about?"
"Well, you had asked if I was confused about which locker room I should go into. As you can see here, I have no issue with being naked around others. Also, after a good workout, hormones are up, and sex is more likely. Since I like sex, and am open about it, it often happens."
"It really happens that easily?"
"Oh yes. For example, look at Richard. His dick is clearly erect, and his eyes are on me. Hey Richard, bring your dick over and do something useful with it."
Richard looked like a deer in headlines, but my smile and confident expectation got him to stand and walk over to me. "What do you want me to do?"
Since his dick was near my head, I just leaned over and deepthroated him all the way in a single thrust. I applied suction, and pulsed my tongue all over his dick and balls. Richard seemed to lose track of the fact, others were in the room, while Jeremy and Sandy were in shock at the ease of what just happened. A few moments later, he was leaning down to play with my breasts. Bob, meanwhile, just sat back and watched.
I let him play for a minute or two, but then I released him, lay down, and spread my legs, saying, "You know where to put it." Richard immediately lay on top of me, and placed his dick in my vagina, while continuing to play with my breasts. I set the pace, and controlled his body, but I was working him up to a lather, so that when he blew, everyone would know it. He blew, and was spent.
Sandy spoke up. "I can't believe that just happened."
Jeremy said, "I saw it, too. And I can't believe how hot and bothered I am."
"I know. I am so wet."
Bob continued to watch, as I carefully placed Richard to the side, then got up and lay down next to Jeremy. Spreading my legs, I said, "Jeremy, let me relieve your difficulty."
"But..."
"You know you want it, and I am quite willing. Come." I then beckoned him over with a finger. He couldn't resist. He stood between my legs, and entered me, and began to pound me.
"Jeremy! What are you doing?"
"She asked me, and oh my, she is tight. It feels so good."
"Sandy, don't begrudge Jeremy his fun. In fact, why don't you come here and sit on my face, and I can show you what I can do with my tongue."
"I'm not into women."
"But seeing Jeremy so close will be such a turn-on, and likewise, he can kiss you and play with your breasts to make it so much better."
"Still..."
"Come. I assure you that you will enjoy it." I then beckoned her as I had him. She, too, reluctantly came and sat on my face. I started licking her, teasing her, then I started sticking my tongue into her, deeper and deeper, while still licking the surface.
"What are you doing to me. That tongue, it's going deep. Oh!"
That last was when I plunged it several inches in. Then I started thickening it, and sending it in and out. Each time, it went deeper, and was thicker. When I finally reached her G-spot, I briefly rubbed it. Her breathing altered, and she was less coherent. I started rubbing even harder, and went even deeper. Soon she was screaming, and then she came. I clenched my vaginal muscles, and Jeremy came. I kept her orgasm going by continuing to pound her with my tongue. When she finally came down, I helped her sit on a bench. Jeremy had fallen asleep on my chest, and I just gave a sigh of contentment.
Ten minutes later, they roused. Sandy started with, "I can't believe I just did that."
Jeremy replied, "I know. She got me, too."
"What do we tell people?"
"I don't know."
"Bob, you want a turn, or are you satisfied masturbating?"
"I'm married, and faithful. I won't have sex with you, but I will enjoy what I see happening in front of me." He then grinned.
I said, "I'm glad you enjoy the view. As for the rest of you, you needn't say anything. Besides, you enjoyed the sex, did you not?"
Richard said, "You made my week."
I quietly laughed.
Jeremy added, "Mine, too."
Sandy finished with, "I'd say you guys are easy, except she made my week, too. Damn, she's good."
"I've had practice. Besides, we all had fun, right? Now you know what I get out of going to public gyms."
Sandy asked, "You do this kind of thing at all the gyms?"
"Most of the time, yes. I do try to leave them wanting more. That way, they look forward to my next visit."
"You are just too much."
"He he. Yeah, I know. Makes you all wish you could get away with it, no?"
Jeremy said, "Our profession can't handle the scandal. Yours, well, it feeds on it."
We spent another half hour before they decided they had to leave. So I saw them out, but didn't bother to dress first. After they left, I went to the breakfast room to eat lunch.
After Tammy put some food in front of me, she sat and asked, "How'd the interview go? Looks like it ended well."
"That it did. I felt that my athletic ability played a large part in the rescue, so I held it in the gym, I broke some boards with my fist to show I could punch through a boat hull, then invited them to share the sauna. They couldn't resist, and we had sex. You might have heard if you were close."
"I was. I even peeked through the window. That Jeremy is nice on the eyes."
"Yep. Sandy wasn't bad either, Bob chose to be faithful, and poor Richard is just too young to know what's happening."
We chatted for a bit, as I ate. Afterwards, I dressed and headed to my voice studio.
The next day, Angel had my kids in the morning and would take them to kindergarten. I made my plans to spend the day in the desert, trying to figure things out. After the kids left, I went to Death Valley. Leaving my clothes in the Pocket Industry, I walked a quarter mile, and sat down.
I opened my senses to see what was going on in the area. I could sense some people, maybe twenty miles away, but no one closer. I then began my meditation, and also opened my mind to the ambient feelings of Death Valley. I was quite surprised when I heard it say, "Hello." Before now, I only felt its feelings.
"Hello. You can talk?"
"Yes. The other talks to me all the time, but I don't think he can hear me. When you are here, you teach, and the small ones listen, so I listen also. You place words in me as you teach, and so I learn the words also. I only hear the other speak some of them. Why is that?"
"I am teaching several languages at the same time to the children, the small ones. The one used the most here is called English, but the other languages are used elsewhere. This will let them talk easily not just here, but in other places that speak differently."
"Will I get a chance to use all of these languages?"
"With me, you can. Most others will not believe they heard you. Of those who believe, most will speak this language only. I will speak with Bret, your guardian, so he knows to listen. Hopefully soon, he will hear you."
We spoke for at least an hour before finishing. In that time, I realized it was quite childlike. It also told me that it was gaining power, even showing me some of what it could do. When I tried to do it, it seemed I could, by using its power. One thing I tried was gathering a whirlwind about me and joining it as I had in the dreamworld. I soon learned to switch from sight to sand sensing as I spun, so I would not get dizzy. Five minutes later, I stopped, and felt almost no dizziness. Later, I promised to include it in future lessons, and to come visit more often.
My next stop was to see Bret. So I got dressed, got his location from the valley, and then teleported near him. I walked up to him as soon as I saw he was alone.
"Hello, Becky Sue. What can I do for you?"
"I have news, guardian."
He quickly looked about, then lowered his voice, "What news, priestess?"
"Recently, I sensed a difference here, and today I learned what it is. It seems the valley has gained a voice."
"What? How?"
"Remember a few years ago I cleared the valley for a while?" He nodded. "That was because four gods were about to be born. Now, I am teaching them at the valley, and it is learning, as well."
"Gods? What is that about?"
"Change is in the wind, and I am keeping my head down as much as I can. But I am in the middle of it, so I have a lot of attention on me. I am doing my best to keep you out of it. But my obligations to you and it, bring me here. You need to know that it hears you when you talk to it. It is like a child in understanding. But you do not hear it. I ask you to listen, to pay attention, and to be a mentor to it."
"I shall. Will it otherwise affect my duties?"
"Maybe. You must decide. It is not human, but it is being taught by humans, so it is learning like a human. Remember that. We are both like parents to it. You are here more often, but I have a clearer connection. We both are nurturing a new life, and will be for the rest of our lives."
I gave a pause, then continued, "Enough of that. You have my news, and I need to make other stops."
"In that case, visit soon and tell me more."
"I will. Goodbye, then."
"Goodbye."
I then returned home, and I went into the yard alone, and spoke. "Lord An, I have some welcome news."
"What news do you have? Have the children done something interesting?"
"Not the children, but rather Death Valley. It spoke."
I had a feeling that would get his attention. Out of the clear sky, I got hit by lightning, and then I was in his cloud in a sitting room. "It spoke?"
"Yes. We held a conversation of about an hour. It is very childlike."
"That is quite unusual. It usually takes centuries before such learn to speak, and then they barely can do a few words."
"Bret, the guardian, apparently speaks to it often. And I have been teaching the kids to speak, read and write there. The sand is an easy writing surface for their young bodies. It has been paying attention. Then there is the link between us. I think that link allows some leakage from my intellect to it, and so it is able to learn faster."
"What you say has merit. Have you told Inanna yet?"
"No. I'll leave that for tonight. I told the guardian, Bret, so he could assist in the teaching, then I came home to tell you, as it was your power that began things."
"I see. You are wise to tell me quickly. What are your plans concerning it, now?"
"In some ways, it is like a child I have to raise. I will nurture it, and teach it. I will teach it about the world, about people, and more. Hopefully, when I die, I will have taught it enough to understand the world about itself, and how to handle people."
"That is a lot of work to add to teaching the children."
"I plan to overlap some of that work by teaching it, as I teach the children there. But you are right, it is more work."
"It seems you have it well in hand. In that case, since you are here, let us celebrate this milestone." He got up, and a wall evaporated, revealing a bed. I undressed, left the clothes on a chair, and followed him into the bedroom. I summoned Inanna's power of sex, and An's power of lightning, to prepare. His clothes evaporated as he walked. As he walked, I was reading his body to see what he desired. Then I attacked sexually.
When he lay down and saw me, I was slowly walking toward him. My vagina was lit up with tiny lightning, as were my lips and fingertips. Each time my hips swayed, they left an afterimage of tiny sparks. I could see his dick harden almost instantly. Rather than climb on him, I used his power to lift me up on wind and deposit myself upon him.
He came almost instantly, so I delivered a shock with my vagina. I then began to grind on his still-erect cock, and pulled his hands to my breasts. With Inanna's power active, I knew what his body wanted. My fingers traced the lines of his body, and I was teasing him mercilessly. It didn't take long for him to come again, and this time with some lightning.
As I was expecting him to do that, I was preparing. I used Everest's power to create metallic wires hanging off my feet. They were so long, that they pooled on the floor before going into the cloud. They had enough play to allow me to move about, as I needed to. With as much as I was teasing him, he never even noticed.
The next time I came, I sent lightning from my vagina into his dick, even as I also had my nipples shoot out some sparks. He came hard, and shot a more powerful lightning bolt. I didn't yet need to divert power to the wires, because I was able to handle it myself.
Two minutes later, I came again, and I did the same, but even more powerful. In turn, he came and used more power. I diverted the extra power into my tongue, which made it become plasma. I then was able to stretch it out longer than it was, and began to caress his face, even though I was sitting up on his supine body. This just got him even more energetic.
In only another minute and a half, I came again. I sent even more power into him, and he the same. I knew I was nearing my limit before becoming all plasma, so I sent power through my feet into the wires. While that worked, it seemed I miscalculated. The wires vaporized, and burned into ash in a moment.
I was preparing more and thicker wire, but it took too long. I came, then he did, and I had too much power in me. I sent it into my tongue, while whipping it up. I think because it was plasma, and saturated with energy, that it lengthened even more, and made contact with the ceiling. There, it discharged into the ceiling. I was recovering, and wondering what to do next, when I came again. Well, my tongue worked before, so I did it again. And again, and again.
Soon, I was in a continual state of coming, and so was he. The power was cycling, I began to wonder if I might be entering AC territory. My tongue seemed to have lengthened as the ceiling was evaporating where the discharge happened. By this time, not only my nipples had gone to plasma, but they were at least six inches long. Yet, the breasts outside the aureole were still solid. Between them wasn't quite plasma, nor quite solid. Not only that, the nipples seemed to curl around his hands as he fondled my breasts.
I'm not sure, but I think I may have passed out for a bit, because the ceiling above me was gone, revealing stars, and I saw my plasma tongue going all the way through. Once it passed the outer edge of his cloud, I saw it fork several times. I realized it was like the gigantic jet form of lightning, but persistent while we were locked in our cycle. Looking down, I saw my nipples were now almost-footlong plasma tentacles, with minds of their own. My fingers were about double their normal length and plasma.
It was at this point An tapped out, and finally deflated. My fingers were the first to return to normal, followed by my nipples. My tongue continued to discharge a while, but swiftly shortened. Yet, it took nearly ten seconds until it was entirely back in the room. While it continued to get smaller, it wasn't discharging, so I called for lightning from my hand and aimed it through the hole in the ceiling. After over two dozen bolts, I could finally see my tongue was back to normal. My fingers and nipples shrank also, but were still plasma. After a second dozen, the plasma left. A few more, and I could feel the lightning in my vagina was gone. I, too, felt spent, but I had enough energy to roll off and lay beside him.
I zoned out a while before rousing myself, and I saw An was still out. I thought about waking him, but decided to leave. I chose to use the air that was still blowing on me, and strengthen it to lift me up and out. I found the sun was shining below me, so I knew I was quite high. Beneath me was ocean, but I didn't know where. I decided I needed to get back to near the surface, but not with a teleport, as that would likely trigger lightning issues. So I, instead, used magic to create a solid illusion of a hang glider, and I used it to get low. As it carried me away, I let the wind lifting me diminish until it was gone and I was fully supported by the illusion.
When I got low enough to feel the spray of the waves, I again used magic and created an illusionary boat just ahead. When I was over it, I released the glider and dismissed it. I fell a few feet into the boat, but I was safely down. As both the weather and the water were calm, I felt I could finally relax. As I lay down, I heard a voice.
"Are you all right, Becky Sue?"
"Isis?"
"Yes. Are you okay?"
"I... think so."
"Good. That was quite unexpected. I see now why the others have such interest in you. Half the power you handled would destroy every other mortal I have ever encountered. It only knocked you out."
"It did? How do you know?"
"By that time, I was exceedingly aware of what was going on. I could also feel a portion of his power flow through you. When you went unconscious, I took over. Just enough to keep you going, and to also get your mind to summon Everest's power for endurance. That additional stabilizing power allowed your mind to recover and wake, so I pulled back."
"Woah. It's going to take some time to deal with that. For now, I think it best I not try to teleport, and anyway, I don't know where I am. I could be in any ocean. Maybe in a few hours, I can figure out how to get out of this situation."
"Just fly out. It won't take long."
"That could take hours of days. I don't know if I could hang glide that long without resting first."
"No, not that way. Use my feathers."
"Oh! That's right." I then invoked her power. Soon I was levitating over the boat, and dismissed it. Then, with her feathers, I flew in the direction of the sun until I saw land. Then I flew up so I could see the shape. I recognized I was over Brazil. I flew up the coast to Central America, where I crossed to the other side at the Panama Canal. Once I flew past Baha California, I looked for the golf course I usually used for my hang gliding. At this point, I used magic to disguise myself as a large bird. Flying down, I followed the roads to my home. I flew and landed under some trees at the edge of my property.
Opening my senses, I didn't notice anyone close, so I dismissed the disguise and her power. "Thank you, Isis. I am in your debt."
"Giving me a reason to live again, is worth this many times over. Letting me teach the kids has made me value you as family. No, as my sister. You are mortal, not divine, yet your ability to handle divine power is remarkable. I will help protect you. I cannot do it fully without revealing myself, and I am reluctant to do that. Yet, you seem unusually capable of defending yourself."
"Well, time to see what has happened while I was out."
"He he. Could be interesting." I then felt her recede into the background, but I knew she was watching.
I walked back to the house, and the first thing I did when I entered was to look at the clock. It was almost four in the afternoon. I got a snack, and looked out for someone bringing the kids home any minute. The wait was short, and they came running in, and soon passed me to get a snack for themselves. I shooed them from the kitchen into the breakfast room, and asked them about their day. Tammy just smiled and shook her head.
That night, after the kids went to bed, I told Filipe about Death Valley, and about An. He snickered at the latter, as I had done it to him again. I had to smile at that myself. In my sleep, Inanna spoke with me about my rather energetic tryst with An, and the reason I was there. She, too, thought Death Valley was progressing quite fast. With as little as I did today, I was wiped out. In the morning I had the kids again.
Thinking ahead, I realized that in a few months, they will enter the first grade. I think I will volunteer at the school, perhaps in the library, so I would be near in case something happens. Yet, I won't be hovering over them too much. School will be such an adventure for them.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!