As they walked to the elevator, she took a quick glance at the resort information provided, there were tickets and lists of events, one caught her eye, but she almost tripped and decided that she would need to look at this more a little later.
They arrived at the elevator, Stacy pressed the button, and they entered the elevator when it arrived. She pushed the floor number, and turned looked at the couple and asked, "Do you have any questions so far?"
He turned to look at her with the question in his eyes. She nodded at him, smiled and said, "Yes, go ahead and ask her, it's only fair."
He turned to Stacy, looked down at her breasts, reached up, took a hold of her shoulder and turned her, so that he could look at the tail coming from her behind, then turned her back to look at her face. He asked, "Are you allowed to have an orgasm while you are on duty?" She responded as the young man at the entrance did, "If I have been a good girl, I am allowed to have orgasm while I am on duty."
He asked, "Have you been a good girl today?"
She responded, "Yes, I have been a good girl, and my Master will allow me to have orgasms during my shift today." Just as she finished answering the elevator doors opened and she walked out ahead of them and led them to their room. She used one of the keys to open the door, stepped aside to allow them to enter. She placed the cart with the luggage to the side of the door. As they walked into the room, she pulled the luggage from the cart and placed it inside on the luggage racks in the closet. She walked into the room, "This is the living room to your suite, on the desk is a guest book that shows the different uses and accessories for the furniture, in here, bedroom, as well as the bathroom." She led them to the bedroom, the bed was a lavish four poster bed with different types of decorator type hardware that could be used for a variety of things. She pointed to the bathroom, as they entered the first thing they saw was a huge jacuzzi tub, to the side was a walk-in closet sized shower. On the vanity were drawers with different labels, on read, "Shower Attachments." They looked at each other and smiled huge grins.
They all walked back to the living room, Stacy turned and finished with, "If there is anything you need, please feel free to contact the front desk and they will do everything they can to accommodate any requests you might have. She waited to see if they needed anything.
He wanted to make sure his next move would be approved of, he turned to her, looked into her face. She smiled and took a one-hundred-dollar bill out of her purse. He smiled.
He turned to Stacy and said, "Stacy, have you had an orgasm today? She looked at him, and shook her head no. "I am going to give you a choice, my love will give you a one-hundred-dollar tip or you will allow me to give you and orgasm that will bring you to your knees. You have two minutes to decide, if you do not make the decision in two minutes you will receive nothing. Come here please." As she approached, he reached behind and gently moved and twisted the tail coming from her behind just once. He stepped back and looked at her face. "Your two minutes begins now." He turned looked at his love, she was looking at her watch timing her response. "One minute," she said. It took a little longer for Stacy to respond. She said, "One minute fifteen seconds." Stacy looked up startled, still thinking, it took another fifteen seconds, and just before the time was announced again, Stacy answered, "Sir, I will take the orgasm, thank you." He could see the tail in her behind start to quiver.
"Very well, come closer." Her turned and looked at his love, "Please watch this closely, this is what you look like when I please you."
As she approached, he said, "Stacy, you may look at me or you may look at what I am doing, you may only close your eyes when you are about to reach your orgasm, you will wait for my permission, do you understand?" Stacy nodded, "Yes Sir."
As she approached, he bent over and gently took a nipple into his mouth, he suckled on her nipple, and he felt her quiver. Then he moved to the other nipple and suckled on it, her quivering became more apparent. He pulled away. "Turn around and put your hands on your knees." Stacy did as she was told. He looked at her ample bottom with the tail protruding out. He looked at her bottom, and could not resist. He slapped her bottom, not hard, just hard enough to sting a little and watch the tail jump Then he slapped the other side of the bottom, so he could watch the tail jump again. He smiled. He reached for the tail and began to twist it. One of her hands slipped on her kneed, she quickly replaced it. He began to pull the tail out of her asshole, not all the way just enough to stretch her asshole just a little, he began to move it in and out, not all the way, just enough to stretch her so she could feel it. She moaned, she began to move herself back against the plug in her asshole.
He continued for a little longer, and then stopped abruptly. She moaned and fell a little forward and she had to stop herself with her elbows on her knees to prevent herself from falling forward. "Hands to your ankles please." She tried to contain herself, and hesitated. He slapped her bottom hard and loud. "Hands to your ankles NOW." She started and complied. She bent over and grabbed her ankles. When she did this, her pussy lips came into view, the tail dangling just between them. He lifted the tail out of the way, and slid a finger between the lips of her pussy. He could feel how wet she was and he became excited, his cock was getting hard in his pants. He had to contain himself. He wanted his love to see herself, this was not for him. His fingers explored the wetness, sliding his fingers almost into her pussy, but not quite. He stopped. He needed his love to see the face of this woman. "Stand up and face me." She did so quickly, he could tell she did not want another swat on her ass.
Stacy wasn't sure what to expect next, she was dripping wet and wanted to have an orgasm, but she knew she had to wait. This was not for her, this was for her guest. She stood facing him, wondering what he was going to do next.
He gently slapped her breasts, just enough to make them pink. The girl moaned at this, and her knees buckled slightly. He took her nipples in between his thumb and forefinger, squeezed and then twisted both nipples at the same time. The girl moaned again falling against him weak from desire. He put his arm around her shoulder until she could contain herself.
He turned and looked at his love and smiled. She was watching the girl, as if it was her first time seeing such a thing.
She watched as he did these things to the girl. She had no idea that his touch did those things to her, she could feel herself getting wet at the thought of his touch.
Stacy composed herself and was able to stand on her own again. She wasn't sure if she would be able to wait until he gave her permission. Her clit was throbbing and aching for release.
He turned from his love and looked at Stacy's face, she stared back, with a desire and need he forgot he could produce. "Poor girl," he thought, "I want to get back to our weekend, I should let her finish."
"Spread your legs." She complied as she did this he reached behind her, and took the tail into his hand. He moved his other hand to her pussy. Spreading the lips of her pussy to feel the wetness. He slid two fingers into her pussy and began to stroke in and out. Then he placed his thumb on her clit and began to stroke her clit, as he did this he moved the tail plug that was stuck in her ass. She began to moan, her eyes still open and enjoying the sensations. Just as his thumb hit her clit her eyes closed, he could tell she was ready to explode. He waited for just a moment longer, and slowly whispered loud enough for both women to hear, "Go ahead, cum." He continued to stroke her clit. Her breathing became quick, her body started to shake, she let out a moan that sounded almost inhuman as if there were no one to hear her. Her back arched and let her rest against his arm as he continued to move the plug in her asshole. He felt her gush on his hand, her body shaking unconscionably and she collapsed back onto his arm.
Stacy was gone, her mind exploded and the heat and pleasure between her legs made her weak, the sensation in her asshole was pushing against her pussy, and her pussy pushing against her clit, everything exploded in her brain the pleasure so deep and strong there were no words. She heard a noise, and realized she was moaning. Her pussy bucked against his hand in wave after wave of pleasure. Finally, there were no more and she collapsed onto his arm holding the plug. She felt him let go of the plug, and her mind went blank for a moment or two.
He held her until she was able to pull herself together enough to stand on her own.
He looked at her love, she moved to lean against the dresser a she watched.
She had no idea just how much passion showed on her face when he gave her orgasms. She was looking at the girl experiencing her orgasm. Her face became young, as if there were no worries in the world. "Oh my God!!, she thought, "he makes me feel so beautiful."
He steadied Stacy, looked into her face, and asked, "Stacy, are you able to proceed without assistance?"
Stacy blinked, took a deep breath, tested her legs and was able to stand on her own. "Yes Sir, I am able to proceed. Thank you very much Sir. Is there anything else I can do for you?" She looked at them both.
He looked at her, "No, there will be nothing else. Thank you Stacy".
Stacy walked toward the door, her tail wiggling on her bottom, and let herself out of the room.
He looked at his love, walked to her, and took her in his arms.
She melted into his arms weak with desire and full of love.
She looked up at him, "I loved that, I promise I did."