Chapter 3 -- At the Movies
After we left Victoria's Secret, Susan asked about an X-Rated Video store downtown.
"Does that store show movies?" she asked me.
Since I had been there several times to get my rocks off during our low-sex years, I knew the place fairly well. "It has booths where one or two people can feed quarters into the video machine and pick whatever porn flicks they want, and it also has a small theater that shows full length movies on a large screen TV."
"Seems like you know the place pretty well," Susan said.
"Well, to be honest, I have gotten my rocks off there several times."
"Oh? Tell me about it?" she queried.
"I just watched porn flicks in the video machines and jacked off. Once there was a woman giving blow jobs in a glory hole and she sucked me off."
"What's a glory hole?"
"It's a whole in the wall of the video booth. A guy can stick his cock through the whole and the person on the other side sucks him off. It's all quite impersonal. Gay guys like it a lot because they can suck a guy's cock and the guy may think he's getting sucked by a woman."
"So were you sucked by a guy?"
"No, I am pretty sure it was a woman. At least she (he?) had a female voice."
"Did you talk with each other? What did you say?"
"I talked as little as possible. All I wanted was to get my rocks off. I remember that we both thanked each other when it was over, but that's about it."
"What about the Theater?" Susan asked, her curiosity growing.
"It's a small theater with couches instead of seats. It's intended for couples, but lots of single guys watch the movies so they can see what the couples do. There are about a dozen couches, so it's not very big."
"And what do the couples do?"
"Just what you would expect that they do. Want to find out for yourself?"
"Why do you think I have been asking all the questions," she asked. "Of course I want to find out for myself. Let's go."
"Right now?" I asked? My cock was still recharging from our visit to the shoe store an hour ago.
"What's the matter?" Susan asked.
"Nothing," I sighed. "I am still reeling from last night with Judi and then with Billy and from Jessica's blow job at the shoe store. But don't worry, I'll recover. Let's go watch a movie."
"Great, but first, I want to change into something more appropriate for the movies," Susan said.
We headed towards the nearest women's room so she could change and I waited outside the door. When she emerged a few minutes later, I just about shit a brick. She was wearing an almost transparent black blouse with no bra underneath. Her skirt was a thin cotton print that fell to her mid-thigh, and was buttoned up the front. Actually it was unbuttoned almost to her pussy. As she walked, the skirt gapped open to the very top of her thighs. She sat down in a bench in the mall for just a moment to adjust her spiked heels and as she did, her skirt fell to both sides and her pussy was on prominent display. No point in pretending to be modest. This outfit screamed, "Look at me. Aren't I sexy? Don't you want to fuck me?"
We walked out of the mall into the afternoon sun and passed a couple headed into the mall. The sun was behind Susan so it shined through both her blouse and her skirt. As I looked at her, her breasts were clearly outlined, and it was obvious that she was wearing nothing underneath. The fellow's jaw almost dropped and his head locked onto Susan like a radar dish tracking an incoming missile. His partner noticed his reaction and she yanked his arm to get his attention back.
"Did you see her?" I heard him ask.
"Yes. She's clearly a two bit whore and you don't want to fall back into being a sinner again do you, Ralph?"
I didn't hear the rest of the conversation, but Susan burst out laughing. She stopped and yelled, "Hey Ralph!"
Ralph stopped in his tracks and turned around to look at Susan as she pulled her skirt open and gave him a quick flash of her pussy. "I miss you sweetie. Give me a call."
Ralph's wife looked at Susan and then slapped Ralph right in the face. "You son of a bitch!" she yelled at him. Have you been sleeping with that whore?"
Ralph was totally flummoxed as Susan turned away and pulled my arm. "I love what your tongue does to my pussy, so call me soon," she shouted back to him as we walked away.
I heard the sound of another slap as Ralph's wife unloaded on him again, but we were soon to far away to hear the rest of the conversation.
"That was mean," I said to Susan, half angry and totally amused.
"Well, she struck me as one of those up tight bible thumpers, so I just couldn't resist the temptation to pull her chain."
"You pulled it pretty good. I'll be poor Ralph doesn't get any for months."
"Serves him right," said Susan. "He's a complete wimp and doesn't have the balls to stand up to her. If he has been stepping out on her, they need to work that out, but playing the "you're a sinner" card just pisses me off. I just have no tolerance for that self-righteous hypocritical bullshit. It's so bogus. I bet she thinks that any sex not done in the dark and the missionary position is evil."
"So tell me how you really feel," I offered.
"I feel like flashing and fucking and we are going to do just that," Susan said and turned to me and pulled her skirt open again to give me a quick look at her bald pussy. "Are you good with that?"
"Want to wait until we get to the movie theater or should I go back and get Ralph?"
Susan laughed and stepped up close to me and gave me a big kiss. She snaked one hand down the front of my shorts and gave my cock a big squeeze. "Let's go," she said as she let go of my cock. I opened her door and held it for her as she got in. She put her left leg into the car but left her right leg on the ground, giving me another great shot of her pussy. She looked up at me and smiled and winked as she used her left hand to start fingering herself.
I just smiled and watched her for a few moments as she masturbated in a public parking lot. "You are so fucking sexy," I said to her. I felt my cock getting harder and stepped a bit closer to her. I was wearing very loose fitting shorts and I pulled the leg of my shorts up so she could see my rapidly hardening cock. She reached up with her right hand and grabbed my cock and pulled it (and me) towards her. She sucked me into her mouth and continued to frig herself as I stood next to her and watched for trouble. I knew that most malls now have cameras watching the parking lot and I didn't want to get busted.
I let her continue to suck me until I spotted a cop car enter the parking lot about 200 yards away. "Time to go," I said as I stepped back. "You can keep playing with yourself, but I think it's time to get out of this parking lot. I closed her door and quickly got into the driver's seat and started the engine. I backed out of our parking spot and headed out of the parking lot in the opposite direction from the cop car, and in 30 seconds, we were on our way downtown.
We got to the Porn Store about ten minutes later. Susan was still frigging herself as I parked. "OK, my sweet slut. Do you want to finish yourself off or do you want to go inside and play?"
Susan looked at me with a dreamy look and said, "Stick your fingers in my pussy, sweetie. I want to cum just a little before we go inside."
I smiled and turned toward her so I could use my left hand to help her out. I stuck my index finger in her pussy and started stroking her. I quickly followed with two fingers and then three as she started to groan. "Yeah, baby. Stroke me faster. I'm almost there."
I increased my rhythm and in moments I could feel her start to buck against my hand. "Oh, Fuck!" she said as she came. It wasn't a real squirter, but she clearly felt some relief as her whole body shuddered. "That was good," she said. "Now I want some cock. Let's go play."
We walked into the store and were immediately assailed with shelves full of DVD's with lurid covers and titles like " Belladona's Manhandled" and "Roller Dolze." The front of the sales counter was filled with sexual toys like inflatable women and lots of dildos. Toward the back was a doorway that led to the video booths and to the right, across the store from the sales counter was the entrance to the theater. Susan started looking through the shelves of videos and picked one off the shelf and handed it to me. The title was "Slutty and Sluttier 11."
"Remind you of anybody?" she asked me with a grin.
"Yeah, but we don't have anything near 11 chapters yet. Right now we are only on chapter three," I replied.
Susan started looking at the dildos and vibrators in the display. Some were tiny like the Pocket Rocket vibrator. Others were just huge plastic cocks. Susan had never had a dildo or vibrator and she was fascinated. "Can I try one?" she asked the young clerk behind the counter with a sultry voice.
"Sorry, lady, but you have to buy it to try it," he said back.
Susan feigned disappointment and let one hand slip to her pussy and started frigging herself right in front of him. "But I'm so horny," she said pleadingly. "Just let me see that big one."
"OK," he grinned, "but don't go getting me in trouble." He reached into the counter and pulled out a giant molded dildo. It must have been twelve inches long and at least three inches in circumference. He handed it to Susan and she took it as if it were a sacred object. She cradled it in her hands and looked at me with a pleading look. And then she gently took it into her mouth. She started sucking on it and took at least six inches down her throat.
She took it out of her mouth and said, "It's so big, and it tastes so good. What do they put on it to make it taste so good?"
"I haven't a clue, lady, but that was hot. How much of it can you swallow?"
"I don't know. Let's find out," Susan said to him as she returned it to her mouth. She got it six inches down her throat and then pulled it out an inch or so and pushed it back in even deeper. I could see her throat bulge as she forced it deeper and deeper. Before long she had almost 10" stuck down her throat. She looked at me and winked and then pulled it out and said, "OK, let's finish the test." She spread her legs and started to insert it into her pussy right in front of the sales clerk. There were several men wandering around the store and they all could see her in the big mirrors that were placed high on the walls to help spot shoplifters. All of them started to stand around Susan as she stuck the dildo into her cunt. She looked down at her pussy as she pushed the giant cock deeper and deeper inside her. You could hear a pin drop as everybody seemed to stop breathing.
Susan pushed the dildo all the way into her cunt and then pulled it out again and said, "That was fun, but do you have anything that squirts? I love it when a man cums deep in my throat."
"Only in my pants, lady," the clerk replied, rolling his eyes. "That was pretty hot, but I'm gonna have to ask you to buy that."
"OK," said Susan. But I want a remote control vibrator too. "What do you have?"
"We have the Dreamboat Vibrator. It fits into your pussy and strokes your G-spot. And the remote control works from 50 feet away." He pulled a small box from the counter and showed it to Susan. "But I'm sorry, lady. You're not going to be able to try this one on."
"I can if I buy it," said Susan with a broad grin. She looked at me and said, "Honey, please pay the man and then let's go to the movie theater and try these toys out."
I smiled back at her and pulled out a credit card and handed it to the clerk. "Care to throw in tickets to your theater?"
"That I can do," said the clerk with a big grin. "And my shift ends soon, so I may check out the show."
"Make sure you bring the thing that squirts," said Susan as she stuck the big dildo back into her mouth. She turned to look at the men who had gathered around and said, "You'll have to buy tickets if you want to see anything more." She walked purposefully towards the theater entrance while I finished paying for her new toys.
I took the Dreamboat Vibrator and asked, "Batteries are included, aren't they?"
"Yeah, but they are cheap ones. You should get some good ones if you don't want it to stop soon."
"OK, stock me up," I said and handed him cash for a pair of batteries. I turned and headed for the theater as the other customers queued up for tickets. I stepped through the entrance to the theater and was immediately blind as my eyes started to adjust. On the TV screen, a woman had a cock in her cunt and one down her throat and she was surrounded by lots of guys all pounding their pork. I had to wait for a couple minutes until I could spot Susan sitting on a couch down in front. I walked down to her couch and sat down and started to watch the movie.
Susan pulled the dildo out of her cunt and looked at me and said, "Have you had lunch yet?"
I was confused for a moment until she smiled and pointed to her pussy. Her legs were spread apart and the light from the TV screen made her pussy clearly visible. I got out of my seat and knelt on the floor in front of her and started the practice of worshiping at the altar of her sex. I tasted her gently and savored the aroma of her pussy. I started to lick her slowly and she responded by pushing her pussy towards me. As I continued to lick her, I could see a man sit down on the couch next to her. The couch was large enough for four people, and he was seated on the end of the couch, but his intentions were clear. His attention switched between the movie on the screen and the show in front of him. I saw several other men move to the couch behind ours and the couch next to ours filled up too.
Susan looked at the man next to her and smiled as she pulled my head towards her pussy. She pulled her blouse over her head and set it on the couch next to her and started to squeeze her breasts and tweak her nipples. The fellow on the couch leaned towards Susan and reached for one of her tits. Susan took his hand in hers and guided it to her left breast. He slid closer to her and she let her left hand drop onto his right leg and she started stroking the inside of his thigh. I kept licking her and watching as her strokes moved up his leg towards his cock.
"Take it out," she told him. "I want to see it." He let go of her breast, unzipped his pants and pulled out a normal size but fully erect cock. "Start jacking yourself off," she instructed him. She watched as he started to slowly pound his meat.
With her right hand, she pulled my head towards her pussy and pushed her hips towards my mouth. "That feels so good, honey. Do you like eating me with other men watching?"
"Ummgh," I mumbled with my mouth locked tightly on her pussy.
"This fellow next to me is going to jack off on my tits," she said. "Does that turn you on?"
I pulled my mouth off her pussy and said, "You turn me on, honey. If you want him to cum on you, that's great by me, as long as it's what turns you on." And I returned to my box lunch where I could watch the show and let her decide how the show would unfold. I could see that the men in the couch behind ours were now standing behind Susan with their cocks out. One tapped Susan on the shoulder and offered his cock to her. She turned to see his cock and took it in her left hand and stared stroking it. The fellow to his right reached over Susan's shoulder and started stroking her right breast. His cock was out and hard and very large. As he stroked her breast, his cock started bumping the back of her neck. Susan turned around to see what was hitting her and found her mouth just inches from his cock. He pushed his hips forward so his cock would approach her mouth and Susan had to let go of the cock she was stroking to take this new cock into her mouth. She sucked him for about 30 seconds and then let go of him and said, "Put your leg over the couch so I don't have to turn my neck so far."
He put his right leg on the couch so that his cock was now much more accessible and offered it to Susan again. This time she gave it her full attention. She took his balls in one hand and his cock in her other hand and started to suck him in earnest. He only lasted for a minute or so before he grunted and jammed his cock down Susan's throat. Susan held him by the balls and squeezed him hard until she had drained every drop of his cum. As soon as she let him go, another cock appeared to take its place.
As she started sucking it, the fellow seated to her left announced that he was about to cum. Susan turned to face him and said, "Dump your load on my titties, honey." He stood up and spurted all over her chest. He shook his cock and was about to sit down, but another man stepped up to Susan and announced that he too was about to cum. He pounded his meat until he exploded and sent a shower of cum onto Susan's face and chest. Three more men followed in quick progression and I could see two more standing behind her and pounding away. They dumped their loads into her hair and the fellow she had started to suck dumped his load on the right side of her face.
I could feel her starting to reach a massive orgasm as two more men stepped in front of her and knelt on the couch so they could be as close as possible when they came. Susan reached one man and sucked him hard and fast and pulled her mouth off his cock just as he came. She aimed his load straight at her face and exploded with a giant squirt on my face. My T-Shirt was drenched by her cum and I felt her shudder with several aftershocks. One more man dumped his load on her chest, but I don't think she even noticed. She looked at me and said, "Holy shit, honey. That was intense. And you didn't even get a chance to cum."
"Don't worry about me. You can suck me off on the drive home. I'm just happy that you had a good time." I pulled myself away from her legs and started to stand up. "That's all, folks. If you haven't shot your load by now, you're on your own," I said to the few men still standing around us. I was hoping I didn't have any trouble with any of them and I guess I got lucky because they all started to drift away.
One man stood a few feet away and said, "She's your wife? I have never seen such an amazing slut. I have wished my wife could let out herself be a bit more uninhibited, but I guess that's not in the cards."
Susan stood up and let her skirt drop around her, but her top was still on the couch. She was drenched with cum. It was in her hair, all over her face and chest. She started wiping the cum off her face and licking it off her hands as she looked at him and said, "I suppressed it for years too. It wasn't until my hubby here went to a gangbang party that I realized how much I had suppressed my own sexual fantasies. And that just happened a few days ago. I am just now starting to experience the sexual freedom I have suppressed all my life."
The fellow looked at Susan for a moment and then at me and asked, "Was that gangbang party real recent?"
"Yes, it was. Why?"
"Was it at the Johnson Lodge with Judi?"
"Right again. Why... again?"
"I wanted to be there, but I couldn't get away from my wife. Sounds like it had some secondary effects on you guys."
"You could say that," Susan said as she finished wiping the cum off her chest. Her hair still had lots of cum in it, but she ignored it as she pulled her blouse on and said, "Well, gotta go. Good luck with your wife. If you want some advice..." Susan said, unwilling to give him advice without his asking for it.
"Yes, I would love some advice, especially from you," he said.
"Well, I bet that she needs to feel very safe before she will let you know about her buried desires. If he has a strong religious background, that will make it harder."
"She's a recovering Catholic," the fellow said.
"Well, at least she is recovering. That means she has taken a look at some of her beliefs and decided to shake off her early conditioning. So just be honest with her. Ask her what turns her on. Listen to her and don't try to lead her. Let her tell you what she wants and whatever she says, make sure that you tell her that you love her. If she has some buried desires, she won't be willing to tell you about them if she thinks you will judge her or criticize her."
"That sounds like pretty good advice," said the fellow.
"Good luck. I want to go give my husband his reward for letting me act out my fantasies. And I want to take a shower."
As we walked out of the theater into the Porn Store, several men started applauding. Susan smiled at the men and gave them a quick flash of her pussy as we left the store, our new toys in hand. As we walked out of the store towards our car, Susan grabbed my arm and gave me a big squeeze and said, "I love you so much and I am so happy that you went to Judi's gangbang. I want to meet her sometime."
We got into our car and Susan curled up on the seat and put her head in my lap. She pulled my cock out of my shorts and started sucking me off as we headed towards home and a nice warm shower.
To be continued...