I look back on the past three months with wonderment. Here I sit on a private jet given to me by Jon Stone, headed to a honeymoon. To many people especially in the financial world, Jon is one of the youngest world's billionaires. His family came from old money, but thanks to Jon's business savvy, the family is richer.
Jon and I were 'friends' socializing on occasions. He remarked several times that we'd have beautiful children. Not one of the best pick-up lines, I ignored him. He was not bad on the eyes. We had the same trainer by coincidence. He really worked out and had a breathtaking body. Jon offered to give me a ride on his yacht. He said his family owned one of the smaller islands, and he was taking a group of friends on holiday. I've been on his yacht for small charity dinners. Very nice "little boat" accommodates 14 guests in 7 cabins, captain's cabin plus 7 twin-berth crew cabins, not exactly slumming.
The chauffeured Benz arrived on time. I thought that was so sweet of Jon. Hampton season had started and I was enjoying the time at my family's house. It was a short drive to Lake Montauk, a small bay on the north side of town and the yacht.
Upon arriving I was straightaway escorted to my cabin. The cabin was more than I expected - more like the owner's cabin. The engines started and I thought I must have been the last to arrive. A knock on the door startled me. One of the crew informed me cocktails would be served in 30 minutes on the upper deck, and someone would come to escort me. Also Mr. Stone selected an outfit for me to wear hanging in the closet. Ok now I wasn't feeling so good about this trip. I checked the closet and there was a completely sheer, risqué black lace gown with a note that said no underwear, makeup and wear hair down. I was completely taken aback.
"How many other guests are on board?" I asked the crew member.
"You're the only guest madam. Mr. Stone will personally escort you. Will there be anything else?" I just shook my head.
Exactly 30 minutes later, I stood in a see thru lace dress sipping a cocktail.
"You did the French waxing leaving me a landing strip, very nice. Did you remove the hair near the anal area and labia? No don't tell me. I'll find out for myself tonight. Well I should apologize for tricking you. I didn't think you'd come if you knew we'd be alone - that is except for the crew."
After a few drinks Jon couldn't keep his hands off me, and I liked it. I didn't try to stop him. I'm not sure why. Jon grabbed a breast in each hand and began kneading them. He kissed me hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth. I heard a rip. Jon made a hole so he could finger me. I groaned and moaned. I felt his penis push against me. I massaged the bulge through his pants. He grew bigger and bigger until I thought he'd rip them. I wanted to fuck as I felt the juices on my thighs.
"Come with me," Jon said taking my hand.
I believed we were headed to the cabin. Instead Jon took me on deck, over to the rail. Lifting the dress over my ass, he entered me standing doggy style. As he hammered my tight vagina with his 11 inch monster, he played with my virgin ass hole, pushing his finger in and out. I moaned and yelled loud unmindful of crew and staff. The more I moaned the harder and faster Jon pumped me. Startled by a loud noise, we passed a cruise ship. Jon pumped harder and faster as we put on a show for the passengers. An orgasm overtook me. I was oblivious to everything as he pushed two fingers into my ass. He stopped long enough to tear the lace from my breast. He grabbed my boobs as he exploded inside me. My mind cleared and I realized we fucked bareback and Jon was not pulling out. No condom and I wasn't on birth control.
The dress was destroyed. Jon started pumping me again. He went deeper now my vagina was lubricated with his juices. He stretched me until I took almost all 11 inches. I could feel him knocking on my cervix to let his baby making sperm in my womb. His hands were always touching, always working. Jon's large hand enclosed my vaginal lips, clit, rubbing them slowly at first, but then quickly starting to pick up the pace, until soon my body was rocking back and forth. He pushed into my tight vagina without mercy.
Jon sent his entire juices into my vagina, coating my cervix. Not pulling out, he made sure none of the essence was lose or wasted. He stayed inside me even as I moaned and cried. Then it happened, he got hard again. Slamming into me, and then stopping to let my spasms tighten my vaginal walls around his massive penis. He loved my ass, telling me how big it is, and spreading my cheeks - squeezing and massaging.
I'm married and on our honeymoon. The honeymoon Jon planned is like recreating the movie, "9 ½ Weeks." We met some friends. Jon arranged a private showing of Nude Taiko Drums Group, a group of naked Japanese women playing wadaiko. He saw a tape of the performance. Taiko performance consists of many components in technical rhythm - highlight rhythm - since by Act lll they are joined by naked men. In rhythm with the drums, the players have group sex on stage. Yes the ladies get fucked from behind while playing the drums.
The men in our group including Jon got really turned on. Some were masturbating. As the performance got more intense so did Jon. He started by fondling and kneading my breast. My breasts have grown a cup size since Jon started sucking. The breasts respond to the slightest touch, and a lot of stroking them, gently fondling them or even licking them. Once my nipples harden, Jon strokes them to pleasure. I heard moaning. Some of it was me, but some of it was coming from the other people in the room. Jon knew my body so well. Knowing I'd be easily aroused, with the tip of his tongue he licked my nipples in circular motions. He pulls his lips around my nipple and suck gently, then more firmly with vacuum pulling motions. He sucked until my breasts gave up some of its juices.
Jon worked on my breasts during the entire second act. He made me shriek with pleasure by teasing my nipples. Jon took an ice cube from his drink. He used the ice cube to gently graze over my nipples. He licked them with his tongue and then blew air on them with his mouth. While he was sucking on one nipple, he placed his hand on the other breast and kept massaging it. He sucked one dry, then move on to the other one. I was sucked till I had a loud orgasm. I didn't care who was around.
When we finished, I looked around the room to see who noticed me - no one. The women on the stage were sucking dick. Some of our friends were sucking dick, getting fingered or getting their nipples sucked. This was my first experience with group action. Jon just smiled at my naïveté. He kissed me on the head like a school girl. My nipples were still dripping. He just licked them dry.
Casually, Jon thanked the performers like it was a common performance. Our friends fixed their clothes like this was an everyday occurrence, and we went to dinner. I wanted to go get fucked. We sat for hours at the stupid dinner. I couldn't even drink or eat. By the time Jon was finally inside me, I wanted to drain him dry.
We had several dinners and events to attend even on our honeymoon. Through his business, Jon had a lot of friends, acquaintances and associates. They did not have the same rating and within each group there was rating. For example, the group from the orgy will only be seen at certain places.
We were invited to a dinner party of associates. He ordered me an emerald green high neck collar A line chiffon with stunning sequins beaded long sleeves floor length evening gown appropriate for this company. This was meant to protect me from unwanted attention. He knew these men better than I. Apparently, he had doubts about them even with their wives present.
As an added incentive for me to remain inconspicuous with my mouth shut, he ordered a remote control wireless butterfly strap-on vibrator. Jon controlled the vibrations from any place in the room while choosing different intensities of vibrations. This butterfly vibrator has a dildo to the body. It was meant to stimulate the most sensitive erogenous zones: clitoris, G-spot and vaginal walls.
Jon undid the Velcro straps from the package. He positioned the butterfly in my vagina and over my clit. The wings slightly hug my labia. He secures the straps on my hips under my growing belly and around my thighs. When all the straps are in place, Jon test the vibrator's pulses, they are least 10. I try to close my legs to no avail. As Jon increases the levels I finally fall to my knees moaning with waves of orgasms. My breasts are dripping, swollen with hard nipples. Without mercy, Jon pulls me to my feet and immediately assaults my nipples. I hang on to Jon for support as tears flow down my face. Finally, when I can no longer stand, Jon carries me to the bed where he continues I pant and squirm as Jon empties the breasts of juice. He manipulates the butterfly in and out always hitting the G-spot. I have wave after wave of orgasms - screaming and moaning. Satisfied, Jon tightens the straps and turns off the 'butterfly'. Kissing me tenderly, he lets me rest.
Jon explained my awkward stride on honeymoon sex. It was not easy walking with that thing between my legs. I moved little, either standing just behind Jon like dutiful wife or sitting still. I had no panties on. During dinner, Jon would put his hand between my legs and move the butterfly in and out. My eyes would water as I tried not to cry out.
"Good girl, I knew you'd be good at this," Jon whispered. I'll reward you later by letting you give me a blowjob."
One of the stupid men remarks, "You've married well Jon. Your wife is well behaved and knows her place. You have her well controlled." All the other idiots agreed.
My lips tightened as I was about to put him in his place. In an instant I was gripping the table. Jon sensing my next move turned up the pulse on the vibrator. I could hardly sit still.
Jon warned we would be doing business with some of these people in the future. I was to be his secret weapon, handling the law aspect. For now I had to be the 'Good Wife.' I was so sensitive in my nether region I didn't know if I could walk.
After cigars and brandy for the men in another room, it was finally time to leave. I was forced to listen to the wives go on about their husbands perverted sex lives. There were a few other interesting tidbits.
Once outside, Jon carried me to our waiting car. He kissed me softly at first, then thrusting his tongue further and further into my mouth.
Jon told the chauffeur to drive until he told him to go to the hotel. He raised the privacy glass separating us from the driver.
Jon never talked dirty to me. He never used words like pussy, cunt, cock... It got my attention when he told me to take his cock in my mouth. I leaned forward slowly, little by little opening my mouth. I tasted his cock-head grazed her tongue. I closed my lips on the shaft as he turned up the "butterfly". Jon instructed me to work his cock with my hands while running my tongue and mouth along it. I gently rolled his golf-ball size testicles in my hand while drawing on his shaft.
Jon grabbed my head with both hands. I began to bob back and forth, taking his cock in a little deeper each time. I tried to show him I loved every moment. Soon I felt the head of his cock moving toward the back of my throat each time I went down on him, and my lips were hardly halfway down his shaft. I got into a rhythm until I heard Jon grunt and profess his love. I increased the tempo when Jon turned the butterfly up again. We both wailed as Jon fucked my mouth harder. I knew he was climaxing when he grabbed my breast. We came together when he slammed the butterfly into me. I swallowed all the cum he gave me.
When we final got to hotel, the chauffeur pulled the car around to the private entrance. We entered the hotel heading for the penthouse elevator. Jon guided me so I facing front but I was against the back elevator wall. He pulled up the back of my dress and started undoing the straps on the butterfly.
"Jon isn't there security cameras on here," I protected pulling on my dress.
Matter of fact Jon says yes. "I turned your ass away, but if you want it on camera, I'll turn you around."
I said no, and let Jon finish what he started. With the butterfly off, I felt more comfortable. Jon was grinding against me, reaching around kneading my ass and fingering the hole. I prayed to get to our floor before I got fucked on security cam.
Safely back in the penthouse, Jon unzipped my dress. Stepping out of it, I was completely naked once again. Jon couldn't keep his hands off of me. We ended up in the dining room of the suite. Jon thought it'd be great to fuck me on the massive antique table. Standing between my legs, Jon dropped his pants. He pushed into to me only stopping at my cervix careful not to push too hard. I was wet, but not enough for Jon's huge dick. The table was hard and unyielding. My poor labia were hypersensitive from the 'butterfly'. Jon was showing off his brute strength and his lust at the same time. He told me how he was going to make me whimper, moan, scream and beg for more.
We were both ready for a passionate tumble in the hay because both of us were extremely aroused. He was cupping and kneading my breasts. Next minute he was massaging my clit. He pulled his erection out of me. Kicking off his pants, and fully undressing, he stood with his dick pulsating. Pulling me off the table, Jon headed for the hotel balcony. It was warm but the breeze against my breasts made my nipples so hard. As I supported myself on the railing, I bent over and spread my legs. Jon entered me in a flash. I looked up at the city skyline, wondering if someone was looking at us through a telescope. There were no buildings to block our view. I grunted and moaned as I fantasized. Jon was running his fingernails against the soft skin of my back will sending a sexy rush. I was on sexual high - sexual adrenalin! Jon reached around and cupped my breast again, kneading and massaging. Panting, Jon grabbed my hair as he pumped in and out of me. He rotated making circles around my clit and kneading my breasts. It seemed he grew harder and thicker with every stroke. He pumped in and out, bring me to the edge. He grabbed both breasts and slammed into me until we came together.
Jon stayed inside me like he was trapped. My vaginal was in spasms and would not let go of his cock. Jon whispered that I told him I loved him about a hundred times with such passion. When he pulled out, my legs buckled. Jon gathered me up in his arms and carried me exhausted to bed.