As you make the final turn and take the concrete ramp up to the top deck of the parking structure, you smile as your mind begins to wonder how the next hour will unfold. It's about 8pm and we were both able to slip away during quarantine for a bit without raising any suspicions. Your window is down and the night air is cool on your face as you scan the spacious top deck searching for my car. This should be easy since it's empty up here and unfortunately, extremely will lit. Finally, after almost completing a lap around the top, you spot my gray car. It's parked in the one spot that happens to have a light out and your pulse quickens as you park close to my passenger side.
After waiting a moment for me to either send you a txt message with instructions or exit my vehicle, you cautiously exit yours try the door handle to my backseat...locked. You then proceed to walk quickly around to the driver's window, but the dark limo tint is making it very difficult to see if that's where I'm sitting. You cup your hands to the glass and press your face against your hands, but the moment you realize that I'm not sitting in the driver's seat, you sense movement behind you.
Before you can turn around, I have you pinned against my car. Thankfully, it's immaculately clean so you're not worried about getting your skirt dirty. However, as I move your beautiful hair aside that's covering the right side of your face and begin to lick from the nape of your neck to behind your ear causing your body to shiver and nipples to become erect, you decide that you probably wouldn't care too much at this point even if my car was dirty. As I continue to lick, suck and kiss the right side of your neck, I grab your wrists with both of my hands and lift both arms up and place them on the top of my car and then use my left hand to hold both wrists together.
I still have you pressed against the car with my body and you can feel the bulge in my pants press against your sexy ass. Although my left hand is keeping your arms secure, my right is free to explore your hot body...I run my right hand starting at your right elbow up your arm to your shoulder and then down the side of your body to your waist. I then slide my hand under your shirt and up the side of your torso to your chest and I'm thankful that you didn't wear a bra as I squeeze your right tit in my hand causing you to moan.
I pause from devouring your neck and ask, "Do you like that baby?" Not needing a response, I continue in a whisper with my mouth right next to your ear, "This tit feels so good in my hand baby, but let's see what you've got going on under this sexy skirt, shall we?" You simply moan and nod your head in reply, but I also noticed an almost imperceptible smirk cross your face. I release your breast and my hand travels back down your body to the outside of your skirt which thankfully stops around your upper thigh so I'm able to keep your arms in place with my left hand. The tight fabric against your skin is turning me on so much. I flatten my right hand on your right thigh and slowly slide up until I reach your bare ass...mmmm, your standard thong I think to myself as my hand moves over your cheek to get under the fabric, but I realize why you smirked earlier when I get to the center and don't find any fabric. It's now my turn to smile as I again whisper, "Did you remove your panties just for me so I could get to your sweet little pussy and ass easier baby?"
"Mmmm Hmmmm" is the reply I get with a devilish smile.
I immediately spank your bare ass causing you to release a little yelp. "Well thank you baby, it's appreciated" I say as I now rub a circle over the skin that I just slapped. I then allow my hand to snake its way between your legs to what I really want. You instinctively widen your stance even more with my body still pressed against yours to allow my hand to more easily cup your hot sex. Your hot cunt feels so good in my palm and I savor the feeling without moving yet, much to your chagrin. I then finally start to move my palm in slow circles against your moistening folds...just a little pressure to go with the circle, no penetration yet. I then position myself a little more to your left, but leave both hands where they are because I need your lips on mine. We kiss while your arms are held in place with my left and your pussy is being cupped by my right. Our tongues explore each other's mouths...your soft lips suck and tease my tongue and lips as I do the same in return to yours. It's so hot and passionate and almost desperate in nature. I finally, and reluctantly, break away and speak...
"You know I'm gonna eat this hot pussy, right baby?" I whisper directly into your ear.
"Mmmm Hmmmm" you say again causing me to smile.
I then pull my right hand away from your pussy and bring my index finger to your mouth..."I know you're already wet for me baby, but why don't you suck this finger for me and get some spit on it anyway as it will soon be inside of you." I say.
You comply and hungrily suck my finger causing the bulge in my pants to throb in anticipation. When my finger has been thoroughly coated and I can take no more of your tongues tantalizing teasing, I pull it out and reach back under your skirt and sink it immediately into your hot pussy. "Mmmmm" we both moan in unison as I proceed to slide in and out and finger fuck you from behind while you're pinned against my car on the empty top deck of now my new favorite parking structure. You're wet enough now that I can add my middle finger and I can really feel your body push back against my hand which goads me to increase the intensity and see if I can get you to cum from only my finger stimulation...well, that and a little dirty talk...
"You like my fingers fucking your little pink pussy baby?" I say into your ear. "You know my hard cock is gonna be in there soon, right?" I continue and you simply moan in reply. "That's good baby, I wanna feel your little cunt cum all over my fingers and then I'm gonna lick them clean...can you do that for me?" I inquire. I can tell that you're getting close and realize that while my index and middle fingers are ramming into you, my poor thumb isn't doing anything and happens to be in the optimal position to tease your cute little asshole. I thrust my fingers again and this time keep them buried inside of you while my thumb finds your little rosebud between your ass cheeks and I begin to massage just the outside. You gasp at the new sensation. "Oh baby, what a nice little asshole you've got here...I think I'm gonna have some fun with her too, if that's ok?" I rhetorically ask.
"Mmmm Hmmmm" you reply while shaking your head up and down.
I simply smile as I go back to finger fucking you while playing with you little asshole, but no penetration. This doesn't go on much longer before I hear your breath catch in your throat and your body gyrates between me and the car and I can feel your pussy convulse on my fingers as you cum all over them. It's so fucking hot and nothing turns me on more than a making you cum. I finally release your wrists from my left hand and extract my coated fingers from your sopping pussy and wait until you can see me enjoy them only to have you pull them out of my mouth and also suck on my index finger causing a low guttural moan to escape my mouth.
"I taste good, don't I?" you sheepishly ask me while looking so sexy licking the finger that just made you cum.
"Why yes, yes you do" I answer. "And I think I want just a little more!" I continue.
I turn you around so you're facing me and proceed to slowly unbutton your black cotton top and remove it by pulling the back off of your shoulders and toss it on the top of my car. You look so sexy and I love seeing your erect nipples. I bend down and suck each nipple into my mouth...mmmm...what is it about your soft skin that is so intoxicating? Your breasts are amazing and feel wonderful in my warm wet mouth...I pause to gently bite your erect nipples as your fingers glide through my hair and pull me into you. I haven't had my fill of your tits, but after licking my fingers earlier and tasting you, I need to eat your pussy directly...I need my tongue inside of you. I help you sit up on my hood and lay back. I decide to leave your tennis shoes on so you'll have some friction to keep them on the edge of the hood. I feel like I'm at an x-rated car commercial seeing you laying there...skirt bunched up around your waist and nothing else on besides your shoes and cute knee-high socks.
I don't waste any more time drinking in the site of you and bend down to bury my face in your sweet pussy. Your gasps and moans are intoxicating as I lick up the goodness between your legs. I want all of it all at once, but settle for alternating between long slow licks from your opening to your clit and always pause there to suck her into my mouth and flick her lightly with my tongue...sometimes up and down, sometimes side to side...then it starts over. Of course, I occasionally poke my pink pleasure provider up inside of you too, just to be thorough. It's hard to explain how good giving you pleasure makes me feel...I can only think of a lyric from one of my favorite songs when she sings, "I get off on you, getting off on me" is what I hear in my head over and over again as I lick every bit of you.
With that in mind I decide to surprise you and work my tongue lower and lower until I reach you're cute little asshole and start licking and probing her as you gasp in delight. It's fun enjoying such a taboo area and I can tell that you're really enjoying the sensation. I lick my left thumb and begin to work him lightly over your clit up and down as my tongue continues to lick your little pucker and I occasionally insert him which always elicits a moan.
I could probably eat your pussy and asshole all night, but time is running short and my poor cock is furiously trying to tear through the fabric keeping him trapped from getting inside of you. One last lick before I stand and quickly undo my belt and release the button on my trousers and pull them down along with my black boxer briefs...ok, one more lick, while I'm there...and then I rise up and immediate plunge my steel soldier into your ready and waiting pussy.
"Mmmmmm..." with both moan together, eyes clenched shut, and savor the feeling as I leave him deep inside of you. Here you are, laying on the hood of my car in a parking structure with me standing between your bent legs and my cock buried deep inside of you. Although it's dimly lit where we're parked, the rest of the top deck is extremely bright and it would not take long for us to be discovered should another car venture near. The thrill of being caught excites us both, but our time together is drawing short and I desperately need my release. I begin long, slow strokes in and out of your warm, wet pussy while holding your ankles in place with my hands. Your ass is right at the edge of the hood so I'm able to stand and fully penetrate you with every stroke. I occasionally pause with just my sensitive tip inside of you before plunging the rest of him deep inside of you.
Your right hand reaches up and I know just what you want...I lick your index and middle finger until they are wet and watch with a smile as they make their way to your delicious clit. You begin to rub her desperately as I continue to fuck your hot hole. I can tell you're getting close as you increase the rhythm on your clit. You're so hot and so tight that I can barely stand the physical stimulation, let alone the visual stimulation watching you rub your little clit while laying on the hood of my car. A few strokes is all I get through before you yell...
"I'm cumming again!!" you shout as your body convulses on my car. You're practically vibrating and I can take no more...one final stroke and I extract my cock and immediately fire a salvo of hot, white cum directly on your pussy lips. You can feel the hot, thick liquid hitting your beautiful body which seems to only intensify the orgasm that's crashing over you. My left hand reaches for the hood of the car to the outside of your right leg for support as my final strokes empty my satisfied cock. We're both breathing heavily and I'm finally able to open my eyes. You look absolutely glorious and spent laying there and the mess I've made looks so fucking hot on your skin.
Thankfully, I'm always prepared and reach for the baby wipes in my pocket before saying, "Great parking spot baby!"