Salima woke up, and stretched looking at Karima's naked body lying next to her. She smiled to herself as she saw her older sisters hands cupping her breast and her legs entangled with her own. She slowly untangled her legs from her sister's and sat up, covering her sister with a blanket and tip toed to her room.
Salima turned on the shower and closed her eyes enjoying the warm water running down her body. She rubbed her breasts and squeezed her nipples as she thought about the last 24 hours.
Salima heard her cell phone just as she was drying herself after her shower. She picked up her phone.
"Hey sexy" Brian said.
Salima heard Brian's voice and felt her body tingle with excitement. "Hey you" she replied softly.
"8 o'clock tonight outside your apartment. I'll be waiting. Don't think I can hold back on that date any longer" Brian laughed.
"Oh you mean that date we were talking about where you're going to fuck me before the night is over" Salima cooed.
Brian could hear the excitement in Salima's voice and he felt his own cock slowly getting hard as he visualized what was in store for him that night "Damn straight babe you're getting the whole deal, a real date, as in flowers, candy, dinner and then I'm gonna fuck the hell out of that sweet pussy of yours."
Salima let her towel fall to the floor and rubbed her pussy slowly tracing the outline of her pussy lips with her fingers "Mmm Brian I wish you were here already, although I'm sure Karima would feel the same way too" she murmured.
"Forget about Karima, tonight's just about you and me" Brian replied, without an ounce of guilt at the thought of fucking his lover's little sister.
"After you left last night, I fucked her you know" Salima purred.
"You did what?" Brian was shocked at what he was hearing.
"Mmm hmmm, I ate her pussy, made her cum. And made her eat my ass, she really knows how to lick a girl's ass, Brian" Salima grinned as she could sense the shock and disbelief in Brian's voice.
Brian was stunned at the thought of Karima fucking her own sister, this was incest, something he had no idea Karima was capable off. As he took a moment to think about the sight of the two sisters fucking each other after he had left his mark on both of them, Brian's shock turned into excitement.
This could turn out to be damn exciting, he thought to himself.
"Fuck, you're a damn cock-tease" Brian laughed.
Salima laughed back as her fingers continued to stroke her pussy moist pussy lips "Did that turn you on? Maybe we could do a threesome, you, me and her, but only if I get to be on top" she teased.
"Dammit, do you want me to cum in my pants just now?" Brian replied.
Salima laughed, enjoying the moment. She brought her wet fingers to her lips and licked them slowly before deciding she had teased Brian enough, It was time to get ready for class and think about the night ahead. She promised to meet him at 8pm and hung up quickly.
Getting dressed, Salima walked out and saw Karima was still asleep, with her big ass sticking out. Smiling to herself as she remembered the night of passion she had just spent with her sister, Salima quietly let herself out and walked to school.
Karima woke up slowly, stretching her back and looking around. The house was quiet, and she could see the sun well and truly out, knowing right away she overslept. She didn't seem to care, as she stared at the ceiling and recalled the events of the night before. She had been fucked by Brian again, and then she ended the night by fucking her own baby sister. The sexual energy that had been jailed within her for so many years, was now out in full force.
She didn't feel guilty at all, she was relishing the new found freedom she had found, and she was reveling in it. As a slow smile spread to her face, Karima thought about the next round of sex she would be having with her sister, and could feel her pussy getting moist with the thought.
Karima closed her eyes, and imagined Salima's lips on hers, kissing her deeply, with her naked body on top of her, her lips lingering on Karima's soft skin, running her fingertips across her breasts.
Karima moaned softly and traced her hands down to her wet pussy, feeling the heat and moisture as she touched herself.
With a light touch, she brushed her fingertips over her clit, sending shock-waves through her body. Karima gasped as she raised her hips, and her fingers circled her wet and sticky clit.
Karima loved the warmth of her cunt and began circling her clit faster, teasing herself with her finger nails, rubbing up and down, and around and around. Her hips began thrusting up to meet her fingers, and she could feel sparks flying through her body. With a deep moan, Karima thrust her finger inside her pussy, and immediately felt her cunt on fire as her finger slid all the way in.
"Aaahh Salima baby!" she gasped as her finger pushed in and out in quick motions, she could feel her ass thrusting upwards to meet her finger in circling motions and quickly slipped another finger into her pussy.
"Oh yes!" she gasped as her second finger slipped inside, stretching her pussy wider almost as if she had Brian's cock back inside her.
"Oh baby!" Karima whimpered as she finger fucked herself on the living room floor. She felt her orgasm gathering in her loins, as her fingers increased their intrusion into her warm pussy. Her body shivered, her big juicy hips rolled, her head fell back, and her mouth opened wide as her body shuddered again and gain. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck yes baby!" Karima screamed as she came, her fingers still fucking her pussy, buried deep inside as her wetness dripped down to her thighs. Karima arched her back as another wave ran through her, and she felt her sweet release yet again, as her pussy thrust up towards her fingers buried inside her hole.
"Oh Jesus, fuck yes!" Karima groaned as her body relaxed, her ass back on the floor, and her fingers slowly sliding out of her pussy. As she lay on the floor with her pussy juice all over her thighs and her fingers, Karima smiled to herself, knowing she would soon not only be feeling Brian's cock pounding inside her pussy, but also be able to taste and fuck her baby sister again, the thought of Salima just made her shiver with horny delight, she could not wait!
Brian tried to get through the day as quickly as he could. Normally, a day like today would be just another pussy he would be banging at the end of the night, but there was something about this little cock-tease Salima that drove him wild. I'm going to fuck the shit out of that little whore, he told himself as he finally left work and headed home to get dressed for the date with Salima. He hadn't thought about Karima the whole day, which was a first, and just proved how horny he was to bang her little sister instead.
As he raced home, Brian thought about what Salima had told him over the phone and felt his cock harden at the thought of the two sisters fucking each other. He had known straight away that Salima was a cock hungry tease, but he had never imagined his girlfriend would end up sleeping with her own sister, that was a real surprise but a horny one at that, and something that excited Brian.
Evening came after an eternity for Brian, as he came to pick Salima up outside the apartment shared with her sister.
Karima had called Brian a few times during the day, and he had not bothered calling her back. Part of him felt guilty, however he had more important things on his mind that day. Karima could wait.
"Oh fuck" Brian murmured as he saw Salima appear. She was wearing a tight black dress, with a transparent net top, clearly showing the outline of her breasts hidden behind her red bra. Her hair was draped across her shoulders. The dress was hugging her waist, barely making it over her ass, and highlighting her sexy thin legs. As she walked across to him with a smile, Brian felt his cock harden as he saw her cleavage bursting out from her top. It was a typical fuck me look Salima had on, and Brian couldn't wait to give her what she deserved.
Salima opened the door to Brian's Camaro and quickly slid in "Hurry, let's move before Karima sees us" she giggled.
Brian looked at her and grinned "Wow you look fucking incredible baby girl. How about we skip the rest of the stuff and just go to my place instead?" he asked.
"Not a chance mister!" Salima laughed back and kissed Brian's cheek. "Let's go, Karima is on her way home any moment."
Brian started the car, and took of. He didn't want Karima to know he was taking her little sister out on a date either. After a long time, Brian could see the potential of two hot girls who were tripping over each other to get a taste of his cock, and he was hell bent on making that last as long as possible.
"So, how did you say I looked?" Salima asked with a twinkle in her eye, as they were safely clear of her house.
"Hot baby, very very hot. Here, this is how hot you look" Brian replied back, guiding her hand to the bulge in his pants,
"Oh my!" Salima laughed as she felt his hard cock bulging against his pants.
"Down boy, not yet" Salima giggled as she gave my cock a squeeze and removed her hand.
Salima felt her neck tingle with excitement as she licked her lips in anticipation of what was to come. She never thought she would lose her cherry to some guy she didn't even know well enough, let alone her sister's boyfriend. The thought of Brian being the same guy who popped her older sister's cherry seemed to turn her on even more.
"What was that?" Brian asked.
Salima snapped out of her daze as Brian gave her a quick glance, and realized she had spaced out for a short while while going over her thoughts. Time to play with him a little, she decided.
Salima reached down and ran her fingers over her thighs, her skirt was short and barely covered her hips, so her thighs were clearly visible and she spread her legs just a touch, while gradually moving her fingers from the top to her knees.
Salima felt a wave of excitement run across her body as she relaxed in her seat and played with her fingers,while cocking her head to one side and looking at Brian.
"Want me to give you a hand?" Brian grinned as he looked her over while trying to concentrate on the road.
Without a word, Salima removed Brian's hand from the wheel and placed it on her thighs. She let out a small gasp as his fingers touched her skin, drawing circles on her thighs and softly squeezing her skin.
"Mmmmmm that feels so good" she sighed. Brian could feel his cock bursting out of his pants, and was thankful they had finally arrived at the club he had picked out.
It was a private members only club that he had managed to book himself in for the evening. Club Rotica was the name, a private club that boasted a main floor dance floor, a first floor viewing area, a second floor private dining area and a third floor private area with secure rooms for members to engage in their sexual fantasies.
At one point he had thought about bringing Karima here, but looks like her little sister beat her to it, he grinned as he pulled into the club and parked the Camaro.
Salima reacted with surprise as Brian undid her seat belt, reached across and mounted her lips with his own, pushing his tongue into her mouth. He was so turned on, she thought to her self as she met his tongue with her own, hungrily exploring his mouth and moving her head from side to side.
Seconds went by as the two hungrily kissed, before Brian reluctantly pulled himself back and stared at Salima, eying her with desire.
"Fuck, let's get out of here before I jump you for good" he laughed.
Salima took a minute to compose herself, she was breathing heavily and was disappointed when Brian moved his lips away from hers, she had been enjoying the kissing so much, she had forgotten about everything else for those key seconds. Now she finally smiled back at Brian, straightened her dress and got out of the car, looking around at the signs for the club, a place she had never heard of before.
Brian walked over to her and held her hand in his, as they walked inside.
"So, dinner first, dancing second, and fucking third, or should we switch everything over?" Brian asked with a grin.
Salima laughed and playfully punched him on the shoulder, she was excited yet nervous at the same time. She held onto Brian's hand strongly and was thrilled when he put his arm around her shoulder as they walked through the doors and surveyed the club in front of them.
The dance floor was huge, with incredibly precise lighting and full of couples who were either swaying to the music, or were getting intimate on the dance floor. There was a unique smell in the club, the kind you get when you walk into a club where there is a lot of sweat and lust in the air. Salima's eyes centered around a young couple, about her age, who were engaged in heavy kissing, with the girl thrusting her pussy in motion against her partner's cock, which was clearly visible as he has undone his zipper.
Salima sucked in her breath and looked at Brian with a knowing smile, she took him by the arm and pulled him closer to her. Leaning near his ear, she said "I want to dance with you, NOW!".
Brian smiled back at her and led her to the dance floor, he pulled her close to him and placed his hands around her waist, as they grooved to the music.
Salima pushed her body against Brian's and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him down and kissing him with passion, her tongue playing with his, as she felt his cock getting harder as it rubbed against her dress.
Salima pulled her lips away from Brian for a second and whispered in his ear "I'm not wearing any panties."
Brian was stunned as she whispered into his ears and began to nibble on his ear. Oh God, she was a real tease he thought as he felt his cock hardening and begging for release.
He pulled her against him even harder and stared into her eyes, as he tried to see for himself if she was telling the truth. Brian slid his hands down her back across her dress which was barely covering her hips and slid his hands underneath the dress.
Brian's hands rested on her bare ass, sure enough she was not wearing anything underneath. Salima her eyes locked on Brian's and let out a slow smile as he confirmed what she had said.
"God dammit, you are driving me crazy Salima!" he groaned as his hands began to squeeze her ass.
Salima continued to nibble his earlobe, kissing the side of his neck, while her pussy continued to push against his cock, and his hands rested on her bare ass.
She was enjoying every moment. She had gotten Karima's man, and she was making him dance to her tune.
She reached down with her hand and undid Brian's zipper, reaching inside and squeezing his cock. Brian let out a groan and roughly turned her head up to his, planting his lips on hers, while she continued to rub his cock, and Brian's hands stroked her bare ass underneath her dress.
The club was warm and full of lust as other couples were equally busy getting intimate with each other and there was no one to disturb them.
Salima could feel Brian's cock begin to get wet with the first few drops of precum and she moved his cock out of his boxers, exposing it for a moment then quickly covering it with her fingers as she stroked his cock-head with her nails, while hungrily sucking on his tongue.
Brian could feel his cock finally get what it wanted, fresh air. He began to thrust his cock in motion against Salima's fingers as she stroked it. He slowly moved his hands from her ass to her pussy, and found it to be equally wet.
Without warning, he thrust his finger inside Salima's wet pussy. Salima gasped in surprise and let out a groan of pleasure as he rhythmically started finger fucking her on the dance floor.
Her pussy began to respond, as she felt a warmth inside her and her juices began to flow, her pussy began to wrap itself around Brian's fingers each time they entered her.
Salima began to moan loudly, and pushed her head back as Brian began kissing her on her neck while his fingers were inside her pussy. Salima yanked her dress up ever so slightly wanting to give Brian easier access to her pussy, not caring who if anyone at all, was watching as she felt her body moving to Brian's fingers and not the music blaring across the speakers in the club.
Brian continued to finger fuck his girlfriend's little sister on the dance floor, and was getting to the point where he could feel his cock would not be able to hold back for much longer.
He reluctantly removed his fingers from her pussy and saw the look of disappointment that came across Salima's face as he did so, but he had no choice. He undid his pants and dropped them to the floor. Salima looked at him with a surprised look as she began to comprehend what he was doing.
Brian slid his boxers down to his thighs, and looked around the club, as the couples around them were busy making out, and saw a few of them glancing at him as his cock stood upright on the dance floor. He turned back around to look at Salima and found she had already sunk to her knees, staring up at him with a smile. He looked down at her with lust filled eyes, as she took his cock in her hands and began to rub it slowly back and forth, then with a quick look around her, she took him into her warm mouth.
Brian groaned loudly, as he felt his cock enter Salima's mouth, she had taken him in deep, and began to suck him from side to side. He looked around again and this time people were not so oblivious, a few of the couples who were close to them in proximity, had stopped what they were doing and were looking at Salima sucking his cock on the dance floor. She was a sight to see, her black dress had already been yanked up while Brian had been finger fucking her, and her bare ass was clearly visible as she was on her knees leaning ahead to suck her lover's cock.
Brian didn't care if he got into trouble with the club or not, as a private member he had a lot of leeway, and he had never seen anyone getting their cock sucked on the floor but he was beyond the point of caring at this point, all he was interested in was enjoying Salima sucking him off, and she was doing a damn good job.
Salima, while initially surprised at what Brian had wanted to do, had quickly understood her lover's intentions and was enjoying having the eyes of the club on her as she made the most of her lover's big cock inside her mouth.
She had been sucking him from side to side, and now teased his cock with the tips of her teeth, lightly bouncing his cock-head across her teeth, then wrapping it between her lips and squeezing it in between, then taking it deep to the back of her throat and back out again.
Brian could feel his cock about to explode, he groaned loudly "Oh fuck baby! I'm going to cum baby! I'm gonna cum you little slut!" he moaned as he pulled his head back, and felt Salima squeezing his balls while she sucked on his cock.
"That's it..ahhh baby you know how to suck a cock don't you?" he moaned as Salima's fingers were playing with his balls and rubbing the inside of his thighs.
Brian groaned again as he felt his cum begin to shoot...he let out a huge gasp as he looked down and Salima had kept his cock inside her mouth, she was swallowing his cum drop for drop!
Brian felt another wave go through him as his cock began to seep out another load of cum, more powerful than the first.
He kept looking down as Salima refused to let go of his cock, he could see a few drops of cum begin to drip down her chin as he had shot so much of his load inside her mouth. She had swallowed it all, and she kept sucking his cock inside her mouth, as she licked it clean, drop by drop.
Brian was breathing heavily as he gazed into Salima's eyes, the horny little she devil stared back at him, and finally released his cock, bone dry.
She knelt back and collected the few drops of cum across her chin with her fingers, then licked her fingers clean. She looked at Brian and smiled.
"Now that's how you suck a cock girl!" one of the guy's nearby shouted and people began to clap and whistle. Salima looked around and laughed at the crowd that had been watching them and were now giving them an ovation. Brian reached down and pulled up his pants, then grabbed Salima's hand and helped her up. He kissed her passionately, and said "you're fucking amazing, god dammit, I cant wait to fuck you baby, that was unbelievable!"
Salima smiled at him and straightened her dress, covering her bare ass again. She was finding it hard to believe she had actually sucked him off in a public club with people watching but something had just came over her, and she was desperate for his cum.
She had swallowed it all and loved tasting every drop, she was overcome with horny delight and couldn't wait to feel Brian's cock pounding against her pussy wall. She didn't have long to wait from the way things were going.
"Think we could get a table and a drink?" Salima asked, her face flushed. "Sure baby, let's go" Brian replied and led her away from the floor onto the bar.
As they ordered their drinks and settled down, Brian reached for his phone and saw a bunch of missed calls and text messages from Karima. He felt a little guilty as he did not even bother opening any of them up, and instead slid his phone back into it's pouch.
"Has she been calling you?" Salima asked. Brian was taken back, as he looked at Salima's inquiring eyes. "Who's she?" Brian replied playing dumb. He got a disapproving look from Salima as she grabbed his phone out of its pouch. "No games, remember" she said as she opened his cellphone up and saw the missed calls and messages.
Salima grinned as she loudly read out a message from Karima which said "Brian baby, I miss your cock, my pussy is all wet and sticky thinking about you, I want you to fuck me again just like you did in the garage, make me feel dirty baby, fuck me there, fuck me hard."
"Oh wow sis, you really are a whore for his cock now aren't you!" Salima laughed.
Brian was surprised at the language his girlfriend had used but was also excited by it as well, he had loved fucking Karima in the parking lot and it seems she had loved it too, which meant she was pretty open to doing things the way he wanted, and let's face it, Brian had a thing for Karima and if she was willing to take their intimacy to all levels, he could definitely learn to live with that.
So he was surprised when he found himself reaching for the phone and snatched it away from Salima, as she seemed to enjoy sharing her sister's private thoughts with the world.
Salima was excited by the message her sister had sent, but she also felt a sense of anger. Brian is mine she thought, and there is no way I'm going to let Karima mess up my night with him she told herself.
Salima leaned forward and grabbed the phone back out of Brian's hands. "Forget about her, forget about her whore fantasies, tonight is all about you and me" she purred as she climbed into his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. Brian leaned back to the counter, and balanced her weight onto his lap, forgetting about Karima once again as he felt Salima's pussy rubbing against his cock.
"Let's go upstairs, we have a room waiting for us, and I think I'm hungry too, its time for me to eat" Brian grinned.
Salima grinned back, and stroked his cheeks with her fingers, feeling her pussy tingle with excitement.
"Mmmm, I think me and my pussy would like that very much. Let's go" she purred back. Brian kissed her and said "Give me a sec baby girl, let me grab the keys, wait for me at the staircase, Ill be back in a second" he said as he walked across to the club desk to pick up the keys.
Salima pulled out Brian's phone and with a sly grin, saw another one of Karima's messages that said "Its 11pm, no one is home, Salima is out with her friends, I'm home, in bed, naked, thinking about you. My pussy is so wet it needs your cock so bad. Come over please, I need you!"
Salima felt her own pussy tingle with excitement after reading her sister's messages. She tried to visualize her big sister lying naked on her bed, playing with herself as she dreamed about her boyfriend's cock slipping into her warm hole.
Its not your pussy he's going to be fucking big sis, but it's going to be mine, she thought as she quickly looked around, and then sent a quick message back to Karima from Brian's phone.
"Stay wet and naked sweetheart, I'm at Club Rotica, with Salima. Tonight I'm going to fuck her pussy, pop her cherry and make her cum all night long. Don't wait up for me, but stay naked. Love, Brian."
Breathing heavily, Salima hit SEND, then quickly erased the message from the Sent folder, powered off the phone and tossed it in her bag, reaching the staircase just as Brian joined her.
Salima looked at him and smiled as he kissed her, then held her by the hand."Let's go baby, my pussy is so wet it needs your cock so bad" she purred, repeating Karima's lines as her own. Brian held her hand harder and hurried up the stairs, his cock getting harder as he was finally going to nail his girlfriend's virgin sister's pussy, and he knew he would be enjoying every moment of what was about to come.