/// for context, Daphne is 29, Evelyn 18, and Charlotte 22
Four months later
Third person pov:
Since Evelyn's marriage ceremony in the Holy Month, the ground had hardened, the days had shortened and the air had grew cold as they approached First Yule. It was safe to say that she had been enjoying her role as Queen Consort at lot more than she first pondered whilst approaching the castle in her carriage.
She spent most of her days carrying out social obligations tied to her role as Queen Consort. Spent her free time doing what she loved most; reading, or servicing her wife's majestic cock and glorious pussy. There were a couple of aspects of Evelyn's life that took time getting used to. The morning after their wedding night, Daphne insisted that Evelyn take a pregnancy preventing pill, her reasoning being that they will spend the first year of their marriage getting to know and enjoy each other. Evelyn understood, though not happy as the sooner she fulfilled her duty to bare heirs, the sooner her position was secured. Her annoyance was soothed somewhat by the fact that every time Daphne came in Evelyn's pussy she demanded the young girl beg to be bred.
The other aspect that Evelyn took time to get used to was the public nature of their sex life. Not only was it gossiped about around court for the first few luna cycles, but often, the queen required Evelyn's service in a public setting. Evelyn was clearly uncomfortable the first time Queen Daphne requested her to her to suck her dick whilst in a meeting with nobles from the Northern Territories of the kingdom. Queen Daphne had assured her that she didn't have to do so, and that a serf would service her instead, but Evelyn quickly dismissed the idea and dropped to her knees.
However Evelyn was still learning to share, and wanted to keep Daphne's use of servants for pleasure to a minimum. In an ideal world Daphne would not require the servants' assistance at all, but the Queen need release at least five or six times a day, and Evelyn could not keep up with that. She also did not want to explore anal penetration as of yet, and every so often Daphne fancied sticking her cock into a tight ass. Her only insistence was that when Daphne sort out the use of a serf or a member of her court, it would not happen in the marital bed. The queen easily agreed to this, adding the caveat that if they decided to share a bedmate, it could take place in the comfort of their own bed.
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/
Evelyn found it extremely difficult to complete the task at hand when her wife was flittering around in just her shift, asserting her dominance and handing out orders. God, she was obsessed with the authority the Queen held. They were supposed to be deciding on outfits that should be packed for Queen Daphne's pending travels to the Kingdom of Sheschnay to the south, to attend the coronation of the new king. As the trip would take less than two weeks, it was decided that Evelyn would stay here, forming bonds with and ensuring loyalty from her new court without Daphne's presence. If anything to happen to Daphne, it was essential that the court threw their favour behind Evelyn as heir to the throne. Evelyn was not happy about the decision. She was not only going to miss the woman she had quickly formed a strong bond with, but also the cock that was attached to said woman.
"-ink your majesty? Ma'am? Consort Evelyn?"
"Evelyn!" The soft yet demanding tone of Queen Daphne's voice pulled Evelyn out of her day dreaming. The Queen was sending her a a stern look, as she stood in front of the large mirror that adorned on one of their bedchamber's walls. She held up a fine pearl necklace to her chest, as Charlotte and a (equally as beautiful as both Charlotte and Evelyn) male servant held a powered blue gown up to Queen Daphne's body.
"Kaspar was trying to get your attention."
"Oh forgive me, Daphne, Kaspar. I was lost in thought." Daphne merely hummed whilst turning back two frown at herself.
"No need ma'am, I was just asking whether you prefer the pearls with this dress, or the red one we tried betfore?" Kaspar asked, sending a smile Evelyn's way.
He was a serf that Evelyn often turned to when fancying male company or anal play. He looked like Evelyn oddly enough with the same dark blonde hair and sea blue eyes. Despite being thirty-one years, the male was fresh-faced, looking as if only a year or two older than Evelyn, not the thirteen years that he was. Everyone knew the boy was Daphne's favoured bedmate before Evelyn came along, so much so, that the court was surprised she took a wife rather than a husband. But of course that would mean Daphne would have to be the one to be bred. And that was never going to happen.
"This one. Gold will go better with the red." She stated from her seat on the bed. Fashion was something both women enjoyed, and they had gotten into a routine of consulting each other on designs ideas and outfit choices.
"I agree sweetheart." Daphne nodded, handing the necklace to Charlotte and stepping away from the mirror. "Okay, make that the last one. We will sort out the rest tomorrow. Kaspar you are dismissed to pack your own things for the journey."
"Yes, your highness. Good night." The serf greeted bowing at both of his queens before leaving the room. Daphne padded over to the bed her little princess lay on, and climbed on it, settling next to the girl. Evelyn wore only a silk robe to protect her innocence, and Daphne could not wait to get her out of it. As Charlotte continued to pack gowns, accessories and the like into trunks, Daphne slipped her hand down to Evelyn's thigh and dipped her face inches away from the younger's.
"You have been away with the fairies all day today my darling." The Queen murmured, placing kisses on Evelyn's neck, who inched to the side, giving her Queen more access. She place her hands on the older woman's waist, leaning into her embrace.
"Just thinking about how much I'm going to miss you." Evelyn admitted, lapping up all the attention Daphne was gifting her with. Especially with Charlotte in the room.
Daphne hummed in response, continuing her soft assault on the princess' neck, "I dislike having to part ways so soon as well. But these weeks apart provide important opportunities for the both of us."
"I know," Evelyn replied quietly, her pussy starting to tingle. Her eye caught Charlotte's movement and a thought that popped into her head elicited a snort that startled the both of them. Queen Daphne pulled away surprise clear on her face, and an eyebrow pulled up in expectation.
"Care to share?"  "Its just... I think you will find your trip easier to deal with. You are bringing along Kaspar with you."
They both knew what she meant by that, and the queen relaxed at her young wife's insinuation. Evelyn was not wrong, Queen Daphne was planning to utilise the services of the young man whenever necessary.
Secretly, she was a little excited at the prospect of a few weeks alone with Kaspar, and the opportunity to warm her cock with an arse for a change. Daphne loved her wife dearly, and none else had come close to providing her the pleasure that Evelyn did. But Daphne had needs and tastes that Evelyn was unable or unwilling to sate. The opportunity to fulfil those desires, without the slight burden of guilt and knowing eyes of her wife, was one too good to miss.
"Well," the Queen started, diving back down to kiss, lick and suck on the younger's neck, "you know that I am happy to let you seek service from others when I am unavailable."
Evelyn hummed, hesitant to take her mommy up on that offer. She was Queen Daphne's wife. She belonged to her and nobody else. She therefore shouldn't be seeking pleasure from anybody else.
"I actually bought you a gift that I think may solve your little.. conundrum."
"Oh?" Evelyn was not surprised at the news of a gift. Daphne had been extremely generous in the past four months, showing the girl in jewellery, books, sweet treats, even a horse.
"Charlotte bring over Evelyn's gift. The one the sculptor dropped off yesterday." Daphne ordered, pulling away from Evelyn and standing. She pulled off her shift, and climbed back onto the bed naked, waiting for her servant to scurry over with the box.
"Here, your majesty." Charlotte offered, the box the the Queen, before continuing her duties.
Evelyn bit her lip, trying to contain the excited smile that grace her lips. Daphne held out the delicately wrapped rectangle box for the girl to take, her own expression mirroring her wife's.
"Thank you, your majesty." Evelyn said sincerely, taking the max and placing it on her lap. She lifted the lid and there, surrounded by mint green tissue paper was a cock. A fake cock of course, it looked to be made of stone but the box was not heavy enough for that.
"Oh, my!" The younger woman gasped, causing her wife to chuckle. She picked it up and squinted, trying to see every detail. The phallic object was indeed made of smooth stone, but light, suggesting that it was hollow. It must have been roughly 10-inches, and thick, with the head cut and two large balls hanging from the base. There were two small rings either side of the base too, but Evelyn wasn't really sure why.
"Look familiar?"
Evelyn's eyes shot up to meet Daphne's in curiosity, who wiggled her eyebrows. Evelyn looked back down at the penis in her hand as it began to dawn on her. This was a replica of Queen Daphne's cock. As she stroked the stone shaft, every bump, every vein carved into it felt familiar.
"Its your cock mommy."
"It certainly is sweetie. I thought that you might get so horny that you would dare to pleasure your self with me gone, and god forbid you get a man to stuff you with his cock. So, now you have this, your favourite part of me to keep you company." Daphne grinned, placing her hands over Evelyn's, who rolled her eye despite the smile that still plastered itself on her face. She leaned up to press a hard, open-mouthed kiss onto the futa Queen, trying to convey her love and gratitude.
"You know that, your dick isn't my most favoured aspect of you. But all the same I appreciate the gift and will be sure to put it to good use." The princess promised, placing the stone cock back in its box.
"You are most welcome. You know that it can be harnessed as well?"
"What does that mean?"
"It means," Daphne started in a husky voice that made Evelyn shiver slightly. God, her Queen was so fucking sensual. The older Queen crawled over to the younger, caging her in-between her thick thighs.
"You can attach it to strips of rope, ribbon, leather," she continued, pulling loose the silk belt keeping Evelyn's robe in place, "tie it 'round the waist of a serf, and get them to fuck you as hard as they can so you can pretend that it's me."
Evelyn moaned quietly despite herself. She had no intention of doing that, but the manner in which the queen was speaking and groping her was undeniably pleasurable. Daphne massaged a small tit with one hand, holding herself up with the other, and swooped down, capturing her young wife in a searing kiss. Immediately she dominated the kiss, shoving her tongue into Evelyn's mouth, and exploring every inch of it, whilst the sat back pliantly, allowing the queen to do as she pleased. It was certainly an inappropriate display in-front of their chambermaid, but neither seemed to care. Evelyn only broke away when she could no longer breath, her chest heaving.
"Although useful, I doubt I will be utilising such a function."
"Oh, come on darling," Daphne all but whined, tucking a piece of hair behind the blue-eye girl's ear. She favoured them into a more comfortable position so the girl sat on her lap as she rested again the headboard of the marital bed. Daphne pulled her princess to lay against her, who immediately snuggled into the warm breasts offered, wrapping her arms around the Queen.
"You should be using this opportunity to through your weight around, establish your power! That includes using and abusing a serf for your own gratification."
"I-I know your majesty." Evelyn huffed in defeat, her eyes sliding over to Charlotte to see if the servant was watching. Charlotte was continuing on with her duties seemingly paying no mind. But everyone in that room knew that that was not the case.
"I just... I've had you, and you're so good! You knew exactly what to do to make me feel good."
Daphne hummed, urging the girl to continue as she stroked the back of her head, and rubbed her silk covered back softly.
"What if they don't do it right? O-or I can't tell them what I want?"
"Oh, baby girl. Trust me, these people have had a lot of experience okay? They know how to eat and fuck pussy perfectly well."  "And you provide me with very clear instructions of what you want when in sliding my cock into you." Daphne teased, feeling the girl huff lightly in response. "Often the words 'harder', 'deeper' and 'faster' are involved."
"Ugh, stop." Evelyn whined in embarrassment, cheeks red, a glare settled onto her face. Not that anyone could see it, buried into her wife's tits the way it was.
"And anyway, you could use someone you knew, and that I trusted. You have power Evelyn. You need to learn to utilise it in the bedroom also." Daphne advised gently. She loved her wife, and loved how confident she had grown in the previous months. She want it to keep growing, excitedly watching the woman her baby girl was becoming.
"Will... will you show me?" Evelyn asked quietly, moving up to look Daphne in the eye, "Please mommy?"
"Of course, my little princess." She assured, leaning down and pressing a sweet chaste kiss on Evelyn's lips. Daphne's eyes slid over to her serf, who was still packing a plan formulating in her mind. She was relieved that her princes had finally agreed, eager to see how this would play out.
"Come, Charlotte. We have decided to reward you for all your hard work these past few days."
"Yes, your highness." The girl was all too eager to halt her chores and join the queens in bed. The reaction made Evelyn roll her eyes, and she unconsciously tightened the grip one hand had on Daphne's waist. The young chambermaid stopped at the foot of the bed, awaiting for further instructions.
"Tonight is about Evelyn, and providing your queen consort with the pleasure she so deserves. You follow her every instruction. Do I make myself clear?" Daphne's enquired, her tone harsher then she ever used with Evelyn. The petty, slightly possessive princess couldn't help but smirk at that.
"Yes ma'am, of course."
"Good. Turn around, little princess." The queen instructed, assisting the girl in manoeuvring so she was still sat on the elders lap but facing the serf at the end of the bed, Daphne's pillowy tits, and semi-hard cock pressing against her back. The open robe meant her tits were exposed to the elements and her servant, her pussy not as visible with her legs tangled with Daphne's.
"That's it, good girl." Evelyn couldn't help but bask in every utterance of praise bestowed upon her by her queen. It was something that was rarely granted to servants she used. Though she was kinder when fucking a noble. Or his wife.
Daphne lent down, her mouth pressed against her young wife's ear as mouth woman stared down Charlotte, who was yet to falter under their heady gaze. The Queen couldn't help but move her hands down the hard nipples that were on display, tweaking and tugging at the softly as she spoke. She loved the girls perky little breasts, and was already dripping with the anticipation for the evenings sexual activities.
"Now. You must tell her exactly what you want from her. If she does something wrong, correct her, if she doesn't obey, warn her. If she fails to heed your warnings, you punish her."  "Mmm. Yes, mommy." Evelyn understood these rules, as they were similar to the ones Daphne had for herself, and had the fading bruises on her arse to prove it, from the spanking she received last week. Evelyn wanted to obey, she wanted to please, and if trying to be even a fraction as powerful as her mommy would make the queen happy she would try.
"You hold the power baby girl. Power over everyone in this Kingdom... expect me of course. So show me. Show your mommy what you can do. Tell Charlotte what you want." The dominant futa demanded, cupping Evelyn's smaller breasts fully and giving them a hearty squeeze. Daphne wanted to ensure Evelyn knew that although she was letting the girl take charge for the night, she was still the dominant one, and that would not be forgotten during their sexual exploits, that evening or beyond.
Evelyn cleared her throat and took a deep breath, ensuring her voice was firm and controlled, "Undress Charlotte."
"Yes, Queen Consort." Charlotte obeyed immediately, stripping down each layer of the rather basic outfit that came with being staff. Evelyn took this time to admire the girl, her head falling back onto the Queen's shoulder, as she hummed out her pleasure at the queens playful touches.
Evelyn took this time to admire the girl she was about to have sex with. Once out of its bun, long dark brown hair framed her slightly pointed face. She had dark brown eyes to match, and pink, full lips. She was very pretty, (though in Queen Daphne's opinion, not as pretty as Evelyn), and Evelyn was attracted to her that was for sure. As she became more and more naked, Evelyn's eyes travelled down her body taking in every inch. Charlotte was slightly taller than Evelyn, but slimmer despite having a fuller bust than the princess. The girl's pussy was not clean shaven like Daphne's or Evelyn's. Although mostly bald, the servant had a medium sized triangle of neatly trimmed her upon her mound. The sight of it was intriguing, but it meant that Evelyn had no intention of eating said pussy, or allowing Daphne to either.
"Next instruction baby." The command whispered into Evelyn's ear, who nodded sitting up slightly.
"The first thing you will do is stand there and watch as your queen eats my pussy so good, I cum all over her face."
Well queen Daphne was not expecting that, though she shouldn't be surprised, she was well aware of how possessive her princess was of her. Evelyn was establishing dominance, she knew that it was extremely rare for Daphne to show submission. A futanari Queen did not get on her knees for just anyone, especially not a servant, and definitely not in public. After all, she was the fucking Queen. But she had become addicted to the taste of her wife's cunt, and enjoyed lapping up Evelyn's juices almost every night... in private of course.
Daphne couldn't help but be impressed by the bold power move from her queen consort, this is what she wanted. And when the girl looked up at her for reassurance that what she had suggested was okay, the older woman nodded slightly, smiling down at Evelyn. The princess let out a breath and turned back to the servant who was waiting patiently, trying to neutralise the surprise and slight envy that was trying to take control of her face.
"You may not touch yourself and your eyes stay on use at all times."
"Understood ma'am." Assured Charlotte, her face slightly soured. This was going to be torture for her, and that was exactly what Evelyn had intended.
"Excellent."
Evelyn craned her neck to meet Daphne's lust filled eyes. "Please will you eat my pussy mommy?"
Daphne rewarded her girl with a rough yet quick kiss, "Since you asked so sweetly baby girl."
The Queen manoeuvred herself from behind the young princess to in-between her legs, wrapping her arms around the girl's thighs. As she did so, Evelyn shifted so she was resting within a number of pillows, like a true pillow princess. She settled comfortably, and Daphne began to press hot, open-mouthed kisses onto Evelyn's thighs, edging closer to the tight pussy that was already dripping wet and radiating heat.
Evelyn squirmed slightly, silently begging her dominant to get on with it and devour her, but Daphne merely pinched the top of her thigh in warning. Just as Queen Daphne reached Evelyn's opening, Evelyn made sure to hold Charlottes eyes.
The jealousy was clear in Charlotte's eyes and Evelyn couldn't help but gasp as Daphne blew lightly on her young wife's clit, "Please mommy!"  "I'm getting there little girl, calm down."
The hung futa dove in, taking the small clit into her mouth and sucking softly. Evelyn let out a high squeal, the pleasure was so intense already. Two of Daphne's fingers rubbed up and down the girl's slit, her juices covering them. After a moment of Daphne sucking on the sensitive bud and Evelyn letting out a string of moans with a hand buried into her dominants hair, she worked her mouth down licking slow horizontal stripes up Evelyn's dripping labia, humming at the taste of her essence as she did so.
The sight was extremely erotic, and Charlotte could feel her pussy tingle and core tighten slightly with arousal. God she wished that was her. After orally pleasuring Queen Daphne for the past six years, and yet not once had Queen Daphne returned the favour. Not that the serf expected her to, she just didn't expect the queen to be doing it for anyone else. And it annoyed Charlotte that her Queen was on her knees in-between some princesses legs after just four manuth.
Charlotte watched on eagerly, enjoying the visual of her queen vigorously eating princess pussy. Evelyn whined as queen Daphne pulled back slightly dragging the girls clit with her in her mouth before letting it pop out of her mouth. She observed her young wife's every move, her cock achingly hard at the sight and taste of the beautiful girl that lay before her. Evelyns cheeks her pink, and a sheen of sweat had began to form on her forehead. The way her arousal twisted the girl's features truly magnificent according to Daphne.
"You taste so good for mommy. 'Have the prettiest, tastiest pussy for me, sweet girl." Queen Daphne complimented, eliciting another moan out of her submissive wife. She knew just what to say to make Evelyn glow at the praise. Daphne switched tactics, inserting two fingers into Evelyns sopping core, and fucking her leisurely with them.
"I-it feels so g-good mommy! Love how y-you play with me." Evelyn almost whined, as she watched her futa fuck her with her fingers. The young princess began to grind down onto daphne's fingers, meeting her thrusts, desperate for more. Her breathing had become erratic, pleasure never leaving her face even as the Queen toyed with her.
"Please mommy, I-i need more, please!"
"More of what baby girl?" Daphne teased playing innocent as she picked up the pace of her thrusting fingers slightly, and rubbed the girls labia with her thumb, deliberately avoiding her clit. It was almost as if the two had forgotten the presence of their chambermaid stood at the foot of their bed.
"I," the girl interrupted herself with a great moan, as her mommy added a third finger that pressed on her g-spot, "I d-dont know mommy, please!"
Evelyn began to play with her nipples, pinching and tugging at them, trying to find some relief but it wasn't enough. Don't feel as good as when her queen played with them.
"Okay, okay. I'll stop testing you now, little princess." Daphne conceded, before swooping to take Evelyn's clit in her mouth once more. The younger cried out at the pleasure, enable to stop how her thighs moved, locking Daphne's head into place between them.
"Oh, god! Yes! S-so good mommy! Uuhh!"
Charlotte was sure she was flush with the arousal she felt, desperate to rub her own clit to find relief. She could not tear her eyes away from the erotic sight that lay before her. The two Queens were so sensual without even trying, and Charlotte was yearning to get involved with the two. She didn't care how. Bursting her own little pleasure bubble, Evelyn caught charlottes eye as she dragged her gaze away from the woman in between her legs. The princess couldn't help but smirk, before another moan slipped out as her dominant pressed on her g-spot.
"Are y-you, mmmm, you en-joying, the- oh!- the show serf?" Evelyn teased, surprising the other two women in the room. Daphne had forgotten the girl was in the room, to consumed by how good Evelyn's pussy tasted, and determined to make the girl cum.
"Uh, yes, your majesty. You both are a truly beautiful and erotic vision."
"I bet y-you're j-jealous," She panted before moaning again in response particular hard thrust Daphne gave her. The girl was closing in on her orgasm, and Daphne knew that. The queen sped up her fingers once more, all but pounding her young wife's pussy with three fingers, pressing on her g-spot every time.
"I-i have your strong, p-powerful q-queen, who gets on her kne-knees for none- fuck! None, except f-for me." Gloated the pillow princess, lighting a fire of desire and slight anger in Charlotte.
Of course she was jealous. Charlotte loved her queen, more than a servant, a subject should. She worshipped the ground she walked on. And her cock. And her pussy. And enjoyed every moment of it. It was rare for Daphne to reward the girl with an orgasm of her own, but the servant was okay with that because when she did, they were mind-blowing. Charlotte did not have a chance to respond as Evelyns head dropped back onto the pillow, a string of her moans filling the air. She was no longer paying attention to Charlotte, to lost in her own pleasure.
"Oh god-d, mommy!" Evelyn cried out, a hand slithering down from her nipple down into the futa queen's hair once more. She bucked her hips onto her face desperately chasing her orgasm.
"You ready to cum baby girl? Gonna cum for me in front of my servant?" Uttered Daphne in a soft, lust-filled voice. She rubbed fast, firm circles on her princess' clit, and looked up to observe how beautiful the writhing girl looked as she came close to the edge.
"Yes mommy, I w-want to cum! Want to b-be good and cum! Please, my queen!"
"Cum Evelyn! Cum on my face sweet girl!" The queen encouraged befogging diving down and quickly suckling on Evelyn's clit. It was all too much, and Evelyn tensed up for a moment for shaking as the intense orgasm rocked her body. She cried and moaned out, all the while Daphne slowed down her thrusts as she let the girl ride out her high.
As Evelyn came down, Daphne lapped up the juices that flood her when her little princess came, humming as she did so. "Taste so good for me baby."
Letting Evelyn catch her breath, Daphne pulled away, her mouth and fingers soaked with the younger's essence. She got off of the bed under the watchful eye of her wife and approached Charlotte.
"Open" Daphne instructed, and the serf's mouth dropped open immediately, "Suck."  Daphne shoved her cum covered fingers into charlotte's mouth, which closed around it. Eagar to please, she sucked hard, her tongue licking off every drip of juice and swallowing it. The action pleased both queens as they watch on, Daphne's own cock dripping pre-cum onto the floor as she did so.
"Enough." The queen ordered, pulling her fingers from the servants mouth. Daphne turned and climbed back onto the bed next to her queen consort who was still trying to catch her breath. She bent down, dropping a sweet, soft kiss to the girl's head before lying down next to her. Instinctively, Evelyn curled up into daphne's side, resting her head on her chest, and a hand on her lower stomach.
"What do you want her to do now sweetie? I think you've teased her enough." The futa advised.
"I don't know mommy. Want to make you feel good though, its your turn." The girl almost whimpered, pressing kisses to the top of daphne's breast. Deciding she had pushed her princesses far enough for now, and wanting to ensure Charlotte knew she remained completely dominant, Daphne took control of the night once more.
"I'm gonna give you a chance to rest completely baby girl. Charlotte, come here and suck my cock." Daphne ordered, and the chambermaid scrambled on the bed much to Evelyn's chagrin. The younger queen opened her mouth to protest, her eyebrows furrowing, but one look at the queen, made her close it, and rest her head on Daphne's chest once more.
"Evelyn, I want you to tell Charlotte what to do still. Tell her how to worship your mommy's big dick, little girl." Daphne instructed in a hushed voice, her arm wrapped around the girl, cuddling her into her side even more. Evelyn's mouth went dry and she nodded, watching as Charlotte shifted in-between daphne's spread legs. She didn't touch her cock yet, obediently waiting for further instructions.
"Take the tip into your mouth Charlotte." Evelyn ordered, her hand moving up to play with the tit her head wasn't resting on. Charlotte bent down, resting her hands on top of her queen's thighs as she began to suck on the tip of Daphne's member.
Daphne let out a soft sigh in pleasure, almost relieved that her pulsating prick was finally getting some attention. "Now slowly take the rest of your queen's dick into your mouth."  Charlotte obeyed once more, bobbing back up a few times, easing herself into it. After a moment or two of Charlotte's bobbing, Evelyn huffed rolling her eyes.
"I said take all of it." The young princess snapped as she bent down, and shoved her servant's head all the way down the cock. Daphne couldn't help but moan at the feeling of her prick hit the back of a throat, which caused Charlotte to gag. Evelyn smirked at how her wife reacted, and to how the serf gagged, her eyes watering as she attempted to pull off and escape Evelyn's firm grasp on her hair.
"When I tell you to do something, you fucking do it." Evelyn said harshly, before leaned back into her dom's hold once more, letting go of the girl, who immediately moved off to gasp for air, coughing a little with spit and pre-cum covering her mouth and chin. Charlotte's face burned with humiliation, anger, arousal, and a whole host of other emotions she didn't have the mental capacity to figure out at that point in time. She couldn't decide if she wanted her queen consort to fuck her or if she wanted to slap her. Hard.
"I-I apologise your m-majesty." Charlotte forced out, before gripping the base, and slowly taking the queen's entire member into her mouth once more. She didn't gag this time, and slowly pulled off before bobbing her head down to take it all once more. Finally she got into a rhythm, sucking Daphne's cock lovingly. After all, it was her favourite past time. Every now and them she hummed, sending vibrations down the futa Queen's length.
Daphne let out soft groans and moans as her body was worshipped by the two girls that adored her. She was in heaven, loving how Evelyn was establishing her dominant side over their bedchamber, but was still very much her little princess, who was suckling, nipping and licking on one nipple, whilst playing, pinching and pulling on the other. It was the best of both worlds, and she threaded her hands through Evelyn's hair, stroking the girl's head. It was almost peaceful, that was until Evelyn got a bit bored and slightly sadistic.
She pulled her head off of Daphne's tit, and looked up at her queen, big doe eyes almost pleading, "Fuck her face please mommy."
The small chuckle left daphne's lips without her control, and nodded, already rutting up into the serf's face, "Anything for my baby girl."
Evelyn beamed, leaning up to give Daphne a quick kiss, but Daphne tightened her grip on her hair holding her in place whilst she deepened the kiss. Exploring the younger's mouth with her tongue, her shallow thrusts into Charlotte's mouth never stopping. The younger girl could not stop the small moans that escaped as her futa dominated her mouth, as well as her servants.
Charlotte kept her hands rested on the Queens' soft, yet firm thighs as her face was slowly fucked. Trying to keep her throat relaxed, she watched as her superiors engaged in the searing kiss. Suddenly, Daphne pulled away, turning her attention to the girl on her knees and thrust deeper down her throat. The queen utilised her hand that was buried in Charlotte's hair to still the girl's bobbing head, her grip tightening. Her hips were almost off of the bed as she thrust deeper and deeper down into the servant's throat until she hit the back of it.
"Oh fuck," Daphne sighed softly, burying her head in her wife's shoulder.
"Does it feel good mommy?"
"Yeah baby, 'm fucking her throat good." Both queens look down, equally turned on by the state their chambermaid was in. Charlotte was starting to struggle to breath, her eyes watering, a single tear streaming down her left cheek, her cheeks flush, and spit covering her chin.
"Let her choke on your big dick, my Queen." Evelyn murmured, smiling spitefully as she watched Charlotte struggle. Daphne moaned at the words before holding charlotte down to the root for a few moments before ragging her off. Once more, the young girl coughed and cluttered, desperate to catch her breath.
"Off the bed, and on your knees, slut." The futa ordered, manoeuvring herself to the edge of the bed as her servant followed her instructions. Evelyn followed along, draping herself over the Queen's back, her arms swinging underneath her mommy's to grope the tits she so adored. Daphne only allowed her a moment of respite before grabbing the sides of Charlottes face, and brutally shoving her cock into her mouth, fucking her face hard and fast.
"That's it mommy. God, your cock look so good." Daphne could only moan in response to her wife's sultry words, which only served to push her closer to the end of cumming.
I can't wait to watch you paint her face."
Only a few minutes more of rough thrusting, nipple play, and dirty talk was enough to having the Queen Daphne shooting her load down charlotte's throat, "Fuck yesss." Take it, take my cum bitch!"
"Do it mommy, cum in her fucking face, yes!"
Only two spurts actually made it down Charlotte's throat (to the girl's own relief), before Daphne pulled out and shot the rest of her heavy load onto the girl's face, jerking her pulsating penis all the while. Evelyn giggled a little as she looked on, revealing in her wife's blatant dominance over the commoner on their bedroom floor. Breathing heavy, Daphne finally stopped cumming and admired her work. Her thick covered the girls face, all over her mouth and chin, a streak up her cheek, one crossing her eye and up onto her forehead. There was even some in her hair. What a fucking sight.
"Thank you, your majesty." Stated Charlotte, her voice a little gravelly, and her breath still heavy. Evelyn reached forward and swiped her forefinger across the serf's cheek to collect some of her queen's cum. Popping it into her mouth, she turned to her Dom, a cheeky smile on her face.
"Mmm, tastes good mommy." She hummed. The queen laughed and shook her head, pushing her servant away and crawling up the bed, small wife in tow.
"You always say that baby."
"That's because it's true," the younger shrugged. She turned her attention to the strill straining dick that lay in-between them and grabbed, causing Daphne to groan.
"Now, please can I have it in my pussy mommy?" She asked, feigning all to innocent.
Daphne brushed a whisper of a kiss against Evelyn's lips, "Now how can I say no to that?"
"Charlotte, go wash your face whilst I fuck my wife."
"Yes, Queen Consort."
Poor Charlotte didn't even get to cum
-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/
Thank you for being patient! I was going to have both queens fuck there servant as well in this chapter, but it kept getting longer, and I wanted to get this part out before the end of the week. Maybe another time...
In part three we join Daphne and Kaspar on their adventures.... And it turns out Evelyn is not the only one who calls Daphne mommy....