When it came to put some clothes on I was spoilt for choice, I liked all my new clothes instead of having to choose one drab outfit or another. I brushed my hair trying to decide then I slipped on one of the summer dresses and some shoes on and went looking for John.
"I see that you chose one of the see-through dresses." John said, "Just confirming that you are an exhibitionist."
""Yeah, okay, let's go."
"That pink antenna looks good Jade, I can see the end of it below the hem and I can follow it right up to where it disappears."
"You really don't mind me wearing this dress?"
"No, I love that dress nearly as much as what's in it."
"I suppose it will be dark outside, no one will be able to see that it's see-through."
I replied but at the same time I was hoping that John was going to take me somewhere where there would be bright lights. As we walked out to John's car I thought,
"Jeez Jade, what the hell has got into you? Last week you'd never even worn a dress like this at home, with underwear on, never mind going outside in it with or without underwear. I must be crazy?"
John opened my door for me and I made sure that he saw where the antenna disappeared before lifting my outside leg into the car.
"Tease." John said as he shut the door then went round to his side of the car.
"Roof off?" John asked as he pressed the start button.
"Off." I replied and minutes later we were driving down the road.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"Patience little one." John replied as we drove out into the countryside and minutes later we were pulling into the car park of a little country pub called The Drunken Duck.
"Is this yours?" I asked.
"It is but I have a manager, Ken, running it for me."
"Does that mean that we'll get free drinks? I asked.
"Of course but don't go getting drunk, I want you to remember everything that happens here."
"And just what is going to happen to me here?"
"I have no idea yet but I'm sure that you will enjoy everything that does."
"Can I really go inside dressed like this, I mean there will be bright lights, someone might get offended?"
"If they do they can leave but there aren't many people about that would get offended by the sight of a naked beautiful young woman."
"Thank you John, but I'm not naked, unless you are intending to take this dress off of me."
"No I'm not going to strip you Jade, but you might want to take it off."
"I doubt that."
By then John had parked the car and was coming round to my side to open the door for me. I made sure that he could see the antenna again, then we walked to the pub door.
When John opened the door I stepped in and almost instantly everything went quiet. I looked around and saw about twenty five men of various ages all looking at me. I also saw a sign saying 'Function Room' pointing to a door that I guessed led to some sort of extension out the back of the pub.
Then I saw a middle-aged man come from behind the bar and walk over to us.
"John, great to see you again, and who is this vision of beauty?"
"Ken this is Jade, my new girlfriend, Jade, Ken, the manager, and Ken I haven't come to check on the books. I'm sure that they are in perfect order."
"They are but I wouldn't mind talking to you about an idea that I have had but some other time, come and introduce your new friend to all your friends here. Your usual John, and what would you like Jade?"
"Do you do cocktails Ken?"
"We don't get much demand for them out here in the sticks, but we do, what would you like?"
"Surprise me Ken."
I looked around the room and saw seven tables, all with just men sitting round them. Most of the men were still looking at me and I suddenly became very aware that my dress was see-through and that every one of those men could tell that I wasn't wearing anything under the dress. I felt my face warm up.
John took me to four of the tables and introduced me, and at each he introduced me to each man sat there and each pair of eyes staring at my tits and slit close up made me tingle a bit more. Some of the men gave me a compliment of some sort, quite a few of them being about my dress. No one actually said that they could see everything through it but why else would a man say that he liked a dress?
Anyway, we finally left the fourth table and John took me to the end of the bar where there were two, high stools vacant. John sat on one and patted the other to tell me that I was to sit on it. I had to climb up using the bar between two of the legs and when I sat I could feel the wood on my bare butt. I tried to pull the hem down but it was going nowhere. I tried to cross my legs but the stool was too close to the bar and the overhang got in the way of my legs. I resigned myself to sitting with my knees together.
I smoothed the dress behind me and discovered that the hem only just touched the wooden seat causing me to think that I shouldn't bend forward.
I was just about to ask John why he'd only introduced me to the men at four of the tables when Ken appeared with a drink in each hand.
"There you go, one pint of Dogs Bollocks and one Sex on the Beach, I've got some Pigswill coming in next week John, you'll have to come and try it."
I looked at John then Ken and wondered if they were talking in some sort of code. John saw my puzzlement and said,
"This is a Free House pub Jade, we can sell any beer that we can get our hands on, and real ale goes down well around here, that's why it's so popular."
I assumed that Dogs Bollocks and Pigswill were names of beers and let it pass.
"So John, where did you find this beauty, and one that is so, shall we say 'liberated'?"
"In a pub in the city. I had to go back five times before I saw her again and asked her out. It's taken a few days for her to start to find her real self but I think that she's getting there."
"I wish that more girls would stop trying to hide behind society and be their real selves." Ken said.
"You got that right mate. Now you wanted to talk to me about something?"
"Yes, it won't take long, the function room, I thought that maybe we could rent it out to some of the more, shall we say, 'specialist' clubs rather than sticking to the usual weddings and Christmas dinner type events."
"Ken, you're the manager, it's your decision but what sort of 'specialist' clubs were you thinking of?"
"Well I wasn't thinking of the Anglers or the Train Spotters brigades, they're the run of the mill stuff, I was thinking of the CMNF, the BDSM or the Multiple 'O' Club, that type clubs, I've heard that there is a shortage of places that will accommodate the more liberated sections of society and being out in the sticks a bit the function room would be ideal for them, it wouldn't be a problem if scantily clad or tied up girls were wandering around the place. Last week I got asked by a photography club that wanted to turn the room into a mini studio for the night so that they could photograph naked girls."
"I'm more than happy for you to you to accommodate them Ken, it's good money coming in. Just one thing though if you take a booking for any event that you think that Jade here might be able to display herself at can you let me know, I'd hate for her to miss an opportunity to show herself."
"No problem John, if I had a body like Jade's I would want to put it on display all the time."
"Yes, she does have nice, cute little tits doesn't she?" John replied as his right hand came and cupped my right tit then tweaked both my nipples through the dress.
"Gotta go." Ken said, "city guys just here for the beer. They should be leaving soon."
That was my opportunity to ask John what the acronyms were,
"CMNF that's Clothed Male, Naked Female and they have meetings and dinners."
"What, where all the women are naked?"
"Yes, apparently it's a big turn on for the women."
"That doesn't surprise me, can we join that club?"
"I'm sure that I can organise that, you really are getting into this nudity aren't you Jade?"
"Yeah, I am aren't I, and I guess that I have to thank you for that John, I'll thank you properly later."
"BDSM, that's ...."
I interrupted John by saying,
"Bondage, Discipline and Sadism and Masochism, yes, I've heard of that, I watched a few films about that, the 50 shades series are great movies."
"Yes, and we've already started down that road Jade."
"We have haven't we, are we going to go further down that road?"
"Do you want to Jade?"
"Yes please."
"I was hoping that you'd say that."
"I don't know what this Multiple 'O' Club is though."
"You'll kick yourself when I tell you, you're already quite good at having multiple orgasms Jade."
"Bloody hell, I should have worked that one out. Do they really have clubs for women who what to have multiple orgasms? What do they do at their meetings, have competitions to see how many orgasms they can have in a certain time?"
"Precisely, you'd do well there Jade, and it will be great fun practising."
"Yes it would. So how do we join these clubs?"
"All of them?"
"Well the CMNF and the Multiple 'O' Club to start off with, BDSM scares me a bit, I'd hate to be whipped so many times that I bleed to death."
"I'm sure that it's not that bad but we can leave that one for now, just have some fun on our own at home."
Then I had a thought,
"Hey John, coming here and you talking to Ken about these clubs wasn't a setup to get me to join these clubs with you was it?"
"No, definitely not Jade. Okay I'd started thinking about how we get get you your kicks but I hadn't thought about joining clubs, and yes I'd heard of those clubs before but I'd never even considered them, but now that you say that you are interested in two of the three then I'll certainly start making enquiries."
"Okay John, I believe you, it's just that it seemed to be the perfect setup."
"Honest Jade, it wasn't."
"I believe you John, how can I prove it to you?"
"You don't need to prove anything Jade. Just keep being you, the real you."
"Oh I intend to lover, you've opened the doors for me and they're one way doors, no going back in to the closet."
We both drank some more then I said,
"John, can you look at the men behind me and tell me if they are still looking at me, I'm pretty sure that part of my butt is showing."
"Lean forward a bit Jade."
I did and John looked over to the men then said that some of them were still looking at me which started the tingling again, then I heard Ken shout,
"TIME LADIES AND GENTLEMEN."
"What time is it John." I asked.
"Five passed eleven."
"I thought that it was only about ten."
"Don't worry Jade, you're forgetting who owns this pub, once those city guys have gone Ken will lock the doors and the rest of us can stay as long as we want, it will be a private party."
"Oh yes, I did forget, can I have another drink please?"
John called Ken over and I asked him to surprise me again. A few minutes later he came back with what he called a Love Potion number 69. It tasted nice as well, but not as nice as a true 69 with John.
Shortly after that John told me that the city men were leaving then five minutes later Ken came round the bar then I heard the bolts go on the door.
"Right gents," Ken said as he walked back to the bar, "who would like another drink?"
I turned round on my stool and saw a couple of men get up and come to the bar then it hit me, John had turned the vibrator on.
"Oh shit." I said and almost fell off the stool.
John saw me nearly fall and he literally picked me up and put me down on my feet on the floor with my body shaking. My right hand went to my pussy and found it under the short hem of the dress.
"Oh my gawd John, not in here with all these strangers looking at me." I somehow managed to say.
But they were already looking at me. Through the see-through dress they could see my tiny tits wobble just a little bit and because my hand had grabbed my pussy there was bare flesh showing around my pubis. I suspected that half of my butt was showing as well.
But John wasn't going to stop, and to be truthful I didn't want him to stop. Especially as some of the locals were encouraging John. They must have seen the pink antenna and guessed what John was doing to me.
Up and down went the strength of the vibrations which was evident to the locals by the amount of shaking and dancing that I was doing. Then it stopped.
I just stood there trying to get my breath back and still holding my crotch.
"Do it again John." I heard one local say.
"Strip her John," Another said, "let's get a proper look at her."
John put his phone down and went for hem of the dress at both sides. Even before he started pulling the dress up my arms were going up in the air to make it easier for him and within seconds I was naked apart from my shoes.
Then John started the vibrator again and I started grabbing my pussy and my tits, and dancing from one foot to the other trying to get some relief from the very pleasurable torture. With the vibrations running at about half strength John manoeuvred me to the middle of the room so that everyone could get a good look at me. That sort of appealed to me, more so afterwards but at the time it wasn't exactly on my mind.
Anyway, either John set the vibrator on a random pattern or he kept messing with it through his phone because the vibrations went up and down and just when I thought that it had been switched off they'd start again. I tried looking at the men who were watching me and they just looked like they thought I was some sort of demented nudist girl playing with herself.
After about 10 minutes the vibrations finally got the better of me and I started cumming and my right hand started frantically rubbing my clit. How I managed to stay on my feet I will never know but I did, right through one orgasm and only when I peaked again did John switch the vibrator off.
As I started to come down from my high John put his arms round me from behind and I was surprised that he didn't grab my tits. He just held me firmly until I said,
"That was fucking awesome John."
Which prompted a few complementary comments and some applause. For some weird reason I felt proud of myself and not at all embarrassed, in fact I was looking up at John and smiling.
"That's one hell of a girl that you've got there John." Ken said.
"Yes and she looks like she would be happy doing that again Ken. Is that right Jade?"
"Anything that makes me cum like that."
"Would you like to put your dress back on Jade?" John asked me.
"There's not much point is there, everyone here has seen me like this so why bother? Anyway, it's okay for men to see girls naked."
What I didn't say was that I was enjoying all those men looking at me.
"Would you like a drink Jade?" Ken asked.
"Yes please, a strong one."
John took me to a table and Ken brought me the drink.
"So you enjoyed that did you Jade?" John asked.
"Yes I did."
"And you're enjoying being sat here naked."
"Yes I am, and it's your fault John."
"It's my fault for making you so happy?"
"Yes it is, thank you, now can we go home and can I ride your cock when we get there?"
"Do you want another blast from that vibrator before we go?"
"No, I want your cock."
We left shortly after that, Ken giving me my dress and telling me to come back whenever John went away. I waved to all the customers as we walked out and got a few more requests to go back.
Again I rode to John's house naked saying that I was spending more time in his car without clothes on than with them.
I did ride John's cock when we got back home.
*****
The next day John woke me with his cock in my hole and I got him to promise to do that to me every day.
Apart from a supermarket delivery and some more clothes arriving John and I had a quiet weekend, well quiet from the point of view of seeing other people but from a sex point of view we had a fantastic weekend, doing it everywhere and using my toys to make me want even more sex. I'm getting to like being 'restrained', as John calls it, more, the feeling of being helpless when I'm being fucked is turning me on more and more and I've been daydreaming about being tied up outside, even in public places and then being fucked with strangers watching but I don't know of I want that to become a reality. John has dropped the odd hint that he likes the idea, I'm going to have to talk to him about it when it gets a bit clearer in my head.
*****
The Monday morning arrived with what has become the norm, me waking to the feeling of John's cock sliding in and out of my pussy. It's a good job that my pussy is permanently wet these days.
Adam arrived for my training session and he was grinning when he saw the new machines in the workout room. He got me onto the weights lifting machine straight away and he set the resistance quite low for each of the exercises that can be done on that machine telling me that he'd increase the resistance every two or three sessions until he thought that I had reached a suitable maximum.
Then he took me to the leg stretcher machine and I could see a smile on his face as I sat on it and lifted my legs into the 'U' shaped rests. For a reason that I can only guess at he wanted to be stood in front of me when I started to force my legs either together or apart and I seemed to be spending a lot of time with my legs spread wide as he played with the controls. For some reason that I couldn't be bothered to think about, I wasn't at all bothered about him seeing my spread and wet pussy, or my little pointy tits with their rock hard nipples pointing directly in front of me.
Next it was the exercise cycle, Both John and I has used it over the weekend and each time that I use it I kept going until I'd orgasmed in front of John. He even videoed one of my sessions on it.
The anticipation of what I knew would happen had got me even wetter and I heard a bit of a squelching sound when I sat on the saddle. As I started pedalling I looked at Adam and it was obvious that he was expecting the same thing that I was.
I didn't disappoint either of us and I tried to keep going for a second orgasm but Adam told me to stop, that that was enough for so soon in my training program. I thought about asking him if my use of the exercise bike would increase over time just like the resistance on the previous two machines, but I stopped myself from asking him when I remembered that I could go and use the exercise bike anytime that I want.
After the workout room we progressed on to the rest of the program and I really enjoyed all the stretching and yoga. Again Adam seemed to 'coach' me by standing between my legs. In one very exposed position I thought about how I was exposed and how I was enjoying it.
When we got to the point where the session had ended that last time, Adam asked me if I had managed to get some trainers, but it was John who answered by appearing with my trainers in his hand.
"Good," Adam said, "we'll go for a run in the woods."
I was both looking forward to it and a bit nervous, both of which were exciting me. For some strange reason the prospect of total strangers seeing me naked out in the woods seemed more exciting than those men in the pub seeing me. I even dreamt of Adam taking me jogging down a very public and busy street.
With my trainers on, and absolutely nothing else, Adam led me to the gate at the bottom of the garden and then into the woods. The first path that we went on wasn't used very much but we soon found a well worn one and I wondered how often people walked along that path.
Adam set me off jogging, me in front so that I could set the pace and I wondered if he was enjoying seeing my butt as I jogged.
I soon discovered that those woods were popular with dog walkers. I saw a Golden Retriever first, it was walking towards me and when it saw me it's tail started wagging. I said hello to it as I passed it then I saw the owner, a middle-aged man who started grinning just as soon as our eyes met.
"Good morning." I said and got the same back as I passed him. I also heard Adam saying the same.
On we jogged with Adam occasionally asking me if I was okay.
We seemed to be jogging for hours and I was starting to get out of breath when came to a gate and on the other side I could see a bit of a car park with four cars parked, and a road. I couldn't see any people but I was a little concerned that cars could drive passed at any second.
Adam caught up and told me to have a short rest so I leant against one of the gate posts. Adam was just telling me that the next time he'd remember to bring a couple of bottles of water with us when another dog appeared, a Labrador, and it came straight to me and started sniffing at my pussy.
I was telling it to go and leave me alone when its owner appeared but he didn't call off the dog. Instead he started a conversation with Adam. Meanwhile the dog had progressed to licking my pussy and every attempt that I made to push it's head away just seemed to make it more determined to lick me some more.
Finally the man called off the dog but by that time I had discovered that dog's tongues can give a girl some very nice feelings and I wondered what John thought of the idea of getting a dog.
"Come on Jade," Adam said, "that's enough of a rest, let's cross the road and continue on the other side."
I was out on the road before I remembered that cars could come along at any second and I frantically looked for a gate or a path on the other side of the road.
Realising what I was doing Adam said,
"It's a couple of hundred metres up to your left."
"You want me to run along the road like this?" I asked.
"Sure, it will only take seconds and if anyone comes they'll have a pleasant surprise."
Not wanting to be on a public road any longer than necessary I set off jogging and it seemed to take forever to get to the gate which I quickly discovered had a chain and padlock on it.
"Climb over it Jade." Adam said, so I did, being well passed worrying about what I would be showing to Adam as my leg went over the top bar.
Then it was off jogging again with Adam following me. It soon became clear that this trail was more popular because we soon came across people out walking, in fact the first we saw was a group of elderly people all kitted out in hiking boots and waterproof jackets which seemed strange to me since I was naked and quite warm and the sun was shining through the trees.
Anyway, Adam saw them about the same time as I did and he moved up to alongside me and said,
"I'm going in front until we pass them so that it doesn't look like I'm chasing you."
I smiled but said nothing and as we ran passed them none of them said a word although I did see the odd smile and the odd look of shock.
On we jogged and before long we were back at the gate at the road obviously having gone in a circle.
"Back along the road Jade." Adam said.
I climbed over the gate and started jogging along the road not even thinking about cars coming along the road and one did just before I got to where I needed to turn off the road. I looked at the driver and saw a big smile and I was a little disappointed that my pussy didn't start to tingle. I put it down to me being out of breath.
Soon we got to the gate to John's garden and Adam was telling me that I'd done well but I was bent over with my hands on my knees trying to get my breathing back to normal not even thinking that Adam would be able to see all of my pussy.
John must have been looking out for us because as I started to walk towards the house he cane out and stood next to me and one of his arms went round my neck and the hand cupped my tit. Adam gave John some reassuring words about my performance then left saying that he'd be back on the Wednesday and John took me to a lounger to let me lay down to recover.
John sat on the edge of the lounger and one of his hands went to my pussy where he toyed with my clit as he asked me how I was doing.
"Some of it is hard work?" I said.
"It's supposed to be Jade, no pain, no gain. Besides, you want to keep that flexible, supple, body of yours fit don't you?"
"Of course, I was just saying that it's hard work."
"You can do it Jade. I've got a treat for you later, I've got a woman coming to laser all the stubble from your body below your neck."
"Excellent, thank you John."
"Hey, it benefits me just as much as it does you."
"Yes, I guess so."
"Two treats actually. The first one is about to happen. Stand up."
As I got up John dropped his shorts and lay where I had been. He didn't have to explain the rest.
When we had both cum I lay back on his chest and told him that I loved being his employee and that I loved living with him and that I loved him.
I felt John's cock reverse the shrinking and as he pushed me up to ride him again he told me that he loved me too.
Twenty minutes later we were up in the shower washing all the sweat off my body.
Three hours later the doorbell rang and when I opened the door a woman who looked to be in her later twenties stared at the naked me for a couple of seconds then said,
"You must be Jade, I'm Elsa and I see that your are eager to get on with the treatment."
I too thought for a second then replied,
"I guess that I am but I was just enjoying the sun."
"Good for you, I hate tan lines too. So, where are we doing this?"
"John's got a table out the back and he's rigged up an extension lead so that you've got power."
"Okay, I usually do this in a room without windows but I'm sure that outside will be much better."
"Yes, and there's no neighbours to hear me scream when you hurt me."
"You can relax Jade, I won't be hurting you, it's not like a waxing."
"Good."
I led Elsa through the house and out the back to the massage table which John and I had carried outside. John was there sorting the power supply out and him and Elsa talked for a couple of minutes before Elsa turned to me and told me to get up onto the table.
As Elsa was getting herself organised I saw a man come round the side of the house. He walked over to John and they talked for a minute before the man went into the pool room.
"Who's that John?" I asked.
"That's Pete, the pool man, just ignore him."
"Are you okay having this done with a stranger watching you Jade?" Elsa asked.
"Sure," I replied, "I'm getting used to men seeing me naked."
"Well they will think that you look even more beautiful when I've finished with you." Elsa added.
"I think so, the only hair that I like on my body is on my head."
"Me too." Elsa replied, "right Jade, this is how it's going to work."
Elsa explained what she was going to do and what the laser machine actually does. She also told me how long it would take and the probability that at least one follow-up session would be needed to catch any persistent follicles that don't want to die.
Then Elsa got started and I was pleased to discover that it was virtually painless, just a bit of tingling (not that type of tingling) and a bit of a burning feeling. When Elsa started working on my pubis John came over and stood next to me. One of his hands held one of mine and his other hand rested on one of my tits. I saw that Elsa has seen that and that she smiled when she saw it but none of us said anything.
After about thirty minutes John asked if it was possible for Elsa to have a break and have a cup of tea. I sat up to drink the tea and saw that Pete the pool man was openly staring at me, and instead of being embarrassed I was actually feeling nice about it.
John, Elsa and myself were making small talk whilst we drank the tea with John asking Elsa questions about laser hair removal and how popular it was and I was sure that John was as surprised as I was about the number of men who had the same thing done. I had this mental image of John on the table and Elsa holding his boner as she lasered all the hairs. I decided that I'd talk to him about it some other time.
After the tea Elsa got back to the job and I lay back and let it happen. Elsa got to the sides of my vulva and she asked me to spread my legs as wide as I could. As I did this I saw that Pete was no longer doing whatever to the pool but was standing next to John, both of them staring at me making me feel good.
They were still staring at me when Elsa asked me to get on my hands and knees so that she could get to all the hairs that I couldn't see without a mirror.
Elsa finally finished and I sat on the side of the table as Elsa packed all her equipment before John walked her to the door. Pete was still there and whilst he was still looking at me he asked me if I used the pool or if I needed any swimming lessons. I told him that I could swim already but that I wasn't the strongest of swimmers. Pete offered to give me some coaching lessons so that I could improve. I told him that I had enough to think about at the moment. Pete left just after John got back.
"So how was that Jade?" John asked.
"Less painful than I thought but it was worth it just so that I never have to shave again. Thank you John."
"No need to thank me Jade, as I said, it was for my benefit as well. I've booked a follow-up session for four weeks today, you should be all healed up by then."
"Healed up? From what?"
"Jade, do you remember me asking you what you didn't like about your pussy?"
"Yes I do."
"Well I've made an appointment with a top cosmetic surgeon in London next Monday for him to re-model your pussy to how you want it to look."
"You'd do that for me?"
"Already booked Jade, all you have to do is tell him what you want doing and a couple of hours later you will have a new pussy."
"I love you so much John Douglas."
"I've got to keep my employees happy."
"There's another employee hiding away somewhere is there?"
"No Jade, one exhibitionistic nymphomaniac is quite enough for me thank you."
"So how long will it be after the operation that I can really thank you?"
"That depends on how quicker a healer you are but probably around a couple of weeks but you still might be sore for a while after that."
"But I'll still be able to give you blowjobs, and I'm not getting anything done to any other part of my body am I?"
"You'll definitely be able to give me blowjobs. I didn't ask about getting anything other than your pussy changed, but having said that, what do you think about getting you nipples pierced?"
"Never really thought about it. Okay, I've thought about it, can the surgeon guy pierce nipples as well?"
"That's probably a bit below a Harley Street surgeon but if you are sure that you want them piercing we can get them done here."
"My friend Jenny got hers pierced in town."
"Have you even phoned your friends since you moved here?"
"No."
"Well you should phone them, let them know that I haven't murdered you."
"Can I?"
"Of course you can Jade, you don't need to ask me. I may be your employer but I'm not your owner, you can do what you want."
"Good, I'll do that this evening, do you want me to cook something for tea or will you order in?"
"I'll order a Chinese then you can show yourself to the delivery guy."
"That will be fun, then later I can really thank you."
"I'll look forward to that, now I need to go and do a couple of hours work."
We went inside, John to do some work and me to look in a mirror. I wasn't really expecting to look any different except for the lack of stubble but it was nice looking at myself and knowing that I'd never again have any hair below my neck. I also had a close look at my pussy trying to imagine what it would look in a weeks time. No flaps, a lot skinnier and hopefully with my clit just sticking out of my skinny lips.
I pulled my hood back and rubbed my finger over the end of my clit imagining what it will be like to have things accidentally rubbing my clit all the time.
When it got to the time that I thought that Jenny would be home from work I phoned her and we spent over an hour talking, well mainly me talking, telling her everything that I'd done since we last met. She sounded so jealous but at the same time happy for me.
Having said that I didn't tell her everything, I didn't want to make her so jealous that she'd hate me.
I wasn't quite sure if she believed me when I told her that I had only worn clothes once since I last saw her, especially when I told her how many men had seen me naked in that time.
I didn't tell Jenny that I was going to London to get my pussy altered but I did manage to ask her where she got her nipples pierced.
We didn't managed to talk about everything that I wanted to because the doorbell rang. I guessed that it would be our Chinese and I promised to phone her and Rose again soon, and to invite then round to my new home.
It was a totally relaxed and totally naked me that opened the front door apologising for taking so long and acting like I was fully clothed. The delivery guy had a smile on his face as soon as he saw me and he wasn't at all shocked. I guessed that our address was on their list of home where they might see lots of female skin.
As I was closing the door behind him I thought about how I had changed from the first time that John asked me to open the door whilst naked.
That night in bed I asked John to tie my wrists to the top of the bed and blindfold me before fucking me. Being restrained seems to add a little more excitement to a lovemaking session.
*****
John woke me in the nicest possible way telling me that he was going to do that to me every day until we had to stay away from my pussy for way too long.
Over breakfast John told me that I would be getting two visitors that day, the first one being a masseur late morning and then in the afternoon a beautician was coming to do whatever I wanted with my finger and toe nails. Both those would be firsts for me as I'd only ever painted my nails myself.
I asked John if I could go and have a workout in his mini gym first and he told me that I didn't need to ask but this time he wanted to know so that he could come and video me.
He did come and video me, well on the leg spreader machine and the exercise cycle, and yes he videoed me as I made myself cum sliding from side to side on the saddle. He also asked me to do the standing splits so that he could zoom right in on my spread pussy.
Just as I was going for another shower he told me that he'd video me doing those things again after I'd had my pussy 'done' then we could compare the two videos.
At 11 a.m. I opened the front door to a man who looked to be in his later twenties.
"You must be Jade, I'm Manuel, your masseur. All ready to get started I see."
"Yes, I am Jade, please come through, the table is setup out the back."
As we walked through the house John joined us and introduced himself. After they shook hands John clarified with Manuel that he was there to give me a full massage with a very happy ending. I guess that a lot of girls would have been a bit embarrassed knowing that the two men stood in front of them were talking about one of them giving you an orgasm whilst the other watched, and a few weeks ago I would have been embarrassed and bright red, especially as one of those men had moved behind you and had reached round and was holding one of your tits, but I had changed so much that not only wasn't I embarrassed, my pussy was tingling and dripping with the anticipation.
"So Manuel, are you happy working your magic on Jade's body out here in the open?"
"I am, I believe that everything should be as natural as possible and out here in the sunshine and fresh air goes a long way towards that so I am happy if you are Jade."
"I am happy, but, hopefully, not as happy as I will be in a short while."
"Have you ever had a massage before Jade?"
"No, never."
"Then you need to relax, try to think of the pleasurable times of your life and let me do everything."
John let go of my tit and I climbed onto the table, rightly guessing that Manuel would start on my back.
Well, the next thirty or so minutes was out of this world, I have never felt more relaxed in my life and all the slight aches that I still had from the running and other exercising just vanished. Even when Manuel was massaging my tits and nipples it felt amazing, different from when John plays with my tits which is also amazing. I wondered if it was different because I knew that John would be fucking me soon but Manuel wouldn't be.
Manuel is also brilliant at teasing his 'victims'. His fingers and hands danced all around my pussy for what seemed like hours before he finally ran a finger along my already very spread slit. He had never asked me to spread my legs and I don't remember spreading them but by then they were spread wide in the hope that my hole was going to be invaded. My body certainly thought that it was because I could feel my lubrication juices trickling down between my butt cheeks.
Then Manuel just touched my clit and an orgasm exploded out of me. As the orgasm started to become history I vaguely remember him saying something like,
"You don't get off that lightly my beauty."
And I didn't. His fingers were still teasing me all around and in my pussy, a quick plunge in then a quick rub or flick of my clit. On and on it went and up and up went my arousal again until I was close to the edge. Then Manuel's fingers went in side me and started going in and out so fast that I doubted that John's eyes could keep up with them. What's more, Manuel was lifting my butt up off the table as his fingers pistoned in and out of me.
Needless to say that I came again in seconds but Manuel kept on going taking me to two more peaks before he finally slowed down. And I was glad that he just got slower and slower because if he'd just pulled out I'm sure that the withdrawal symptoms would have been horrible.
After what seemed like hours Manuel finally stopped finger fucking me and my heart rate started to get back to something like normal but I was too shattered to even thank him. I just lay there thinking how wonderful life was.
I saw John and Manuel talking and looking at me but it was only when they started to walk into the house that I had the energy to even sit up. When I did I saw the gardener, David, looking at me from over towards the shed.
"Back again David, I didn't think that the grass was growing that quick." I said, suspecting that David had just come to watch me.
"Err no Jade, I just needed to talk to John about something, I hope you didn't mind me watching you?"
"Not at all David, I've got used to being seen naked and John tells me that it's okay for girls to be seen naked by men."
"That it is Jade, especially the beautiful ones like you."
"Why thank you David, John shouldn't be long."
John wasn't long, in fact he was back in seconds. He came over to me and told me to lay back and enjoy the sun while he had a quick chat with David. I did, and he did, and when he came back to me he told me that Manuel had said that it was always a pleasure working with such a beautiful young lady.
"So is that where he's going now, to work on a beautiful young lady?"
"I wouldn't know Jade, he was referring to you."
"This being naked all the time really is a good way for a girl to get lots of nice comments isn't it?"
"Only if you are beautiful like you Jade. Now, sorry to spoil things for you but I've told Manuel not to come back for the next two weeks then to come here every Tuesday after that. I didn't tell him why but I'm sure that he'll know when next he sees your pussy."
"So when are we going to London John?"
"We'll travel down on Friday after your fitness session then you'll go under the knife on Monday morning."
"Saying it that way scares me a bit John."
"I'm sure that it will be painless Jade and that paracetamol will take care of the soreness after that, but you won't be able to do much for a few days then you'll have to take it easy for another week or so, so we need to do a triple dose of fucking before Monday to make up for what we won't be able to do for a couple of weeks."
"That sounds great but you'll still be able to fuck my mouth and I like giving you blowjobs"
"Yes you are Jade, did you talk to Jenny about getting your nipples pierced?"
"I did, and she gave me the phone number of the place where she got them done."
"When to you want to get them done Jade?"
"How about now?"
"Fine with me, phone the place and see if they can fit you in."
I did and they could so I went and had a shower then put a dress and shoes on. I knew that I would have to take my top off for the piercing and I could have put just a skirt and top on but I wanted to get naked for it, it seemed more natural.
"You know that this nipple piercer will have seen hundreds of naked girls Jade?" John said as we were driving to the shop.
"I know, but you've helped me realise that I like being seen naked by men."
"And any sane man will like seeing you naked Jade, I certainly do."
"Thank you John."
The place was a small converted shop and when we went it we were met by a middle-aged man who seemed quite pleasant. He told us that he was just in the process of piercing another girl's clitoral hood and that we could watch if we wanted to. He took us to the back of the shop and there was a girl, about my age, spread wide on a table and totally naked. Standing next to her head was a young man holding her hand.
"Hi," everyone said, the girl and the young man obviously not bothered that she was totally naked.
We watched the man get on with piercing her clit, John having done his usual of standing half behind me and reaching round me and holding one of my tits, but this time over my thin dress.
I felt John cringe a little when the needle went through the girl's hood and I wondered if I'd have enough of my hood left to be pierced like that after my operation the next Monday. Would I even want my new hood to be pierced? Would John want my new hood to be pierced? I decided not to think about it until I saw my new pussy.
As I watched the man push a sleeper through the hole that he's just made I noticed that the girl's vagina was leaking and I thought,
"Yes, I'd be enjoying all that attention if I was you, I wonder if I'll leak when I'm getting my nipples done?"
I looked up the girl and saw that she had barbells through her nipples and that they looked hard.
"Yes, definitely enjoying the attention." I thought.
The man stood back to look at his work and he wasn't the only one looking at her pussy. The man got a mirror for the girl to see herself and I saw another trickle of her juices escape from her vagina.
Everyone seemed pleased with the man's work and the girl just lay there with her legs still spread wide as the man explained what she had to do to prevent the wound from getting infected then she finally swung her legs over the side of the table, sat up and jumped down.
"Now be very gentle down there for at least a week, until there is no pain. Okay?" The man said to the young man knowing that he'd want to get his hands on her pussy as quick as he could.
As the girl was putting just a dress on I was taking my dress off and climbing onto the table, automatically spreading my legs as I did so, even though it wasn't necessary. Everyone seemed to be looking at the naked me and I felt my nipples and my pussy tingle.
"Right young lady, just your nipples isn't it? Back in a minute, I'll just settle up with this couple."
The other couple and the man went to the front of the shop leaving just John and me.
"Did you notice that the other girl and her boyfriend weren't bothered that we were seeing her naked Jade?" John quietly asked.
"Yes I did, you are definitely right when you say that it's okay for girls to be seen naked by men, she wasn't at all bothered was she?"
"No she wasn't."
"I don't understand why most girls get all shy about it, I love being seen naked by men, it makes my pussy tingle and that's a nice thing."
John gave my un-pierced nipples one last tweak causing them to go even harder, then stepped back just as the man returned.
"Right, just nipples it is young lady, they are perfect for piercing, nice and proud. Have you decided what metal you want the sleepers to be?"
"Titanium." John replied.
"A good choice sir, expensive but one of the best for the job. Right, give me a second to get ready."
I looked up at John and mouthed the words,
"I love you."
John squeezed my hand and I felt a trickle of my juices escape from my vagina.
I felt another trickle as the man prepared my nipples. Another man's hands on my tits felt good even though they were about to inflict some pain on me. Surprisingly, there was only the feeling of a pin prick as I watched the needle got through my first nipple but I felt a little weird as the sleeper was pushed through the hole.
It was the same with my other nipple and before I knew it the job was finished and the man was telling us how to stop the wounds from getting infected. When he had finished talking I saw him look down at my pussy that was still spread open.
"You have a perfect clitoral hood for piercing young lady, are you sure that you don't want it doing, you saw how easy it was and how little pain there was?"
It was John that replied for me,
"We're going for some cosmetic surgery next week, a hoodectomy amongst other things, when it's all healed up she'll decide on a hood ring then."
"Fair enough, I hope that it all goes well next week then. Now, can I show you the barbells and rings that I have?"
"Yes please." John replied, then he looked at me and said,
"Come on Jade, you have to decide what you want."
I swung my legs round, got off the table and followed John and the man to the front of the shop. It was only when the man was getting another tray of rings out that I realised that I was naked in the front of the shop and people were walking passed outside. I felt my pussy get a little wetter as I turned to look to see if anyone was looking in. They weren't.
John bought me some lovely barbells, D rings, rings and things that I will be able to hang from my nipples when they heal. It was only when John was paying the man that John suggested that I go and get my dress and put it on. As I did so I was pleased that I had chosen a loose fitting dress. I got a twinge of pain when the material caught on one of the sleepers.
"Just shout at me to stop if I grab your tits when I fuck you during the next few days Jade." John said as we walked back to the car.
"Don't worry John, you'll know about it if you hurt me."
I interlocked my fingers with John's as I rode him that night before going to sleep.
*****