"Honey I'm home." Sarah called as she walked through the door, juggling her laptop bag and a couple of shopping bags.
"I'm out the back." Chris called from the deck of the pool where he was skimming some leaves from the surface of the water. He put the skimmer down and turned to walk inside as Sarah emerged on to the patio.
"Looks like you're ready to start your weekend." Sarah said as she embraced Chris and gave him a kiss on the mouth, "Give me a minute to change and I will join you."
Chris had been home for most of the afternoon, his last client call for the week had cancelled so he decided to give himself a longer weekend. He had dispensed with the suit and tie and changed into a pair of speedo bathers and singlet top. His toned muscles showing that he took pride in his fitness. Sarah's eyes dropped to his groin to take in the view of the bulge in his speedos, Sarah loved the look of his sizeable cock barely hidden behind the thin material around his groin. The only view that would be better would be if he were naked and she planned on that happening soon.
"No rush, we have all weekend." Chris replied.
"Yes, and I want to make the most of it with the Clare away." Sarah replied as she turned to return to the house, "First, I have something to show you."
Chris and Sarah had two children, their eldest Caleb 22 had left home when he was 20, the youngest Clare was living at home while she finished University, if coming home for fresh clothes, a bed and the occasional meal can be counted as living at home.
"Oh, will I like it?" Chris asked as he placed the skimmer on the pool deck and walked to Sarah and gave her a welcome home kiss.
"Knowing you like I do I'm certain you will like it."
Sarah took Chris' hand and led him inside.
"I bought a new outfit for tomorrow night, hope you don't mind."
"You don't want to keep it a surprise?"
"No, I want your opinion in case I need to change it in the morning."
"I'm sure I will like it. I always like what you buy."
Sarah stopped to pick up the bag from where she had put it down before walking towards the bedroom.
"Can you get us a drink while I go to the toilet and put this on?" said asked.
"Sure. Wine?" Chris replied.
"Sounds perfect."
Chris selected a bottle of 2015 Malbec from the wine rack and poured two glasses before heading for the bedroom to join Sarah.
"Wait there, I'll be out in a second." Sarah called from the ensuite. Chris placed the wine glasses on the bedside table and sat on the edge of the bed as he waited for Sarah to emerge from the ensuite.
"What do you think?" Sarah asked, as she stepped out of the ensuite, arms raised in a cat walk model way so Chris could examine her new dress. His eyes popped and mouth dropped open.
"I'm speechless." Chris eventually managed to say when he managed to close his mouth.
"That bad." Sarah pouted.
"The complete opposite. It is stunning. You are stunning." Chris assured her.
Sarah was wearing the sexiest dress she had ever dared to select for a night out at the theatre, it was a halter neck style in dark green*. The high waisted band wrapped her body half way between her breasts and waist, two 15cm wide panels of material were attached to the band, separated by a 5cm gap. Straight sided from the waist band to the lower edge of her breasts, they were shaped to form triangles as they gathered behind her neck. The skirt of the dress hung loosely to her ankles, Sarah was standing with her left heel raised so her knee was bent forward and right foot was slightly behind her centre of gravity so her heel was of the floor. Her shapely and toned left leg was peeking through a split that went all the way to the waist band Chris noticed her right leg was also exposed by a split to the waist band. He could see the valley that formed between her left leg and her pubic mound through the slit as well as her hip bone and wondered if Sarah had any knickers on underneath the dress. There was no sign of a band over her hip.
His cock twitched at the thought that she may be sans knickers and intended to stay this way when wearing the dress. He had been trying to get Sarah to ditch her everyday use of knickers for the entire 35 years they had been together with little success. She only occasionally obliged although he had recently convinced her to sleep naked which was a start.
His gaze drifted slowly up Sarah's body as he took in the view of her cleavage. Sarah's breasts had always captured Chris' attention. They had been AA cup sized when they first met and he had watch them mature to now sit between a B and C cup in size. Sarah had always avoided bras and mostly wore soft cup bralettes if she needed any support, however she had no choice but to go without under this dress. Chris could see the outline of her nipples in the soft fabric and could tell they were dangerously close to the edge of the material.
"Do you really like it?" Sarah asked as she did a twirl on the high heel sandals she had paired the dress with. If she had looked at how the bulge in his speedos had grown she would know the answer, she was too nervous to see his reaction to such a daring dress that she didn't dare look away from Chris' face until she turned her back to him.
Chris saw that the back of the dress stopped at her waist, her back was bare from the halter tie at her neck to the top of her hips. As she turned he also saw that the top of the dress did nothing to cover the sides of her breasts, the material barely reaching a third of the way from her nipple to her armpit. If she didn't slip out at the front, she was well exposed at the sides with the whole side of her breast enticingly on view.
"I love it." Chris said as he handed Sarah her wine.
"Truly?" Sarah queried as she took her glass.
"Would this lie to you?" Chris asked as he took Sarah's empty hand and placed it on the rock hard bulge his cock made in his speedos. He made sure Sarah's palm would rest on the head of his cock which was exposed above the waistband of his pants.
Sarah grinned as she felt the bare skin of his cock on her palm, "No. This is proof of how much you like it."
"So what are you wearing under it?" Chris asked, hoping he knew the answer already.
"This." Sarah said as she lifted the front panel of the dress to the side to reveal a naked and perfectly bald pussy. Chris' eyes popped again. He had been asking to wax Sarah's pussy bald for the past few months since it had been over a year since she last let him do it. Although Sarah liked to keep her vulva hair free she preferred to keep a small patch of her dark red locks on the mound above her pussy.
"I like your underwear." Chris said as his cock grew harder still.
"I thought you might like me bare again."
"You know I do. I could have done it for you."
"That would have spoilt the surprise." Sarah grinned as she reached out and stroked Chris' cock, making sure to pull the material of his bathers down so his cock was freed.
"I do like the surprise." Chris replied as he tried to reach out and touch Sarah's bald pussy.
"Uh, uh." Sarah said as she pushed his hand aside, "Fashion show isn't over." she stepped out of Chris' reach and back into the ensuite before shutting the door.
Moments later Sarah returned to the bedroom in a white bikini#. Chris couldn't believe his cock could get any harder, but it did. His first thought was Sarah may as well be naked as wear this bikini, not that he was complaining. The top was a regulation triangle string bikini top, to Chris' eyes it looked a little smaller than her other triangle bikinis as it exposed the swell of her breasts on all three sides but that wasn't what caught Chris' eye about the top. The white material was sheer and he could clearly see the shadow of her dark nipples and areola under the material.
His eyes dropped to her stomach, then to her pubic mound and finally to her new bikini bottom. He now saw why Sarah had needed to gat her pubic hair waxed, she was naked to the top of her clit hood. A small white patch of material that wasn't even large enough to cover her pubic triangle struggled to cover her vulva. Chris could see the shape of her pussy through the material, including the outline of her outer lips as well as a shadow of her delicious slit. Thin strings ran up and over her hips. Sarah did another twirl, still wearing her new high heels. Her perfect firm arse came into view, bare except for the string that ran around Sarah's hips and a tiny vertical string that disappeared at the top of her cheeks. With her hips thrust forward by the high heels Chris could see through her thigh gap and that the string parted her outer lips at her perineum. He imaged what her dark pink backdoor looked like. Her back was bare except the three strings wrapped around at her waist, mid-back and neck.
"What do you think." Sarah asked as she turned to face Chris again.
"Very nice, as long as you are comfortable with it being..." he wanted to say 'so skimpy' but opted for "a little sheer."
"Is being a little sheer a problem?" Sarah asked.
"No. I'm fine with sheer." Chris answered, "So where are you going to wear this?"
"Anywhere and everywhere." Sarah replied as she took a sip of her wine, "In fact as we are heading out to the pool I might leave it on now."
Chris was left flat footed as he watched Sarah's arse rise and fall as she walked from the bedroom in her new bikini and high heels. Chris pushed his speedos from his hips, letting them drop to the floor, and followed Sarah in just his singlet top and cock leading the way.
Sarah walked straight to the pool deck and Chris stopped to pick up the wine bottle. When he joined her at the pool she had removed her high heels and had her left foot resting beside her right knee as she sat on the sun lounge. The position of her left leg providing an unobstructed view of her barely covered pussy. Chris now saw that the string between her thighs separated her vulva just in front of her vagina, he could also see that it separated both her inner and outer lips. He could see that Sarah was already very wet.
He sat the wine bottle on a table between their sun lounges and sat on the empty one. His hard cock sticking up from his lap.
"I'm glad you like my new dress." Sarah said.
"I like your new bikini too."
"That was a given, but I know you would prefer it if I didn't wear one at all."
"Well in our back yard you can wear whatever you want." Chris said as he took a sip of wine.
"I've been thinking about that, this might be the most I wear around the pool for the rest of the summer." Sarah let that comment hang in the air as she took a sip of her wine.
They talked about their day as best they could with Chris distracted by Sarah's near nudity. Chris' cock didn't seem to distract Sarah as much. When Sarah had finished her third glass of wine, the bottle was empty, Chris went to get a second bottle. When he returned Sarah was in the pool swimming backstroke. At first glance Chris thought she had taken her bikini off as he could clearly see her nipples and areola on her pert breasts, then he realised her bikini had turned all but invisible. Sarah saw that he had returned and she climbed out of the pool. Chris had an unobstructed view of her smooth pussy. His eyes popped again.
"What's wrong?" Sarah asked as she took her glass from him.
"Did you realise your bikini goes see-through when wet?"
"Of course." Sarah smiled as she sat down and sipped on her fourth glass of wine, "Is that a problem?"
"Not for me. You know I would love to see you naked more often."
"Don't you see enough of me naked already?"
"Well now that Clare is out so much I was hoping our wearing clothes would become much less frequent." Chris admitted as he took a sip of his wine.
"We'll see." Sarah replied with a smile on her face.
Chris ordered pizza for dinner. When it arrived, Sarah offered to collect it from the door, her reasoning being Chris' lack of bathers, Chris knew she was tipsy when she offered to answer the door, exhibitionism was a symptom for Sarah. He couldn't imagine her ever volunteering to be seen in public in the skimpy bikini without a few drinks under her belt, although he hoped anywhere and everywhere meant what it implied. When Sarah returned with the pizza she had shed her bikini.
"Where did the bikini go?" Chris queried, not that he was complaining.
"I took it off so I don't get food on it." Sarah said as she sat on her lounge chair naked. She sat cross legged facing Chris giving him a clear view of her exposed clit and pussy lips. He noticed a sparkle between her lips.
"What do we have here?" Chris asked, leaning forward to have a closer look and almost falling off his lounge.
"Do you like it?" Sarah asked as she held her pussy open for Chris to look.Attached to her clit hood was a gold clamp^, hanging from it was a stack of 4 gold beads of increasing size dangling over her wet lips. She had taken the time receiving the pizza to attach some new jewellery to her pussy.
"Very nice. Are you doing some research?" another of Chris' fantasies was to one day convince Sarah that some intimate piercings would look good on her.
"No. I found a way to play to your fantasy and not get my pussy stuck like a pin cushion." Sarah laughed.
"Any other surprises?" Chris asked.
"Perhaps, but you-oh will need to wait to find out. A girl can't give away all her surprises in one go-oh." Sarah said as Chris tugged gently on the dangle.
"Eat your pizza before it gets cold." Sarah said as she swatted his hand away from her pussy.
"I know what I would rather be eating." Chris commented.
"Well eat your pizza while it is hot." Sarah repeated, "And you might get dessert."
"Yes please." Chris replied enthusiastically, he loved the flavour of Sarah's sweet pussy.
After they had finished their pizza, and second bottle of Malbec, Chris cleared the rubbish away and returned with a third bottle.
"You know you don't have to get me drunk to get into my pussy." Sarah stated.
"You don't have to drink it." Chris replied.
"I do if you pour it." Sarah stated as she picked up her refilled glass and took a sip, "So are you ready for dessert?"
"Thought you would never ask." Chris grinned as he looked between Sarah's legs as she sat with her feet tucked up under her arse.
"You know I'm always ready at this time of the month." Sarah replied as she reached out to Chris' cock and stroked it, "So what are you waiting for?" Sarah swung her butt around on the lounge chair and straightened her legs out.
Chris needed no further encouragement and moved to the foot of her lounge before shifting her feet apart so he could move between her legs. He ran his fingers up the inside of her left leg to the top of her thigh, then down her right leg to her ankle, being careful to not touch her vulva. Although he leant forward and breathed his hot breath against her wet lips. He ran his tongue up the inside of each upper thigh, the only thing touching Sarah's pussy being his hair as he teased her.
"Stop teasing me and give me your cock." Sarah pleaded.
"What's the rush?" Chris asked as he ran his tongue up her wet lips until it reached her new jewellery.
"Because I have been thinking about it all day." Sarah replied.
"Have you now?"
"Yes, I had to get myself off twice so I could concentrate on work."
Chris' cock jumped at the thought of Sarah fingering herself to an orgasm, not once, but twice in the office toilets. Well he assumed she didn't do it at her desk.
"Should I remove this?" Chris asked as he tugged on the jewellery attached to Sarah's clit hood.
"Yes." Sarah replied. Chris turned his attention to carefully removing the clip from her sensitive folds before returning to licking along her soaking lips. When his tongue reached her clit he pushed the hood back with his teeth and lifted her clit into his mouth with the tip of his tongue before sucking on the bundle of nerves.
"Your cock please, I need something inside me now."
Chris ran his right index finger along her pussy from perineum to her waiting opening, when he pressed the tip against her hole it slipped inside without resistance, he sucked her clit while licking her little hole around his finger. Sarah purred as his fingertip found her g-spot and applied pressure.
"OK, that will do for now." Sarah sighed as she pushed her hips up and her pussy into Chris' mouth. Chris slipped two more fingers inside her slick tunnel and caressed her g-spot as he sucked and licked her pussy.
Sarah cupped her breasts in her hands and twirled her nipples as Chris attended to her pussy, she was moving towards her much needed first orgasm with each passing moment. Chris' internal massage driving her towards the release she knew Chris would enjoy as much as she would. She spoke no words of this, she learnt long ago that Chris desired her cum in his mouth so just went with the desires that built in her body with no concern about peeing on him as she still felt she did when she squirted her girl cum. Chris had assured her many times it was far too sweet to be pee.
Chris sucked her clit hard, Sarah could feel it swelling in his mouth and knew it would stay puffy after she came for at least as long as he sucked on it before hand. Chris had once sucked her for an hour before they went ten pin bowling and she had felt her clit between her legs with every movement. Tonight all she wanted was to be used and to give pleasure to her man. Chris scoped his fingers along the front of her vagina and sucked her clit hard. Sarah's body tensed up as she felt the urge to bear down, she knew she was about to cum and that she would be squirting her girl cum.
Chris tasted the first drop of Sarah's girl cum mix with her sweet juices of arousal, he rubbed inside her vagina quicker and harder as he sucked her clit. He closed his teeth and lips gently around the nub until he felt Sarah respond and held her clit tight as he sucked. Her hips bucked, she let out a muffled scream of joy and he followed her body as she came hard on his fingers and filled his mouth with her girl cum. Her orgasm continued for nearly a minute as she shot squirt after squirt of liquid into his mouth, he drank it all.
"Honey. Break please." Sarah eventually managed to say as she tried to move her pussy away from Chris' mouth and hand as he continued to pleasure her. He obliged by letting her clit go before reluctantly sliding his fingers from her now well lubed vagina.
Sarah had slumped down in the lounge chair as she came, she pushed herself back up to a more sitting position.
"OK, that was good for now." Sarah panted as she took a sip of wine.
"I hope there will be more." Chris said as he returned to his lounge. He took a sip of his wine while running his right hand up and down Sarah's leg. She shivered a nice shiver from the touch.
"Oh yeah. There will be more." Sarah replied, "Right now I need to get my breath back."
"OK, you rest and I'll take a quick dip." Chris told her as he stood up and removed his singlet top. His long thick cock point upwards from his groin. Sarah noticed a bead of moisture about to drip from his tip, she wiped the pre-cum off with her finger before taking it to her mouth and sucking. She knew that Chris' arousal was as visual as it was physical and hoped that her new dress would have the same impact on him for their night out.
He walked to the pool's edge and jumped in before doing some easy laps of the pool. Sarah watch his arse or cock, whichever was pointing skyward, as he lapped the pool. She could feel her desire for having him inside her start to grow as she sipped on her wine and allowed her left hand to explore her still pulsing pussy. Her clit becoming puffy and sensitive as she liked it. She closed her eyes dreaming of the weekend ahead.
---
Sarah woke to the sensation of water dripping on her upper thighs, she opened her eyes to see Chris standing over her and dripping water along her legs. He saw her eyes open slowly.
"Welcome back sleepy head." Chris said as Sarah became aware of where she was.
"What happened?" Sarah asked as she fought the urge to pee the the dripping water had coursed.
"You fell asleep."
"What time is it?"
"Quarter to 12."
"And you have been doing what for the past hour?"
"Well when I wasn't swimming, I was perving on your pussy and thinking about being inside you."
"Mmm, that sounds like a nice idea. So what stopped you?"
"I didn't want to take advantage of a slight inebriated naked woman."
"So, you know the rules, if my pussy is bare..." Sarah began.
"My cock is welcome inside it." Chris finished.
Initially a way for Sarah to signal to Chris that she was in the mood or he had free access to her pussy when she wanted to be naughty around her family, she would leave her knickers off. Later when she had keep her vulva permanently hair free it became a statement that he could take her any where and time he wanted, regardless of if she had knickers on or not, as her pussy was permanently bare.
"So what are you waiting for?" Sarah asked, spreading her legs to give Chris better access to her pussy.
"How about a swim first?" Chris asked with a smile. Sarah knew where this was going and stood up with a wobble, she knew she was drunk from all the wine but didn't care. Chris helped her to the deep end of the pool and they pin dropped in together. Chris lifting Sarah up to the surface so she didn't drown with his hands on her arse cheeks and breasts squashed against his chest. The tip of his hard cock resting against her pussy. Sarah wrapped her legs around Chris' waist and he eased her down until his pole. Sarah's vagina was so wet that he slipped inside her without resistance.
"Mmm, fill me up with your cum." Sarah purred as she rested her chin on his shoulder. In the water Sarah was weightless to Chris as he thrust his cock up inside her wet, pulsing pussy. He pulled her butt cheeks apart so his right index finger could trace the line of her crack from her lower back down to her dark hole. He pressed the finger tip against it and felt Sarah's muscles respond.
"Yes, later if you get me drunk." Sarah said as she wriggled her butt on his finger. Chris squeezed his pelvic muscles making his cock twitch inside Sarah's vagina as she squeezed him back.
"Not now?" Chris asked.
"I'm not drunk yet." Sarah replied. He knew she liked anal from the many times she had allowed Chris in that hole, she just had to be really relaxed to let him in.
Chris pumped his cock in and out of her pulsing vagina as his need to cum grew. Sarah was not so drunk as to miss the signs of Chris' impending orgasm and reached between them to rub her clit. She wanted to cum again and do it on Chris' cock.
Chris pushed as high as he could go in Sarah's vagina and held his cock against her cervix. He felt Sarah's muscles contract and ripple against his cock pushing him over the edge and he shot stream after stream of cum deep inside his hot wife. Sarah felt his hot cum splash against her cervix which was enough for her to respond with her own orgasm as she responded to each stream of cum hitting her inside. She collapsed against Chris' chest as her second body shaking orgasm flooded her body.
When Chris was done filling his wife with cum he gently moved them to the shallow end of the poll, his cock still hard enough to act as a lift point while inside her pussy until the force of gravity became more than the buoyancy of the water. He pulled his cock from Sarah's vagina as he set her feet on the pool floor and they walked out of the pool, his cum dripping from Sarah's well pleasured pussy.
"That was nice." Sarah said as she managed to sit on the lounge, "I need to rest again, but feel free to wake me if I fall asleep."
"Deal." Chris said. It was now past midnight yet the air was still warm so they allowed their bodies to air dry as they rested.
---
Chris felt his balls being tugged as his eyes opened.
"Oh ghood. You'resh awake." Sarah slurred, "I shneed shome morse."
"More wine?" Chris said sleepily.
"Nose, I'm drunk shenough. I shneed morse of yur cuck."
Chris smiled at this news, he knew Sarah trusted him implicitly so her being drunk was not a moral issue for him, and he knew she would now allow him to give her anal. He picked Sarah up, her 160cm size 8 frame only weighed 50kg, and carried her to their bed. He knew this would be the last fuck for the night with Sarah so drunk.
"Fucksh me." Sarah slurred as she tried to stroke his hard cock, failing to find it in her alcohol blurred state,
Chris climbed on the bed beside her and she tried to grab his cock again, this time connecting and pulling him to her mouth, Chris allowed her to suck his cock into her mouth before moving to a 69 position so he could eat her pussy. He sucked her already erect clit into his mouth and sucked more blood into it. She would know he had pleasured her bundle of nerves for hours when she woke up.
He slipped four fingers into her wet vagina and started to massage her passage. There combined juices from earlier making a very suitable lubricant. He could feel Sarah humming around his cock as he felt her slide him into her throat. He felt his cock head being massaged as she swallowed rhythmically, his cock grew with each movement. Sarah's vagina started to copy her throat movements as they squeezed his fingers, Chris manoeuvred his thumb into her opening and balled his hand into a fist as he stretched Sarah's pussy. Her muscles relaxed and his fist slipped inside until it came to rest pressing on her g-spot.
"Oh, thats feels nicesh." Sarah slurred around his cock.
"Enjoy it." Chris replied before returning to her clit and sucking hard. His aim to at least equal his record of getting her clit to 3cm in length. She'd stayed puffy all the next day when he'd done that and she had two clit orgasms during the day while walking around.
The combination of his fist stretching her vagina and rubbing her g-spot and his clit sucking soon had Sarah spraying her girl cum down Chris' throat again, he held back as best he could from having his own orgasm as he had other plans for his cum than down her throat.
Sarah's orgasm racked her body until her pussy eventually managed to push Chris' fist from inside her vagina. Sarah squealing in pleasure and pain at the sudden stretch in her outer muscles and the squirt of liquid that accompanied it. Her teeth grazed Chris' cock in a good way that almost made him cum as she rode her waves of pleasure.
Sarah's body was exhausted and she rolled on her side with her knees tucked up. This opened her butt crack to Chris and he rolled in behind her as he lined his still rigid cock up with her dark hole. When he made contact, Sarah's immediate response was to tense up so he slide his cock into her well used pussy with force making Sarah gasp with the pleasure. He thrust into her vagina slowly until he felt her relax. Chris removed his now lubed cock from her pussy and again lined up on her tight butt hole. His cock came to rest on the puckered ring and Sarah squeezed her muscles, Chris waited.
Sarah relaxed her muscles and Chris pushed forward, his cock head opening Sarah's reluctant hole and slipping in until the ridge around his cock rested at her tight outer muscles. Sarah sighed as he felt her arse squeeze his cock then she relaxed again and he pushed another 5cm of his cock inside Sarah's anal canal before she clenched up again. When she relaxed he pulled his cock back until he felt her opening on his cock head then pushed in again. This time he managed 10cm of his cock inside Sarah's anal passage, she wriggled her arse against his cock, a sign she was ready.
Chris reached his fingers between Sarah's legs and moved some of her pussy juices to the yet to be inserted length of his shaft before gently thrusting in and out of Sarah's arse, each time she took a little more of his cock he would add more of her moisture to his shaft until he finally had all 18 cm of his cock inside her.
"Mmm, I really do like yours cock in my arsh." Sarah said, sounding a little less drunk. Sarah and Chris had discovered anal sex early on but Sarah was always worried his long, fat cock would hurt her, hence why she had to be drunk to let him try.
Chris gently pumped his cock in and out using his full length to please Sarah, his rear entry position also meant his cock occasionally rubbed through her vagina and put pressure on her g-spot.
"I love my cock in you anywhere." Chris purred as he felt the pleasure building in his balls, Sarah's deep throating had him so close to coming he didn't know how long he would hold out.
Sarah's muscles worked against the invader going the wrong way and the rhythmic movement soon had Chris desperate to offload his cum.
"Sarah, I need to cum."
"Do it baby. Fill my arse with your cum."
Chris gripped Sarah's hips and thrust his cock deep in her bowels, his balls tightened and his cock pulsed as he shot his second load for the night deep inside Sarah's body. Feeling Chris' hot seed inside her bowels pushed Sarah over the edge and she had her third orgasm for the night before her muscles managed to expel Chris' cock.
Chris left his cock nestled between Sarah's cheeks as he cuddled her from behind. His arm wrapped over her hip and hand cradling her soft breast. He nuzzled her neck as she wriggled her butt against his still firm cock.
"I love you baby."
"Love you too honey."
They cuddled until they had recovered enough to move. Sarah went to the toilet and relieved herself followed by Chris. they then had a quick shower to clean up a little before returning to bed. Sarah lay on her side facing away from Chris and he spooned in behind her. His cock, the softest it had been for over 6 hours, was nestled between the top of Sarah's thighs and her pussy. He could feel her heat on his shaft. He started to harden again.
"I need to sleep for a bit, but if you need to use my pussy do so. I just won't be responding." Sarah said as she wriggled her butt against Chris' cock, she put her hand at her pussy and caressed both her clit and the head of Chris' cock at the same time.
Chris wrapped his arm over her hip and cupped her breast again while pinching her nipple, "You can count on finding something in your pussy when you wake up." Chris told her as he kissed her neck and pulled her tight against his chest.
Chris knew if it wasn't his cock in her pussy in the morning it would be a fresh cum deposit as he had done countless times in the past, not counting the number of times he had come on her arse while dreaming.
------
* Biosphere dress by Wicked Weasel
# Sheer vision tri top and micro bottom bikini by Wicked Weasel
^ Weighted non-piercing VCH clip by Why Bee Normal