How is it that some guys get lucky with women all the time? For Burt Olsen, luck has nothing to do with it. In The Floating Threesome he figured out a perfect way to persuade lots of women to have sex. The story unfolds in 11 short chapters. Burt makes his final choice in Chapter 9.
.........................................
The boat was almost ready. A sign painter came to the shop and put our sponsors' logos on the hulls. Jack complained that it ruined the appearance of his beautiful creation. "You are looking at this the wrong way," I said. "Think of all the race cars you've seen. Those cars are blanketed with logos. When people see that, what goes through their mind is 'Zoom Zoom Zoom!' That's what you want them to think."
"You make a good point," Jack said. "Since I don't have any choice, I'll try to look at it like that."
Taylor came into the office a bit later. She had made a great deal of progress on our social media promotions, and she was anxious to announce a departure date for the cruise. "When are we leaving, Burt?" she asked.
I took a deep breath and told her what happened, trying to be as honest and direct as possible. "Taylor, something completely unexpected has happened. I'm afraid I'm going to make this cruise with someone else. I fully intended to go with you, but our new sponsors made their contributions on the condition that I go with a woman who is a celebrity."
I told her about Maddy and her career as an Olympic athlete, including the fact that Maddy was the one who got all those corporate sponsorships in the first place. "I still want you to work on our promotions," I said. "And I'll make sure you are the model we use in our print ads. With all these donations, we'll be able to buy full-page ads in all the boating magazines. I'm sorry, Taylor. I know this has got to be a big disappointment. It happened in a way that was a complete surprise to me."
Taylor sat there silently. She was stunned. For months, I'd given her every reason to believe that this would be her first modeling opportunity. Her eyes began to well up with tears, but she did not start to cry.
"Does Maddy want to be a model?" Taylor asked.
"Yes. She's trying to find new things to do since she decided to stop competing in gymnastics. She's done modeling for the Olympics, and she wants to do more on her own. I think she wants to work getting sponsorships for other people. But she's got something that is very valuable. She's famous. That gold medal opens lots of doors. I'm sure you understand that having her appear in our online promotions will attract a lot of attention."
"Yes. Yes, it will," Taylor said. "Is she cute, at least? The plan was to have a crew of two hot people with a lot of sex appeal. What does she look like?"
I got out my phone and showed her a photo of Maddy adjusting the rigging as we sailed my boat. "She'll do," Taylor said. "She's got a nice girl-next-door vibe. If the girl-next-door is an elite athlete. She has very nice muscles. She'll photograph well."
"You have proven your value to me, Taylor," I said. "I promise I will keep looking for ways to include you in what we're doing. But you won't be the one to go on this cruise."
Taylor got an odd look on her face. I wondered if she was about to jump up and beat the crap out of me. She shook her head, looked me in the eye, and began telling me one of the most mind-blowing things I've ever heard.
"Burt, you've got this wrong. You've got to take me. It's settled. I've got to go on this cruise."
.............................................
I called Maddy, and she invited me to drive to her house and introduce her to Taylor. I didn't say much about what we needed to discuss, but she could tell it was important. "Wow. You're very pretty," Maddy said when she was introduced. "I think you're the prettiest girl I've met since I moved to Miami."
That was the right thing to say. Taylor never gets tired of hearing how gorgeous she is. "That is very gracious, Maddy," Taylor said. "You're pretty cute yourself."
She took us outside to the patio next to her pool and gave us each a cold bottle of water. "I'm dying to know what this is about," Maddy said.
"Let's start by saying that Taylor has been involved in our project for a long time. Months. She's very good with social media, and she's the reason we've gotten so much attention already. She's a wonderful entrepreneur."
"Not just a pretty face," Taylor said.
"Maddy, before I met you, I was pretty sure that Taylor would be going on the cruise with me," I said. "This morning I told her that you're going instead."
"Oh dear," Maddy said. "I had no idea I was competing with anyone. I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry," Taylor said. "I always knew that Burt had to consider a lot of different women. When you advertise a modeling job, there's always a big response. It's part of the business."
"Still, I had no idea I was doing something that would end up disappointing anybody. You must have been very unhappy to get this news."
"That's the thing, Maddy. Nobody needs to be disappointed. I should go on the cruise with you and Burt. It's the best thing for everybody."
"Uh... I don't follow," Maddy said.
"It's simple. I'm sure you've heard Burt talk about the importance of sex in boat advertisements. I'm sure you've heard him say that a lot of people get boats because they think it will help them score with girls."
"I may have heard that one or two million times," Maddy said.
"It's absolutely true. I've looked at a lot of ads and promotions for sailboats, and they almost always include images of sexy men and women. It was always crucial that this thing look like a sex cruise, with two hot people in one hot boat taking a tour of the sexiest places on earth.
"Adding a second girl to the equation makes the whole thing much more effective. Think about it. If our photos include pictures of one sexy man with two sexy girls, it will give the impression that the whole trip is a floating threesome.
"The web will explode with interest. People will check our platforms every day to look for suggestions of romantic shenanigans. And we'll give them plenty to look at. We can upload the most suggestive text and photos imaginable, and I've got a pretty good imagination. Does this make sense to you?"
Maddy was quiet for a second. "You're absolutely right. It makes the cruise a much bigger deal for an online audience. Wow. I like it. We'll be famous. Sort of famous. I'd watch that. Make them wonder who's getting laid, and by who."
"Whom," I said.
"Yes Dad," Maddy said. "It's going to take me a little while to wrap my head around this, but I see exactly what you mean. Gee, this makes the cruise a bigger deal. I'd worried that not enough people would care. I'm not worried anymore. I can tell you that the sponsors are going to love this idea."
We talked about it for a while. I could tell that both women were also wrapping their heads around the idea that I'd obviously been intimate with both of them. I hoped it helped that I explained to Maddy that all this happened before we met. They didn't say anything, but that means nothing. It would be a while before I found out what they really thought.
"The boat is almost ready, and we don't have a lot of time before our cruise," I said. "Jack is arranging to put it in the water Friday. He and Mary are going to take it out Saturday. He's worried that he might have screwed up something he'll need to fix, but I've been through this before, and I'm sure this is just Jack's obsessive-compulsive disorder kicking in. The boat will be fine, and so will Jack. Can you ladies be ready for a cruise Sunday? We need to get familiar with the boat and each other."
"I'm in," Taylor said.
"Me too," said Maddy. "But I have a suggestion. Can we stop calling it 'the boat' all the time? It's got a name. It's theVanguard. Can we call itVanguardstarting today?"
"Great suggestion," I said. "On Sunday we sail on theVanguard."
.....................................................
"That has got to be the sexiest boat I've ever seen," Maddy said.
She was right. TheVanguardlooked like the biggest collection of sensuous curves since the days of Marilyn Monroe. Oh. My. God. I don't think there was a straight line anywhere except the deck, which was flat because it had to be. The hulls were curved. The roof was curved. The trampoline - that's the netted area in front of the cabin - was a trapezoid.
The mast was straight but didn't look like it because the sail was an advanced new shape that looked like something transported down from the starshipEnterprise. The windshield was a piece of curved plexiglass. When you looked at theVanguard, what you thought was 'Zoom Zoom Zoom.' That's what I thought, anyway.
"What is all this stuff?" Taylor said. "I've never seen anything like this cockpit."
It was true.Vanguardwas equipped with every piece of high-tech equipment available. Jack hadn't planned to outfit his boat with such expensive stuff, but then Maddy got the biggest manufacturers in the business to donate cash and equipment. We had to use it all, of course. That was part of the sponsorship deals. I had literally never seen so much amazing stuff in a boat like theVanguard. It was equipped like a billionaire's yacht.
"It's going to take some time to learn how to use everything," Maddy said. "We're going to have to spend a lot of hours getting used to it."
"Then let's get to it," I said.
Maddy cast us off, jumped on the hull, then scrambled up to the deck. I turned on the engine for the first time. It was almost silent. Jack had come up with an elegant design that featured an electric jet boat motor in the back of each hull. A dial on the control panel said that the solar panels had fully charged the lithium batteries that powered it all. I am not exaggerating when I say I have never seen a boat move more smoothly thanVanguard. There was no wash from propellers because there were no propellers. The engines discharged jets of water through outlets under the water line. Everything was concealed. Wow. Wow wow wow.
"My Dad has a very nice boat, and it makes a lot more noise than this," Maddy said. "It's got a big diesel engine that is noisy and smelly. I like this better."
"We'll talk about it on our media platforms," Taylor said.
"Great idea," I said. "In the meantime, I am in love. This is like driving a Tesla on the ocean."
Maddy deployed the sails.Vanguardhad the standard configuration that featured a large sail - called the mainsail - and a smaller triangular sail in front - called the foresail. There are other ways to do it, but Jack wanted to make a vessel that was easy to operate. Rather than come up with some fancy and complicated arrangement, he used some equations to calculate the optimum size and shape for two easily controlled sails. I was anxious to see how it worked. Jack had some big smiles on his face when he and Mary got back to the shop Saturday, but they refused to say anything. "I'd rather you just see for yourself," he said.
It took about a nanosecond to discover thatVanguardwas blazingfast. "How is this possible!?" Maddy said. "This thing wants to fly! I've been on a bazillion different sailboats, and I never saw anything like this. How did Jack make it so fast?"
"He did several things," I said. "The main thing is he made the hulls conform to a shape that is unusually slippery. It's not easy to figure out what shape is best. Jack knows math, OK? It's even harder to turn the concept into fiberglass. But that's what makes Jack such a genius. He can do things ordinary people can't do.
"He madeVanguardvery light. You'll notice all kinds of things made of light materials. The bed is an air mattress. And he put the heavy stuff inside the hulls to giveVanguarda low center of gravity. The lithium batteries. The water tank. The engines. All these things are down below the waterline. And I know he made a special effort to minimize drag. For example, most boats have propellers, and propellers cause drag.Vanguardis a jet boat. No propellers. It all adds up to zoom zoom zoom."
"No shit!" Maddy said, turning to take advantage of the direction of the wind. "I love how it feels."
"That sounds like a good quote for our social media platform," Taylor said, taking out her cellphone and making notes.
"What? That people will love this?" I asked.
"No," Taylor said. "I liked how you said 'It all adds up to zoom zoom zoom.' I was pretty bored when you were talking about the shape of the hulls. 'Zoom zoom zoom' says the same thing, but better."
"Great," I said. "I'll try to be less boring in the future."
We spent the next few hours trying out the fancy equipment we'd all need to operate on the cruise. I knew how almost everything worked, although I'd never used such advanced and expensive stuff. Taylor and Maddy learned most of it quickly, and Maddy had the best grasp of how to optimize it all to go as fast as possible. It was obvious that she'd spend more time at the wheel than Taylor or me. It was also obvious that the equipment had features I knew nothing about. In the weeks before the cruise, I'd need to spend some time studying the manuals.
We finally got to a place where we all knew enough to sail theVanguard. I suggested we all relax with a cocktail before turning around and heading back to the marina. I knew Maddy and Taylor both enjoyed vodka martinis, so the ice chest contained all the ingredients. I had a hidden agenda. I wanted the women to be relaxed when I broached a delicate subject. We were half way through our drinks before I began.
"I feel awkward about something, and I want to talk about it so there are no misunderstandings," I said. "Taylor, Maddy, I'm sure you've figured out that I've been intimate with both of you. Now that the three of us are going on a long trip together, I think you are entitled to an explanation."
"Maddy, Taylor and I spent a lot of time together before I met you. I had decided that she was a very good choice for my crew. She picked up the basics of sailing very quickly, and when she got involved in creating our online promotional campaign, I learned what you are about to learn. Taylor is more than a pretty face. From the beginning, I wanted a beautiful woman who could help people imagine themselves finding romantic adventures by purchasing a sailboat. Well, look at her. She's perfect for that.
"Taylor, I gave you every reason to believe my decision was final. You must be wondering why I even agreed to interview Maddy. You should know that I had stopped interviewing applicants, but when Maddy got in touch with me I reconsidered.
"When I saw the photo of Maddy wearing an Olympic medal, it got my attention. When I thought about it, I doubted that Maddy would even want to make the cruise. I figured I'd take her sailing, tell her about the cruise, and she'd decide it wasn't the best use of her time. I'm not an Olympic fanboy or anything, but I thought it would be fun to get to know her. She's a remarkable woman.
"And she has shown that's true. What she's done finding sponsors is remarkable. Hell, it's miraculous. And she's a better sailor than either one of us. We all want this cruise to demonstrate theVanguardgoes as fast as a high-tech racing catamaran that costs a lot more money. I saw right away that she could make that happen.
"But none of this changes the fact that I feel embarrassed bringing together two women after being intimate with both of them. I'm sorry I put you in this situation. I've felt very lucky that both of you felt I was welcome in your beds. To be blunt, I think you are both out of my league."
There was a long pause. Then Taylor smiled. "So. We're out of your league. Burt, that was the right thing to say. If you were looking for a way to put me in a good mood, you found it. I don't think I'm out of your league, Burt, but it's a very nice thing to say.
"Maddy, I think Burt deserves credit for something. He managed not to say that I seduced him, and not the other way around. I decided pretty quickly that I liked Burt enough to sleep with him. He didn't initiate anything," Taylor said.
"Actually, it's the same with me," Maddy said. "I liked Burt immediately. After we went sailing, he drove me home and I invited him inside. I did that because I hoped I could get him to kiss me. And by kiss me, I mean I hoped he'd fuck my brains out. I initiated it. Burt, I think you're being too hard on yourself. I don't know how Taylor feels, but I didn't think we were in an exclusive relationship. I was hoping we were moving in that direction, but we've only known each other for a few weeks. I didn't think I had any reason to expect you weren't seeing other women."
"I should confess that I've been with other men since we became intimate," Taylor said. "I never thought we were exclusive. The only thing that's awkward is that Maddy and I know about each other now. If we'd never met, there'd be nothing wrong with what you did. There's no reason any of this should come between us."
Something about what Taylor said was... odd. She's a very smart woman. By now she had to know that I'd "interviewed" a lot of would-be models and that I led them all to believe they'd need to sleep with me if they wanted to go on the cruise. I certainly made that clear to Taylor. But she wasn't telling Maddy any of this. She seemed to be trying to make Maddy think my behavior seemed better than it was.
And then things got interesting. At the time, I thought it was something that unfolded naturally and spontaneously. But in retrospect, I'm almost sure that Taylor manipulated the situation to make it all happen.
"I think we need a refill, Burt," Taylor said, draining her glass. I mixed up more martinis and poured us all a second.
"I'm at a disadvantage here," Maddy said. "Both of you guys know all about me, but I don't know anything about you, Taylor. I know you seem like a fascinating person. I know you're good with social media. And I know you're beautiful. But I don't know anything else."
"Taylor is a fascinating person," I said. "I had good reasons for deciding she'd be good for the cruise."
"Well, let's not go overboard," Taylor said. "See what I did there? Overboard? We're on a boat?"
"Very droll," I said.
"Can I ask about you, Taylor?," Maddy said. "What do you do for a living?"
Uh oh. I wondered how Taylor would answer. She didn't like telling people she'd just met that she works as an exotic dancer. Some folks look down on people like Taylor. I was pretty sure Maddy wouldn't be judgemental, but you can't be certain with things like that.
"I guess you could call me an erotic entertainer. I sell erotic content online, especially on OnlyFans. I recently became a cam girl. But most of my income is from exotic dancing."
"Really? I've always been fascinated by that!" Maddy said. "A group of my girlfriends back home used to take me to a club with nude dancing. I loved it."
"I'll bet you loved it most after having a cocktail or three," Taylor said, smiling.
"Well, yeah. That was our favorite place to drink. I had a crush on one of the dancers there. I have no idea what her real name is, but she called herself Venus. My friends figured out that I liked her, and for my birthday they bought me a lapdance."
"How'd you like that?" Taylor said.
"It was... wow. I was pretty drunk, but it was great," Maddy said. "I went home and thought about it alot."
"And by 'thought about it,' I imagine that you mean you went home and drained the batteries of your vibrator, right?" Taylor asked, grinning broadly.
Maddy blushed. It was adorable. "Yeah. Pretty much," she said.
"I like it when groups of girls come to the club," Taylor said. "It changes the vibe. Girls are a lot more vocal and boisterous. Girls don't tip as well, but guys tip better when there are girls around. I think it's a way for them to show off."
"I've always imagined that dancing must be a fun way to make a living. Exciting," Maddy said.
"Honestly, I thought it was a blast at first. I liked being paid to do cardio every night. I liked getting so much attention from so many men. But I haven't felt that in a long time. Now it's just a job. It's getting drunks to think I like them, because that's the way to get the biggest tips. I was 19 when I moved down here from Ohio, and dancing was the only way I could earn enough money to get by," Taylor said.
"Maddy, I think you should know that Taylor isn't just 'getting by'. She lives in a very nice apartment in a very nice building in a very nice part of the city. Taylor is an entrepreneur," I said.
"That's what I'd like to be," Taylor said. "I'd like to be a mainstream model, but there's no shortage of pretty girls who want the same thing. I hope the work I do on this cruise convinces an agency to sign me."
"Yeah, I've had thoughts along those lines," Maddy said. "The Olympics had me do modeling for sponsors. Athletic wear. Stuff like that. I'd like to do more."
It got quiet for a moment. "You know, I used to think I'd like to try exotic dancing," Maddy said. "The club where I used to go had amateur nights. Girls who'd never done it would get up on stage and dance. The one who did best won a prize. I wanted to enter, but I never had the courage."
"You probably weren't drunk enough," Taylor said. "A lot of girls are hammered when they do that. Seeing a chick who's obviously drunk go up on stage and get naked is lots of fun. But you should know that the women who usually win those contests aren't really amateurs. They are pro dancers from out of town who are there for the prize money. It takes a certain amount of skill to do a sexy dance and look like you aren't a pro."
"Oh. That's disappointing. I thought those were ordinary girls," Maddy said.
"Some are. Miami is famous for having a lot of first-rate cosmetic surgeons," Taylor said. "When a girl gets implants, she wants to show them off. We get that a lot. A lot."
This went on for a while, with Taylor giving Maddy an inside look at the world of exotic dancing. Maddy seemed to be fascinated, and she asked for permission to go see Taylor dance sometime. In retrospect, I can see that Taylor was steering the conversation in a direction where she got Maddy to express an interest in learning the dance moves of professional strippers. "With your background in gymnastics, I'm sure you'd learn quickly," Taylor said.
"I don't know about that," Maddy said.
"There's one way to find out," Taylor said. She got out her cellphone, hit the music player app, and connected it to theVanguard'ssound system. Lots of people like to have parties on boats, so a good stereo is essential. Pretty soon a loud rock tune was blaring from the speakers. I recognized the lyrics of 'All Night Long' by a very forgettable 1980s hair band. I forgot the name of the band, but I looked it up. They were called Warrant, and 'All Night Long' was their only big hit. To be fair, it is an excellent tune for stripping. Taylor grabbed Maddy's arm and pulled her out on the deck. "Do what I do!" Taylor said.
She started shaking her hips in a suggestive manner, and Taylor followed. Taylor picked it up quickly, which is what you'd expect from an Olympic gymnast. "This is how you take off your top," Taylor said, swaying seductively as she pulled her shirt over her head in a smooth motion. Maddy did the same move almost as well. "Great! You're a natural!" Taylor said.
This went on, and on, and I could not believe what I was seeing. How did this happen? I was watching two extraordinarily beautiful women doing a strip tease a few feet from where I sat. Maddy seemed to be enjoying herself; I think the cocktails helped loosen her up. Pretty soon both women were topless, with Taylor teaching Maddy ways to act seductive while she danced. All they were wearing at this point were brief thong panties.
"Ok, honey, this next part is the most important," Taylor said. "You get a lot more tips if you know the right way to take off your panties. Do it like this."
Taylor hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties, then began pushing them off her hips. She lowered the right side a few inches, then the left side, then the right side, and she turned around so we got good views of her from the front and back. Most of the excitement was over by the time she got the panties down to her knees, so that's when she whipped them off and tossed them on the deck.
"Now you," Taylor said.
I thought I saw Maddy's hands tremble as she hooked her thumbs in her waistband. She did everything exactly the way Taylor taught her. She tossed her panties on the deck, and both women stood there proudly naked.
"Look, Maddy. Another satisfied customer!" Taylor said, pointing to my lap. I had a very visible boner, naturally. "Gee. What a surprise," I said. "I wonder what made that happen."
"I think your debut went well, Maddy," Taylor said. "Giving men erections is part of a dancer's job description."
"I think that's something you did," Maddy said.
"Honey, guys love it when two hot girls get up on stage and strip at the same time," Taylor said. "They like it most when the girls touch each other like they want to have sex." Taylor danced over until her body was rubbing against Maddy's "Do this," Taylor said. "This will give Burt a hard-on as big as the mast."
Taylor ran her hands up and down Maddy's body. Maddy did a fine job following Taylor's lead. Taylor got so close to Maddy's face that I thought they'd kiss, but they never did. I think the reason I didn't see what was really happening is that watching the show was so overwhelming that my brain stopped working.
"Honey, the way you make the most money as a dancer is by selling lap dances. I'll show you how that's done," Taylor said. "Burt, you need to pretend you haven't had sex with both of us a bazillion times. Pretend you're a total stranger who just paid for a lap dance. Keep your hands down at your sides. Let's make this look real."
It looked pretty real to me. Taylor demonstrated a way to shove her boobs as close to my face as possible without actually touching me. Maddy repeated the action almost as smoothly. Taylor straddled my lap, put her hands on my shoulders, and imitated the motion of a woman riding her boyfriend's cock. Maddy did the same. My cock wanted to explode. It needed some attention, but I didn't think it would get any.
Then, of course, it did.
"Here's the move that's the real moneymaker," Taylor said, sitting on my lap and looking back at me with an expression of arousal. She ground the cheeks of her ass against my cock. She did it again. And again. It was almost enough to make me climax. Almost.
"Ok. Your turn, Maddy," Taylor said, standing up.
Maddy sat down on my lap and ground her ass against me. She did it over and over and over. Exotic dancers are supposed to act aroused when they do this move, and Maddy was either playing the part or was genuinely excited. I groaned. I couldn't help myself. I wanted to grab her, but I couldn't, so I groaned instead.
"Sounds like you earned a big tip there, Maddy," Taylor said. She reached forward, took Maddy's hands, and pulled her to her feet. "Girl, from the looks of things, you've got Burt in a state where he's so worked up he needs our help. Let's go down to the cabin and reward him for being such a good customer." Then she pulled Maddy's naked body into a hug and kissed her. "And I want to reward you for being such a good student."
I took a look around the horizon and verified that there were no big ships in our way. The autopilot could steer us safely for hours if necessary. I followed both naked women as they descended the stairs and moved to the bed. "Get rid of those trunks," Taylor said. "We've been showing you something sexy. It's time for you to return the favor."
I've never had a stiffer stiffy in my life. The head of my cock was slightly purple, and was so hard it ached. I worried I'd climax too quickly. Threesomes are wonderful, but I was with two sexy women who deserved enough cock to satisfy them both. I'd do my best and hope it was good enough.
Taylor shoved Maddy down on her back. Maddy looked nervous. I guessed that this was her first threesome; she made it clear that she didn't have a lot of sexual experience when she was focused on competing, so it made sense that what was about to happen was new to her. She later confirmed I was right; this was her first time with a woman, and she was as scared as she was excited.
"Kiss her, Burt. Show her how much she means to us," Taylor said. I didn't need more encouragement. I bent down and gave Maddy a soft, delicate kiss. I did it again. And again. Each time, the kiss got more passionate, and eventually I was exploring her mouth with my soulful kisses. Maddy reacted enthusiastically, her tongue responding to mine. She arched her back and moaned when I cupped one breast. I wasn't paying attention to Taylor, but when Maddy got stiff I looked down to see Taylor spreading Maddy legs and getting between them. There was an alarmed look on Maddy's face when she realized that a woman was going to eat her pussy. I waited for her to ask Taylor to stop, but she never asked, so Taylor never stopped.
This was a situation where none of us needed or wanted foreplay. That sexy dancing had all three of us so excited we knew what we wanted next. Maddy gritted her teeth and shook her head back and forth when she felt Taylor's tongue work up and down her wet slit. I kissed my way down her neck to her breasts. Maddy moaned again when I sucked one nipple between my lips. I loved being part of what we were doing to Maddy. Both Taylor and I were working together to give Maddy the best experience possible, and it seemed to be a success. She'd have good memories of her first threesome.
I moved to the other nipple and ran my hand down to Maddy's belly. Her abs never failed to amaze me. So strong. Firm. Defined. Touching her was like feeling granite covered by velvet. Her whole body was like that, but her abs were especially striking. I had to kiss them, so I worked my way lower on her body. Soon I felt Maddy's hand on the back of my head, pressing me closer. "Ohhhhhhhhh..." she said as Taylor worked on her clit.
It wasn't long before Maddy climaxed. She called out so loudly that I was glad we were in the middle of the ocean, and no one was around to hear us. That made it easier to enjoy when Maddy announced to the world that she was cumming. She kept cumming for a long, long time. I wasn't surprised to see that Taylor was an accomplished pussy eater. She was great at all things erotic, from dancing to blowjobs. Maddy was lucky to have someone like Taylor be the first woman to go down on her.
Maddy didn't calm down for a long time. When she finally seemed to relax, Taylor lifted her head. Her face was smeared with Maddy's wetness, and she wore a big smile. She moved up to kiss Taylor's lips, giving her a taste of her own pussy and reminding her that she'd just gotten that experience from a woman.
Taylor grabbed my cock and began pulling me toward Maddy. "You're up, Burt," Taylor said and she guided the head of my cock to the entrance to Maddy's pussy. She moved most of her body out of the way, but continued kissing Maddy passionately. It was nice. Taylor kissed Maddy's lips and breast while I worked my cock inside her. I was sure we could make her climax again, and soon.
Maddy jerked when she felt the head of my cock pop inside her. I could tell she liked how it felt. As I slowly worked in and out of Maddy's pussy, she began writhing in pleasure. Usually, when I'm making love in the missionary position, I do most of the work and the woman mainly lays there passively and enjoys feeling me inside her. That was not what happened with Maddy.
She thrust her hips upward to meet my cock each time I thrust downward. It was so exciting I realized I'd have to cum soon. The only thing that was good about that was that I could tell Maddy was very close to having her second orgasm. I felt proud of myself. I was trying to give her the attention she deserved, and I was doing well. I shoved my cock all the way inside her, and she started making sexy little sounds that revealed how much she enjoyed it. Taylor lifted her head from Maddy's breasts and smiled at me. She liked this as much as I did.
"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh...'' Maddy cried as her orgasm overwhelmed her. This one was even stronger than her first. She squeezed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth as waves of sensation overwhelmed her. I felt her pussy throbbing, giving my cock a powerful massage that felt wonderful. She had the strongest pussy muscles I've ever felt.
I almost came. Almost. I held on to Maddy and kept my cock inside her until her orgasm faded away. Then I pulled away and let my cock have some time to relax. I hadn't done a thing for Taylor yet. She'd done a lot of giving, and it was time for her to receive.
I planted a deep, soulful kiss on Taylor's pretty mouth. I held my cock away from her body so I had more time to back away from the climax I'd almost had inside Maddy. Instead, I reached down between Taylor's legs and began to caress her warm, wet inner folds. She was ready for more. Everything she'd done had been so exciting that it left her in a state of desperate lust.
"Burt, please just give me your cock. Please. Don't make me wait," Taylor said. If that's what she wanted, that's what I would give her. Sometimes Taylor enjoyed being teased, and she'd get very excited when I'd make her wait before she got my cock. But this was no time for teasing. She wanted me inside her - now.
Maddy rolled over and kissed Taylor on the cheek. Her recuperative powers amazed me. Most people would just lay on their backs and recover from the kind of orgasm Maddy just had. But she was ready for more. "Oh honey. Come here," Taylor said. I took one of Maddy's hands and placed it on Taylor's breast.
Taylor went a little crazy when she felt my cock enter her pussy. She was so wet it was easy to put my cock all the way inside. I'd only gone into her three or four times when she climaxed. It was different. She took a deep breath, shook all over, and began laughing. "Oh... you two... are wonderful," she said.
"You're pretty wonderful yourself," Maddy said.
"That's me. Miss Wonderful," Taylor said, giggling. Seeing her react this way was charming. I'd seen Taylor have all kinds of different orgasms, but I'd never seen one like this. It made me feel good.
I also felt good that I wasn't even close to having a climax myself. My cock was still ready for me. Taylor recognized this. "You need to cum, Burt," she said. "Maddy, you'd like to feel Burt cum inside your pussy, wouldn't you? After all he's been through, he's got to have a huge load of cum inside him. I'll bet you'd like it if he filled your pussy with all that cum."
Well. That was an interesting suggestion. Maddy didn't say anything, but she looked me in the eyes, and I could tell she liked Taylor's idea. I gave Taylor a deep kiss, then pulled out of her pussy and got up off of her. "Lay down," I said to Maddy, who wordlessly rolled over on her back and spread her legs.
"I'm glad that we could make you happy," I said to Maddy as I climbed on her.
"You made me very happy. Both of you," Maddy said. Taylor didn't move. She was too wiped out from her orgasm. But she looked Maddy in the eye and smiled. "I'm glad too," Taylor said.
Maddy was so wet I had no trouble putting my whole cock inside her. She was tight, but not quite as tight as usual. Being back inside her felt amazing. She gave me a loving look that warmed my heart. I'd been worried that she'd be upset when she learned I'd been having sex with Taylor. It was wonderful to see that it wasn't going to be a problem. I wanted my relationships with both women to remain unchanged.
Maddy wrapped her arms around me and pulled me to her chest. "Go ahead, Burt. Give it to me. I want to feel it," she said. "Fill me up."
There was something about the way Maddy said those words that made me want to cum and cum and cum. It wasn't long before that happened. As Taylor predicted, I had a big load of cum because I'd gotten so much stimulation since she and Maddy began practicing exotic dancing moves. There was no way I could expect to make Maddy climax again - my cock was right on the edge - so I just relaxed and enjoyed the feeling of my cock throbbing inside her.
"Ohhh... Maddy..." I said. She asked me to fill her up, and that's what I did. Her pussy seemed warmer and wetter than I'd ever felt. She squeezed the muscles of her vagina as she felt more and more cum squirt out of my cock. It was like she was milking me.
I laid on top of Maddy for a long time as she rubbed her hands up and down my back. My cum flowed out of her pussy when I finally removed my cock. I laid down between Maddy and Taylor, and began to think about how lucky I was to be intimately involved with two amazing women at once.
Taylor must have been thinking the same thing. "Can you believe how lucky this guy is?" she said to Maddy. "There aren't many men who've got two women willing to do what we just did. How lucky can a guy get?"
Maddy laughed, but then she got serious. "I was just thinking how lucky I am," Maddy said.
Taylor rose up on one elbow and leaned over my body so she could kiss Maddy. "Me too, baby. I'm lucky too."
Right. Lucky. We were all lucky. Bullshit.
It took me some time to figure it out, but luck had absolutely nothing to do with what had just happened.
.............................
If that wasn't lucky, what was it? Find out in Chapter 10.