It took me years to get Molly to open up and share her fantasies with me. Ever since she started sharing, our sex live improved as she became more comfortable telling me her deep, dark, sexual fantasies. One fantasy she continues to use involves a tall black man that manhandles her, usually placing her outside in the stocks for a group of men to watch as this BBC plays with her, fucks her, and enters her ass using his big black dick.
During foreplay she closes her eyes and usually cums as I move towards her backside. I can feel her excitement increase as I move around her ass, making sure my fingers reach her anus just before she explodes. She really likes this fantasy and hardly ever changes it, except every now and then she adds the BBC fucking a black woman just before he fucks her ass.
After she recovers from her orgasm my fantasy kicks in. I use her fantasy as my own and keep her in the stocks. I moved up and fucked her standing after her BBC has finished with her. She likes to think of being taken by a BBC and I like to think about her with the BBC. We would always talk about our fantasies after making love and share what we enjoyed about each version.
She kept using her fantasy enough that I thought it was time for her to experience it for real, at home, with me, and one other special person. That sets the stage for what happened over this past year.
My birthday was fast approaching. I knew Molly would ask me what I wanted.
"Rusty, your birthday is coming up in two months. Do you have any thoughts about what you would like?" Molly asked.
"I want to hire a professional photographer to take pictures of you in various stages of undress around the house." I answered.
Molly smiled at first and then added, "I am not sure I could let another man look at me naked."
I kept asking if she would pose. She continued to say no; though Molly was showing signs of giving in with my consistent nagging. Finally three weeks before the date, she said she would pose, but then quickly added she had no idea who she could ask to take the pictures. I had figured out an answer and told her, "I think I might know someone." She was surprised, but what else could she say.
I had already researched for a photographer online and found one. I had made sure he was tall and black. I did inspect his photo work. He could do better than what I could do in pictures. Three months before my birthday I called him and we had a two hour talk on the phone. He pointed me to the WEB site that contained his pictures and I decided he was the one do the job. On our second call I explained that I wanted him to take the pictures at my home, both inside and out back on the deck.
I arranged for him to check out the house when Molly was away for a few hours. Trevor came over, said the house was perfect and the deck was even better, because of the privacy it presented with the lake behind the house. I then shared Molly's fantasy completely with him. Now he fully understood what I was trying to do. I said, "I am not sure she will go along with this, but if she does I want to make sure you will play." Trevor smiled, and we shook hands.
***** ***** ***** *****
Molly came into the house to find me standing in the living room with a glass of wine. I handed the glass to her, and she replied, "So what is the special occasion for this?" She sipped the wine.
"I found a photographer that will give me my birthday present," I quickly said as she sat down.
I watched the surprise look appear on her face, "That didn't take you long to find him."
"Yes, it was important to me as you might have guessed."
"So who is he and how did you find him?"
"He is located about thirty minutes up the road. He has a studio there."
"So you want me to go to his studio?"
"No, he is coming to the house. We both decided that you would be more comfortable at home, rather than in a strange studio. You have all the outfits you need here."
"Are you planning to leave while he takes these pictures?" taking a larger swallow from her glass.
"No, I am planning to be his assistant and your voyeur." My smile told her I had done a good job planning.
"So, you are going to be the Dirty Old Man that watches me get naked while he takes pictures!"
"Yep, after all it is my birthday present."
She took another sip of wine from her glass and smiled. "So what does he look like?"
"Now why is that important?"
"Because if he looks like a street person that will not get me in the mood to pose."
"I understand. He is forty years old, played football in high school, stands about 6 feet tall, slim, athletic body, with long fingers and a handsome face." I did not let on he was black.
She nodded okay, and then asked, "When will I meet him?"
I answered, "The day he takes the pictures."
"Don't you think I should meet him BEFORE we take the pictures?"
"You will, as he brings his photo equipment into the house." She did not really appreciate my answer, but then realized that was all she was going to get from me.
That pretty much ended the conversation for this night, though in the coming days she would throw out questions here and there which I vaguely answered. This went on until two days before my birthday where we went in to the bedroom to decide on what outfits she should be ready to wear, starting with a tiny, black dress with heels; ending with a very small string bikini.
I was ready for Trevor to arrive well before she was ready. 10am Wednesday morning could not come fast enough for me.
***** ***** ***** *****
We had both had taken the day off from work to celebrate. For Trevor this was just another work day with possible benefits.
Trevor arrived fifteen minutes early. That was a good sign. Molly was in the bedroom getting ready. I met Trevor at the front door and helped him bring some of his equipment inside the house. Then we both went to his van to pull the remaining equipment. It did not take us long to move it all into the house.
After everything was inside, Trevor stood and looked down the length of the house. The foyer was connected to the living room, which ran into the TV room and the back of the house. The back wall was a series of wall-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the deck and lake. There was a door to the left of the window wall that provided access to the deck. You could see the lake even while standing at the front door.
The living room contained a long couch facing the fireplace with two overstuffed chairs on either side of the hearth. There was plenty of light streaming in from the dining room which was adjacent to the living room. The TV room contained a couch and two comfortable chairs facing the large screen TV. It too was well lit from the sunlight streaming in from the back window wall.
It was a warm, sunny spring day and Trevor commented that the rooms do not need much more additional lighting to make it work. Trevor went to finish his work, pulling out the rest of his equipment and directed me where to put the tripods, lights, and electric cords. Within thirty minutes we had the lighting set, two video cameras out (one mounted on a tripod and the other in my hands). He hung two additional cameras from his neck, taking one last look at the room to make sure it looked okay.
He then turned to me and asked, "So, where is Molly?"
"She is in the master bedroom and I would go check on her."
I walked to the back of the TV room, opened the door and slipped into the bedroom. She was sitting on the bed, working her second glass of wine and looking very nervous.
She stood up as I closed the door behind me. She looked incredible. She was wearing the tiny black dress that complemented her figure, sleeveless with a scooping neckline. The dress stopped high enough from her knees to show off two beautiful long legs covered in black stocking. She combed her hair out, applied a ruby red color to her lips, and rubbed in some red blush onto her face. Her hair was long, hanging down to the middle of her back. Molly's body is thin, standing five feet seven inches in three inch heels. She just looked unbelievable.
"Molly, you look fantastic in that dress!"
"Do you think so? It has been some time since I wore this outfit."
"It accents your body, hair, red lipstick, and blush."
"Thank you, but you have to tell me that, and I do not know how Trevor will react."
"Trust me, he is a male, and he will love what he sees."
"This wine is going to my head."
"But it is also calming you, right?"
"Yes."
"Let's go out and meet Trevor." With that I pulled her gently to the door and led her out of the room.
Trevor was the first to speak. "Wow, you are even more beautiful than what Rusty showed me in pictures.
Molly's first reaction in seeing Trevor was for her eyes to go wide. I had a pretty good idea what that look was all about, since she was now looking at a very tall, slim, BLACK MAN for the first time. Molly smiled then dropped her eyes to the floor.
"Don't be shy, come over here and let me take a closer look." Trevor said.
Molly didn't say a word, but moved over closer to Trevor. She then looked back at me and gave me the most interesting look I have ever seen from her. It took me a while, but with a few body movements I understood what she was silently asking me,'Is this my fantasy guy?'
I returned her look and said, "Right! That is why I didn't tell you much."
Trevor gave me a look as if to say, "What was that all about?"
I quickly told him, "I'll tell you later."
Trevor took her by the hand and walked her into the living room by the fireplace. He started to move her into position, asking her to move her leg, look his way, and smile. He was setting up the first series of pictures. Turning to me he said, "Rusty walk over to the video camera, point it at Molly, and turn the video on. Next take your hand held camera into the TV room and start to record the action from there." I did what he asked, almost ran to get it done.
Trevor took some light reading, grabbed one camera hanging from his neck, made a few adjustments to the camera, pulled it up and started taking a series of quick shots. I could hear the camera clicking way in rapid fire. I confirmed that my handheld camera was on.
He continued to give Molly instructions on how to move, where to move, look at him, smile, and arch her back. His instructions came fast and before she knew it she was only listening to him direct her body movements, also she was starting to relax. I was impressed on how fast she was slipping under his control.
He moved her from the fireplace, into one of the chairs, then onto the couch, and finally pulled her legs up onto the couch. Each time he complemented her on how she looked and moved. Every now and then he would adjust her hair. The cameras were all recording Molly's every move.
Trevor finally stopped and said, "I think the lady's drink is getting low. Rusty, will you go into the kitchen to refresh her glass and I can talk to you about the next set of pictures.
While in the kitchen I turned towards him and said, "That look you spotted from Molly was due to the fact she just found out you are black. I didn't tell her. I wanted to surprise her. Her look also told me she knew I was a devil for setting it up this way."
Trevor gave me a playful smile and added, "It's time to remove some clothing. Let's rejoin our model. Don't ask her, Rusty, just remove the dress and let's see what's underneath that black dress!"
We marched into the room together.
I handed Molly her drink. Asked her to turn around, I quickly pulled the zipper down on the dress, all before she knew what was happening. The dress quickly tumbled to her feet.
"Now that was fast. Isn't there going to be any foreplay?" She laughed.
Trevor moved closer to Molly and firmly asked her to step out of the dress, then added, "What's the problem; you still have a bra, stockings, heels, and tiny black bikini panties, don't you?"
Molly looked up into Trevor's eyes, smiled and cooed, "Yes I do!"
Let's move Molly into the TV room, Rusty, and pose her by the window. Let the sunlight kiss her skin."
This set in motion another series of rapid fire shots using the same camera Trevor had started with, only stepping back to catch the full length of her body in the lens for a few shots. Molly was really getting into being the model, and enjoying the attention of two men. Trevor and I certainly were not complaining.
Trevor took a few more shots and then swiftly walked up, reached behind her, and released her bra using two fingers. It started to float down her arms as Trevor stepped back to record the unmasking of her breasts.
"Molly, your breasts are magnificent. It appears your nipples like the fresh air." She smiled again, letting the bra drop completely to the floor.
Trevor moved her about the TV room and posed her in different locations, sitting, standing, bent over, and squatting. She was flowing from one pose into the next. Trevor kept telling her she was doing great. The day of modeling started with a series of gentle requests now they were being delivered as commands.
A little more time passed that produced another break to fill her glass. Trevor suggested moving out onto the deck.
Molly gave me a look of alarm because outside neighborhoods might see her naked. I smiled and gave her a look, "You don't really want to hide that figure, do you?"
Trevor took her by the hand, opened the door and guided her out onto the deck. He pointed to where he wanted her to stand. He stepped back, switched to his second camera, and started taking pictures again. Stepping through the door he asked me to hand him the video camera. He set up the video camera, still on top of the tripod, and went back to instructing Molly on what poses he wanted.
I did not go out on the deck but remained in the house to sit down in one of the TV chairs facing the windows. I had a clear view of the two of them moving about on the deck as Trevor continued to take pictures.
I noticed that she would not take her eyes off of him. She listened to each of his words then move into the pose he requested. He told her to place her hands behind her head, pushed out her breasts, smiled as he took a fast set of quick shots. Then he moved her over to the deck chair, had her bend over the chair, presented her ass to the camera, and asked her to look back at him without a smile this time, as he shot more pictures. He would tell her to move her arm or her leg. She would quickly do as he demanded.
As I watched it seemed that she was enjoying being told what to do, more than doing what he asked. She was looking sexier without trying. Trevor was moving her away from the house, out to the far end of the deck in clear view of the neighbors. She was not concerned about her nakedness; she was more concerned about making Trevor happy. Each time he complemented her, she appeared more attentive to his commands. It was now very clear, Trevor was issuing only commands. If I didn't know better, she was enjoying be bossed about wearing only her hose, tiny bikini panties, and heels. Molly did look beautiful in the sun. I didn't care if the neighbors got a good look at her.
These two were totally entertaining me with all they were doing from being the sexy model to taking the pictures as the photographer. I was thinking that this photo spread was going to result in some great shots. They stayed outside for a good twenty minutes before they both started to walk back towards the door to come back into the house.
As they entered Trevor commanded, "Molly, change into your string bikini and wrap. Go freshen up and come back out in five minutes."
She planted a kiss on his cheek and told him she would be back as he asked.
After she entered the master bedroom and closed the door, Trevor approached me, handed me the two cameras and told me, "When she is ready take her outside and continue to shoot her in the bikini. Make sure she removes the wrap early." Then added he needed to get ready and asked where he could change.
I pointed towards the front of the house and told him there was a bedroom/bathroom up front he could use. He wasted no time, walked off, picking up a small gym bag and hurried to the front room.
Like clockwork Molly stepped out of the room in five minutes. I could see she changed into her tiny blue string bikini with a silk transparent cloth wrapped around her waist. There were two minuscule blue triangles barely covering her breasts. Her nipples were acting like they were trying to drill their way out of the material. A third smaller triangle barely covered her pussy and was visible through the wrap. If you looked hard, you could see a few public hairs whisking out the side.
She was smiling as she exited the bedroom and then stopped. She looked at me, looked outside towards the deck, and then looked into the adjacent living room. "Where is Trevor she asked?" Her smile slid away.
"He is using the front bathroom and will be out shortly. He asked me to start shooting your pictures on the deck."
Her smile returned. I walked over to the door. She stepped out. I guided her to the far side of the deck along the fence.
Molly, walked over to the lattice, placed her hands on the railing as she looked out over the lake. "Now look at me Molly," I started taking pictures.
I changed the pose, by having her turn towards me, when turn towards the house, but always looking at the camera. I got about twenty pictures and asked her to drop the wrap. She did, she looked even better almost naked. Two thin strings ran up the crack of her ass that continued over each butt, and around her waist. There was a third string that was tied in a bow in the small of her back. She looked completely naked form the back, hiding any hint there were three blue triangles covering the sexy parts in front.
I commented on how nice she looked. She smiled, wiggled, and slightly twisted her hips that made her look even more appealing. I was not sure how she was truly feeling, but my pants showed a tent forming in the front.
We both heard the house door open and out stepped Trevor. She turned to look and her mouth opened in surprise. There stood Trevor naked as the day he was born wearing a hip length light robe that hung open in the front. He was definitely very black, sporting a "V" shape chest, large hands, and a penis that swung from his hips. His penis was flaccid and I was not quite sure how big it would be when it was fully erect. His smile shined brightly from his handsome face. "Molly, are you surprised?" he asked. "I thought this round of pictures I would join you being photographed."
Trevor walked up to Molly, dropped the robe behind him and put his hands on her waist. She did not resist. She looked up deep into his eyes then down to his penis.
"This is the first time I am looking directly at a naked black penis on a man." She giggled.
"Ah, yes I am, and it will be bigger shortly with your help." He added.
As he pulled her into his arms I could see his cock start to rise. It was already very erect as he pulled her into his chest. "I thought Rusty would take some pictures of us together, is that okay?" he asked.
She didn't say a word. Instead she shook her head yes.
Once he got his arms around her, he started to work the two bows on the bikini, pulling each slowly, releasing the string that held the triangles in place, letting them float, one by one onto the deck, away from her body. I could see she was trembling, but she would not take her eye off his face. I must have shot thirty pictures of the two of them at this point.
"I thought you would sit you down and let you examine my dick a little closer, Molly. Maybe give it a little kiss, would you like to do that?" he moved her back towards a deck chair.
Trevor told her to sit and look up at him. He turned to me, "Time to take some more pictures Rusty!"
I was so amazed at how fast this unfolded I had forgotten that I was the cameraman. I snapped out of my trance, brought the camera up, and started to take more pictures, while moving around the two naked bodies in front of me.
"Would you like to feel my'member'?"
"Yes," she answered.
"Take hold of my penis with one hand and move the other along his length." He barked.
She did as she was told, raised both arms grabbed his cock with one hand and with the second hand wrap her fingers lightly around its girth and started to move her fingers back-and-forth along its length. It did not take long for his dick to get even larger. It was engorged enough for both hands to grab its length. She stared at his penis as it grew and pulsated in her hands. Suddenly there appeared a little pre-cum on its head.
"Molly, use your tongue to lick the white liquid off my prick and swallow it!" Trevor commanded.
She moved his penis to her mouth and licked it clean. She did not remove the dick from her lips, but instead started to open her mouth and slid it in.
"That was a very good move my little slave." He complemented her. "Now move it faster in and out," he commanded.
"Are you getting all this Rusty?"
"Yes," I answered.
"GOOD! Keep the camera running."
Trevor was standing in front of Molly receiving a wet blowjob. Trevor was enjoying the attention. We were all focused on what Molly was doing.
I lost track of the time, it felt like his cock was in her mouth forever, when Trevor grabbed her head and said, "It's time for your REAL fantasy Molly. Are you ready?"
He pulled her up and out of the chair, turned her around to face the back of the chair and told her to crawl up, kneel on the chair, and drape her breasts over the back of the chair. She obeyed.
In this position her ass and pussy were visible for my viewing and Trevor's fucking. Given the way she was moaning and squirming she was ready too.
"First I want to get my dick nice and wet using your pussy juices and let you feel my dick slide slowly deep within you and then back out." He positioned his penis at the opening of her pussy, and as he pushed in, she pushed back and started to moan louder.
Trevor placed both hands on her hips which helped him to guide his cock in and out of her pussy. First only half of his cock entered her hole, then with each new trust he went deeper while she moaned. He pulled out and moved even deeper then picked up his pace. Molly helped move his penis completely in. She wanted to feel his balls bounce off her ass. When his balls hit her, she knew he was completely inside of her. She enjoyed the feeling of his penis head hitting against her internal organs.
Trevor could have cum in this position, but instead was focused on giving Molly one her powerful orgasms he was told about. I had told him she could cum multiple times. So he played with her pussy, reaching around to flick her clit. This was driving her crazy. They both picked up the speed as her thighs tightened around his penis. She was now firmly heading for her first orgasm; she was working hard for it.
Molly was moaning very loudly now, probably loud enough for a neighbor to hear. She didn't care. She wanted her orgasm and she was going to have it.
Finally her body started shaking; she was losing control, and could feel the fast approach orgasm. She let it happen. Trevor let her take control and enjoyed the pleasure she was performing on his penis.
Molly's hips shook. She stopped thrusting, but could not stop shacking. Her breathing was open mouth, deep and audible. Both Trevor and I knew she was in the middle of an orgasm.
I continued to record the session.
Trevor stopped, stood still, remaining in her cunt, and then slowly pulled out. She tried to grab his cock using a kegel, but she was too wet. He pulled out and let his dick drop against his leg. He knew he would not leave it there long. He gave her enough time to catch her breath, before he reached down, placed his penis in his hand and guided it up to her anus. She felt the tip of this prick run up her leg, over her ass, in between the crack of her ass and felt it stop at her ass hole. She knew what was coming next and she wanted it.
"Are you ready Molly?" Trevor asked.
"Yes, I have been ready for quite some time now." She breathed back. "Please, I need it now."
With that Trevor pushed lightly into her ass. He was not sure if she could take his entire length, but there was only one way to find out. He pushed her ass opened, his penis' head enter her anus, he pushed again, and a few more inches entered her ass. He pushed a third time and this time she pushed back. It felt like half of him had entered her at this point. She started to moan louder.
"It hurts but it feels so good!" Molly exclaimed.
Trevor pulled out and then slid back in; letting the lubrications buildup. He did this a couple of times until he could feel his cock start to slide easily from the lubrication. Molly started to rock in the chair.
"I want it all," She demanded. "I want all your cock in my ass!"
"Okay, then." With one final push he could feel he was all the way in as his balls once again bounced off her ass."
She was acting was like a mad woman that wanted more. She was rocking faster and faster in the chair, wanting to feel his full girth deep inside of her.
Molly tried to look back at Trevor. She turned her head and saw a man sitting on the edge of the far side of the lake watching her getting fucked. She had made enough noise that it did not surprise her that she had attracted a voyeur. She was now on full display for her husband, Trevor, and the voyeur on the lake. Her fantasy was now complete having an audience. It was exactly like the fantasy she was having for years, but now it was real and that drove her crazy. It did not take her long to cum a second time. This time it was a shattering orgasm that made her entire body, chair, and Trevor move. She could not get out of the chair, she was shaking so hard. Trevor had his orgasm while she shook.
Trevor pulled out, pointed at the voyeur and told me to reposition the camera to get everyone in the shoot. It did not take me long to reposition and bring the voyeur into view to complete this entire sexy scene. Molly was still shaking.
Trevor went inside, while I continued to take pictures. Molly had now stopped shaking.
I moved her naked body into a sitting position as she calmed down; leaving her on display for the voyeur to enjoy.
"Rusty, was this my birthday present or yours?" Molly could barely get the words out she was breathing so hard.
"It was both our fantasies," I answered.
"Then in that case I need you to fuck me now," she demanded.
I put the camera down, and started to take my clothing off. I looked up, saw the voyeur still watching. I told Molly to remain naked and walk over to the fence, face the voyeur, let him look at your tits while I remove my clothes and come over behind you.
She got off the chair, wiggled her ass at me and put a little show on for the man across the lake while I disrobed.
Moving up behind Molly I grabbed my cock and guided it into her pussy. It slid in easily and I started to fuck her doggy style from behind. The voyeur was on his feet, pointing his phone camera at the two of us.
After all that visual excitement and knowing someone else was recording, it did not take me long to come. I came hard and deposited a large load in Molly's pussy. She cooed when she felt his warm liquid enter her. She felt like quite the woman now that she made two men cum.
We finished our act of love, waved at the voyeur as he walked off. We returned to the house naked.
Trevor was already dressed and was packing up his equipment. He looked up and said, "That was some nice action on the deck. Molly, did you enjoy being my model?"
"Yes. I was getting very excited as you posed me. By the time you informed me that this was going to be my fantasy, my state of mind was you could make me do whatever you wanted. I would do it."
"Glad to be of assistance. Any chance we can do this again?" Trevor asked.
"Let Rusty and me talk. We'll get back to you with an answer. Is that okay?" Molly asked.
"Yes, more than okay." answered Trevor. "Molly, you are one hot woman and I would love to do you again."
"I know. Let me think about it." She answered.
It was not long before all of Trevor's equipment was out and loaded into his van. Molly, still naked, gave him a bid hug/kiss and thanked him for all he had done.
"It will be fun to review the film and photographs of this session when you complete the edit." I added.
"Can I keep a copy?" asked Trevor.
"We'll see." said Molly.
After Trevor drove off, I turned to her and said, "You know he going to keep a copy, don't you?"
"Yes, I just want to hold something over his head so he does not sell it to the porn industry. Maybe I will come up with another fantasy, which will involve another BBC. I don't want to lose his services."
I grabbed her, pulled her into my arms and gave her a good, long, kiss and squeeze.
"BEST BIRTHDAY!" I said out loud.