PART 4 - Practice Makes Perfect
***
KILLIAN
"What am I gonna do without you for three days?" Killian said mournfully.
"You didn't like my idea of locking yourself in your room and masturbating the whole time?" he said slyly.
"I think my parents might wonder what I'm up to in here."
Jack gave an "Mm" of agreement, though he still looked rather pleased by his idea. "Couldpracticea bit more."
"What, for anal? That butt plug is a joke compared to your cock."
"Didn't I give you a practice cock?"
"IsPractice Cockwhat you call your brother now?" she teased.
"Very funny."
"I appreciate the offer, don't get me wrong, but I thought last weekend was a onetime thing."
"I thought so too," he agreed. "But I'm gonna be gone, you haven't taken me in the ass yet, and you've already hooked up with him, so I don't really see why it can't happen again."
"It's a little different since you won't be there," she pointed out.
"I know. Trust me, I'll be jealous that I'm not there to watch and have fun with you too, but I won't be upset that you're with him."
"Can I ask you something, Jack?" She didn't want him to think she was being critical but she thought it was a fair question. "Are you a cuck?"
He raised his eyebrows and said, "No."
"Like, no judgment either way, but you get why I'm asking, right?"
"Because I liked watching Logan fuck you? Yeah," he shrugged. "You're so sexy, Killian, and I love seeing you be sexual and desired. It's great when it's with me but it was fun to watch too. I liked seeing him pleasure you and watching you get off on it. To be perfectly clear, I have no interest in watching you with anyone other than Logan. You guys have good chemistry, he's objectively attractive, and I trust you both. Oh," he added, "and I am absolutely not interested in being belittled, degraded, or turning this into a humiliation thing. That's a huge turn off."
"Cool, just thought I'd check." Killian was admittedly relieved. She would have tried to be open minded and supportive but she would have had a really hard time if he did express interest in the humiliation aspect.
"If you prefer it stay a one-off event, that's totally fine. But if you had fun and want a little more while I'm away, you have my permission."
"Well, thank you," she decided.
"He'd probably teach you a bit more about BDSM too, if you want."
"Oh?"
"I'll leave that up to you," he shrugged. "Oh, one other thing," said Jack, "you can fool around together and you can get fucked in the ass, but your pussy is mine and I want my cock to be the only one it knows."
"That's fair," agreed Killian. "I was wondering," she said hesitantly, "if this means you want to hookup with another girl while you're gone?"
"God no."
"It doesn't seem fair am I allowed to be with Logan and you aren't trying to sleep with another girl."
"I've had enough meaningless hookups to know I don't need more. Nothing will ever be as good as you, babe." He paused before asking, "Would you enjoy watching me with someone else?"
"I don't think so." She still remembered how it had felt to walk-in on him with Clara, the girl who so closely resembled herself. It had made her stomach turn and her blood boil with anger. She thought it would be a bit different now that she and Jack were together, but it still left her feeling uneasy. "I'm sorry, I know it's a double standard."
"That doesn't bother me. I told you, you're the one I want."
"Yeah, but you're the one I want and you're still letting me hookup with Logan and I appreciate how thoughtful you are but I don't think I can bear it if you're out hooking up with someone too and so if I'm gonna, like, owe you for this, I'd just rather not fuck him again," all of Killian's concerns tumbled out in one long sentence.
"Come here, baby girl." He pulled her to him, stroking her hair calmly. "I promise you, I am not doing this so I can get a free pass down the line. You owe me absolutely nothing." He kissed her lovingly, reassuringly. "You can call it a double standard if you want, but to be honest, I actually kind of like it when you're possessive."
"Oh, okay." Killian did feel better as she processed his words.
"I guess you owe me one thing," Jack decided. When she gave him a questioning look, he said, "Anal, obviously."
"Obviously," she snorted.
JACK
Jack was going to miss Killian like no other. He hated that he had to leave, even if it was only for a little bit. He was a little surprised with how comfortable he was with the idea of her fucking Logan while he was gone. Jealous he wouldn't be there, sure. But mostly he just wanted her satisfied. And wanted to fuck her ass once he got back. Watching her take Logan had been one of the hottest things he'd ever seen. And it had left him wanting her even more.
Jack's cock was stirring excitedly at the memory of it. He rubbed the front of his pants subconsciously, feeling himself continue to stiffen.
"Goddamnit," Jack muttered, looking at the time. His mom was going to drive him to his dad's in ten minutes and Jack did not want to spend the three-hour car ride trying to hide his erection from her. He gave in to temptation and unzipped his pants hastily. He had to blow a load quickly or there was no hope of it going down.
He was rock hard by the time his hand was wrapped around his cock. He pumped his length quickly. All he could think about was Killian's ass. How tight she would be. How it looked when Logan had forced himself in her. The look on her face as she took it in the ass for the first time. Jack had cum so quickly after watching that. She had begged to have him inside her, even as Logan's cum leaked out her ass. She wanted to be filled in every hole.
His balls had started to churn; Jack gripped them in one hand and his cock firmly in the other, letting out a grunt of surprise. His sudden climax had caught him off guard and he didn't even have time to grab something to cum into. All Jack could do was watch as his pleasure peaked and thick ropes of semen shot forcefully from his cock. Slightly irritated about making a mess, Jack couldn't help but feeling a little impressed by the size of his load. Killian—even thoughts of Killian—made him cum harder than he ever had in his life.
He cleaned up his mess hastily.
Jack grabbed his bag to head downstairs but paused at Logan's door which was open.
"Hey," Jack knocked on the doorframe of Logan's room.
"Sup," Logan looked up from his computer.
"Just getting ready to leave," he said. "Thought I'd run an idea past you."
"Shoot."
"Would you be interested in spending some time with Killian while I'm away?"
Logan raised his brows and closed his laptop with a snap, turning his full attention to Jack. "What did you have in mind?"
"Well, I haven't fucked Killian in the butt yet, so you can do some morepractice,if you want," he said. Logan looked at him expectantly, as if he knew Jack had more to say. "You could dominate her. If, like, you both want to."
"Dominate Killian?" Logan looked amused. "Does she want me to?"
Jack shrugged unhelpfully. "Pretty sure. You have permission to find out, if you're curious."
"Okay," said Logan, in a tone Jack couldn't quite read.
"You want to, don't you?"
It was a full three seconds before Logan replied, "Yes. Are you sure you're cool with this happening while you're away?"
"I think so," said Jack. "Yeah," he said with more conviction. "Yeah, it's fine. I trust you, man." It surprised Jack a bit when he realized how true that was. "Same rules as before. Her pussy is mine. Otherwise, do what you want."
"Okay," nodded Logan, looking at Jack curiously.
"Why are you looking at me like that," said Jack self-consciously.
"I just kind of figured last weekend was a one-time thing. Didn't expect you to want me to be with her again."
"Yeah, same, but here we are." Jack shrugged. "If you don't want to, that's fine. I mean, I guess it is kind of weird."
"I'm not complaining. As long as you know I have no intention of getting between you two."
"Yeah," nodded Jack, "that's why I'm okay with it."
"You gonna let Killian know?"
"Yeah. Told her she had permission to see you while I'm away, but I left it at that. I'll leave the rest to you."
"Alright," Logan agreed.
"Oh, and I want a full report of what you end up doing to her and what she liked. Consider it a reconnaissance mission."
"Sir, yes, Sir," said Logan, giving him a cheeky salute.
"Thanks, bro."
"No, thank you," he said, grinning mischievously.
LOGAN
Even though Jack had given him the green light with Killian, Logan didn't want to make the first move. He thought it would still feel like creeping on his brother's girlfriend.
For some reason, Logan found himself surprised when he actually received a text from Killian as he was lying in bed that night. Maybe the thing that surprised him the most was the content of the message.
K: I miss how your dick feels in my ass
K: dtf tomorrow?
She was so straightforward it made him chuckle.
L: Hello to you too
K: Hello
L: Yeah I'll fuck you tomorrow
He figured he may as well take a page out of her book and be just as straightforward.
L: Do you want me to dominate you Kil?
K: Yes
L: red=stop yellow=warning green=good
K: Understood
K: Now will you talk dirty to me
That was when Logan realized what was really going on and why she had been so explicit in her first message. Killian wanted to get her rocks off.
L: Why isn't your boyfriend talking dirty to you?
K: Who says he's not?
K: Maybe I wanted to see if I could get you both jerking off for me at the same time
L: Is that so?
K: I wish. I would enjoy that
K: Jack's at a movie :(
L: Are you touching yourself princess?
K: Yes
K: Are you?
L: No but you have me rock hard right now thinking about you coming over tomorrow
K: Maybe you should do something about that
Logan was inclined to agree.
K: I was thinking about how good it felt when you filled me
K: Your cock is incredible
Logan's cock appreciated the compliment and was showing its excitement.
L: You were amazing the other night
It wasn't the first night that week that he'd replayed that memory.
K: The way you fucked my ass was amazing too
L: Are you ready to take me again?
K: Yes
L: I'm stroking myself now. My hand feels great but your tight asshole would be better
L: What are you doing?
K: Touching myself still
L: Tell me how
K: I'm in bed. Rubbing my clit with two fingers. I'm super wet but I didn't feel like fingering myself tonight. Just wanted to rub one out
It was a very good mental image. Logan was trying to figure out where he wanted to go with the conversation. Sexting Killian wasn't something he'd expected to come up. He thought about what she was into. What would really get her going?
L: Thinking about you touching yourself is making me leak precum
L: I just rubbed it into the head and now I'm jerking off with it
L: More keeps coming out
If she was as much of a cumslut as he suspected, she'd probably enjoy that. And he was telling the truth.
K: That's so fucking hot
K: I wish I could taste it
Logan groaned, wishing her lips were around him too. She was so fucking talented with her tongue.
L: You can tomorrow
K: I want to cum with you in my ass again. I liked feeling you stretch me out
L: You know feeling you cum made me blow immediately
It had been an incredible feeling to climax together.
L: How did it feel having both your holes filled with cum
K: It was the hottest fucking thing ever
K: God I'm getting close thinking about how it felt to have you both cum in me back to back
K: Are you in your bed right now
L: Yeah
K: Where are you gonna cum?
L: Probably a towel
K: In my imagination you said something hotter than a towel
L: Yeah? What were you hoping for?
K: I dunno. Your stomach? Your hand? Out the window
L: smartass
L: I'll cum on my stomach if that gets you going
He figured he'd have to change his sheets the next day after seeing Killian anyway so he could risk the potential mess.
K: Send me a pic and I'll get off to it
Fuck it.
Logan worked his piece quickly. He sat up a little as he got closer. It was hot, how forward and crass she was about what she wanted. And he found it kind of adorable that she was trying to be assertive with him. He'd let her have her way tonight.
Hot sperm landed on his chest and stomach as he climaxed. He felt more shots splatter on him. When he'd finished, he turned on his bedside light. There was cum all over, but by some miracle, he'd managed to get it all on himself and none on his bed or his face.
Thinking it might be a bit inappropriate to send a dick pic to his brother's girlfriend, he took a picture from waist to chest instead and sent it to her. In retrospect, he found it amusing that he thought his dick would somehow be more inappropriate than his chest covered in jizz. He had a feeling Killian wouldn't have asked if she thought Jack wouldn't approve.
K: Holy shit that's a lot
K: Fuck Logan how are you so hot
He had to admit, it was a pretty decent picture. There was a sizable amount of cum. The low light from his bedside lamp and the angle he took the picture was flattering; muscles and tattoos highlighted by cum catching the light.
K: I wish I could clean you up with my tongue right now
K: God you're sexy
Logan knew he was a good looking guy. He'd had plenty of girls tell him he was hot. But Killian had a special knack for making him feel like he was the sexiest man alive.
K: Do you always cum that much
L: Usually about that yeah
K: That's such a turn on
L: You're a total cumslut huh?
K: Yesssss
K: I love it
K: I just came super fucking hard
L: Good
K: Thanks for your help stud
L: My pleasure
L: See you tomorrow princess
KILLIAN
Killian dried her hair, put on clothes, and walked over to Logan's. She knocked on the door, realizing she probably should have texted him first.
"Hi, Mrs. Johnson," said Killian, when his mom opened the door.
"Hi, Killian." She looked a little surprised. "You know Jack is gone all weekend, right?"
"Yeah," said Killian. "I just wanted to talk to Logan about college and stuff."
"Talk to Logan about college?" She raised an eyebrow. "Well, he's in his room."
Mrs. Johnson stepped aside and let Killian in, still wearing a vaguely confused expression.
Killian knocked on Logan's bedroom door. There was no response. She tentatively opened it a crack and poked her head in. He was sitting on his bed with headphones on, looking engrossed in whatever was on his laptop.
"Oh, hey, princess," said Logan, looking up as Killian entered his room and pulling off his headphones.
"Hi," said Killian, sitting down on his bed. "Whatcha doing?"
"Writing."
"You should take a break and play with me."
"I kind of need to finish this, sweetheart." His eyes drifted back to the screen.
"I could help you finish," said Killian sultrily.
"I highly doubt that." Logan looked up as Killian's hand ran down his thigh. "Oh, that kind ofhelp."
"I mean, I'm a pretty good writer. I suppose I could help you with that too."
"C++?"
"Uh...no, I got anAin English. Rude."
"The programming language."
"Oh, never mind," Killian frowned. "You'd rather do that than me?" she pouted.
"All right, all right," gave in Logan. "You can hang out but I need to finish this first, okay?"
"Deal," Killian agreed. She sat on the end of his bed and waited, watching Logan as he typed. "You know, it's kind of sexy—your whole douche-bag-bad-boy-secret-computer-nerd thing."
"I know," he said, not looking up.
"Cocky much?"
"If you want me to finish this, you gotta shut up, princess."
"Am I distracting you?" she teased.
"You're irritating me."
"Uh, sorry I came over so you could fuck me like you said you wanted," she said sarcastically.
"You're the one who didn't text me before coming over."
"Oh." He was right. Killian's mouth turned down in a pout but she stayed quiet, waiting—not so patiently—for Logan to finish.
After a few minutes, he said, "Take your clothes off."
"What?" she asked, confused.
"Take your clothes off, Kil," he repeated, glancing at her. "That's why you came over, isn't it?"
"Uh, yeah, I guess so."
"So, get naked and spread your legs like the slut you are."
A little taken aback, but not displeased, Killian did as instructed. "Okay," she said, once she was sitting naked on the bed with her legs splayed.
"Facing me," he said.
Killian turned so her pussy was on display for Logan. He continued to type and didn't look up.
"Logan," she said, a little irritated.
"Hm?"
"I'm doing what you said."
"I know."
"Now what?"
Without looking at her, he said, "Touch yourself."
"If I wanted to touch myself, I could have just stayed home."
"But you didn't."
Killian didn't argue any more. She reached down to touch herself. She let out a soft sigh of delight as pleasure radiated from her pussy. She rolled one hard nipple between her fingers while she massaged her clit.
She looked at him. "Logan," she said indignantly. "What the fuck." He was still focused on his laptop and wasn't even watching her play with herself.
"What now, Killian?"
"You aren't even watching."
"I told you I'd pay attention as soon as I'm done."
"Then why did you tell me to play with myself?"
"Because you like being told what to do and I didn't want you to be bored while you waited. So, you're welcome."
"This is bullshit," Killian muttered.
That got Logan's attention. "Oh sweetheart, that attitude will get you in trouble today." He gave her a stony glare. "If you don't start showing me some goddamn respect, this is going to be so much less fun for you."
"Asshole," said Killian under her breath.
"Just because Jack isn't here, doesn't mean you don't have to follow rules, little slut," he growled. "I still own your ass. And I will until another man fucks it. I was nice for your first time because you were being such a good girl, but if you keep up this attitude, I'm not going to be so nice. And if I'm not nice, I can promise you, you're not going to be able to walk tomorrow. We clear?"
"Yes, Sir," said Killian quietly.
"Good. Now get back to playing with your pussy until I tell you otherwise."
Killian nodded and continued to rub at her clit. Seemingly satisfied, Logan returned his attention to the screen in front of him. All Killian wanted was for him to look at her. She wanted to feel his eyes on her while she touched herself for him.
"How wet are you, Killie?" asked Logan, as he typed away.
Killian slipped a finger inside herself easily; her pussy was slick with cum. Wetter than she had expected. "Really wet," she said, fingering herself. "I'm dripping," she realized, looking down at her hand.
"Are you as wet as when you made yourself cum while Jack and I watched you?"
"Almost," she admitted.
"You know why that is, princess?" asked Logan, still far more focused on his work than her.
"Because I'm a slut?"
He nodded. "Because you get off on being submissive. You think you're upset that I'm not paying attention to you, yet you're as wet as if I were watching you."
"I know," Killian moaned softly, as she pressed against her g-spot.
Logan didn't speak anymore, nor did he look at her. Killian wished he would. She wanted him to move his laptop so she could see if he was hard. She wanted him to pay attention to her soft sighs of pleasure as she masturbated for him. But he didn't. And she had no idea why she was aroused by it.
How could this man code while she was getting off right in front of him? His ability to focus and keep typing was, like, the most annoying superpower.
She could feel her juices trickling down her fingers as she clenched her pussy around them. She rubbed her clit faster. It felt good. Really fucking good. She whimpered as her muscles tensed in anticipation.
"Logan," said Killian, tentatively. He didn't respond. He looked deep in thought, to the point that he may as well have been in a different room entirely for as much attention as he was paying her. "Logan," she said more urgently. She was going to cum any second. "Pay attention to me!"
Finally, his eyes locked on hers. In a swift movement, Logan moved his laptop aside. He reached for her. Killian didn't have time to react; his hands closed around her throat.
"What the fuck," he said dangerously, "do you think is so important you can demand my attention?"
Killian's eyes went wide as he tightened his grip. "Cumming," she managed to wheeze.
He looked down at her, wearing a cold, satisfied smile. All he said was, "Good," as he squeezed her neck tightly.
Dizzy, Killian gazed up at him, her vision blurring slightly. Her eyelids fluttered as waves of pleasure swept her body and her pussy seized uncontrollably with her orgasm.
Logan slowly loosened his grip as her body finally stopped twitching. He stroked her neck gently with one hand and pressed his lips to the gentle curve of her throat.
"Still think I'm an asshole?" he murmured.
"I still think you're kind of mean," she breathed.
"This is just a warmup, princess." He kissed her. "But you knew that, didn't you?"
She bit her lip, nodding. "Are you done with your computer stuff now?"
"I'm at a point where I can take a break." He put his laptop on the bedside table. "What made you want to come over, Kil?"
"Jack said it was okay."
"I know he did. You in it for the anal or the domination?"
"Both," she said honestly.
"Likewise," he agreed. "Fucking you was amazing, but I'm really looking forward to turning you into a subby mess, begging for my cock."
"That's so hot," she whispered, wanting to know what that was like.
He gave her a penetrating look. "I don't have those boyfriend-lover hang-ups about you that Jack does; that means I'm not going to have a problem fucking you up in ways he can't."
"You wanna fuck me up, huh?" Killian felt her heart pounding in her throat.
"I don't justwantto. I'm going to."
"Oh," said Killian, feeling a little breathless.
"I don't have a problem with fucking you until you cry. Hitting you until you see stars. Choking you until you pass out."
A shiver ran down Killian's spine. She didn't speak. She didn't even know what to say.
"You know, that would send most girls running," he said, his voice low. "Not you though. You're getting hot just thinking about it. I see it in your eyes—the way you're looking at me. And I bet I'd feel it in your wet cunt right now too, wouldn't I?"
"Yes," said Killian quietly. In response to his steady, expectant gaze, she added, "Sir."
"Who owns you while Jack's away?"
Killian already knew the answer. "You do."
"That's right," he grinned. "You're going to followmyrules. You're gonna be my slutslave this weekend—all damn weekend if I want. And when Jack comes home, you're going to show him what a subservient bitch I've taught you to be and I'm going to watch him break your sore little asshole because, sweetheart, I promise it's going to be sore by then."
"You're gonna watch?" she breathed. She hadn't considered that before.
"If you're lucky. Maybe I'll make you beg you boyfriend to let me watch."
"Fuck me," Killian moaned. His words were too much for her. She could feel juices leaking out of her pussy. She desperately needed to be filled.
"When I'm ready."
"I could help you get ready," offered Killian, glancing at the crotch of his jeans.
"My cock isn't the issue. Trust me, I've been hard since you walked through that door." He adjusted his pants and Killian could clearly see the outline of his large bulge. "But I suppose I could let you show me how much you want it. Get on your back." He unbuckled his pants. "Head towards me."
Killian lay naked across the bed. She knew what was coming next as Logan stepped towards her, freeing his erection from his pants.
"Oh, and this should go without saying, but remember to be extra quiet unless you want my parents to walk in on this."
"I know," she nodded quickly. That was the last thing she wanted.
"Good. Now, open up."
She opened her mouth in time for Logan to slip his cock in. She felt it start to glide slowly deeper before he forced it all down her throat. It was so sudden it made her choke a little.
"What's wrong, Kil? Thought you never gagged."
Killian tried to glare at him but her face was pressed into his balls, so the effect was lost. She didn't say anything; she just focused on letting his cock slide deep into her throat. She was really starting to appreciate her minimal gag reflex.
"You look so fucking cute with your mouth full of my cock, princess," he said, looking down at her fondly. "Touch your pussy. I know sucking my dick gets you going."
Killian spread her knees and started to rub her clit again. She loved that Logan was watching her masturbate while he fucked her throat. She moaned on his cock as she sucked him and played with herself.
"You know, Jack told me how things started for you guys." Logan kept thrusting into her mouth. "Told me you said you thought you got dumped for giving a bad blowjob." He put his hands behind her head and grabbed fistfuls of her hair, jerking her head back further so he could fuck her throat deeply. "What a clever way to seduce him."
With her mouth full, there was no way for her to protest.
"What kind of girl begs to suck her best friend's dick? And weren't you supposed to stop before he came? You just wanted to taste his cum so bad you couldn't help yourself."
Logan pulled his cock from her mouth, dripping saliva onto Killian's face. He slapped her, catching her completely off guard. She didn't think anyone had ever actually hit her before. It hadn't particularly hurt, but it shocked the hell out of her.
"Can't believe you had everyone thinking you were an innocent virgin. Personally, I always thought you were secretly a whore. You have this slutty-princess-bitch-dick-sucking look about you. I just didn't think you were this fucked up." He struck her again, harder this time. He glanced at her pussy, confirming she was still playing with it. She was. "Did you like touching yourself while you sucked me?"
"Yes, Sir," said Killian, feeling how wet she was.
"Do you want to taste my cum while you do it?" he asked, stroking his cock.
"Yes, please."
"Bet you've been thinking about it since last night, huh?"
"God, yes."
"Good. Now it's your turn to get covered in my jizz. Let me see you cum again first. I want to see how much you love being my bitch before I let you have it."
Killian jammed her finger insider herself while she rubbed her clit. She didn't need any encouragement. She was already close. Seeing him continue to jerk off just above her face was turning her on even more. The reminder of the night before didn't hurt either.
"I'm gonna cum really hard for you, Logan."
"Show me."
Killian moaned and pulled her fingers out of her slippery hole. "Logan," she panted.
"Yes, princess?"
"I'm spreading my lips so you can see how wet I am." She lifted her hips off the bed slightly, giving him a better view. "Will you watch my pussy so I can show you how hard I cum?" She'd never spoken like that before. It felt filthy coming out of her mouth, but he drew it out of her without even trying.
"I can't take my eyes off it. Cum for me."
Killian was rubbing herself furiously then suddenly, she stopped. She kept her finger pressed firmly to her clit as her body tensed and she started to orgasm. She tried her best to stifle the moan that escaped her lips as the pressure that had built in her pelvis finally released. She looked at her pussy just in time to see her juices start to spurt from it. She watched in aroused shock as it released several squirts of fluid. The warm liquid splattered on her stomach and the bed.
"Oh my god. I-I can't stop cumming," she breathed, as wave after wave of pleasure shook her body.
"That's it, Kil, squirt while I give you my load." He held his piece firmly in his hand as it started to twitch.
Logan's cock released jets of cum, splattering Killian's face and chest with his seed. Killian started to sit up, looking at the semen covering her. Logan pushed her forward, grabbing her by the back of the neck and forcing her head to the bed. Wet blankets pressed against her cheek.
"Feel that?" he growled. "That's what you did, filthy bitch. You got your slut juice all over my bed. You made a wet fucking mess on my blankets."
He pushed her face down and let her neck go roughly. Killian didn't move. She heard the sound of a belt being pulled from jeans. The weight on the bed shifted. He put his hand on the bed close to her face. All she could see was his tattooed wrist as he leaned closer and whispered in her ear, "Dirty sluts get punished. You know that, right?" He stood back up. "Don't even think about moving."
Killian stayed frozen, her face pressed against the cum soaked blanket and her ass in the air, wondering what was coming. He dragged his leather belt across her ass slowly.
"You're so fucking lucky we aren't alone in the house right now," said Logan, tracing a finger along in the belt's wake. "I'd put leather to your ass so hard you'd be screaming."
He grabbed her legs and slipped his belt under them, then tightened it around her thighs.
"Get on the floor. On your knees," Logan instructed, as he buttoned his pants up. He opened a dresser drawer and pulled out a bandana. Then he walked back to Killian and took a knee by her side. "This next part is gonna be fun, Kil. At least, I'll find it entertaining." Using the bandana, he tied her wrists behind her back.
"What is it?" asked Killian.
"This is it, princess." He kissed her on the cheek and stood up. "I put you where you belong. On your knees." He turned his attention from her; he straightened his bedspread and tossed another blanket over it to hide the very large and obvious wet spot. Then he sat at his desk and opened his laptop.
Killian sat back on her heals and looked at Logan, confused. "I don't get it."
"You stay like that. Waiting for me to tell you the next thing you're allowed to do. You may watch me."
Killian frowned but didn't argue. She wasn't sure this was what she had wanted. She waited, nonetheless. And waited and waited. She had a feeling that asking how long would only lengthen it so she stayed quiet.
Her knees started to ache a bit. She watched Logan as he typed, paying absolutely no attention to her.
Killian was acutely aware of how sticky her thighs were. Her cum had finally stopped dripping out of her. She could feel Logan's semen on her face and chest starting to dry.
She thought about how hot it had been to see him jerk off right above her and cover her in sperm. It had made her cum even harder. She could still see it clearly in her mind...the way her pussy had squirted and squirted while she orgasmed long and hard. She'd never done anything like that before. It had turned her on like nothing else. She felt her slit start to moisten as she replayed the moment in her head.
Her pussy was beginning to throb. Her clit was begging for attention. But Killian didn't move. She just waited, her knees aching and her pussy leaking once again.
A knock on the door startled Logan. He stood up quickly and crossed the room in two strides. He opened the door to his closet and, pulling Killian up by the shoulders, dragged her over to it easily. Killian's knees were on fire from friction against the carpet but she didn't say anything. He pushed her into the closet and closed the door. Killian's knees hit the ground just as all light vanished. Her heart was pounding; it had been so close. Had Logan not been dressed, they'd certainly have been caught.
She heard Logan open the door to his room.
"Is Killian staying for dinner?" asked his mom.
"Killian?" Logan played dumb. "No, why?"
"She's not with you?"
"Why would she still be with me? She just wanted to ask a few questions."
"I didn't see her leave."
"She went out the back," he said nonchalantly.
"I thought I heard—" Mrs. Johnson stopped short as though she decided against continuing her question. "Never mind. Dinner in five minutes."
The door of his bedroom closed. Killian wasn't sure if she was relieved or disappointed that this put an end of their little play session.
Logan opened the closet door and looked down at her. "How you holding up, sweetheart?"
"I'm okay," said Killian quietly. She didn't want to complain about her rug-burned knees or cum crusted thighs.
"Good girl." He patted her on the head and started to close the door again.
"Logan," she protested indignantly.
"What's wrong, princess? Afraid of the dark?"
"Why are you closing the door on me? I should go home."
"You'd rather go home than stay here and play with me?" he asked over his shoulder, getting something out of the bedside table.
"I'd rather play with you, but you have to go have dinner," she said grumpily.
He returned, kneeling next to her again. He was opening the plastic of a new vibrator. The cheap kind that had a rugged vibe and would fall apart after about eight hours. Killian swallowed, wondering just what Logan had in mind.
"If you can be patient for a little bit, you can have me all night. You stay and be a good bitch and I'll keep making you cum like a fucking fountain. But if you leave," he growled, "you don't come back. You don't get my cock in any of your slut holes again. And you get to explain to your boyfriend the reason I'll never fuck you again: because you didn't respect his brother, even when your only responsibility was to be a good submissive bitch for the weekend." He stared down at Killian, as though daring her to say something. "So, which is it, sweetheart? Wait for me or accept that you're a disrespectful cunt who doesn't deserve my cock, let alone my little brother's."
"I'll wait," said Killian softly, looking at the ground.
"Good." He slipped the vibrator between her thighs. Her position held it in place against her labia, but was prohibitive to it reaching her clit. Logan seemed to be aware of this but did not try to make any adjustments. "Do I need to gag that pretty mouth of yours or will you stay quiet?" He stood up and looked down at her.
"I'll stay quiet."
Logan smiled and leaned down. "I knew you'd make the right choice, princess." He kissed her forehead. "My cock is worth the wait, and you know it."
Killian nodded, gazing at Logan's stormy blue eyes; they looked darker than she remembered, and much more intimidating. He was right. She did know his cock would be worth the wait. And she had never wanted it more.
"Give me a color."
"Green," she whispered.
Logan left. Killian knelt in the dark closet, her wrists and thighs bound, and waited.
And waited.
Far worse than when he had made her wait before. It had been light and at least she could watch him work. Now there were no distractions. Nothing but darkness. The cramp between her shoulder blades. The unbearable itch of cum drying on her face.
She felt a dull ache in her knees begin after a while. It might have been two minutes; it might have been fifteen. It wasn't too bad, but it was steady. She could feel the carpet creating imprints on the tops of her feet where her weight was.
She wondered why she'd saidgreen. She could have just avoided this all together. He'd even given her a warning to use and she hadn't. He'd probably have just let her sit on the bed and wait if she had. Yet, it hadn't even crossed her mind.
In that moment, Killian really started to hate Logan. Maybe she didn't want his cock ever again. She had Jack. Jack wouldn't tie her up and leave her in a closet. Jack loved her.
She still heard Logan's words in her mind,I don't have those boyfriend-lover hang-ups about you that he does and I'm not going to have a problem fucking you up in ways he can't.
It terrified her. But, god, it turned her on so much. He was right. Normal girls would have run. Instead, Killian spread her legs, sucked his dick, and squirted hard.
Subconsciously, Killian rocked her pelvis into the vibrator, but she wasn't able to make it hit her clit. It was tingling excitedly. She wanted to play with it so badly. Just the thought of cumming like that made her want to touch herself immediately. The tease of the vibrator between her thighs, not quite making enough contact with her clit to get her off, was maddening.
Where was Logan? She was wet and craving his touch. She couldn't stop thinking about the way he'd looked down at her with those cold blue eyes. It had turned her brain to jello. She wanted him desperately.
LOGAN
Several times over the course of dinner, Logan wondered if he had gone too far. He wanted to check on her. Badly.
He should have eased her into it before locking her a damn closet. He would have if his mom hadn't interrupted. Killian seemed remarkably calm about it; he wouldn't have done it otherwise. She'd even chosen to saygreen.
He reminded himself that when he'd tied her hands up, he hadn't actually bothered to knot it. If she panicked or got overwhelmed, she could get out with very little effort. In fact, it probably would come undone if she squirmed much at all.
The twenty minutes he spent downstairs felt more like an hour.
He went to his room as soon as he could, making a stop along the way to get some alcohol wipes, bandaids, and a damp washcloth. He half expected to find Killian sitting on his bed, looking irritated and waiting. But she wasn't.
Intrigued, Logan closed his bedroom door and opened the door to the closet. Killian was right where he left her. She blinked several times against the sudden light and looked up at him. Her hair was mussed and he could see streaks of cum dried on her chest and cheek. And she just sat there, naked and quiet, gazing up at Logan while he examined her. So docile.
"Miss me?" he asked, looking down at her. Killian nodded. "You didn't move an inch did you?" he said, genuinely impressed as he assessed her position.
"No, Sir."
"Would you like me to untie you?" he said softly, squatting down next to her.
"Please."
Logan pulled the bandana from her wrists. She really hadn't struggled at all because it had stayed in place. He unbuckled his belt from around her thighs and grabbed the vibrator that was wedged between them. He ran his finger down her slit, making her moan. She was soaking wet. He spread her lips a bit with his fingers, allowing him access to press the vibrator right on her clit. She gasped. It had probably driven her crazy, having it on her pussy for 20 minutes but not where she could really get off. She rocked her pelvis slightly against the little toy, pressing it harder against her. Logan got the message and increased the pressure as he held it firmly in place. He could see the rise and fall of her chest as her breathing got quicker. She had her head turned slightly away from him, but he saw her bite her lip as she tried to stay quiet.
"I want you to look me in the eye, Killian," with his free hand, Logan took her chin—firmly but not roughly—and turned her face to him, "and thank me while you cum."
She didn't say anything. She didn't move. Neither did he. She simply held his gaze.
A little noise escaped her lips and she squeezed her thighs together. She was trying so hard to be quiet and stay still, but Logan saw her imminent orgasm building.
She gasped, her eyes never straying from his. "Thank you, Logan." She was trembling. "Thank you for letting me cum."
Once her squirming had stopped, he turned the vibrator off, picked her up, and carried her to his bed. He looked at her legs; her knees were scrapped raw from being dragged on the rug and there was a light imprint on her thighs from where Logan's belt had been. He traced the mark lightly with his fingers, inducing a shiver in Killian.
Logan opened an alcohol wipe and dabbed at her knees a bit. It was nowhere near as bad as he'd initially thought. A bit raw, sure, but there was really only one spot with broken skin at all. Though completely unnecessary, he put a bandaid on it.
He held out a damp washcloth. She just stared at it and then gave him a confused, "Huh?"
"Thought you might not want to go home with my cum all over your face," he said.
"Oh, yeah," she agreed, but didn't move. Maybe their session had been too much. She was so subdued.
Logan took the washcloth instead. "You did so good, sweetheart," he murmured as he gently wiped a couple spots of dried semen clean. His words seemed to bring her back to the present immediately and she finally met his gaze. In that moment, he knew it hadn't been too much. She hadn't freaked out or given up. She'd simply obeyed. Now, longing showed clearly on her face. It was so fucking beautiful. He softened and pulled her close; his lips met hers with a tender passion. "Stay over tonight. I want to keep you close."
"I can't," she said, sounding genuinely disappointed. "My parents know Jack is gone this weekend."
"I need you to be mine tonight, Killie." He stroked her hair gently. She needed it too. He could feel it tying them together. He had to take care of her.
"Come over later. If you'll be quiet."
He smiled and kissed her in agreement. "Tell me when your parents are asleep and I'll come over."
"Thank you," she said, with a little smirk, "Sir."
He raised his eyebrows. "That better not have been sarcastic, missy."
"It wasn't," she assured him.
Watching her pull her clothes back on, Logan said, "Shoulda worn pants."
"I know," she groaned, looking down at her rug burned knees and red thighs. There was no hiding it in shorts.
"Sorry, princess." He added, "Sorry you have to figure out how to hide it from your parents. Not apologizing for doing it to you. That, I am not sorry about at all."
"Mm, I bet." Killian stood and headed for the back door. "See you soon, stud."
KILLIAN
Killian snuck in her own back door when she got home. She didn't particularly want to be asked where she'd been, and she didn't like lying to her parents unnecessarily. Hopefully she could put on some pants, make a casual entrance and play it off like she'd been in her room the whole time.
Killian's timing turned out to be just right. She had just sat down at her desk when she got a text from her mom.
M: Will you be home for dinner?
K: Yes. I'm home now
Killian left her room and went to join her parents for dinner.
"I didn't realize you were home," Killian's mother greeted her as she sat down at the table.
"Yeah, sorry. Got back a little while ago," Killian said, leaving it vague.
"I thought Jack was gone this weekend."
"You know, one day I might blow your mind and make a friend that isn't Jack."
"I've thought that for the past fifteen years, but it hasn't happened yet," Killian's father joked. "What have you been up to today?"
"Went over to the Johnson's a while ago. Wanted to talk to Logan about college stuff."
"I didn't realize you were still seeing Logan," her mother said, raising her brows.
"Hard not to see him when he's living in the same house as Jack."
"You know perfectly well I meantdating."
"I'm not dating him. I was getting his advice about college options. Thought you'd pleased about that, if anything."
"I am pleased," she said, her husband, also nodding in agreement. "Did he have any good advice?"
"Not very applicable to me." Killian shrugged. "I'm not nearly as smart as him."
"Killian, you're a very smart girl," said her father lovingly. "He didn't tell you that, did he?"
"No," she snorted. "Mom did."
"I did no such thing," said her mother. "You're very smart, honey."
"You did. The other day. You said he's smart and I'm beautiful and we might have different goals. Well, you were right cause I wasn't even smart enough to realize you were low-key calling me stupid."
"Killie, sweetie, I didn't mean to imply you were stupid at all. It was in reference to your age and how you may have different expectations for how you wanted to spend your time together."
"Well, consider that concern no longer relevant. We are not dating. Just thought I could get some advice from someone who has their shit together."
"Language, Killian," said her mother.
"Sorry," said Killian. Feeling tired, she'd barely noticed.
"For what it's worth," added her farther, "I think you're smart and beautiful. They don't need to be mutually exclusive. You mother is proof of that."
"Thanks, Dad," Killian grumbled. Her cover story had enough truth in it to leave her feeling a bit down about the whole college thing.
When they had finished eating dinner, her father, sensing her glum mood, suggested, "Perhaps we should play a family game tonight."
"Oh, maybe tomorrow," declined Killian absently. "I might try to look at some late acceptance options."
"I suppose we can't argue with that, can we?" Her dad smiled, and mother nodded along in agreement.
Killian retired to her room, flopping back on her bed, and hoping her parents would call it an early night. She felt so tired and strangely lonely. She crept out of her room and listened from the hall every so often, waiting for silence. Around nine, she decided to text Logan.
K: My parents are watching a movie 
L: I can be patient
K: That makes one of us
L: You doing okay?
K: I just wish you were here already
L: I'll be there soon sweetheart
L: Did you get some dinner?
K: Yeah I ate with my parents
L: Good
L: Get yourself a nice big glass of water and read a book until I come over, okay?
K: Yes sir
Killian sighed and put down her phone, hoping her parents would be done with the movie soon. She went to the kitchen and got a glass of water which she took back to her room. She snuggled into the pile of pillows on her bed and read.
It felt like years—though it was really less than an hour—when Killian's parents turned off the TV and retired to their room. After about fifteen minutes of silence, Killian thought it was safe to text Logan.
K: They're asleep
L: I'll be over soon
K: My door is unlocked
Killian had a much harder time focusing on reading with the prospect of Logan showing up shortly.
"Hey, princess," he said quietly, slipping through her door.
"Hi." Killian closed her book.
He walked over to her, stroking her hair and then giving her a soft kiss. "You were really good today, Killie."
"Really?" she asked hopefully, finding herself craving his approval.
"Mm-hm. I brought a couple things over for you." He sat down on her bed and opened the drawstring backpack he'd been carrying. "Didn't know if you'd want sweet or salty, so I brought both." He pulled out a bag of chocolate covered peanut M&Ms and a bag of Lay's Baked Cheddar chips. She stared at it dumbly, completely at a loss for words. "I was going to bring you a Cherry Coke too, but I didn't want to give you caffeine this late. So I hope Sprite is acceptable."
"I—how?" She felt tongue tied. They were her favorite indulgent snacks.
"Had some help from Jack," he said slyly. "Did we do okay?"
"That's so...sweet," she said, trying not to sound taken aback. "I thought—but earlier—"
"You thought all you'd get was mean-Logan?"
"Well, yeah," she admitted.
"No. This is the part where I take care of you."
"Really?"
He nodded. "What are you in the mood for?" He pointed at the goodies.
"Sweet," she said. He tore the bag open and poured several M&Ms into her outstretched hand. "Thanks."
"What were you reading?" he asked, looking down at the book in her lap.
"Through the Woods."
"Forgot you had a thing for graphic novels. What's it about?"
"It's a collection of short horror stories."
"I thought you didn't like horror?"
"I don't like horror movies. I don't mind books."
"It's cute, your secret geek thing." He tucked a lock of hair behind her ear.
"Yeah, likewise," she laughed, her cheeks feeling warm.
Giving her some more M&Ms, he said, "So, how are you really feeling?"
"A little tired, but okay. Better now that you're here." She didn't know why she had missed him so damn much, but she had.
"You were home in time for dinner? No trouble?"
She nodded. "It was perfect timing."
"Good. I didn't want to let you go, but I know you had to get back. I'm sorry we ended so abruptly." He caressed her cheek gently. "Let's take a shower and I'll clean you up."
It wasn't until Logan said it that she realized she still had dried cum on her chest and thighs. At least he had wiped her face off before she went home. "I'm sorry, I'm not usually so needy," she apologized, feeling dirty and self-conscious as he stripped her of her clothes.
He just smiled at her, and said, "That's why I'm here," and kissed her forehead.
He undressed too and followed her into the ensuite bathroom. He kissed her neck softly as they waited for the shower to warm.
They stepped into the shower. Logan soaped her gently from head to toe, taking extra care around her raw knees. It felt good, the way he held her in the hot water. She liked the way he planted kisses on her neck and lips.
"You're so beautiful, Killian," he murmured. He was shampooing her hair with care. "You have the prettiest hair. You know that's why I call you princess, right?"
"Is it?" She hadn't known. "It wasn't my slutty-princess-bitch-dick-sucking face?"
"No," smiled, shaking his head. "You look like you belong in a fairytale. And you deserve to be treated like a princess."
"Aren't you the same person who just stuck me in a closet?" she snorted.
"Yes," he chuckled. "Guess there are different views on how to treat a princess."
"I take it you like yours locked in a tower?" Killian teased.
"Sometimes. But my favorite is bringing a princess to her knees, covering her cum, and adoring her afterwards."
"Not exactly a Disney classic, is it?"
"Not exactly," he smiled. He turned off the shower and got out, holding open her big towel and wrapping her in it. When they had both dried off, he nudged her back into her room and said, "Go put on something soft and comfy."
"You want me to put clothes on?" she raised an eyebrow.
"Unless you're more comfortable sleeping naked. But I feel like you're more of a pajama girl."
"Yeah, I don't usually sleep naked," she admitted. She pulled on cotton shorts and a tank. When she was done, she joined Logan on her bed. He was wearing sweats and didn't have a shirt on, which Killian thought was a very good look on him. "Logan," she said tentatively, when he scooped her into his arms and held her close, "I think I—there's something we should talk about."
"What's on your mind, sweetheart?" he asked.
"I liked today," she said, feeling a lot less like talking suddenly.
"I'm glad. I did too."
"And having you here now... Maybe I like it too much." She was glad her back was to him and she didn't have to look him in the eye when she said it. "In a way Jack might not like."
"Why do you say that?"
"Well, I think he probably was imagining a lot more anal and a lot less cuddling."
"You can have all the anal you want tomorrow," Logan laughed.
"I was being serious," she scowled, though it wasn't visible to him. With a sigh, she turned to face him.
"Would it ease your conscience to know Jack knows where I am and what I am doing right now. I had no plan to fuck you when I got here, and he is well aware of that."
"Oh," Killian paused, "yeah, a bit."
"What else?"
Killian blinked.What else?It felt so obvious to her she wasn't sure why she had to spell it out. "The way you looked at me..." She didn't want to admit it. "I thought you felt it too."
"Killie, sweetheart," he cupped her cheek with his hand, "I don't think you have feelings for me, if that's what you're worried about."
"How do you know how I feel," she asked reproachfully.
"Did you have any of these feelings before today?" he asked.
"No!" she said quickly. She knew with certainty that she hadn't had any romantic interest in Logan since the brief time theydatedat the end of her senior year. She wasn't even sure that had been romance. A lusty, rebellious, revenge crush seemed more accurate.
"Good," said Logan, as though that explained something. "It's mutual."
"But...this afternoon. I felt so close to you. And I missed you so fucking much when I left."
"That's mutual too," he smiled. "Killian, when you give another person power over you—like you did when you came over today—that's a special thing. We are close, and I care for you deeply, but this isn't romance. What you feel with me is trust and endorphins. And it feels really good, for me too. Itisspecial, but it's not like your relationship with Jack."
"Huh." Killian thought through what he'd said. It had been as soon as he'd returned and untied her. He'd been everything in that moment. But she hadn't felt it outside that context. "That kind of makes sense."
"Does that help explain things?"
She nodded. "Thank god," she let out a relieved sigh. "Sorry," she said hastily, "that sounded rude."
"I know what you mean," he laughed. "I don't want to cross any lines either."
"Thanks, Logan, for explaining things to me."
"I'm always happy to help. You feeling a bit more comfortable? It not, I can go."
"Don't go," she said quickly. "I want you here tonight. Badly." Now she knew it was okay to feel it, she wanted to stay in his arms.
As if reading her mind, he pulled her close. They stayed like that, quietly, for several minutes. Killian wiggled around, nudging Logan onto his back so she could fit herself against his body and rest her head on his chest. He kissed her forehead and pet her hair, damp as it was.
"You remind me of a Sour Patch Kid," said Killian absently. "First you're sour, then you're sweet."
"You're adorable," he chuckled. "What were you thinking about when I was gone?"
"Oh, I talked to my parents about college, got bummed out, and then read for a bit."
"I meant when you were in the closet. But do you want to talk about that?"
"No." She thought about it. "I guess I was kind of pissed at you. Then at myself when I realized I'd agreed to it. Then I was thinking about some of the things you said earlier which ending up turning me on."
"Didn't think you'd make it until I got back. I was surprised."
"Didn't really have another option."
"You did. I didn't even knot the tie on your wrists. Would have fallen off as soon as you tried to move."
"Seriously?" she asked, shocked.
"Course, princess. Safeword doesn't do much good if I'm not around to hear. Wanted to make sure you could get out if I wasn't there. Why didn't you try to move?"
"I-I don't know," she said, confused by herself. "You told me to stay there. I guess I just...wanted to obey." That made Logan smile. "And I remembered you saying you wanted to fuck me up, so I figured it was in my best interest to do what you said."
"Did that scare you, sweetheart?"
"Not, like,scaredscared. More like, I dunno...anticipation. I was kind of curious what you'd do if you'd seen I tried to move. But mostly I wanted to show you I could do what you said."
"I noticed with Jack you push back more. You're fisty. But you don't seem to give me that attitude. Why not?"
"Because with Jack it's fun to get him worked up. He'll hold me down and maybe spank me a bit and then fuck my brains out. I don't know what would happen if I got you worked up like that, but I have a feeling there would be some repercussions. Is that wrong? Am I bad at being submissive?" Killian found herself worrying.
"No, Killie, you're wonderful. I'm just trying to figure you out. You're a little brat with Jack which drives him wild and you like his funishment—"
"Funishment?" she repeated.
"Yeah. Fun punishment," he explained, which made Killian giggle. "You're right that the results would be much different if you did that with me. More punishment, less fun." His statement made her shiver and he smiled at her. "I just think it's really interesting that you picked up on that instinctively."
"You know, I didn't think you were serious when you said you would hit me so hard I saw stars," she admitted.
"If that's where you want to draw the line, it won't happen again."
"No," said Killian quickly. She didn't know where she'd draw the line, but she knew she wasn't there yet.
"I can be one hell of a mean motherfucker. If it gets you off. But you're in control, Kil. I'll only go as far as you want to go. Remember that, okay?"
"I want to know how mean you can be," said Killian.
He raised his eyebrows. "I don't think you really know what you're asking for."
"You play up bad boy pretty well," she said silkily.
"Play up?" he snorted.
"Were you serious when you said you'd fuck me so hard I'd cry and then keep fucking me anyway?"
"That's not something I would joke about."
"Oh." Killian felt her stomach squirm in anticipation. "You really can get mean, huh?"
"Does that scare you or does it turn you on?"
"Both," she admitted.
"That's so sexy." He sat up and turned her away from him. "Lemme braid your hair, it's all wet."
Killian smiled to herself while he worked his fingers through her hair. Every time she thought she was starting to get Logan, he'd say something that completely surprised her. The dichotomy of his sweetness fascinated her.
"Tell me more about today, Kil. What you liked or didn't like."
"I guess it would be a copout answer if I said I liked all of it?"
"A bit," he agreed. "Is that true though?"
"I think so." She thought about it. "Like, even things I didn't like, I still liked. If that makes sense."
"Like what?"
"When you made me masturbate while you ignored me. That pissed me off. But at the same time, I got off on it so hard. And when you shut me in the closet. It was so frustrating and I couldn't believe you'd actually done that. Yet, I went from wishing I could leave to kind of zoning out and thinking about you, and by the time you got back I was so...needy and horny?" She didn't know how best to describe it. "So even though I didn't necessarilylikethose things at the time, I sort of liked not liking it."
"Was there anything you liked especially a lot?"
"The way you made me cum when you got back."I want you to look me in the eye and thank me while you cum. Absolute domination with no physical force. It was possibly the most erotic orgasm she'd ever experienced. "And it kind of freaked me out when I thought you were gonna belt me," she shivered. "But I really liked that feeling."
"Mm," Logan kissed her neck, sending another shiver down her spine, "that's hot, princess." Done braiding her hair, he lay back down and pulled Killian on to of him. "I wanted to do it. Would have if we were alone."
"Does it hurt?"
"It can. Or not. Are you comfortable with trying that?"
"I want to."
"It's such a turn on to hear you say that," he said lowly, and Killian could feel his hardness press against her as proof.
She ground against him a little bit, eliciting a soft groan from him. "Is that what you want too?" she murmured in his ear.
He nodded. "I'd beat you hard enough to leave welts for a week if you let me."
Killian felt the tingling warmth of arousal spread through her pelvis. She wondered if she'd be able to handle that. She'd loved seeing bruises on her hips from Jack grabbing her roughly. The thought of seeing proof of Logan's belt on her ass was very intriguing.
She pressed her lips to Logan's throat. Ran her tongue lightly along it. Kissed it softly. Logan gave her a low growl of arousal. She nipped him gently. He yanked her head back by her hair—forcefully but not rough—exposing her neck to him. She shuddered as his lips found her skin, roaming experimentally down the curve and up the front of her throat. His teeth scraped the crook of her neck and she thrust involuntarily against him.
"Sensitive?" he asked quietly.
"Very," she breathed.
His hands found her ass and ground her against him as he continued to explore her tender flesh with his mouth. "Tell me more," he murmured.
It was hard for her to speak when he was teasing her like that. Hard for her to think. "I like it when you call me dirty names," she managed to say.
"Slut?" he said; she nodded. "Whore?" She nodded again. "Bitch?" When Killian nodded again, he said, "Is there anything youdon'twant to be called?"
She thought about it. "I guess I'd rather not be called a cunt, but I don't mind my pussy being called that."
"Noted."
"And I liked it when you said horrible things to me that I shouldn't like at all," she admitted. "Like when you said you owned my ass. Or that I didn't deserve your cock. And whatever you said when you pushed my face down on your wet blankets." Her cheeks felt very warm.
"Degrading things?"
"That makes it sound worse," said Killian self-consciously, "but yeah, I guess so."
"Don't judge yourself." He kissed her. "It's okay to want certain things in the bedroom that you wouldn't be okay with in another setting. I can't even begin to explain how attractive I find your submissive side, Killie."
"Really?"
"Mm-hm." He nodded. "You like being threatened too, huh? It was one of the first things I noticed."
"If I don't do what you say, you'll fuck me till I can't walk." Killian nodded shyly. It was one of the first things she realized she liked too. "That does it for me," she shivered.
"I wonder if you like the follow through or just the threat," Logan mused.
"I don't know," breathed Killian. She'd wondered the same thing too. "You're so hard right now," she said lowly, grinding against him slowly and feeling his arousal.
"I know, sweetheart. You make me want to do terrible things to you."
"Such as?" she prompted. She knew he was trying to figure her out, but she was curious too.
"Keep you tied up as my slutslave. Waiting on your knees next to me. I'd make you my personal fuck toy, ready to take me whenever I felt like it."
"The thought of being used like that is really hot."
"Yeah? You want to be treated like a sex doll who's only job is to receive cum."
"God, yes," she said longingly.
"Oh Killian," he moaned, "you are the perfect slut."
"I need you inside me, Logan," she whispered in his ear. "Or do you prefer,Sir?"
Logan groaned. "I told you, I didn't come here to fuck you." His hand had found its way between her thighs to her pussy which was especially hot and juicy.
"Does that mean you don't want to?" Killian reached to her bedside table and pulled a bottle of lube from the drawer, already knowing the answer.
"Are you gonna be able to stay quiet?" he asked as she handed it to Logan.
"Yes." She knew it would be hard for her to take it in the ass but she wanted it so badly she didn't care. "If you're gentle."
He nodded. "Hands and knees," instructed Logan huskily, opening the bottle.
Killian felt Logan drip cool lube onto her asshole. He rubbed his head against her, teasing her. She was dizzy with desire to be filled but nervous at the prospect of being stretched out like that again. Logan was pressed against her puckered hole. Killian tried desperately to relax.
Nothing happened. Killian looked back at Logan. He leaned forward, circling her waist with his arm and holding her close, as he said lowly, "Show me how badly you need me inside you, princess. Fuck yourself on my cock."
Killian hesitantly pushed back against Logan's stiff cock. She winced, feeling her asshole straining to accommodate his tip. Killian closed her eyes and exhaled, trying to relax her ring. Finally, his cock slid in a little farther. Killian grunted as she allowed more of him inside.
"That's it, Kil, you're doing so good."
Killian's butt finally touched Logan's hips. She had managed to get him completely inside. With a whimper, she slowly began to rock forward, starting to withdraw his cock, before pushing him back into her. Her ass was adjusting to being filled again.
Logan sat back on his heals, pulling her up with him so they were both kneeling. Her back was to Logan's chest and he kept his arms around her. She moaned softly. It started to feel good as she stretched out for him and slowly bounced on his cock. Killian moved her hand between her legs and started to massage her clit.
"Are you going to cum nice and hard with my dick in your ass again?" he asked, his voice low in her ear. "It's so hot that you came your first time doing anal."
"Thanks to you."
He kissed her neck. "I'm glad I made you feel so good, princess." Logan held her close in his arms. "It's the least I could do for the gift you gave me."
"You liked being my first?" she asked breathlessly.
"That would be an understatement," he said gruffly.
"Does it turn you on," she breathed, "knowing I've only ever feltyourcock in my ass?"
The only reply Killian got from Logan was a deep, affirmative growl. She pushed her hips back into him and he met her with a driving thrust that made her squeal. She'd been working her clit with her finger when she felt Logan's hand behind hers. He reached under her and stroked at her slippery slit. "You're so wet," he growled; his fingers played with her sticky juices. "Didn't take long to turn you into a buttslut, did it?" He held them up so she could see them shining with the proof of her excitement.
Killian whimpered quietly as Logan started to grind against her butt, almost bouncing her up and down in their current position. They were both still in an upright kneeling position and he'd kept one arm wrapped firmly around her middle the whole time. Killian had never thought of anal as a particularly intimate act but she had never felt so close to Logan.
She felt his hand against hers, moving her fingers away from her clit. "Let me try," his voice was low in her ear. His fingers explored her folds, finding her hot spot easily. "You have to tell me how you like it."
Killian hadn't really thought about it before, but she realized as much as Logan had pleased her, it had mostly been with his mouth. He had, however, watched her get herself off several times and evidently had paid attention. After a few adjustments, he was rubbing her clit more effectively than most guys she'd dates had bothered to learn how to do.
She bit her lip, trying not to moan aloud. She reached back, stroking his head and encouraging him to kiss her neck. She liked the way the soft bristles of his hair felt under her fingers where it was cut the shortest near his neck. Her breaths had become shallower, her returning thrusts were eager.
"Don't stop," she breathed. He bit her neck softly and continued the steady movements. He felt incredible, holding her tightly, buried deep inside, rubbing her off. "Will you cum with me, Sir?" She was so close. She felt him nod.
Killian let the pleasure crest in her. Overwhelming her with the intensity of it. She shuddered and gasped. With one final deep thrust, he held her tight. She could feel his cock pulsing in her ass as he came.
He pulled out slowly once they had both stilled. Logan laid down and she collapsed in his arms. She sought his lips with hers. He tenderly made out with her as they both recovered.
"That was so incredible," she said finally.
"Better than the first time?"
"Easier." She nodded.
"You've been doing so good," he praised. "It's really hot, how hard you try to get better at it."
"I'm a highly motivated student."
"Feel ready to take Jack yet?"
"If I say yes, do I still get to fuck you tomorrow?"
"Yes," he chuckled.
"I feel pretty ready. You think Jack realized how big your dick actually was when he came up with this plan?"
"Doubtful. As far as I know, last week was the first time he saw me naked and hard."
"I was wondering about that."
"I'm sorry to ruin any fantasies you might have had about us comparing erections, but I can assure you nothing like that ever happened."
"Not so much that." She shrugged. "But I wouldn't be surprised to learn I'm not the first girl you guys tag teamed."
"You're definitely the only one."
"Mm that's pretty hot. Didn't expect there to be many firsts left for either of you."
"You opened a Pandora's box of firsts that I don't think either of us had really considered."
"Still trying to figure out how I got so lucky," she laughed.
Logan chuckled. "Come on, princess, let's get cleaned up. I'm looking forward to sleeping with you in my arms tonight."