Holy shit, this story does not know what it wants to be. The lead character's motivations are conflicting. Is she a sub, or a dom? Is she shy, or outgoing? The woman makes no sense. Still, it was kind of fun to write, and one tiny element of this story is loosely based on a true event in my life. I should probably have written about that, rather than this absurd debacle, but here we are.
Last thing: I'm finishing the last chapter of my series, The Meet. For those who haven't read it (and if you like my style), check it out. Though it has lots of editing/writing errors, its heart is in the right place, and it's one of my personal favorites. So please get caught up, before I publish the last chapter. If you don't like my style, that's cool, too. There are some amazing writers here, far better than me, but I am always open to criticism. :)
___________________
Finally, with the World Naked Bike Ride coming up this weekend, it was a chance to show the world I'm not a prude, regardless what they think about me at the library. If I dressed like the others girls who work there, they would be saying much shittier things about me, believe me. I always wear thick bras and blouses, with vests and jackets, and long work slacks. This minimizes the "bimbo" figure I've been cursed with. It's certainly better that I adorn those kinds of outfits, rather than the short skirts and low-cut blouses I've seen others wear to work.
When I was a bit younger, I was often accused of being a slut, but my actions were no different than any other single girl. Simply the act of being 'hot' gets some women jealous and talking. It's just a sad truth of the human condition. Ever since those horrible experiences, I've dressed down to avoid the bullshit.
The thing is, I have a secret fantasy. It's shameful and humiliating to admit (if I get completely honest about it), and I have always rejected acting on it. Still, this fantasy haunts me. Allow me to explain, but promise you won't judge me poorly for it. Here it is: I have a sick desire to feel "sexy" and it absolutely monopolizes my mind.
I don't know if "sexy" is the right word, either. More like, I'd like to be seen as a sexobject, ogled and fantasized about, by friends and strangers alike. Perhaps my actions over these past years have made me outwardly prudish, and awakened a polar-opposite kink in me. I often daydream about coworkers and strangers treating me like a slut, made to wear the skimpiest of outfits, or even fondled at will.
As I mentioned, I've rejected on acting on such thoughts, but the World Naked Bike Ride was an excuse to play on the edges of these fantasies. If anything, I would experience a day of being nude in front of others, something I haven't experienced since my last boyfriend. That was over three years ago.
I approached Beth and Marcy, my two female subordinates (and the worst offenders about calling me a prude). They were talking with James, the tech guy. "Hey, you two," I whispered, butting in. "I wanted to ask you something."
"Yes, Wanda?" they asked in unison. Even James thought he was included in this conversation, leaning in to listen. I suppose it didn't matter.
My plan was to have this play out where the girls would no longer tease me of being prudish. Once they saw me naked, I figured they would be happy they weren't "competing" with me at work. They'd stop making fun of my conservative outfits and mannerisms, and I'd get to enjoy a day of fun, to boot. This experience would certainly end the conversations that I'm a prude.
"Um, I don't know if you know this, but I am participating in that naked bike event tomorrow. The one you guys were talking about last week."
"Oh, my goodness," exclaimed Marcy. "With all those exhibitionists?"
"No," I said, putting my plan into action. "I looked into it, Marcy. Many people participate in the ride as an opportunity to voice their opinions on public matters. It's a form of peaceful protest, as much as it is a community event. I am going to represent the library; a harmless message where my nudity represents how bare the funding has become. I was hoping you girls would join me."
James perked up. "I'll go," he beamed.
Beth started protesting, "Uh, I dunno..."
"Yeah, I already have plans tomorrow," muttered Marcy, her eyes shifting down.
I was prepared for 'no' answers from the girls, though I was not prepared for a man to accept the offer, as it was never my intent. I had scripted out exactly how I would convince the girls to come, but now it didn't matter. With James going, he'd be sure to tell them how hot I am, and maybe even show them pictures.
"I hope you reconsider," I said, giving the girls the time and location as to where I would be in preparation for the ride. "Just in case you change your mind," I said.
"I'll see you there," said James, bright-eyed and smiling.
Already, the thought of that young man seeing me naked got me wet. "Can't wait," I said. Beth and Marcy's mouths were speechless. I think I just blew their minds.
****
I was well prepared for the WNBR (as I'd come to call it), shaving completely, primping my hair and using absolutely no body paint. I even drove to the event naked, eager to experience people watching me. I looked forward to the idea of posing in pictures with others, too. It all made me very horny.
I wasn't expecting a news crew to be there, though. I wrestled my bicycle from the back seat of the car, and began walking it towards the center of the park. One of the men from the local KJAX channel came rushing to me. I glanced around, noticing I was one of only a few naked people around at the moment. "Care for a quick interview?" he asked. Another man who was holding the camera came hopping behind, pointing it at me, or rather at my chest.
"Of course," I said. I'd already come up with the lie, as to why I was here today, so it felt right to roll with it. "I represent our public library. We are providing more services than ever, and yet we are continually stripped of funding, struggling to keep up."
As I talked, I noticed James from the library, dressed and pushing a mountain bike, strolling toward us. He was right on time, actually, and practically frothing at my nudity. He somehow managed to turn his attention to the news crew, watching them while they rapped up the interview. Finally, after parting ways with the news team, I turned to James.
"Wow, is that going to be on television?" he asked.
"I hope so," I said. "It's a good message."
James struggled to maintain eye contact. "Yeah.. uh.. yeah.. yes it is. I mean, sure, the library nee-"
"Cut the bullshit, James. You're totally getting off, looking at my body right now. I want you to take a good look. Stare at me all day. I am stark fucking naked, and I want you to absolutely love it. Hell, think of me in uncompromising positions, James." I stepped closer, whispering, "If I am going to dress - or rather, undress - like a slut, I want to be thought of as one."
All my pent up frustration was coming out, and James was taking the brunt of it. I could deny anything and everything later, so I just went for it, improvising at every step, but pushing my fantasy.
"Wh.. what?" he muttered.
"Don't be one bit ashamed about perving on me, James. I tell you what. Do it enough, and I might just let you touch me."
James was shaking his head in disbelief. "Lady, you are one, crazy..."
"Look at my tits, James. My ass? Pussy? For fuck's sake, tell me I'm hot and you want to fuck me." I thought for a moment that I might be taking the fantasy too far. I guess we'd find out.
"You're hot, Wanda. Definitely hot, but I don't know about the other... just yet. You might be insane."
"Yeah, we'll see how you feel by the end of the day."
Then I heard someone behind me. "Wanda?" she asked.
I spun around, poised high, recognizing the voice and wanting to ensure she got a good view of me. "Beth?"
She was dressed, with Marcy next to her, both approaching with bikes. "Yeah, we just got here. We decided to join your cause."
Marcy moaned, "Yeah, but I uh..."
I expected they would be intimidated when they saw me naked, and envy was in their eyes, stunned I hid this figure under all the baggage I normally wear. I pressed them, "Come on, Beth. Marcy? I'm already naked. You must join in immediately. James will, too." I glanced over, noticing he was sporting an erection under his shorts. That poor bastard might have a tough day trying to keep that under control, I thought gleefully, as I continued pushing for Beth and Marcy to join me.
"You girls are so cute," I cried. "I'll bet, if you don't do it, you will always think back on this day wishing you had participated. You absolutely must! Come on, what do you say?"
Finally, they caved, and ten minutes later their pert bodies were as naked as mine. James was thrilled, evidenced by his unwavering hard-on. He had yet to slip his shorts off, but the girls and I gave him a pass... for the moment. Even they saw he was struggling. I winked at him as the girls undressed, and while I could tell he took a particular interest in Marcy, whenever he looked at me, I would perk up, forcing him to fully check me out. It was clear he enjoyed the view.
As more people piled into the park, we started mingling, and before long, Beth and Marcy weren't bothered one bit by their nudity. I'm not sure they even noticed they were naked. They just fit in.
But I noticed.
Every eye that ogled, every pair of lips that smacked, every positive reaction I incurred, absolutely everything affected me in a sensual and sexual way. I was getting damp in the crotch from being on display, and frankly, I was getting lots of attention. Cameras continued to click around me, and I must have posed for two dozen photos or more before the ride even began.
When we finally mounted our bikes, the feeling of the rubber seat pressing against my crotch got me even hornier. If I would have brought a shawl or something, I probably would have wrapped my waist. I was grateful I had the courage to leave everything behind, forcing me to continue on without a stitch of clothing.
Jake's erection didn't subside, but he undressed anyway, just before he got on his bike. He sat in such a way as to minimize the problem, and was looking up at the trees and road signs, rather than the people around him. Obviously, he was trying to get his erection down. I rolled up next to him, whispering, "No way, mister. You better keep your eyes on me, you got that?"
"I can't" he protested. "Do you not see the issue I'm having right now?"
"I don't care. Own it. But you better take advantage of this." I pedaled in closer and whispered, "I don't want you to just admire my body. I want you to sexualize me. Think about me in the worst of ways."
"I thought this was a peaceful protest, not some crazy sex kink of yours."
"I don't care what you think it is. And if you tell anyone I told you to imagine me like a sex object, I will say you are lying."
"Fine," James huffed.
"And I expect you to do the same with the other girls. Think of fucking all of us. Using us. Fantasize about us sucking that stiff cock of yours. Think what that would be like. Think of it all, when you look at us."
James blushed. "Wanda, that is wrong with you? I am not a creep. You cannot ask m-"
"You might not be a creep, but I'm telling you to do it, anyway. You know you can't get it out of your mind. Look at me, James." Finally, he turned to me, unable to resist examining me from head to toe again. "I'm going to be naked for some time, and I am giving you permission to love it."
"Why?" he pleaded.
"Why not?" I paused. "How about this? Because I am telling you to. And later, you will tell me all about it. Tell me everything you conjured in that brain of yours." Without giving him an opportunity to protest, I kicked off the pedal and got a head start, letting him watch my ass, waving it his direction. "Now keep up!" I yelled back.
James wasn't the only one checking me out. Plenty others were, too. From folks that directly approached me, to ones too embarrassed to even say hello. Many would casually ride along near me, pretending they weren't checking me out as hard as they actually were. There were a few perverts in the crowd, sneaking camera shots (and me, seeking those perverts out). I didn't care if my body was plastered all over the internet. To me, I was protected from criticism, by the sheer number of people participating in the ride.
Most people were there for the fun of it. Others, to relay a serious message. Perhaps there were a few like me, who took a bit more pleasure than others in the act of exhibitionism.
Beth and Marcy pushed ahead of James and me every few minutes, and would then come back. It was as if they felt like having James see them naked for too long made them uncomfortable. So far, he had followed my instructions and I noticed James flirted especially with Marcy. Beth looked somewhat uneasy about it, but didn't say anything.
I was proud of James. He still hadn't managed to control his erection, but eventually he just went with it. Once, when he approached Marcy to get her insight on the event, it was practically slapping against his belly button as he pedaled along side her. Beth rolled up next to him and finally confronted him about his aroused state. "You enjoying yourself, James?"
"Oh, yeah. I don't even know about that," he stuttered. "It just is what it is, and since I promised to go naked..."
The girls laughed and Marcy said, "It's okay, James. We won't mention it after today."
"We might think of it..." whispered Beth. I don't think the others heard her.
As the girls kicked ahead of us again, I wrestled away from an admirer and had a chance for another private chat with James. He turned to me, staring at my heavy tits as they softly swayed in stride. "Yeah, this is getting easier," he said.
"What's that?" I asked.
"You know why I can't keep this erection down, Wanda. I am doing exactly what you asked me to do. I was just saying, it's getting easier."
"Oh, yeah? Well, I look forward to having you tell me your thoughts later. In the meantime, keep it up."
"Metaphorically? Or?"
I laughed. "All of it." He laughed too, though he did look a bit flush in the cheeks. "You're thinking of something now, aren't you?" I asked. I kicked my pedal and pulled in closer to James, so only he could hear me. "I want you to think about putting that big cock of yours between my tits. I mean it. When you look at my tits, I want you to think of that, got it?"
What had gotten into me? I came to this event, expecting to enjoy the pleasure of a few fond admirers, but I ended up really pushing this fantasy. I thought, 'Why stop now?' as I continued talking to dirty to James. "Have you thought about fucking Marcy in that tight ass of hers?"
Now I saw James visibly blush. It struck a nerve.
"Oh, you do like her, don't you?" I pressed. James nodded, but wouldn't look at me. "Yeah, I thought so. You need to show that body of yours off to her... and that beautiful cock. Make her want to think things about you, like you're thinking about her."
"Stop it, already, Wanda. You're trying to embarrass me." James and I were pedaling close, side by side. He turned to me again, and naturally his eyes shifted again to my heavy, swaying tits.
"Tell me you like it," I said.
"I don't."
"You're lying," I insisted. "You might be uncomfortable, but you love it."
James shook his head, but not from disagreeing with me, rather frustration. "Well? Of course I like it, but it isn't right."
"I told you. I gave you permission to think of me like a slut."
"Fine. With you, I'll do it, but stop asking me to think of Marcy that way. She's a nice girl."
Speak of the devil, Marcy and Beth were pulling back towards us again. Marcy gave a curious look, perhaps with a tinge of jealousy behind it.
"Should we ask them if it's okay?" I whispered to James.
"Shut up, just shut up, you filthy slut," James whisper-shouted back at me.
***
I admit, the word 'slut' sent a shiver down my spine. It aroused me. Flat out, got me soaking wet. I didn't have time to process it, but it was my first reaction. Was I really a slut? Personally, I don't think a little role-play warrants that definition, but I wanted him to call me that again.
***
Beth and Marcy continued to slow their pace, allowing James and I to reach them. Beth veered to the right on James' side, while Marcy came closer to me. "What you guys talking about?" she asked me.
"Nothing," blurted James.
"That's not true," I responded, peering at him. "We were admiring your perfect ass, Marcy. My god, it's delightful."
"WANDA!" Beth screamed, but Marcy erupted in laughter.
"Oh, come on, Beth. You know Wanda is just joking." Marcy pitched back to me, "Huh, you're maybe more fun than I first thought."
I grinned, but James beat me to the response. "You have no idea," he said.
An Asian man appeared to Beth's right. He was dressed, but on a scooter and shooting lots of pictures. I pointed him out, as Beth had her attention focused on James. "You have an admirer," I said.
She turned, and almost stumbled over, "Hey! Not cool!" Beth screamed. "What if my Dad sees those?"
"I dunno," said Marcy, winking towards James' erection. "I think he may have been trying to get pictures of James."
While the four of us pedaled along, I realized the sight of three naked attractive ladies (and one male friend sporting a hard-on) seemed to capture the attention of almost every onlooker. It wasn't just the Asian. People rushed from everywhere to open their phones and cameras on us, to capture the rare public display.
And I was soaking. Utterly dripping. There was no hiding it. Juices poured from my seat, to the bar beneath it, and nearly to the chain. Marcy was the first to mention it, when she pulled in close to me and whispered, "Wanda, are you going to be okay there?"
I laughed. What could I do about it? We were over halfway finished with the ride, and there was no going back. "I can't control it," I said. "I guess I have the same problem James has? Just the girl version of it."
Marcy shook her head, smirking. "I never would have guessed."
Before she could continue, I interrupted her chain of thought, "I think you caught James' attention, you know that."
"Not so loud," she mouthed.
"Yeah, you know it." James and Beth were talking amongst each other, so I wasn't concerned about them hearing us.
"You really think so?" Marcy asked.
"Just keep wiggling that cute little ass in front of him. I can tell it drives him nuts."
Marcy didn't even reply, instead kicking faster, pulling ahead of the three of us. In seconds, she was perched a bike length in front of James, with her ass raised high in the air. I bellowed in laughter and James almost died from the shock of the sight. He composed himself and turned to me, mouthing, "What is happening?"
"Oh, nothing. Just enjoy the ride, James." I shook my tits and pinched one of the nipples. James smiled, turning to face Marcy, or her ass, anyway. Can't say I blame him.
Beth cut around and approached to my left. "Wanda, you have to tell me what is going on."
"What?" I asked, innocently.
"Come on. You've been talking with James for half the ride, plotting something."
I turned to Beth. She was surprisingly fit, but smaller up top than I'd have guessed. I don't know what got over me, but I addressed it. "You wear padded bras, don't you?"
"Wanda! That's not fucking cool."
"No, I don't mean to insult you, Beth, but I can tell, you must wear them. But you know what? You have that classic 'Cher' kind of figure. It's obviously you work out, or stay active, and you have this smoking, lean, hot body. You just don't own it. All that's missing is confidence."
Beth was barely pedaling, mouth agape, perhaps offended I played impromptu, armchair psychologist with her. But then, her face softened and she asked, "Do you really think that? I'm that hot?"
"Beth... why don't you perk up and look around. Pay attention to people looking at you. You're a goddess."
"Well, uh, thank you. But hey, you're trying to change the subject."
"Am I?" I asked.
"About you and James. Something's up, isn't it?"
"We're closing in on the finish, Beth. Why don't we all catch up at the end of the race."
Beth huffed, but seemed less agitated than earlier, a little less intimidated by Marcy and me. I pulled back, allowing Beth to cross over, next to James. She poised herself high on the bike, before opening a conversation.
For the last few minutes of the ride, I waved to strangers, stopped for pictures and even mingled a bit. Finally, I hopped back on my bike and found my way back to our party. James already had his underwear on, though his erection was still broadly announced. The girls were sorting out their clothes, about to dress.
"Where you been?" asked Marcy.
"Got held up a bit."
"So my apartment's like four minutes from here. I was just inviting Beth and James for some drinks, maybe pizza. Call it a work party. Wanna join?"
Suddenly, I was nervous. I had never been invited by a coworker to anything, so I didn't want to pass on it, but I also had no clothes with me. Say whatever you want, all three would find it very strange that I would drive all the way over here from my side of town, naked. I had to fess up, or decline.
"I'd love to come," I exclaimed. "But um... well..."
"What? Do you have something else planned?" Beth asked. The two girls were halfway dressed now, as I stood starkers before them. James was now putting on his shoes.
"I was afraid I might back out of this," I lied. "So I drove all the way here without clothes, forcing me to go naked at the event."
Marcy immediately burst into laughter, while Beth and James held more cynical looks.
"I know. it sounds crazy, but it's what i did. If you're good with me going naked to your place, or if you have something I can wear..."
Marcy giggled. "Wanda. I'm not sure even Dolly Parton has something that would fit you, much less me. But yeah, come on. Who gives a shit if you're naked?"
"I don't," I said, almost too fast, but then Beth completely surprised me.
"Sorry, Marcy. I can't have Wanda being the only naked girl at this party. Guess I'm in, too." Instantly, Beth peeled off her shirt, displaying her small, pert tits and perfect pink nipples.
The day was getting more interesting...
***
Lots of people have dark fantasies and I imagine - hell, I KNOW - sometimes a fantasy is always better left a fantasy. But in this particular history of mine, that is not the case, when we all met up at Marcy's apartment.
****
"Wow," said Beth, coming in last, just behind me. "This place is all yours?"
The front door opened to a kitchen/living room arrangement, with the kitchen immediately to the right. The living area was even smaller, holding a couch, pointed not far from a mid-sized, flat-screen television. Both rooms were dressed to a bare minimum, to maximize walking space. A hall from the living room, I assume, led to the bathroom and bedroom.
Marcy pulled out a bottle from a cabinet, and started pouring glasses. "Hell, I don't think this place is big enough for one, Beth, much less two," she laughed. "But it is mine. My dad bought it for me, so I wouldn't have to worry about high rents in the city."
"How cool."
"Why don't you guys sit on the couch. I'll bring in a kitchen chair or two."
Beth and James were the first to walk over to the couch. Beth took the position closest to the door, while James sat in the middle, or perhaps a bit left of middle, unsure where he should place himself. I hopped over, my tits bouncing.
"This is something you don't get everyday, huh?" I directed at James. "Sitting between two naked women?" I pushed him closer to Beth, and took the opposite end position. James blushed, and I pitched up to look at his crotch. Sure enough, his penis still defied gravity and logic, hard as stone under his shorts. I snickered, "Keep that up, and you'll be in the hospital for blue balls."
"Hey!" teased Beth. "Give him a break. You have to admit... this is kind of crazy for him."
"You got that right," James huffed.
"Not that you haven't been enjoying it, right, James?" Marcy practically yodeled, as she strolled in, carrying two wine glasses. More importantly, she was stark naked, and that surprised all of us. "Well?" she asked, handing the drinks to me and Beth. "Are you going to join us, or what?"
Marcy was staring James down, and it finally registered with him. She was asking him to stripl, too. "No way!" he cried, holding his hands up. "You know I am messed up right now. Give me a break. It's embarrassing."
"That is anything, but embarrassing," said Marcy, turning to fetch the other two drinks. "But your call, pal!"
I jabbed James on the shoulder. "Come on. We all want you to do it, so get naked. Right, Beth?"
Beth came to Jame's defense. "Oh, you let him make his own decisions. Whatever he's comfortable with." James exhaled, relieved someone was batting for him, until she finished her statement. "But I know I would love to see that amazing cock again."
I was getting more familiar with Marcy's cackle-laugh when she found something funny, but even that one had me reeling. Everyone was utterly shocked by Beth's admission. Marcy was back with the other two glasses of wine, passing one off to James. "And we're not even one glass in yet," she winked.
"What do you say, James?" I whispered, but just loud enough for all to hear. "Maybe you should get naked, or I could tell them what you were doing on the bike ride."
"No!" James jerked. "Okay, okay, if you all want me to get naked, I'll get naked." He stood up, removing his shirt in the process, before going for the shorts. Marcy stepped back, only a few feet away, smiling.
"Wait a minute," said Beth. "What was James doing on the bike ride?"
"Oh, nothing," I said. "Just a conversation we had."
"I knew you two were up to something. Come on. Tell me!"
James shoved out of the rest of his clothing and jumped back down on the couch between us. "Leave it alone, please," he begged. "I'm naked. Isn't that enough?" In one swoosh, he emptied the glass of wine he'd been offered. He held the glass up to Marcy. "Please? Another?" he begged.
Again, with her laugh, which I found cuter and cuter, Marcy quickly marched off to top off the glass. Beth pressed the issue again and leaned past James, touching his arm and thigh in the process, to direct her question to me. "Wanda, what were you guys doing on the ride? I have to know."
James was shaking his head, and I patted him on the leg. "I promised James I wouldn't say." Beth's brows furrowed, and she was about to bark at me, when I said, "But I didn't promise I wouldn't show you."
"Hey, waitaminute!" cried James.
"Oh, relax, James!" I leaned in closer to Beth and now, and both of us had our hands on James' opposite thighs. Even though I wasn't close to his erection, I could almost feel the strength of it, from the blood pumping through the veins in his legs.
"Beth, tell me? Do you think James has a nice body?"
Beth pulled back a bit, glaring her coworker up and down. "Well, yeah. Who wouldn't? You're perfect, by the way, James. Why do you hide it?" James blushed in response. One would think his face would go numb at some point, from experiencing it so often in one day. Beth turned back to me. "So that's all you were doing? Just like... rating us?"
"In a word," I said.
Beth turned her eyes to James. "Well? How'd I do?"
James finally started grinning, shaking his head more, but with a smile for once. "You girls are too much."
"I think it's fair to say you did very well, Beth. I heard nothing but compliments." In truth, I couldn't wait to get James alone and have him to reveal what dirty thoughts he had dreamt up, while we were on the ride. I do know, based on his never-ending erection, James liked everything about all three of us.
"But did you actually rate us?" asked Beth. "Like with a number?"
"No," I said, truthfully. "Just talked about how cute you two girls are." It was a half truth.
Marcy had just come back with the topped-off glass, handing it to James. "Well, I want to know. If you weren't rating us, were you picking favorites or something?"
"Not at all," I insisted. "You two are hot. I just made James a bit embarrassed about it. I teased him a little."
James quickly tossed the second glass down the hatch.
"Whoa, slow down, boy," said Marcy. "You might regret that... later."
I couldn't take it anymore, tired of playing around the edges. I finished off my glass, dropping it to the floor next to me. "I say no regrets to this day at all. Who wants to fuck?"
Maybe I rushed things, because there was dead silence in the room. Perhaps five seconds passed, maybe ten, but it felt longer. But then, Marcy saved the day... again. "I do," she said.
"So do I," said Beth, finally.
"James? I think you're the only one with the right tool for the job? Do you mind?"
I'm not sure who started where, but within seconds, I was on the floor and Marcy was tonguing my pussy. James stood behind her, ready to get to action, but Beth was monopolizing his shaft at the moment, shoving it deep down her throat, while she masturbated furiously.
"I bet I'm a mess down there," I said, tapping Marcy on her shoulder.
"I love it," she whispered back. "I've always wanted to do this to you."
"If only I had known," I said. Louder, I spoke to Beth. "You need to share, honey. Give it to Marcy."
Beth stopped, huffing her displeasure, before guiding James' cock into her colleague's waiting pussy. Marcy's attention to eating me out was briefly interrupted, but she quickly got back to it, once James found his rhythm. Beth continued to work his balls, laying underneath him.
After a minute or so, James' pounding got louder as he drove his cock deep inside Marcy. She struggled to keep her ass held high in the air, crying out, "I'm going to cum!"\
"Me, too," said James.
"On my tits," I screamed. "You let Marcy cum, and then you cum on my tits!" I wanted to see that cock explode in front of me. I knew it would drive me over the edge, but Beth protested. "No, in my mouth!"
"You already had him," I said. "Come over here and watch."
Just then, Marcy cried as she reeled into climax, forcing James out of her caving pussy. Beth and he rushed to me. Barely needing assistance, a rope of semen shot out of James' cock, just as I was shifting up, holding my tits out. It hit me on the chin, just as the second shot unloaded, aimed between my heavy tits. Beth quickly leaned in, placing her face above my right breast, just as more cum exploded from James' heavy-filled balls, splashing Beth's cheek and my left tit. I lifted the cum-soaked breast up, licking sperm from the flesh, before giving the nipple a quick bite. That vision seemed to drive James to one last, another stream of cum erupting out. Beth and I fought to lick the remnants from James' shaft.
"That was so fucking hot," sighed Marcy, as we slowed down, allowing James to pull away from us.
"Naked Bike Ride, my ass," said Beth. "This was planned all along."
"If it was, I knew nothing about it," said James. "But yeah, this day has been amazing."
"Who says this has to be one day?" I asked. "I got next weekend open."
Marcy laughed out loud once more. "My place again?"