Sometimes my wife will really surprise me. We were walking around the neighborhood, chatting. I don't even remember how the topic came up, but we were talking around the edges of threesomes. When I say around the edges, we weren't talking exactly about it, just hinting and what-if and such. I almost fell down when she said, "Maybe if I was really drunk." I pressed her for more juicy details, but the only thing I got was that it could only be with another guy, never a chick.
Now I knew for a while that the issue excited her. A year or two before, we had bought a realistic looking vibrator that we would include in our lovemaking on occasion. Generally, I'd only get it out when I knew she was really aroused. During these sessions I'd really put Paula through her paces, with a cock in her pussy and one in her mouth; we were even able to achieve DP twice with the rubber cock fucking her ass while I pounded her pussy, and she came like crazy. I don't know who was more turned on, her doing two cocks, or me watching her do two cocks. But this was all safe, fake imitation and we had never really considered including an actual other man in our lovemaking.
I wrote in Literotica awhile ago about another time she surprised me when she said she would like to visit a nude beach. We are fortunate to have one nearby, although it does involve about a mile walk along the shore to get to the nude part. This we've done a couple of times and it was very exciting, except the last visit was a bummer. Depending on how aroused she is, Paula can either be a showoff or a prude. You can read about the first visit on this web site. The second time she must've been hot too because she didn't even cover up as guys would walk by to get to a nearby trail. She also sucked my cock briefly on that trip. This last visit she was uptight. I know she wanted to get naked, but the beach was narrow, there seemed to be a lot of fully clothed, creepy guys walking back and forth and the mosquitoes were a terror. We still drove home and fucked like bunnies, but it wasn't the same. Afterward we talked about what we found exciting. We agreed that just being naked outdoors was a turn-on and that being naked in front of other naked people was even more of a turn-on. We also agreed that it should be casual, not as if you were on a stage, and that it shouldn't just be creepy guys, but a mix of men and women to be comfortable. Being anonymous was a plus too, since she really didn't want to be identified.
With these things decided, I thought about how we could pursue this. I remembered the number of nude beaches in Jamaica when I visited there. While many of them seemed to only be populated by senior citizens, I knew that at least a couple of them had a younger crowd, especially in Negril. We talked about a trip there and I promised that she wouldn't have to do anything she was uncomfortable with, but that this offered all of the things that could make for a truly erotic vacation – beautiful warm sand beaches, nobody to recognize her, dozens of beautiful naked couples around. She was unsure, but willing to go. Perfect.
The trip was booked for February into an all-inclusive resort that catered to couples and boldly advertised a clothing-optional beach. Paula almost immediately went on a diet to lose a few pounds. I didn't think she really needed to, but she wouldn't be deterred. The two weeks before we left we went tanning to try to get some base color so as not to burn. Even tanning naked in the machines was a turn-on and we had plenty of sex even before we left. Paula bought two new bikinis although I kept teasing her that she wasn't permitted to wear them. She was firm in replying, "I'll be the judge of that."
The flight was long, the bus ride to the resort bumpy. Everywhere you turned a local was trying to do something for you for money or sell you something. I was glad to get onto the resort where the near constant hassling ended. The resort was everything it was advertised to be. Beautiful, secluded, clean and posh. By the time we were settled into our cottage it was a little late for the beach, so we just strolled around the several pools and bars. Almost every hour was happy hour, and we enjoyed a finger food dinner with copious drinks.
That night in bed I worked to get things started.
"So, are you going to be showing off this yummy pussy on the beach tomorrow?" I asked Paula as I slowly ran my tongue up her very slick slit.
"I don't know, we'll see." She panted back.
"Oh, I think you definitely should, it's so gorgeous." I replied.
It was gorgeous too, she had shaved her pussy into what I call the 'porn star' look, which is my favorite. A narrow landing strip of hair above her slit, and lips shaved smooth. My poor wife will be wearing out some razors on this trip, but I love the smooth legs, armpits and pussy lips.
I brought her to within an inch of orgasm, and then slowly sunk my cock into her. She came hard and immediately. I don't know what had her so cranked up, the rum, my tongue or the idea of the nude beach. I came seconds later, dumping a gallon of come into her. Maybe these things got me cranked too.
The next morning found me gently rubbing her pussy to wake her. Since this was vacation we could have slept in, but I had better plans. Paula was in a frisky mood and instead of pushing my hand away, she pushed into it. She was wet, and it wasn't just my come left over from the night before.
"Ohhh, if you keep doing that I may have to jump on top of you." She murmured.
"As nice as that sounds, I want you on the beach. Maybe you can jump on me on the beach." I suggested.
"We'll get in trouble."
"Hold the thought."
I jumped out of bed, leaving a smoldering wife behind. Breakfast was fresh fruit I picked up at the breakfast bar and brought back to the room. When I returned, Paula was still in the shower, no doubt wearing out a razor. What a sweetie.
Afterward, we set out for the beach. Paula chose a daring pink string bikini that I know she would've never worn at home. She looked great. When we got to the beach the attendant Andre gave us towels and described the nude beach and the 'prude' beach for those who elect to keep their suits on. He also mentioned that at the rear of each beach were screened 'veranda' areas for more privacy. I got the impression that lovemaking was discouraged on the beach but permitted in the veranda areas.
We took our towels and cautiously headed to the nude beach. It was still early, perhaps nine am and the beach was only sparsely populated by perhaps four couples. Two couples were obviously together and seemed a little older than us, maybe early fifties. The other two couples were younger, maybe thirties and were not together. We set up between the older couples and one of the younger couples, about twenty feet from each. Paula had seemed pretty confident up until now, but as we sat down upon the towel I was afraid she would lose her nerve.
"Time to free those beauties," I teased, referring to her beautiful, round breasts.
"They're not beauties, I need a boob job."
"You're crazy, they look SO nice."
"Sean, you're biased."
In absolute truth, I am biased, but I am also being truthful when I say that Paula has some of the nicest real boobs I've ever seen. Just the perfect shape, only the tiniest sag, and her nipples still point slightly up.
As I looked at her expectantly, she looked up and down the beach. Each of the couples had observed us as we entered the beach, but none seemed to be looking now, and they all were already naked. Taking a deep breath, Paula took off her top. It was warm on the beach, but her nipples were erect.
"So nice." I couldn't resist commenting.
"Maybe I'll just stay like this for now." Paula remarked.
"Suit yourself, as they say. Optional means optional, but all of us guys will be disappointed."
Again, she looked up and down the beach. Sensing no threat, she untied her bottom and pulled it off.
"Happy now?" She asked.
"Very happy." I replied and pulled off my suit. I gave her a big kiss. She returned the kiss with passion.
It was a perfect day, no clouds, warm sun, light breeze. We lay together sharing small talk and an occasional kiss. The beach slowly became more crowded with couples arriving and stripping. Clothing was optional, but so far nobody had elected to retain their suits. Perhaps it was the expense of the resort that kept out the younger crowd, because so far the youngest couples seemed to be in their thirties. There were also a few more couples in their fifties, but so far no true senior citizens. Everyone seemed to keep a discrete distance from each other unless they were obviously visiting. I have to admit that some of the thirty-something wives or girlfriends looked very good. The sexual tension was keeping my cock at half staff. When one of the thirty-something guys stripped while standing nearby I teased Paula:
"What do you think of that guy."
"He's nice, but I only want you."
"I'm sure he's getting a nice eyeful of you."
"I doubt he's looking at me, his wife is younger and prettier than me."
"Younger maybe, but not prettier. And there is no way she could be half as hot as you are in the sack."
"You're sweet."
"No, YOU"RE sweet, right - here." And as we turned and kissed I slipped a finger into her pussy. Very wet.
"Keep that up and I'll have to drag you to the veranda."
"I thought you'd never ask. Want to go right now?"
Paula raised herself up and looked around, especially at the verandas. They really were very little other than fabric screens set up away from the waters edge perhaps eight feet square. At the moment they were all vacant, with the fabric 'door' draped over the front 'wall'.
"It's too obvious." She declined. "Maybe later."
I stood and put my trunks back on. "I'll get us something to drink." With that I headed up to the bar and picked up a couple of Bahama Mama's. The beach was definitely getting more crowded and couples were now in the water as well. When I got back I noticed that one of the verandas was now occupied.
"Did you see that one of the verandas is in use?" I asked as I handed Paula her drink.
She looked over.
"They didn't close the door!" She replied, shocked.
"No. Maybe they want an audience."
From our angle, you couldn't see too much inside the veranda, although you could tell that two people were inside and were involved together. Out of courtesy, people walking along the beach kept away from the veranda doors.
As we watched, a thirty-something couple walked by from the water to another veranda and closed the door. She was a petite blond and he was average.
"Looks like things are heating up." I remarked.
"Yes." Paula replied, slurping the last of her drink through the straw.
"Thirsty one aren't you." I observed, kissing her. "Want another?"
"Later. Maybe we should go up before they're all taken."
The drink must've worked. I didn't expect her to go this easily. Taking her hand, we walked up. The sun was now directly overhead and shone down into the veranda. Inside was a platform with a cushion about the size of a queen sized bed. A large clean towel was over the cushion. Paula sat down.
"Sean, aren't you going to close the door?" Paula asked, troubled.
"No, it's more exciting this way, and nobody will bother us."
Paula gave me an exasperated look. I sat next to her and kissed her. She responded strongly, pulling me down on top of her as she laid back. It was very exciting, making out with my beautiful nude wife in the sunshine with just the slightest hint of risk from the couples further down on the beach. I turned Paula so that her head was towards more closed side of the veranda. Of course this meant that her legs were more towards the open side. I slowly worked my way down her body, kissing. Her nipples were now rock hard and while I sucked one, Paula pulled and twisted the other. She was really turned on. Lower and lower I went. I gave her pussy one long lick and she gasped.
Looking toward the beach, I noticed a thirty-something man standing a discrete distance away, looking back towards us. It was pretty obvious that he was watching and looking to see my reaction. I smiled at him and nodded my head.
"Paula darling," I said in between licks, "there is a gentleman watching me eat your perfect pussy."
"Ohhh." Was all she seemed able to reply.
I looked back and the gentleman had walked closer, about as close as you could get and still be considered courteous. His cock was at about half staff. At this range he could pretty much see everything. I licked Paula's pussy some more.
"He can see you clearly now." I threatened.
This was similar to a fantasy we had shared many times before where I would fuck Paula in front of another man. That fantasy always went much further with him joining us in a threesome. I was certain that Paula remembered that frequent fantasy.
"Show him how yummy your pussy is." I commanded.
This was our signal for Paula to do something that has always turned me on incredibly. Paula took her left hand away from pulling her left nipple and slowly slid it down her body until it was at the entrance to her slit. I backed away far enough for the stranger to have a clear view of her as she slid her middle finger all the way into her snatch and plunged it in several times. Panting, she then pulled the sopping wet digit out and placed it into her mouth sucking off her juices.
The stranger moved still closer, his eyes wide. He had his hand on his cock, now erect.
"Should I invite him in?" I asked.
"I don't know." She panted. This was her signal for a guilt-free yes.
I motioned with my finger for the stranger to come into the veranda. As soon as he stepped inside I motioned for him to stop. Now Paula could see him through half-closed eyes. He was slowly jacking his cock off. I could hear him breathing heavily and wondered if he was about to come. I sensed that Paula was getting close and I didn't want her to come just yet.
"I think it's time for you to show him what a great cocksucker you are." I instructed Paula.
With that, I laid on the cushion next to her, and she moved down alongside of me. Looking first at me, then at the masturbating stranger, then again back to me, she took my throbbing cock into her mouth. Both the stranger and I moaned softly as she worked her mouth up and down my rigid cock. Paula looked both frightened and excited as she bobbed up and down. The stranger was only perhaps three feet away from us.
"Show him how good you are honey." I urged her.
And she can be damn good. Taking me deep, almost into her throat, pulling it out and licking me like a lolipop, then rubbing my cock across her face.
"I bet he wishes it was HIS cock you were working on." I continued.
With that, we both looked at him, and he was nodding his head up and down as he continued to stroke his cock.
"We'll have to think about that I think." I teased.
Just thinking about Paula sucking his cock got me a little too close to cumming, and I pulled her off of me.
"Time for you to take a seat I think." I instructed Paula.
She climbed up on top of me and reaching down, lined my cock up with her sopping snatch.
"Slow." Was all I said.
And slow was how she lowered herself onto me, sinking ever further down until I was buried in her. Paula let out a gentle sigh as she began rocking on my cock. I was afraid that she might come immediately and that the fun would be over, but she didn't. Good. Now with a nice slow rhythm going we both had a chance to look over our guest more carefully. Like I said before, he was perhaps 33, a little shorter than me at 5'11" and lighter too at about 180lbs. Overall I'd have to say average. His cock too was average at about six inches. This whole scenario was going much further than I ever expected it would, and so far it was very hot. Did I dare let it go to the next level? Would Paula? With Paula rocking above me she was even closer to the stranger's cock, and I saw her looking at both it and him. She still looked a little scared, but based on how wet her pussy was she was definitely turned on. I decided that we may never again find ourselves in this position and as hot as things already were, I risked making them hotter.
"Maybe you could help our friend out with that." I suggested to Paula.
"How?"
"You know, use your hand instead of his."
"I don't know." Her stock answer.
"It's just your hand."
The stranger, sensing her indecision, removed his hand from his cock. It dangled before him, red and hard. Paula looked at it, then at me. Finally she made up her mind and reached out, grabbing the strangers cock. He let out a sigh as she began stroking him. The scene was so erotic I had to stop her rocking on me for a moment to control my orgasm. I hung on the end for an eternity, fighting off the orgasm as she stroked our guest's cock. Finally bringing myself under control, I began thrusting again into her and she returned her rocking.
"Don't let him come on me." I warned her.
"Where should he come?" She asked.
"All over your gorgeous tits." I replied. I figured if we are going to do this, we might as well do it right, and I wasn't sure either of us was ready for Paula to take him into her mouth.
She must have thought about it though. All of our threesome fantasies had her sucking the strange cock while I fucked her, I'm sure she remembered that. Almost as a tease she turned her head, directly facing his cock as she stroked him. She looked at me, a mixture of dread, fear and excitement on her face. I almost told her to suck him, if even for a moment, but now I was afraid. I almost told her to let him come on her face, but that too scared me a little. The stranger must have had these same thoughts because with a sudden groan he came. Paula quickly directed his cock down, towards her tits where he sprayed stream after stream of white semen. She wasn't quite fast enough, because the first shot hit her neck. With this deluge, I couldn't hang on any longer, cumming gallons into my wife's hot box. My moaning and his moaning must have set Paula off, because she promptly came too, riding my cock for all it was worth. Bouncing hard up and down as she continued to stroke the second cock.
When we had all settled down I handed Paula a towel to mop up.
"Thanks. That was really great." The stranger offered, his first words to us.
"This is Paula, and I'm Sean." I replied, holding out my hand.
"Charlie, my wife Rose is probably looking for me." Shaking my hand.
"Perhaps we'll meet again."
"I hope so, I can't believe this."
Kissing Paula on the forehead, Charlie left us with "Thanks again."
"I can't believe we just did that." Paula scolded.
"I can't either, but it was fantastic. Are you OK?"
"I don't know what I am, besides wet." She laughed.
We went back out to our towel on the beach. I was afraid that everyone would be watching, but nobody even noticed, or if they did they were very tactful. I looked for Charlie and Rose but didn't see them.