My first work, I hope you enjoy!
~
We were pleased with the seats that we got on the plane. We sat in the back section, only a few rows from the very end of the passenger seats. The fuselage grew narrower here, pinching the seats down to two seats either side of the worn carpeted pathway along the spine of the cabin. Even though we were this far back we did have a window lined up nicely with us, my boyfriend scooted across and checked the view as I stuffed our two bags in the lockers overhead.
We cuddled together, largely ignoring the flight attendants and enjoying the view we had as the plane soared skyward into the twilight skies. We stayed cuddled together and watched the thick clouds stretching below us as night fell. Half way through the flight the cabin lights were turned low as an encouragement for the passengers to sleep their journey away. Under this veil of twilight I smiled at him and seduced a loving kiss from his tender lips.
I twisted in my seat, laying my head on his chest and running an arm over his torso to his shoulder. I could hear snores here and there as the attendants glided around offering blankets. The crewmember for our part of the plane was a shortish woman with heavy make up and a fixed, plastic smile. I shook my head when she offered us blankets, my boyfriend softly asked for some orange juice and she moved on.
The closeness of his body and the smell of him felt delightful to me. I breathed in the aroma, his aftershave tinged with a hint of sweat and bit my lip as I pressed my thighs together. I couldn't help but drag my hand down from his shoulder, purposefully grazing his right nipple through his cotton top. I kept moving and rested my hand over his navel and looked into his dark eyes.
The attendant returned with an orange juice, and I shifted reluctantly to allow him to flip down the table. Even before she had begun to move away, I was moving my hand back to his stomach. I couldn't cozy up in the same embrace as before but I did have my hand on my boyfriend's body, hidden by the low light and now a table too. Encouraged by this I again pressed my thighs together and almost imperceptibly wiggled my hips side to side, inflaming the spark already building inside me.
Growing bolder now I reached down over his belt and placed my fingers lightly on the jeans covering his thigh. He started a little and looked down at me, I smiled back up at him and closed one eye in a conspiratorial wink. My fingers brushed over his crotch gently, again and again. I was rewarded by feeling him stiffen beneath my touch, in turn feeling my own arousal grow.
His eyes flickered to the gangway, I could hear someone moving a few rows in front of us so I slid my hand to a more respectable position above his belt. I could feel his tension as the attendant reappeared with her bored fixed grin. We quietly moved her on and she continued her tour of the passengers.
I have always had an exhibitionist streak in me although my boyfriend has always been far more reserved. As I happily reached down to his crotch once more he bent over me, sending shivers down my spine in gleeful anticipation.
"Careful, not here."
I looked up, pouting in disappointment and gripped his erection through his clothes in defiance. His face was merely inches from mine and I breathed my annoyance in a bitter sigh. I was still squirming in my seat, building my own passion. I felt so aroused I would have loved to unzip him and blow him right there. I settled for clutching him as some kind of obscene prize.
"I'm so hungry for you, don't you want..."
I trailed off as I squeezed him and licked my lips as suggestively as I could. His breathing was not as automatic as usual, the erection was clearly weighing on his mind. He gently prized my hand from his crotch and grinned.
"Hungry are you?"
Then with a few movements he kissed me deeply as I closed my eyes and surrendered to his charm. Long heartbeats later the kiss broke and I reopened my eyes to see him picking up his glass and clipping his table up.
"Be right back, don't go anywhere."
He walked awkwardly down the aisle nursing his boner. I giggled to myself watching him using the juice as some kind odd shield for his modesty. Then he reached the bathroom and my game ended. It was not long before he reappeared and walked confidently back to our seat. He squeezed past me and sank into his seat, he was quite flushed. He smiled lazily and held out his juice to me.
"Still hungry?"
I frowned at him, annoyed that he had seemingly taken matters 'into his own hands' when I wanted to help him. Then I realized that the juice he was holding out was cloudy and almost full to the brim. He had made me a drink!
I took the glass and examined it, sure enough there was the evidence swirling in the liquid. As I inhaled, I smelled the familiar tang of sex cutting through the orange. I almost melted at this gift and raised it to my lips. I was so distracted I did not hear the attendant until she was practically behind me asking if we needed anything. I bit my lip wickedly and assured her I had everything that I needed right now and drank the whole drink in one, long swallow in front of them both.
The taste was exquisite, the attendant moved on and my eyes noted a pleasing bulge in my boyfriend's trousers once more. It seems I was not the only one that enjoyed my very personal cocktail.