Chapter 2 Sandra's Long Weekend - Night 1 and Morning of day 2
When Craig got to the room Sandra was already in the shower. Craig just dumped the bags in the room and joined her. As he stepped in she turned her back on him and his right arm wrapped around her grasping her right tit, his finger flicking and stroking her nipple. His left hand grabbed her voluptuous backside and she opened her stance, his fingers slipped in between her cheeks, the tip of index finger slipping gently sliding into her anus. She groaned slightly.
He whispered in her ear "By the end of this weekend you will be more than just a hot wife." She moaned, her thoughts going back to the truckers looking at her as she got fingered and her showing herself to the old man from reception, she could feel her pussy juices start to flow again and slowly lowered herself further onto his finger so it slipped deeper into her anus. Taking his right arm away from her tit, he gently makes her bend over, as she does so he sticks finger deep into her rectum, taking his other hand and placing two fingers into her wet pussy and slowly finger fuck her, she orgasms almost immediately and he can feel her pussy and anus pulsating as she orgasms, as she orgasms she starts to slide up and down on his fingers filling her holes.
Once she had finished he orgasm spasms she turned and suck down and slowly too his cock into her mouth, her hand cupping his balls, she could taste herself on him from their earlier fuck on the way to the B&B, she slides her tongue over is cockhead as her hand caresses his balls, she soon tastes his precum dripping onto her tongue, she then started only sucking on his cock head and as she jerked him off, he soon sprayed a load of cum into her mouth, as he did so she looked up at him and he looked down at her watching her suck and swallow up all of his cum. Once she has sucked him dry she stands up and gives him a kiss, he can taste himself and smell his cum on her breath.
She says to "So you want me to do that to others, do you?"
"Yes... yes I do, will be great to watch you and join in"
She just stands there as he slowly washes her all over with soap laden sponge. After which they jump into bed and talk about the day, both feeling exhausted and exhilarated at the same time, they both drift slowly into sleep after the eventful day.
Day 2
They woke up later than they normally do which was to be expected due to their long drive and late night the previous day, just in time for breakfast, they hurried to get dressed so they could make it to the dining room in time, Sandra, giving it a bit of though just put on a t shirt with no bra, half thinking that the place would be empty and half thinking it would be a great warm up to have some morning sex after breakfast, her nipples got hard with the thought of it.
Craig didn't even notice at first as he threw on his t shirt and shorts, as they walked out the room along the pathway he turned to speak and he saw that her breasts were hanging free and her nipples were slightly erect, he felt the tingle of excitement and could feel his dick slightly stiffen as they walked up, he cupped his hand on her butt cheek and gave it a firm squeeze of appreciation.
As they entered they turned the corner into the dining room they saw it was still about ¾ full of of diners still, hardly any of them looked up all engrossed in their own thoughts.. but some did, some looked down and carried on and Sandra noticed two men looking at her from different table, she became aware of her braless breasts, she got a small thrill from the thought of them ogling her but her shy side got slightly the better of her and she slipped in behind Craig. Craig noticed her sudden movement, and knowing her like he did he knew what was happening, he quickly devised a plan and said to her that he felt like some waffles - could she make him some and he would get the two of them some coffee as he walked off he also turned and said "oh I think i will take some cereal as well", he was secretly hoping that she would have to carry two plates then which would have her braless breasts showing off properly.
She knew she was caught and tapped into the same exhilaration she had the night before and had the thought that she may be braless and her nipples might be visible but that s about it, she figured she would have her back to everyone most of the time anyway. She carried preparing the food and when she turned around she noticed the two men who were watching her had now moved to seats that were behind Craig so they could watch her walk to the table and be able to see her when she ate. "Fine" she thought and walked up to the table with her hands full placing the food down and turning around to fetch the other plate. She returned and she sat, as he sat one of the men smiled at her and gave her a thumbs up, he was grinning as he did, she smiled back feeling slightly ashamed and highly aroused, as she got ready to stand up she noticed that he had taken out his phone and blatantly took a picture of her, she then noticed that due to her getting aroused her nipples had got hard and were sticking out, making small mounds under her top. Mixed with the courage from the previous day and he rising arousal she stuck her chest out slightly pushing the fabric of her top tighter making the visibility of the nipples even better, she watched as he took a few more snaps. Craig saw her slight grin and said "Whats up?", "Just giving a little show to the guys behind you" she answered, Craig wanted to turn to look but he stopped himself, he wanted them and her to enjoy the moment, he felt his dick getting hard.
They finished up their breakfast and got up, as she got up she deliberately bent down so her 40DD tits hung down and her top fell a but giving the two guys a good view of her tits for a moment, as she left she said to them, "Have a good day", one just stared, almost in a trance and the other, who had taken the photos, said "Don't think it will get better than breakfast", she grinned as she walked off
As soon as they got back to the room Craig bent her over, pulled her top over her head and pulled her panties down and bent her over the bed with her facing the window, Craig had opened the curtains as well so if anyone did walk past the remote cabin they would have a full view of her hanging tits as she braced herself on the bed. She wanted to protest but was so turned on from breakfast and now the slight wish that the guys who had looked at her throughout the breakfast would have followed her for an extra view now.
Craig slid his fingers through her wet pussy, feeling her wetness from been so turned on, he pushed two fingers into her pussy and finger fucked her, his thumb caressing her clit as he did so. Soon she could feel herself rocking on his fingers and her tits swaying as she did so, she was getting wetter as this occurred, Craig took his other thumb and stuck it into her ass, she groaned with both her holes now been used and she could feel herself building up release. Before she could orgasm he pulled his finger out of her and stuck his dick in her pussy, it slid right in and she felt the rock hardness of it inside her. He then took his thumb again and stuck it in her ass, she quivered at this full feeling, Craig then said between strokes "Pity there isn't another guy her to full your mouth". She imagined that she did have a cock in her mouth as she was getting taken doggy style and she soon started to moan as she reached her peak and had her first orgasm of the day, Craig carried on for a short while before pulling his dick out and shooting his load over her back and ass, he shook off his last bit of cum between her butt cheeks and then rubbed his cum into her skin. She was still shalom slightly as he did this, she stood up when he finished and said she is going to have another shower, he stopped her and said "Nope, you can smell of cum for the day" and gave an impish grin. She complied and started to get dressed.
She put on a sexy sheer bra, her nipples clearly visible through the material, she then put on a sheer top, with a pattern so one couldn't see her nipples but could make out that she had some really sexy bra underneath. She put on a G string that barely covered her pussy and the moment she had it on she could feel it start to slip between her pussy lips, she put on some tights that when pulled up were also slightly sheer, showing off her ass and the outline of the G string. Her top not quite covering her pussy so she showed off a decent camel toe between her puffy pussy lips, she felt uncomfortable and out of her comfort zone, she didn't usually dress like this, especially when going out in public, but she didn't have a choice, Craig had packed her bags and she didn't really have say. He then pulled out some shoes inch had a 4 inch heel on them and told her "Once you have finished your hair and make-up you can put these on, we have places to go today".
"Where we going?" she enquired.
"You will see" was the only reply she got
It was now getting late in the morning, around 11:00am
A they walked over to the car she was sure she saw movement by the bushes and then thought to herself "I wonder if one of the guys from this morning had indeed flowed her and had now watched her been fucked and also dressing" she chose not to think about as she had mixed feelings about it, one of disgust and another feeling of pure excitement, she couldn't help herself from turning around and looking back to see how much could have been seen from such a vantage point, one could see nearly the entire inside of the room, she blushed at what someone may have seen now, still feeling exhilarated by the thought.
She jumped up into the truck, half knowing that she had put on a show for a stranger and also knowing that her husband had other things planned for her - she just could think of what as yet, she would be finding out soon enough though, she didn't know if she should be pissed off or turned on and off she was honest with herself she was more turned on.