The main theme is nudity. The story contains exhibitionism, voyeurism, incest, and, I like to think, romance. I chose to put this in the 'Novels' section because it is longish and it hits a few categories.
^^^Friday^^^
Nell was naked.
The eighteen-year-old woman was standing in the hall outside her parent's bedroom. It was six-thirty in the morning. She expected her father to be coming out soon. The door opened. A man yawned, pushed his hair off his face with one hand, and scratched his balls with the other as he headed to the bathroom to do his morning routine.
Butch noticed his daughter, stopped in his tracks, and shouted, "Jesus Christ! What are you doing? Put some clothes on." He was shocked and surprised. Still, he stared at her exposed tits and pussy.
Nell didn't move. Her mother, Betty, heard the raucous, got out of bed, and looked past her husband. "Oh, my!" she gasped. Reflexively, she raised a hand to her mouth.
Nell was as naked as the day she was born and she had a determined look on her face. The hall was well-lit. She had turned the overhead light on so her father would get a good look at his eighteen-year-old, five feet four inches tall, one hundred-twenty-five pound child with a perky thirty-four-inch bust.
It was cool in the hall and her pink nipples were hard.
Her dirty blonde hair was messy. It always looked messy. If you'd ask her why, she'd say it's her mother's fault. She had inherited her curls. They had the type of hair that if not brushed thoroughly and regularly was a mess of tangles.
She was standing as a soldier at ease. Her head was high, her feet were shoulder-length apart, and her hands were clasped behind her back. Her bits were absolutely on display. Hard nipples pointed directly at her father. Since she shaved her pubes, he easily saw her vagina.
Her pussy had large inner lips and they protruded an inch out of her hoo-ha. That was another detail that her parents couldn't miss. And would never forget.
"You know what I want, Dad," she said calmly.
Butch was gobsmacked. He stood and stared at his daughter's body. Finally, he averted his eyes and rushed past her. Betty came into the hall and guided Nell into her bedroom. She closed the door and said, "Dear, please let it go."
"You know I won't," Nell said. "I'm more stubborn and hard-headed than Grandpa. I'll never quit. Tell Dad he has to get naked and show me his penis."
"Dear, that's not going to happen. He apologized. It was an accident. It's my fault. I should have been there. Please, drop it, and let's move on for the sake of the family."
The expression on Nell's face said that was not going to happen.
^^^ That afternoon after school^^^
Nell went home and immediately undressed. She sat naked in the house, doing homework and checking her social media accounts, waiting for her parents to arrive.
Her friend Melissa called and said, "Hi." Nell responded, "Hi. What's up?" Nell fumbled her video phone and almost dropped it. Melissa giggled and said, "I saw your boobs."
"I'm naked."
"I can't believe you're doing this."
"I am. He owes me."
"I get why you're upset. If it had happened to me, I'd be mortified, but the last thing I'd do is be naked in front of my parents. Actually, the last thing I'd do is demand to see my father naked. Gross!"
"That's you," Nell replied. "I've been wronged. You'd think since they know I'm stubborn, they'd realize I will keep up my campaign until I get what I deserve."
"To see your father's penis? Gross!"
^^^The previous day. Two weeks before Nell would graduate from high school^^^
Nell had a doctor's appointment after school. She'd turned eighteen a few weeks ago, and her mom insisted that she go for her first-ever gyno checkup.
She was a virgin and had always been healthy. Her periods were regular and not unusually painful. She'd never had any womanly issues that required a trip to a gynecologist.
Most of her friends have gone and they told her that it's horrible and embarrassing. The instruments are cold, you have to get naked, and the doctor sticks his fingers in your vagina and your butt! They said overall it's really weird and no fun.
Nell was a private person. She wasn't sexually active. She'd never had a boyfriend. She had close friends, girls as well as boys. They didn't date individually. They did things as a group.
Only three guys had seen her naked. For her eighteenth birthday, her gang, four girls and three boys, threw her a birthday party. They ate cake, got drunk, and went skinny dipping. Those good guy friends were the only males who had seen her nude.
The gang had a blast that night. After dancing and drinking to celebrate her birthday, everyone stripped and jumped into the pool. It was a cloudy night so no one could really get a good look at anyone. Nothing sexual happened. It was teenagers having fun and acting like carefree kids.
Nell had all the jitters a teenage girl who was going to her first gyno exam would have. She was scared and very nervous. Her mother was going to take her to her doctor. A last-minute emergency at work derailed that plan. Her father took her instead.
They were running late, so her father dropped her off in front of the doctor's office. He went to park the car, and Nell checked in with the receptionist. She was taken straight to an exam room.
The doctor greeted her and was really nice. They talked about what would happen today. He asked if she had questions. Nell said, "Only one. Will it hurt?"
The middle-aged man laughed gently and said, "No. I understand. You're anxious. Everyone is their first time. I'll try to make it as easy and comfortable for you as possible."
He then proceeded to ask her questions about her medical history, her periods, and whether she was having sex. He made notes on the computer. Nell relaxed. She said to herself, "I'm feeling a little better, but we're just talking. I dread the moment when I have to get into the stirrups!"
Her concerns and fears distracted her. She thought she heard the doctor say, 'I'm going to step outside for a few minutes. There's a curtain in the back of the room where you can undress. Hop up on the exam table when you're finished, and I'll knock to see if you're ready.'
The doctor left the room and Nell's nervousness increased. She scurried behind the curtain and undressed. All the while she was thinking, "It's weird that there is a curtain for me to change behind when I'm going to be naked in the exam chair."
Nell undressed completely and sat on the cold vinyl chair. She put her feet in the stirrups. She felt ill. She heard a loud knock and said, "Come in." The door handle turned; in walked the doctor. Her father was right behind him.
A look of horror appeared on the men's faces. For what felt like minutes, they both stood in the doorway wide-eyed, staring at the naked young woman. Nell too was in shock. She couldn't move.
In reality, the incident must have only been a second or two. Nell gasped and started making incoherent noises trying to tell them to get out. Her dad not only saw her boobs, but since her legs were spread and in the stirrups and under a bright light, he got a clear view of his daughter's pussy!
There was nothing impeding his view. She had shaved her pubic hair! The flustered men backed away and the doctor closed the door.
Five minutes later, the doctor came back and apologized profusely. By then, Nell had dressed. He showed her the paper robe dispenser behind the curtain and explained that she was supposed to wear a paper gown for the exam. The embarrassed man said that he brought her father into the exam room to talk to the both of them about today's visit.
He said, "Nell, you were very anxious. I thought seeing your father would put you at ease. Again, I apologize for what happened."
Nell accepted his apology and confessed, "I didn't know about the paper gowns. My nerves must have gotten the better of me and I didn't listen well to your instructions."
"Do you want to proceed or reschedule?" the doctor asked,
"Let's get it over with," the teenager said. The doctor left the room, Nell changed into a paper gown, and the doctor did the exams.
He uncovered no issues. She was happy when the exam was over, and thought, "Is there anything stranger than having a finger shoved up your butt?"
The ride home was painfully awkward. Her father apologized, but it didn't placate his daughter. Her mother was still at work and not able to console and comfort her when she got home. Nell went into her room and stewed about what had happened. She got angrier and angrier and convinced herself that this horrible incident was totally her parents' fault.
She said to herself, "If my mother had told me about the paper gowns or had been in the room with me as we had planned, or if my father hadn't barged in, I wouldn't have flashed him my vajayjay."
In her childish mind, there was only one way to make this right. It had to be tit for tat. Her father had seen her naked, she needed to see him naked! She would demand, and if necessary, shame him into doing what's right.
She told herself, "I'll be naked in front of my parents every day until I get my way!"
^^^Friday evening^^^
Butch and Betty got home from work later than usual. Nell confronted them with her naked body and her demands. They tried to talk to her like an adult. That was a mistake. She was unmoved by their apologies and explanations.
They ate dinner without any conversation. Nell was nude. Her father ate quickly and left. Her mother shook her head and said, "Nell, for someone upset about being seen naked, it's surprising you have been unclothed all evening."
"It's a matter of principle," Nell said defiantly. "I am not afraid to make a stink to get justice."
"You know I love your father," Betty said and laughed. "But he's forty-five and not the hunk he used to be. You may not like what you see!"
"I'm not asking because I want to see him naked. It's a matter of fairness. He saw me; I should see him."
That night, her father knocked on her bedroom door and entered when she responded. Nell was sprawled on her stomach on her bed. She had been looking at her phone. He glanced at her bare bottom, looked away, and apologized again.
"Not good enough," Nell answered tersely. She stood, stepped in front of him, and thrust out her chest. The tips of her nipples practically touched his shirt.
He shook his head, said, "Damn your stubborn streak."
He left and went to his bedroom. Betty was in bed reading a book. She looked up, saw his face, and said, "No luck, huh?"
"No. I said I was sorry, but..."
"She's stubborn. She gets that from your side of the family."
"I know." He shook his head, undressed, and got into bed.
Betty took off her glasses and put them and her book on the nightstand. She slid over and hugged her hubby. She rubbed his chest and kissed him on the cheek.
Butch sighed, turned his head, and kissed her. At first, it was a normal kiss. It grew more passionate and he said, "I need some love. I'm getting heaps of disdain from our daughter." He copped a feel and squeezed a breast.
"Mmmm," his spouse moaned. "She's upset with you." she laughed and added, "Hell has no fury like a woman scorned but you're in luck..." Betty grabbed his penis, squeezed it, and said, "I still like you."
She slid under the blanket and sucked his cock.
"Oh! Thank you!"
She knew what her man needed and provided it. She gave him a long, sensuous blowjob. She didn't let him cum because she had bigger plans. She scooted out from under the covers, and they made out.
After many wonderful kisses, his mouth found her breasts and he paid them homage. He then slid between her legs and ate her hairy pussy. He wondered what it'd be like if she was hairless like his daughter. He cursed his animal nature for allowing that thought to enter his brain.
"Fuck me, Big Man," Betty murmured.
He mounted her and they had sex in the missionary position. It was lovely for both. Betty stared into his eyes and enjoyed the feel of his hard cock in her warm wet cavern. She thought, "This is wonderful. It's my favorite position, but tonight's for him. He's had a trying couple of days."
She pushed on his chest. Butch slid off her and smiled when he saw his wife get on her hands and knees. "All right!" he said. He caressed her fine bottom.
Betty giggled and said, "I know I married an assman. Who else would pick a woman with my small boobs? Enjoy!"
Butch almost argued with her about the derogatory comment concerning her breasts. To him, her B-size boobs were okay. He'd often said to her, 'B stands for best, right?' He could tell she was teasing and not looking for reassurance that she was pretty, sexy, and desirable, so he saved his words and thrust his dick into her hairy pussy.
He penetrated her and fucked her doggie style. This was his favorite position because Betty had a damn fine ass! He fucked her well. They both enjoyed it and cried out when they climaxed.
As they luxuriated in each other's arms, Butch said, "Do you think our daughter will be wearing clothes at breakfast?"
"I hope so!"
^^Saturday^^^
The parents slept in. After waking, they smooched, put robes on, and Butch opened their bedroom door. They were startled to find their daughter sitting on a bean bag chair in the hall. Nell was naked. She was browsing on her phone, her legs were askew, and they saw her cooze.
Betty ignored the squirrel shot and said, "Good morning, Nell. Will you be joining us for breakfast?"
"Yes."
Nell didn't make any new demands that day, but she was nude all day.
That night as Butch climbed into bed, he said, "Betty, it doesn't look like your hard-headed daughter is going to give up. Maybe..."
"No," she interrupted him. "I don't think it's a good idea to give in to bullies. What happened was unfortunate and embarrassing for all parties. You gave her more than one sincere apology that should have been enough. I have an idea."
^^^The next day^^^
Sunday morning was like the last two days. Nell confronted her parents in the hall naked as a jaybird. The family had breakfast and a normal, quiet Sunday morning with one family member brooding and nude.
At lunch, Betty announced, "Nell, you win. After lunch, we will go on a little trip, and you will get to see your father nude. Me too. For hours, if you like."
Nell beamed. In her brain, she shouted, "Yes! Victory!"
^^^
An hour later, Betty said to her family, "It's time to go. Nell, we have a thirty-minute car ride, and then we all will get naked. I think you should dress for the drive. If the police see you naked in the car, they will arrest you."
"You promise that Dad will get naked?"
"Yes. Scouts honor."
Nell dressed. The family went for a drive in the country. They ended up on a small winding road that led them to a wooded area with a large sign that said, "Welcome to the Sunny Side of the Street". In smaller letters, it said, "A naturist resort".
"What's a naturist?" Nell asked.
Betty drove up to the gate. A shirtless man, probably in his early sixties, manned the booth. He had a dark tan, a big beer belly, and a large smile on his face. He said, "Hi, folks. You picked a beautiful day to visit."
"It is a great day," Betty answered. She added, "We called. I hope you have day passes for Betty, Butch, and Nell Smith."
He checked his computer and said, "Yes. All paid for. Everyone is over eighteen?" He looked at Nell. She nodded. "Good. Follow the driveway. It'll take you to the pool, the clubhouse, and the other activities. There's a large lot. Park anywhere."
"Thanks," Betty said and gave him a big smile. "Oh," she said as if just remembering. She asked, "My daughter wants to know what a naturist resort is?"
"First time here?" he asked and chuckled. "It is a place for people to enjoy nature, the sun, and other people. Imagine feeling the sun warm your body as a gentle breeze caresses your skin, and you're surrounded by happy, non-judgemental people here for the same experience.
"You dive into the pool or lake and feel the warm water all over your body. When you get out, there's no need for the towel dance since bare skin dries quickly. Another bonus is you don't have to sit around wearing a soggy bathing suit.
"Naturism is a way of life, living in harmony with nature characterized by the practice of communal nudity."
He smiled, stepped out of the booth, and raised the gate. Nell gasped when she saw his bare butt and realized he was naked. He turned and waved them through. The Smiths couldn't help themselves. They looked at his penis.
The man had no pubic hair. His penis was soft, uncut, and tiny. It looked like one of those mini hotdog appetizers wrapped in a crescent roll. The tip of his pink dick peaked out of his foreskin.
When they were out of earshot, Nell said, "You've brought me to a nudist resort?"
"Yes," her mother said. "You've been nude for two days. This is a safe place for you to be unclothed. The people here believe in living life without garments."
"That's not what I asked for," Nell complained. "Dad saw me naked. It's only fair that I see him naked."
"You will, and you'll see me and a whole lot of other people bare-ass naked."
"But they will see me!" she said, sounding frightened.
Betty parked the car, turned to face her daughter, and said, "This is the deal we're offering. We get out of the car, strip, and enjoy a sunny afternoon au naturale. We can swim, hike, play miniature golf or volleyball, or you stop this nonsense about having to see your father naked, and we go home.
"So what will it be, Missy?" Her mother's brown eyes bored into Nell's.
Nell was a private young woman. Only her righteous anger had allowed her to confront her parents in the nude. She wasn't feeling so principled now. In fact, she felt silly for demanding to see her father naked.
She looked out the window and saw a group. A dozen naked young people were walking on a nearby trail. They were talking and laughing.
They had great all-body tans. Many of the guys were fit and good-looking. The gals were smiling. They looked happy and confident which surprised her because they didn't have perfect bodies.
Some of the women were skinny; some were chubby. One was flat-out fat. They had a variety of boobs: from big and saggy to mosquito bites. Some of the young women were pretty; some were not.
Nell said, "Mom and Dad, I'm sorry for how I've been behaving. I realize how juvenile I've been and how childish my demand to see Dad naked is. That said, I'd like to stay."
"Really?" Betty responded. "If your vendetta against your father is over, why stay?"
"If you had asked me last week if I wanted to go to a naturist resort, I would have said you must be crazy. I think this place will be good for me. If I want to get a boyfriend, I need to put myself out there. To do that, I need to improve my self-esteem and be more confident.
"Look at those girls! They're buck-ass naked in front of a group of guys. That's ballsy. They look so comfortable in their skin. None of them has a flawless body, but they're here!
"I wish...I need to be like them. I'd like to stay, hang out with them, and learn to be like them, even if it means I have to expose my imperfect body to everyone here.
"Do you mind?" Nell asked politely.
"No," her mother answered. "You're impressing me. The realization that we all have flaws is a concept I didn't grasp at your age. What you want to do is super ballsy!"
Butch smiled and, in support of his daughter, said, "You can do this! You're mother and I have been to resorts like this before. We always have a blast. We get a nice tan and meet great people."
"You've been to nudist resorts?"
Her parents laughed. Betty said, "Yes. I know to you we are old fuddy-duddies, but we have been to nude beaches and attended our share of wild parties."
Butch said, "When I made our reservation, they told me that their changing room is being remodeled. They said most people park, undress, and leave their clothes in their vehicles. Nell, we have dinner reservations at seven in the main dining hall. You can hang with us..."
"Or," Betty said, "with people your age. We'll be at the pool if you need us."
Everyone got out of the car. Betty walked around the vehicle and joined them. Butch looked at his daughter and asked, "Are we doing this?" She nodded.
Everyone undressed and looked at one another. Nell glanced at her mother. She spent more time looking at her father.
Butch stood in front of the women with his hands on his hips. Nell looked him over from head to toe. "Oh," she grunted, and her eyes locked onto his penis. It was soft, more than five inches long, and thick.
Betty saw where her daughter's eyes were looking and said, "Now, you know why I married your dad. He's hung!" The women admired Butch's impressive manhood.
Betty laughed and said, "You know that I'm kidding, right? I love you Dad for the man he is. FYI, this is a place where everyone is polite and respectful. It's okay to look, but don't stare. You're getting dangerously close to ogling."
"Oh. Sorry, Dad, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." She looked worried.
"It's okay. Give me a hug." He embraced her lovingly and kissed her cheek.
When they pulled apart, Nell smiled and said, "Thanks. That was nice. Hugs are better skin to skin."
"They are, aren't they?" Butch concurred. He looked at his wife, then his daughter. He smiled and said, "Wow! You two are gorgeous. You could pass as sisters."
The women smiled, looked at each other, and agreed.
Nell was five feet four inches tall. Her mother was a half-inch taller. They had brown eyes. Each had shoulder-length, slightly curly, dirty blonde hair. Betty's was neat. Nell's hair was messy.
Betty weighed six pounds more than her lean daughter. The extra weight was in her thighs and bum. They had the same bust, 34B.
Butch said. "Nell, your brown eyes look different because of the big curly glue-on eyelashes you wear. Mom has dark nipples and a bush, while you have pretty pink nips and no hair down below. Other than that, you two are twins."
"Thanks," Betty said. "I accept the compliment. However, I doubt your daughter enjoyed being compared to me since I'm twenty years older."
"I'm cool with it," Nell said. "You are fit, healthy, and gorgeous."
Betty smiled and accepted her daughter's kind words. She asked, "Nell, how do you feel being naked right now and knowing a whole lot of people are going to see you nude?"
"I'm okay." Nell giggled and added, "I've had some practice lately."
She adopted a serious demeanor and said, "Being naked is freeing. I do feel the sun and the wind on my skin, and I like it. I also feel real. Honest. This is me. I'm no longer hiding behind designer clothes or a push-up bra."
"Exactly," Betty said. "There's power in being authentic. When we're naked, we are on a level playing field. People judge you on you. Are you nice? Are you smart? You can't hide behind your wealth or your status.
Betty went to the trunk, opened it, and said, "I have a bag for everyone."
She handed her husband and daughter canvas bags, and she said, "Inside is everything you need today: sunblock, water, your sunglasses, and a towel to sit on. There are only a few rules here. No sexual contact. Be nice. Don't make people uncomfortable. No photos, and always sit on your towel, not on any of the furniture.
"Nell, before you run off and make new friends," Betty said, "put on sunscreen. Start with the white areas normally covered by your bathing suit. Then, you can do the rest of you."
"Why start there?" Nell asked.
"Because," Betty said as she grabbed her sunscreen, "the skin that's never been exposed to sunlight is the more likely to burn. Coat those areas, do the rest of your body, and give those never-been-tanned areas a second coat."
"Oh," Nell grunted.
"Listen to your mother," Butch said. He squirted sunscreen on his hand, coated his penis, and said, "Sunlight triggers the production of melanin.
He raised his forearm and said, "The tan on my arm gives me some protection from the sun's ultraviolet rays." He turned and showed her his white bum and said, "My butt isn't prepared to spend hours in the sun."
He pointed at her untanned breasts and said, "You will be miserable if you burn those babies. I'm putting two thick coats on all my untanned areas."
The Smiths put on sunscreen and double coated their intimate, untanned parts. Betty said, "Good job, everyone. Don't forget to re-apply. Nell, have fun. Some of those boys were very cute!"
She patted her daughter on the bum and sent her after the other young adults. She and Butch grabbed their bags and watched their daughter go.
Butch said, "This is going to be good for her. She's showing courage."
"Girls are insecure about their bodies," Betty said. "Our Nell has already learned that no one has a perfect body and that she shouldn't fixate on her flaws. That's important."
"She's got a killer ass, like her Mom," Butch said as he watched his daughter walk away.
"You shouldn't say that!" she reprimanded him.
"Why not? It's true." He hugged his wife and groped her derriere. "Careful," Betty warned. "Don't get us thrown out of here."
They laughed and went to the pool. They found some chairs, spread their towels, and sat down. The people near them said hello and introduced themselves.
All the women gave Butch's penis a long look. Some expressed their admiration by winking at Betty or mouthing 'Lucky you!'.
Betty and Butch swam and chatted with their new neighbors. It wasn't long before they felt like they were talking with old friends.
Nell had a similar experience with the gang of teenagers. They said hello, asked her questions, and immediately included her in their conversation and activities. The girls were nice to her. Two of the boys flirted with her. She flirted back.
While they played miniature golf, the fat girl, Mia, turned to Nell and said, "Nell, Mike likes you."
Nell played along and asked, "How do you know?"
"Because he's getting a boner! You accidentally mooned him when you retrieved your ball from the hole. You bent over at the hip and drew his attention to your great butt. I bet he saw your gash." Mia threw her towel at Mike and shouted, "Cover your erection!"
Everyone laughed. Mike blushed and covered his penis. Nell asked, "Are you going to get in trouble because of your hard-on?"
Jen, a really cute brunette with perky tits the same size as Nell, said, "Erections are a normal natural phenomenon. No one gets upset as long as the guy doesn't flaunt it. If the guy hops in the pool, lays on his stomach, or covers it with a towel no one objects."
^^^
Going to the naturist resort became a regular thing for the Smiths. They improved their tans and met many kind and interesting people. After the fourth visit, on the ride home, Betty said, "Have you noticed, that I'm the only woman there who has untamed pubes."
"No," Butch lied.
His wife swatted him and said, "I know you look at the other women. I'm okay with that. Most of them are shaved or waxed. The few that don't, trim. Most of the men groom too. I feel out of place like the country bumpkin who didn't dress properly for a fancy dinner party."
"I can help you, Mom," Nell said.
"Can you help me too? Butch asked.
^^^
Friday night before their next visit to the nudist colony, the Smiths stripped and had a shaving party. Nell gathered the necessary supplies and explained how she did it.
"You start by trimming the hair to a manageable length. We can stop there or, if you want, you can shave everything off." She raised a trimmer and turned it on. It made a buzzing sound. She asked, "What will it be?"
"I'm ready to go bare," Betty said. Butch nodded and said, "Me too."
Nell held out the trimmer. Betty declined to take it. She shook her head and said, "I've never used one of those. I trust you, and you can see better down there. There are a lot of nooks and crannies and sensitive bits. Please do it for me."
Betty sat on a towel and spread her legs. Nell got in between her thighs and went to work. She started with the thick triangle of hair on her mom's mons. She went slower around her vulva.
Her mother had the same enlarged droopy labia minora that Nell had. Nell said, "Let's get these out of the way." She gently pushed the soft flesh inside her mother's vagina.
"Thanks," Betty said. "I've come to terms with my vagina. I no longer hate that my inner lips stick out. I felt especially guilty about it when I was in college because one of my friends said it happens to females who masturbate. She told me that the more you play with yourself, the bigger the lips get and the further they protrude."
Nell looked aghast and said, "Mom, mine stick out further than yours. I swear I don't masturbate...a lot."
Betty laughed gently and said, "It's not true. If it were, I'd be tripping over mine!"
Butch and Nell laughed with her.
Nell finished doing her mother. Betty said, "Well done." She rubbed her vagina and said, "Wow. That's quite a change. Do your father."
"Are you sure?" Nell asked. "I imagine there will be a lot of touching and moving stuff."
"You've never held a penis?" her mother asked.
"No."
"Well. It's time you did. I've seen you and Mike kiss. You'll be rubbing his knob soon. You can learn what they feel like now."
Betty grabbed her daughter's wrist, placed her hand on her father's junk, and moved it around, touching everything. She said, "A guy's stuff is weird and funny looking, isn't it? They have this tube that gets hard. Down here are their testicles.
"They're important. They make sperm to give us babies. Feel them? Now you know why guys refer to them as balls."
"Uh," Butch grunted. Betty said, "Be gentle. They are delicate. Guys say it hurts if they are smacked or squeezed hard." She grabbed her husband's shaft, squeezed, stroked it, and said, "If you and Mike engage in petting, focus on the shaft.
"Guys like it when you stroke it. See. Your father is getting an erection." She continued to stroke his penis and said, "You don't have to worry about being gentle." She aggressively stroked Butch's stick.
"Oh!" he moaned in an 'I like that' manner.
Nell stared wide-eyed at her father's hard penis. Then his face, and then his dick again. Betty chuckled and said, "See. He likes it. The crown. The tip of his dick is especially sensitive. It's their version of our clit."
"Damn. His penis gets big," Nell said. "How do you get all of that inside you?"
Betty giggled and said, "With Pleasure!"
Betty released Butch's dick. It pointed upward and jerked as it throbbed. She said, "Grab the shaft and give it a good hard squeeze."
Nell looked at her mother as if she was a crazy woman. Then she looked at her father. He nodded and said, "It's okay. You won't hurt me."
Nell tentatively reached out and grabbed his member. She squeezed it softly and said, "It's so thick. I can't get my hand around it!"
"It is thick," Betty said. "Thicker than most men. Don't be surprised or disappointed if Mike's isn't as big. He will still be able to pleasure you. You know, when you have intercourse."
"Mom!" Nell shrieked. She let go of Butch's rod, her face turned red, and she said, "Next, you have us getting married and having babies. We just kissed a few times."
Betty raised her hands as if surrendering and said, "Someday you will have sex. Maybe not with Mike. I'm just saying sex is fun. Sex is great with the right person. If a guy drops his drawers and his stuff is not as big as your father's, don't immediately write him off."
Betty grabbed her daughter's hand, placed it on her father's erect penis, and together they squeezed firmly.
"You don't have to be gentle," Betty said. "Give it a good squeeze." Nell looked at her father's face for a reaction.
He smiled and said, "It's okay. The shaft is strong. It's the tip that's sensitive." After she gave him a good squeeze, he brought her hand up and had her caress his knob. He said, "See. This part is soft and requires a gentle touch."
Nell lightly rubbed the bulbous head. "That's perfect," Butch said. He tried to restrain himself, failed, and groaned, "Mmmm."
Butch's sigh of satisfaction, brought them all to their senses. Betty cleared her throat and said, "Ahem. Okay. Nell, I think you have an understanding of male genitalia. Enough that you can trim and shave your father safely."
Nell nodded. She picked up the trimmer and went to work. She thinned the hair on his lower abdomen, his hairy inner upper thighs, and on his twig and berries.
She grabbed a razor and finished the job. She pulled on his ball sack and moved his shaft around to do a thorough job. Then, she handed them lotion, and they rubbed it on their newly hairless skin.
"Wow!" Betty said. "Thanks. I like the way we look and how it feels." She rubbed her naked pussy and added, "It's so smooth and sleek."
Butch did the same. He smiled and said, "Thanks, Nell. Now I understand why the others do this."
"I bet oral sex will be exponentially better!" Betty said.
"La. La. La. I didn't hear that!" Nell said as she scampered out of the room.
Butch and Betty went to their bedroom and got it on. There were extensive periods of oral sex. Each went down on the other. Betty screamed so loud when she climaxed that her daughter heard her.
After a brief rest, Betty said, "I think we've lifted our game. That was a great orgasm."
They kissed. Butch said, "Are you ready for another one? I'm going to pound your pussy?"
"Is it still called a pussy when it has no fur?"
"How about hoo-ha, snatch, or penis garage?"
They laughed. He mounted her. His heat-seeking missile hit the target. They fucked in a variety of positions. They orgasmed with her riding on top and him playing with her nice boobs.
^^^
After taking a shower, Butch padded into the family room nude. Nell was on the sofa watching a show. She said, "Join me." She patted the seat beside her.
"Okay." Butch sat beside his nude daughter. She leaned into him.
They watched a reality show. During a commercial, Butch said, "Thanks for shaving me and your mother."
"I'm sorry that the process was so handsy. I feel like I invaded your personal space." She grabbed his hand, put it on a breast, and said, "Here. I groped you. Now we're even."
Butch pulled his hand away. He said, "You didn't do anything that wasn't necessary."
She grabbed his hand, placed it on her boob, and held it there. She said, "I feel like I did. Mom practically gave me a tutorial on how to give a handjob."
Butch chuckled and said, "She means well. She wants you to be prepared. To be knowledgeable."
"What's the deal with boobs?" Nell asked. She pressed on his hand, forcing it to compress her tit. "Guys are fascinated by them. They are always looking at them and trying to touch them. I don't understand the appeal. Basically, they are sacks of fat."
Butch gave her a caring look and said, "To guys, boobs are magical." He caressed her breast and said, "They are very soft, and they have this wonderful nub in the center which changes shape." He tugged on her hard nipple.
She gasped, "Oh!"
He looked at her face, gave her a knowing smile, and said, "And it makes a girl do that. It's a lovely sound and it's a sign that he gave you pleasure and you're becoming aroused. The guy is now hoping that he'll get lucky and have sex.
"Boobs are beautiful, fun, and sexy," he explained. "And they're off limits. So unless you're at a naturist resort, it's a special occasion for a guy to see them.
"If you meet a good guy and you like him, don't be afraid to let him touch them. You're young. This is the time to learn." He pulled his hand away and added, "It would probably be best if you explore this and other things with someone else."
She nodded.
Butch stood and faced her. His erection was level with her mouth. "Sorry, about this," he muttered. He covered his dick with both hands, blushed, and left the room. His erection pointed the way.
He was startled to bump into his wife in the hallway. Betty appeared to be hiding. Her back was pressed against the wall.
"Oh!" he grunted in surprise. Betty raised a finger to her lips, silencing him. She grabbed his erection and dragged him into their bedroom. She closed and locked the door, and turned to face her husband.
Butch looked ill. He was worried she'd seen everything and would be angry. Instead, she said, "That was a good speech."
Butch exhaled loudly in relief. He said, "Our girl is naive and curious. I answered her questions and tried to convince her to explore with a boy her age."
Betty nodded and said, "That's good advice."
Butch bit his lower lip and said, "She has this hang-up...that things need to be transactional. Quid pro quo. I saw her naked at the doctor's office so she had to see me nude. She handled my penis when she shaved me, so she put my hand on her boob.
"Can you talk her out of that? I'm afraid a guy will buy her an ice cream cone and she will feel she needs to suck his dick."
`
Betty laughed and said, "I did that once, but he was really cute!"
Betty went to her daughter and had that discussion. She emphasized that people do things because they're nice or they want something. She explained that you are not obligated to reciprocate. There's no ledger book that needs to be balanced.
"So I didn't have to put Dad's hand on my breast?"
"No, dear. You didn't owe him."
^^^Saturday morning^^^
The Smiths went to the naturist resort. Butch drove. He greeted the gatekeeper. "Hi, Ben. How's it hanging?"
Ben looked at his crotch and said, "Same as unusual, pointing to the left."
The men laughed. Ben opened the gate, and the Smiths saw that he'd told the truth. His penis was small and almost one hundred percent hidden by his wrinkled foreskin. The shaft tilted toward the left.
After they drove off, Nell said, "Dad, that was mean. You teased him about his small penis."
"Guys are always busting each other's balls. If it wasn't that, I'd rib him about being short or fat, about his sports teams, or where he was born. He knows I'm kidding."
"Nell," Betty said, "Men have not completely evolved. A woman would never say such a thing, but guys do. They consider busting each other's chops an art form, like farting or burping, to name two other inappropriate activities men take pride in."
They parked, undressed, and lathered up. The first couple of times they were here. Each did as much as they could reach, and Betty did their backs with Nell or Butch returning the favor.
On the last visit, Betty ran out of sunscreen, and Nell and Butch did each other's back while she hunted for the spare bottle in the trunk. Nell noticed her father had done a poor job on his rump. She said, "You missed spots." She did his bum.
"Thanks, Hon," he said. "No problem," she replied.
When Butch did her back, he automatically did her butt. He rubbed the lotion on her soft buns and said, "Your cutie patootie deserves a second coat."
Nell giggled and said, "Thanks. I haven't heard that term in forever!"
Nell went off to find the young adults, and Butch put sunscreen on his wife's back and butt.
Butch and Betty joined the adults. Everyone noticed the change and commented positively on their hairless crotches.
^^^
Nell caught up with the younger crowd. Seven males and seven females milled around fourteen Adirondack chairs that circled an unlit fire pit in a wooded area by the lake. She greeted everyone and gave Mike a long look. She loved the slim twenty-year-old's bright blue eyes, chiseled chin, and boyish smile.
The group talked and laughed. Then Mia said, "Let's play the lap game!" The others agreed. Nell said," I don't know that game."
"It's fun and easy," the curvy brunette said. "I'm going to ask questions. If you answer no, stay seated. If you can answer yes, move to the seat on your right."
"What if someone is sitting there?" Nell asked. People laughed. Mia said, "You sit on their lap! That's why it's called 'The Lap Game'."
"How many people can share a chair?"
"There's no limit," Mia answered. "You can rearrange the stack so the biggest person is on the bottom and the smallest person is on top. The first person to make it back to their original seat wins.
"Are you ready to play?" Mia asked. The group shouted, "Yes!" Mike went to Nell and said, "Play. It's fun." She answered, "Okay." They took chairs next to each other.
Mia stood in the center of the circle and said. "If your birthday is in January, move 1 space". Two people moved. They had to sit on other players' lap.
Mia, in a rapid-fire manner, asked many inane questions. "Is your waist twenty-four inches or less? Can you touch your toes while keeping your legs straight? Were you born in a state that begins with a vowel? Are you eighteen years old? Have you ever seen a live moose? Can you speak two or more languages? Did you get drunk last night? Do you like chicken wings? Did you make your bed today?"
People smiled, giggled, or laughed. Many people were moving from chair to chair and usually from lap to lap. Some of the chairs had three, four, and five people. The women slid in whatever lap they were sent to. If a male had to sit on another man's lap, he'd perch himself on the guy's knees, avoiding contact with his junk.
The questions became more personal.
"Is your bra size an A cup..." Three of the girls moved. "Do you wear a B cup?" Nell and two other young women changed chairs. "Is your erection seven inches or longer?" None of the guys stood up. "Sorry, Bridgit," Mia teasingly said to the redhead. "No donkey dicks among us!" Everyone laughed.
When the laughter died down, Mia asked, "How about over six inches?" Two guys blushed and moved one chair over.
"Do you have pink nipples?" Five of the women, including Nell, moved over one chair. Mia said, "That question is for everyone. Guys have nipples too." Four of the young men moved to the right.
"Is your erection more than five inches?" All the young men stood and moved over one chair.
"Did you make out with someone last night?" Five of the boys and six of the girls moved to the right. "Did you receive a blowjob?" Two of the young men grinned, stood, and moved. "Did you give someone a blowjob or a handjob?" Four of the young women smiled, stood, and moved.
Mike and Nell were not part of the group that moved during that series of questions.
"Do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?" Half the group moved; not Mike or Nell.
"Are you a virgin?" Nell stood. She was the only one. Her face reddened; she looked embarrassed. Mike popped up and shouted, "Enough of this silly game. Let's go for a swim." He grabbed Nell's hand and pulled her toward the lake. She followed as did many in the gang.
They dove in and splashed each other. Mike took Nell off to the side, and he said, "I'm sorry about the last question. Sometimes Mia gets carried away. That was too personal."
"I was embarrassed because I was the only one standing," she confessed. "Now, I'm embarrassed for being embarrassed. I haven't had sex because I've never had a boyfriend. I'm not one of those people who parties hard and hooks up all the time."
"That's surprising," Mike said. He grimaced. "I don't mean that I thought you were a hard-drinking, hook-up queen. I expected that someone as pretty and nice as you would've had a boyfriend."
"I was the quiet girl in high school." She laughed, blushed, spread her arms, and said, "You might be astonished that the girl standing buck naked in front of you was shy. That's one of the reasons I'm here. To be brave. To put myself out there."
"I'm glad you did. Otherwise, we may not have met."
Nell looked deep into his eyes and saw sincerity. She pounced. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him. She caught him off guard. He recovered, embraced her, and kissed her back. They necked, standing waist-deep in the water.
His erection poked her. It was his turn to blush. He pulled away. She didn't let go. She studied his face and asked, "Don't you want to kiss me? Do I do it badly?"
"No." Another grimace. "Wait. That didn't come out right." It was his turn to blush. He looked her in the eye and said, "I like you. I like kissing you." He gave her a quick kiss on the lips.
"I have an erection. I didn't want you to think I was some creep grinding on you."
She grasped his shaft underwater. It fit in her hand. She stroked it. "Oh," he sighed. She giggled and said, "You didn't scare me. I took it as a compliment. A sign that you like me. By the way, I like you too."
"Oh," he sighed again as she continued to fondle his cock. "We aren't supposed to do stuff like this here."
"Then maybe you should ask me out on a date and take me someplace where we can kiss and do other stuff." She abruptly let go of his penis, turned, and walked away.
He took a step toward her. He stopped because the water was getting shallow, and his boner would be exposed. He yelled, "Nell, will you go out with me tonight?"
She turned. Her face was beaming as she said, "I'd love to. Come. We can get a soda and talk about where to go."
"Ahh. I'd like to, but I can't right now." He looked down and said, "I'll need a couple of minutes."
Nell giggled and said, "I'll wait for you on the beach. I'll be the nude girl with the big smile on her face."
Eventually, he was able to step out of the lake. Mike and Nell spent the morning together. They talked, laughed, and got to know one another. Occasionally, he needed to cover his penis with a towel.
Around lunchtime, Nell lied and said, "My parents are expecting me to join them for lunch. Why don't you come?"
"Okay." They walked to the pool holding hands which, aside from a hug or a small peck on the cheek or lips, was all the contact that was allowed. Betty saw them approaching. She smiled, caught Nell's eye, and winked.
"Mom, Dad," Nell said to her parents as they lay on their lounge chairs. "This is Mike. I thought we'd join you for lunch."
"Great idea," Betty said. Her legs were spread to evenly tan her thighs. She didn't close them and made no effort to cover her breasts. She smiled, impressed that the young man never glanced at her bits.
Butch got up and extended his hand. He said, "Hello. I'm Butch Smith. This is my wife, Betty."
The men shook hands.
A woman called out, "Mike!" A slim middle-aged couple can forward. The woman was an attractive petite brunette. Her breasts were too big for her frame, and her big boobs sagged mightily. It was obvious that when she was younger, her rack would have been impressive.
The man was of medium height and had a thick crop of black hair on his head that was gray on his temples. Like his wife, there was no hair in his crotch. He had an average-length, skinny penis.
Mike greeted them, "Hi, Mom. Hi, Pop. This is Nell and her parents, Betty and Butch Smith." He gestured to his parents and said, "These are my parents. Ralph and Radi Radner."
Ralph said, "We know the Smiths." He looked Nell in the eyes, bowed, and said, "I haven't had the pleasure of meeting their daughter. Charmed." He extended his right arm. Nell shook it.
"Nice to meet you," Nell said. She greeted and shook Radi's hand. Radi smiled brightly and said, "My dear, you're lovely. Why don't we all have lunch?"
The six of them went to the clubhouse, sat, ate, talked, and laughed. The adults behaved themselves and did not embarrass their children. Nell was beaming. Mike was comfortable being with her parents. He proved to be well-mannered, intelligent, and well-spoken.
Likewise, Nell impressed his parents. She was cute, polite, and not at all intimidated by the Radners or their questions. She presented as a confident, thoughtful, and kind young woman.
Ralph said. "You no longer are cottontails."
"Cottontails?" Betty asked.
Ralph chuckled and said, "You know, the rabbit with a white tail that looks like a ball of cotton. It's what seasoned nudists call newcomers because of their bright white backsides."
"Oh," Betty gushed. She and Butch laughed.
"You have nice all-over tans," Radi said, "and I see that you have jettisoned your pubic hair, like most naturists."
"Yes," Betty responded. "After dabbling, we're embracing and enjoying the lifestyle and the resort. We've jumped in with both feet, so to speak. Have you been coming here long?
"Yes," Ralph said. "We own a cabin and come here nearly every weekend."
"That's nice," Butch said. "You avoid driving back and forth."
"The cabin next to ours is for rent," Radi said. "It's not expensive."
Butch looked at Betty and Nell, saw approving faces, and said, "I'll have to look into that."
Mike stood. The action caused everyone to look his way. Betty glanced at his soft slim three-inch penis. Mike said, "This has been nice. Can we return to our friends? We'll see you at dinner."
"Sure. Have fun," Radi said.
She received a kiss on the cheek from her son. Mike pulled back Nell's chair as she stood. Goodbyes were said, and the youngsters walked away. The women admired Mike's firm butt; the men smiled at Nell's wiggling derriere.
"Say, if you're interested in a cabin," Ralph said. "Why don't you come look at ours. Also, I have the key. I can show you it."
"Sounds like a plan," Butch said. The parents spent the afternoon together, visiting both units and discussing the pros and cons of having a place at the resort.
Nell and Mike spent the afternoon together. They hiked and talked. They found a secluded section, sat on the grass, and made out. "You're a good kisser," Nell said and giggled.
"So are you."
"Then kiss me some more!"
The young adults made out. Mike was respectful. He hugged her, touched her face, and rubbed her back. He didn't grope her sexy parts. He got an erection. Nell noticed that it was significantly thinner and a good inch shorter than her father's.
"He's so nice and handsome," Nell said to herself. "I want to move things forward."
She grabbed his hand and placed it on her left boob. Then she grabbed his penis, squeezed it, and said, "Thank you for not pressuring me to get physical. I like you. I want to do more than kiss. Is that okay?"
He gently squeezed her breast and said, "It's more than okay. It's great because I like you too."
They necked and petted. His hands and mouth found her mounds. She lay on her back and got light-headed as he played with her breasts and sucked on her stiff pink nipples. She also got warm and wet down below.
They heard a twig snap, stopped, and moved apart. They looked worried and guilty. Bridgit, the redhead, and Juan stepped into view.
"Hi. Sorry for barging in on you," Bridgit said. Juan chuckled and said. "I see you've found our favorite make-out place."
Bridgit had a light tan and lots of freckles. Her nipples were a pale pink. She was one of the few women here with pubic hair. She was hairless around her lower lips. She had a thick copper-colored patch of pubes on her mons.
Juan was tall, dark, and handsome, and also nice.
Bridgit took in the scene and said, "I know what you've been doing. Mike has an erection, and I can see Nell's inner thighs are shiny from the fluid leaking from her vagina."
Nell and Mike looked tense, guilty, and worried. There was a stern look on the redhead's face as she said, "You've been misbehaving."
Suddenly, a big smile broke out on Bridgit's face and she said, "That is exactly what we want to do!"
"You scared them," Juan said. "There are not a lot of out of the way places where couples can break the rules and canoodle. Can we share this space?"
Mike and Nell released a breath and looked relieved. Mike looked at Nell and said, "You don't have to." Nell ignored him and said, "Okay, but Bridgit you have to teach me how to give a blowjob."
Mike and Juan were stunned and then smiled. Bridgit said, "Okay. You're lucky that I'm an exhibitionist, and I get off being naked and having people watch me have sex."
The four gather in the small clearing. Bridgit rose to the occasion. She explained the process, demonstrated on Juan, and critiqued Nell's effort on Mike.
"Oh!" Mike groaned. Bridgit said, "There you go, Nell. You're getting the hang of it."
The young man loved it. Juan said excitedly, "This is great. It's like being in a porn video!"
The others nodded and laughed. "Ahem. This is probably a stupid question," Nell said. "Dicks are like breasts in that some are bigger than others. What do you do if the guy's cock is really big or thick."
"Are you thinking of trading me in for a bigger model? Mike joked.
"No! I'm curious."
"It's okay. I was teasing," Mike said. "I know I don't have the biggest dick in the world. I have to compensate in other ways. Juan's is bigger. Bridgit, is it okay if Nell sucks your boyfriend's dick?"
"Okay, But don't make a habit of it," she answered and laughed.
"Is it okay, Juan?" Nell asked politely. "Sure," he answered.
Nell hesitantly went down on him. Juan's dick was slightly longer and definitely thicker than Mike's. The biggest difference was the tip. The crown of Juan's dick was big.
The head of Mike's dick was only slightly larger than his shaft. Juna's was at least a half-inch larger in diameter. Nell struggled with the girth as she slowly bobbed up and down. Juan moaned appreciatively as a hot young thing sucked his cock.
Bridgit said, "That's it. Some guys have dicks too big for your mouth. Here's what I do when I encounter them." She grabbed Mike's prick and said, "Do you mind?" He shook his head.
Bridgit attacked the underside of his shaft. She licked it and then pressed her lips against it and raced up and down his shaft. She took a break and explained, "If it won't fit into your mouth. Lick it and rub your soft lips against it. Guys find that to be a really hot visual. Do the underside. It's more sensitive than the top or sides of their shaft."
She popped the crown into her mouth. She sucked, kissed, and licked it. Mike groaned approvingly. She stopped, wiped slobber off her mouth, and said, "If you can only fit the tip in, do the tip. If even that's too big, kiss and lick it like it's your favorite lollipop. Look into their eyes, while you do it. That gets them extra excited."
Nell practiced on Juan. She looked into his eyes as if she adored him and lavished attention on his crown. "Uh-oh! Oh. Sorry!" Juan said as his dick exploded. Cum flew out of his penis like a volcano erupting.
Nell shrieked as his spunk landed on her face and in her hair. Bridget came to the rescue. She took her boyfriend's cock into her mouth, captured, and swallowed his cum.
When he was finished, Bridgit said, "That's one of the hazards of sucking cock. The unexpected ejaculation." She punched Juan in the arm and said, "The guy is supposed to tell you if he's close so you aren't caught completely off guard."
"Nell, you have to learn to swallow," the redhead said. "You can blow your date, eat a breath mint, and your parents will be none the wiser. If you show up with sperm in your hair, face, or blouse. You're cooked."
"Yeah," Nell said. She grabbed Mike's prick and went to town. She did all the tricks Bridgit had shown her. Mike moaned and groaned. Minutes later, he cried out and shot his load into her mouth.
Nell squealed. Bridgit said, "Stay calm and swallow. You're not going to drown. He fires off in spurts. Catch it and swallow. You'll have time to breathe between the shots. " Nell did as she was told. It happened as Bridgit said, and she stopped freaking out.
"He'll go soft and stop," Bridgit said. She petted the blonde's hair and added, "You've got this."
Nell handled it and swallowed his spunk. She pulled off and asked, "Mike, was that okay?" He grabbed her face, kissed her, and said, "That was wonderful!" They kissed for two minutes.
"Woah!' Bridgit said. "Is that real?" She grabbed Mike's dick and said, "This is amazing. Your dick is as hard as steel. I've never met anyone who has such a short refractory time."
Mike smiled proudly and said, "I don't have the biggest dick, but it only needs a short rest before it's ready to return to duty."
Nell looked at Bridgit blankly and asked, "Why does it matter?"
Bridgit explained, "Many guys get overly excited while having sex and cum quickly. Some climax after a minute or two of intercourse. On average, a good man lasts five. A superstar might give you ten minutes."
"Okay."
"The problem is a woman needs twenty minutes of stimulation to orgasm!"
"Oh."
"Yes. So you see the problem. If the guy gives you five to ten minutes of sex, blows his load, and needs thirty minutes to recharge, by that time the woman is headed home. With Mike getting hard so quickly, you can get back to it before the woman loses interest."
"What you said is true," Juan said. "A woman needs at least twenty minutes of loving to reach an orgasm. A decent man doesn't begin the process by pulling his dick out and shoving it inside a woman. There's foreplay.
"PIV is fun," Mike said, "but it's called a climax for a reason. It's the culmination of a good evening. I like to start with twenty minutes of kissing, cuddling, and touching the whole body: her face, neck, breasts, and toes, if she appreciates a good foot massage.
"Then I give her the direct clitoral stimulation she needs, using my fingers and tongue. After all that, they usually are ready for intercourse."
Bridgit said. "That's how you make love to a woman. A man needs to take the time to get her motor running before you hit the highway. Nell, don't be afraid to demand it. Some punks are only concerned about their pleasure. Set them straight or toss them from your bed.
Juan caressed Bridgit's breasts and said, "You know that I love you. I want you to enjoy sex. I love going down on you. You have the sweetest pussy." Juan got between her legs and licked her vulva.
"Oh! Nice," Bridgit moaned.
Juan groaned and ate her. He licked her everywhere. His fingers explored her folds.
Nell looked at Mike and whispered, "Should we leave?" He shook his head, gently pushed her on her back so she lay beside the redhead, and he went down on her.
"OH! God!" Nell hollered when Mike's tongue caressed her clit. "Oral's the bomb!" Bridgit said. She held Nell's hand. The women closed their eyes and lay there focusing on the pleasure their partners gave them.
The men did fine work. They brought the women to raucous orgasms. They screamed, spasmed, and rested, basking in the afterglow of their climaxes.
"That was great," Bridgit said. She kissed her beau. "We're going to fuck," she said to the other couple. "We have condoms to spare if you want to continue this debauchery."
Mike was worried about Nell and shook his head no. Nell was all in and shouted. "YES! Thanks!"
"We've only known each other a short time," Mike said. "We don't have to rush things."
Nell looked him in the eye and said, "I'm eighteen. I want to do this. I like you. I trust you. So many girls I know were drunk and can't remember anything about their first time. Or had horrible experiences with clueless guys. I know that won't be the case with you."
"Are you sure you want to do it with us around?" Bridgit asked.
"I'm sure. Will you hold my hand again?"
"Yes."
Juan passed out the condoms. The guys put them on. The women lay side by side. The guys were on the outside. Everyone started with kisses and caresses and moved on to breast play.
The guys went down on the young women. "I'm really wet," Bridgit said. "How about you, Nell?"
"I guess," Nell answered. She didn't sound confident.
"Oh. That's right. You're a virgin," Bridgit said. "Want me to check?"
"Yes."
Bridgit fingered her new friend. She chuckled and said, "You're the first girl I've ever felt up. You're wet and good to go!"
The men mounted the women. Juan entered his girlfriend without much concern. They'd been fucking for months. Mike was very cautious and asked a lot of questions as he penetrated Nell.
She was, as you can imagine, scared and confused, and periodically surprised by the good feelings intercourse engendered. She gripped the redhead's hand tightly.
Mike and Bridgit monitored Nell. Juan looked at her, but only because she was a hot naked girl getting nailed for the first time.
"You're in good hands, Nell. I know it's bewildering and overwhelming. My first time was!" Bridgit said. She let go of her hand and said, "Juan and I like to mix things up. I need my hand back."
Bridgit and Juan fucked: missionary, doggie style, and finished in girl on top. They moaned and groaned and appeared to be having a blast.
Mike was cautious, complimentary, and encouraging. When Bridgit mounted Juan. He had Nell mount him. Bridgit said, "I love sex! I love all positions, but this is my favorite. I can see my lover's face and eyes, and I'm in control.
"I dictate the speed. I control the angle of penetration. Experiment, Nell. Discover how you like it. Be selfish. Do what pleases you. The guys are thrilled to be with hot chicks like us. They're going to climax whether we are good or bad lovers, so don't worry about them. Focus on you and your orgasm."
"She's right," Mike said. "You're so beautiful. Your pussy is a furnace. I love your breasts. Ride me!"
The women rode their men hard. Nell discovered some moves brought her more pleasure, so she did them a lot.
"Ohhhh!" Bridget screamed. She came. Juan hollered and climaxed too.
Mike tried to hold off, but hearing two orgasmic cries and feeling Nell's tight velvet vagina massage his rod was too much. He moaned and came. Nell felt his dick pulse and guessed that he was cumming inside her.
She rolled off him when his dick fell out of her.
After a period of rest, the females talked. Bridgit and Nell described what happened and how they felt. "You know, hardly any girl climaxes her first time," Bridgit said. "There's just too much happening. Too many thoughts, doubts, and questions. Most of us enjoy part of it and spend days trying to figure out what happened and what we should do differently next time."
They washed in a creek and joined their friends. Word got around quickly that Nell and Mike had done it. Mike got congratulations from the guys. The women huddled around Nell to hear her story and share theirs.
^^^
While this was happening by the lake, Radi, Roger, Butch, and Betty went to the cabins. The first stop was the Radner's cabin. The Smiths got a drink, a tour, and a pitch about why having a cabin was a great idea. They also got a proposition they didn't expect.
Ralph said, "Radi and I have been naturists for twenty years. We've been coming here for fifteen years, and we've owned this cabin for ten years. We love the facility and enjoy and respect the lifestyle. But I admit sometimes, the scenery, all the naked bodies, arouses us. We come back here to let off steam."
"And here I thought, having a cabin would enhance our enjoyment by allowing us to stay longer and drive less," Butch said and laughed.
Ralph caressed his wife's bottom. She smiled. He ran his hand across her stomach and fondled a breast. She sighed. Ralph held her tit and said, "As all naturists, Radi and I enjoy being naked. We enjoy it more than most as we are exhibitionists and voyeurs.
"I apologize if my confession shocks you. If you're uncomfortable and want to leave, we understand and will never proposition you again."
"What's the proposition?" Betty asked. "Are you swingers?"
"No," Radi answered. "We like it to look and be seen." She grabbed her husband's dick. She stroked his growing erections and said, "We are monogamous. We never swap. We like to have sex in the same room with other couples and watch and be watched."
She got down on her knees and took her husband's hard pecker into her mouth.
Ralph sighed and said, "Radi would love to see Butch hard. Betty, she'd like to see you suck his big dick and take it inside you. If you like an audience, the cabin next door is yours. No charge. All we ask is that periodically we share a room while making love to our partners."
Ralph pulled his cock out of Radi's mouth, helped her stand, and said, "We've made our pitch. We'll step outside if you want a moment to consider it."
"It's you watching us and us seeing you?" Betty asked to make certain she understood the proposal.
"Yes," Radi answered.
"We don't need to talk it over," Betty said. "We are a pair of dirt balls who enjoy what you enjoy. So far it's all been pretend. We roleplay. Why don't we give it a try now?"
"Great!" Ralph said. "Here's our playroom." He led them to a room off the hall across from the bathroom. They went inside. It looked like a normal bedroom. It had two three-quarter beds against the walls. There was a two-foot aisle between them.
Radi said, "This looks like a standard guest bedroom. It is, but it also serves as our sex room. We each have our own bed. There are chairs that can be moved around so you can sit and get the view you enjoy the most."
Ralph reclined on the bed, moved to be close to the wall, and said, "Please have a seat on the other bed." Butch and Betty sat.
Radi said, "We like the extra width these beds have." Radi climbed on the bed, got between Ralph's legs, and took her husband's cock into her mouth. She sucked his dick for a bit and said, "You're close enough to get a good view. Since this bed is four feet wide, I can do this."
Radi climbed over Ralph's leg, got up on her hands and knees, and sucked his cock again. Her ass faced them and was up in their grill. Ralph slipped his hand between her thighs and fingered his wife.
Betty and Butch were amazed how close they were and how clearly they could see Radi's anus and vulva! They could smell her arousal.
"Damn!" Butch said. "This is better than HD porn!"
"Oh!" Betty exclaimed. "Radi, your pussy is perfect. It's neat and clean. No giant outer labia and no flesh tumbling out of your gash."
Radi pulled off and said, "Thanks, but you know the deal, 'You get what you get with no take backs!'. My neat and tidy pussy comes with Slinky-like boobs that go down to my belly button."
They all laughed.
Betty said, "We're in."
"You don't want to ask your husband?" Ralph asked. Betty grabbed Butch's big thick erection and said, "This is him shouting, 'I'm all in!"
Butch hugged her and said, "Babe, watching is making me horny." "Me too. Sixty-nine?" Betty asked.
Butch stretched out on the bed, and Betty got on top. She lowered her pussy to his face as her mouth swallowed his cock. "OHHH!" they cried out and went at it - giving and getting - with a captivated audience watching and commenting.
The other couple stopped what they were doing and watched. "That's a big dick," Ralph said. "Yes, it is!" Radi said, "and look! She took it into her mouth."
The Radners fondled each other as they watched the sex show. They oohed and ahhed almost as much as the participants.
They watched, spellbound and mesmerized, and they smiled broadly when Betty cried out and climaxed.
"That was quite a show," Radi said. "I'm a greedy bitch. I want more. Butch, your going to fuck your wife with that massive cock, aren't you?"
"Yes, Ma'am!"
"Fuck me!" Betty said, foregoing any rest. She was excited by the audience. "Ohhh!" The Smiths groaned when Butch penetrated his wife.
The Radners stood and walked around to get good views of Butch's penis entering Betty's vagina. The sounds the Butch and Betty made were like icing on a cake.
Ralph stood behind his wife and fingered her as they stood spellbound. "Imagine how much she is being stretched," he said. "Yes. His penis is enormous." Ralph curled his hand and began shoving all his fingers into his wife's pussy.
"Oh! Oh, God! That's what it must feel like!" Radi said. She moaned with every thrust of her husband's hand.
The room was hot. The air filled with the odor of sex and the sound of heavy breathing, moans, and groans.
The Smiths didn't last long. They cried out and came. Radi did too. She slumped, Ralph caught her and guided her to the bed. She lay with her chest on the bed. Ralph grabbed his cock and shoved it in her weeping pussy and took his relief.
The four rested. They washed, drank beer to rehydrate, and thought about what happened. "That was hot," Betty said. "I haven't cum that hard in a while."
"Me neither," the others said. Ralph handed Butch the key to the vacant cabin and said, "I look forward to doing that again." "Me too," Butch responded.
"After dinner? Radi suggested. "Yes!" the Smiths responded. They all laughed.
^^^
Mike and Nell found their parents at the pool with the other grown-ups. They joined them, sunbathed, and chatted. Nell giggled, leaned into Mike, and whispered, "Is it weird that I don't feel weird being naked in front of my parents."
"It's because you are a girl."
"What?"
Mike whispered, "You never visibly get sexually aroused in front of your parents. Boys do. Earlier on, when we began practicing naturism, I'd blush, cringe, and run off when I felt an erection coming. People say erections happen and that it isn't under your control, but when the only person around you when you get an erection is your mother, that doesn't make it any better. You feel weird.!
They laughed.
The families had dinner together. Everyone got along fabulously.
"Nell, we have news," her father said. "We have a cabin here."
"No more driving back and forth," Betty said. "And our cabin is next to the Radners."
"Cool. Are we spending the night?"
"You could," Radi said, looking at Betty. "It is in move-in condition. Linens are on the beds. Towels in the bathroom. There are toiletries, like toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, and shampoo."
"Okay. We are staying over," Butch announced.
^^^
After dinner, the parents went to the clubhouse. They drank and did karaoke. The kids went back to the secluded spot. A handful of people were there.
"I guess it was too much to hope we'd have this place to ourselves," Mike said to Nell.
"It doesn't matter," Nell said. "They're friends. They've seen us naked. What does it matter if they see us kiss?"
"Ohhh!" Mia moaned. She was on her hands and knees. Craig, one of the guys with a six-inch cock, was kneeling behind, fucking the big woman with slow deep strokes.
Bridgit and Juan watched and masturbated. Jen was lying near them. Joe was fingering her and sucking on her tits.
Mike said, "Are you sure? It looks like there's more than kissing going on."
Nell giggled, grabbed his penis, squeezed it, and said, "I hope so." They said hello to everyone, found a spot, and made out. Nell appeared comfortable, so Mike relaxed. After many lovely kisses, Nell went down on him. Then, he went down on her.
Mia moaned loudly. Everyone looked her way and smiled as they watched her and Craig orgasm.
Inspired, two couples started having sex doggie style. Nell got on her hands and knees and offered Mike her behind. He said, "That position is not a good one for a guy like me with a small cock. Let's do it, missionary. It will bring you more pleasure."
Nell nodded. He put on a rubber. She moaned when he entered her and bucked into him. "This is nice. Better than earlier," she thought.
They fucked. The others got off, moaned, gasped, and smiled. Mike tried mightily to make her climax. She didn't know how. She couldn't focus. Eventually, he came.
Mike kissed and fingered her to keep her aroused. He got a second wind, put on another condom, and thrust into her.
"Oh! I thought it was over."
"Not yet, my love."
He lasted longer, but not long enough. He kissed and fingered her while his penis rested.
"Oh! Oh!" she moaned
A third erection surfaced. Mike covered it with a condom and resumed fucking her. They were hot and sweaty. Their hearts pounded. Mike pounded her relentlessly. This time she climaxed.
She cried out. Her body spasmed. Mike smiled proudly, thrust, grunted, and came a third time. After resting, Mike kissed her and said, "Now you know what all the fuss is about." "Yes," she answered. "It was wonderful!"
Mike got up and got a beer. The women swarmed Nell and peppered her with questions and talked about the first time they had sex and their first orgasms.
^^^
The parents had a good time at the clubhouse. When the doors closed, they stumbled out intoxicated. "How about we play peek-a-boo again?" Butch said.
They agreed and went to the Radners' cabin. Ralph stopped on the front porch and asked, "Can we play a game?"
"What do you have in mind?" Betty answered. Radi told them; they agreed.
The Smiths stepped off the deck. Radi said loudly, like an actress on a stage, "Darling, that was a wonderful dinner. How can I ever thank you?"
"I can think of a few ways," Ralph said. He groped her breasts. "I like the way you think," his wife answered. She kissed him and fondled his penis. Then, she said, "Get inside before we are seen. I'm going to suck your cock."
The Radners chuckled and went inside. A moment later, the Smiths stepped onto the porch. Betty said, "I wonder if Ralph and Radi are home." She went to the door. Butch went to the window and peered inside. He whispered, "Don't knock."
"What? Why?"
He signaled that she should come to him. She did, and they looked inside. Ralph was reclining on the living room sofa. Radi was kneeling on the floor, sucking his cock.
"Oh, my!" Betty gasped. "We should leave. We're invading their privacy."
"Why? What they don't know can't hurt then," Butch said, not taking his eyes off what was happening inside. "This is hot! Radi has a nice ass and look at her go at it! She could suck the chrome of the bumper of a Buick!"
"We should leave and give them their privacy," Betty repeated. She said the correct words but didn't follow them up with action. She stood beside her husband and peered inside.
Butch stepped behind her. He fondled her breasts and pressed his erection against her buttocks as the pair watched the other couple. Radi teased and pleased her man. She managed to flash the Smiths' great views of her boobs, ass, and Ralph's hard cock while servicing him.
The Smiths watched. They were mesmerized and aroused. Butch fingered Betty's wet pussy. She reached back, grabbed his stiff dick, and stroked it. When she was lubricated, she spread her legs, leaned over, and shoved his cock into her vagina.
"Oh!" they groaned.
Radi heard her groan and made a move. She stood, faced the window, and sat on her husband's erection. "Ohhh!" they moaned.
The couples fucked while they watched the other couple fuck. Radi's saggy breasts bounced like crazy. Mostly, the couples focused on the expressions on the other's faces.
All pretense that they were secretly spying fell by the wayside. The joy generated by seeing and being seen caused all parties to experience tremendous orgasms.
^^^ten minutes before^^^
Mike and Nell meandered through the woods, holding hands and periodically smoothing as they made their way to the cabins.
"That was nice," Nell said. She giggled and kissed Mike. "Will we be doing that again?"
Mike kissed her and said, "Generally, I reserve that activity for my girlfriend." He looked deep into her eyes. He saw happiness. She playfully answered, "You're in luck," she said. "I'm currently unattached. If you ask nicely..."
"Nell, I like you. I don't want to be with anyone but you. Will you be my girlfriend?"
"YES!"
Her joyful shout was followed by a bout of kissing. Nell almost got fucked again, but the young people heard other people talking, worried that they'd seen be adults, and curtailed all sexual activity.
They climbed a small hill and saw the cabins. "Oh!" Nell gasped. She stopped in her tracks because she recognized her father on the porch. Due to her new first-hand knowledge of sex, she knew what he was doing.
They heard a woman moan. Nell covered her mouth with her hand and whispered, "That's my parents on the porch having sex!"
They stood transfixed and watched. They were like the people at the scene of a horrible car accident who can't turn away. Nell said quietly, "I thought my parents no longer had sex...that they were too old."
"Why are they doing it on the porch of your cabin?" Nell asked. "I don't know. Are they looking inside?" Mike asked.
Fifteen minutes after Betty and Butch climaxed and went inside, Mike and Nell knocked on the door. The four adults were inside. They joined their parents for a drink and conversation before going to bed.
Nell kept glancing at her parents' genitals. She could not stop thinking about what she saw. She imagined her dad with an erection and plunging the big unit into his mom.
Yeah. She got wet.
^^^Fast forward two years^^^
All is good with our couples. Mike and Nell are still boyfriend and girlfriend, and their parents' marriages are strong. They get together for dinners and holidays. The parents have special joint date nights where they watch each other have sex.
^^^Friday afternoon^^^
"Ready to go?" Betty asked Nell. "Yes, I think I packed everything I'll need for our camping trip."
"Do you have your bathing suit?"
"No," the twenty-year-old answered. "Should I?"
Her mother laughed and said, "No. I was teasing. This is a secluded campsite. We can be naked without worrying about being seen by anyone."
The women grabbed their bags and went outside. Butch and Mike were loading the car. When the packing was complete, they headed off on their remote mountain getaway.
"It's a shame your grandfather's cabin was destroyed by a storm," Mike said to Betty.
She chuckled and said, "Not really. It was a dump. I hated to go there when I was a kid. The spiders!" She shivered. "The roof leaked, and it was cold during the fall and winter. I enjoy it more now that the crummy cabin is gone.
"The campsite is in a lovely spot with great views of rolling hills, trees, and a lake. Enough of the chimney is standing that we can use it to cook. I much prefer a tent to a rat-infested cabin."
"My parents enjoyed their visit," Mike said. "They said the sights were inspiring and spectacular."
Mike guffawed, recalling the voyeur and exhibitionist activities that occurred when Radi and Ralph joined them at the lake.
Two and a half hours later, Butch pulled into a clearing where the old cabin had been. They parked on the gravel driveway and set up their tents on a sunny flat grassy spot overlooking the lake.
Each couple had their own tent. Mike and Nell had been dating for two years. No one pretended that they weren't having sex. The youngster kissed in front of their parents. They saved the more intimate contact for when they were alone.
Everyone stripped. "Last one in the lake is a rotten egg!" Betty shouted. She ran toward the lake. Her words set off a stampede. Boobs and dicks bounced as they rushed and jumped into the water.
"Ah!" Butch sighed. "The water temperature is perfect." The others agreed.
They relaxed in the warm water and sunshine. High jinks followed. During some splashing and roughhousing, Mike's hand cupped Betty's right breast. He jerked his hand away and looked aghast. Betty smiled and said, "Thank you for looking distressed. I know the contact was accidental. You're forgiven."
After a great afternoon, they cooked dinner, ate, and lay on the ground looking at the stars. They talked, laughed, and drank until everyone was very intoxicated.
The couples went to their tents, got in their double sleeping bags, had quick drunken sex, and fell asleep.
Hours later, the women exited their tents and bumped into each other. "I have to pee," Betty said. Nell giggled and said, "Me too." The women clasped hands, staggered off, and relieved themselves.
They returned to the campsite and went into the wrong tent. The drunk women woke the men who were lying on their sides as they climbed into the sleeping bags and snuggled their backside up against the men.
Soft bottoms pressed against hard groins. When they didn't object to their necks being kissed, the men groped the women's breasts. When the women sighed contentedly, the men fingered their shaved pussies. Eventually, the men pushed their cocks into the weeping vaginas.
In a drunken stupor, the pairs fucked. Their hazy minds registered the smell of sunscreen. The man enjoyed the soft feel of average-sized boobs in their hands, the slick hairless cunts, and the warm wet vaginas. The women enjoyed hard masculine bodies, the tender touch of their lovers, and steely hard cocks when they slid inside them.
Nell sighed and thought, "God! Mike's dick feels huge. It must be the alcohol messing with my perception. I'll have to get blind drunk more often!"
"The old man isn't as big as he usually is," Betty thought as she was plowed from behind by a slim shorter staff. "I should count myself lucky that he has any size erection after all the liquor he drank."
The men had a single thought, "This is good pussy."
Nell came first. It was uncharacteristically quick. She cried out as the unusual sensation of being stretched to the max and having the nerves along all sides of her vaginal wall pinging gave her a great orgasm. Her man heard her cry, felt her pussy pulse, and filled her with his cream.
The combination of orgasms and heavy drinking caused their foggy brains to shut down. They fell asleep.
Nell's organic cry made Betty smile. She thought, "Mike's a good man. Sounds like he took good care of my daughter. Mmmm. The old man's doing a decent job on me."
Minutes later, Betty moaned loudly and climaxed. Her partner spewed his load inside her. They rested and enjoyed the blissful feelings radiating throughout their bodies.
Betty's bliss was interrupted when her partner's member stiffened, and he drove it in and out of her. She giggled and thought, "This is unusual. Butch is usually a once and done guy."
They rutted. Betty was pleasantly surprised by a second orgasm. "Look at me," she thought as pleasure coursed through her veins, "I'm capable of multiple orgasms."
She drifted off to sleep and was woken by a hard cock being thrust into her vagina. "What the fuck! Is it the full moon or the whiskey? Maybe Butch took some Viagra, not that I'm going to complain. Ohhh."
She focused on the hard dick rubbing against her G-spot and climaxed a third time as did her lover. This time the spent erection didn't have an encore. The penis slipped out of her, and both parties slept like babies.
Hours later, when the sun was preparing to rise, Butch woke. He smiled and caressed the naked body lying in front of him. He was hard; she was near. He grabbed his thick erection and shoved it into her vagina. The tip went in.
That woke her. She reached around to help and grabbed the thick cock. She giggled and asked, "Why is your cock suddenly so big?
Butch froze. He was unable to speak.
Nell held it in place and shoved her ass backward. She grunted as two additional inches of meaty cock slid inside her.
"Nell, I'm not Mike," Butch said.
Nell's head whipped around. Father and daughter stared at each other. She screamed and wiggled off his penis.
The noise woke the party in the other tent. They stretched, yawned, and looked at one another. Betty shouted, "You!".
Mike said, "Did we...?"
Nell shrieked again. All parties ran out of their tents and looked at each other. "Oh, no," Betty gasped.
"How could this happen?" Nell shouted, and she ran into the woods.
Mike and Butch took a step to follow her. Betty said, "No. I'll deal with this."
The women were gone for an hour. When they returned, they looked exhausted. Their cheeks were tear-stained.
The men stood silently like defendants awaiting the jury's verdict.
Betty said, "We forgive you. This was a case of accidental incest. We all had too much to drink. Nell and I got up to pee. It was dark, we were drunk, and we went to the wrong tent.
"We can see how, because of the darkness, the alcohol, and that we have a similar build, you assumed that the woman sliding into your sleeping bag was the same woman who had left minutes before.
"When we started messing around, no one's senses weren't operating at peak efficiency. We all smelled of sunscreen. Nell and I have the same type, color, and length of hair. When you grabbed a boob, it was the right size. My breasts are saggier, but we are both B cups.
"When you slid your cocks in us, did you notice anything different?" Nell asked.
The men went rigid with fear. They wondered, "Were we supposed to? Is this the gotcha moment when they turn on us?"
Betty let them stew for a moment and then said, "I doubt if any man can tell. When they discuss pussies, they talk about warmth, wetness, and a cozy grip. We know these characteristics can be different for a woman from one day to the next, depending on our cycle, our diet, etc.
"I guess you didn't know you were with the wrong person," Nell said. "Fingers are built to pick up information. They notice details, like shapes and textures. No offense, but penises are dumb. I've heard stories from my girlfriends of guys sliding their cock between a pair of thighs and thinking they are inside."
"Yeah," Betty agreed. "And how many guys have claimed 'I didn't know' when they accidentally push their dick in a woman's ass."
"What about you?" Butch asked. "Mike and I are roughly the same body size, plus or minus a couple of inches and twenty pounds, but didn't you notice it wasn't the usual penis inside you?"
"I did," Betty admitted. "Remember, Nell and I weren't operating with our usual faculties. I felt a smaller presence but put it down to whiskey dick. I figured that due to the amount of alcohol you'd consumed, you didn't have your usual robust erection. I didn't want to embarrass you, so I said nothing."
Butch looked at Nell and asked, "What about you? You didn't notice, in your mother's words, a larger presence?"
"I did," she admitted and blushed. "Honestly, I was thrilled. I've never been so filled, but I didn't think 'Oh. this isn't Mike'. I wrote it off to me being drunk. You know how when you're intoxicated, your perception is off. You talk loud, think you're a great dancer, and that everything you say is profound?"
"Butch, Mike," Betty said. "Do you forgive us?"
"Yes," the men said. "We all had too much to drink," Mike added.
"Thank you," Nell said. Immediately, her mother said, "So we can switch partners again tonight."
"WHAT?" the men shouted.
"You enjoyed fucking us," Betty said. She looked at her husband and said, "You came inside your daughter."
"I thought it was you!" he explained.
Nell button-holed Mike, and said, "You came three times inside my Mum."
"I thought it was you!" he pleaded.
The women ignored the men's responses. Nell said, "Dad, I enjoyed your huge cock."
Betty looked at Mike, smiled, and said, "I discovered that I'm multi-orgasmic when I partner with the Energizer Bunny, the man who reloads quickly and keeps going and going and going."
"We want a do-over," Nell said. "This time we won't be drunk." Nell walked up to her father, grabbed his penis, and gently squeezed it.
She said, "I have a confession. I've seen and touched some penises and given a few blowjobs, but Mike you were my first, and until last night, the only man I've had PIV sex with. I love you dearly with all my heart and soul, but...I'm sorry to say there's a couple of buts."
She looked her boyfriend in the eyes and said, "You're the only man with whom I've had intercourse and I can't say I haven't wondered what it would feel like with other guys. Your penis has never failed to thrill me, but I've wondered what a bigger one would feel like.
"Now, I know. Kind of. Since I've slept with my father. But. There's that word again. But, while I had sex with a big dick, I feel like I missed out because I was drunk and I'm unable to remember everything."
Nell had been stroking and squeezing her father's dick the whole time she was talking. He was her father, but he was a man first. He had a full-blown erection.
She looked at her father and said, "You can be my savior. You and your big dick can put to rest the questions that nag me. Such as, 'How do I know for sure Mike's the one when I've never been with anyone else?' and 'What would it feel like to be fucked by a big thick cock?'
"Dad, you're the best person to answer these questions because you have a big penis and there's no way you can mess up what I have with Mike. We aren't going to fall in love and run off. You love Mom."
Betty said, "Nell and I have talked and I've assured her that she's a normal girl who has questions we all do, and I agree her father is the perfect man to experiment with because he loves her and there's no possibility of a relationship that could supplant the one she has with Mike.
"Mike," Betty said. "You and I are great people. We are understanding people. We want the best for our partners, but it's too big an ask to expect us to sit back and watch while our partners have sex. Even if it's for a good cause like preventing Nell's questions from popping up sometime in the future and causing her to have an affair that destroys your marriage."
Betty walked up to Mike and grasped his penis. She lovingly caressed it and said, "So while Butch pummels Nell and Nell realizes that the grass isn't greener on the other side of the road, you and I will have sex. What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
"We will engage in extracurricular sex, so we cannot be jealous or feel that our spouses are one up on us, and before you complain that you're getting the short end of the stick...me, a woman who is twenty years older than your girlfriend, may I remind you that your cock exploded three times in my quadragenarian pussy."
"You're a beautiful woman," Mike said. "I have no complaints about being with you, and I agree this is a good idea. I've slept with two dozen women. I know there is no one on the planet who can equal Nell, but that is something she has to learn for herself."
"Good," Betty said. "So here's the plan. We're all hungover. We'll rest this morning, have a light lunch at noon, and ball out afterward."
She dropped to her knees and took his daughter's boyfriend's cock into her mouth and sucked. Nell smiled at Mike and said, "Enjoy her efforts. We know this is an unusual request. The blowjob is to assure you that this isn't a dream or some kind of trick."
Nell knelt and said, "Dad, I have a BJ for you." She opened her mouth wide and took her father's cock into her mouth. She giggled and went to work. Her father moaned. She exclaimed excitedly, "This penis is so BIG!"
Everyone laughed.
The women enthusiastically sucked cock. The men moaned, groaned, squirmed, and eventually came in a mouth their penis had never been in before with women they never imagined they would have sex with.
^^^
They had an easy morning. They ate breakfast, lay in the sun, and napped. They gathered for lunch and ate under the shade of a large maple tree.
Betty stood, extended a hand to Mike, and said, "Come." He stood, took her hand, and followed her to a secluded spot where dappled sunlight came through the trees and struck a beach towel spread out on green grass.
^^^
"Are we really doing this?" Butch asked his daughter.
"Yes. I need to know and this is the safest option because it's unlikely that you will stalk or blackmail me," Nell said.
They shared a laugh. He asked, "How does this happen?"
"I don't think we need to kiss," Nell said. "Can you prepare me? Touch my breasts, butt, and pussy, and take me." Her father nodded.
She asked, "Can we do it doggie style? That's not a position Mike and I do because of his short cock. I'd like to try it."
"Sure."
^^^
"How do we start?" Mike asked. Betty chuckled and said, "It's funny to think we are about to have sex and I was thinking kissing on the lips is too intimate."
She turned around and pressed the back of her body against his and said, "I like to be kissed on the nape of my neck and shoulders. Touch my breasts and caress my body."
Mike embraced her and did as she requested. He peppered her neck and shoulders with kisses as he fondled her soft breasts and rubbed every part of her he could reach. His penis grew hard and pressed against her butt.
She chuckled, grabbed it, and said, "There you are my friend." She stroked and said, "My first boyfriend had a cock like this. I know boys worry about the size of their penises, but they don't need to. It's the rare woman that breaks up with a man because of the size of his cock."
She turned, knelt, took his prick into her mouth, and sucked. He moaned.
Ten minutes later she pulled off and said, "Your dick is a joy to suck. Butch is so big it's no fun. He makes my jaw aches and I can't do my tricks, like massage your dick with my tongue because there's no room. I'm lucky to put my lips around my husband's thick cock."
"I'm glad you enjoyed giving me a BJ," Mike said. "I hope it won't be the last one. I enjoyed it. You were enthusiastic, playful, and obviously, you have skills. I could tell you were having fun which made it fun, sexy, and satisfying for me."
^^^
Father and daughter reclined on a blanket. She lay on her back, Butch gently ran his hands all over her, from her nose to her toes. Her stiff pink nipples attracted his attention. He sucked on them, caressed her belly and her thighs, and eventually touched her shaved pussy.
"Oh. Mmmm," Nell moaned. Butch looked up at the sky and said to himself, "You're not going to strike me dead for fingering my daughter?" He saw no storm clouds gathering. When the lightning strike he half expected didn't materialize, he continued to fondle his daughter.
Nell sighed and said, "I liked what you were doing. Suck on my boobs and finger me more." Butch did. His hard cock pressed against her slender thigh and he thought, "She wants it. My penis wants to do her. God isn't stopping us. It looks like we're having sex."
He squeezed her firm breasts, kissed a nip, and said, "You're lovely. Oh, to experience the beauty of youth!"
^^^
Betty stood and said, "Thanks for the compliments."
Mike asked, "Can we reconsider the no kissing on the lips policy?"
"Why?" she asked.
He smiled and said, "I love blowjobs and you gave me a great one." He placed a finger on her lips and said, "A woman's lips become warm, soft, and plump when she sucks a cock and are especially enjoyable to kiss. I want to enjoy yours while they are in this state."
"Okay."
Mike embraced her and pressed his lips against her. He moaned. So did she. It was a long kiss. Mike's hands danced up and down her back, giving Betty goosebumps. His hands caressed her bottom, grasped her butt cheeks, and delved into her crack. The digits of his left hand pressed on her anus.
After a moving five-minute kiss, they broke apart and looked into each other's eyes. Betty sighed and said, "That was nice. My first boyfriend's name was Johnny. He was like you: cute, he had active hands, and was a good kisser."
She puckered up and kissed his lips and said, "You can kiss me anywhere." She raised her eyebrows suggestively and they both knew she was asking for oral sex.
Mike smiled and gave her a sloppy wet kiss. He asked, "What happened to Johnny?"
"I was young and dumb. I cheated on him. I thought kissing him was fun. It made me wonder how much fun it would be to kiss and screw other guys. He found out I was messing around, and ended our relationship.
"That's why I'm supporting my daughter experimenting with her father. She's hearing the same voice in her head that I heard. The voice won't go away until she learns the answers. I'm hoping the price won't be a relationship with you."
"I understand. The same thing has happened to many of my friends. I was sad and upset that I met someone as wonderful as Nell because she was so young and inexperienced. I hope we can put this to bed during this camping trip and she and I can have a long and happy relationship."
^^^
I want to see it!" Nell said excitedly. Butch knew what she was talking about and laid on his back. She got on her knees and went for his penis. Her eyes were wide with wonder and her hands caressed his unit.
She was spellbound as she touched and stroked his member. She oohed and ahhed as she examined all parts of it. She kissed the tip, jostled his testicles, and grasped his thick mighty shaft.
Butch watched her explore his erect penis. Five minutes passed and it looked like her interest wasn't waning. Butch reached out to touch her. He could reach one shoulder and part of her back. He rubbed her bare skin.
Her breasts and genitals were out of his reach because she was parallel to him with her bottom near her feet.
Butch patted her shoulder and ran his nails on the part of her back that he could reach.
Another five minutes passed as Nell studied, explored, caressed, and kissed his dick. "Oh, she said, out of the blue. "Sorry, Dad. I've been having fun. I was mesmerized by your cock and just realized you're laying there and all you can do is rub my shoulder.
"Let's make this fairer and more interesting for you."
Nell got on her hands and knees and straddled his head. Her pussy was inches from his face! She resumed studying and playing with his penis and gave him access to her counterpart.
"Woah!" Butch said as he stared up at her hairless cunt. He could see everything. He smelled her arousal and noticed her labia were shiny from her fluid.
"Her pussy is a lot like her mother's," he told himself. "She has the same thin wrinkled flesh dangling out of her vagina. Her asshole is pink like her nipples. Those parts of Betty are brown."
He caressed her bottom. When she didn't flinch or complain, he touched more. His fingers slid across her crinkled anus, touched her outer labia, and dipped into her slit. "I'm going to Hell," he thought. "I might as well deserve it," he thought.
He lifted his head and licked her pussy.
"Oh!" Nell cried out. He paused and thought, "Stop it! You dirty old man!"
Nell lowered her hips, bringing her vagina closer to him. She said in a quiet voice, "I liked that. Please do more. I'm going to suck your big beautiful dick. It'll be less awkward for me if you were doing something to me like eating my pussy."
Father and daughter performed oral sex on each other.
^^^
"You know I have to go down on you," Mike said.
"Oh, really!" Betty said and laughed. "Why is that?"
"Because you're gorgeous and sexy, and I bet you taste great. I have to find out." Mike and Betty reclined. He kissed her plump lips. Then, he got between her legs and kissed her other lips.
"Oh," she moaned softly.
Mike went to work. His hands, lips, and tongue explored her nether region. His mouth paid particular attention to her clit and her gash while his hands caressed her tummy, thighs, and butt.
He pushed her knees to her chest and licked her perineum. She laughed and said, "That's a spot that is often neglected."
"I pride myself on being thorough," he said before licking her anus.
"Ha!," she cried out.
Mike continued to mix things up and neglected nothing. Her clitoris got plenty of attention. He sucked on the protruding labia minora, his fingers raked her inner thighs, and periodically, something, a finger, a thumb, his lips would brush against or press against her butt hole.
He tapped his dick against her clit and asked, "Are you ready for my cock?"
"Yes. I'm wet. Very wet."
He plunged his dick into her vagina. He bottomed out. They gasped and moaned. He put her heels on his shoulders and fucked her. He stayed on his knees, grabbed Betty's ankles, held them high in the air, and thrust into her warm hole.
They moaned and groaned. Mike jabbed her with his penis. He moved her legs. Sometimes he held them together; other times he spread them apart. The different positions changed the tightness of her pussy and how and where his penis rubbed the wall of her vagina.
"Oh! Oh!" Betty hollered. She thought, "My lucky daughter! This man knows how to pleasure a woman."
^^^
"I love this dick!" Nell shouted in her brain.
"I love this pussy!" Butch thought as he ate his daughter. "She's so young, so fresh, and she creams like crazy! I guy could drown from all the tart, yummy fluid she's producing."
Nell stopped sucking her father's prick. She closed her eyes and moaned loudly. She focused one hundred percent on what he was doing to her and the pure pleasure she felt.
"Oh! Oh, God! Ohhhh" she moaned as the tip of his tongue rapidly criss-crossed over her swollen button. "OOHHH!" she hollered as she climaxed. A gush of fluid accompanied her orgasm and further soaked Butch's face.
^^^
Mike looked at Betty, smiled, and said, "You are so beautiful. I love how your eyes become slits as you focus on the pleasure you're feeling."
"I am enjoying this. The contrast between when my legs are open and my thighs are together is very, very nice."
"For me too." Mike chuckled and added, "When your legs are together, your vagina is tighter and the snugness allows me to pretend that my slim cock is filling you!"
They laughed. Betty said, "I'm glad you can laugh. Most small-penis guys are angry. You make the most of what you have and we both are having a good time."
Mike pulled out, lay beside her, and said, "It is what it is. Being angry won't change anything. Why don't you mount me and be in charge for a while."
Betty straddled his hips and impaled herself on his sub-par penis.
^^^
Nell's orgasm was a big one. She collapsed and zoned out. Her pussy pressed against her father's face. He lay still and allowed her to enjoy the bliss. Minutes passed.
"Oh! Sorry, Dad," Nell said, sounding embarrassed when she focused on this world. She scrambled off of him saying, "That was a big one. I lay there enjoying it and forgot my pussy was on your face." Her face was red.
Butch sat up, stretched, and said, "No hard feelings. I understand. You came." He shrugged his shoulders good-naturedly.
"Still. It was inconsiderate of me. I was smothering you. Oh, God! Your nose was in my crotch! I made you breathe my... Oh, God!"
Butch sat her up, hugged her, and said, "There. There. As I said there was no harm done. What we are doing involves bodily fluids. It's not a surprise or gross. I like the way you smell and taste."
They froze. Their eyes got big and they looked uncomfortable. "Damn it!" Butch said to himself. "What are you thinking? Talking to your daughter about how she tastes!"
^^^
Betty rode her daughter's boyfriend's cock. "This is nice," she said to him. To herself, she added, "This is a good position for a small cock. Since I'm controlling the action, I can change the angle to get the most pleasure possible, and if his slim cock disappoints my vagina, I can grind my clit against his pubic bone."
They fucked. Betty maximized her pleasure and climaxed. Mike grunted and came with her. She rested and enjoyed the good feelings.
She giggled when she felt his dick twitch. It grew in size and hardness. She rode him hard this time and achieved another stellar climax. Mike filled her vag with cum. The pair snuggled as a fiery blissful feeling radiated throughout their bodies.
Mike kissed her lips and caressed her back. She felt another erection. She smiled and said, "My. My. My. That's quite the trick. I bet you were popular with the girls. So many never or rarely orgasm and here you are, offering me a third bite of the apple."
He thrust into her and stroked. "I find beautiful women inspiring. I swear my days of providing joy to the masses are over. I've been with no one but your daughter until you snuck into my tent and sleeping bag."
"I believe you." She looked into his eyes, saw a calm guilelessness, and kissed him. They started up again. Betty put her head back and rode him. He raised his head and sucked on her long brown nipples and played with her soft sagging tits.
They got off a third time. She slumped on top of him, slid off, and they fell asleep as the most glorious feeling in the world surged through their veins.
^^^
"Ehem," Butch cleared his throat as a transition to a new subject. "You said you'd like to have sex doggie style?"
"Yes." She was as eager to change the subject as he was. She got on her hands and knees and presented her ass to him. He knelt behind her, wet the tip of his dick with saliva, and asked, "Are you ready?"
"Uh-huh," she responded. She didn't sound one hundred percent confident. He thrust slowly and gently. His thick dick was lined up with her cavity, but he had trouble penetrating her.
"Oh! Fuck!" she hollered.
He stopped and asked, "Am I hurting you?"
"You're stretching the shit out of my pussy, but no it doesn't hurt. It's a new wonderful feeling, and a little scary. You're big and you're spreading my flesh more than it's ever been opened. That's the scary part.
"The wonderful part is I can feel my body opening to accommodate and accept your big penis. I've never had to do this for Mike. I'm discovering a capacity I never knew I had and nerve endings that have never fired are going crazy. Your big dick is ringing a lot of bells.
"Oh! Oh, yeah! Give me more! Give me all of it!"
Butch forced his thick penis into her vagina. She was very tight. Thank goodness she was flexible. He felt what she described. Her body had the capacity to handle him. It just took time for it to adjust.
She continued to moan and sigh as he carefully worked his cock into her snug pussy. He shoved it all in and said, "That's all of me. How do you feel?"
She laughed and said, "Light-head and amazed at how full I feel. Wow! My vagina is amazing. It can expand and elongate to handle your giant dick. Fuck me, please."
Butch pulled it out and slid it back in. He was careful and did it judiciously. She moaned, sighed, and giggled.
"Thank God, she's very wet," he said to himself. "She's taking it like a champ."
He increased the pace and she responded. She moved into him on every stroke. He reached around and played with her chest. He caressed her boobs and gently tweaked her nipples.
He noticed a change in her demeanor. She stopped giggling, put her head down, breathed loudly, and moaned on every thrust. He knew she was focusing on the sensations caused by his penis. He picked up the pace.
It wasn't long before she spasmed, cried out, and came on his cock. Her pussy gripped his dick and he took his release. He was surprised at how much cum he pumped into his daughter.
They sighed, collapsed in a heap, and were lost in their own world, focusing on and experiencing their orgasms.
^^^
After resting, everyone went to the lake to wash. They rested on the shore, sitting or lying beside their original partner. They didn't discuss what happened.
They had a pleasant lazy afternoon, swimming, talking, and drinking. They had dinner and split up. Then, they talked about what happened.
Betty said, "Butch, did everything go okay with Nell?"
"Err," he stammered, embarrassed. "Yes. It went fine. She touched and sucked my dick. We had sex doggie style. We both climaxed. She said sex with me was different. She was surprised that her body so easily accommodated me. She felt no pain.
"How was your time with Mike?"
"He's a nice young man. I shared that I had the same feelings and concerns Nell expressed when I was young. I acted on them inappropriately and ruined my first relationship.
"He said he'd seen other young inexperienced people let curiosity mess up their love lives. He's on board with what we did because he's hoping Nell can silence the voices in her head that could drive her to cheat on him by being with you. He loves her and hopes they can remain a couple."
"Good. That is the goal. Explain to me why you and he have to have sex?"
Betty frowned and said, "Don't be jealous. We talked about this. It's a bitter pill he has to swallow. The love of his life is being fucked by a man with a really big dick. That is de-masculating."
She looked him deep in the eyes and said, "And for me, it's a middle-aged woman's biggest fear. The love of my life is fucking a hot chick half my age. What if you decide I'm too old? That you want a younger, firmer woman?
"We need to be distracted, and this gives us someone to talk to who is experiencing the same anxiety and asking themselves the same uncomfortable question: what if my lover doesn't come back to me?
"By letting Mike and I have sex, we feel like we're part of the process rather than the neglected person who is being asked to let our partners cheat on us."
"Oh," Butch grunted.
"Yeah," Betty said. "It's not just for shits and giggles."
"Sorry. I don't want to lose you."
"Come here, you big lugged," Betty said. She kissed her husband, sucked his dick, and fucked him well.
^^^
"How'd it go?" Mike asked. Nell smiled, squealed, and said, "The sex was great!" She proceeded to give her partner more information than necessary.
Mike was disappointed but understood the reason for her enthusiasm. It was a new experience. He didn't complain or start a fight. They went to bed. They didn't have sex. He didn't sleep well that night.
^^^
The next day, they enjoyed the sights, sounds, and the sun at the lake. Late in the morning, the couples switched partners and went off to have sex.
Betty enjoyed making out with Mike. She again gave him an extended blow job. He repaid her with his active hands, a talented tongue, and his quick regenerating cock thrilled her three times.
^^^
Butch and Nell did not kiss. She focused on his cock. She still marveled over its length and thickness. She asked to ride it, her dad obliged, and they had great orgasms.
^^^
The four of them had lunch together and then split up for sex. Nell spent a fair amount of time sucking her father's big cock. She pulled off, jiggled her jaw, and said, "No offense, Dad, but giving you oral is a chore. My jaw is sore from being stretched so wide."
He chuckled and said, "I've heard that from every woman I've been with. Most give up. My dick is made for fucking. How about leaving the oral to me. I'll get you wet and then stretch you good?"
"Sounds great," Nell said. She flopped on her back and spread her legs. Her daddy crawled between her thighs and feasted on her tangy vagina.
She oohed and ahhed and soaked his chin. He said, "Ah! The nectar of the gods". He slurped up her slippery fluid. They laughed. Nell no longer was self-conscious.
Butch mounted her, and they fucked missionary style.
His thick dick stimulated parts of her that normally didn't get touched. Her hips responded to his thrust. Her breast tingled when he sucked on her pretty pink nipples.
"Oh! Fuck!" she cried out. To herself, she said, "God! His dick is doing a number on me." She found her father's face and kissed him passionately on the lips. Butch returned it with equal vigor.
^^^
Mike sang a tune, grabbed Betty, and danced with her. She laughed and said, "You're a good singer and dancer. This is fun."
"And you are beautiful." He danced with her more. Then, he embraced her, and they kissed. His erection pressed against her belly. His right hand rubbed her pussy. His left squeezed her butt cheeks and pressed against her anus.
"Oh!" she moaned and returned the kiss with passion.
They went to the ground, kissed more, and ended up sixty-nining with Betty on top. They both had excellent oral skills and thrilled the other. Mike continued to play with her ass. He wet his left index finger and slipped the tip into her anus.
She moaned.
Mike gave her bottom more attention. He kissed her asshole, and a wet digit slid all the way in while he was sucking on her clit.
"Mmmm," Betty moaned.
"Have you had anal sex?" he asked.
"Yes. It was ages ago. I wouldn't dare do it with Butch. His cock would destroy me. I'm guessing you have."
"Yes. It's one act where women appreciate a smaller dick." He held up a small packet and said, "I have virgin olive oil and would love to fuck your ass."
Betty laughed, considered it, and said, "Let's do it. I trust you."
Mike took charge and quickly showed Betty he knew what he was doing. They kissed. He ate her pussy and took breaks to stimulate and dilate her asshole. He did it gently and in stages.
When his lubed dick slipped into her ass, she was ready. He distracted her with kind words and a finger rubbing her clit.
"Ohhh! I remember this!" she cried out and laughed. "The nervousness. The concern that this is a stupid idea, that it will hurt like hell, and then, when the right man does it, the wonderful feelings. Good anal is sex supercharged."
They started slow. As she became more confident, the pace picked up. He monitored her and adjusted as needed. His right hand never left her pussy. He massaged her clit or thrust his fingers into her vagina.
At first, the pussy play was to distract her, to relax her, and later, it was because he knew that stimulating two of her holes would give her a brilliant orgasm.
It did. For both of them.
After an extended rest, Betty opened her eyes and said, "Thank you. That was marvelous." She saw his second erection, laughed, pointed at it, and said, "No mas! No mas!
He laughed with her as she quoted and mimicked Roberto Duran. He said, "I understand anal sex is great when done right, and once is enough."
"I have no right to ask," Betty said. "Have you had butt sex with my daughter?"
"No. I hope we do. She's curious but not curious enough. Why do you ask?"
"It's silly and none of my business. Maybe I'm jealous. You're handsome and a great lover. It's stupid that it makes this old lady feel special that you tapped my ass first."
Mike hugged her. Betty cried some tears and felt bad that she'd felt competitive with her daughter. Mike soothed her. That led to him caressing her. They kissed and caressed each other.
One thing led to another. She sucked his dick, and they fucked. Bitch that she was, Betty rode him reverse cowgirl. She said to herself, "Enjoy my pussy and get a good look at my ass. The ass that you were in and want to be inside again!"
Her words were prophetic. They used his third erection to have anal sex. Mike squeezed every last drop of oil out of the packet. They did it missionary style. Her legs were up and wide. They stared into each other's eyes as his dick penetrated her anus. Her hand was on her button.
Between his eyes, his dick in her bum, and her masturbation, she had a powerful orgasm. Mike gasped and moaned as he fired off into her ass. It wasn't her tight asshole that got him off. It was her eyes.
^^^
That evening, they gathered for dinner. Afterward, they had distracted so-so sex with their regular partner.
^^^
The next three days passed quickly. The mixed couples had a lot of great sex with their new partners. Nell demanded to fuck her dad in every position she could think of. Twice!
Mike and Betty did everything every day: oral, anal, and wonderful PIV sex. They grew close.
^^^After lunch on the fourth day^^^
After another spectacular bout of sex, Betty said to Mike, "I love you. I love what you do to me. I love the person you are. I love how you fuck me. I love everything about you!"
Mike smiled, kissed her, and said, "I love you too. I'm sad this has to end."
"Does it?" Betty asked.
^^^
In another sunny field, Butch grunted as he and his daughter came simultaneously.
"Oh! Fuck!" Nell said.
Butch sighed and said, "Yeah. What you said. Damn! You're a great fuck!"
They kissed, rested, and enjoyed their bliss. Nell laid her head on his chest and confessed, "I'm addicted to your cock. I love Mike. I love how he smells, how he showers me with compliments, and the joy and closeness I feel when we have sex and stare into each other's eyes..."
"But?" Butch asked.
"But I love what your big cock does to me!"
^^^
After dinner and a few drinks, Betty stood and said, "We came here for Nell to experiment and to learn. It was a good plan. However, I think we all learned a lesson."
She had everyone's attention. She paused, looked each of them in the eyes, and said, "We learned that we love each other, and we love having sex with each other. I, for one, don't want to stop. Am I wrong?
"I've talked with all of you, and I believe you all feel the same way. Butch, I love you. I can't imagine my life without you, but I want Mike in my bed regularly.
"You'd share Dad with me?" Nell timidly asked her mother. Betty nodded. She looked at her boyfriend and asked, "Mike, It's okay with me if you have sex with my mother. I hope you don't mind if I occasionally hop in the sack with Dad?"
Mike said. "I love you but I don't own you. If he makes you happy, then I'm happy. Nell, do you believe me when I say I also love your mother, and loving her and wanting to have sex with her doesn't diminish the love I have for you?"
Nell nodded.
All eyes swung to Butch. He was unreadable. "Say it!" Betty demanded. "Are you in or out of this crazy foursome?"
"In."
Betty, Nell, and Mike smiled and cheered. They gathered around Butch for a group hug. Butch kissed his wife, kissed his daughter, shook hands with Mike, and asked, "How do we do this?"
"We go with the flow, Old Man," Betty said. "In the words of Stephen Stills 'Love the one you're with'!
The End