This tale is the third story in the tetralogyMexican Bedtime Stories. "The Three Amigos"can be read on its own or as a sequel to(1) "The Mexican Stand-off"and(2) "Sugar Papito"and as a prequel to(4) "The Whole Enchilada".
*
The Morning After
Monday. The eighth day of our Mexican holiday. I woke with a headache. A few too many drinks. I was dreaming. A strange dream. I was on a stage, nude, surrounded by a jazz trio who were also nude. Trumpet, trombone, and drummer. Was that Dizzy Gillespie? And the trombonist—oh my God, what a cock! They were wailing away while I danced and gyrated in frenzied abandonment. Chris, my husband, was in the audience, watching me, shouting encouragement. Weird.
But now I was awake, and my head pounded as I listened to some sort of creature scurrying back and forth over the palapa roof of our cabana. Chris, oblivious to the rooftop commotion, lay on his side in a semi-foetal position, his mouth open like a dying carp. I rested on my stomach, trying to stretch the small of my back by splaying a knee off to the side.
My foot brushed against the cool plastic cylinder, causing me to start before I realised that it was the vibrator.
"Yes, we got rather vigorous last night," I reminded myself. The ache in my anus was further testimony to that.
Eventually, I rose, somewhat unsteady. The need for water hammered in my head, so I groped for a bottle, opened it and poured the liquid down my throat.
"Coffee. God, I need a cup—or three," I quietly moaned.
I rummaged for my kimono, threw it on and glanced at my watch.
"Shit! Six-in-the-fucking morning," I cried to myself.
I considered going back to bed in a quest for sleep, but I would've only tossed about and disturbed Chris's slumber. I looked at him. The white bed sheet had slid off, exposing him, and a moony grin twitched on his lips while his eyelids fluttered. He moaned something, and then I noticed his hand cupping his erection. I shook my head. Unbelievable.
I padded into the bathroom, the tiles cool on my feet. The face in the mirror staring back at me was ghastly. I found my cotton pads and cleanser and started wiping my face, removing make-up. And dried cum. God, what a mess. But my hair looked OK; it was still up and had that tousled, just-been-fucked appearance. Only it wasn't due to meticulous styling, but rather it was a telltale sign of last night's spree. The dull ache in my pussy, courtesy of the vibrator and Chris's cock simultaneously filling my cunt, was tolerable—dare I say, pleasant? But the pain in my ass was, well, a pain in the ass.
Coffee consumed my thoughts. I should've just jumped into the shower, but instead I continued removing the cum and make-up. Once I'd finished cleansing my face, I splashed it with cold water, fastened my kimono and went back to the bedroom to hunt for my sandals. I managed to locate one, but the second proved elusive. My search ended when my toe abruptly found a bed leg, causing me to hop in silent agony. Christ, what a start to the day!
I gave up searching for footwear and left the shack barefoot. Halfway down the path towards the restaurant, I realised that I wore only a flimsy kimono. "Fuck it," I thought, "'I need coffee." Thankfully, the staff had arrived and the delectable aroma of brewing beans soothed my nerves as I approached the restaurant.
"Buenos Diaz, Señora,"greeted the man behind the bar. His name tag read "Tito".
I replied as pleasantly as possible, but my dry, croaking voice didn't fool him.
"Buenos Diaz, Señor.Coffee,por favor."
"Si, Señora."He poured me a cup and then asked, "Too much tequila,Señora?"
Tito's question betrayed that I was a shambles. Resigned, I answered,"Si, mucho tequila."
He grinned as he wiped the counter and then advised, "Señora,to kill the tequila from last night, you must drink more tequila this morning."
Tito, chuckling at his own joke, then turned to Juan, his helper, to see whether his humour was being appreciated. His young co-worker, however, remained silent while eyeing me. His sullen stare made me uncomfortable, especially given that I was clad in only a scanty robe. Then I panicked.
"Shit! Is there dried cum in my hair?" I wondered with alarm.
My terror evaporated when I realised that Juan's eyes were fixed on my chest, on my nipples jutting against the thin fabric. It was comical in a perverse way: I was relieved that he was ogling my tits. Let him look, so long as strewn sperm wasn't the attraction. "God, just give me some coffee," I silently begged.
"I'll keep that in mind, Tito, but I think I'll stick with coffee this morning. Actually... could I?" I asked, pointing at a carafe.
"Anything forSeñora," he said with a wink while filling the jug with coffee.
"Muchos gracias, Señor,"I smiled. I then took my cup and carafe and retreated to the restaurant patio to be alone, conscious that they were examining my bum and legs as I walked away. They spoke in what I assumed was Mayan, and then a couple of brief earthy guffaws rang out. No doubt it was a joke at my expense—the scantily clad, hung overgringa. But then another small panic attack gripped me.
"Please don't let anything run out and down my thigh. Please?"
My pleas answered, I made it without springing a leak and, in a corner of the patio, sat on a wooden chair. But my anus was still tender, so I moved to a nearby cushioned seat. I then settled in and gulped down three cups in succession. The coffee worked its magic, clearing my head of cobwebs and letting me think.
I finished my fourth cup, got up and, lost in my thoughts, wandered down to the shoreline. It was empty. I plopped myself onto a beach chair and stared at the water.
"Why did I tell Chris that story?" I asked myself in puzzlement. "I promised myself that I wouldn't, yet at the first opportunity I caved in and sang like a canary—or did I actually cackle like a crow?" My self-esteem had hit rock bottom that morning.
"How did it get so out of control yesterday? Why did I share that slutty little secret? Why?" I questioned anxiously.
*
The Previous Day
The previous day had started well enough. It was another day in paradise, lying nude on the beach and exchanging stories with my husband. It was only several days ago that I'd finally succumbed to Chris's prying about my single days and described a racy one-night stand. Then, a few days later I'd told Chris about my time with Doug, an older married man whom I saw for about six months for casual sex. And Chris had received my revelations well. He loved my stories, and his reactions to them were adorable, resulting in frequent steamy sex.
To augment my lustfulness, I had, during the first few days of our vacation, worn beachwear consisting of a series of meagre thongs while going topless. But the last few days I'd finally raised my nerve and started wearing nothing on the beach. Coupled with the Brazilian wax I'd undergone just before our trip, the effect of being so totally exposed in front of numerous strangers had my libido aflame.
So, yesterday began more or less like the previous days of our holiday. That day, I decided to wear a thick waist chain that I normally reserved for bedroom romps. Chris certainly approved, and I adored how the metal links rested on my hips and especially the strand of chain that hung down my thigh, bringing coquettish attention to my waxed vulva.
While we lay nude on the sand late that morning, Chris asked me if I'd ever had sex on a beach with someone other him. I had, of course; but I decided to tease him by telling him about a special day he and I once shared.
"Eighteen years ago? While we were married?" quizzed Chris while trying to hide his worry.
"Yes. We were married. He was so nasty with me, wonderfully nasty. Did all sorts of things to me."
"Did he? Like what?"
"Well, fucked me silly, for one. But other things, too."
"Like?"
"He put fruit in my pussy and then fed it to me."
"What a pervert!" exclaimed Chris, knowing now that I was talking about him. Nonetheless, he kept playing along by asking, "What kind of fruit?"
"Yes, but he was a delightful pervert. Strawberries and sliced up pears. He also rubbed an iced bottle of wine against my pussy. Said he wanted to cool me down, but that actually made me hotter."
"That does seem deviant. What else did this freak do?"
"He ate my pussy throughout the day. Would fuck it, then eat it, then fuck it some more. Had me suck his cock too. Once, he came on my face and then he licked it clean."
"Now that's sick. How many times did this pervert fuck you that day?"
"God, I don't know; I lost count. But at the end of the day, after all that fucking, I showed him my pussy—opened it wide for him. He went wild and dragged me to the surf, fucked me one last time, really pounding me, 'til I saw stars. I asked him afterwards what set him off. He said it was the sight of his cum bubbling in my cunt."
Chris moaned and sighed, "Well, I could see how that turned him on."
"Oh, it did."
Chris lay on his stomach, obviously hard, and pressed for more.
"So he pumped your cunt full of cum that day, did he?"
"He did. In fact, I think he got me pregnant that day."
Chris grinned, "Hmm, the timing does seem right."
"It does."
Chris shuffled over to me, staying on his stomach, snuggled against me and, after a tender kiss, whispered, "God, I think of that day often, baby. And I'm so glad that you do too. I get so hard when I think about it."
I was about to tell him that my pussy gushed at the thought of it, when Brigitte's heavily French-accented voice sang out.
"Allo,look at the lovebirds!"
Chris froze while I giggled and stood to greet her, exchanging kisses on each cheeka la française. Our breasts brushed when we pecked, and my nipples perked from the brief contact. I dismissed my reaction as involuntary, no more meaningful than my nipples puckering due to cold.
Brigitte, the woman to whom a few days earlier I'd rather rudely shown my backside, had become our new tanning partner. She had approached us two days ago and, in her delightful French accent, simply asked if she could tan with us, explaining that she was travelling on her own and was reluctant to tan in the nude by herself. Chris, I sensed, was agreeable, but I wasn't so keen. I hadn't forgotten the first time I saw her and how she looked at Chris—and at me—so I wasn't sure I wanted to venture in that direction.
However, I gave in, and to my delight, Brigitte had a keen sense of tact and seemed to know when to hangout with us and when to make herself scarce. In short time, I'd actually become fond of her and looked forward to our walks and chats. And, truth be told, tanning nude with a relative stranger did possess a titillating aspect.
When she tanned with us, she would always lie next to me, placing me between herself and Chris. She was chatty with both of us, yet never flirted with either Chris or me; nonetheless, there was a wonderful sexual tension whenever she joined us on the beach.
She was short—no more than five feet three—blonde and curvy. She carried herself proudly, with an air bordering on arrogance, but it suited her. Her upright walk drew attention to her round, heavy breasts tipped with large, dark areolae. She was well tanned, and the sun seemed to have brought out numerous large dark freckles, giving her skin a sexy leopard-like appearance.
Brigitte dropped her beach bag and sat next to me. She wore a full red bikini bottom, nothing else. She then, with much hand waving and animation, told us about her snorkelling trip. I listened to her captivatingoo-la-lavoice with amusement but paid greater attention to her facial expressions than to her words. Chris expressed amazement at the size of the barracuda that she described, although his eyes seemed more amazed with Brigitte's tits.
After a while, a breeze came up. Chris told us he was going for a sail on the Hobie cat; were either or both of us interested? Chris tended to push the limits of the boat, and I wasn't in the mood for an ocean adventure. So I declined, as did Brigitte, but she added, "Catherine and I will go for a walk."
After Chris left, Brigitte and I chatted for a bit before she asked, "Shall we?"
"Yes," I said and grabbed my bottoms to begin sliding them on.
"No, Catherine. Let us walkau natureltoday."
And with that, she peeled off her bikini bottom. Right away, I noticed that she had, since yesterday, trimmed and shaved a good deal of her pubic hair, leaving only a small, thick triangle on her mound above her slit. Below that, it appeared she had removed all her hair.
"Oh my, you look very nice! This should be fun," I giggled.
My pussy was still smooth and bare from the wax treatment that I'd endured just prior to our trip, so she and I were going to make quite a pair. So off we went, with Brigitte wearing only a sun visor and me clad in a floppy hat and thick waist chain that hung loosely around my hips.
For someone who was concerned about tanning on her own, Brigitte certainly had a devil-may-care attitude regarding her nudity. As we strolled, she was totally at ease and conversed with me as if we were dressed for a day of shopping. At first I was conscious of walking along the shore, nude, and of the ogling men, but soon I forgot about our state of undress and became absorbed in chatting with Brigitte.
During our walk, I discovered that she was forty-four years old and recently divorced. Her ex, to whom she'd been married for ten years, had built a successful restaurant business but had developed a taste for the younger waitresses whom he employed. Brigitte tried to put up with it but in the end filed for divorce, receiving a generous settlement when all was said and done. This trip was her way of treating herself for putting up with her ex-husband's philandering for the last few years.
After about a forty-five minute stroll, we arrived back at our spot. Chris was still out sailing. Brigitte and I sat and chatted a little more. However, she shocked me by sitting cross-legged, facing me, giving me a clear view of her vulva. I was taken aback and tried keeping my eyes on hers, but I kept returning my gaze to her pussy. Because of the insouciant way in which she sat, I saw, for the first time, her intimate bits in detail. Unlike my pussy, her petals were thin and small, girlish, and usually hidden by her dark outer labia. My eyes, despite myself, continually darted to her bared cunt.
Finally, she acknowledged my scrutiny by saying, "It feels so nice and sexy. I liked how yours looked," pointing with her nose at my smooth crotch, "so I decided to try." With that, she briefly rubbed her pussy.
I don't know what overcame me, but I unfolded my legs from beneath me and sat facing her with my feet and thighs wide apart. So here I was on a public beach—albeit a nude one—displaying my cunt for the second time in the space of several days to this woman whom I hardly knew.
She seemed at ease with what I'd done and stared at my pussy while faintly smiling, finally whispering, "You are very beautiful."
"So are you," I replied weakly but truthfully.
Suddenly, she looked at her watch.
"Mon Dieu!My massage!"
She leaned forward, placed a hand on each of my widened knees and, after two quick pecks of my cheeks, whispered, "Au revoir.See you tomorrow."
With that, she slipped into her sundress, quickly adjusted her boobs, scrunched up her bikini bottoms, stuffed them into her beach bag and scampered off.
I watched her walk away, and after about thirty paces she turned and waved. I waved back, at which point she continued her hurried journey to the massage facilities.
Wow. I was in a tizzy. My head reeled while I tried to make sense of what had just happened.
However, I didn't have long to think as Chris had returned with drinks for both of us. I gulped at thepina colada,hoping the alcohol would steady my nerves.
When I regained my composure, I inquired about his sail, and he, in turn, about my walk. I recounted our conversation, but I didn't mention what had just transpired between Brigitte and me. I wouldn't have known what to say, "Oh, we had a nice walk, and then Brigitte and I examined each other's oyster"?
Chris was in an expansive mood and began, bit by bit, exciting me with tales about his times with Jennifer, a girl he dated when he was in his early twenties. I welcomed the distraction and soon listened with keen interest to his lustful adventures.
One time, he told me, while travelling by train, he and Jennifer ducked into the washroom for a quickie. Once inside, however, it turned into a prolonged session, with Jennifer seated spread-eagled on the edge of the sink while Chris stood and fucked her. Finally, when they'd finished and put themselves together, Jennifer cracked open the toilet door to see, to her horror, a line of people. At first, they thought that the queue was for the toilet, but then they realised that the train had stopped. They were in a station—their station! Quickly, they piled out of the washroom to a mixture of chuckles, cat calls and indignant scolding and scurried to retrieve their luggage. According to Chris, they barely made it off the train before it chugged out of the station.
He had a lot of stories about Jennifer.
"Did you love her?" I asked.
He paused and smiled.
"Yes, I did. I loved her very much."
I reached out to stroke his face. I understood him. That first intense love affair in which sex elevates itself to mystical heights is so very special.
"What about you, Catherine? Tell me about someone you loved," Chris asked. "Tell me about that guy in university whom you dated. What's-his-name? John?"
I smiled remembering an incident vaguely similar to the one Chris had just described.
"Yes, John. I saw John off and on for about five years. We got along well together, and the sex was superb, but both of us were curious—curious about sex with other people. We'd been steady for about the first three years, and everything was good, but I just felt that I was too young to be tying myself down. I think John would've been happy staying together, but he was a true friend, so we remained in touch. Although both of us were playing the field, every now and then we'd get together for sex.
"Interestingly, it seemed as if our sex got wilder once we parted. Once, I ran into him one afternoon in the student union building. We talked for a bit, and then he asked if I wanted to get high with him. I had no classes for the rest of the day, so I said, 'Sure,' and followed him into an empty conference room where we shared a joint.
"Well, one thing led to another, and we started kissing. The pot had made me horny. I went braless a lot in those days, and I didn't object when he started squeezing my tits. God, it felt good, especially when he undid the buttons of my blouse and started sucking my nipples. The next thing I knew, he lifted me onto the large conference table and stripped off my jeans. Soon, I was on my back on the table, wearing only an undone blouse, while John gave my pussy a very thorough tongue bath. And the excitement was intensified by the fact that there was no lock on the door—anyone could've walked in! I had an amazing orgasm, and then John mounted and entered me on the big conference table. I was so horny; I was soaking!
"We screwed for what seemed an eternity, rocking and banging on tabletop. John just kept slamming into me, harder and harder until he finally came, squirting what seemed like a quart inside me! After cuddling for a while, we sat up, and his cum spilled out of me onto the table. We looked at the puddle of sperm, then at each other and started laughing hysterically. Both of us were so high that we thought that this was the funniest thing that we'd ever seen. Finally, paranoia took over, so we hurriedly dressed and left. Crazy days."
"Fuck, that's hot, Catherine," Chris enthused.
My body agreed with Chris's sentiments. While telling the story, my nipples had puckered while my pussy churned and throbbed. It was about three o'clock; I'd already drunk severalpina coladasand was feeling good. I turned onto my back, opened my thighs and, with both knees bent, let the sun pound on my distended vulva while I absorbed the sumptuous sensations.
Chris moaned, "Fuck, I like when you do that, Catherine."
"Do what, Chris?" I teased, knowing full well to what he was referring.
Chris moved his mouth next to my ear and whispered, "I like when you open your legs and flaunt your juicy cunt."
"I'm glad you like, because I like doing it," I murmured.
Three men were walking along the shore towards us, so I shut my thighs.
"Chicken!" dared Chris, "Come on, you know you want to."
He was right: I did want to. So I eased apart my knees, trying to make it look unintentional. Once my thighs were spread, I lay there presenting my pussy to the three men while Chris gave me a play-by-play, telling me that they were looking. My cunt boiled with arousal but, unlike the other day, I resisted touching myself. After a minute or so, I shut my thighs and rolled onto my side facing Chris. The men eventually walked on.
"Phew," I panted, "I think we should go back to our room, Chris." I was itching with lust.
My husband offered no argument, so we hurriedly collected our belongings to retreat to our sanctuary. I didn't even bother wearing my thong but simply slipped into my kimono, leaving it untied, and placed my feet into my cork wedge sandals. It was wickedly naughty traversing that way back to our room.
When we'd returned to our cabana, Chris attacked me, throwing me onto the bed. I giggled at first but soon my laughter turned to moans of delight when he vigorously began to lick me, priming my pussy. He sucked on my clit bringing me oh-so-close but cruelly backed off before I came, driving me wild. I was so distressed that it took me a second to realise that Chris had gone to his suitcase. He searched briefly then stood and approached me, holding one of my vibrators from home. I had no idea that he'd even packed the long, thick, cock-like toy.
"You packed 'Mr Big'?" I laughed with surprise. "You were brave, bringing that thing through customs."
He smiled but said nothing in response. Chris knelt next to me and turned it on. The buzzing, moaning tone of the vibrator filled the room with anticipation, and soon he positioned the toy against one of my aching nipples. Meanwhile, with his cock he painted his precum fluid around and around my other nipple. It was pure bliss.
Eventually, the synthetic cock and my husband's penis parted ways, with the vibrator inching towards my wetness and Chris's hardness towards my mouth. I lay in surrender and expectation, sensing the cool flutters of the toy across my abdomen and the heat and stiffness of my husband's flesh and blood against my neck.
Chris's cock reached its goal first, and I eagerly opened my mouth. He was warm, hard and delicious; I wasted no time in sucking it deeply.
The vibrator, however, dawdled on the outside of my pussy, tormenting me to wantonness. I longed for it to invade and stretch me. My legs rose off the bed, and, with my knees apart and to my chest, I offered my sopping pussy to 'Mr Big'. Chris placed the tip just inside me, and my hips rose to meet it. God, I was silently screaming for it to sink into me. Mercifully, Chris's teasing was short lived. He pushed it a little deeper, and I moaned in decadent pleasure, the thickness of the toy stretching and filling my burning cunt.
Oh God, it was fabulous, and it spurred me to draw on my husband's shaft with increased fervour. As I simultaneously sucked and fucked, my fingers tugged my nipples, giving me triple sensations. But Chris soon took my hand and guided it to the vibrator.
"I want to watch you fuck yourself while you suck me," he gasped.
I took control of it and immediately began spearing myself with short, quick thrusts, progressively burrowing the large plastic cock with each stab, all while Chris knelt over me and fed me his savoury erection.
I was in Heaven! The full length of the vibrator was now encased within me, filling my greedy cunt and gently tapping my cervix as I humped my hips.
Chris moaned and began his sweet, dirty talk.
"I love how you push the vibrator deep while you suck me. You like that, don't you, getting fucked and sucking cock at the same time?"
I removed him from my mouth, rubbed his erection over my face and purred, "Yes, I like it."
"What do you like, Catherine? Spell it out."
I knew Chris loved hearing me talk dirty, but I placed him back in my mouth and sucked furiously. As I suckled him, I started thrusting the toy with long, speedy strokes, angling it up, down, sideways, all in an attempt to soothe the blaze in my cunt.
Chris's moans were music to my ears, so I removed his cock and growled, "Yeah, I love sucking a hot cock while another one fucks my soaking pussy."
Then I quickly resumed mouthing him, his slick dick gliding between my lips while I manipulated the thick toy with one hand and rubbed my clit with my other. I knew I would cum soon, and I wanted to climax with Chris in my mouth, preferably with our orgasms coinciding.
"Have you ever done it for real?" Chris asked.
My orgasm exploded suddenly, without warning, radiating from both my clit and deep in my pussy, causing me to moan and spasm while my mouth remained locked on Chris's cock.
"Fuck, Catherine, you look so nasty and slutty, cumming like that. You have, haven't you?"
After I'd calmed, I licked the underside of his shaft and enjoyed the little tremors reverberating in my pussy. I hadn't planned on telling him this story. It was my dirty, little secret, so I again preoccupied my mouth with his cock.
"Have you, baby? Have you fucked more than one guy at a time?"
The blasts of my orgasm were subsiding, but I wanted more. The vibrator, still embedded deep in my cunt, was now motionless while it buzzed inside me; a torrent of my orgasmic secretions seeped out and down my bum, tickling my anus. And Chris's cock was so hard and edible. I tried to ignore his question and concentrated on the delights of my husband's cock, 'Mr. Big', and a potential successive orgasm.
But my husband continued his inquiry. I raised his balls up to my mouth and kissed each one for several seconds while his saliva-soaked shaft rested against my nose and forehead. Another orgasm was brewing as I debated whether to tell him about that episode in my life.
I went back to sucking him, relishing the sweet pre-cum that leaked from his penis. But Chris persisted.
"Tell me, Catherine. Fuck, I think you're so hot. Tell me if you've ever had two men at once. Have you? What did you mean yesterday when you said that some guys were scared of their own cum, never mind someone else's?"
"Shit!" I exclaimed to myself.
Chris had obviously picked up my blunder from the previous day's story telling. Yet, strangely, knowing that Chris had deciphered my slip-of-the-tongue had me surging towards another climax. Crazy, lascivious thoughts gyrated in my head as I absorbed the penetration of both the vibrator and Chris's rigid penis. The sensations overwhelmed me, so before I knew it, I confessed by nodding in assent to his persistent quizzing, all while my mouth remained clamped on his cock as tremor after tremor rose throughout my body.
As soon as I had acknowledged Chris's inquiries, my husband made some guttural sounds through clenched teeth, pulled out of my mouth and erupted, decorating my face, hair and breasts with his white, hot ejecta. I tried re-grasping his spurting cock with my mouth but only succeeded to get his dying pumps on my chin and lips.
His fire fountain of cum coupled with both my admission and my finger rapidly twirling over my clit with 'Mr Big' still stuffed inside my pussy caused me to detonate once more. I could only manage to tilt my head back and cry with incomprehensible ecstasy as the shock waves rebounded and refracted within my body.
"Fuck, that was good!" Chris finally exhaled, collapsing beside me. "Shit, Catherine, that makes me so hot! You have to tell me about it!"
I said nothing. I was still catching my breath from cumming so strongly, but I was in turmoil over my confession. This was the one story that I couldn't possibly tell Chris. Yet I knew that I now had no choice but to narrate it all.
Chris gave me a long, wet kiss, then got up and went to the dresser to retrieve a bottle of tequila and two shot glasses. He came back with them, sat on the bed next to me and smiled. His penis was still enlarged, with the foreskin fully pulled back showing the thick head in all its beauty, shimmering in the light from the sheen of my saliva. I watched his dick progressively deflate. God, he had such a yummy cock.
"I picked this up at the palapa bar," he informed me, holding the bottle. "So," he said while pouring the tequila, "I'm all ears."
I took his offered shot glass and poured it down my throat. The alcohol burned like a river of lava, running into my belly, fortifying me. Chris refilled my glass, and I again threw it back and found that my nerve intensified.
I looked at him.
"You really want to hear this? I'm not so sure this is a good idea, Chris."
"Oh baby, I need to hear it all—all the juicy details!"
"Oh, it got juicy all right," I murmured.
"Good!" exclaimed Chris, beaming from ear to ear. He was like an eight-year old kid about to watch three episodes ofSpiderman.
"Want some popcorn?" I asked somewhat sarcastically as I held out my glass for a top up.
"Huh?" said Chris in obvious confusion.
"Never mind," I sighed, and downed my refilled glass.
The booze really did embolden me, so I decided to tell it all, damn the consequences. "Anyway, why should I feel any shame about it?" I reasoned with myself. "Chris bloody well coerced it out of me, so he'll bloody well have to deal with it. God, the tequila is making me feel good!"
"Well," I began, "I'd been in Sydney for about three years, doing my degree. I was burning out and needed a break, so I took a month off and came back for a visit. That also gave me chance to escape Australian winter. I'm sure I've told you about their lack of central heating. If it was five degrees outside, it was five degrees inside. Brutal.
"So I returned to Canada in summer, August, to visit family and friends and, mostly, to recharge my batteries before writing the bulk of my thesis. The whole Ph.D. thing had me stressed; I just wanted to get away from it for a while. Would you please pass me the box of tissue?"
Chris, momentarily caught off guard by my request, reached back to snag the box off the night table.
I thanked him and began wiping congealing sperm from my face and boobs. Fortunately, none had sprayed into my eyes.
"How old were you?" Chris asked while watching me.
"Twenty-five."
"Nice. A delicious twenty-five, I'm sure," he cooed.
"Thank you. Anyway," I continued while cleaning the disseminated cum, "John discovered that I was back in Canada, so he invited me up to his parents' cottage for a weekend. It was a charming place located on a small island in Georgian Bay. The boat ride was about thirty minutes to a rustic and very private cottage.
"John's folks were on holiday in Europe, so only John and I would be there. To be honest, I was hoping to play 'Desert Island' with him all weekend, even though we'd completely stopped seeing each other about a year before I went off to Aus. Sex with him had always been fun, and, frankly, I needed it. As I said the other day, when I told you about Doug, I worked hard in Australia and was vigilant about maintaining a professional demeanour. Sex was low on my list while I studied overseas, so I was looking forward to letting my hair down with John."
Chris smiled with equanimity as he poured another round of tequila.
"John and I drove up on Friday afternoon, grabbing a water taxi to complete the journey. A strange tension surfaced between us, but I wrote it off to sexual anticipation. We eventually unwound enough to make love, which was wonderful; John always knew which buttons to press. But the uncomfortable feeling never went away. We mentioned it once but, although it lingered, never brought it up again. In hindsight, perhaps the events of the next day were our way of severing our ties for good? God, I'm trying to rationalise what happened, but I don't think that's possible."
"Sweetheart," Chris encouraged, "you don't have to rationalise anything. I just love hearing about the things you did. I really do. I love who you are, and I love all the things you did to become who you are." He then leaned over to kiss me, and our lips lingered.
The tequila had made me light-headed, provoking my daring and confidence to grow. "So what if I had fucked more than one man at a time?" I reassured myself. "Chris dragged this out of me, so he can deal with it now. I'm going to tell him everything. In fine detail!"
Chris refilled my shot glass, and I pounded it back. Any misgivings I might have had about telling the story were now washed away by the tequila. I sat up on the bed, leaned my back against the headboard and placed my knees wide apart, giving Chris a lewd view of my pussy, which was tingling again. Just thinking about the events I was about to tell always aroused me.
My husband's eyes fastened onto my vulva, and I watched him nudge the vibrator along the bed until it settled against my bum. I was both tipsy and aroused, so I took the toy and placed the tip against my opening, wantonly parting my pussy lips.
"Well, the next day, in the late morning" I continued, "I was tanning in my bikini on the sundeck, lying on my front with my top undone. All of a sudden, I heard voices followed by footsteps on the deck stairs. I scrambled to cover myself and managed to screen my breasts with my undone bikini top just in time.
"It was Matt, who was a friend of John's, and another guy I'd never seen before, Brian. Matt, whose parents owned a cottage on a nearby island, had noticed activity at the cottage and dropped in to see if John had come up.
"They'd taken me by surprise, so I didn't have time to do myself up. I stood holding the bikini top against my breasts with one arm while giving Matt an awkward hug with the other. Then, in my half-dressed state, Matt introduced me to his friend—"
"Wait a minute," Chris interrupted, "John plus Matt plus Brian makes three. Three guys? Does this story involve all three guys?"
I looked at Chris and slowly nodded my head.
"Yes," I whispered.
"Holy Fuck!" Chris exclaimed. "Catherine, I thought you said 'no battalions'?"
I sighed and weakly shrugged my shoulders.
"I was a naughty girl that weekend, but I wouldn't call it a battalion."
"True; it was more along the lines of a raiding party," Chris said sarcastically.
At least my husband still had his sense of humour, so I cheekily added, "Yes, good analogy, seeing I was thoroughly plundered."
Chris stared at me for a moment before bursting with laughter. He kept laughing and laughing until tears formed in his eyes from laughing so hard. His infectious guffawing incited me to start laughing along with him. It grew wilder and wilder until Chris finally managed to crack, "A division of dicks!"
It was hilarious at the time. I laughed so hard that my stomach ached, but I succeeded to volley, "A column of cocks!"
Impossibly, the laughter grew even more uncontrolled. It just kept getting sillier and sillier as we continued howling and holding our bellies, with tears streaming down both our faces.
Chris, struggling with his convulsions, finally fired, "A phalanx of phalluses!"
That littlebon motelevated the laughing and shrieking to a fever pitch, and it remained at that level for the longest time. The two of us rolled back and forth on our backs, screeching like lunatics, and kicked our legs in wild, crazy mirth until we slowly settled down.
And then, just as suddenly, we became quiet, so very quiet.
Chris finally broke the silence.
"Catherine, is this true, or are you just playing games with my head?"
"Chris, I wasn't going to tell you this story, but now that it's out, I will. Yes, the story I'm telling you is true."
"And did I hear right: It lasted all weekend?" Chris questioned.
Good grief, when it came to sex, he didn't miss a thing!
"Yes, it lasted all weekend," I confessed.
"Oh my," Chris chuckled, "Curiouser and curiouser. OK, baby; continue: You were barely covering your tits in front of these two guys and..."
"Ah, yes," I resumed, "Matt kindly offered to do up my top. Just as he refastened my clasp, John came out with some cold beer and wine, did an exaggerated double take and joked, 'Hi Matt. That was fast; you're taking her top off already?'
"I chided John with a sarcastic, 'Ha, ha,' and an angry glare. But my rancour was short lived. It was too nice a day to get upset over a silly comment, so we all sat on the deck and enjoyed the brilliant day, chatting and catching up with each others lives.
"As we conversed, Brian started rolling a joint, and that coupled with the wine and beer made us pretty lubricated. They began peppering me with questions about Australia, eventually asking me if it were true that the beaches are topless. As soon as I said, 'Yes,' John wanted to know if I went topless on the beach. When I admitted that I had, he said, 'Well, don't let us stop you; pretend you're in Australia.'
"Something ticked me off about his attitude towards me, so I simply said, 'Fine,' undid my top and tossed it to the side."
"Wow! How did the guys react?" Chris asked.
"They were caught off guard. John finally recovered and said, 'Well, let's hear it for Australia.' Matt and Brian laughed and another joint was passed around."
"And you enjoyed having your tits on display for three guys, didn't you?" Chris questioned with a leer.
"Initially, I did it out of spite. But soon the pot mellowed me, and I enjoyed the freedom. And, yes, I was turned on by it, but I didn't think I'd be having sex with all three of them," I said, my voice trailing off.
"Honey, this is such a hot story. Don't stop. I think it's great, and I think you're wonderful!" my husband said as he kissed me.
Chris, I knew, was talking and thinking with his penis, not his brain, and I wondered how would he feel after the story, once he'd shot his load. Yet if I halted now, I'd be forever pestered. There was no stopping. I had to tell it all. And to be honest, I was getting increasingly horny recounting this very sordid event in my life.
"Anyway, we all had a good buzz going and chattered, laughed and what not. But at one lull in the conversation, John complained that it wasn't fair that I could go topless; the guys should be able to go nude. I replied that they wouldn't hear any complaints from me; indeed, I might join them.
"John yanked off his trunks. Matt looked at me questioningly, and I waved my hand with a nonchalant 'whatever'. Off came his shorts, as did Brian's."
Chris immediately wanted to know about cock sizes.
"Oh, I whipped out my laser-calibrated cock-measuring device—I never travel without it—and John was 6.354 inches, Matt was—"
"Ha, ha; very funny," Chris deadpanned. "Just a general idea, that's all, Catherine."
"Alright: Matt's cock was similar to John's but was cut. I would call them both average in terms of size—like you," I added a little mean-spiritedly. "However, Brian, I noticed, was very well hung."
Chris oozed with enthusiasm and prodded me for details. I picked up 'Mr Big' from between my legs, held him up and said, "Brian's was similar to this, only his had a delectable upward curve, although I didn't know that quite yet."
"Oh wow," Chris murmured dreamily, "did you think about sex with all of them at that time?"
"Honestly, I was scared of thinking about something so slutty; but, yes, it had crossed my mind as fantasy. And I dismissed those thoughts as crazy fantasy, never imagining that it would actually happen. You have to understand: I felt safe with the guys, Chris. They were decent, so I knew I wasn't going to get jumped or anything like that. And that made me comfortable. But to be clear, at that point only some nude sunbathing had taken place, and that's where I thought it would end."
Chris leaned in to kiss me. While we kissed, his hand found my pussy—the squishy sounds and ease with which his fingers penetrated told me I was drenched and slick!
"My beautiful, luscious slut—tell me what happened next," he whispered.
Despite being incredibly aroused, I needed more fortification, so I held out my shot glass and watched Chris fill it with amber fluid from the now half-empty bottle. I downed the tequila and continued my story.
"We sat around and chatted like that, me topless and the guys in the raw. And I admit that I peeked now and then—as nonchalantly as I could, of course—at their cocks. They'd take turns getting semi-erect then flip onto their stomachs to hide. It was all wonderfully erotic, filled with sexual tension, and I remember getting quite worked up.
"After a while, I really wanted to take my bottoms off and tan in the nude along with them. It was a sweltering, humid August day, and, truth be told, I thought it would be fun to tan nude with three good-looking guys.
"I finally decided to do it—I was quivering with excitement—so without saying anything, I stood, slipped off my bikini bottoms as if it were the most natural thing in the world to do and quickly lay face down on my deck chair, tanning my back and bum."
Chris squeezed my nipples causing waves to radiate throughout my body. Then he pushed 'Mr Big' against my pussy. I let my knees flop apart, and it easily entered me—God, I was wide open! I watched the latex cock disappear within my pussy, entering me halfway without effort. I was incredibly wet! My insides warmed the plastic quickly, and before long my hips humped ever so slightly. I wanted to cum again, but Chris begged me to resume my story.
"Even though we kept conversing, I knew that they'd noticed. As I said, at first I lay on my front and chatted with them. But after a while, I flipped onto my back, lying so that the sun shone on my front. I would catch them sneaking looks at me, at my pussy, but I pretended not to notice. Honestly, it wasn't any different than a public nude beach, where everyone pretends that they're not looking and that no one is looking at them."
"Were you shaved?" Chris asked.
"No, not completely. But I'd aggressively trimmed myself before going up to the cottage. I wanted to present John with a nice, tidy package, so a thin stripe of short hair ran down each side of my cunt, framing it nicely, culminating in a well-cropped, tiny triangle on my mound. It was a daring bikini trim, so my pussy certainly wasn't hidden by my pubes; although when I did it I thought that only John would be seeing it," I giggled.
Chris groaned and snuggled against me. His cock, enlarged and hard, pressed against my upper thigh.
"It seemed as if the entire energy of the sun were centred on my vulva," I recounted, "and the constant but sly examination I was getting from the guys... Well, it all combined to make me very horny. I tried suppressing it, but to no avail. I was aroused—my nipples were rock hard and tingling, and the itchiness in my cunt told me that I was getting wet and swollen—and it was impossible to subdue.
"Yet we just kept talking and drinking. Not to excess, but enough to keep me uninhibited. And the occasional joint that came around certainly helped. So I got at ease with my nudity and gradually cracked open my legs a little as I lay, giving the guys better views of my pussy."
"Who had the best view?" asked Chris.
"Brian," I answered.
"Yummy," Chris enthused, "the guy with the horse cock."
I laughed and paraphrased, "Yeah, the guy with thegorgeoushorse cock."
My head lolled back against the headboard, and I pushed the vibrator deeper into my pussy.
"Fuck, that feels good!" I moaned.
"Mmm, it looks good too, baby," Chris cooed.
"I wanted to show off," I confessed through closed eyes while still manipulating the toy, "so I would apply lotion now and then, rubbing it all over me, spending time on my breasts and pussy. Sometimes I'd turn so Matt would have a view as I touched my cunt, sometimes Brian. I dunno, it just felt so naughty massaging myself in front of them under the pretext of sun protection."
I had drunk too much tequila. Deep down, all I wanted to do was either fuck or sleep, but Chris persisted, so I proceeded with my narration.
"It went on like this until we all decided to go for a swim, 'cause it was a scorching day and seemed like a fun thing to do. We got up and walked to the water. I loved watching the men as they walked," I said dreamily. "Their cocks and balls swung and swayed with each step. Especially Brian's. I was fascinated; he had the biggest one I'd ever seen. It was kind of amazing, really.
"Anyway, we walked down to the water, got in and swam around. The coolness of the water against my overheated pussy is something I still remember. We started splashing each other, frolicking in the water. Then the three of them ganged up on me, splashing and closing in on me. Suddenly, the splashing stopped, and I was surrounded. I still remember the silence as we looked at each other in the afternoon sun. I felt two hands slide under my arms from behind, gripping my tits. It was John, and he whispered loud enough for the others to hear, 'Just say, "No," if you don't want to.'
"I wanted to, plain and simple. I leaned my head back in response to John's nibbling of my neck. Then a pair of hands gripped my ass and my thigh, followed by the warmth of a body. From the other side, more hands, one squeezing my buttocks and the other rubbing my belly.
"Their hands suspended me in waist-deep water. John's hands stayed on my tits, his fingers clamping my nipples. My hands searched and found two erections. Matt and Brian held my thighs apart, under their arms and against their bodies. Two of their hands, under the cover of water, migrated to my cunt, rubbing and probing me. God, I was so close to cumming!
"But the water was cold—cold to distraction—so I said, 'Let's go back inside.' I was so charged up, Chris! I walked back to the cottage, stopping every few steps to kiss and fondle each of the guys. A cock seemed to occupy each hand the entire trek back; likewise, my tits and ass were groped non-stop. Although I was nervous—God, was I nervous!—my pussy throbbed with anticipation. Only John spoke as we returned to the cottage; he'd feel my cunt and announce things like, 'You're soaking wet, Catherine.'
"Once inside, we tottered into the bedroom where John and I had spent the first night. I lay on the bed, on my back, surrounded by the guys. John buried his face in my pussy and Matt gave me his cock to suck; Brian rubbed my breasts with his dick. I was wild, opening myself wide in response to John's mouth, straining upwards to suck on Matt's hot shaft, and helping Brian rub my tits with his cock. A hand would constantly tug and tweak my nipples. My ass was also clutched. God! Six hands! I came within seconds, Chris!
"I kept sucking Matt throughout my orgasm. That was so hot, having a cock in my mouth while cumming, that it got me going again. My knees were to my chest, giving John full access to my hot hole. Now that I'd cum, I badly wanted my insides scratched. John knew this and began finger-fucking me. I don't know how many fingers he used, but my cunt clenched and throbbed and made wet, squishy sounds. Brian moved up to my mouth; I now sucked on both him and Matt, back and forth, a minute or so at a time. I came again, maybe twice."
Chris, glassy eyed with lust while listening to my story, groaned encouragement for me to continue while feeling my tits. I, in turn, grasped his rock-hard erection as if it were a lifeline.
"John then grabbed my ankles, slid his cock into me and started fucking me, fucking me hard," I resumed. "I was delirious, Chris—I had his cock in my pussy and two for my mouth. John was still the only one to say anything. He got bolder and started urging me, saying things like, 'Yeah, that's it, suck their cocks, baby; make them cum.'
"That got me so hot! I opened even more for John's ramming and took the other cocks deeper into my throat. I'd support myself on an elbow, sucking either Matt's or Brian's dick and massaging their balls with my free hand. I could consume a fair bit of Matt, but not Brian. Maybe half of his cock, that's all.
"John then climaxed, pumping his cum into my pussy, pulled out and said, 'Come on, Matt, you fuck her now. I want her to suck me for a while.' Oh God, Chris, I almost came on the spot when I heard that! It made me feel so wanton!
"I continued sucking Brian, leaving my legs extended while Matt and John exchanged places. Matt positioned himself and, looking at me, started screwing me. I'd always been attracted to Matt and had occasionally imagined having sex with him, but never did my fantasies remotely approach circumstances like this. It was all so slutty! Our eyes locked for a few moments, mine and Matt's, as we fucked. But then John grabbed my hair, turned my head and shoved his dick in my mouth. So I went back to sucking Brian and John, meanwhile letting Matt have his way with my pussy. Fuck, I was so into it! While I sucked, I awkwardly humped back, craving for Matt to cum inside me. Matt responded to that because he soon tensed and erupted, adding his seed to my cunt.
"Now it was Brian's turn. Matt and Brian switched positions. Brian eased his cock into me. Fuck, Chris, I was so open and wet that he entered me easily. God, I wanted his cock so bad! It was long, thick and had that delightful upward curve! I started concentrating more on the screwing I was getting from Brian, bucking back at his thrusts. I was being split and I loved it.
"John must have got off on watching me because he got very hard and came. His first gush spurted into my mouth, but he then sprayed my face and tits. I rubbed his cum into my skin; the smell of sex permeated the room. It was nasty, but I was glad too; I wanted to focus on Brian and his giant cock.
"Brian began withdrawing, vacating me, leaving his head on my opening, and then gliding back in to the hilt. God, I was going crazy and started ranting."
"What did you say?"
"Oh God, hot, dirty stuff, like telling him to fuck me with his big cock, to give it to me, to stop teasing my cunt. That got Brian going and he began fucking me fervently. I was out of my mind! I ignored John and Matt and concentrated on Brian. The curve in his cock was scratching me oh-so-perfectly, making me cum so, so hard! And I wanted him to ejaculate in my guts, so I pressed him close to me, clamping my legs around him. Brian fucked me harder and harder before cumming abruptly, and I could actually feel him spurt inside me."
"Oh, you nasty slut!" Chris gushed. "Three guys fucking you bareback—you loved it, didn't you?"
"Yes, I loved it, Chris. I admit that I loved it. Three hard, hot cocks, all for me. I'd never been so wet and horny. I'd just fucked three men in rapid succession, all of them filling my womb with semen. I mean, good God, any ambiguity had vanished: I was now an unqualified and confirmed slut, and I maintained that role for the entire weekend. And I didn't mind. I actually loved it. And, Chris, that's a big barrier to cross for a female: The societal censure associated with enjoying a gang-bang and to accept oneself as a slut, even if temporary. Does that make any sense?"
"Yeah, baby, I understand. Did they do you doggy-style?"
From his reply, Chris, obviously, had no interest my good-girl/bad-girl moral dilemmas. He wanted to hear about sex, about how I allowed—and embraced—having three guys pump me full of their cum over an August weekend more than twenty years ago. He just wanted to hear about the bad girl. So I gave him an earful.
"Yeah, Chris, they did me doggy style lots of times. And they took turns fucking me good and hard from behind, usually while I sucked one or two of them," I added for good measure.
Chris rubbed against me, listening and absorbing my words.
"But they didn't eat your cunt, did they?" he asked.
"It was weird. Only John ate me, but right at the beginning, before I was 'soiled'. After that—no. Nice guys, but they were cum-cringing cads. Yet when I found myself alone with one of them, which happened at least once with each of the guys, then yes, they'd make a point of sucking my pussy. But in a group? Forget it. It was like they were too macho to eat me in front of their friends. I don't understand men. They expect me to bathe in and eat their cum, but Heaven forbid it so much as touches them, especially with their pals watching."
"And did two of them fuck your cunt at once?"
I looked at Chris in surprise. Where did that come from? I almost asked, "What do you think I am?" but realised how stupid that would've sounded given the context.
"No," I answered, "only one at a time in my pussy." This was getting strange.
Chris was beyond words. He had slid down, lying on his side at a right angle to me, so that his cock lay next to my pussy, queuing for my cunt once 'Mr Big' vacated me. But Chris didn't stop there. After he had replaced the vibrator with his cock, I felt the toy probing at the bottom of my pussy, beneath Chris's cock. I sensed the plastic shaft pushing, pushing to find space, and, when it did, then stretching my soaking cunt to an absolute extreme as it slid inside me. God, it was tight—oh, so wonderfully tight—but I didn't experience discomfort, only intense pleasure and a sensation of fullness and pressure in my pussy like never before.
And then it happened: The vibrator was turned on, on low, but that was all I needed. It was an earthquake disturbing the magma chamber that my boiling cunt had become. The pressure was now unleashed, becoming an unstoppable force. I shuddered, shook, and exploded with volcanic violence. I heard my own wanton screams over and above those of Chris, who had also erupted and deposited his molten fluid into my cavern, and the force of my eruption momentarily frightened me.
Chris and I lay prostrate, spent and drained. Or so I thought. He was to prove insatiable. And the explosion we'd just experienced was but a firecracker to what was to come.
Chris's cock and 'Mr Big' simultaneously plopped out of my pussy, causing an unladylike sustained pressure release. Chris looked at me and matter-of-factly stated, "I think that's the longest cunt fart I've ever heard."
I laughed with embarrassment, but still managed to hold out my glass for a top up. Chris retrieved the tequila and filled our shot glasses. I tipped my glass and let the hot fluid burn down my throat. It pooled in my belly and radiated its warmth through my body. I was now officially drunk.
I must have dozed off, because the next thing I remember, Chris was rubbing and pressing against my back. I stretched against his frame and heard him whisper.
Softly, Chris queried, "Did they do all three holes at once?"
All my secrets were to be surrendered. I wanted more tequila before answering, so I poured myself a shot from the near-empty bottle and gulped it. From the corner of my eye, I caught sight of the clock: It was two in the morning.
Finally, I turned my head to look at Chris and whispered, "Yes."
"How many times?"
"Just once," I murmured. "It was Sunday, the day after we all started having sex. John and Matt had gone in the boat to go buy food for the evening. Brian and I stayed behind, and before long we wound up in a bedroom to screw. I loved his cock and was happy to enjoy time alone with him, even though my pussy was tender by that time.
"I was straddling him, riding his shaft when John and Matt returned. God, we were so into it that we kept fucking while they watched us. I went on like that, just grinding on Brian's beautiful cock and rubbing my clit until I violently climaxed. I collapsed, bending forward at the waist with my head on Brian's chest while his thick hardness stirred inside me. I rested like that with my eyes closed, recovering and relishing his girth. My ass was vulnerable in my position, and shortly I felt a finger caressing my anus. I knew it wasn't Brian; his hands were around my waist, gently rocking me back and forth on his big cock.
"Something cold squirted against my anus—it was lubricant. Then a finger rubbed me, massaging my ass. More was squirted on and rubbed in, and then the finger entered. Just a tiny bit at first. It felt fantastic! I responded by lying flat against Brian's chest and arching my back so that my ass was elevated and accessible. I moved my hips in little circles, enjoying both the cock inside me and the finger probing my ass. It was all so slutty and nasty.
"The finger inched deeper, igniting wonderful sensations. Then I heard John instructing Brian to slide down until his legs hung off the bed. There was a lot of laughing and giggling as we slid down the bed in tandem. Finally we got into a position in which I was still straddling Brian, but now I was at the end of the bed. I felt a pair of hands on my hips followed by a warm hardness against my anus. It was John. He advanced slowly, yet progressed sufficiently to overcome my initial resistance. I was holding my breath from anticipation, forgetting to breathe and taking sudden big gulps of air.
"Eventually he pressed forward enough to get past my sphincter. It was uncomfortable and hurt at first, but John eased off until I grew accustomed to it. Then I'd give him an 'OK', and he'd push in a little more. We inched along that way until he eventually tunnelled deep inside me, all while Brian remained in my cunt. God, Chris! I felt so full! So incredibly full!
"We remained very still at first. Just having the two cocks twitching inside me was more than enough to start with. But soon I wanted more. I was crazy with lust! I humped back and forth, just tiny amounts at first. But my movements kept increasing bit by bit. God, it was unlike anything I'd ever experienced. I was jam-packed with cock. And I really wanted it. I begged John to fuck my ass, and he immediately commenced pounding me. God, then Matt moved to the front and arranged himself—with much complaining from Brian, I should add—so I could suck him."
Chris was rock hard again! He was moaning from heat, asking me what it was like, what was going through my mind as the guys fucked my ass, pussy and mouth.
What was going through my mind? How could I convey to Chris the crazy thoughts that thrashed in my head that weekend when their hardened flesh concurrently penetrated and pumped me?
I was incapable of describing that what had happened was a fusion of our four bodies—that the guys were a wild jazz trio, simultaneously soloing away within me, that their three cocks performed a thrusting, plunging, polytonal cacophony, scribbling their wild disharmony in keys unknown to human ears, with my body as their sheet music. How could I relate that each delectable cock pounded out mad unpredictable riffs and phrases, following separate time signatures and tempos, performing with different timbre and tone, each a counterpoint to the other—all while orgasm after orgasm reverberated within my very core?
How could I tell my husband—or anyone, for that matter—that my body was an instrument for their improvised wailing, drumming, and crashing? And I absorbed it all: The persistent pizzicato of their fingers plucking my nipples, tugging my hair, grasping my tits and ass; the urgent staccato triplets of Matt's cock in my mouth, brassy and bold, like a crazy trumpet, getting closer and closer to blowing his high 'C'; the syncopated hammering of my cervix by Brian's monstrous shaft, like a wild trombone sliding long, loud blasts within my cunt, stretching it like a virtuoso so that my pussy's entire register was discovered; and the blaring, intrusive pounding of John's hardness resounding in my ass like a bass drum, vibrating through my entire body, filling me with its presence, never letting me take my mind off it.
How could I tell Chris that it was all sweet, sweet music, causing my body to resonate with ecstasy? How do I explain that my body willingly conducted my trio of cocks, that it coaxed their frenzied performance to rise in volume and pace—to fortissimo—and orchestrated their individual crescendos in rapid succession so that their hot cum and dying thrusts became an overture to my finale, an orgasm that caused me to vibrate like a cosmic tuning fork?
No, I couldn't tell my husband these things even if I'd wanted.
Weakly, I told him that it was hot and slutty and that my orgasm was mind-blowing. That seemed to suffice. Chris then rose and went to the bathroom.
When my husband returned, he approached the bed holding the bottle of Astroglide.
"I'm going to fuck your slutty ass, and 'Mr Big' is going to fuck your nasty cunt," Chris rasped with urgency.
Oh God, I almost climaxed right then and there. I lay back on the bed, my thighs bawdily open, inviting him to fulfil his promise. Chris lifted my backside and slid a pillow underneath, elevating both my entrances. He then took the vibrator and unceremoniously propelled it into my recently stretched pussy, intruding me to the max.
"Do you like that? Do you like having a big cock in your pussy? Come on, answer me."
"Fuck, yes," I growled back at him, "I love it when a big cock fucks my cunt!"
I watched him sloppily squirt the lubricant on my ass, lots and lots of it, getting plenty of it onto my pussy as well. His finger then rubbed the outside of my anus and progressively entered it. It was decadently indecent. The slick liquid had channelled into my ass making it oh-so-slippery. With his free hand he dribbled copious amounts of Astroglide over his cock and started stroking it, coating it in greasy liquid. It looked dazzling, shimmering in the soft light of the table lamp, its presence and strength now magnified by its sheen and lustre.
I was mad with craving! One of my hands wildly polished my clit while my other quickly jiggled 'Mr Big', all while Chris's finger was buried in my anus.
"That's it, you horny slut, rub your clit," encouraged Chris. "Yes, fuck your hot, wet holes!"
I obeyed as best I could. My legs were slung way back, all in an attempt to widen myself to the utmost as I twirled my clit and jabbed my cunt. After watching for a moment, Chris arranged himself on his knees so that his shiny shaft pointed at my anus. He held my hips as we pushed against each other, and eventually his cock penetrated my ass, slowly stuffing me like I'd been stuffed that crazy weekend. And once I'd equilibrated to the pressure and intense fullness, we fucked.
Oh, did we fuck! Initially, we started with a steady rhythm. My knees were by my ears, giving my husband unrestricted access to my holes. I was babbling in tongues, insane with lust, as Chris slid within my ass with metronome-like constancy while 'Mr. Big' remained wedged in my pussy.
At one point Chris pushed into my ass as deep as he could and grunted, "I'm screwing your ass, and I can feel the cock in your cunt. Only a slut would let her cunt and ass get fucked at the same time."
I was delirious, writhing in ecstasy from both the fullness that packed me and the obsceneness of his words.
"Yes! Yes!" I gushed, and, barely able to respond, panted, "Slut! Yes! Only a slut!"
Chris went on banging me, tripping a series of luscious mini-quakes within my core. My eyes were closed as I absorbed the persistent plunging in my ass, and I moaned in mad delight and fulfilment at the twin intrusions that moved within me. Suddenly, Chris's thumb entered my mouth, and I immediately and lewdly sucked it.
"Don't you wish that was a real cock? Would you like that? A cock to suck while your ass and pussy get slammed?" he heaved.
"Fuck, yes," I gasped, "oh, yes!" and resumed sucking his digit with renewed intensity.
Suddenly, the vibrator was turned on. It was like a mad scientist's switch, unleashing a frenzy of screams, moans, and spasmodic motion. Chris launched into me, violently fucking me, thumping into my ass with unceasing tenacity. I was out of my mind. It was as if every nerve ending in my anal canal were reacting and firing its synapses in unbroken, crazy patterns, spurring the tension within me to steadfastly rise. Like a volcano, I was capped and well plugged, sealing and magnifying my internal pressures, so that when my release finally came, it was cataclysmic! Furious, beautiful tremors radiated from my cunt and ass, stimulating my mind to fragment into a million shards. Chris then mashed into me and convulsed loudly, shooting his fiery cum into my anal conduit.
We collapsed in a heap, exhausted. We neither moved nor spoke for the longest time. Slowly he softened and withdrew from my anus. Chris rubbed my shoulder, then rose and turned on the shower. I removed the vibrator from my pussy and closed my eyes. The last thing I remembered was the sound of running water.
*
The Morning After Resumes
And now I was on the beach, recovering from a hangover and dreading Chris's long term reaction to my story.
"Would he look at me differently now? Am I now diminished somehow?" All these thoughts worried me.
Oh, how I wanted things to stay the same between us; so much so that I ached in my heart and soul.
People gradually appeared on the beach. It was now eight in the morning. I stood, tightened my kimono and walked back to the cabana.
Once inside, I slid my robe off and crawled into bed with Chris. I spooned against him, ironing myself onto his warm back, hugging his beautifully familiar body. My arms slid under his, and my hands gripped his chest.
He murmured dreamily.
"Where were you, honey? I missed you."
He missed me! That's all I needed to hear. I wanted to cry, but held back, whispering, "You're my heaven and earth, Chris," and nibbled on his ear. He slung his arm backwards, draping it over me, and, with a hand on my ass, pressed me yet harder into his bum. I embraced him as hard as I could. Nothing had changed.
I clambered on top of him, rolling him onto his back, and reached behind me to fondle his hardening cock. Once I'd positioned myself, I eased my pussy onto him, onto my husband, until he filled my cunt and my being.
"Make love to me, Chris," I breathed between kisses to his face and neck, "Make love to me like only you know how."
*
Many thanks to awaken61313, Bron Zeage, chuchulain, Harrie1963, jason, marty, and an anonymous reviewer.
Comments, criticism, and feedback are always welcomed.
The next story in this series is "The Whole Enchilada".
CC