Julia is a little slut. She loves to show her body (and it is great to watch her show). She is 5'4, about 140#, 30 years old, with auburn hair and a set of gorgeous double D tits. Julia has told me she has always liked showing her tits to guys and would even let strangers play with her tits on occasion when drunk Even though we have been going out she still likes to flaunt her tits to other guys, which I do think is kind of arousing. This is one of her stories from recent adventure.
Julia was going for a walk in the neighborhood. It is a small quaint development about 150 homes with various age groups. There is a park about 2 blocks from my house that has a small lake on it. Rarely is anyone there except for an occasional landscaper mowing or trimming.
Julia went to walk her dogs and was wearing a pair of shorts and semi see through shirt. It was a off white color and wasn't noticeable unless wet, or you saw her up close. She decided to take the dogs quickly to the park and would then get ready to go out with friends (I was working that night). As she walked towards the park she noticed a young guy that was fishing by the lake far enough away she did not think much about her attire.
As the dogs did their business she realized that the guy had stopped fishing and was walking towards her. Julia realized her shirt up close was semi see through so she began to cover up.
The guy introduced himself as "Russ" and Julia introduced herself with arm covering tits and leash in other hand. Russ than extended his hand and said "Please to meet you". Julia responded in typical fashion going to shake his hand uncovering her shirt letting her tits be somewhat visible. She quickly covered back up as Russ said his day has definitely improved and let out a small laugh.
Julia slightly embarrassed, but also excited asked how the fishing was going. Russ said he hadn't had a bite all day and was going to be packing it in in a few minutes. They continued to chit chat for a few minutes. Julia feeling more comfortable and naughty let her arm come down letting her tits be seen a little more. She said goodbye and went to take the dogs back home.
Upon getting home she could still see Russ casting out in the lake and was now pondering if she should push things a little further. I had told her I really do enjoy her showing her tits and have fantasized of seeing her let a guy cum on her tits. Julia was thinking what excuse she could use to go back to park without seeming to obvious. She finally thought that she could hide her ring and go back and say she must have dropped it while walking dogs. It would give her a chance to see Russ again and she did think he was cute.
She quickly put the dogs away and went back to the park. She waved to Russ who was picking up his tackle and rod and she thought she had missed her chance. He picked up his stuff and started walking towards her and she was becoming excited. Russ asked what made her come back when she mentioned she thought she dropped her ring. Russ said he didn't notice a ring when she was walking and asked if it was a wedding ring. Julia laughed said no she just had a boyfriend, but it was a ring a friend had given her.
The two of them were searching for the non existent lost ring when a typical Florida summer storm rolled in, the kind when it rains with no clouds. Julia's semi see through shirt was now completely transparent. The view of her tits got Russ obviously excited. Julia said he had a huge cock. The rain ended the search for the non existent lost ring and Julia said to come back to the house until the storm ended.
Julia and Russ went back to the house and continued talking. Julia was checking him out. She said he was about 21-23 years old about 5'10 185# blue eyes blond hair with a huge cock that was evident through his shorts when he saw her tits .
Julia offered Russ something to drink and said she needed to put on something more appropriate. Russ laughed and said he liked what she had on, but understood it must be a bit awkward
Julia went to the bathroom removed her shirt and changed her shorts. She came out with a towel for Russ and shocked him as she came out topless. He asked about boyfriend when she explained fantasy and asked if he wanted to fuck her tits.
Russ was almost instantly hard and started to drop his shorts. Julia was amazed and enamored with the biggest dick she had ever seen. It was a solid 10" and thick. She quickly fell onto her knees and started sucking his dick. Russ was pawing at her tits and this was arousing Julia even more. She then started to titty fuck him and occasionally suck his dick when his head would pop through her DD tits. Julia could tell Russ was nearing climax and asked for him to cum on her tits. Russ unleashed a load of cum on her tits. She then asked for him to take picture to send to me.
After the picture Russ asked if he could take one too because his friends wouldn't believe him. Julia loves to show off so she said "Ok" and he snapped a few pictures. She asked if he had any other poses in mind and he asked if she could bend over letting tits dangle and show off her ass. Julia did this, but in a surprise dropped her shorts for the picture.
The stamina of a young 20ish year old showed quickly as his dick started to spring back to life. Julia saw this and now wanted him to fuck her. She walked over and asked if she could see pics and rubbed her ass over his cock. It continued to get hard and Julia felt it growing and reached back and started stroking it.
Russ then bent Julia over and started fucking her from behind. Her tits were bouncing violently from his thrusts and his dick was hitting places her pussy had never been touched. His pace started to slow and Julia was almost there. He told her he wanted her to ride him so he could see her tits bounce and her face when she would cum.
Russ sat on couch and Julia straddled him bouncing on his cock. This went on for a few minutes and Julia was about to cum. Russ sensed this and thrusted his pelvis into her giving all ten inches into her pussy. Julia climaxed and was in pure ecstasy (she usually can only cum from oral or finger stimulus). Russ was still thrusting into her which went on for a few more minutes when he said he was about ready to cum. Julia pushed herself down on him feeling his dick hit her cervix as he came. The sensation of the dick hitting cervix the cum both caused Julia to cum again.
Russ left shortly there after. Julia went to the pharmacy for a Plan B and all I got was the picture for my profile.