I had just finished dumping a huge load on my bedroom floor. I threw my clothes on and rushed downstairs to join mom in the car.
"Like I said you're driving!" Mom shouted out the passenger seat window.
I got in the car and before I could throw the car in reverse, mom had already pulled her panties off and her skirt up to her waist. She wasn't joking when she said she was as wet as the Pacific ocean. I could see the moisture on her pink, full, pussy lips She push a finger in and pulled it out with a wet, sloshing sound.
"Oh my god, I am so fucking wet. This is going to be a fun car ride." She said, very seductively.
"I'll drive slow so you have enough time to finish yourself before we get to the restaurant. You are so hot mom. I love watching you play with yourself!" I said as we pulled out of the driveway.
It didn't take long before mom was moaning with pleasure. As I tried to focus on driving, I could hear how wet she was. I couldn't concentrate.
"Oh fuck baby. Mommy is so horny! I want to cum so bad. Can mommy cum? Can mommy cum right next to you? Ohh, FUCK! Watch me rub my clit." She said, breathing heavily.
"I want you to tell me that I can cum, baby. C'mon, tell me it's okay to masturbate my fat, wet pussy right next to you. Tell me babe!" Said mom.
I could take this anymore. I had just cum less than 10 minutes ago, and my cock was as hard as a steel rod.
"Hell yeah mom. It's okay. You can masturbate here with me. Fuck that pussy with your fingers. Rub your little clit raw. That's it mom, fucking rub it. Fucking cum for me. Cum for me mom, cum for your son!" I screamed as mom let out a high pitched squeal!
"Ahhhhh, oh fuck. I'm cumming baby. OHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUCK!" She screamed as she squirted all over the leather seat of the car.
'Holy fuck. I didn't know she could squirt!' I thought to myself. I had seen her masturbate numerous times, and cum pretty hard. I never knew she was a squirter. This was so fucking hot.
As mom came down from her thundering orgasm, with her thighs still shaking, she looked at me wide-eyed.
"Holy shit! Did you see that, baby? I fucking squirted! I didn't know I could do that! Holy fuck!" She said with a sigh.
"I know. That was really hot, mom. Do you think you could do it again?" I asked, very excited.
"Maybe when we get home, honey. I need to relax for a minute before dinner." She managed to say between heavy breaths.
She grabbed her panties and jumped in the back seat. Seeing as this was the only available seat that wasn't soaking wet with her pussy juice. She put her underwear back on and laid down for the last 15 minutes of the drive.
Finally we pulled up to Maggiano's, a little Italian place in the heart of Orlando. We got out of the car and were surprised to see Jill and Matthew standing by the door. As mom got out of the back of the car, Jill was walking towards us.
"Heyyyy, sexy lady!" Jill sang. "Why are you getting out of the back of the car? What is he your chauffeur now?" She said as she motioned at me.
"No. I spilled my drink in the car on the way over. Luckily, I jumped in the back before anything got on me." Mom said, with quick thinking.
Dinner went as planned, and we did some catching up. About 3 hours later, we said our goodbyes and headed home. As we got into the car, me driving, mom in the back seat, she didn't hesitate.
"So, is it your turn to jerk off in the car?" She asked curiously.
"Yeah, right, while I'm driving? Are you insane?" I responded.
"Oh, come on you sissy! Pull that cock out and jerk it off. I know you need to cum. It's been almost 4 hours since you busted your nut. You need this, baby!" She said sternly.
Being the way I am, I agreed. I did need to cum. I needed to cum bad. Seeing mom in that black mini skirt, and those high heels, kept me hard all night.
"You're right, I do need to cum. But how am I going to do it while driving? I asked mom.
"You'll figure it out! Give me your shirt!" She demanded.
"Um, okay. Why do you need my shirt?" I questioned.
"Because I want to watch you cum and I don't want to sit in the backseat when you do it. So give me your shirt. I'm going to sit on it up front." She explained.
I gave her my shirt and she positioned it in the front seat, as I unbuttoned my pants and pulled them down. Just exposing my cock and balls to the world. We started driving and my cock started to get a workout. It was a 35 minutes drive home. If I timed it right, I could blow this load right as we pulled in the driveway. So I slowly worked my cock. The whole way home. Occasionally, getting looks from my mom. She knew I loved to jerk off, and she knew I loved to be watched as I jerked off. I was in heaven.
We made our way home with no accidents, inside or outside the car, and just as I planned I was close to cumming as we pulled on to our street. I never let mom know the plan, so she was a little disappointed that I hadn't cum yet. but right as we pulled in the drive way, the floodgates gave away. My balls tightened up. My fist was a blur on my cock, and my mom just gasped as I shot rope after rope of cum all over the car. The first two ropes hit the steering wheel and the gauge cluster. The next two went on the driver side floor board. After that it was just a stream of cum, running down my cock, over my fingers, and on to the seat of the car. I grunted hard with ever spasm of my dick. After a few seconds my mind cleared and I could see the look on moms face. It was a purely sexual look.
"Jesus, baby. That was a lot of cum. I didn't think you were going to finish in the car though. Do you feel better now? Did you get it all out?" She asked
"Yeah mom. I think I got all of it." I said as I continued to slowly stroke my softening shaft.
"Well here, you let me use your shirt to soak up my cum, take my skirt and clean up the steering wheel at least." She said as she unzipped her skirt and slid it off, handing it to me.
"You want me to clean my cum. I thought we didn't have to worry about that anymore. I thought you said I could cum where ever I wanted ad didn't hav to worry about the mess." I argued.
"Ohhh baby." She said condescendingly. "I'm the mom and I make the rules. Okay? So clean up!" She said as she got out of the car and went inside.
I reluctantly clean up the steering wheel. But that was all I was going to clean. I finished up and walked through the garage into the kitchen, closing the garage door. Mom had already stripped of all her clothes and was standing at the sink completely naked. No matter hoe many times I see her like this, it will never get old. Nothing much happened after that. Or so I thought.
I woke up the next morning, naked, with a raging hard on. I needed to piss, and I needed to cum. So I walked to the bathroom and took a leak. After that, I made my way downstairs to the living room. I found mom had slept on the couch last night. I pulled the blanket over her body a little more, and continued to the kitchen. As I walked in the kitchen I noticed a puddle of something in the corner. A big puddle. Then I noticed a note on the counter.
Good morning baby, After you went to bed last night, I got horny again and decided to read some more stories on that website you like. I found a lot of really hot mother and son stories. A lot of them reminded me of our "situation" and I couldn't help but think... We are living someone's fantasy. A lot of people have a fantasy of masturbating and cumming in front of their mom, or son. We are living that. Well I got so excited that I came and squirting on the floor. I want you to jerk off and cum right next to it, but wake me up before you do. I want to watch. ;)
Your horny mom!
I put down the paper and looked at the puddle again. 'Mom, really squirted again last night?' I thought to myself, as I started to jerk my cock. "Well I am going to cum, but I am not cumming on the floor." I said to myself.
I walked into the living room again and went over to mom's sleeping body. I pulled the covers back and exposed her naked body. Her legs were spread open and she was laying on her back. This was going to be a perfect cumshot. Right on moms tits.
*Thanks for the positive feedback from my first chapter. I will continue this story for you guys if you still want me to. Hope you liked the story. Hope it gave you a good orgasm. Until next time, stay filthy my friends.