[This story is one of a sequence I've written. You can read the other parts of the story for more details, but here is a summary;
I've recently divorced my wife, and am raising my son on my own. After a long abstinence, I've met a woman (Angela) and we've just had our first night together. She's had her first orgasm in the missionary position, thanks to a little tip I'd picked up online. We've not yet had anal sex, but a little anal play has been involved....
The cast:
Me: 36 yrs male
My son: Daniel
My girlfriend: Angela, 40 yrs
The babysitter: Samantha, 18 yrs
Samantha's dad: Bill
Samantha's brother: David]
*
I slid up the bed so that I was laying on to top of her, my hard, hard cock lying between the cheeks of her ass. I rubbed it up and down a bit, feeling the moisture from her previous come and my rimming spread around my cock. Then I reached down and pushed it down, under the curve of her ass so that my head was touching the lips of her cunt.
"Fuck me, fuck me now," Angela moaned, and tilted her pelvis back to give me easier access. I rubbed my cock along her wet lips for a bit longer, and then pushed, feeling her cunt separate as my prick entered. God she was hot. I kept pushing all the way, until the cheeks of her ass touched the bottom of my stomach, at which point she ground against me. I pulled out almost all the way again, so my head was just parting her lips, and then pushed in again, harder this time. She grunted, spreading her legs a little bit more to make it easier for me to get even deeper in. And that's how we fucked: her face down, flat on the bed, beads of sweat collecting on her toned back; me above her, feeling the mounds of her ass bounce as I plummeted into her.
After a few minutes, I pulled out altogether ("Oh, no," she groaned), and pulled her hips towards me. She got the message, and came up onto all fours. I pushed in again, going deeper than before with the new position. "Oh Andy, fuck me baby, fuck me," she told me, as she pushed back against me each time I entered her.
I grabbed her shoulders to pull her against me, pushing as deep and hard as I could each time my prick plowed her cunt. In and out, in and out, feeling my orgasm get closer. But I remembered how much she enjoyed the small bit of rimming I'd done, and I could see her tight ass below me, her asshole still moist from all the sweat, come, and saliva that had collected there.
I leaned back again, letting go of her shoulders and sliding my hands down to grab the cheeks of her ass. I played with them, massaging them, moulding them, separating them from the other, and making her asshole wink at me as we fucked hard and fast. Then I slid the thumbs down, underneath her ass to get some moisture from the bottom of her cunt, and then backup, over the perineum, until they were pressing either side of her rosebud.
"Oh god Andy, that feels so good baby," she moaned as she dropped her arms and shoulders onto the bed, making her ass stick up even further. I played with her asshole, running my thumbs over it, pressing, stroking, rubbing, spreading her cunt juice around, until I pressed one a bit harder than usual, and saw her sphincter spread, letting the intruder in, resisting a little bit but not enough, and my thumb entered her asshole. Angela groaned beneath me. As I pushed harder, my thumb went into the knuckle, and she started to come, hips trembling with the force of it, her juices flooding my prick as I continue fucking her. I could feel her moisture running over my balls, she was so excited.
I kept on fucking her, intent now on getting my own orgasm, wanting to come inside this tight cunt as I watched her asshole clinging to my thumb, knowing that at some point soon it would be clinging to my hard cock. The thought of it sent a spasm down my spine to the tip of my prick, and I knew it wouldn't be long. I reached forward to grab one of Angela's hands, leading it down her cunt, and I felt her tunnel tighten as she started wanking her clit, then I straightened up again, grabbed hold of her hip with my spare hand, and starting giving her a good hard fuck, pulling her onto me with one hand as the other thumb continued pushing into and out of her ass.
It only took a few minutes of that for me to come, my man-juice spurting inside that hot sweet cunt as she came again on my cock, pushing herself back so hard that my thumb went all the way into her asshole. As my spasms subsided, I collapsed down beside her, panting hard. She took a moment to get her breath back, and reached down to fondle my still swollen prick.
"Baby," she whispered, "that was real good, but don't even think about trying to put this monster in my ass - it'll tear me apart."
---------------------
It was a couple of weeks later that we went one step further. Don't get me wrong - during that couple of weeks we had some great sex. A bit of anal fingering, some rimming, and more traditional sex, as well as just wining, dining, and getting to know each other.
The next time something significant happened, Daniel was staying over with a friend, Stephen. The friend's mum (Simone) was a right hottie. She'd had Stephen real young, so she was only about 28 or so now, still fresh and tight. And she knew it. Her midriff was always exposed to show off her flat, taut stomach over deliciously curvy hips. Her tops were tight enough to show that her tits were firm and more than adequate. She wasn't tarty, mind: the midriff gap was only a couple of inches, just that bit above the waist of low-slung jeans or trousers, where the hips curved inwards to her narrow waist. And that was all you saw - never a large midriff PLUS loads of cleavage PLUS bare arms and legs. She kept herself covered up apart from that one little bit that let you know she was very tasty underneath the rest of her clothing. A classy dresser.
She was married, and apparently very happy with her equally tasty husband. Ah well. She kept me going in wank material during the period when I was seeing nobody.
Anyway, Daniel was there for the night, and Angela and I had the place to ourselves. I'd invited her round for dinner, cooked by my own fair hands. Of course, we didn't quite make it to the first course.....
----------------------------
She turned up wearing a chinese-style silk dress. High at the neck, tight round the body, long to the ankle, but slit up to the upper thigh. Very tasty indeed. When I let her in, I deliberately let her walk down the hallway to the living room in front of me, just so I could see her bum wiggle in the silk. Like two pigs in a sack. I just wanted to throw her to the floor and take her doggy style right there and then.
But Daniel was still her, so that put the kybosh on any plans for instant sex. Angela didn't have kids herself, but she had a couple of nephews, so she knew how to get on with kids. And Daniel seemed to like, which is a relief. He even took her up to his room to show her his favourite toys, so we was in special favour - he normally reserves that for friends who have been round longer.
Then Simone arrived to pick up Daniel. Oh fuck me, she was looking good. Tight, cropped top over those delicious boobs; her midriff showing; and some sports-type bottoms on, slack round the legs, but clingy enough to show the lovely curve of her ass. She and Angela chatted for a few minutes whilst Daniel put his coat and shoes on (which always takes a long time), and I could see Angela taking the occasional opportunity, when Simone was looking at me or Daniel, to look at Simone's tits or ass, and waggle her eyebrows suggestively at me.
Eventually, Daniel got his stuff together, and was whisked off Simone for an evening of fun and games with Stephen. As the door closed, Angela just said "Nice tits. Bet you've wanked off plenty of times at the thought of getting your man-meat between those mammoths, eh?"
"I plead the fifth," I countered.
We did do some small talk first, whilst I was preparing the food. Unfortunately, she made the mistake of sitting directly in my line of sight, legs crossed elegantly, showing her legs off right to the inner thigh as the material parted along the slit.
Just the sight of that, and the memory of our anal play previously was enough to get my dick rising in my pants. I was wearing casual trousers this time, rather than jeans, so there was nothing to keep the old boy pressed down tight against my thigh. I think she must have noticed, because she stood up, walked over as if she was going to the fridge, and then cuddled up into the back of me, pressing her breasts, stomach, and groin against me, running her hand down my chest and stomach to stroke my growing bulge
"Oh, Andy, what am I going to do with you?" she breathed into my ear as she rubbed her hand up and down.
"I can think of a few things," I answered, as I carried on chopping some carrots. At which point she lowered my zip and slid her fingertips inside to rub up and down my straining cock, outside my boxers. I kept on chopping.
She brought the other hand round, and with both hands she undid my belt and the button of my trousers, and then she pulled the fly apart to get better access to me. Then she reached into the top of my boxers, pulling them down at the waist a bit, and reaching down to lever my cock up so it could taste the fresh air.
She grabbed hold of me just below my foreskin, and started wanking me, just moving my foreskin on and off my helmet. I kept on chopping, but with slightly less interest this time.
When she saw my apparent lack of interest, she grabbed hold of my hips and pulled me away from the worktop, worked more of my cock free of my underwear, and resumed wanking me, but this time with longer, firmer strokes. I kept on chopping.
Then she slid around me so that she was standing up between me and the worktop, right in the way of my chopping. She reached behind her, and pushed the chopping board away to the side, then grabbed the knife from my hand, and put it off to the side as well. Then she looked me in the eye, and slowly slid down onto her knees. As her head reached my groin, she tilted her head and licked up my cock. I groaned, and then groaned even louder as she opened her mouth and swallowed the head of my cock. Her tongue swirled around me, as she started bobbing up and down.
I grabbed the back of her head with both hands, helping the up and down movement, but preventing her from slipping away. With her hands, she started to pull my trousers and boxers down, pushing them down to my ankle, as her hot mouth worked wonders on my prick.
She grabbed both cheeks of my ass, and took even more of my cock into her mouth. She wasn't quite deep-throating (I've not yet found any woman who could), but she was doing a damned good job. I relaxed into it, enjoying the blowjob without any thought of having to give her pleasure or hold off my orgasm, just getting into it.
After a few minutes, she stood up, kissing her way up my body, all the way to my mouth. A lot of guys don't like it, but it fucking turns me on when a woman kisses me after going down on me for a bit. No idea why, it just does. I kissed her back ferociously, grinding my groin into hers, pushing her back into the worktop. I grabbed her ass, and started working her dress up her, rucking it up around her waist.
When it was all tucked up, I grabbed her ass again, and lifted her up onto the worktop. She opened her legs and wrapped them around me, then shuffled forward so that she was rubbing her crotch up against my cock. It felt odd, so I looked down - no knickers.
"You dirty little trollop," I said, as I licked her ear and rubbed my cock up and down her in return.
"Well, what was the point on putting knickers on? I knew they wouldn't stay on for long. I've been wanking myself silly all day at the thought of us having sex again, so there's no way I was going to wait till after we'd eaten. Besides, sex on a full stomach absolutely has gotta be bad for you."
"I'll tell you what's bad for you..." I responded. "Trying to have sex in this position. Get down, turn around."
She slid onto her feet as I kicked off my trousers and boxers. She turned round, pulling her dress back up again, exposing that delectable little ass and the dark cleft beneath it. Wasting no time, I grabbed my cock and positioned it ready for penetration, and she pushed herself back, sighing as I entered her.
"Oh god baby, that feels so good," she breathed, working her hips to get me completely inside her. I bottomed out, feeling her tight buns against me, and I reached one hand round her waist to stroke her clit. She pulled away again, and I could feel the walls of her cunt close behind me as I withdrew. I pushed in, quite hard, and heard the slap as our flesh made contact.
We fucked, hard and fast, with her juices dripping down onto my balls and the sound of our fucking filling the kitchen. I wet a thumb in her juices, and pushed it hard and firmly into her ass. She grunted, telling me to "fucking fuck her". I started really going for it, fucking her like I'd never fucked anyone before. She was rocking back and forth as I pushed my cock as deep into her as I could. I gave up trying to play with her clit, and just grabbed her hip with my spare hand to pull her onto my cock even more, whilst still playing with my thumb in her asshole.
She started to come, screaming out loud as she did so, but I didn't stop. I just kept on thrusting my cock into her wet cunt, watching her ass cheeks bounce around as we fucked. I wet the other thumb, and started pushing that into her ass alongside the first one. I didn't push too hard, just a slow gradual pressure. Well, as slow and gradual as I could manage when fucking her so hard. I could see her asshole spread, her sphincter muscles opening up like a flower to accept both my thumbs.
Angela was gone, moaning and groaning and shouting all sorts of obscenities into the kitchen air, which now smelled only of hot sweaty sex. Her asshole was clenching my thumbs, tight but unwilling to let them go. I spit onto them, making sure she was very wet, as I had plans. I could feel her cunt tighten again round my cock, and my own orgasm was approaching, helped by watching her asshole beneath me.
We got even closer to orgasm, and she put both her hands on her ass cheeks, pulling them apart to allow me better access to her ass. She was shouting now, just pure grunts in time with my thrusts, and I could tell we were both on the verge of coming.
As I pulled my cock back, I pulled a bit further so I came out totally, the first throbs starting to happen in my cock. I squeezed to hold it in, and whipped my thumbs out of her ass. I pushed down on her hips quite hard, whilst knocking the back of her knees with the front of mine, making her ass drop a bit... nicely in line with my cock.
Then I pushed - just enough to get the head of my cock inside her ass as she came, screaming at me, calling me a lying bastard and then telling me to come inside her ass, and her juices flooded out of her cunt to pour down my thighs. Her hot asshole clenched around my cock, squeezing it tighter than anything I've ever felt before, spasming as her orgasm continued, and that was enough to make my come spurt into bowels. Her orgasm seemed to last forever, and she was still having aftershocks as I started to recover from mine. Then she collapsed onto the worktop, body going completely limp from the force of her coming. She'd passed out.
Jesus wept, I'd made her pass out.
I was shocked, and was about to pull my cock out of her steaming ass, when I felt her asshole open up as she relaxed. Without even trying, my still-hard cock slipped another inch or two in. I froze, afraid of her going mental when she realised I'd gone further in. But she was still out for the count.
I could feel her hot ass walls around my cock, lubricated by my come, slippery and more relaxed than before. Experimentally, I pushed my hips forward a little bit, and my cock slipped even further inside that lovely ass of hers. An evil grin broke on my face, as I looked down to see her cute asshole split apart by my cock. My veins were bulging, making an even rawer image, and I pushed forward again. Another inch or two.
My mind was made up.
Slowly, I kept the pressure on, allowing my cock to ease further and further inside her. I could feel her sphincter pressure as it moved up my cock, and also the tight-but-flexible pressure of her inner ass walls - parting as the new intruder edged it's way in. Ah, fuck me, her ass was exquisite. Grasping, clinging, but not too tight. Hot, kind of dry, but not too dry. Very different to the feeling of being in a cunt. I knew that once tonight was over, I had to have it again.
I started to nudge my cock in and our of her ass, going a little bit deeper each time. After a few minutes, and another inch or two inside, Angela had still not recovered, but I could feel her asshole start to get tighter again, so I knew it wouldn't be long. I reached my hand round her waist, stretching down to her cunt, parting her lips and rubbing her clit.
She moaned, and lifted her head a bit.... then froze.
"Oh, shit,"I thought, "she's gonna go ballistic," and I got ready to withdraw.
But she reached around, and grabbed hold of the bit of my prick that wasn't in her yet.
"Sweet jesus," she said, "you're almost all in," amazement in her voice. "God, that feels good. I never thought you'd fit. How do you fit? Oh, fuck me!" she gasped as she reached back with both hands and pulled her ass cheeks apart again.
I took that to be a good sign, and resumed pushing my cock into her, slowly but surely. The thought and feeling of being in her ass, and watching my cock part her asshole as we fucked, had kept me hard, even after I'd come.
It was getting tight, so I looked round desperately for something to lube... the olive oil caught my eye, so I grabbed it and started undoing the top.
"Baby, reach into my bag there... there's some real lube. Just be quick and fuck me," whispered Angela. I reached into her handbag on the kitchen worktop, found the lube, and pulled out of her a bit. Then I spread some round the remainder of my cock, and round her asshole. I did wonder why she had lube in her handbag, but that question could wait for another day.
I started to move into her again, pushing in a bit and out a bit, letting the lube do it's job. Gradually I got further in. Evantually, I got the last bit in, my lower stomach hitting the cheeks of her ass, and we both grunted.
"Oh, you fucking bastard, Andy. You feel so big. You bastard. ... fuck my ass, Andy. Fuck me," she whispered.
I took her at her word, and started pulling my cock out. I reached a hand down to her wet cunt lips, collecting her juices, then spread it round the rim of her asshole as more of my cock was exposed. Then I pushed in again, feeling her bowels open up around me. God knows why she wasn't screaming... if someone shoved 9 inches of hot cock up my ass, I'd be raking their eyes out. But thank god she wasn't, as I wasn't stopping for any reason. She was pushing back at me a bit, straining to get more pleasure, and I saw her reach down to her cunt. As she started playing with her clit, I felt her asshole tighten around me, and I grunted at the extra pressure.
I reached bottom, and started pulling out again. The scene was one of my favourites from the occasional anal porn film I'd seen - a big cock pulling out of an ass, with the ring of ass clinging desperately to the prick, red raw with the effort. I wished I'd had a camera to record the fulfillment of many a wanking fantasy at last.
"Push out a bit, as though you're straining over a shit," I said, and I felt her do so. Her asshole blossomed, giving me a bit more room to maneuver. I began to fuck her a bit faster, and reached down to spread more of her lubrication around the base of my cock. Then I grabbed her ass cheeks, spreading them wide.
I knew I wouldn't last long, not with the view I had, so I let go of her ass, and reached up to her dress neckline at the back. I unzipped it, all the way down her neck as far as I could get with all the rucked up material round her waist. She pulled her arms out of the dress as she started pumping her hips back to meet me as I pushed my hard cock up her ass. She wasn't wearing a bra, so I reached around her sides, to grab hold of her tits, squeezing them, rubbing her nipples, using them to pull her back onto me. She expressed her delight, groaning and whispering "oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" under her breath.
Her ass was definitely getting used to me, opening up even more, allowing me more freedom to push in and out more easily. I slid my hands up to her shoulders, pulling her back onto me each time I pushed into her asshole. Fuck, she felt good. I loved fucking her cunt, but this was something else, the still-taboo thought of having anal sex adding to my excitement.
I could feel her ass rhythmically tightening around me, presumably in time to the movements of her cunt walls as she wanked herself closer to orgasm. "Shove that cock up my ass, you bastard", she grunted. "Fuck my ass. Take my ass with that big hard cock of yours. Do it Andy, fuck me harder." I obeyed her command, putting more effort into fucking her. I still wasn't able to go as fast as I could in her cunt, but I didn't need to. I could feel my orgasm building again, and I could tell by her breathing and the sweat lining her back and hairline that hers was too. I leaned over her, still using her shoulders to pull her back onto me, and whispered into her ear:
"You love my cock up your ass, don't you? You've wanted me to do it since that first night when I put my finger there. Well, you've got more than my finger there now, and you've taken it like the slut that you are."
She was getting short of breath now, but managed the odd word: "Yes... god yes... I love it... oh that's good... I love your cock up my ass... oh fuck me ... make me yours."
"I'll make you mine," I said, almost snarling into her ear as I rammed my cock up her bowels harder than I had done so far. "I'll make you beg for my cock up your ass each time we meet, make you get down and spread your cheeks apart to show me where you want it. You're desperate for it, you anal whore. That's what you are, my little anal whore. I'm gonna fill your ass with my hot come, and you're going to love it. You'll love it so much, you're going to come at the same time, with my hard cock filling your insides." She was still pushing back and forth onto my cock, mouthing words now as she was unable to get her breath enough to speak loudly.
"Look at you, wanking yourself whilst I fuck your ass, you love it hard and fast. I can't believe a few days ago, you told me you'll never take my big cock up your ass, and here you are begging me to stick my hard cock up you, wanking yourself silly, while I rip you to shreds." My orgasm was getting closer, my cock starting to swell, and Angela started to come, screaming in ecstacy, screaming "fuck me, fuck me, fuck my ass, oh god, fuck my ass." That sent me past the point of no return, and I straightened my back, pulling on her shoulders to get my cock as deep as possible inside that tight ass of hers, which was clenching around me as her orgasm ran through her.
I continued fucking back and forth, feeling that build up of sperm getting ready to flood her hot bowels, trying to hold it off so I could enjoy the heat and tightness of her bowels for as long as I could.
As she started to calm down from her come, I stopped fucking it all the way in and out, just nudging it a bit each way. Angela had got her breath back a bit, gasping, slowing down a fraction, and then as I started that nudging, she said "Oh, god, I'm gonna come again, oh sweet Jesus. Fuck me you bastard. Fuck my ass," and that did it. I spurted into her ass, feeling it burst out of my cock harder than I'd ever felt it before. I swear it was about to come out of her mouth. The spurts went on longer than normal, and drove Angela over the edge again. She clenched her whole body, holding her breath, as he orgasm ripped through her. Her asshole tightened so much it hurt, and I felt my thighs go wet. Dear god, she'd squirted, actually squirted her cunt juice all over the cupboard door, my thighs, and the floor.
------------------
It took us a while to recover, both of us almost unable to breath with the force of our orgasms. I still had my cock up her ass, all the way in, my thighs and stomach touching her ass. I'd collapsed on top of her, and she grunted: "Get off me, you heavy bastard,",so I straightened up and eased my cock out of her ass.
She felt between her thighs, and gasped at the wetness there. "I've never come like that before. Fuck me, that felt good, but look at the fucking mess. Oh god, I can feel your come leaking out my ass..." And with that, she bolted for the bathroom.
Catching my breath, I grinned as I looked down at her cunt juice all over the place, and the sweaty state of my red raw cock. Anal sex at last. And fuck was it good. And she'd squirted as well.
I pulled my boxers and trousers back up, got a cloth, and started wiping up.
Angela was sheepish as she came downstairs again. She'd thrown on my bathrobe. "Sorry for the mess," she said.
"Sorry? Nothing to be sorry about," I answered. "That was the best sex I've ever had, and I mean it."
"Same here," she said, almost blushing. "I never thought I'd like it up the ass as much as that, but...."
"But what?"
"Well, if it's that good every time, or even half as good, I think I'll want it more often."
"Good," I said, as I walked up to her and held her close, kissing her and running my hands down her back to her bum.
She grabbed my hands, lifting them up. "That's enough of that tiger. I'm sore, which is not surprising given that I've just had your cock stuffed up my backside without so much as a 'please' or 'thank you ma'am', and you're not getting any more till I've recovered. This meal you're cooking had better be good, to make up for me not being able to sit down for a week."
I washed my hands, and carried on cooking. The meal was good - obviously my first bout of anal sex had inspired me. We ate, and had a good chat, really getting to know each other, sharing things we'd not told each other yet. As we talked, the bathrobe kept parting, offering glimpses of cleavage and lengths of thigh, making the meal all the more tasty.
She had to leave early for work again, but before she did do, she made me promise to go easier next time. "Honestly Andy, I can hardly sit down. I think you've done me a permanent injury".
"Well then, how can I make it up to you?" I asked, pretending to be deep in thought. "I know. Bend over and let me kiss it better."
She playfully slapped me, calling me incorrigible, then sent me upstairs to pick out some clothes for her. I brought them down - a light denim shirt and a pair of jeans. She shucked off the bathrobe - leaving her naked in front of me, and sending all sorts of dirty thoughts round my head.
"Stop that," she commanded.
"Stop what?" I asked, mock-innocently.
"Just stop it." She put the shirt on. I've always loved seeing a woman in just my shirt, hanging down to just underneath the crease where her ass cheeks and thighs met. I think it's because a slight rise to front or back - say, as she reaches up to get something from a cupboard - is enough to set the heart racing and the cock pulsing. I pulled her close, and slid one hand down to her ass, running my fingers along that crease. I love that bit... when I can get my hand there, I know I'm about to score.
My other hand rose to her chin, gently pulling her mouth towards me, and I start kissing her - not the passionate french kissing we'd done in the past, but softly, intimately, like lovers do.
"Don't get any ideas," she said as she looked at my inquisitively. "Just because you fucked my ass - without my permission, I'll say again - I don't want you going all soft on me."
"As if that would even happen, with you wandering round in a dressing gown flashing at me. Would you call this soft?" I asked as I pushed my hardening cock into her.
"Put the beast away. It's time it got back in it's cage, as it's been out to play enough today, and its play is a bit rough for me right now. It's been very naughty and deserves to be punished". I groaned melodramatically, and pulled back saying "You tease..." and then slapped her on the ass.
"Ooooh", she said. "Maybe I'll be naughty next time, so that you can spank me some more".
-------------------------------
A few nights later I was out with Simone and Ken, as a way of saying thanks for looking after Daniel the evening that Angela and I had anal sex in the kitchen. They were a nice couple, which made their mutual good looks even more unfair, but as the evening wore on, Ken got more and more drunk. I'd not seen him particularly drunk before, so it was a bit of a surprise to me, and not a nice one at that, as he was getting a bit obnoxious.
At one point in the evening, he staggered for the toilet, leaving Simone and I to talk. She didn't give any details, but she admitted things weren't as great behind closed doors as it would appear. I expressed my concern, thinking that maybe he was abusing her, but she vehemently denied it was anything like that, just run-of-the-mill problems. Her eyes were welling up, and she said something about not wanting Ken to see her like this, as he'd just take the piss and wind her up even more. I told her to take a moment to compose herself, and I went outside to phone for a taxi away from the noise of the bar. As I walked to the door, I passed the end of the corridor that lead to the toilets. And saw Ken.
He was stood chatting to a woman, dark and slutty looking, her back to the wall. He was real close, groins touching, hand on her hip, the other one playing with her hair, and neither of them looked unhappy about it.
"Stupid tosser," I thought. He'd got it all - fantastic wife, great job, good body, good kid, and he'd fallen for the most stupid thing that men do. I turned away from them, without him seeing, and phoned for the taxi from there, speaking louder than normal. Ken must have heard or seen me, as there was a sudden "oh shit" from him, and some frantic whispering between the two of them. He came out of the corridor, almost staggering into me but managing to catch himself just in time, and then the girl followed. Granted, she had big tits and showed them off in a low cut top, but she had a short skirt showing off legs that could do with a bit more toning, and a midriff bulging over the top of it - cheap, tarty, and an obvious easy fuck - but she was not a patch on Simone. Poor girl, I thought, she'll be gutted if she finds out Ken's having an affair... unless she's already found out, and that's what she was avoiding saying earlier.
We all got the taxi home, and I left them to it, without mentioning what I'd seen to either of them. I didn't mention it because no matter how good a friend you are to someone, if you tell them their husband (or wife, girlfriend, whatever) is having an affair, you can kiss that friendship goodbye. It's not my place to sort out their domestic issues.
They got out the taxi, Simone helping Ken along a bit as it was starting to rain and he's got the tendency of standing talking when he's had a beer. She let him in the front door, and then waved back at me as the taxi pulled away again.
Samantha had been babysitting Daniel again, and we chatted over a coffee when I got in. She was wearing a blouse with the neck quite open. She wasn't showing any cleavage, she never did, but I noticed a cross on a chain. She'd never mentioned being religious, and I knew her dad wasn't, so it was a bit of an odd thing to wear. I didn't ask her about it (never ask about religion, politics, or opinions on reality TV), but just chatted about her course etc. She got talking about some of the other people doing the course, and flushed somewhat when I probed her about boys, and boyfriends. I couldn't tell whether she was embarrassed because she didn't have a boyfriend, or because she did, so I left it at that.
-----------------------------------
The next time I saw Angela, it was at her place for once. She was having problems with her email, and as my business was in IT consultancy, she obviously thought I'd be able to sort it. So I drove over while Daniel was at school, and Angela had the afternoon off to get her legs waxed or something. She met me at the door, pulling on her coat over a short cardigan, her stomach showing underneath, and her shoes on.
"You're just in time, I've got a few minutes before I need to go. But let's get this straight. No sex today. I'm off to get my bits waxed shortly, and you're not coming anywhere near me till then, otherwise I'll smell of come when the beautician does me. And not afterwards, otherwise I'll be as sore as fuck. So keep your grubby little hands to yourself".
I tutted loudly as I walked in to her house. Damn, I thought, as I'd been looking forward to another good bout of sex, normal or anal. So I followed her through to her home office - salivating as I followed her arse up the stairs, remembering that first time we'd had sex and had made out on the stairs - and she talked me through the problem. She'd been trying to set up a desktop mail application, Eudora, rather than webmail, as she didn't trust Yahoo or Google or anyone with her mails and personal info any more.
In the end, I had to delete her account details and re-enter them for her. As I ran the "get new mails" option, the titles of the incoming mails appeared in the software. I wasn't really reading them as such, but I noticed a few spam mails, one from Egg.com, and.... one that said "Re: Another session with Andy".
I think she saw it as well, as I heard her draw her breath sharply. She grabbed the back of the office chair I was sitting in, and spun me round away from the computer. She leant over me, letting her cardigan hang loose, exposing her cleavage. She licked her lips, and then leaned a bit further and whispered in my ear, "I think you deserve a little thank you present"... and I heard her click the mouse behind me, presumably closing the software.
Then she clicked the mouse a few more times, and turned me round to face the monitor again. Microsoft Media Player was just opening up, and it was playing a movie. But not just any old movie. It was a shot of a big muscled guy sat on a dining chair in a kitchen, with a girl straddling him, one hand on the kitchen table on one side, the other on the kitchen worktop on the other, lowering herself onto his impressive cock slowly.
"I love this movie. Feel free to have a wank whilst I'm gone." she said, laughing, and with that she was off, out the door and down the stairs. When she got to the bottom, she shouted up: "Oh, and pay attention! You need some inspiration - sex with you is getting a bit tame" and then she opened the door and slammed it behind her.
Bitch, I thought, laughing to myself. She could have at least given me a quick wank.
The movie was pretty good though. I've always had a thing about broad-chested, well muscled guys fucking petite girls, when the guy just grabs the girl's waist as she straddles him, bodily lifting her up and down onto his prick. So I thought, "Why not?" and pulled my jeans down to give me access.
Then I saw her webcam. Its light was on. It was pointing right at my cock. She was recording me. She'd planned all this, the little tyke. Well, if that's the case, I thought, I'll give her a show.
I grinned a lop-sided grin as I started rubbing myself through my boxers, letting my bulge get bigger as I watched the movie, and imagined being that guy, with the size 6 girl straining to get my cock into her. I soon got hard, and, determined to give Angela a show, I just put my hand inside the waist of my boxers, rubbing my foreskin up and down, and panting a bit (louder than normal, so it would get picked up by her microphone).
I slid down a little bit (not too much in case I went off the webcam's line of sight), and leaned back as if getting into it. Then I pulled the elastic of my boxers down, letting a couple of inches of my cock peek over the top.
I kept my hand open, just using my thumb and one finger to wank just my foreskin, making sure (but hopefully not too obviously) that the webcam had a good view. I kept that up for a few minutes, till my pre-cum started to collect on my helmet. Then I took my shirt off and threw it on the bed, running my hands over my nipples as if I was getting really turned on. And finally I slid my boxers down past my knees, exposing my cock in all its straining glory, and leaving myself naked.
I grabbed my cock full-on with one hand, and starting giving it large strokes, as far up and down as I could, gripping it tight to make the blood pump, which I knew would soon make my veins stand out. Hopefully, the webcam would pick that up in some detail.
I acted up a bit, moaning and panting, running the other hand down to play with my balls. Actually, despite the acting, I was enjoying this, the exhibitionism definitely adding something to the event. A thought occurred to me, and I stood up, pulling my pants and jeans up, and wandered over to her bedside cabinet, leaving the webcam running.
Yep, third drawer down, the rabbit and a normal vibrator sat hidden under a single layer of clothes. I picked up the vibrator and a pair of her knickers whilst I was there, and wandered back to the PC. On the way past her dresser, I picked up a jar of some facial cream (I picked one who's brand I recognized, knowing how expensive it was - my damned ex wife used to spend fucking hundreds of pounds on this stuff), and sat down again, leaving the items off-camera so she wouldn't know what I'd done. Then I navigated round the Media Player menus, and found the directory that the movie was in. She'd put it in a folder called Work Training Videos. "Nice work if you can get it," I said, and opened up the folder so I could see all the other files.
It was full of porn, maybe 20-30 files. "Angela, you horny little minx," I uttered, loud enough for the webcam to pick up I hope, as I scanned the titles.
One caught my eye, Girl On Girl 17c, next to Girl Takes It Up The Ass... and that was only dated a few days ago, I noticed.
I double-clicked the girl on girl one, and turned up the volume on her speakers. I knew the webcam would pick that up, and that she'd know which video I was watching. Then I settled back for a wank again.
I stroked slowly, firmly, letting her get a good view of what was going on, taking a nice long time over it as I watched the two girls make out on screen. They were, like all porn stars, fucking gorgeous, and I was really enjoying it. It got to a point where one of them was rimming the others ass, so again I played up to the camera, saying "Rim that ass girl," and similar comments as I started wanking faster. I could feel my come build up, so I gave myself a nice long squeeze, subtly aiming the head of my cock towards the webcam. Just as I thought, a big blob of come oozed out and ran down the side of my red helmet. I moaned theatrically, and then reached over for the knickers. They were kind of wrinkled up, so I made a point of opening them up, spreading them, inline with the webcam, so she could see what they were, and then wrapped them round my cock as I wanked some more. I started thrusting my hips a bit, keeping my hand still, and making my cock appear and disappear into the palm of my hand, encased in her knickers. I added some moaning, and a bit more speed, then I said loudly, "Oh fuck Angela, I wish that was me in your ass," as one of the girls on screen started fucking the other one's ass with a strap on dildo.
Then I stopped, reaching off cam to pick up the cream. Again, I took the lid off in plain view of the camera, making sure she could see the logo and know I was wanking in her good makeup. Then I slapped some cream onto my cock, groaning loudly again as I pushed my cock back and forth. Oh, sweet Jesus, I'd have to do that again. The cool cream on my hot cock felt fantastic. After a few moments, enough to give her a thrill of me wanking with her facial cream but not enough to let it soak in, I reached forward once more and brought the vibrator back to center stage and turning it on. Now, I'd never tried this, so I hoped it wouldn't feel too weird.
It didn't. Oh god, it felt good as I ran the head up and down my cock, the buzzing and the cold cream working wonders. I could feel my orgasm approaching, and I realised I could do it hands free, so to speak. So I got ready for the piece de resistance.
I took my hands off my cock altogether, using just the head of the vibrator, running it up and down, over the head, over my balls, point on, sideways on, you name it. Just giving the webcam a great view of my 9 inch cock straining to come just from the touch of the vibe. It really did feel good, and I swore to myself that I'd do this on a regular basis. My orgasm was close, so I reached forward one last time, making it look like I was just getting some more cream, but I'd timed it just right. I leaned back, as though my head was tilted back as well, but, knowing my head was off cam, I brought my chin down so I could see what was happening. I shouted out "Oh Angela, fuck that's good," as though I'd been fantasizing over her, just as my cock leaped, no hands in the way, my come erupting from the end, up into the air... and right wear I'd aimed it to go: down into her jar of face cream!
More come came pumping out, about five or six spurts and then a few more just pulsing down my cock. It ran down the sides, down to my balls and onto her knickers which I'd just dropped there, and I sat for a bit recovering, part of me remembering to leave my cock in plain view, with the jar of cream next to it, on my thigh, for the camera.
I waited a bit, panting, feeling my cock throb with the after shocks, and then I shifted as though I'd just sat more upright. "Oh fuck!" I shouted, as though I'd just seen my come in her jar. I turned this way and that, as though looking for a way out, and then just put the lid on the cream, again in plain view. I knew the webcam was still working, so I put the cream, vibrator, and her now sodden knickers by the side, and hastily pulled up my boxers and jeans. I let my cock whip around as the elastic caught on it, knowing that a bit of come would... yep, there it went, flying up and landing on her keyboard. I did up my clothes fast, ran about the room and slammed the things back where they came from, and then ran downstairs, slamming the bedroom door behind me as though I'd panicked and ran. Hopefully, that'll help to convince her that I wasn't faking.
I almost made it to the front door, and then something occurred to me. I knew she'd be a while, so I sat for a bit and watched TV, and then went quietly back up to her bedroom, opened the door a crack and looked at the webcam. Yep, the light had gone out - it had either timed out, or maybe it had a motion sensor and stopped shortly after I'd left the room, or she'd just run out of disk space.
I sat at the PC, opened up her mail again, got to her email account details, and wrote myself a quick note of what they were, stuffing it in my pocket for later. Now, I'm not a total wanker - I wasn't planning to read her real private mails, but I really wanted to read what she'd written about me. After all, with little jibes she'd made like "I need some inspiration", "sex is getting tame", and the whole "waving her little finger around like a peewee cock" in the restaurant, I needed an ego boost to make me feel good about myself, right?
RIGHT?
Well, that's how I justified it.
Then I checked her webcam software, it was set for motion detection with a small delay, and I checked... yes it had come on again. So I stopped it, and deleted the few seconds it had just recorded. Then went to the recycle bin and deleted it there as well (I'm not stupid, you know). Then I set the software to record on motion detector again. I closed the mail application, but left Windows Explorer open showing that I'd found her porn. I even left the Girl On Girl file highlighted, just so that she would get the hint, and moved out of view of the camera, and reached across to close the webcam software window.
Then I quietly went down stairs, and out the house.