This is the male half writing this story and it is my very first one. I hope you can visualize the scenario and maybe put yourself in one of the party's places.
-------------------------------------------------------
I am more interested in exhibiting her than she is at exhibiting herself. We are a middle aged couple easy on the eyes but no Ken and Barbie, in other words we have a little fluff on us. We are a real couple and this is a little story of how we like to play.
One weekend we had to travel for some family business. The whole time we were there at least one person was around and the bed we got to use was above another family member's room and of course it creaked and squeaked like crazy. Needless to say we had zero sexual fun.
The last night there while we were in bed I told her on the drive home I wanted to stop somewhere and have sex. She commented, "Oh really?" and nothing more. That gave me no way to express the thoughts in my mind to her.
In my head I was wanting to tell her that we would stop at one of those sex shops, because they have large parking lots for the big trucks, and we would have sex in the back seat. I then continued to day dream that we would be in the 69 position or her on her hands and knees sucking me and I would look up at the window and see someone looking in and would spread her cheeks so they can get a better view of her goods.
I wondered if I would tell her they were there or just let them continue to watch her and jack off. I imagined they were jacking off and when we got done they would leave and I would get out and see where they had shot their load and then show her. I then fell asleep with a raging hard-on.
Upon waking, we did our business and told everyone goodbye and headed back home. On the way, there are a few adult shops so we pull into the first one we come to. It has a great big parking lot with only 3 cars and no trucks. We decided to go in and have a look to see what's inside. We are wandering through the store and are pulled to the dildos. Now that I have got her one she likes to look to see if there is one better or something different. Not many people were there so I didn't figure what I was thinking last night would happen here so we left.
After driving a bit we run up on another sex shop and at this one there are 4 cars and a big rig so we pull in and I drive around so the big rig might have a view if we are having sex. Well the damn truck leaves before I can park so we just go in and look around again. My girl is wandering around picking up dildos or vibrators and doing a lot of touching. I walk up behind her and reach out and cup her ass which makes her jump because she was concentrating on finding a toy.
She turns to me and says all this looking at toys is making her pussy wet and ache. We leave the store and still no big trucks so we leave. Now we are driving a 1-ton GMC so it sits pretty high and not too many family type cars can see into the truck. I told her she ought to see how far the seat would lay back and when she did I told her she would be able to play with her pussy and nobody would be able to see her.
Well guess what, she stripped her shorts and panties off and started playing with her pussy. Stroking her lips and flicking her clit. I could see her eyes close and she started moaning. It was a bit difficult to keep my eyes on the road and traffic while trying to watch her shoving her fingers in and out of her pussy. I pulled the front of my shorts down to release my cock and started stroking myself. I guess somewhere in there she opened her eyes and noticed me stroking and said she wanted to suck my cock.
Remember now, she has no shorts or panties on. She gets up on her knees in the seat and bends forward and takes my cock into her mouth. When my girl gets really hot and starts sucking my cock her eyes start rolling back in her head and she is moaning and making love to my member with her mouth. I am blown away with the opportunity I have here. Here she is sucking me while driving down the road not wearing anything from the waist down and her ass aimed right at the window. If you were driving right next to us you would have the perfect view of her ass cheeks and pussy. Only one problem...
There isn't a truck in sight. But I grab her ass and pretend I am showing them her anus and pussy lips. This just about makes me explode so I make her stop and she whimpers and sits back up. I'm cussing under my breath because I had the perfect chance to let someone see her pussy.
While my cock cools down she plays some more. I then decide to tell her that I wished there had been someone riding beside us so they could have the prefect view of her beautiful pussy and ass. She surprises me and says find a truck and I'll do it again for them. I think I about fainted at that moment.
Well I decide to fill up on fuel with hopes that maybe some trucks will have caught up with us when we get back on the road. We set out again and thank my lucky stars I see there are some trucks ahead in the distance. She strips down and says to tell her when I want her to get back on her hands and knees. I don't think there was a happier person in the world at that moment than me. So she starts playing to get back in the mood and I work on catching up to a small convoy of trucks and think this is perfect. I tell her it is time and she gets up on her knees and leans forward towards me and starts sucking. I reach over and grab a cheek and open up her ass so they can see her anus and pussy.
I pull up even with the truck's door and match speed and the driver never looks over so I tell her he didn't look and I drive up to the next truck. This driver is talking away on his phone and all of a sudden he looks over, then back forward, and then whips his head back and gets a great big grin on his face and just stares at the beautiful sight I spread out before him.
I tell her that he is watching me spread her open for him and she reaches back and with her fingers squeezes her clit. We drive like that for a bit and I notice traffic has backed up behind us so we move on.
We get home, unpack, have mind numbing sex, and talk about what just happened and how he was probably stroking his cock while he was looking at her pussy.
We have other stories but want to see how this does before we tell anymore.