Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pt 14.
---
Sue came over to see what I was doing, and I told her I had a bunch of stuff to get done this weekend, so I didn't have the time to play with her. She was wearing a sun dress and sneakers.
"Do you have a date with Dave this evening?" I asked.
"Yes, so I don't want to mess my dress up, or I'll have to go home and change. We can still do stuff though."
Sue offered to help me with my chores for the weekend, and asked me what I had to do. I told her I was going to wash the van and the motorcycle, and she was welcome to help me with that. She said she didn't want to wash stuff in her dress, as it'd get all wet and dirty. I suggested she just wear her underwear.
She said she couldn't possibly do that, and I told her to take her dress off. She was wearing a lacy bra and a thong underneath it.
"That's not much smaller than a bikini," I said.
"You keep saying that," she said. "Have you ever seen a bikini this small?"
"Not on you, no."
"Also," she said, "this'll probably end up see through if it gets wet."
"I'd say I'm counting on it," I said.
She sighed, and took her sneakers and socks off so they wouldn't get wet, and we went down to the parking lot. I brought her a bucket and sponge, and put some soap in the bucket, then filled it up with the hose. I sprayed her front with the hose, and sure enough her bra went almost see through, and her nipples went stiff from the cold. I left her washing the van and went and got a folding chair, so I could sit and watch.
I knew she was enjoying herself when she was keeping her legs straight to bend down to wash the wheels, giving me (and the watchers I assumed were at their windows inside) a great view of her butt.
Once she'd got the van all washed, I picked up the hose and rinsed it off, totally soaking her outfit in the process. I handed her a chamois cloth to dry it, so there weren't any streaks. By myself, I'd have just driven it around the block, but she was here and willing to help, so I thought she might as well do the job properly.
While she was drying it, Andy and a girl I assumed was his new fiancée arrived. They came over and he introduced her as Kendra, and we chatted about his upcoming move to a grown up house.
I could see him eyeing up Sue out of the corner of my eye, and she finished what she was doing and came bounding over.
"Andy!" she said, ignoring Kendra's disapproving look, "how are you?"
"Fine," he said, looking a little puzzled.
"I haven't seen you since the engagement party, how was your hangover?"
"Were you at the club?" he asked, puzzled.
"No," she said, "after that - I was here, and helped him get you to bed."
"Thank you for looking out for him," said Kendra, while I watched the color drain out of his face.
"Let's go up," she said, "we've got a lot to organize."
"Nice to meet you!" said Sue brightly, as they went through the downstairs door.
"You know he thinks I blew him, don't you?" she asked.
"Well, he's worried that maybe you did, maybe you didn't. I'm pretty sure she'd have been upset just by the cream lap dance."
"I'm done," she said. "Can we do something fun now?"
"I still need to wash the bike," I said.
"Fine," she pouted.
I went and brought the motorcycle over, and started filling the bucket with soapy water again. Once it was full, she started washing the bike. As she finished the washing phase, I pulled her to me and pulled her tits out of her bra, covering them with soap suds.
"Just a minute while I rinse it," I said, and she stood there watching.
I hosed the soapy water off the bike, then turned the hose on her again. She squeaked, then put her tits back in her bra so she could come and dry the bike too.
When that was done, I put the bike away, and she wanted to know if we could do something fun now.
"Well, you're almost in your bikini, we could go and sunbathe in the park to dry it."
"Can I wear my dress?" she asked.
"I thought you wanted to keep it clean," I said. "Your underwear's wet, and this'll dry it out. Or you could take your underwear off and take your chances in just the dress."
"Can I at least get my sneakers?" she asked.
"Sure, come on then."
"Do you have sun tan lotion?" she asked, as being a redhead, she burned easily.
"Sure," I said.
We went inside and I changed into shorts and we headed down to the park, with a rolled up towel and lotion. It was quiet at the park, so we headed for the middle of the grass with the other sunbathers, and I spread out the towel. She took her sneakers off and I had her lay down on her front, and I opened the lotion and took my time rubbing it in to every inch of her skin properly, undoing her bra. I noticed some of the old guys sitting on benches watching us.
"Turn over," I said, "and I'll do your front."
She was very relaxed at this point, but did her bra up before she turned over on the towel and waited for me to massage her again. I could see the old guys watching a bit more intently as I worked the lotion in to her skin, working towards her tits. I put my hands under her bra, and left the cups above her tits as I massaged the lotion in to them and her nipples in particular.
As I moved down her stomach, I left her tits on display, and it was a short while before Sue realized and covered up. When I got to her thong, I put my hands underneath it, too, and rubbed the lotion around her pussy and clit for several minutes until she came, moaning quietly and shuddering. I moved on, to the inside tops of her thighs, leaving her thong pulled to the side.
I had massaged her legs almost down to her knees when she sorted out her thong so she wasn't showing her pussy to everybody. I got to her ankles and feet and played "this little piggy went to market" with her toes until she kicked me because she's ticklish.
She sat up. "Shit, I'd better go," she said.
We got up and walked back to my place. Once we were out of the park, I undid her bra and let it flop around, and we walked back with her tits out. We went upstairs so she could get her dress and head home.