I recommend reading the first part to understand the characters better, but if you want to read this part anyway, just know that this story takes place at Dremeder University, a college where those with certain majors, such as math, can dominate those in others. Andrea and Leah are roommates, with Andrea being a math major and Leah's Mistress.
***
I awoke to evil laughter.There's a demon in the room, I thought, jolting out of bed. As soon as I got up, I was reminded of how exposed I was, being fully naked. I still had my collar on, though. Andrea, my roommate, said I could take off my collar when I slept, but I wore it anyway.I worked hard for it.
But when I looked around, it turned out there was no demon in the room. Just Andrea, laughing like a maniac. She was seated at her desk, looking at her laptop. She was in only her underwear, which caught me off guard. There was a wicked sparkle in her eyes, like she was a pirate lusting for treasure.
"Are you okay?" I asked cautiously.
Andrea turned to me, grinning. "Leah. You're awake. Look at this."
She pointed to her laptop screen. I looked at it from behind her, my face over her shoulder. There was a calendar of sorts. "Is this your schedule?" I asked.
She started laughing like a maniac again. "You sweet little innocent thing." Her tease made my pussy tingle. "This isn't just a schedule. This is victory. Do you see?"
I shook my head, squinting harder at the screen. She continued. "Calculus III was originally full. But then the most beautiful thing happened" - Andrea paused for dramatic effect - "someone dropped the class! And you know what that means?"
I spoke slowly. "...That you got in the class?"
"I GOT IN THE CLASS!" I was starting to get concerned, but I also liked seeing Andrea be this energetic. "For days I have been eyeing the available seats. For days I have wrestled with the registration gods. Finally, after my sacrifice, my turmoil - my devotion! Finally, my prayers have been answered." She held her palms together and closed her eyes in mock prayer. She relaxed her face as if in gratitude to the registration gods. It was the same expression I made whenever I was about to cum, relaxed but still wanting.
The corner of her laptop displayed the time. It was six in the morning. With a slight irritation in my voice, I said, "Very cool, Andrea. I'm glad you could enroll in your class. Now, I'm going back to bed, seeing as it is six in the fucking morning." I started climbing into bed.
"Seriously?" Andrea said. I paused, giving her a confused look. What was so weird about wanting to be asleep so early? She explained, "It's just that... well, you didn't take a shower last night. So... you know... you smell like, well, a slut."
I sniffed. Crap, she was right. Last night, she had given me several orgasms after the initial mind blowing one. By the time we were done, I was a hot and messy pile of flesh. I was so worn out afterward, that I just went to bed right away, whereas she probably took a shower before doing so. "I don't want the room to smell like your pussy juices," Andrea added.
I blushed from embarrassment. "You're right, Miss," I said. "I'll take a shower right away." She smiled at me, nodding. I grabbed a towel and hair products and started to leave the room.
"And Leah," Andrea said. "Wash your face first and then put this on." She handed me a blindfold. Did she really want me to be blindfolded in the shower?
"Isn't that a bit impractical? Won't the water seep through the blindfold and get into my eyes?"
Andrea gave me an alarmed look. "Oh. I, uh, didn't think of that. Then I guess you don't have to wear the blindfold..." I stared at her, frowning expectantly, like an impatient teacher waiting for her class to stop talking. Andrea then realized her mistake. She cleared her throat. "I mean, um, don't question me... and stuff. You will put on the blindfold in the shower."
I sighed. I wanted Andrea to be more dominant, but this would have to do for now. I was just glad Andrea was trying to step outside her comfort zone. She had already made decent progress in just one night, so I went to the showers without another word.
The bathroom had three showers to accommodate around twenty people in our hall, so it was fortunate that I had woken up early before it got crowded. The showers themselves were clean, as far as college standards went anyway.
I hung my towel and picked the shower furthest inside the bathroom. Then I rotated the shower handle about halfway around.
Pain.
I scrambled out of the water and put my hand out to measure the temperature. The water was ice cold. I turned the shower handle more, waiting for the water to heat up. Once it got to a decent temperature, I stepped back in. It was a nice couple of seconds. But the temperature kept rising.
Pain.
I scrambled out of the water and put my hand out to measure the temperature. The water was boiling hot. I turned the shower handle back slightly. Once the water was a decent temperature, I stepped back in. Now the temperature stayed at a good spot.
The water temperature is more sensitive than my fucking tits. I turn the handle two degrees and it goes from ice cold to boiling hot.
I washed my face and put the blindfold on. As I suspected, the water seeped through the blindfold. But my eyes were closed behind the fabric, so it didn't matter. It was just a regular shower at that point. Still, I was unfamiliar with the shower layout, I only had the sensation of water to guide me, and it was hard to tell which direction I was facing as a result.
Was my back being exposed, or my front? I couldn't tell, so it just felt like my whole body was being exposed.
Then I heard some footsteps echoing in the bathroom. My pussy started leaking in anticipation, and I was glad that the shower water could hide my juices. A few moments later I felt rough hands run over me. The angle of her suggested that the person was behind me. I could feel her hard tits on my back.
Meanwhile her fingers slid right into my pussy. Another hand squeezed my breasts. Hard.
"Oh, Andrea!" I moaned. The hands stopped moving, as if punishing me. "Sorry, I mean Miss." The hands returned to bringing me pleasure. The thrusting continued in my pussy, and I felt my tits get harshly pinched. Andrea was being much rougher than last night, and I was all for it.
The hands spun me around. I nearly lost my balance, but the arms caught me. My breath was cut off as lips intertwined with mine. I grabbed Andrea's tits, returning the favor. Except they were no bigger than my hands.
Wait a minute.
Andrea's tits were much larger than mine, so my hand should not have been able to encapsulate them.
I took off the blindfold and nearly screamed. "You're not Andrea!"
In front of me was a completely different girl, with blonde hair. She was around my height, and her boobs were even smaller than mine (and my boobs are already on the smaller side). Based on her collar, this blonde girl was also a slave. What was a slave doing groping some stranger?
The blonde girl floundered around and quickly made her get away, scattering frantically. "Hey, wait!" I called. But she was already gone.At least finish what you started.
Well, I guess I can finish myself off, I thought. I put my fingers in my pussy and turned around so that I was facing the shower handle. The white noise of running water and the pleasure of playing with myself made me focus entirely on pleasure.
But a few minutes later, as I got close to orgasm, I was cut off by a hand tapping my shoulder. "Leah?"
I turned and saw a naked Andrea and froze. I had taken off the blindfold, thus failing to obey her. I looked down, my cheeks bright red. I also saw how wet her bare pussy was. She hadn't yet stepped under the shower water, so her thighs glistened clearly.
"Why don't you have the blindfold on?" Andrea said. I was silent. "And don't say it's because the water got through the blindfold. I thought about it carefully, and I realized that even if water did get through the blindfold, how would taking off the blindfold remedy that situation? Water hits the eyes when you take a shower as it is, so what you said earlier made no sense."
Wow, she really did think about this whole blindfold thing carefully. Maybe that was why she took so long to get here. "Sorry, Miss," I said.
Andrea seemed to be building some resolve. "I asked you a question, girl."
Her dominance was getting my wet pussy even more worked up than it already was. With me having just been denied orgasm, I felt like I was about to explode. Fidgeting, I gave Andrea my answer. "Well, you see I originally did have the blindfold on, but then-"
"I don't want to hear your excuses."
What? Butshe'sthe one who asked me why I had the blindfold off. I looked up at her face. Her lips were quivering slightly, waiting for my approval.
Oh.
I smiled. She intentionally asked me to say what happened just so that she could tell me to not make excuses. My smile turned into a giggle, and Andrea also let out a relieved laugh. She was probably worried that I would consider her tactic unfair, so she was glad that I was happy.
In fact, I welcomed such ploys. I would never find them unfair.
"As punishment, I don't think you should get to cum." My jaw dropped.
"That's not fair!" I complained. "Please, Miss..."
"I don't want to hear it. Now beg for forgiveness."
"But you said you don't want to hear it."Checkmate, Mistress, I thought. Andrea's face became scarlet, matching mine. But Andrea quickly regained control.
"Good point," she replied. "Then, just get on your knees instead." I obeyed, spreading my knees apart so I could bring my body closer to her legs. Her foot brushed my inner thighs. She pushed my head into her crotch. "Last time you passed out before you could pleasure me, hogging all the orgasms to yourself. Don't you think that's selfish?" I nodded against her. "So then don't you think you ought to return the favor?"
Before I could nod, she said, "Get that tongue to work, slut." I pushed my tongue into her. I started thrusting in and out, massaging my breasts as I did so. Andrea's hand was on the back of my head, and she gently eased my face into her pussy. After a couple of minutes, Andrea exploded, failing to suppress her moans. "Wow," she said, gasping. I smiled at her as the shower washed away her fluids.
But then someone else entered the shower. A different girl than before.
Andrea panicked and cowered as close to the shower wall as she could, hiding herself before she could be seen.
I didn't get what the big deal was. Sex acts like this were supposed to be normal at Dremeder University, especially in a place like the showers. Still though, she pushed me up, prompting me to stand, aiming to use me as a shield for her privacy if needed. Since we were at the backmost shower, the girl was likely to not notice Andrea.
I looked down at Andrea. I didn't want her to be ashamed of being my owner. I had an idea to get her past this barrier. I was going to call out to the girl, hopefully getting her involved with us.
I started to speak. "Hey-" Andrea read my mind, putting her hands on my mouth to stop me. She was able to reach my face even while squatting since she was much taller than me. I tried struggling, but her arms easily overpowered me. She had my mouth covered and arms restrained, and she was shaking her head.
The girl didn't seem to notice anything. She just had to use the bathroom, so she was gone quickly, at which point Andrea let me go, breathing a sigh of relief.
"Really, Andrea?" I said. "Are you that ashamed of me?" My wording was a bit harsh, but I was only expressing my feelings.
"It's not like that..." she started. But she didn't know what to say.
Being denied release was making me more irritable than normal, but I needed to ease the situation, so I controlled myself. Andrea was trying very hard for me, after all.
"It's okay," I said, not fully believing myself. "I understand."
***
Our mood was still slightly dampened when we returned to the room, but we had at least come to a mutual understanding. Andrea needed more time before she could be so outwardly dominant with me.
I thought about getting a couple more hours of sleep, but I was already too awake. And too aroused.
"Leah, did you get your badge?" Andrea held up a lanyard ID badge. It had her name, a small picture, a student number, and a section that stated she was a math major. The badge had a red border, making it visible from long distances.
Stacy, the front desk girl who helped me last night, did not give me a badge when I moved in. In fact, she herself had not been wearing a badge when I first saw her, but that was likely because she did not need to wear it in the dorm.
Andrea said that I should probably get a badge before classes start, since she read on the school website that badges were the main ID system at Dremeder University. She told me I could get one from the front desk.
I put on a pair of slippers and made my way downstairs. I was secretly thrilled. Going to the front desk meant I could potentially see Stacy again. I never got to properly thank her for helping me out and encouraging Andrea to be more dominant.
When I got to the lobby, however, Stacy was not there. Instead, it was a girl with blonde hair.Thegirl with blonde hair. I stopped for a moment. It was the same girl that left me frustrated in the shower just a half hour ago.
But now she had clothes on. She wore a tight shirt that exposed her belly and shorts that went above her mid-thigh. I could see her tits poking through her shirt, making it obvious she was not wearing a bra. And then there was her collar, indicating that she was slave, just like me. However, her appearance was still modest compared to me (she was not fully naked, after all), which meant that her major was not sociology, but one more dominant.
I also saw that she was wearing a badge. It had a green border, unlike Andrea's red one.
The girl recognized me and winked, causing me to blush.Why was I even embarrassed?She could not have been that much higher than me in terms of major. Still, something about how she was so dominant with me in the shower made me feel extra submissive towards her.
There was also a group of boys sitting at a table, all with blue badges, who did not hold their stares back at all. They were all fully clothed, while I only had a pair of slippers on. I also noticed that none of them wore collars.
I neared the front desk, wanting the blonde girl to say something to me first, but she just waited patiently for me, greedily taking in the image of my naked flesh.
"U-um..." What do you say to someone that just used your body in the shower while you moaned another person's name? I remembered the badge.Just stick to the issue at hand, I thought. "I need a badge. For my ID."
"You don't," the blonde simply stated. Who did this girl think she was? Her dismissal was making my tits harden, though. Or maybe it was just the cold lobby air.
"Yes, I do," I replied, trying to be assertive. "I never got one when I moved in."
"And you aren't supposed to. The main purpose of the badges is to make your major clear. But yours already is since you're dressed like a slut. Or I guessnot dressedlike a slut would be more accurate." The group of boys was listening in and started laughing, making me feel humiliated.That joke wasn't even good!"Anyway, you're obviously a sociology major, which is fine. I mean it's not fine, but hey it could be worse. You could be an economics major."
The boys solemnly agreed with the blonde's sentiment.
That's weird. Economics is one of the more dominant majors, containing decent amount of math and rigor. It wasn't the hardest, but it was close to a STEM major. It even outranked the finance and business majors. So why were the blonde girl and group of boys referring to it as though it was less than sociology?
"Economics majors are the lowest, no matter what the school says. Those bastards all follow Dr. Stab," one boy said.What kind of name is Dr. Stab?
The blonde continued. "In any case, badges are also used for some other things, like accessing meal plans, but you won't need it for that either."
"I never got a meal plan," I said.
She rolled her eyes. "Of course not. Sociology majors are not trusted enough to handle the intricacies of meal plan optimization, so they don't get to have one."
Meal plan optimization?That was a term I never thought I would hear. "What the heck is meal plan optimization?"
"Like I said, a slut like you shouldn't worry about it." I blushed. My hand started wandering to my pussy, but I stopped myself. It was partly her fault, with her little shower escapade, that I was flustered and in need of release to begin with, so I decided to not give her the satisfaction of making me rub one out. For some reason, perhaps it was the fact that she was also a slave, I felt the need to compete with her. "Then again, if you really want a badge, there is a special kind I can give to you."
"So, thereisa badge I can get! Why didn't you just start with that?" Then, passive aggressively, I added, "Maybe you're the dumb slut here..."
She simply shook her head. "Girl, I'm not the naked one with erect tits and a pussy red from arousal, who can't stop her hand from reaching between her legs." She gestured to my hands, which I did not even realize were stroking my crotch even after stopped myself. I quickly put my hands to the side, ashamed. The boys muttered something to each other, snickering. "Now do you want the badge or not?"
"Okay...," I said. I really hated this girl, and I couldn't figure out why.
"Good. Close your eyes."
"What, why?"
"Close your eyes, slut, or you won't get the badge." I gulped at her assertiveness, but my pussy leaked with the pleasure of domination. I closed my eyes. This blonde girl seemed more dominant than both Stacy and Andrea. Yet she was slave, which was a bizarre concept to me. "Now turn around. Slowly... Okay stop."
I heard her stand up and walk over to me. A few seconds later I felt a cold, slightly damp sensation on my upper back. "Okay, open your eyes."
I opened my eyes. The first thing I saw was the group of boys all sitting at the table. She had made me turn so that I was directly facing them. They all had their stupid dumbstruck faces aimed right at my chest. I turned to face the blonde and heard a sea of laughter behind me as soon as I did so.
"W-what did you do?" I asked, desperately.
"I gave you a badge. Don't worry, it's one that represents your identity."
"It's true, slut," one of the boys said.
Their dirty talk was so uninspired and bland. The blonde girl had already called me a slut like five times, so the word had basically lost all its meaning.
I saw a little wooden box on the front desk. Then I realized what happened. "You stamped the word 'slut' on my back, didn't you?"
"That's right, and it covers quite a large portion, I must say," the blonde said proudly. "It's perfect for a worthless whore like you."
That triggered something inside of me. I slammed my hands on the front desk. "Don't call me worthless."
I was surprised by my own anger.Where did that come from?I did not mind being called a lot of things - I enjoyed most dirty nicknames - but being called worthless was a step too far. I was not worthless, was I?
I am not worthless.
The blonde was taken aback by my sudden anger. She was about to retort, but my gaze struck some primal fear in her. "Okay, okay. I get it," she said. The lobby boys were amused by the situation but did not say anything after I glared at them.
***
I took some deep breaths on the way back upstairs, calming myself. I was surprised to see Stacy inside our room when I got back. She had been chatting with Andrea.
"Hello, Leah," she said.
"Oh, hi Stacy," I said. "And thanks for your help yesterday..."
She walked over to me and pinched my cheek. "Don't worry girl, you'll find a way to make it even." She walked to the doorway giving my ass a playful slap. Then she paused. "Why do you have a 'slut' stamp on your back?"
Now Andrea was curious. I showed the girls my back. "I went to get a badge, but apparently sociology majors aren't supposed to have badges, so the person at the front desk gave this stamp instead." Andrea placed a hand on my back, admiring the stamp.
Stacy had a pensive expression. "Say, Leah. Was it a blonde girl with frustratingly small tits that stamped you?"
"As a matter of fact, it was. Do you know her?" I replied.
"She's a psychology major named Rue." Stacy smiled. "She's a bitch, isn't she?"
The word worthless rang in my head, making my anger build. "Definitely," I said, with some spite in my voice.I need to calm down.
Andrea spoke up. "Well don't worry, it seems like this stamp will come off with a shower and a bit of scrubbing." I gave a small smile to Andrea and shifted in place, which was not lost on her. She gave me a concerned look as she put the pieces together. The look reminded me of my disappointed mother's face. "Leah, don't tell me..." I just looked at the floor. Andrea sighed. "You want to keep this stamp on, don't you?" I slowly nodded.
Stacy chuckled. "You really got lucky with this one, Andrea."
"I don't know. She's quite a handful," Andrea said.
I tried changing the subject, trying to forget about the stupid blonde girl and Andrea's reaction to my stamp. "Threesome. Right now. Stacy, you can stay right?"
Stacy shook her head. "Sorry, Leah. I was about to leave." I pouted. I was still on edge from the shower. "But if you're bored, you should check Andrea's desk drawers."
"Stacy!" Andrea said. "You weren't supposed to tell her about those." But Stacy was already gone. "Even she can be quite a handful at times... right Leah?" She looked around. "Leah?"
I was already rummaging through the desk drawers. I opened the top one and saw some vibrators and the blindfold from the shower. I checked the second drawer and saw a set of cuffs. I was practically drooling. Andrea pulled me away. "You're way too horny right now," Andrea said.
"You can fix that you know," I said, holding up the pair of cuffs.
"Not right now. We have to get breakfast." She swatted my hand, making me drop the cuffs back in the drawer.
"Don't be like that. Why did you bring these if you weren't going to use them?"
Andrea scowled playfully. "I didn't bring them. Stacy gave them to me as a gift... upon my request, but that's besides the point. More importantly, we don't have time. Let's go eat."
***
It took us five minutes to walk to the dining hall. We passed by the lobby on our way out. The blonde girl - Rue - wasn't there, but the lobby boys were.
One boy winked at my naked self. "Well. Look who it is-"
"Dude," another boy said, pointing to Andrea's red badge.
"Oh, shit." The boys turned away, minding their own business.
Yeah, that's right.I held my head high. Andrea gave me a puzzled look. I had not told her about the lobby boys yet.
Once we got outside, there were a lot more stares, since more people were awake now. There were very few people as naked as me, and the students who were naked did not have a slut stamp on their back, so I really stood out. I was the sluttiest girl on campus, as far as I knew.
It made me a bit proud.
No one got too close to us, though, since people backed off after seeing Andrea's badge. By being a math major, Andrea emitted a protective aura around me, making me feel safe.
Andrea, on the other hand, was not holding up very well. Her hands were shaking, and she walked slowly, looking frantically around at the people staring.
"Andrea, it'll be easier if you walk more confidently," I said. She was still nervous about being around me in public, I realized.
"I'm trying, okay?" Andrea replied.
"My appearance is normal here."
"I said I'm trying." But Andrea was still nervous. "And it would help if you stopped touching yourself in front of everyone."Crap. Once again, I did not realize where my hands were.
We passed through double doors to enter the dining hall. There were some people in front of us scanning their badges. A man, not a student but a university employee, operated the scanner with an expression that screamed 'I'm dead inside.'
"I just scan my badge, right?" Andrea asked as we approached the counter. The man nodded. "And she can come in as well?"
"No, you have to scan for her, too," the man said.
"Okay... but won't that use two meal swipes?" Andrea said skeptically.
"You're scanning for two people, so you use two swipes."
"But then I'll run out of swipes too quickly."
The man seemed just about done with life at this point. "You can upgrade to the unlimited swipes plan if you are worried about running out."
"But that plan is more expensive than if my slave - roommate - just got her own plan. Can't I just get the regular meal plan for both of us but make the swipes attached to my badge? That would be cheaper."
"No," the man said. "And you're holding up a line."
I looked around. There were some people waiting for us, seeming a bit irritated. I felt their eyes burning onto my 'slut' stamp, judging me and, by extension, Andrea. I tried tapping Andrea on the shoulder to let her know, but she pushed my hand away and snapped at the man.
"Andyou'reforcing me to buy the unlimited meal plan which is more expensive than two of the regular meal plans put together."
"I'm not forcing you to do anything! I just work here young lady. What the fuck do you want from me?" The man flinched. "Sorry for my language. But please, this is a college. Students are basically giant money bags for the university to shake up until graduation. That's just the way it goes."
"Andrea, please..." I started to say. "I can pay for my share of the unlimited plan."
"It's not about that," she replied. "Either way, we are getting scammed. You can pay, but then we are just dividing the scam between us."
Someone behind us muttered to their friend, "Math majors sure are stingy."
Andrea grimaced, finally realizing the scene she was making. She gave one last cold stare to the man before relenting, scanning her badge for me.
So... that just happened, I thought. I did not realize Andrea was so particular about money. I wished she were as dominant sexually as she was financially. I fantasized about the idea. My hands started wandering again. I stopped myself.This is not the place to be masturbating.Maybe Andrea was right about me being too horny.
The dining hall had average food. There was a place to get breakfast sandwiches, a pancake and waffle section, a salad bar, bagels, cereals, and some other stuff. It was basic, but it got the job done.
However, there was also chocolate croissant section. A whole section... dedicated to chocolate croissants. My eyes started twinkling.
I grabbed a plate and marched over. Before I could get one though, an employee grabbed my hand with his wrist.
"This section is for those with higher ranking badges," he said.
I stepped away disappointed. I supposed that made sense. Normal dining halls are usually terrible. For Dremeder University to have any decent food it must have had to limit its supply to only dominant majors.Or charge us more,I reasoned. I sadly backed away from the chocolate croissants.
I tried placing a breakfast sandwich on my plate, but once again the same employee grabbed my wrist.
"This section is for those with higher ranking badges," he said.
Okay, what? I can't even eat the basic food."What am I supposed to eat?" I asked. The employee pointed in a direction. I followed his hand.
The salad bar.
"I can only eat... at the salad bar?" I asked. The employee nodded. "Isn't it unhealthy to only eat salad?"
The man responded like a robot. "These are the breakfast options available to your major. There are other foods during lunch and dinner. If you have a medical exemption from the economics department, then you can eat from other sections."
The economics department?"What does the economics department have to do with anything?"
"Under Dr. Schtaivib, the economics department has been responsible for the recent changes in dining halls. Their work has enabled us to provide luxury goods. There is just a price that some people, such as yourself, must pay."
'Luxury goods' he said.No wonder people hated the economics department. I let out a 'humph' before preparing myself a salad.
I found a table and sat waiting for Andrea. I picked at my salad, sighing.
An odd sentence on the napkin container caught my eye. It read 'All slaves without clothing must wipe their seat after eating.' I wondered why that was before remembering that I was naked, and that my hand was already subconsciously stroking my slit. I felt a little bad for whoever would have to sit here after me, even if I wiped my fluids off the seat.
"There you are," Andrea said, taking her seat. She had a breakfast sandwich and hash brown, as well as some fruit. To be honest, her meal did not look that good either, but it was well-decorated compared to mine. "Is that all you're eating?" she asked.
"They only let me get food from the salad section, but I'm not really a major fan of... plants... so I didn't get that much."
Andrea's knuckles were white as she clutched her fork tightly. "Those people... they make me pay more than double for the meal plan and then don't even let you use the full dining hall."
I put my hand over hers, getting her to relax her grip. "Like I said, Andrea, I can pay for the extra cost."
"But that isn't the issue here. I don't mind paying for you, but the unlimited plan costs more than double the regular plan, but I can only get one plan so I have no choice but to get it, when it would just be cheaper to buy two regular plans. Plus, you aren't even able to use the full thing, so it's a huge waste from several angles."
"Well, when you put it that way..."
"It's totally dumb."
Now she had convinced me. "Yeah, itisdumb, isn't it? I heard the economics department is responsible for the changes."
Andrea nodded. "Yeah, Stacy was telling me about that. Everyone hates economics majors because of Dr. Stab. Well, his real name is Dr. Schta-something."
"Dr. Schtaivib," I said. "I wonder if its just the dining halls he's affected."
"Who cares," Andrea replied. "He sucks. Anyway, take some of my food." She put some of her hash brown on my plate. I took it gratefully.
We finished eating and I wiped my seat. On our way out, I could not help but look at the chocolate croissants. Andrea watched me, intrigued.
"Do you actually like croissants?" she asked.
"Do you not?"
"Croissants are disgusting." Okay, Andrea was a crazy woman.
"You're a crazy woman."
"Careful. Haven't you heard the expression? Don't bite the hand that gives you orgasms."
"Please, you've barely given me any orgasms."
She passed a finger along my chest and circled one of my nipples. I moaned as a shiver passed through my body. "Well then, why don't we fix that?" she said.
***
It was dark. I could not see past the blindfold's fabric and could only hear the rummaging of drawers. Anticipation labored my breaths, and with each one I could feel the collar against my neck. The frigid air hardened my exposed tits and felt like cold caresses all over my skin.
After breakfast, Andrea put me in the same position as my 'preparation' from last night: on my knees, which I had spread apart, and my hands behind my back, thrusting my chest forward.
I heard a whisper in my ear. "Do you have any idea how adorable your face is right now?"
She put a hand on my cheek, and I leaned my head into her touch. As I let out a moan, she slid two fingers into my mouth. My tongue enveloped them, and she pushed them deeper inside, almost making me gag.
Then she slid her fingers out and inserted them into my wet pussy. She curved her fingers, sending shockwaves through me.
As I moaned, she shoved something spherical into my mouth and fastened a strap around my head.A ball gag, I realized. I did not know how Andrea managed to fasten the strap with one hand while thrusting her fingers in and out of me, but I was not in a position to ask questions.
I was in a position to be pleasured.
Her thrusting stopped. My hands naturally left my back as I writhed in frustration. Andrea pushed them back into position, squeezing my arms together with one hand. I felt something metallic around my wrists and heard a click.The cuffs.
With my hands unable to move, I started closing my legs together to ease my teased pussy. Andrea tapped my knees with her foot, prompting me to sit still. Then I felt a similar metallic sensation on my knees, and two clicks.
"Go ahead, you insatiable slut. Try and cum." I tried closing my knees, knowing that my hands would not be able to move, but was surprised when my knees could not move either. "Ah, the spreader bar probably doesn't help you out," Andrea said. I whimpered through the gag. "But don't worry, I have a solution."
The sound of a vibrator reverberated through the air. Andrea placed it on my clit sending waves of pleasure through me. The vibrator was large enough that part of it was on my clit and part of it slightly entered my vagina. I was already in bliss when Andrea increased the vibration level, which put me in another dimension.
Not being able to see, speak, or move, meant that I was entirely focused on the vibrations. The vibrations were on my pussy, but they were strong enough that they pulsated to the surrounding area, including my inner thigh and stomach.
I had never felt this way before, since there was only one other person who had dominated me like this, many months ago, and my relationship with that person was very brief.
"Leah, make sure you ask for permission to cum." I tried yelling through the gag, begging for permission. "Hm... I can't hear you through the gag. If you can't ask for permission, then you won't be allowed to cum."
Andrea lowered the vibrations. My scream was muffled by the gag. Then, she lowered them again. Now the vibrations were just a low rumble. They felt good, but were not strong enough for me to cum.
"I have to go get something." Andrea said. "I'll be back in a few minutes... maybe. I would sit still if I were you. You don't want to knock the vibrator off your pussy. Who knows, maybe you'll be able to cum. I doubt it though."
It's not fair!I found myself repeating the shower thoughts I had earlier in the morning. Andrea must have learned that I like these unfair ploys and was now utilizing one.She learns quickly, I realized. The realization was almost enough to make me forget that I was once again being mercilessly left on the brink of orgasm.
Almost.
In fact, Andrea was gone for more than a few minutes. It must've been an hour when she finally returned.
"Okay, slut, I'm back. I hope you've been enjoying yourself." I mumbled something through the gag. "What was that? You don't want me to let you cum?" I started squirming. Andrea laughed. "I'm just kidding, Leah. I'll let you cum... if you're good."
How good do I have to be!?
She undid the gag. "Please, Miss. It's been over an hour, and I really need release. I'm begging you, let your toy-"
Andrea interrupted me with a light slap on my tits. "Leah, it has been twenty minutes." That shut me up quickly. It had not felt like twenty minutes.
"Please..."
"If you want to stop everything, you just have to say so, and then you can masturbate on your own. Or you could trust that I will deliver you pleasure." I was silent. "Do you trust me, Leah?"
"...Yes, Mistress."
She stood over me, with her legs at my side and her pussy near my nose. She prompted me to start licking. After a few minutes Andrea came to a rippling orgasm, leaving her fluids smeared on my face. She rubbed a hand over my face and spread the juices over my chest.
Andrea checked on my pussy, which at this point was soaked. She removed the vibrator. I fought the urge to complain.I trust her. She put one finger slowly inside my hole and brought it to my mouth.
"How do you taste?"
"Good, Mistress."
Without warning she shoved three fingers inside my pussy and started thrusting as fast as she could.
I screamed.
Each thrust went deeper than the last until I was brought to orgasm. But Andrea kept going. After several minutes, I lost track of how many times I came.
"Oh wow, Miss," I said, huffing. "That was so good."
"I can see that," Andrea replied. "Open up. I have a gift for you."
Still blindfolded, I opened my mouth, unsure what she was going to do. She placed a small, soft piece of something on my tongue.
"You can eat it."
I chewed on it and swallowed. "Miss, is this..."
"A chocolate croissant, yes," Andrea said. "I went back to the dining hall and got it for you." She put another bite in my mouth.Delicious. "Now, wasn't the wait worth it?" She watched me savor the bite. "I still can't believe you like croissants."
"Miss, you're a crazy woman." I opened my mouth for another bite, which she promptly gave me.
"Yeah yeah. I had to use another swipe to get that, just so you know."
"You know, Miss, I've been thinking about meal plan optimization, and I have an idea."
"What is meal plan optimization?"
"I don't know, but I've been thinking about it. You can just keep the regular meal plan. Then, when you run out, you can just get another regular meal plan. That strategy is cheaper than getting the unlimited plan, isn't it?"
"Not a bad idea. I've thought of a better one though." She gave me another bite as she explained. "The dining hall has 'to go' boxes, which are large enough to fit two meals. So, with one meal swipe I can just use the box to stuff two meals in the box and bring it back to the room for you and me to eat. With this, we can use one regular meal plan for both of us. And you can eat actual food. I even brought our lunch for today already."
I became concerned. "Andrea, are you just ashamed of eating with me in public because I have to be naked?"
"N-no, of course not!" I made a skeptical face. "I am serious. And I will prove it to you. We are going out for dinner with Stacy and her slave. The restaurant is on campus, so you will still have to be in your... attire."
Dinner with Stacy and her slave? The thought was exciting. I wondered what her slave was like, if she was nice like Stacy, or anything like me. Andrea must have planned this dinner with Stacy earlier in the morning, while Rue was giving me my 'slut' stamp.
When I finished the croissant, Andrea undid my restraints and took off my blindfold.
***
I had been dying from anticipation.
Andrea had made me take another shower after our session. She had joined me, mainly so that she could scrub off my 'slut' stamp. I resisted at first, but eventually let her scrub me.
We had then focused on our separate work. Andrea apparently had some homework to do even before the first day of classes. I just looked over my schedule and made a note of what all the buildings and room numbers were for each of my classes.
At some point, we had eaten the lunch from Andrea's 'to go' box, and then had gone back to work. After a few hours, I was feeling extremely prepared for tomorrow's first day of classes.
"Leah," Andrea said. "It's time."
And we went to dinner.
***
Tusl's Tongue was a dimly lit restaurant. Because it was on campus, I was still required to be naked, with only my collar and a pair of heels on.
"We have a reservation for four," Andrea told the hostess.
The hostess brought us to a booth. Andrea made me slide in first, claiming that it would be easier to eat since she is left-handed. But we could have just sat on the other side, which made me worried that she just wanted to hide me away.
Stacy and her slave had not yet arrived.
I admired Tusl's décor. It was fancy for a college restaurant. I had expected a sports bar type of place, but instead there were candles at every table and romantic paintings around the walls. Shiny lanterns illuminated the bright glass on the ceiling, and there was no TV screen in sight.
"I'm going to go to the bathroom," Andrea said, excusing herself.
Thus, I was left alone at the table, with my thoughts to keep me company.
I watched the candle flame flicker freely on the table. Fire cannot be inhibited. One can bind it to a candle, but it will always be free.The freedom to be bound; it is still freedom. But if one covers a candle with a glass, the fire will consume all the remaining oxygen in the container and eventually suffocate to death. I felt my stomach churn.I am probably just hungry.
An irritating, high-pitched voice snapped me back to reality. "Well, if it isn't the worthless whore."
Ugh.
I looked away from the candle at the annoying blonde girl, the one who had teased me in the shower and given me my 'slut' stamp. Stacy had told me her name was Rue.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" I spat.
Rue sat next to me, making me scoot further inside the booth. She leaned into my ear as I tried pulling away, trapped by the wall. "I was about to ask you that. Why is a worthless slut sitting at my table?"
I said through gritted teeth, "Don't call me worthless." I gave her the same scary gaze from earlier. It didn't seem to work this time, however.
Rue just laughed in my face. I kept glaring at her. She was dolled up, wearing heavy makeup and a black dress that was too tight to be classy. She also had her green badge and collar.
I tried to threaten her. "This ismytable. I'm eating dinner with my friends. One of them is a math major, so I would advise you to walk away."
Recognition appeared on her face. "You'rethe math major's slave? You've got to be kidding me. I guess it makes sense though, the most dominant major should own the most worthless one."
At this point, she was clearly using the word 'worthless' because she knew it was grinding my gears. "Don't you have a table to eat at? Why are you even here?"
"My owner and I are eating dinner with you and your owner."
I blinked.Rue is Stacy's slave? And here I was hoping her slave would be nice. Stacy is too good for her.
I grumbled something incoherent. Rue continued being obnoxious. "Now then, Stacy went to the bathroom, so I am in charge for now. Why don't you give my heels a bit of love?"
She lifted her foot on the seat.
"No," I said.
She furrowed her brows. "What do you mean, 'No?' You, as a sociology major, have to listen to any command that isn't harmful and doesn't interfere with classes. And I believe I gave you a command. Now bend over and start licking."
"No."
Rue was about to say something, but a male voice interjected. "Do you guys want to start with anything to drink, or...?"
Rue quickly put her foot back down. "I'll... I'll just have w-water," she stammered.
"Me too," I said.
The waiter nodded and left to get water. It seemed like he was used to scenes like this, so he didn't judge us at all. But Rue was visibly shaking from embarrassment.
Good.
Rue sat on the other side of the table looking down at her menu. I was surprised at how quickly Rue went from in control to completely embarrassed. At first, I relished in the fact that I had won against her. But then our silence became awkward, and I almost felt bad for the blonde. She was more weak-willed than I had initially thought.
After a few more silent minutes, Stacy and Andrea returned from the bathroom together. Andrea was looking oddly satisfied, with a dreamlike smile. Stacy was wearing her red dress and her blue badge.
"You must be Rue," Andrea said. "I'm Andrea, and this is Leah, although I suppose you just met her."
Rue meekly nodded. Stacy sat next to her, rubbing the top of her head. "This naughty girl is the one who gave Leah the stamp."
"Really?" Andrea replied. "She's the one who was at the front desk? That stamp took forever to scrub off..."
"Sorry..." Rue said. I fought to contain my snicker.Where did all that confidence go, huh?
"Now now, Rue," Stacy said. "That's not the proper way to apologize to your superiors."
Rue's lips quivered. "What would you like me to do, Mistress?" she asked Stacy.
Stacy whispered something in her ear. Rue looked shocked, and then defeated. Without a word, she went underneath the table and crawled over to Andrea. Andrea widened her eyes. I let out a singular, cathartic, evil laugh, glad that Rue was receiving comeuppance.
Rue crawled closer, so that she was between Andrea's legs.
Stacy explained Rue's punishment. "She will only eat what you give her from your meal. Additionally, you may use her how you like during this dinner."
Andrea looked down at the blonde girl between her legs. Rue craned her neck up, but there was a light right above Andrea, so she had to squint. She looked pathetic like that. The sight of her being reduced to a powerless toy was turning me on.
I could not wait for her ordeal. My pussy started leaking, and a hand travelled to my slit.
Andrea's hands trembled slightly. She clenched and unclenched them. Rue let out a sad whimper, unsure what Andrea was going to do with her. I saw Andrea's eyes soften, before she said, "Stacy. I'm sorry, but I do not like taking advantage of people like this. I have no interest in using her."
Damnit Andrea!I thought.You can never get it right, you stupid Mistress. You stupid, weak Mistress.
"Oh? That's too bad," Stacy said. "Rue, you'll have to deliver your apology to Leah then. It was her you stamped, after all."
Rue backed away from Andrea and slowly crawled over to me. I started smiling.Was this a dream? Perhaps the universe did have some sort of cosmic justice.
I looked down and glared wickedly at Rue. I got a good, long look at her round face, her quivering lips, and her soft eyes.
The things I could have done to this girl: I could have given her no food, made her get me off, slapped her face, her tits, made her worship my feet, forced her to strip naked, made her masturbate under the table and clean her own juices.
I could have made her do anything. And I was wicked enough to do anything. In that state, I was prepared to make her suffer. I wanted the universe to serve justice. I wanted to teach Rue a lesson for calling me worthless.
And I was about to do it, when I locked eyes with Andrea.
Andrea's demonic eyes weighed down on me.
At that moment, there were no words exchanged between my Mistress and I, but I learned something important about her. Andrea - my owner - was an inherently dominant person. I would later learn that she was more dominant than I could have imagined at the time. She did not use Rue, not because she lacked the ability to dominate, but because she possessed the ability to control her desire. She was not weak, not even a tiny bit.
On the contrary, Andrea was one of the strongest people I knew.
And locking eyes with Andrea then, with my dumb smile on my dumb face, I suddenly realized how childish my desires were. I looked at the candle flame, seeing it flicker wildly, and felt, with my next breath, the evils inside me vanish.
"I'm sorry, Stacy," I said. "I also have no interest in using her."
Rue parted her lips in surprise. I could not believe what I had just done. However, looking at Andrea's relieved face made me confident that I had done the right thing.
"You two are sweet," Stacy said. "Rue, you can sit normally if you want."
But Rue did not move. Instead, she nuzzled my leg, tickling me with her breaths. "Mistress Leah."
"Y-yes?" I said, completely caught off guard. I was not used to being called Mistress. It was like hearing my own voice in a recording. I recognized it, but it felt foreign coming from someone else. It helped me understand why Andrea felt weird when I first called her that.
"Please punish me."
I looked at Andrea, not sure what to do. She was just as confused as I was.
Stacy gave us a knowing smile and a shrug. "She likes being punished," she said.
I looked down at the girl trembling beneath me. "Is that... true?" I asked.
Rue kissed my leg in response. I shuddered.
I had severely misunderstood her. She was genuinely annoying, but apparently, she only acted like a brat so that she could be punished. But why would she try to make me punish her, considering I'm in a less dominant major? It made no sense.
The waiter returned and took our orders. Of course, he did not take Rue's, who I realized was still waiting for my commands.
This is really not my field.Sure, I knew a lot of stuff that could order Rue to do, but I was naturally submissive, so being in control was not something I was used to.
"Why don't you give my heels some love?" I said. I figured that since she had asked me to do the same thing earlier, she must enjoy that type of thing.
"Yes, Mistress Leah," Rue said.
She lowered her head onto my heels and started licking them. I also made her massage my feet. I wasn't really into it though. I would have preferred to be in her position.
When she took my foot in her mouth I jabbed my legs forward slightly, causing my toes to go deeper into her, forcing out a gag from her. "Strip," I said.
Rue hesitated for a couple of seconds, but Stacy tapped her from behind with her foot, encouraging her to comply. Rue removed her dress awkwardly from under the table and revealed that she was not wearing anything underneath. She handed her dress and green badge to Stacy.
I then pulled her head into my crotch so she could pleasure me while I listened to Andrea and Stacy.
"Have you been to the dining halls yet?" Stacy asked.
"Yes, and you were right. They suck," Andrea replied.
"Right? Ever since the economics department gained power things have been run into the dirt. Or so I'm told anyway." Stacy had only been at Dremeder for one semester longer than Andrea and me.
Rue grumbled something between my legs, trying to say something about economics majors. I silenced her by pushing her deeper inside me. Now my juices were all over her face and I was getting close to climaxing.
"Did you know that economics used to be the same level as sociology?" Stacy asked.
"No way," Andrea said.
"I didn't believe it at first either, but economics is technically a social science, like sociology. Years ago, economics had very little math, but slowly the economics department has been implementing more statistical analysis concepts. They've been appealing to the administration to get their status increased, and it has been working. Now they are almost entering the 'very dominant' category. As in, economics majors will get red badges soon, like the one you have."
I was only half processing Stacy's words, more focused on my impending orgasm.
Then Rue spoke up. "Economics isalreadyin the same category as math. The department just got its status promoted yesterday." I squirmed. By speaking, Rue had pushed her head away and denied me release.
"Stupid slut," I declared. "I was this close!" I held two fingers close together to show how close I was to cumming.
"S-sorry, Mistress Leah." Rue prompted got back to pleasuring me.
"No, that isn't going to cut it." I pushed her head away. "Get up."
"W-what?"
"Stand next to the table," I clarified.
"I-" Stacy cut Rue off with a tap of her foot. "Yes, Mistress."
She crawled out the side of the table and stood next to it. People from the surrounding tables ogled at her naked body. She tried covering herself with her hands, but I told her to put them to the side.
"Now, declare that you are a stupid slut who loves to be punished." I thought about making her call herself worthless, but that would have hurt me more than her.
"I'm... a stupid slut... who loves to be punished..." Her voice was too quiet for any other tables to hear.
I was about to admonish her, but Stacy beat me to it. "You call that a declaration?" she said.
Rue stiffened. "I'm a stupid slut who loves to be punished." She was clearer this time and the people surrounding us took notice, interested. Stacy shook her head. That still was not good enough. "I'm a stupid slut who loves to be punished!" Rue repeated, loudly this time.
Now most people in the restaurant looked at her. Some laughed. Others just went right back to their conversations. Some had slaves of their own to tend to. Either way, Rue's cheeks were bright red from humiliation.
Andrea seemed wary of the extra attention but did not say anything.
Stacy commented on my work. "Not bad, Leah. But you know, this isn't really a punishment for her. You see, Rue loves humiliation. I mean, look at her pussy right now. It's practically a faucet." Rue tried to cover her pussy, but Stacy slapped her hands away. "If you really want to punish her, you have to do it with pain."
Now Andrea got involved. "With all due respect, Stacy," she said. "If she loves being punished, then any punishment is not a punishment. Ironically, the only way to punish her, would be to not punish her."
"Don't be like that, Andrea," I said. "You just don't want her to bring more attention to our table." Andrea didn't deny my statement. "Relax. No one is going to judge you here." I pointed around the restaurant and showed Andrea that no one was really paying attention anymore.
The waiter returned with our food. He carefully walked around Rue and placed the three dishes in front of us before leaving us alone.
I told Rue to get over my lap. She climbed over Andrea's lap to get to mine. I made her flip around so that her head was near Andrea and her ass was on my knees. I rubbed her cheeks and slid my hand to her pussy. Then I lifted my hand and spanked her harshly.
Rue nearly screamed. Andrea noticed and placed a handkerchief in her mouth to suppress her noises. Stacy just watched with an amused smile while she worked on her salmon.
I spanked Rue again, in the same spot, but harder this time. Her legs involuntarily flexed, so I held them down. Then, I spanked her in the same spot again, forming a red handprint.
I repeated this process in several spots, until her entire ass was red. By the end, she was a whimpering and sweaty submissive. I made her get back under the table so I could eat my food.
I had a light dish, just some chicken that came with a creamy soup. I finished the chicken and some of the soup, before feeding the rest to Rue. I watched her savor the taste.
Once the soup was finished, I made her lick my pussy again. This time, however, I held her head close to my crotch the whole time. If she stopped licking for even a second, I closed my knees around her head, burying her into me. Eventually I came hard while holding her head in place.
I told Rue that her punishment was complete, and she was allowed to sit on the seat next to Stacy. She was not allowed to wear her dress or wipe my juices off her face. She would have to walk back to the dorm naked and humiliated.
I realized that by being dominated by a lower ranking major added to the humiliation, and since Rue liked humiliation, that fact explained why she specifically tried to annoy me.
After the meal, Andrea and Stacy split the bill. Stacy paid for her food, and Andrea paid for hers and mine (which, I suppose, also included Rue's).
The four of us walked back to the dorm together, Rue and I were both naked. We said goodnight, and prepared for the first day of classes, which would be tomorrow.
***
I appreciate feedback.