I had a good breakfast and with hardly a thought about Susan and whatever she was doing, I was at my new desk by eight thirty. There were just eight of us. Five guys and three girls. The 'girls' were all pretty good but one of them must have been in her early forties, smartly dressed in a short-skirted business suit, and really attractive, while the two younger 'girls' were late teens or early twenties. There was an older man in a suit, who had to be in his fifties and four of us about the same age in the early twenties.
We were all a good fifteen minutes early which I felt was a good sign. I was determined to get some real work in and learn a lot and I felt punctuality meant that we all felt the same. We had time to introduce ourselves and talk a little about why we were there. The older man, Arthur, was a Director of a smallish Estate Agent and wanted to come away from selling houses and specialise in Management. He would prove to be invaluable when we had lessons on Estate Agency. He knew far more about the practical side than the teacher. He might as well have let him take the lessons. He did end up doing a lot of the talking. Barbara the older lady in the smart suit owned a half a dozen buy-to-let houses which she had bought at auction, supervised the reconstruction and then rented out. She was particularly interested in employing someone to work with her to help manage her houses. I could see that she was assessing us all as potential employees.
I realised I was going to have a problem. What would I tell them? I manage half a dozen bawdy houses. I am in the Porn industry. I know more about sex than management. I decided to tell them that I was a junior version of Barbara, that I owned a couple of houses on big mortgages and need knowledge to look after them. My fiancée was the construction supervisor and was managing a third, fitting it out while I was away. I noticed Barbara looking at me as a snake must look at a dormouse. Hungry. I had moved to the top of her want list. The other two girls, Steph and Cheryl and the three guys, Arran, Raul and Sujit were all out of work and looking for a skill set to get a job. They looked at Barbara like she looked at me.
The day was unexceptional. There was a canteen for lunch and that first day's education was merely an itinerary for the rest of the four weeks plus information on homework, more text books and information on where we could get photocopying and the like. We four 'lads' had a quick drink after Barbara, the girls and Arthur all declined with other things to do. Barbara was very apologetic and really wanted to join us but had to go and meet a tenant with problems. One of her houses was not too far away.
I had a bite to eat in the hotel bar and retired to bed again with my lap-top. It was a quiet night in VSX land, Emily and Graham were screwing on the sofa, Patsy and Louis had family round. I assumed they were family as they looked a lot like Louis. Janet and Dave were busy setting up their lounge as a party room. Whips and handcuffs were replacing the paintings on the wall. The dining table that I had eaten at was having straps and tethers attached to the legs. Somewhere they had stored a sort of St Andrews Cross, which looked like a heavy wooden structure, again with tethers attached. It took pride of place where the television had been. Susan was chatting on the phone to her Mum. Melissa and Bryony were chatting with Tracy over coffees, not a glass of wine in sight. I did not expect a three-way lesbian orgy to break out.
I read the notes we had been given and looked at the text books while I waited for Susan to come off the phone. Next time I looked she was fast asleep on the sofa and I was reluctant to wake her so went to sleep myself.
Morning came and I texted Susan with the message that I had waited until she stopped talking to her Mum but I didn't like to wake her up to call. I sent my love and told her I would speak to her tonight.
I got to my class and found Barbara already there. She asked about our trip to the pub and I told her that it had not been exactly exciting so I had gone back for dinner on my own at the Midland Hotel. It transpired that she too was staying there. We had obviously just missed each other at breakfast. We arranged to go for a glass of wine that night, and would ask the others if they wanted to join us.
A good day's studying. Basic accounts. Not too basic in my case. I was coming almost from scratch. There was homework. I think most of the guys were a bit shocked. While I cannot say I was pleased, I was able to accept that the course was a serious one. I was definitely going to learn things.
We rearranged the drink to eight thirty. I had pleaded that I needed to talk to my fiancee and wanted to do the homework. There was a vague agreement to meet later in the El Pirata Wine Bar a couple of doors along from the hotel. Arthur was also staying at the Midland.
I spoke to Susan and ribbed her about 'seven in heaven'. She claimed that she could feel that I was watching her. I teased her that I was now over twenty-four hours without sex and she owed me one. She claimed to be surprised that I hadn't fucked the teacher,it must have been a man. I laughed and agreed that yes it was a man. I described the three girls on the course, possibly a little defensively, as they were all good looking, even, in fact especially, Barbara. She made me promise to take some photos with my phone and send them on to her. I did tell her that I may be meeting them later for a quick glass of wine. She made me promise, again. To give her all the dirty details tomorrow night, and then added that of course she trusted me, but wouldn't be entirely surprised if I fucked one, or even all of them.
'Watch out for that Barbara,' she said. 'She sounds like a maneater. Send me a photo.'
I agreed to do so and make my apologies that I had to leave and go and get that glass of wine.
I was not the first there. Arthur was sitting at a table alongside the bar. He had changed from his suit into a jacket and tie. Very casual. He had a bottle of white wine so I joined him. Steph and Cheryl were next in and were obviously going dancing. They wore sparkly t-shirts and miniskirts and I hoped that I was not going to last the month without fucking them. Barbara was next, and last, and made a bit of an entrance with a kaftan style dress, split at the front, almost up to her crotch. I wished that we were on bar-stools and not at a table. I could not help notice her legs. Hell, the dress was designed to show off her legs. I thought about the photos I had promised. The last thing I needed was a full frontal one with a lot of leg showing. Susan would be on the next train up.
I stood up to get another bottle of wine and took a couple of surreptitious photos with my phone. I got back with the bottle, was about to top up all the glasses when Cheryl stopped me and said that sorry, but they had to leave. They were meeting someone. They duly left so I just topped up the three of us.
'Do you mind if I take a photo?' I said. I have promised Susan a picture of my colleagues. Maybe just to prove I am at a seminar,' I joked.
'In fact, I will take another in the classroom tomorrow. That should be proof enough.'
I suspected by now that I was making heavy weather of this photo now but it was too late. I was committed.
I took a photo of the two of them, raising a glass. 'Thank you.'
I saw Barbara raise a finger towards the bar and within seconds the barman was standing there in front of us. She was that sort of lady.
'Would you mind taking a photo of the three of us please, Ramon?' she said handing him my phone.
I was impressed, she knew his name. She must have been in here yesterday. She was in the middle of course and I suspected, a little closer to me than Arthur. Well put it this way, she couldn't have got any closer to me. He went to hand the camera back to her.
'Just one more please, Ramon. Stand up guys, over here against the wall. Again she was in the middle and with her right leg forward in front of me I suspected that she was showing a lot of thigh. As it was my camera. I would find out exactly how much thigh later I thought.
'Thank you, Ramon.' He returned the phone to her and she turned it on and input something before handing it back.
'There I have put my number it in for you so when you are sending the photos to your fiancee, did you say Susan?, you can send them to me as well.'
'Of course,' I said. There it was under B. Barbara Burton. I idly checked the photos. What a lot of leg. I might not send that one to Susan.
I sent the photos back to her and heard the buzz of her phone in her handbag as they arrived.
She bought the next bottle and even Arthur began to mellow. He took his tie off so he must have felt very relaxed.
We finished the bottle, Arthur made his excuses and just when I was beginning to wonder what I should do, or maybe actually how I should go about it, Barbara also started her goodbyes. I was very surprised, and not a little disappointed. I had already forgotten any vows of moral rectitude. We all strolled back together and said our goodnights in the lift. We were all on different floors. I wondered whether they had a Ladies floor, a men's floor and an old farts floor. I had consumed at least one bottle of wine. Back in my room I checked the lap-top to see no sign of Susan, neither in our flat nor any of the others. I wondered whether Gordon had invited her round. I sent her the picture of the three of us at the table and she came straight back with the comment. 'I thought you said she was an older woman? Or was that one of the two other girls?'
I emojied her a wink and said 'Where are you?'
'Mum's, do you need me?'
'No. Homework and bed. XXX'
Not entirely true. The homework was done so I spent half an hour alternating between watching Sandra and Alice making out on the bed and the party at Janet and Dave's. It was not really my sort of party but there were about ten people there, and Janet was the 'centre' of attention as she was tied face down onto the St Andrews Cross and being paddled. David, as I must call him at the moment, was manacled and being used as a footstool by one of the other guys. I watched for a bit longer as Janet was duly turned around and had her tits flogged while one of the other girls was kneeling in front of her eating her pussy. There were couples spanking each other, or fornicating all over the lounge. I guess it was a good party. I saw David having a cock stuffed in his mouth before I had enough and turned back to see whether Alice or Sandra was on top. Sandra. I fell asleep.
The next days were busy. More homework as well. I did have time to take a photo of all eight of us on that first Wednesday and included a teacher. Steph was looking particularly hungover. A good time to take a photo to send Susan I thought.
The week sped by. Arran and Raul were not going home for the weekend and tried to invite us all for a drink on the Friday night. I think they were surprised that we were all going home. I managed to get away soon after four o'clock and was home by nine.
Susan was ready for me laying on the bed legs akimbo. She was so wet I wondered whether she had been using the tube of lube we keep by the bed. I don't think she had because she was really horny. She came three times before I came once and I was damn ready I can tell you. I just had time to ask her about the weekend. More importantly Saturday evening. Did we have any plans?
She gave me a strange look and said I hope you are up for it. We have been invited round to the 'the girls flat' as we called Sam and Bryony's for a small intimate party. That was their word intimate. They made me promise not to let you come more than twice tonight and tomorrow morning.
I laughed, 'in that case dear I had better do my homework tomorrow morning. I have to do a trial balance. That will keep your hands off me.'
I slept and dreamed of the following night.
I was a good boy and did my homework. My trial balance balanced. All was well with the world. I had a brief word with Darren to hear that there was nothing new happening and that Art was in Corfu. It's alright for some I thought. Here I am slaving away ...!
It was about nine before we strolled round to the girl's flat. Susan and I had visited a local Tapas bar, had a nice meal and a bottle of white rioja. I was looking forward to a quiet evening cuddling up to three of my favourite girls, and Susan.
Over dinner there had been a small lull in the conversation and she said, 'You know I love you, don't you.'
That of course immediately worried me. Had I done something wrong that I was about to receive a roasting? My second thought was that she was going to make an admission and be sorry for some infidelity. Should I pretend to get upset or laugh it off as a frivolity?
'Of course. And you know I love you too don't you?'
Get in first I thought. 'You know I have been a good boy while I have been away don't you. I have not touched a girl. Not a kiss, not a peck on the cheek nor even a hand on an arm. I really have been good.'
'You silly boy. You knew you didn't have to be good. I know what happens on these seminars. You are bound to succumb sooner or later. Just make sure I know about it. And make sure you know who you are coming home to.'
Wow I thought. She really did mean it.
'But that brings me round to what I wanted to say.'
This may be important I thought. She has a new boy-friend. She hasn't just fucked Gordon or Jim. She has found someone else she prefers to me.
I started to speak. 'But Susan...'
'Wait this won't take a second. We have all missed you this week. You will be surprised how much they have all missed you. The girls that is. And Tracy and Jo, and those are only the ones I know about. You are quite the Alpha pack leader round here. You do realise that don't you. It only came to me that that is what you are after talking to the girls and watching an animal programme about wolves. Anyway, they all expect to fuck you tonight, so I may well be taking a back seat, or even go home early. I have told them that you can't possibly fuck all of them, but you have to know that whatever you do tonight is okay with me.'
She sat back, as did I. Both of us, I believe, emotionally drained.
I grasped her hand, 'Look I know I have never asked you, but I should tell you that I have been describing you as my fiancée all week. Is that alright?
She looked at me strangely. 'Are you...?'
'Yes, I think I am. Will you marry me?' I went down on one knee beside the table. 'I suppose I should have asked your dad first?'
She screamed, 'Yes, of course I will.' and smothered me in kisses.
The whole restaurant broke out into applause and I felt so foolish.
The waitress brought a couple of glasses of cava on the house.
I thought I had stopped her talking. She appeared speechless, but no.
'They will still expect you to fuck them tonight, and it's still fine. But I will expect you to be mine tomorrow morning before you go back to Manchester.'
I kissed her happily. Wow. The next stage of my life had just crept up on me.
We arrived at the second floor flat to screams as we banged on the door.
'Congratulations,'
'At last.'
'Well done. Have you got a ring?'
I looked at Susan. 'How on earth...?
'I texted Bryony as we were walking down the street. I just said 'My fiancee and I are running ten minutes late. I guess they assumed...?'
We laughed.
'But don't worry girls he is still all yours tonight.'
More screams as they jumped on both of us and kissed us. We were still in the hall when I realised that I was also being kissed by Tracy and Joanne. And then someone was shaking my hand. I looked round,
'Stan, how are you? Lovely to see you. How did you get away?'
'The wife is at her sister's. So I took the opportunity of seeing a bit more of my daughter,' he chuckled. I hope you don't mind the girls inviting me round for your party.'
I looked over at Tracy who was wearing a loose vest that came down just to her waist, but also had large wide armholes that also came nearly down to her waist. I had seen her in this sort of tabard before. She knew it was one of my favourite looks. Her tits were almost always on show. Add that to a miniskirt and stockings and what can go wrong.
'When you said you took the opportunity of seeing a bit more of Tracy can I assume you meant more than you are seeing now.'
We both laughed as he said, 'Well I suspect I will before the evening is out. I don't see so much of her in either sense now she has moved into the flat. Anyway, I know you will see more of her. She hasn't stopped talking about you. I am really not sure I should be here, it is very much your evening. Particularly now you have just got engaged. I have told Tracy to send me home if I get in the way. If you don't mind, I will just go and congratulate Susan as well.'
He winked and sidled off to give Susan a big kiss as he groped her bottom. I could see her fingers wander over the front of his trousers. He's a nice old pervert.
I soon had a drink in my hand and a gaggle of girls around me. As my glass was topped up for the second or third time, I heard a ringing noise as Melissa tapped her glass with a fork. Oh no I thought. I hoped they didn't want me to make a speech.
'Alex, we know that you are definitely practising to be a pervert, and that Stan here, your mentor, is no doubt showing you the ropes, so we are going to have a little game, that we think you will like. If you two would like to sit there on the sofa we will be back in a minute. Follow me girls.'
They trouped off to the bedroom. Susan looked as surprised as Stan and I so I guess they were taking the opportunity to fill her in on what was happening. Whatever it was, if I was going to enjoy it, then she would.
A few minutes later they all trooped back in single file and stood in front of us facing away, towards the blank wall where the tv hung. I had seen that they all wore stockings or tights under mini-skirts. I expected them to be stockings. They knew what I liked and it was still only Autumn and quite warm. Even before they started to raise their skirts, I was admiring their form. While Tracy probably had the most flesh showing, none of them were exactly well covered. Melissa and Sam both had very short crop tops. If they raised their arms above their heads, I am sure that their breasts would be uncovered. Susan had a fairly see-though green blouse, which looked delightful under her red hair. Jo had a pink blouse on, which I noticed was now flapping completely open at the front showing that in common with all the other girls she was not wearing a bra. Bryony was covering her big D tits with a man's white shirt open but knotted under them, accentuating their size.
They slowly pulled up their skirts as if choreographed. What a delightful sight. Slowly, slowly. Stocking, stocking, that first glimpse of the lacy dark band at the top and then suspender straps and flesh. Yes and then the panties. Thongs, bikini, brazilian, french, boyshorts, I love them all.
They stood there immobile for a couple of minutes while Stan and I sat in silence enjoying the view. They lowered their skirts and without a single word trooped off to the bedroom. Stan and I naturally applauded and shouted for more. A couple of minutes later they came back in and Melissa, in the lead, gave me six pairs of panties.
'Now don't let me down Alex. I have a small bet that you will be able to get every one right. Which one is which. You will also get a prize for every one you get right.'
That was so easy. Or maybe I just am a pervert. I wrinkled my brow as if concentrating. I sniffed them all is if that would tell me and held up the green ones towards Susan. Easy they had matched her blouse. She collected them.
'One,' they all chanted.
'Well of course I know the aroma of my fiancée.' I said to laughter.
I sniffed and held up the white broderie anglais ones towards Bryony. Easy the contrast of the white against her coal-black skin.
'Two.'
I sniffed the pink ones twice as if unsure and offered them to Jo. Again, they had matched her blouse.
'Three.'
That left me a light blue pair and two pairs of black.
The blue ones were really expensive, good quality. Melissa worked in a lingerie shop. Too easy, even if I hadn't remembered the sight of her encased bottom. I sniffed them. Looked at Sam as a decoy and gave them to Melissa.
'Four,' they all laughed at my antics.
So that just left two pairs and both black. I held them out as if to examine them. I checked them for stains, much to the embarrassment of Tracy and Sam. I looked at them both and mused,
'Now two pairs Tracy and Sam. Both black. Both the same small size. Both thongs, and I only saw the back? Hmmm. One tiny front, one almost completely see-through.'
I knew because there was a very small label on the see-through pair that I had spotted at the top of Tracy's crack.
I held them up, being careful to hold them facing the wrong girl while I mused for a moment more.
I sniffed them again, crossed my arms and offered the tiny ones to Sam and the see-through ones to Tracy. Tracy was never going to be wearing anything other than slutty with that outfit.
The girls cheered and called 'Six.'
'I knew he would,' said Melissa.
'Pervert,' said Susan.
I shook hands with my mentor. 'He has trained me well,' I said to more applause.
'What's my prize?' I asked.
'Well,' laughed Melissa,' Susan so much enjoyed the last little game we held...'
I could see Susan puzzling, trying to remember a game and what the prizes had been.
'That we thought it only right that we offer the same prize for this game. Is that okay Susan?'
'I guess so. Of course. It sounds fair,' said Susan. 'I am trying to remember the game though.'
'Seven in Heaven,' said Melissa. You remember Tim, don't you Susan.'
Susan went red. God I loved that girl. I was glad for her that she had told me about it. Or actually that I had let her know I had seen it all. I must have a quick word with Melissa however about telling tales on people.
'Your prize is seven minutes in the bathroom for every one you got right. Susan was first. You can take her in there and see whether she is that red all over.' Everyone but Susan laughed.
I grabbed her arm and moved her to the bathroom where I enveloped her in my arms.
'You know everything that happened,' she said. 'Melissa is just making me feel bad. I wasn't bad, really.'
'Hey,' I said. 'I know exactly what happened and you know I have no problems with that. And listen, even if I hadn't known I would have trusted you, and anyway you have offered me to the girls tonight. That has to be a lot worse for you. And you can still change your mind if you want. You can just tell them that Melissa blew it for them. Cos', let's face it, that's what you did. Blew it. Right.'
She smiled at last. 'That's right. I blew it. She blew it.'
I was cursing my stupidity even suggesting that I might not get to play with the girls.
'But no, I cannot do that to all the other girls. I will tell Melissa that she might have blown it for herself.'
'I have a better idea,' I said. 'Why don't I tell her that I have restricted her to a blow job. That way you don't look to be upset with her joke, which by the way is all it was. Wasn't it?'
'Yes, it was,' admitted Susan. 'She knows you watched it from your hotel room so she wasn't really being nasty. Just winding me up.'
The door banged. 'One minute.'
I gave her a quick wet kiss. 'Here let me smear your lipstick, and undo your blouse a couple more buttons so they can see we haven't just been arguing.'
She smiled a full beam at last and gave me another big sloppy kiss back. 'Go on, do your worst with those girls. Sorry I mean your best. Let them all know what I can get anytime I want. And I am going to freak them out by smooching with Stan. Is that okay? I feel sorry for the poor man. Everyone knows he has the hots for his daughter so everyone lets him alone.'
'You are such a good person. Such a kind sex-mad freak. Now you know why I love you. When's the wedding?'
She strutted out of there with the biggest smile on her face that I have ever seen and headed for the bar to refill her drink.'
Bryony was quick to grab me and pull me back to the bathroom. 'I am next.' she said. 'Can you make me look like that in seven minutes.'
I laughed. 'I can certainly try. Bend over and hold onto the bath. Spread your legs.'
I kneeled behind her and licked her from clit to taint.
'Oh my god,' she screamed out loud. Now all the other girls would want to scream too.
I knew I didn't have long so gave her the works. She gripped my cock in her muscular pussy as I squeezed my thumb into her arsehole. I could feel her playing with her clit and sure enough, before even the six-minute warning, she was screaming in orgasm. I could pull out without coming. I might need it later.
The knock came and we cuddled for the minute. She was rendered speechless, but not for long.
'I have never come so quickly. God, how do you do that.'
I smiled 'Chemistry, between us. You are lovely and my appreciation makes itself known to you. Thank you gorgeous.'
Leave 'em feeling good!
We came out to a round of applause almost. I patted her bottom and moved towards the bar. Even before I could get there Joanne intercepted me.
'Hey where are you going lover, I am all yours now.'
'I just need a very quick drink.' I told her. 'My seven minutes in heaven, and it will be with you, doesn't start until that door shuts.'
In reality I needed to remove the smell of Bryony's pussy from my mouth in case we kissed. I had an idea we might. I tried to construct the scene with her in my mind.
I had a very quick glass of beer and managed to surreptitiously wipe my mouth, nose, cheeks and even my forehead, in case.
'Come on my own little model,' I said to her.
She preened, 'You know I am not a model.'
'You are mine,' I said. 'Do you not remember the first time we met all the modelling you did and then the modelling in the shops when we went shopping.'
I kissed her deeply, breaking away. 'However, I prefer you this way, naked.'
And she was. As I said it, I pulled her blouse off her shoulders, it had been open all the way down the front anyway, and pushed her skirt down to the floor. That was it. She was mine. I sat on the toilet and bounced her on my cock, her blonde hair flowing around her, her c cup breasts bouncing nicely. She really could have been a model. As the knock sounded, she managed the almost obligatory scream.
It did not take much longer than the allowed minute for me to calm her down and dress her but we still walked out to cries of.
'That was eight minutes.'
'Why does she get all that time.'
I knew they were joking and Jo just preened. She really did look well fucked. Her blouse was no longer tucked neatly in her skirt but hanging loose and her hair was a mess. A beautiful mess.
I actually got the next glass to my lips before my next date grabbed my arm. I was over the hump, if you will pardon the pun, three down and three to go.
I looked at Melissa as she smooched up under my arm. I held up one finger. She wriggled her arse at me and teased me, 'If you insist.'
I laughed. 'Not what I meant, one minute while I drink this and then we are off. By the way I love that new short hair of yours.'
She had her normal blonde locks cut short with just a faint tinge of pink through the longer strands at the back. It was a really nice cut.
I winked at Susan as I walked into the bathroom.
'I need a word, before we start. Please be a little more careful about your jokes with Susan, she is still very unsure about this swapping lark. She doesn't seem to mind me and you or any of the regular girls getting it on but she feels guilty whenever she does something herself. Whether it upsets me or not. You nearly got me marked 'out of bounds' for the night. Susan wanted to tell you that you blew it, and she found it quite funny when I pointed out that that was what she had done. I had to promise that it would be a blow-job only. I am not going to fuck you, but I will make it up to you next time we have the opportunity, I promise. We didn't discuss who would give whom the blow-job however so if you fancy a quick sixty-nine we can lay on the floor here.'
She may have been a bit put out but she was on top of me seconds later. And boy, did she try hard. She attacked my length as if she had been starved of cock for months, and ground her clit onto my nose. I pushed my tongue up her arse and my two fingers played a symphony on her g-spot. We both came together. Quietly I was pleased to observe. My cock in her mouth kept her noise down to a moderate volume that would keep Susan happy. I was pleased that she got the goo when I came. I was able to tell her that I had saved myself for her. She recognised that I could not have produced that amount if I had come with any of the earlier girls.
She kissed me as we opened the door and I whispered 'Our secret right, and try to look unhappy.' And she nodded.
I nodded importantly to Susan and she smiled broadly. I could not look down with a straight face and see if Melissa had managed to wipe the grin, and my cum, off her face.
Although I had just cum, I had been without for most of the week so I knew I should be good for at least one more session. It would still help me however if I had a break. I explained this to Sam and she seemed happy to wait, providing she could do it on my arm. Never a problem to have bubbly blonde on my arm. Or in my hands, Or on my cock. The permutations are endless. We had a drink while I had an idea that would give me an even longer break.
'Stan I am sorry that I have been ignoring you, as you realise, I have had my hands full.' I winked at him as he laughed.
'Don't you worry about that. I am still here enjoying myself. Tracy hasn't sent me home yet, and I have these two lovely girls to keep me company.'
It was true, he had Tracy on one side of him and Susan on the other both cuddling up close.
'Stan why don't you try seven of those lovely minutes in heaven. And I promise to count slowly. Susan?'
She looked a little surprised but I was pleased to see that Stan didn't notice. His eyes were wide and his mouth was open looking at me. Susan quickly recovered and said
'Wow that's a nice idea Stan, have you been to heaven recently.'
His brain might not be completely working yet but he had not lost his sense of humour.
'You know I haven't. You know I am a married man.'
He then realised what he had said and that she had just got engaged.
'Not that I meant you wouldn't, well,... when you are married... I am sure you... Well. Are you sure, heaven, me. I would love to.'
I was not sure who he was asking, me or Susan but he didn't have time to wonder much before Susan dragged him off to the bathroom.
I saw Melissa about to set her watch and shook my head. I whispered in her ear. 'Give them some time. He won't be as quick as I was. He hasn't got you on the other end of it.'
Leave 'em feeling good!
With no other men now in the room and five horny girls around me I allowed my fingers to lead my brain. I moved Jo's shirt even more open exposing her delightful c's. and undid the knot on Bryony shirt to allow her wondrous boobs some air. I pulled Tracy's tits through the low armholes and by the time I had done that Sam and Melissa had both taken their crop-tops off altogether. Now it was getting to be a party.
I rather lost track of time as I alternated playing with the various boobies on show, making sure that I kept all the nipples hard. It didn't turn out to be a problem. We had a couple of shots each before a slightly worried looking Tracy said 'Do you think he is alright? She won't kill him, will she?'
That did amuse us enough to raise another shot to her poor deceased Dad, which even Tracy found funny. Suddenly we heard a scream, and it wasn't Stan. Just for a moment I had a feeling. Could that be jealousy. Wasn't I the only person supposed to make her scream.?
The feeling didn't last as Sam, now anxious for her turn ran her fingers inside my fly.
'Shall we go to the bedroom instead?' she whispered.
'If we go in there, you know I will ignore the seven-minute rule.'
'Oh good.' She grinned and would have taken me but Bryony had seen her whispering and may even have heard her.
'You two are going nowhere until they come out, and remember seven minutes, not seventy.'
They did come out, and yes, Susan did look fucked and, yes, Stan did look nearly dead. She led him to the sofa and as Sam dragged me towards the bathroom, I heard Tracy saying, are you alright Dad, do you need a drink?'
I heard no more as Sam and I locked lips. I tried to close the door but realised that her skirt was on the floor in the way. Her crop-top was in the lounge of course so as I kicked her skirt out of the way I was worried that Susan would have seen a very naked Sam dragging me down to the floor.
There was nothing romantic about this encounter. There were no pretty words to make her feel good. It was simple carnality. I thrust hard and fast, missionary position. She came twice before the knock on the door reminded us that we only had a minute left. I faked a small orgasm, realising that she would never be able to tell because she was so wet herself that she was dripping all down her thighs. The mandatory scream had been less of a scream than an exultant 'yes.' Still loud enough for the assembled jealous girls next door. I think they were now less worried about the time as we cuddled for a couple of minutes without anyone banging on the door to remind us of their presence.
Sam seemed to have sort of permagrin attached to her face as we left the bathroom. I looked over at Stan and Susan who were still on the sofa with Tracy. I winked at Susan and she winked back. If she had seen Sam attacking me, she wasn't worried.
I saw Tracy whisper to her Dad before she joined me at the table with the drinks.
'Well stud. Got anything left for little old me? Or shall I come home with You and Susan and the three of us can have a quiet evening watching tele?' She grinned.
'I don't think so.' I said. 'I think there are four girls here who would argue with you getting first dibs on Susan.'
'Yes,' said Jo, and Bryony, and Melissa.
'And extra time with Studley here, I don't think so,' chimed in Sam, still recovering, and probably just about warming up for another go.
'Just thought I might try,' laughed Tracy, 'Ready?'
'Let me just finish this drink and you can have your way with me, you hussy.'
'Hussy,' she said. 'That's nice. What about this lot, all sniffing around, running their hands all over you.'
That wasn't too far wrong as it happens. At least three of the girls were holding on to my arms or stroking my face and leg.
'Never mind, you can call me what you like. I will have the last laugh. I am going to lock that bathroom door and after the leeway that you gave my Dad I don't want to hear any complaints if we take eight minutes. We will be out by Tuesday, I promise you. Come on hussy-lover.'
I don't have favourites, well only Susan, but if I did Tracy would be one of them. She was a little more Essex, a little more earthy perhaps, a little smuttier, maybe, than all of the other girls. A little bit more honest about sex and her desires. But then again, if I did have favourites, Jo would be a favourite for her fun approach to flashing, like Susan's. Bryony would be a favourite for her... well you get the picture.
We went through the bathroom door and as I turned to kiss her, I saw her flick up the back of her skirt and wriggle her bare bum as they all watched.
'I want to thank you, and Susan, when I get a chance to talk to her.'
'What for?'
'Dad of course. That was a really nice thing that the two of you did. You must have talked about it before. It was too smooth.'
'Well no not really talked about it. Susan had said that a bit like Stan she was the odd one out here and she thought that it would be nice to make him feel a bit better about being here. And I guess he did the same judging by her scream.'
'That was really nice of her, and yes I hope she did enjoy it. I guess we can find out when we watch it on catch-up.'
I had not thought about that funnily enough, and wondered what I would see. Was it another blow-job? No with that noise they must have gone the whole way. That's great I thought. I ask her to marry me and she fucks the next man she sees before me. Now I wish I had fucked her in the seven minutes I had. Still as I always reminded her, I was the one taking her home - for the rest of my life now.
While my brain may have been busy thinking about Susan and Stan my fingers had been busy thinking about Tracy and her vest and skirt were lying on the floor. My clothes were similarly arranged in a pile in the corner of the room.
'Get in the bath,' she said. 'I really am going to take our time. I will explain to the girls later that I had to thank you. They will understand.'
She clicked the lock and started the warm shower running over me. She leaned over the side of the bath and firmed me up between her lips. The warm water sprinkling over me and running around my back contrasted with the heat of her mouth and tongue on my cock as she sucked and licked it, rolling my balls between her soapy fingers. This really was seven in heaven. Seventeen? Seventy? Seventy-seven. You get the picture.
'If you keep this up I am going to...'
She took the hint and jumped on top of me, her knees either side of my stomach, my cock firmly ensconced in a pussy just as hot as her mouth. If not hotter.
I tapped her on the arm. 'I am going to...' as she jumped off and leaned over the taps. Her legs spread as wide as she could in the bath. I briefly leant forward and managed to stop my ejaculation as I licked her crack and buried my tongue in her pussy. She put her outside leg on the floor to widen her stance and allow me more access to her fragrant slit. Eventually I got to my feet and took her hard, doggy.
She groaned. I noticed that she hadn't tried to compete with a scream, she was completely into it and was just grunting and groaning with desire.
'Now I'm coming.' And so was she. It could not have been stage managed any better. Neither of us were faking it. It just worked.
We kissed but were not exactly in a comfortable position for a long cuddle. I got out and threw her a towel. We dried off and I went to get my clothes.
'No. Let's shock them, we will wear the towels. They know what we have been doing. I am going to make them really jealous.'
I laughed, 'Fine but not too heavy with Susan listening please.'
'Sure,' she said. 'Don't forget I owe her a big favour.'
We left the bathroom to cries of,
'What's going on?'
'What's with the shower?'
'And it's not even your bathroom?'
'Do you know how badly he got your girly smells? And it was all over him.'
Everyone laughed. Even Susan I noticed.
'You lot smelled like dogs on heat,' she carried on. 'I had to get rid of it. It was making me even hornier.'
They all laughed again.
'Nothing could make you hornier, you cow. You are the horniest bitch I have ever met.'
How girls can call each other cows, bitches, whores and tarts and stay friendly I have no idea. But they did and they are.
I waved Susan over. Stan was asleep on the chair anyway. I put my arm around her for a cuddle and quietly so the others could not see I massaged her ring finger on her left hand.
I am an old smoothie. I know how to get back in her good books. One little deed and the sun shone from my arse again.