Toni and Derrick had managed to schedule their vacations together. They had requested the time off work earlier in the year and were both loving the State Park that was a few hours away from home.
Many people they knew took their vacations on cruises, or trips to foreign countries. But Toni and Derrick were both more than content with the natural beauty of their own home state.
They were on the third day of their trek, hiking through the mountains. They had everything they needed on their backs, and slept every night at whatever place they had available when they ran out of daylight.
Having been blessed with beautiful weather, they had covered some ground, but both vowed to return, as there was no way to see the entire area in a week.
They made love under the stars each night, probably disturbing the wildlife in the process when things got heated.
And they also had some fun throughout the day, whenever and wherever the mood struck them, usually at some point in their journey where they were particularly inspired by their surroundings.
Nature just brought out their base instincts, and they loved to get naked and let their passions run wild in a natural setting.
Being high above the areas that were more popular amongst the less experienced and physically fit hikers, they felt free to act on their urges whenever and wherever the mood struck them.
But knowing that they were in a public place, regardless of how remote, added that extra edge of the possibly getting caught to the experience. They had occasionally played in places where they could be seen, and they both found it scary, yet exhilarating.
They had fucked on hotel balconies, late at night, watching traffic on the streets below.
Toni often went braless, with Derrick's approval and encouragement. Her smaller titties needed no support, but her puffy nipples were always on display. She always got so turned on that they became more apparent as time went on.
Every time she caught someone, man or woman, do a double take, her arousal increased exponentially. By the time they got home she was dripping wet and wanted nothing more than Derrick's mouth on her nipples, sucking hard, biting even, as she rode his hard dick.
Once she couldn't wait to get home and drug Derrick into a narrow alley and behind a dumpster, where he ravaged her body against a dirty brick wall. The thought that someone might come out of the building they were using for support, or come down the alley increased the risk, and the exhilaration.
But their favorite places to risk exposure was always the great outdoors. They loved nature, and to be naked and having sex in a natural environment just felt animalistic to them both.
That particular morning, they were working their way up a narrow valley that followed a stream, that by now was twenty feet below them on the right. To their left, the mountain rose drastically beyond view.
The trail was narrow, and had enough roots and rocks to make it challenging and demanding of attention. A twisted ankle could be a real problem in a place like this. A fall would be even worse.
About halfway up to the top they came to a spot where the trail leveled off and widened out. Toni was leading, so she was the first to spot the small grouping of logs around a small ring of stones.
It was obviously a spot where other hardy hikers had taken a break, and maybe even slept overnight. It was an established spot, but not something that was created by the parks department.
It was also at the top of a particularly tough section of trail, so Toni followed her natural curiosity to check the place out, and take a break before making the final push to the top, which promised to be difficult judging by the view of the elevation.
"Let's stop here for a minute, babe." She said over her shoulder, as she veered away to the makeshift rest area. Derrick followed her with a growing curiosity of the view from just beyond the fire pit. Judging by the way the valley below dropped and curved away, it promised to be pretty spectacular.
They both dropped their packs by the logs which were obviously arranged for seating. and continued to the edge of the level ground to admire the vista below. Toni stopped at the edge of the flat spot and Derrick came up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist.
The temperature was climbing quickly as they ascended from their last campground in the valley below. They were both beginning to perspire with the rising temperatures and the effort of their climb. But Toni still managed to smell wonderful to Derrick as he gazed over her shoulder and whispered, "Wow."
The view before them was breathtaking. But part of his brain was wondering what her pussy smelled like after the mornings trek. She had only taken a quick, naked dip that morning in the stream they had been following. She had wanted to rinse her pussy out from their love making the night before.
"I know, right?" Toni said, just as softly. It was as if neither of them wanted to speak too loudly to disturb the tranquility of the ancient valley below. "Fucking.....beautiful." she whispered.
The ground dropped off drastically in front of them, and they could see all the way down the valley to where they had started out a few hours earlier. Beyond that they could see the ridge they crossed the day before.
The beautiful panorama, and all the life it encompassed, was the exact reason they were both there, and their mutual love of it was a huge part of why they were together in the first place.
It was both exhilarating and awe inspiring, and to have someone who shared that love made it even better. They enjoyed the view and the closeness of each other's bodies as they absorbed the natural beauty around them.
It was just such moments that really got their juices flowing, and when Toni felt Derrick wrap his arms around her, his breath tickling her neck, she couldn't help but push her ass back against him.
Derrick understood immediately, he was as aroused as she was by the flowing endorphins and their mutual appreciation for the natural beauty.
Not to mention that having watched his woman's lithe body climbing the trail ahead of him for the past few hours had been a very erotic show.
She was wearing one of his old flannel shirts tied off below her braless tits, which were a large A cup with amazing, puffy nipples. Her smaller breasts meant that she felt no need to wear a bra when she was hiking.
With her shirt tied up, she showed off her slim waist and flat belly, and also her shapely hips that shifted from her stride as she climbed ahead of him.
She also had on a pair of cut off jeans. They were cut off very short to show off the bottoms of her sweet round ass cheeks and her muscular legs.
He was with her when she took the scissors to them, he had helped her decide where to make the cut. She had smiled devilishly at where he pointed, and giggled as she put the scissors to work.
As they scanned the panorama Derrick brought his hands to her tits and cupped them both, his fingers automatically pinching her nipples through the thin plaid fabric as he nuzzled her neck.
Her tits weren't big enough to fill his hands, but her nipples responded nicely to his fingers as she sighed and tilted her head to grant him access to her neck.
They were both happy with her new short hairstyle. The pixie cut of her light brown hair was cooler in the summer, and easy to take care of. But for Derrick it flaunted her slender and sensuous neck.
Derrick took full advantage of her offer to kiss one of her favorite erogenous zones for her, enjoying her response as he kissed her there. She moaned and pushed her ass back harder against his growing cock.
Derrick allowed his eyes to scan their surroundings as he worked to arouse his girlfriend. The valley they were in, while deep, was relatively narrow. He took in the various types of trees and rock outcroppings, then his eyes caught some colors that didn't fit in.
Just across the valley, and slightly higher than Derrick and Toni, he spied another couple similarly enjoying the moment. They were no more than fifty yards away, standing on a rock formation.
The man stood behind his woman and was fondling her breasts, just like Derrick was doing to Toni. Only this woman's tits, which were encased in a white sports bra, looked to be substantially bigger than Toni's. Which explained the sports bra in this terrain.
"We have company babe." He said softly in her ear. Toni shuddered from his breath on her neck and asked quietly, "Where?"
"Across the valley, up on the rocks below that stand of pines." He told her softly, never stopping his fondling of her body. Her eyes traversed the area, expecting to see some deer, or a coyote, or another type of animal. Maybe even the eagle they had sighted the day before.
Just as Toni spotted the other couple, the man pulled a hand away from the big tit it was groping and pointed towards her. The other woman looked up and seemed to smile. Then she waved, tentatively, almost shyly.
Toni and Derrick could see that she had tattoos up each arm and some across the exposed part of her chest. Her head seemed to be shaved on one side, with her raven hair combed over her head to the other side.
Her man returned his hand to feeling up the woman, just as Toni returned the wave. She felt an instant affinity for the other couple. They were obviously kindred spirits, they were both people who enjoyed nature and the primal excitement of sex in the great outdoors.
Derrick was in tune to the similarly minded attitude of the other couple also, and moved his hands to begin to unbutton Toni's shirt. As he did they both watched the man slip his hands inside the other woman's sports bra.
Derrick continued to unbutton Toni's shirt with one hand, and dropped the other to her nearly nonexistent crotch of her shorts.
She moaned her appreciation and shimmied her hips as her lover firmly massaged her vulva through the scant denim and thin panties.
When he had all the buttons open, Derrick began to work on the knot below Toni's breasts. For this he needed both hands, leaving her pussy wanting more stimulation.
Her breathing increased as she realized she was about to be exposed to the other couple, and that they were going to follow through with their lust in front of an audience. She hoped that their audience would follow suit.
Across the valley, the other man lifted the sports bra up over his woman's tits, and they bounced into view as she raised her arms to allow him to pull it off her completely.
As the man across the valley dropped the white garment onto a backpack by his feet, Derrick finished with the knot in Toni's shirt and opened it wide.
Toni's smaller tits stood up proudly, her nipples pointed out and up, as if searching for the sun as they were caressed by the cool updraft rising from the valley below. Toni slipped the shirt off her shoulders and Derrick tossed it aside. She kept her shoulders pulled back, pointing her firm little titties at the other couple.
Toni got goosebumps from the exposure. She had never intentionally undressed in front of strangers before, and she felt exhilarated by the experience. She was more aroused than she could remember being in a long time.
Toni reached behind her and grasped the dick that Derrick had been grinding against her ass, he moaned into her neck as he pulled her sensitive nipples.
Across the valley, the other woman did one better, she pulled away from her lover and turned around, dropping to her knees. She immediately started to work on his belt, before moving on to his button and zipper.
Toni watched excitedly as the man pulled his loose fitting Bob Marley tee up over his head and cast it aside. She could see, even from this distance that he had a broad, hairy, chest, flat abs, and more tats. He was a big man, and Toni was anxious to see his cock.
Toni followed her nameless friend's lead and also dropped to her knees after turning around. She repositioned Derrick to give their audience a view of his long straight prick. She hoped her counterpart would appreciate it.
Derrick played along and pulled his tee shirt off also, revealing his hairless, well defined chest and abs. He was chiseled by a lifetime of athleticism.
The woman across the valley dropped her boyfriend's pants to his ankles and went straight to sucking a cock that looked pretty substantial to Toni from that distance.
She was inspired to share her man's cock with the other woman, and soon had Derrick's long smooth cock equally exposed.
Both women began to suck their mate eagerly, while still keeping their eyes on their nameless friends across the valley. Both men enjoyed their women's attentions and the show from across the valley.
Derrick saw that the other woman was just as passionate about fellatio as his Toni, and soon her substantial chest was rocking with her efforts.
After sucking Derrick to his full erect state, Toni was ready to fuck. She stood and dropped her shorts and panties, holding Derrick for support as she worked them off over one hiking boot, not bothering with her other foot.
She noticed the other woman was following suit by standing and yanking down her spandex shorts. She looked to be shaved smooth, whereas Toni left a small landing strip.
Both women turned to face each other, boldly displaying their bodies to each other, as Derrick pulled on his cock in anticipation. The two couples gazed across the distance at each other, excitement coursing through their bodies, appreciative of each other's mutual desire to share the experience. Both women turned slightly sideways to each other and dropped to her knees, and bent over, inviting their men to fuck them.
Derrick watched the man across the valley drop to his knees, just like he was. They both sidled up behind their lover and lined up their cocks.
But as Derrick looked down at his woman's pussy, he saw that she was swollen with desire and opening up like a blooming flower. And then he caught a whiff of her scent.
Her arousal, mixed with her perspiration from the morning's exertion, blended to create a musky scent that he could not resist. Derrick flopped over onto his back and shimmied between Toni's legs, grabbing her hips and pulling her down onto his face.
Toni had been expecting Derrick's dick to penetrate her, had been anxious for it, so she was caught off guard and let out a cry of surprise and delight, as she always loved the way Derrick devoured her pussy.
The man across the valley, like his woman, was covered with tattoos. But had a massive head of dreadlocks that hid his face as he looked down to find the woman's entrance. He seemed so focused on his task, he hadn't seen Derrick's move to have Toni fuck his face.
He seemed to find her hole at the same time Derrick stuck his tongue into Toni, as the echo of four satisfied moans met in the space between them. Toni watched the other woman's tits bounce as her man took her roughly.
Their mutual moans were amplified by the acoustics of the valley, and the noise startled a flock of birds from their resting place, causing them to add to the echoes as they took flight.
Toni sat upright and began to fondle her own tits, twisting her nipples as she rolled her hips and fucked Derrick's face, while watching the other couple fuck. It was by far the hottest thing she had ever done.
Suddenly the man across the way pulled out of his girl. Toni didn't know if he was inspired by Derrick, or felt competitive, or just wanted to keep both parties on the same page, but he physically grabbed her hips and flipped her over, before diving face first into her crotch.
The black haired woman let out a squeal as she was flipped over, followed by another, higher pitched one as her man went down on her.
Derrick knew nothing about the activities of the other couple, he was simply enjoying the flavor, and the scent of his woman. She had the most delicious pussy he had ever experienced, and he loved her smell, her taste, and the way she lost control as he brought her to climax.
Toni was having a hard time watching her friends across the valley as Derrick worked his tongue deep between her labia and she ground her clit on his upper lip.
But the man across the valley had never lost track of her. He watched, from between his lovers huge tits as Toni rocked her hips and fucked Derrick's face. The man was working on his own woman, who was also so excited that her orgasm was not far off.
Toni could see, between the massive alabaster breasts across the valley, the dark eyes of the man who was down on his woman. She just knew he was watching her, she could feel it. Of all the risky sexual games she had played before, nothing had ever had so much effect on her.
Knowing she could get caught was exciting, but to have a man actually watching her rise toward her climax was a thrill that pushed her off the edge.
"OH DERRICK I'M CUMMING! Fuck, he's, he's watching me CUM!" She shrieked as her whole body tensed up and she flooded her lover's face. She curled up and had to take her hands from her titties to prevent herself from falling forward.
Toni lifted herself from Derrick's face, whimpering, "Fuck me now baby, show them how you fuck me." In seconds, Derrick was off his back and on his knees behind her.
As much as he loved eating Toni to climax, one of the bonuses for him was getting to sink his long dick in her while she was still having spasms. He felt like he could feel every ripple of her tight pussy.
Toni didn't know if the other woman had cum or not, but she saw the man rise to his knees and pull her ankles up to his shoulders. He leaned forward onto his hands and Toni saw his hips push forward violently. She saw the woman's tits bounce and heard her cry out, just as she did a second later when Derrick plunged his length into her.
Both couples started to fuck in unison, the slapping of their bodies joining the sounds of pleasure in the narrow valley.
Neither couple was making love, they were fucking, hard and fast. They were doing it for their own pleasure, and for their new nameless friends.
The crisp mountain air easily carried the sounds of the women, moaning and crying out. The grunting of the men, rutting like bucks in heat. The slap, slap, slap of colliding flesh keeping time.
Toni watched the other man taking his woman as fiercely as Derrick was taking her. She saw his broad tattooed chest glistening with sweat. She watched as he tilted his face toward the sun and noticed a glimmer of light reflecting off a piercing in his nose, another in his ear.
Derrick was straining to maintain his pace and hold off his climax as he watched the swaying tits of the girl opposite him. She seemed to be looking straight back at him, craning her neck, as she whined with passion from the pounding her lover was giving her.
Toni stretched her arms out, lowering her thick nipples into the dead leaves and cool dirt below her, pushing her ass and snatch back into Derrick's hard thrusting. She brought one hand under herself to start strumming her clit.
She kept her head craned up as well, to watch the show across the valley as she started to cum on Derrick's thrusting prick. She cried out, "CUM WITH ME!" Not even sure herself if she was talking to Derrick, her large breasted counterpart, or the beast of a man who was fucking her.
But it didn't matter, because all three complied. She felt Derrick swell and begin to shoot, filling her with his hot jizz as the other woman squealed "CUMMING!". Her lover lifted his face again to howl into the overhanging branches above, announcing his own release.
Both violent couplings continued briefly, before sputtering out and finally stopping completely. Derrick pulled out of Toni and a few dollops of their combined juices dribbled onto the ground.
He fell back onto his sweaty ass into the dirt as Toni watched the other man withdraw from his woman and seemingly wipe his slimy cock off on her plump ass. Toni thought she heard the other woman whimper.
Before long, both couples gathered their wits and their clothes and got dressed to continue their treks. After a brief struggle to get her ample tits back into her sports bra, the black haired woman gave Toni and Derrick another shy wave. The man simply nodded in their direction before they made their way into the trees.
Toni and Derrick noticed that they were heading downhill, while their own destination was the crest of the mountain above. As they made their ascent, they discussed the fact that they would probably never see the other couple again. Both agreed that it was just a chance, one time thing, but it was a memory they would cherish.
Three days later Toni and Derrick finally arrived back at their car in the state park grounds, fatigued but exhilarated by the past few days trekking.
They had discussed their tryst with the other couple watching, several times, and admitted to the thrill of watching them. They also confessed to the excitement of being watched. They both realized that given the right circumstances they would like to have more experiences with other couples.
They had pretty much agreed that the Subaru Outback with the Grateful Dead and pot leaf stickers probably belonged to the other couple, and both were hoping, but doubtful, that they would see them again.
But of course when they traipsed wearily into the public parking area, there were only some minivans and their jeep. The Subaru was gone.
But when they got to their jeep, they noticed the note under the wiper of their Wrangler. They looked at each other in surprise, before Derrick nodded for Toni to grab the note.
"Hi! Not sure we have the right vehicle, but it was nice "seeing" you. Would love to get to know you better, we seem to have a bunch in common. Give us a call"
The note was signed, Jann and Eric 555-555-5555. Toni and Derrick smiled at each other, communicating wordlessly as Toni pulled out her cell phone and checked to see if she had bars.
Possibly to be continued.
Don't forget to vote and feel free to comment
Yarnspinnerr ;->