Chapter 1. My arrival.
You were expecting me. I could arrive at any second. You shifted your weight from one foot to the other nervously. We had planned this meeting for weeks & you I hope you had complied with my demands to the letter.
You had woken early for once having the day to yourself free from her kids, away on holiday, so you could at last indulge a fantasy or two. The conversations between us over the last few days had been a tease and a turn on and despite not being able to resist touching yourself you had managed not to orgasm for the last three days just as I had instructed.
At 9:30 am you hear my car pull up outside her door, licking her lips giving the red lipstick an extra shine, anticipating my arrival. Your heart skips a beat at the single knock on the door and you reaches forward to open the framed obscured glass which is the only boundary remaining between us. As it swings open on its hinges you try to hide behind it so any prying eyes cannot see what I have demanded.
As the door shuts I take in the view, just as I had instructed. Your feet are fitted into black patent court shoes with a 3" heel. A black beaded anklet surrounds your right ankle. My eyes drift up your shapely legs which rub together slightly, self conscious under my gaze. The pale skin as your hips flare is broken by a narrow band of black lace, forming a modest covering to her womanhood, and the only item of clothing I had allowed. The curves of your body extended up to perky breasts, unenhanced and unsupported, the soft pink nipples hardening with desire.
You look up at me from under the fringe of her dark hair, trying to remain standing still, as I inspect her almost naked body. Your face breaks into a smile and she steps forward into my arms lifting her chin so our lips can meet. It has been too long since we tasted each others lips so I this brief indulgence & pull her close to my body. Her breasts crush against my white shirt, and her hands grip at the seat of my jeans. Out tongues collide in a tango of passion which if left unchecked could escalate into a hot steamy but brief liaison on the hall floor. I have other plans for you today & intend to tease you more before I give you any release!
Unseen my hand retrieves an oval of padded black silk with thin elastic straps. You gasp as I slip it over your hair and settle it over your eyes. You are unsure for a second until I whisper
"You are safe"
Then I step back out of your reach.
You look so vulnerable now and so hot! I make no sounds as you move your head from side to side trying to work out where I am. Your breasts heave with an intake of breath as I take both your hands and raise them up linking your fingers together behind your head. Your thong clad body is fully exposed for my viewing pleasure.
With the tip of one finger I draw a line up you're under arm, careful not to tickle, just to excite the soft skin. Then a touch on your left hip, back of knee, collar bone, cheek, and so on. Touching lightly for a split second on random areas of your skin. Hands still behind your head my last touch sweeps the under curve of your breast, avoiding the nipple, causing you to whimper a slight moan of frustration.
After the blindfold I find my second surprise for you. Opening my small leather holdall I remove a long thin black and silver item. Your hands are holding your hair out of the way perfectly as I reach around your neck and secure the leather collar in place, making sure it is not too tight.
"That's to show you are my property, now go and get onto your bed" I command.
You unsteadily you turn towards the stairs and begin the climb to the first floor. I smile as you are unsure if you are allowed to move your hands but half way up you use one to hasten tor blind assent.
I smile to myself. I am a bad man but you know that you are safe and that if you say stop at any time then the game is over just by saying your safe word. Until that time you will be my Slave for the Day.
I wait a few minutes more. Giving you time to wonder what is happening next. Taking my bag, I climb the stairs and enter the bedroom. You are sitting up on the bed still blindfolded, facing the door. One hand is touching her leg the other tracing the collar around her neck. Her tongue licks her lips again nervously. I undress as quietly as possible, but the clank as my belt gives the game away and a cute smile curls your lip.
I remove a couple more items from my bag and lay them in easy reach then climb onto the bed. The bed shifts under my weight as I move towards my plaything. Naked, I stand over you. You senses my presence and blindly looks up at me. My semi hard cock is an inch from your face so with a small move of my hips I run the tip of my penis across your cheek.
You groan and unable to keep your hand back grasps the base of my cock and guides the head between your lips into your welcoming mouth.
"MMMM don't stop" I say as my penis grows firmer by the second as you suck me between your lips and run your tongue around my shaft. You think you may be in trouble as you realise I have not given you permission to move your hands, so you place them back behind your head. My cock now unrestrained by your fingers, saws back and forth into your mouth, until with a deeper thrust the head catches the back of your throat. I am tempted to move further forward but relent and withdraw as your gag reflex is triggered and you splitter and drawl saliva along my hard penis.
I'm not ready to cum yet and when you reach forward to take my cock in your hand to draw me back into your sweet mouth I pull away and grip your arm. Quickly I collect an object left ready on the sheet next to me and secure the padded strap with Velcro around your wrist, repeating the process with the other arm. Each wrist strap has a metal clasp which I use to clip your restraints to a ring on your collar. This gives you limited movement but keeps your hands from wondering.
I move off the bed and admire your sexy body. With my digital camera I take a few quick pictures. You twist your body away from the sound of the shutter. I can't tell if the flash is perceptible through the blind fold. I know you are self conscious but I intend to capture your sexiness on film, today or on another occasion with your cooperation.
You have moved onto your knees, your feet crossed in your heels under the sexy curves of your bum cheeks. The black lace thong disappearing deep into the furrow. I reach around and grasp each nipple between my fingers and pinch hard. You groan and push your chest out into my hands as I caress your tits and tease your sensitive teats.
I push you onto you front and grab a photo as your heel gets caught in your thong! I realise its time they were removed so ripped them down your legs leaving them caught on one shoe. I free your hands from your shackles to make you more comfortable, but the collar remains in place around your neck.
Time now to taste your pussy that I have missed for too long. Pushing you onto your back I position myself between your gorgeous legs. I begin kissing up your inner thighs tracing circles with my tongue as I get close and closer to your smooth shaved mound. I take a deep breath and inhale the sweet aromour of your arousal. With my hands I gently tease your outer lips apart. Exposing the tasty pink morsel hidden within. My shoulders lift and separate your thighs more as my tongue spread wide sweeps a trail from your anus to your clitoris licking up your nectar as I go.
Your back arches but your exposed position allows little movement as my mouth devours you. Your breathing quickens as your sexual nerve endings begin to dance and tingle. I link my arms around your thighs diving harder against you. Your hands straining at the restraints trying to get free to either push me away or pull me closer. My mouth changes technique every few second, flicking your little love button one minute then stretching as deep into your opening as possible the next, then teasing rings around your rear puckered entrance.
You begin to pant, a sure sign of your imminent climax. Your body writhes under me assault, the inner pleasure growing like a warm glow within. Less than thirty second later your whole body stiffens, guttural incoherent noises form in your throat and your thighs clamp tight around my head, vibrating with your release.
Knowing your clit is too sensitive to touch at that moment I let you relax and enjoy the come down from your climax, the stars in your blanked out peripheral vision begin to clear and a contented smile settles across your lips and eyes.
My lips and chin are slick with your juices as I move up your body kissing across your stomach, breasts and nipples before arriving face to face. Our lips join in a deep kiss for several moments, sharing the taste of your cream. Reaching up I pull the blindfold from your eyes, discarding it on the floor. Your bright eyes blink at the sunlight streaming through the window.
Once we recover our breath I roll you over onto your front, your naked butt cheek is too tempting so I land a firm smack on your buttock then kiss the stinging skin as a red hand print appears from my touch. I administer a few more spanks you your exposed arse cheeks. You wiggle more raising your hips off the bed and move your knees apart. Your dripping pussy is exposed between your thighs and I run my finger down your crack, slowing as it passes across your anus, and down into your wet pussy. You moan again with pleasure and push back against my hand, my fingers slip deeper between your wet folds.
The sight and feel is so erotic. My cock twitches at full hardness and is pointing straight at the object of its desire. I shuffle forward on my knees till the end of my shaft can dribble a line of pre-cum across your tight buttocks. I push it down and let the top of my shaft rub against your slit, gathering your juices at it rubs against your clit. Another adjustment of my stance and the helmet of my dick is resting against your tight pussy entrance. I fumble slightly to get the angle right then push forward to penetrate your vagina.
"MMMMM feels so good" we say in unison.
I pull back a little then push forward inching further into the feeling of heaven. I feel your fingers between your thighs, not sure if you are stroking your clit at first but then your French manicured nails graze my scrotum, ticking my balls with a wonderful sensation.
We settle into a rhythm, my nuts slapping your puffy lips with each thrust. I try to pace myself to extend the pleasure for as long as possible. Your inner muscles gripping my rod as it slides back and forth into the entrance to your womb. Our bodies heat up as we again climb together with passion. I know that I won't last too long as the sensations gripping my cock, and running back to engulf my lower torso are just too good. My balls begin to tighten in their sack which is now wet with your juices from bumping into your pussy with each thrust of my hips.
The electric charge of my climax is unstoppable and I could not stop now even if I wanted to. Almost in desperation I begin to fuck you harder, the doggy style position we are in allowing me to penetrate as deep into you as my size allows. With a grunt I grip your hips a push hard against you, my hips digging into the soft firm flesh of your bum cheeks. My balls spasm and my white hot cum rises under pressure through my penis and explodes from the tip to paint your unprotected cervix.
The feeling is better than anything I have felt before and breathing hard and covered in a light sheen of perspiration I collapse over you, pushing us both onto the bed, before folding into each others arms. Smiling together we kiss softly and snuggle for a few minutes, my heart pounding in my chest begins to slow to its normal pace.
Chapter 2. The Outfit.
"Ok Slave! Wake up. I have something for you to wear for the rest of the day."
Your breasts exposed as you roll over onto your back still flushed from our earlier activity.
"Oh yeah? Have you got me something nice?"
"Hmmm, well it's not a designer dress if that's what you are thinking. I told you last week I was bringing something for you to wear and said you not to ask questions about it, and could you be patient...No! So as I told you every time you asked about what I wanted you to wear, I adapted it a little more."
"Oh well if you are taking me out I hope I don't get arrested!"
I collect my bag as you touch up your make up and run a brush through your hair. Naked still and with a coy smile you look at me and my holdall with anticipation.
"Well to start with you need to put your heels back on. A slave should always be in heels whilst standing. Now put your hands behind your head again while I decide how much to let you wear."
You assume the position again. Fully exposed, naked in your heels. It's hard to think about covering any of you but even I can't take you out in public fully naked.
"To start off you can wear these, but don't get too attached to them" I say handing you a whips of fine mesh and silk strings. The panties are tiny, just a G sting to divide your butt cheeks and thin elastic to pull up to your hips. The small triangle of white lace fabric at the front moulds to your pussy lips as you pull it into place. I adjust the fit, straightening a twist at your hip, and running my fingers down and across your pubic mound, not to improve the fit but just for my own pleasure and because you cant stop me.
The next item is a simple white tight fitting vest top. Adapted first with a large slit straight up the back, the material only held together with an inch of material at top and bottom. Any bra strap would be clearly visible, but that would not be an issue for you. You would be braless the rest of the day. I lift the top over your head, and tuck your hair back over your shoulders. Pulling the vest down, it does not cover your thong, but pulls tight across your firm breasts. The low neckline giving a hint of cleavage without being too obvious You look down and gasp when you see the other modification I have made. Just below your left nipple which is pushing out against the white cotton I have written...
Slave for the Day!
The legend will be clear to anyone as their eyes will be drawn to your chest stretching the white fabric and the twin peaks punctuating the perfect curves.
You are almost ready. One last item remains. I bring your denim skirt from the bag and hold it for your appraisal. When purchased it was about mid thigh length, but as punishment for your inpatients and wanting to know what my plans for the day were, each question has prompted the removal of an inch of hemline with my sharp scissors. Holding the remains of the skirt out for you, you step in, threading your heels into the tattered denim. The pockets had also been removed leaving hand sized slits on each bum cheek and just above each groin area making you vulnerable to exploring hands later. The final modification being a vertical 2" cut in the middle front and back allowing the skirt to flare open slightly!
Once the short zip and single button are secured I smooth the skirt over your hips, but soon encounter the naked skin of your thighs. I step back to view my creation. The final modifications.
Perfect! With a passing glance anyone would see a sexy woman in a short skirt. On close inspection, they might see a lot more. It's just too early still for lunch, but the sun is shining and I fancy a coffee. So we head down to the kitchen where you make us a hot caffeine fix, bending low to get mugs from the cupboard you flash a perfect view of your thong clad bum not even pretending to be covered by your skirt.
We venture into your garden. The sun is beating down onto your decking, as we settle onto your large padded day bed. A parasol provides a little shade for us as we relax & sip our coffee. We lie close together and soon begin to kiss. Your hand finds the bulge at the front of my jeans, and the other slipping between the buttons of my white shirt.
My hand grazes the front of your vest, bringing your nipples back to life and instantly erect. Your mini skirt has ridden way up your hip and is bunched at your waist. Your G-string fully exposed as my fingers run up your inner thigh and push the thin material at the gusset against the lips of your moist pussy. We kiss more passionately for a few minute, till I am aware of a faint noise up to your right.
The garden is fairly secluded, but a couple of houses have windows overlooking the patio area. With your head turned to meet my kisses you are unaware that a neighbour is cleaning their upstairs widows inside. With the sun reflecting on the glass I cannot tell if it's male or female. With one eye I can see they have paused in their cleaning and are not stationary, just a vague form hidden in the shadows, but defiantly watching us. The sun umbrella does not obstruct their view as I pull on the neck line of your skimpy vest, allowing your right breast to pop into view. With a smile to myself I lower my lips to kiss and nibble at the pink hard nipple that demands my attention.
My left hand travels down your body to touch your lower belly and the waist band of your knickers. My finger tips dig into your flesh gently and force their way over your freshly shaved mound, until my middle finger finds the crevice at the top of your virgina. I rum you there for a few seconds just to tease you before sliding my middle finger down across your clit and curling up into your warm moist pussy.
"Mmmmmmm" you moan with pleasure, rocking your hips to encourage my deeper touch and arching your back to push your bullet like left nipples against the fabric stretched over your tit while I continue licking and sucking its partner.
The effect of my fingers playing with your pussy is getting you very aroused. The palm of my hand is wet with the juices emanating from your feminine folds as I allow my index finger to join my middle finger in your silky hole and curl my finger tips to massage your G spot. Your body jerks at the touch, and the additional stimulation brings you to the edge of another climax.
As you crest the top of your orgasm rollercoaster, gasping for breath I whisper in your ear.
"We are being watched!"
"Oh my God!" you cry out in ecstasy. Your thighs clamp around my hand preventing its escape. My fingers are still churning against the tight muscles which are rippling around them. As a final treat, I flick your clit with my thumb and the ultra sensitive button unleashes another jolt through your body and a flood of viscous nectar covers my hand.
A few seconds later your eyes fly open.
"Being watched? Where? Who?"
"The upstairs window at the house over the back." I reply. "I think they have hidden now but I am sure he or she enjoyed your performance!"
A blush forms across your cheeks, and down onto your chest. Tucking your boob back into the clinging vest top, whilst trying to stretch your micro skirt down to give you some modesty.
I chuckle to myself. No way with you laid back will the frayed denim hem pull low enough for that! I kiss you deeply as you struggle to get your breath back.
Chapter 3. An Enjoyable Lunchtime.
"Ok Slave, I'm getting hungry now. As you have been a good girl so far I will treat you to lunch at a nice little country pub I know. So go and brush your hair and touch up your make up and we will go it five minutes."
We head back inside and as you make the minor adjustments to your look I browse through the pictures I had taken of you that morning. Another day we might just focus on that. You, dressing in your various lingerie items, or less, while I take a set of erotic picture. The thought makes me smile again, but that will have to wait for now. I frown as you descend the stairs. Hair and make-up look perfect. You still ware the outfit I have provided but have added a long black cardigan which you pull tight around you. Its length covers the skirt completely and hides the logo emblazoned on your breast.
"Well I will let you wear that for now but you will get warm in the car".
You lock the door behind you and despite being my Slave; I open the car door and watch your sexy legs fold into the foot well.
We enjoy the fifteen minute drive out into the country side. My car weaving its way around narrow lanes, through tunnels formed by the overhanging trees with the sun flashing through the windscreen. With a crunch of tyres on gravel we swing into the pub car park. It is a typical quaint country establishment boasting good food fine wine, real ales and a beer garden. I walk round the car and open your door, holding my hand out to assist you rising onto your heels.
"Just one thing before we go in." I say holding your hand to stop you heading for the door.
"Its far too warm for knitwear, the cardigan must stay in the car!"
A brief look of panic crosses your face but a squeeze of your hand and wink from me, returns some of your naughty confidence. With the offending item locked in the car we walk across the car park towards the door. My hand had started low on your back but by the time we reached the stone threshold of the inn, my fingers are tracing circles on the under curves of your bum cheeks, almost hidden by the tattered blue denim.
The pub is sparsely occupied, just the bar man and couple of old regulars. I guide you to the bar and we order drinks. It is noticeable that the conversation had died as we walked in. A glance over my shoulder confirms the reason why. Four sets of eyes are transfixed by you. In unison their gaze raises from your shiny black heels, up your defined calves and on upwards enjoying the sight of your fully exposed thighs. One guy licks his lips and other spills a drip of his beer into his lap as his mind is on other things. The palm of my hand is still resting on your bum. As the barman produces our drinks I squeeze your firm cheeks, gathering some material and lifting the hem an inch higher. You lean in closer to me, aware of what my hand is doing.
Whether the guys behind see your thong wedged between crack or not, they would defiantly have had a nice flash of your lower curves.
A drink now in each hand, I guide you towards the beer garden door.
"Can you bring out some menus when you have a minute?" I ask the barman. And with that we move out into the sunshine. I just catch the start of excited conversation before we walk out onto the grass to the nearby rustic wooded benches and tables.
Placing our drinks on the rough wooded surface I sat straddling the bench. You looked at the table trying to decide the most ladylike way to sit.
"Sit this side with me, just how I am, that way the table won't get in our way."
You stepped over the plank and settle your bottom onto the seat. The skirt was too short to tuck under you and the rough wood grain rubbed against your semi naked bottom. With a leg on each side of the bench you were unable to close your legs together in your normal lady like way. I hardly need to duck my head at all to get a clear view of the silk triangle which tried in vain to cover your pussy. A damp spot had already formed on the shear gusset turning the pretty lace almost transparent.
Although it was approaching the heat of the day there was a light breeze and the wind easily found its way into the thin vest top you almost wore. The wind fluttered the open sections of the modified shirt, running cool air up the long open slit onto your back and through the scooped arm holes and caused your nipples to rise into hard peaks.
He glanced over your shoulder and saw the Barman walking into the garden carrying two menus. As he stepped across the grass he stumbled, oblivious to the rough turf, his eyes fixed on the rear hem of your skirt which just brushed the bench. Your toned legs were fully exposed you're your cute heels almost to your hip. His eyes raked up and down your body as he slowed his approach appreciating the view.
"Your menus Sir" he stuttered holding out the food lists in my general direction but not taking his eyes off you for a second. Rather than going back straight away he tried to look busy doing nothing at the adjacent tables before returning to take our order of two steak baguettes and side order of fries.
He walked back towards the kitchen constantly looking back at you over his shoulder. We continued chatting for a few minutes until I decided to raise the game a little.
"Are you sitting comfortably still?" I enquire deliberately staring at the gap between your thighs under the hem of your customised mini skirt. You flush a bit more pink and give a little nod.
"Well in that case, let's just make you a little more uncomfortable! Put your feet up on the bench please."
You look at me quizzically but comply. Your stiletto's rested on the narrow bench, heels together. Your knees were now raised above the table and what skirt you had was bunched up in the fold at the very top of your thighs. I sway to one side a few inches to look around your shins and to see the raised back of your thighs and the scrap of lace struggling to cover the slight bulge and cleft of your pussy.
Leaning forward I plant a soft kiss on your lips. Our tongue met at the kiss deepened. My hands rested on your knees and slid slowly down your thighs till my fingers dipped below the denim at your hips. I sucked your bottom lip into my mouth and at the same moment hooked a finger of each hand behind the thin elastic waist band of your tiny thong. Your eyes widened but I held your gaze as I gently tugged the elastic down your thighs. With a small whimper of resignation you managed to rise your bum cheeks off the bench fractionally and the G string spring free. I slid it up your thighs, over your raised knees and down over your high heels.
I saw behind you that the Bar man was returning carrying our plates of food. I tucked the damp lace thong into my top pocket leaving a little of the sexy lace on view. The Barman got closer and his eyes were fixed on your raised knees and even more exposed thighs. His approach this time was from the side as he tried to gain the best view of your legs and also the scooped arm hole of your vest top. Finally he placed our food on the table and I broke his spell by saying thank you. He looked at me for the first time since returning to the garden, not that I blamed him, and he gave a shy smile. His eyes caught sight of the thin elastic hanging from my shirt pocket and his surprised eyes opened wide and looked directly into mine. The corner of my mouth curled into a small smile and with a tiny nod I gave him a wink.
My hands were still resting on your feet keeping you from moving, not that you had many options. The Barman visibly swallowed hard, struggling whether to look or not. His courage returned and he glanced to where your legs met the bench. You rubbed your knees together trying desperately to close your thighs tight but in the position I had you in your pussy lips were perfectly on show. He licked his lips and I could see the conflict on his face, knowing he should not be looking but not being able to resist.
"Oh that's delicious, all juicy and just the right amount of pink!" I said teasing his mind more as I took a bite of the steak sandwich. He flustered for a moment before retreating towards the bar again, no doubt to boast to the old regulars propping up the bar about what he saw.
I let you relax and you lower your feet to the floor but still spread on each side of the bench which still allowed me a perfect yet more discreet view of your private area. We soon finished our food and drained our drinks. The sun was still warm and we still had the late afternoon warmth to enjoy. I peeled a couple of notes from my wallet and put them on the table and weighed them down with the unused ash tray.
"That will cover the bill" I said standing up and held out my hand to help you to your feet and step over the bend. Once on your feet you puled you skirt down as far as possible again trying to cover your modesty. Pulling at the back to cover your lower bum cheek curve only caused the front to raise almost exposing your pussy lips. The skirt was the perfect length and the absolute minimum to be considered street legal...well almost.
"Are we going to leave a tip as well?" you ask.
"Well I think he has had that already!" I chuckled in return but decide to make the Barman's day. Reaching to my shirt pocket I tugged out your removed panties. I resist the temptation of bringing them to my nose to inhale your armour again and instead half tucked them under an empty plate.
"Come on lets go before he returns." I lead you by the hand to the side garden exit, avoiding the bar and out into the car park. Opening the door you slid down into the passenger seat but this time you made no attempt to pull your skirt into place. You had resigned to your exposure, and more than that it was turning you on more than you wanted to admit.
Chapter 4 The Journey Home.
As we drove back alone the country lanes with the car windows open you relaxed with the wind blowing in your face add messing with your hair. I drove carefully but when my hand was not on the gear stick changing gear as we swept through the bends it rested on your upper leg, with my fingertips caressing your inner thigh. You laid back in the seat relaxed and enjoyed the warmth of the sun and the feel of my hand. The breeze again accentuated your nipples through your thin white vest top. The large glass of wine you had consumed had left you feeling very mellow and my attentions and your semi exposure for most of the day had kept you aroused, horny, and still wanting another release.
We went past a couple of cottages and motored on into open countryside, the hedgerows flashing past the car as is navigated the dips and curves. We were soon away from all signs of habitation and I soon spotted what I had been looking for. A gap in the hedge beside the verge opened up to reveal a farm gate. I swung the car into the space and pulled on the handbrake. I winked at you and got out, walked around to the boot and took out a large picnic blanket. I opened your door and caught your hand on your pussy and the other squeezing your own breast.
"Mmmmm, naughty girl, are starting without me?" I enquired with a smile.
"I'm sorry, but I am so turn on and wet right now!" You held up two fingers to show me they were slick with juices before sucking them between your lips.
I helped you out of the car and held your hand firmly to steady you in her heels in the rough ground and long grass. My other hand passed around your waist to hold you tight against my hip.
"Where are we going and why stop in the middle of nowhere?" You asked.
My hand dropped to cup your butt cheek below your miniscule skirt and gave it a soft squeeze. "Not far just a very short walk." And with that I opened the gate wide enough for us to pass through. We turned to the right and followed a narrow dry mud path between the hedge and the wide barley field. The corn stems swayed in the light breeze and the warm afternoon sun was starting to lower casting a golden sheen over the landscape. I found a small gap in the crop caused by the wheels of some farm machinery and tugged your hand to pull you out into the corn. You giggled as the long grassy stems sickled high up your bare legs. After a dozen or so yards I stopped looked around and was happy we were out of sight of the road and only observed by a couple of swallows that darted high in the sky. I trod down an area of corn, mentally apologising to the farmer and spread out the blanket. I sat down and kicked off my shoes.
You looked beautiful, the sun bouncing off your hair your pretty face with a cute coy smile knowing exactly why we were in the field, your thighs rubbed together and from my seated position below you I could just see your panty less pussy lips peeking out from below your skirt.
"I think that outfit is surplice to requirement now" I said with a wink.
With that you pulled the vest top straight off over your head and threw it to me to catch. Then undid the single button and very short zip that allowed your belt of a denim skirt to collapse around your heels. You gave me a little spin showing off your gorgeous naked body with its sexy corves and beautiful skin, and took a little nude walk with your hands and bum cheeks brushing the ears of corn.
As I watched I kicked off my shoes and socks, unbuttoned my shirt and struggled out of my jeans, my boxer shorts disappearing in the bundle of clothes.
You turned back to face me and a wide smile spread across your face.
"I see someone is eager!" And with that you returned and stood in just in your heels on the blanket next to me.
I ran my hands up the back of each of your legs and cupped your bum cheeks pulling you gently towards me. I lowered my head and kissed your pubic mound and took a deep breath to detect your musk of arousal.
"Oh God if you start doing that I'm going to cum too quickly", you gasp, dropping to your knees and pushing my legs apart to make room for you to settle between my knees. You look at me from under your cute hair line that falls across your face. "I think you have earned this". You wink and lower your face into my lap.
My cock was already semi hard from your little naked parade but leapt to full attention as your tongue traced a wet lick along its length. The tip of your tongue swirled around the head for a few moments teasing the sensitive underside then dipped down again following the blue vein that was pulsing just below the surface of my skin. Your hands gripped my thighs, your fingers digging into the muscles as I leaned back onto my elbows to give you more access. I could feel your breath on me and hear you purring as you sucked one of my balls between your lips and bathed it with your tongue before turning your head to the other side to repeat the exquisite treatment to my other plum.
Raising your head you looked up into my eyes and opened your mouth to take the head of my cock between your warm wet lips and maintained eye contact as you slid down taking my erection all the way to the back of your throat. You paused tears welling in the corners of your eyes as you fought your gag reflex. I could feel you trying to swallow me even deeper.
Pulling back you gasped for air, drool bridging from my cock to your lips and dribbling over your chin. I could not resist resting my hand softly on your head as you dropped back down to give me one of the most memorable blow jobs a man could ever dream of.
After just a few minutes the sensations were becoming too much and I pulled you up off me and hugged you to my chest; kissing you deeply.
"I love you so much" I confessed and with that in your straddled position over my lap you lowered your hot wet pussy down onto my rampant manhood until you settled fully impaled on my shaft. With a sigh you began to rock your hips allowing a few inches of my erection to slide back and forth against your clit. Adjusting your knees allowed your movements to increase and my thrusts up into you gained length and momentum. Your hands gripped my shoulders as the passion of our love making increased.
Your vagina muscles ripples against my cock as it throbbed within the velvet passage to your womb. Your beasts bounced before my eyes. I wanted to suck a nipple between my lips but our movements were growing too frantic. A sheen of perspiration melted our skin together and I watched entranced as a bead if sweat ran from your neck across your chest to disappear down your cleavage. You lent back away from be grinding your pussy hard against my manhood. Your nipples pointing to the cloudless sky.
Between pants I heard you begin to mutter...
Oh Fuck...Oh Fuck...Oh Fuck with each thrust.
Your thighs began to shake and you squealed loud not caring who would hear even though we were totally alone. You Orgasm collided with mine starting at the point of our union and radiating out to every pleasure sensor in our bodies. Your vagina clamped hard on my penis holding it at its full depth. My balls overflowed with its hot seed racing to explode in a torrent within your unseen depths. My vision blurred for a few moments as blood drained into my cock to give a few final pulses as you sat above me quivering and twitching out of control from the sensations you were feeling...
Twenty minutes later we lay still naked on the blanked. Your arm across me and your lead on my chest. You had one leg bent at the knee draped over my thigh. I stroked your hair and felt our combined juices begin to dry on my exhausted dick. A wet spot near my hip; evidence of my cum and your fluids dribbling from your sore satisfied pussy lips.
I held you tight as you give a light shiver. The heat of the day passing quickly as the sun started to set.
"Thank you my little Slave. You have done well today. Now its time for me to return you home for a warm bubble bath and a relaxing evening."
"Mmmm yes it's been a perfect day my Master. A warm bath sounds wonderful and I am yours totally yours."
The End.