My husband was standing in our kitchen, blatantly displaying mixed emotions. He was obviously in a sexual agitated state with what was possibly going to take place, but also a high degree of anxiety swamped his very being.
"You can stop this anytime you wish, that is, until we set foot in the studio. Once we're in the studio, there will be no turning back!" I said sternly "Once we arrive there, I will be posing for the camera and I will be getting fucked!"
A smile flashed across hubby's flushed face as he nodded his head subserviently. In the space of one day he had gone from normal jealous husband type to actively pursuing voyeur with some cuckold tendencies. I wasn't complaining though as I was about to spend the evening with two cocks who used to pleasure immensely in my younger days.
I was dressed in my glamour model undies so no time would be wasted and we would hit the ground running on our arrival.
Hubby held up my long Mac for me to slip my arms into. I slid each arm inside the coat as hubby pulled it up over my shoulders. With the coat still open and my lingerie clad body peeking out, it looked incredibly sexy and a little bit slutty. Just the look I was aiming for. Hubby placed the bag in the car and we headed off to the studio where our sex lives would change forever!
Memory of the short drive is an absolute blur. We parked directly outside the studio as most of the city centre traffic would now be heading to the warmth of their homes.
I was a little nervous but sexually aroused as I climbed out of the car. Hubby leapt out of the car excitedly, grabbing the bag, locking the car door and walking me fervently to the door of the studio. I looked at my excited hubby and smiled endearingly. I leant forward into his ear and whispered softly.
"I love you!"
Hubby winked cheekily and pressed the doorbell of the studio. There would be no turning back now!
I heard the footsteps coming down the stairs to open the door for us. With each step taken, my pussy would quiver and tremble with excitement. As the door was being unlocked I swear my pussy was so wet a little trail of pussy juice was running down my inner thigh.
The door flung open and standing in the frame wearing a huge grin was Neil my photographer ex lover. He nodded to my husband then almost dragged me through the door holding me tightly as he gave me the mother of all hugs. Maintaining his reputation his hands were inside my coat, gliding over the sexy material, then feeling my huge firm exposed breasts, squeezing them gently, then moving his hand down to my bare and hairless pussy! His face lit up as he slid a large finger between my slit, stirring my pussy majestically.
"I'm so pleased you've kept your pussy shaved!" He smiled not paying one ounce of attention to my husband as he fingered his wife in the hallway of his studio.
"Come on upstairs, someone is dying to meet you!" He winked "Take your coat off and walk up the stairs. I want to see that fabulous and shaved slit as you walk up the stairs!" He grinned removing my coat and handing it to my husband.
I was standing in the hallway wearing my under bust corset, fishnet stockings and sexy shoes. My large breasts were on view as was my smooth shaved pussy. Neil was licking his lips as though he was about to devour a gourmet meal.
"You look better than you did all those years ago. You've matured into a magnificent slut!" He giggled, indicating I should start climbing the stairs.
I began to head toward the stairs and slowly ascended each step. As each leg moved forward, my pussy would open, encouraged by me as I pushed my ass out and arched my back deliberately.
Neil moved the palm of his hand between my legs, cupping my pussy and slowly rubbed my mound as though he was feeding a horse. I was tingling all over, being manhandled so wonderfully in front of my husband. I was n't sure I could make the top of the stairs without achieving orgasm. Neil slid his middle finger inside my pussy, slowly thrusting upward. I was moaning loudly as I had to stop walking upstairs and hold the wall to steady myself as a thunderous orgasm swept through me.
I rocked on Neils finger, draining every single ounce of pleasure from orgasm. I heard feet shuffle at the top of the stairs.
"What's all the noise?"
I looked up to Tom, Neil's brother standing at the top of the stairs with his cock out already.
I giggled watching him stroke his huge erection at the top of the stairs.
"Bring her up stairs Neil, she looks fucking awesome!" Tom said in a loud voice.
"I'll bring her in a second!" Neil said removing his finger from my shaved pussy then unzipping his trousers. I felt the heat of his cock between my legs as he nudged the head slowly between my pussylips until his full length was inside me. My breath excitedly left my body as I began to pant uncontrollably. I was being fucked on the stairs as my husband stood by watching whilst another guy was stroking his cock looking down at the sexual spectacle.
"You still love cock baby don't you?" Neil said in a stern tone.
"I fucking love cock. I've missed having this one inside me!" I panted.
"Even having it up your ass?" He snarled.
"Oh fuck yes!" I said through gritted teeth as a second orgasm began to surge through me.
"Finger my ass while you fuck me!" I pleaded, riding his large cock.
"Hear that Tom? She's still a dirty little slut!" He laughed, spanked my buttock with a stinging slap, then slid his finger inside my tight asshole.
I glanced over at hubby momentarily, to see a leering smile etched on his face as he looked on wide eyed at his loving wife being fucked in the shaved pussy and her tight asshole being fingered.
Neil and Tom had no regard for my husband whatsoever. I was here as their model and sexual plaything, to do with as they pleased. My husband was not objecting and I was enjoying every single second of it. It was good to be back in the saddle of the slut life once more.
"Come on Neil get the slut up here! She could have been sucking my cock while you were banging the slut!" Tom laughed.
They spoke of me as though I was their personal property, to do with as they wished, which at that very moment was a true and accurate statement. I was theirs and they could do whatever they wanted to me, and there would be no objections from me or my pervert husband.
Neil removed his cock, leaving me somewhat unsteady on my feet. He guided me up the remaining stairs, straight past Tom and into the studio. As soon as I set foot in the studio, the home of some of my most erotic memories, my state of arousal heightened. My nipples were so erect they were in danger of snapping off completely. My pussy was tingling with sexual electric pulses as a thousand orgasmic memories travelled through my mind. My asshole puckered inverting then pushing slightly, itching sexually, wanting to be penetrated.
I was on heat big time from the erotic memories but when the musky scent of both guys cocks enticed my nostrils, I became the sexually expressive porno slut.
I dipped a finger into my tight wet pussy and smiled.
"It's been a long time since I was a slut guys! Who wants to fuck my ass first?" I quizzed the guys with a lusty look sexual eroticism.
Neil winked at me, smiling as he passed a photo album to my hubby.
"That's what your slut wife got up to in the past. Once I get the camera rolling you can see for yourself just how much of a hot slut your wife can be!"
"I think I've just witnessed some of it on the stairs!" My husband laughed.
"It's good that you're a kinky fucker, cause if she agrees we'll be filming and fucking her at least twice a week. Sometimes you can come along and watch if you like, but there will be times when we'll need her to be a dirty cheating slut without your presence!" Neil declared looking hubby directly in the eye, almost intimidating him.
I found the way Neil spoke and acted toward my husband to be very arousing.
Hubby nodded his acceptance of the terms and conditions to Neil, who acknowledged his response by bending my over a table and sliding his huge cock into my soaking wet pussy. I moaned noisily enjoying the deep thrusts of Neil's cock. Hubby was staring spellbound, aroused immensely but in a state of sexual shock.
Neil removed his cock from my pussy and showed it to Neil.
"Look how wet your slut of a wife is? She's desperate for cock and me and Tom will be giving her lots of it!" He stated as he pushed his hard length back in my pussy. I began panting like the whore of Babylon, holding my ass cheeks wide open, showing Neil my pink puckered ring shudder with every thrust.
Tom walked over to a camera on a tripod and hit a button. He then walked over to another camera, this time set up on what can only be described as a desk lamp arrangement, pressing another button he looked over at his brother fucking me.
"Cameras are rolling so I'm coming in to get my cock sucked!"
My eyes rolled with sexual desire as Toms footsteps resonated around the studio as he headed toward my head. His cock was at my cheek and I could smell the musky aroma of his rock hard cock. The smell only increased my arousal as I opened my mouth and rested his cock on my tongue. I rolled my tongue around the tip of his impressive erection then pursed my lips over his bulbous dome and slid his cock deep in my slut mouth. I heard hubby audibly gasp as Toms cock slid in and out of my made up lips. I glanced over at hubby who was rubbing the front of his trousers watching his slut wife pleasure two older men.
"You still suck cock like an upmarket whore!" Tom snarled, enjoying the pleasurable delights of m tongue and lips.
"Wait until you feel how tight her cunt is!" Neil laughed "I'll try nit to stretch it too much!"
"Is she still tight?" Tom queried.
I oscillated my vaginal walls, squeezing my pussy tightly on Neil's cock, almost milking him.
"Fucking hell! She's only squeezing my cock tightly with her cunt!" Neil said through gritted teeth.
"If she can do that with her asshole we're in for a treat!" Tom giggled, stroking my head softly.
"Try me!" I panted slipping my lips off Toms cock briefly.
"Get on the bed Tom! I want to try this sluts ass while hubby looks on!" Neil said, maintaining the torment of my husband.
The cocks were unplugged from my mouth and pussy as Tom stretched out on the bed. Neil guided me over Toms cock, letting me slide down Toms masterful cock.
"Fucking hell she is a tight slut!" Tom said looking over at my husband "Does she not get any extra cock now she's married?"
"Just yours!" my husband spoke quietly staring at the spectacle before him.
Neil climbed on the bed positioning himself directly behind me. My legs were spread across Toms waist as his cock slid in and out slowly. Neil looked down at my exposed asshole and spat directly on to my puckered ring. I groaned a sigh of sexual delight as his cock nudged my sphincter open, feeling my sphincter snap back around his cock as he slowly fed his length inside my asshole. For the first time in years I was experiencing the joyful delights of a double penetration, and it was every bit as enjoyable as I recalled.
My husband was in suspended belief, watching his slut wife easily take two huge cocks at the same time.
I was now in a sexual frenzy, riding both cocks, begging them to fuck me hard and make me cum!
My husband had seen me in such a state of arousal, taking huge cocks in my pussy and ass, begging for them to fuck me hard and give me their spunk! A quick glance at my husband verified his shock but his unmistakable arousal. He'd stopped touching his own cock at this point, I assumed as he was so close to orgasm and wanted to see the whole show while in this peak sexual state of arousal.
"I've missed these cocks!" I yelled "Your socks are so much bigger than my husbands!" I continued, watching my husband squirm at my humiliating sentence.
Neil and Tom both laughed at my husbands discomfort, interjecting with some well chosen words of their own.
"Your wife really loves big cocks inside her cunt and ass!| Tom snarled.
"She'll have to come round here without your knowledge just to get her fix of big cock regularly!" Neil added.
Hubby groaned the most sexual groan I'd ever heard. This was world class arousal he was experiencing, taunted by two guys as his wife fucked their cocks like the biggest slut in history.
"I want you all to spunk in my mouth!" I quivered "You too!" I panted, looking over at my sexually demented husband.
The brothers removed their cocks from my still tight holes, kneeling either side of my face, stroking their cocks furiously. Tom was the first to release his spunk, splashing thick creamy dollops of seed on my lips and cheeks.
"Take my spunk slut!" Tom snarled as I licked the tip of his exploding cock.
I managed to remove every drop of spunk from his cock, when Neil moved forward and unloaded his forceful spunk in my mouth, spurting an alarming amount of thick masculine seed. I sucked and licked his cock as though my life depended on it.
"Swallow my spunk whore!" Neil growled, holding his large cock at my open mouth.
I obediently swallowed every drop and strand of his thick alpha male spunk.
My husband raced forward at this point, holding his hand over the head of his cock and squeezing tightly, to prevent his orgasm.
I stroked his balls gently as he removed his hand from the head of his cock as the biggest deposit he has ever made spurted out of the eye of his cock, splashing my cheeks, lips and chin.
My face was coated in his thick creamy spunk as he continued stroking his cock frenziedly.
I slid my soft lips over his deflating sensitive cock and licked the head slowly and sensually. His body trembled and jerked as every nerve of his body experienced his sensational orgasm.
"Steady on son!" Neil giggled "We haven't finished fucking the slut just yet! We'll clean her up, re-touch her make up, take a good few photographs of your very sexy wife, showing her very sexy body, then we'll all fuck her once more on video!"
"Lucky me!" I giggled.
"While you're getting your breath back, have a look through the portfolios and see what this naughty girl used to get up to!" Neil said smiling "And if you're ok with it, I'll give you a copy of tonights recordings and some of her past performances for you to take home with you!"
"If she is to come here on her own, I'd like a copy of those recording also!" Hubby smiled.