A story about my early career and how I started enjoying my fetish for older men and exhibitionism. It put me on a road where I have both had: and given, immense pleasure ...
It didn't seem the greatest start to my career, but it was full time work and I was definitely doing some positive good deeds for the community.
My first week was to shadow Margaret while she called on various homes around the area delivering food to elderly people who were in assisted living housing.
We start at the depot at 9am and collect up to 40 meals. Once loaded into the small van, we made our way to a list of small houses and apartments and start to make the deliveries.
Margaret got on well with all of the people she delivered to, most were very pleasant with the occasional grump. The vast majority of them were older men, many widowed who were living alone in small assisted accommodation.
Usually one bedroom, a small kitchen and a lounge and bathroom was all they had. There were a few older women too in similar situations, although I think many of the women in this situation were happy to cook for themselves.
The meals were delivered in take away foil cases, so that there was no washing up and no cutlery or plates to collect, the system worked well and there was plenty of time to stop and small talk with the recipients, some of them made us tea or coffee and we sat and talked with them for a little while. They were very sweet, and I felt good being part of something that helped people in their later life.
After my first week shadowing Margaret she told me that it was her last week and that I would be taking over her route full time from the following Monday. She prepared me by ensuring I had all of the addresses and knew where to find the locations. I was a little nervous starting out on my own and worried I would get the food to my customers late if I got stuck in traffic.
But the food was all kept heated in transit so a little later here or there made no difference. Most of the food was actually cold, sandwiches etc, only a handful had ordered hot food for the lunchtime shift.
"Be careful of Roger," said Margaret on her last day.
"He is a bit of a pervert, he will try and grab your backside if you bend over near him, and he doesn't mind talking filthy either." She continued.
"OK, I'll keep an eye out for that" I replied.
No sooner had I replied, I was already looking forward to my first alone visit to Roger's, I was hoping I would be his type. Margaret was a pretty woman, quite plump with a large bottom and breasts. I was a lot slimmer but also had large breasts, I was proud of my backside so hoped he would find me as attractive as he obviously did Margaret.
"The other one to watch out for is Trevor." Margaret warned.
"I swear I caught him playing with himself once when I was in his kitchen. I came back into the lounge and he was fumbling with his shorts, if I'd have come back in a moment earlier god knows what I would have seen. You have to understand, they have no female company so seeing us with our smiling faces sometimes gets them a little excited." Margaret explained.
"I understand. "I replied.
"I will keep an eye out but will also try and spend a little time with them, I can see how much they appreciate having a tea or coffee with you, I guess they're just lonely." I continued.
Margaret agreed, but then warned me further about Trevor.
"I saw how Trevor was looking at you when we were there on Wednesday, you're his type, so be careful." Margaret warned.
I was his type? Well, I was now looking forward to next Wednesday already!
My mind raced at the thought of what he might do or say to me. I must be professional however, I thought, I didn't want to lose my job.
The first few days were difficult getting used to my route, I found it quite stressful, but after the first full couple of weeks I managed to find my feet and get around in time.
I was finding time to stop and chat with the guys, even flirting a little with a few of them. Neither Roger or Trevor had made any advances on me and I had kind of forgotten about it with the determination to get my job right, so all was going well.
It was about a month into the job when Roger made his first comment to me.
"Here she is, my little ray of sunshine." He said as he opened his front door to me.
I brought the food in and put it in his kitchen as usual. He followed me in and said. "What a beautiful body, shame you cover so much of it up."
"What do you expect me to wear delivering food?" I asked, "I guess the company uniform is not the most flattering!" I agreed.
"It's what you've got on underneath it that interests me." he said. "
"And how do you know what I've got on underneath?" I asked, playing his game and flirting a little, encouraging him to continue with a cheeky smile and my hand on my hip.
"Black bra and panties." he said. "Sometimes you wear a thong, the sides come over your white trousers." He said. "Not today though it would seem." he continued.
I blushed a little as Roger had obviously been checking me out and staring to see what underwear I was wearing on each visit. He was right, black today but no thong. He was pretty good at this.
"Perhaps I'll surprise you next week." I said with a smile on my face.
"Looking forward to it already." He said, and I smiled and winked as I left.
He smiled as he watched me walk down his path to my van, I swayed my hips a little to show my ass off and turned and smiled as I got into the van. I was already looking forward to the next visit, just two days away.
When I awoke on Thursday morning I showered and dressed in my white uniform ready for the day. A tingle of excitement sat in my tummy as I remembered my last visit with Roger.
Time to plan the underwear and rearrange my calls so that he was my last visit.
I rearranged my rota, then went to my underwear draw to see what I could tease him with today.
I chose a tiny white thong, I would ensure it was pulled up high and I would let my work trousers drop low so that he could see the back and sides. A matching white bra, a little see through would also work and be comfortable for the morning too.
After making all my deliveries, I rushed a little and never stopped to chat with some of my customers like I normally did. I was in a hurry to get to Rogers' and wanted to save some time so that I didn't have to rush off.
However, earlier in the day when I got to Trevor's place, I delivered the food as normal, but when I bent down to drop his food onto the kitchen table, my trousers seemed to be hanging low and my thong which I had put on to tempt Roger was on display a little more than I had expected.
"Blimey, you're not wearing much under that uniform today Beth, are you?" He said.
"Oh, sorry Trevor, these trousers are too loose, I didn't mean to frighten you!" I joked, glad he had noticed but also in a rush to get to Rogers.
"What a body you've been hiding under that uniform eh?" He said.
"If I was 20 years younger..." he continued.
"Well Trevor, if you were 20 year younger, I wouldn't be here." I replied.
Then I realised I should encourage him more, but try to delay this discussion until the next time.
"I am in a bit of a hurry today Trevor, maybe on Monday you can make me a coffee and I can stay a little longer." I suggested.
"You'd do that for me?" poor Trevor asked.
"Of course, it's a date!" I said. "Coffee on Monday at 12, I will dress accordingly!" I said with a saucy smile.
"Can't wait." He said as I left and walked to my van.
Once again, I wiggled my hips and gave a smile and wink as I got into the van.
I think I saw him reach straight for his pants as he closed the door!
At 2.30pm I arrived outside Roger's flat. Looking into his window I could see him get up from his sofa when I arrived. He was obviously looking forward to it. What he didn't know was, so was I!
After some deliberation, I decided to remove my bra while sorting through my van to find his meal. I also undid the top bottom of my shirt and let my trousers hang loosely. As I closed my door and walked towards his flat, he opened his door to greet me.
What greeted him was a cleavage he had not seen before. Where I had no bra on, my breasts were also wobbling free in my loose-fitting work shirt. Although it was not see thru, it was tight enough around the bust for my slightly erect nipples to show through, and I could see Roger's eyes were wide and fixed on my breasts as I walked with a spring in my step to increase their wobble.
I greeted Roger and he almost licked his lips as he followed behind me and closed the door.
I went into the kitchen as usual and placed his food on the kitchen table. To do this I made a complete exaggeration and bent over with my legs straight, pushing my ass into the air and showing off my tiny white thong to Roger.
As I looked around, I smiled at him and asked him if everything was OK.
"My god!" he said, "No bra and a tiny white thong, you are such a tease Beth, I love it."
"Sit down Roger." I commanded.
Roger walked backwards into his lounge and sat down on the sofa. I followed him in and made for the windows where I pulled the curtains together, giving us total privacy.
"What are you going to do Beth?" he asked, quivering with anticipation.
"You wanted to see my underwear Roger, so let's do it." I said.
I unbuttoned my shirt and slowly pulled it off one side, hiding my left breast with my hand. I uncovered my right breast now and slowly let the shirt fall to the floor. Slowly moving my hands away from my breasts and revealing my nipples for the first time to Roger.
He gasped as I turned and slowly pulled my trousers down, revealing my thong.
I turned around and swayed my hips from side to side pulling my thong panty sides up and down.
"Would you like me to continue Roger?" I asked
"Yes, please continue." Stuttered Roger, now bulging out of his trousers.
I slowly pulled my thong down revealing my freshly showered and shaved pussy.
I walked over to him and straddled across him, my breasts just centimetres from his face and my naked pussy over his crotch. He grabbed my head and pulled me towards him, kissing me and pushing his tongue into my mouth.
I hungrily kissed ed him back, sucking his tongue and kissing him hard then reached down to rub his cock inside his trousers.
He rubbed my pussy and we continued kissing as he freed his rock-hard cock. Squeezing my breasts now he tried to put his cock inside me.
I sat up and brought myself down onto his cock. He gasped as I covered him with my wet pussy and started to ride him. I brought myself to an amazing orgasm as he squeezed and sucked my breasts while I rode him, with one hand ticking his balls the other behind his head as I continued to ride him.
He soon warned me of the impending cum that was about to shoot from his cock.
"Not inside me." I said, as I jumped off him and reached down and took his cock in my mouth.
I stroked and sucked him, then he arched his back as he reached orgasm and I felt his warm salty cum fill my mouth.
I swallowed and sat back up, he pulled me in to kiss him again.
We cleaned up and I left with a smile, "See you on Tuesday." I said, as I left him exhausted on his sofa.
But not until my date with Trevor I thought...