Chapter Four -- Unexpected Pictures
It was two days later when Dan found the note. He was taking the garbage out when he saw the white envelope under the car's windshield wiper. After dumping the trash in the bin, he grabbed the note and opened it up. It was a short typed note:
Take a look at www.mynakedwoman.com. Look under the real-time link and you might see something of interest.
That was enough to peak his interest. He knew the note did not come from his wife, and was not sure why he was receiving it.
Later that same day Dee announced that she needed to run to the grocery store to get a few items for dinner. She dressed, kissed her husband goodbye, and took the car.
Dan, realizing that this time was about good as any other, located his laptop and fired it up. He sat back and let the machine fully boot up, then quickly logged on, entering his password on the screen. He located his notes on how to connect to a wireless router and found the name of the one used in the rental unit. After that he selected the browser and brought up his home page. He carefully typed in the URL 'www.mynakedwoman.com' and waited as the screen painted. Finding the link, he clicked on it. A new page displayed with individual pictures of naked women, each with a different name. As he scanned the page his eyes stopped upon a picture that looked strangely like his wife. Moving the cursor over the picture he realized that it was another link and he doubled-clicked again. This time a new page of pictures appeared, each of the same woman that he could swear was Dee, he just was not sure where these were taken. As he studied each picture he recognized the deck to their rental and the lounge chair on which she laid naked. Each picture showed her playing with herself and getting more excited. Dan was getting very nervous, because he understood that these were pictures of his wife and wondered when these pictures were taken. The good news, if there was any, was her face was hidden behind shades and a hat, such that she really could not be identified. But who took these pictures and when?
Dan studied each photograph. On the bottom of each picture was a caption, stating something dirty about what she was doing. It also read as if this person enjoyed being her voyeur. Finally Dan found some text at the top of the page that read:If her boyfriend sees these pictures, he should me at Joe's Thursday at noon to get answers. I will be wearing a large cowboy hat and will answer to the name of Jack.
Dan knew of a little bar named JOE's down the road just off the island. Could this be the same bar referred in the note? There was only one way to find out, and that meant he would have to wait one more day.
He went back to the pictures and studied them for more clues. At first he was furious that someone had seen his naked wife and took these pictures. But as she moved from one picture to the next he realized that his fantasy was playing out on the WEB, he was enjoying her exhibitionism. His anger was morphing into excitement. The fact that his wife was naked on the internet didn't hurt either. This was something he dreamt about doing, would never have done on his own, but now here she was for all to see. It excited him to think other men could be lusting over his wife.
There were still questions that needed to be answered. Dan would find an excuse to see this man alone on Thursday, but he was not sure how he would get away by himself to do so.
***** ***** ***** *****
It was fast approaching noon on Thursday when Dan announced that he needed to drive into town for a beer run. Dee looked up from her magazine, blew him a kiss, and waved him on. Dan flew out of the house; he was a man on a mission.
Twenty minutes later the car was off the island, and he was parking in front of Joe's. Inside, the bar was dark, even though it was a bright sunny day outside. It took just a minute for Dan's eyes to adjust and then scan the room. There were three people drinking at the bar, none wearing a hat. Dan turned to the left, spotted one individual way in the back, sitting in a booth, under a cowboy hat, staring at him. He walked over to the table and asked, "Are you Jack?"
"Yes, please have a seat. I am glad you found my note. I see you came alone; I was hoping that beautiful creature might be with you." A large manila envelope was sitting in front of him on the table.
His comment was not received well by Dan; he bit his tongue, placed his anger in check, and sat down. "Those pictures on-line are of my wife, right?"
"Right."
"How did you get them?"
"Well, there's a story there, and you actually helped."
"How could I have possibly helped?" Dan was confused and still angry.
"You put on quite a show Saturday night, so I came back the next day, only to catch a new show in the afternoon. I noticed that you were taking pictures from the dunes, so I conjured up a plan that I thought might work."
"What plan? And how did you get my wife to pose nude for you on the deck."
"I left a gift at your door with a note. Then I found a spot in the dunes and waited."
"Waited for what?"
"Waited for your wife to read the message and come out to pose."
"Wait a minute, you left a note at my door which asked my wife to come outside to pose naked, and she did?"
"Well, not exactly. I wrote the note to sound like you wrote it. In the note you ask her to come out and pose as she did before. She thought the note was from you and then she obliged me."
"You tricked her."
"I guess you might say that, and you would be correct. I am sure the champagne may have helped her with the decision."
Dan had wondered how he got her to pose nude for him. Now he had a pretty good idea that this guy pulled it off without her knowing."
"So you took the pictures, moved them to the internet, and left me a note. Is that correct?"
"That is correct."
"Now I guess you want money from me. How much do you want for the pictures?" Thinking that this was now a blackmail session.
"Money? I don't want any money from you. I have a proposition that I need to talk to you about."
"There is nothing to talk about, except those pictures." Rationalizing that this guy must want some sexual favor if he did not want money.
"Actually there is a proposition that I would like to present to you and your wife."
"There will be no talking to my wife about this. This topic is only between you and me." Dan sternly announced.
"Okay, let me explain. I am a professional photographer. I have shot a number of magazine covers, allowing me to work with many beautiful women over the years. I have photographed hundreds of gorgeous women, but I grew tired of the plastic bodies and fake boob jobs. I started to focus on natural women, and moved away from the pros. Now that I know she is your wife, this makes this next step all that easier. I would like to hire your wife as my model."
Now Dan was confused, but still angry, so did not know how to react to this offer. He had expected to be extorted and now he was hearing that this man would pay money for Dee to model. But the catch remained for his wife to stand in front of him naked. Dan's mind was racing in overtime. He had always fantasized about someone else photographing his wife; now here was the chance for his fantasy to come true. He was not ready to let this opportunity slip away. "So you want to pay my wife to pose for you nude. Is that correct?"
"Yep, exactly."
"And what will you do with these pictures, once you have them?"
"Well, you saw my WEB site. Having more pictures of your beautiful wife will help to bring others to my site to purchase items that I sell. I must tell you that from the comments I have received, she is really is a big hit. They want to see more of her. All of her, if you know what I mean." Jack ended with a smile.
Dan more than understood what this man wanted to do, and he knew the answer he would get from his wife. But there was this naughty excitement that was growing in his pants that had taken charge of his brain. "What if she says no?"
"Well, no means no, and I would have to pull all of her pictures from my site."
Dan saw where this was going, and he was not sure he was ready for it to end, at least not yet. Rolling his eyes Dan finally said, "Let me talk to her and see what she says. I am not sure where this will go, but if it does not go well it would be best that you stay in the shadows and not talk to her. How can I get in touch with you?"
It was not the answer Jack was hoping to hear, but it certainly was not a negative answer. Thinking quickly he added, "Do you remember the wooden bench at the end of your path to the beach?"
"Yes".
"Place your note in an envelope under the bench with my name on it and I will find it. Will that work for you?"
"Yes, that will work for me, except I don't know your real name."
"You have my real name. I am Jack. What is yours?"
"Dan."
"I have made copies of all the pictures I took of your wife and they are in this envelope. Please take them as a gift from me to the two of you to enjoy. I will wait your answer, hoping it will be positive."
Both men slid out of the booth and stood up. Jack handed the pictures to Dan. Jack reached out to shake Dan's hand. Dan took the package, saw Jack's hand, and extended his own.
"I hope to hear from you soon." Jack added. Then turned and walked out of the bar.
Dan stood with the package in his hands, letting his mind work in overtime. There were a lot of things he need to work out in his head, but first he need to get home. He walked out of the bar and got into his car. Not wanting Dee to see these pictures, he opened the package. Sitting in the parked car, Dan took out the pictures. Moving through them quickly he looked down upon his beautiful wife lying naked outside with a vibrator planted between her legs. Some of the pictures he recognized from the WEB site, but there were a few new pictures. Many more shots of his wife, clearly showing her face and the enjoyment she was having. After all these years he didn't know she was such an exhibitionist, but these outside photographs clearly defined her as such. And they excited him to look at each picture. She was on display for the whole world to see. His mind was racing towards a few conclusions. He was not ready to show her these pictures yet. He realized the potential in having Jack take more photographs. The question now was, would she agree or would she disappoint him by saying NO. He was not ready to take that chance yet. He wasn't sure what he would do next, except he needed to get home quickly to Dee.
Dan put the car into drive and sped back to the beach house. He ran into the house, found his wife, picked her up and kissed her.
She was surprised by his actions. He quickly stripped her of her clothing standing in front of a large open window. In no time she was naked. He kissed her with passion. She was enjoying how he thrust himself upon her. He turned her around and placed her hands on the glass. There would be no orgasm for her today; only for him. Something had gotten into her husband that made him horny and he was going to have his way with her.
She was being forced to stand completely naked in front of a floor to ceiling window. Dan stood behind her running his hands up her body, and playing with her breasts. At one point Dee tried to turn around to kiss him, but he grabbed her waist, held tight, making sure her charms remained on display to anyone walking by. She could almost swear that he was doing this on purpose; presenting her body to anyone watching outside.
Dan looked out over the dunes, fantasizing that a number of couples were watching as he played with her at the window. He also imagined that Jack was outside taking pictures of the two of them making love as he slipped inside her from behind. That last thought alone was enough to bring him to a quick orgasm. He held her breasts, not letting her move from the window as he enjoyed his orgasm on top of his wobbling legs. After slipping out of her, he picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. They would lie together; take a short afternoon nap, tight in each other's arms. As Dan fell asleep, Dee smiled to herself, wondering what came over him to do this. This was exciting, but completely out of character for her husband.
***** ***** ***** *****
Later that evening, as the sun was setting, Dan found time to clear his head and think. He had taken another look at the pictures while Dee prepared dinner. They were great pictures and he knew he wanted more. The fact that the pictures were posted on the WEB only excited him further. He had his answer for Jack. He wanted Jack to take more picture of his wife and put them on that site.
After dinner he wrote his message, strolled down the beach by himself, to place the envelope under the bench. In the note were instructions to Jack on what needed to happen next. Dan walked quickly back to the house after hiding the note. There were a few things that need to happen before Dee's next modeling session.