Steph lay back on the sofa with her legs wide open, stroking her shaved gaping pussy. Carl's cum was still running out of her pussy as she stared at me with a look of lust and shame.
"I didn't mean it to go so far. I'm so sorry" she spoke softly as she continued stroking her well fucked pussy.
"You definitely meant it to go that far. You fucking loved having that huge cock inside you. You've never enjoyed sex like that before and you were worshiping his cock" I smiled watching the creamy white spunk stick to her exploring fingers. She lifted her come drenched fingers from her pussy and deliberately licked every drop off her extended digits.
"Mmmm! He tastes as good as he feels!" she smiled licking the black man's cum from her long nailed fingers.
I was in a suspended state of arousal. My mind was stimulated beyond belief but my impotence was still valid. Her words and actions were a humiliating torture which I was thriving on. She kept her legs wide open, displaying her shaved gaping slit. She gently stroked her swollen and stretched labia as she looked at me with quite a devilish smirk.
"It was good to have a cock that big fill my cunt and flood it with his manly seed!" she continued with her taunting. "I can't wait for him to return and complete my tattoo. Maybe I could get him to do some more tattoos and fuck me while you watch his cock take your cheating wife's pussy. You can't even play with your lifeless dick while he makes me feel more of a woman than you ever did!" she stated in a sarcastic taunting voice.
"He should come back and fuck you. You loved having his cock inside you, you displayed and gave yourself to him so easily!" I confirmed.
"When I went to his shop I told him he could fuck me as long as you could watch, so it was all planned. It was his request to fuck me wearing stockings and heels. I think I'll wear something kinky in leather or PVC when he visits on Thursday" she calmly informed me.
"You set this up? I've never seen you so aroused before. Not even the time in the swingers club when the guy with the huge cock fucked you and then you went into the private room with the two well hung guys, who fucked your pussy and ass at the same time" I confessed
"You knew about that!" she said in a shocked voice.
"I was waiting for you to tell me, but when you didn't, I liked the idea of you being a cheating hot wife slut!" I pronounced.
"Well Wilf get used to the idea, as from this moment on, that's exactly what I am. A cheating hot wife slut that will only fuck and suck huge cocks!" she sneered, taunting me with a look of disdain.
I gazed at my beautiful wife who was now a fully fledged slut and appeared to proud of the fact.
"I'll become Carl's hot slut for a while then I think we will return to the swinging scene where I can have my pick of hot guys and their huge cocks!" she smiled as she climbed off the sofa, smearing her cum drenched fingers across my cheek. Walking out of our lounge, her sexy curvy body draped in her Waspie and stockings, she moved to the hallway and climbed the stairs to take a shower.
I sat in shock for a few moments collecting my thoughts at her sexual antics. I couldn't get the picture out of my mind of her thrashing beneath Carl, almost begging him to fuck her deeply. My mind was stimulated but unfortunately my cock was limp and flaccid. I climbed the stairs to find Steph getting out of the shower. I walked over to her and wrapped a huge towel around her wet curvy body. She stood proud and erect, almost Amazonian, as I dried her soft smooth skin.
I could sense a change in our relationship as though I was now her servant to obey all her commands. There was a definite change in her attitude, a more confident and somewhat arrogant air about her demeanour. I patted her body dry and went to gently rub the soft towel across her shaved pussy.
"That's not for you anymore!" she said rather cuttingly "That's only for real men with big cocks!" she taunted, getting into her dominant role immediately.
"You can make sure my pussy is shaved smooth for Carl and anyone else who wants to fuck me, but that is the only time you'll be touching it. Unless I think you deserve a reward and I'll give you an injection and let you empty that pathetic little cock on my tits!" she sneered thriving on my torment.
I looked at my loving wife with my mouth open in shock at the hurtful words tumbling from her beautiful lips.
"From now on honey this girl is a big cock slut and you've seen firsthand how my pussy reacts to a big cock. You know full well even if you could get hard, that you could never give me pleasure the way that Carl and those other guys could!" She looked almost pitiful at my predicament as she continued.
"And I'm so glad you know about those guys in the past fucking my pussy and ass. That's something I have to do with Carl and maybe his friend Neil? They both seemed to enjoy fingering my pussy and ass in their shop when I visited them earlier. Maybe they'll enjoy more when I give them my shaved pussy and tight asshole to fuck!"
She managed to shock me once more with the revelation that Carl and his partner had already enjoyed the pleasure of her curvy sexy body, albeit fingering only and in their tattoo parlour, but I could picture her with her legs open as the guys fingered and abused her holes as she allowed them to use her like a cheap slut. I could see in my mind's eye my beautiful wife with her legs quivering as the two guy's finger blasted her pussy and pawed at her huge wonderful breasts. I could imagine her kissing them sloppily as she panted her way to orgasm like a wanton bitch in heat. She most likely had an audience as the guys treat her body like a sex object.
She moved closer to me and run her snakelike tongue gently across my lips. He magnificent naked breasts were thrust into my chest as I felt the warmth of her beautiful sexy curves.
Stoking my limp crotch she looked me in the eye and whispered softly.
"It's a shame you can't get hard as I could really do with a cock inside me. You'll just have to dildo my pussy till I've came enough!" she sneered.
She walked over to her bedside cabinet and opened the drawer, taking out a large back dildo. The dildo was about the same size and thickness as Carl's cock, as she held the lifelike dildo to her smiling lips.
"Remind you of anyone?" she sneered with a lustful look emblazoned across her face.
Laying on our bed she opened her legs wide, holding her ankles, displaying her swollen pussylips.
"Take the dildo and fuck my pussy, then fuck my ass till I tell you to stop" she demanded.
I picked up the dildo obediently and rubbed the lifelike head up and down her stretched, swollen pussy. She moaned softly as the huge black phallus slide effortlessly into her pussy.
"Oh Carl your cock feels huge!" she moaned with her eyes half closed.
I slid the dildo in and out of her stretched cunt and quickened the tempo. Slamming the black cock shaped dildo deep inside her squelching quim. She moaned continuously.
"Oh Carl fuck me honey" Thrusting her hips upward to meet every downward thrust of the black sex toy. Her excited pussy was producing an abundance of creamy pussy juice, lubricating the plastic cock as it slid in and out of her sex crazed pussy.
"Fuck m Carl. Fuck me! Make me come with your black cock!" she screamed as her orgasm surged through her.
Slowing my thrusts down to a slower tempo, I slid the plastic cock in and out of her in rhythm with her breathing. As she calmed down sexually I slid the cock out her pussy and she turned over on her knees. Pushing her ass in the air, she arched her back then spread her knees as wide as she could manage.
Her pussy was gaping and shiny from her orgasm and her tight puckered ring pulsed as she moved her hips slowly.
"Fuck my ass Carl" she whispered continuing her fantasy.
I spat on her puckered ring and placed the head of the plastic cock in line with her sphincter. She placed her taloned nails into the cheeks of her butt and spread the firm meaty flesh apart. I pushed the black dildo beyond her sphincter as it gripped the cock invading her tightest hole. She moaned deeply as the cock slid inside her ass.
"Give me your black cock Carl" she hissed "Fuck my ass baby"
I pushed the huge dildo in and out of her ass, as she rocked her hips, fucking the replica cock. She fucked the sex toy in frenzy, moaning loudly as she enjoyed a wonderful anal orgasm. Her head buried into a pillow, her huge firm breasts spread on our bed as the plastic cock plunged in and out of her sphincter, quickening her breathing as she panted her way through a very strong orgasm. Her fingers stroked her clitoris and labia at lightning speed, prolonging the orgasmic effect as she took herself to a multiple orgasm. The fluid gushed from her pussy as she panted and sobbed "Fuck me Carl!" continuously.
I watched as her breathing became more normal and slowly slid the black replica cock out of her ass. She grabbed my hand and placed the cock straight into her mouth, as she fellated the black dildo. This was the first time I'd saw my wife so sexually aroused that she performed ass to mouth. I was beyond shock and feared what else was in my wife's sexual locker.
It would be almost 48 hours before Carl would visit us and I don't think my wife will cope with the state of arousal and sheer lust she is suffering from. She is enjoying the most blissful orgasms, but there doesn't appear to be a limit to her sex drive.
For the next 48 hours I became a Carl surrogate, either pushing the huge black dildo in and out of my wife's holes or performing endless hours of jaw straining oral sex or rimming.
My wife continued the charade that it was Carl providing all of this sexual bliss and I must admit the mental torture and stimulation of these humiliating episodes were extremely arousing for both of us.
I almost achieved an erection at one point but my impotence won the day and partially engorged penis returned to its medical flaccid state before satisfaction could be achieved. Steph took great delight at my sexual failing which added to the role she was playing of the hard-line slut bitch. Tonight Carl would be arriving and I was under strict instructions to get my wife prepared for her black lover.
After a long lingering oily bath, I shaved her smooth mound, patting the soft smooth flesh dry then liberally coating her bald pussy with warm baby oil. Next I was ordered to apply anal lube to her sphincter and internal passage of her anus. My fingers slid in and out of her lubed ass and I imagined Carl's huge cock experiencing the tight hot flesh of her ass. She squirmed on my finger as I ensured her ass was completely lubed. Getting her into the bedroom I sprayed her body with baby oil and then a fine mist of perfume. The heady scent of her perfume was sensationally erotic, watching the light glisten of her oiled body. She opened a drawer in her dressing table and pulled out a very tight suspender belt in black PVC. She also took a packet of black sheer seamed stockings and asked me to open them as she hooked the suspender belt around her small waist.
I removed the stockings from the packaging and helped slide the silky smooth stockings up both legs, ensuring that her seams were perfectly straight. Fastening the stockings to her suspender belt, I placed her dainty feet into the black spiked heel shoes she had selected for her infidelity.
I looked up at Steph from my kneeling position. In all our years together I had never seen her so sexually beautiful or sexually empowered.
She smiled down at me and said.
"I think I'll suck on your flaccid cock tonight, to give some sense of scale at how big Carl's cock is in comparison!" she taunted
I looked directly at her shaved pussy and the new tattoo which read
"This pussy belongs too...." and wondered how this tattoo would finish.