Somehow, Emily made it through a day of selling copy after copy of the magazine where she, the cover girl, invited readers to wank and cum on her tits, without locking the doors on some random guy, dropping to her knees again and inviting them to do it for real. The situation was ludicrously exciting.
She was finding it harder and harder to resist, and she knew almost any of the guys visiting her shop would jump at the chance. But she also knew that if she wanted to be allowed to continue trading, she'd need to be more discreet than that -- at least most of the time anyway.
Most of the passing trade stopped around seven, it was her chance to relax again. She was closing her eyes and considering flicking the butterfly vibrator back on when the bell on the door rang. Looking up, she saw the pretty face of Shannon.
"Oh, hello!" Emily smiled warmly.
"Hi!" Shannon smiled back. "I was passing, so thought I'd drop in."
"You said you would. It's nice to get a visitor. How's things?"
Pleasantries were exchanged before Emily revealed what had happened with Graham, the young barman she'd invited back to the shop yesterday evening.
"Emily! What the fuck! You've got a thing about younger guys, haven't you? He's the same age as me!"
Emily had wondered whether she had a thing for younger men. It was true that Graham, Shannon's brother Richard, and Ryan were all much younger than her. And there was something really gratifying about making a horny, inexperienced young guy's dreams come true.
Shannon didn't know, but Emily had also sucked her father's cock last week. This was at least as exciting to her. So, on balance, Emily didn't feel that age was too important. For her, the only really important thing was that a man had a nice, hard cock for her.
Emily told Shannon all about her fun with her old classmate Graham, and again couldn't help but notice her increasing interest in the detail. Shannon had a rising envy of Emily's uninhibited life. In truth, if it wasn't for the fact that her fiancé Stephen, Emily's son, wouldn't like it, and that she'd earn a reputation, she'd have no problem doing exactly the things that Emily, unhindered by such trivialities, actively sought out and enjoyed.
Shannon knew she'd be reliving Emily's experience, in her head, when she and Stephen had sex that evening. Stephen was the reason for her visit.
"So, I've been thinking about what we were discussing yesterday..."
During their drunken meet up yesterday afternoon, it had been agreed that Emily needed to make her son aware of her new modelling career. If she didn't it was only a matter of time before he found out for himself. She was becoming a regular in the magazines on the top shelf in her shop, so it was a surprise he didn't know already.
"Yeah, about that..." Emily adopted a sheepish expression, biting her lip and grimacing slightly. "I think the situation has changed quite a bit since yesterday."
"What? Shannon frowned in disbelief. "What else have you done in the twenty-four hours since I last saw you?" Emily pointed over to the top shelf, where a few copies of 'Park Lane' still remained unsold.
Shannon did a double take, looking up at the magazine, then back at Emily, then back again a couple of times, her jaw dropping.
"Emily! Oh my god!" was all she had to say. She rushed over and picked the magazine up, examining the cover thoroughly before opening it up and turning to the start of Emily's shoot.
That Emily could be found inside the pages of these illicit publications was one thing. But being there on the cover, the figurehead of that month's magazine, enticing people to look inside where she'd be fully exposed for all to see, that was something else.
Emily watched Shannon carefully. She spent a long time taking in each and every picture, giving an audible gasp when she got to the centrefold. She then retraced her steps, looking at each picture with what could have been distaste or admiration, she gave away nothing.
Emily noticed her reading the disgusting little quotes alongside the shoot, shaking her head in what she assumed was disgust at her future mother in law declaring her love for stranger's sperm.
Eventually Shannon raised her head and made eye contact.
"Jesus Christ Emily!"
Emily heaved a sigh of relief, as Shannon's expression was not, as she'd feared, one of disgust and disapproval. If anything, there was a hint of admiration in her eyes.
"Oh Shannon. I've been beside myself all day -- so horny! I never dreamed in a million years I might one day be on the cover of a magazine. But like this! Can you imagine standing behind the counter whilst man after man hands over his money for the magazine with you on the cover, inviting anyone who feels the need to wank over you?
"And knowing that on the inside they'll find you spread across the centrefold, everything out on display. And they'll be rock hard, pulling those cocks frantically over you, reading about how much you love to be covered in stranger's spunk?"
Shannon could feel Emily's excitement, her intense arousal at this bizarre situation she'd very carefully and deliberately manufactured for herself. It was contagious, and Shannon found herself trying to imagine how she'd react if she was in this situation.
"Emily," Shannon replied, slowly. "This is so difficult for me. On the one hand, you are the mother of my fiancé. I feel like our relationship is becoming very different to how it's supposed to be."
She paused, again flicking through Emily's pictures in the magazine.
"But on the other hand, I feel like I've got to know you now, and you're a friend. And I can't deny that I'm fascinated by the things you are doing -- jealous even, if I'm honest."
Emily wasn't expecting this.
"Jealous? Really?"
"Yes. I know this probably isn't what I'm supposed to say -- I'm marrying your son for fuck's sake! But if I wasn't, if I was a single woman, and I had no worries about friends or family finding out... Let's just say I might be right alongside you. I've been struggling to sleep at night, I can't stop thinking about the things you've told me."
"Thanks, Shannon." Emily said. "It's really nice to feel like there's someone who might understand the stuff I've been feeling. Do you think I'm OK?"
"How do you mean?"
"I mean, like you say, it's not normal, is it, all of this? I tell you what I've noticed. I get guys approaching me all the time -- at the party, here in the shop, in the pub, whatever. But as soon as they make a move, that's the end of any interest I might have.
"But when I'm feeling like I need some, I don't know, some illicit encounter of some kind, I'll just offer myself up to the first suitable guy."
"Like Richard?" Emily hadn't known it at the time, but Shannon's brother Richard had been a grateful recipient of one of her invitations and had happily masturbated over her breasts. Emily grinned, safe in the knowledge that Shannon bore her no ill will -- she seemed to find the whole thing quite amusing.
"Exactly!" Emily smiled. "It's like I need the thrill of seeing the reaction as some stranger suddenly realises he's going to see me naked, to get his cock out and just pull himself off all over me. It turns me on so fucking much. But as soon as he's done, it's 'see you later' -- I have absolutely no interest at all in getting to know a guy, sharing interests, hobbies, going to the cinema, none of that."
"You sound like most men's ideal woman!"
"I know right?"
Emily went on to tell Shannon all about Pavel and what she now realised was a bit of a sexual awakening.
"I think I probably made up my mind, subconsciously, that it wasn't worth getting attached to a man. But I've discovered I crave exposure, male attention. I get such a rush, such a thrill, when I know I'm the object of desire for a guy. And then that feeling multiplies with each man. I'm absolutely fine with all this, what I've been doing. I'm really hoping you aren't going to try to get me to stop, for Stephen's sake."
Shannon remembered why she was here, tearing her eyes away from Emily's moist and open cunt on the pages of 'Park Lane'.
"I wasn't. To be honest, I was hoping you had some ideas. All I know is he can't find out that I've known all about it, and not told him."
"That puts the onus on me. I know, it's obviously my responsibility, he's my son. I've never really... what do you think his attitude is to, you know..." She nodded at the magazine, still open at Emily's set.
"Porn?" Shannon said. "Honestly, I don't know. I mean most guys look, right?"
Right on cue the door opened and a man in his thirties strolled in, making straight for the display of magazines. Emily smiled at Shannon, nodding over to him as he did a double-take, looking over his shoulder at Emily, then back at the cover of 'Park Lane'.
"Yes, it's me!" Emily called over to him. "That one's been selling like hot cakes today, you'd better buy it if you want it, it's going to sell out soon enough!"
Shannon stepped to one side as he approached. She noticed that Emily didn't move the open copy of the magazine on the counter, meaning her centrefold was staring blatantly at the man as he handed her a five-pound note.
"I hope you like it!" she called after him as he turned, tucking the magazine inside his jacket.
"Oh my god!" Shannon gasped, wide-eyed. "I know that guy, he drives the bus I get to work! I can't believe you just left that there for him to see!" Emily's picture smiled out at them, cunt spread wide.
"Well, he's taking it home with him anyway, isn't he?" Emily laughed. "I do this sort of thing all the time, now. It's fun, the guys like it and so do I!"
Shannon couldn't help but laugh along. Emily's attitude and sheer lust for exposure was infectious. She found herself agreeing with the older woman -- why shouldn't she have her fun like this -- who was it harming? Certainly not the male populace of the town it seemed -- not least her brother, who'd had a noticeable spring in his step in recent weeks.
"Yeah, well, we still need to work out what to do with Stephen. The truth is, we've not spoken about anything like this, you know, porn. You brought him up -- you must have some idea what he'd think about it?"
"You'd think so, wouldn't you. I do remember he had a poster of one of those page three girls on his wall, when he was younger. Oh yes, and there were a couple of dirty mags under his mattress. I used to pretend I hadn't noticed them when I made his bed."
"Oh really?" Shannon raised her eyebrows. "Well then, he's got to understand a little bit, right?"
Emily still had no idea how to approach this, but accepted Shannon's invitation over to dinner the next day.
She arrived with a bottle of wine, and enjoyed Shannon's meal, telling Stephen what a lucky boy he was to have such a beautiful, intelligent and capable young woman agree to be his wife.
After dinner it was time.
"So, listen, both of you." Shannon caught Emily's eye and smiled. She'd been looking forward to this, in a weird way. Stephen's reaction would tell her a lot about her husband-to-be.
"I wanted to tell you both as you are going to find out yourselves, soon enough. I've found myself a little career, outside of the shop I mean. It's something I've really been enjoying, is making me quite good money and it's something I'm going to continue doing for the foreseeable future."
"Oh, OK." Stephen said, curiously.
"Yeah. This thing is, it's... how can I put this. It's something that is going to get me noticed. Has already got me noticed, to be honest. And some people might not like it."
There was silence, Stephen looked confused. Shannon eyed him curiously.
"I've been modelling," she continued. "Glamour modelling. I've been really well received."
She paused to let this sink in.
"Wait, do you mean..." Stephen was registering what his mother was talking about.
"I mean nude modelling, yes, Stephen." Shannon hadn't heard that tone before, it was one Emily reserved for times when she needed to exert her authority over her son. "It's probably easier if I show you..."
Emily reached into her bag and produced a copy of 'Mayfair'. It was this month's copy. She'd only discovered she was in it when one of her pervs had mentioned it this morning.
She loved this set, and it was less explicit than a lot of the work she'd done, so she thought it suitable for the occasion.
"Mum! What the fuck! I don't want to see that!" Stephen had stood in shock as his mother made to show him her work.
"Well, it's going to happen at some point, and I'd much rather this way than you finding out from a friend or something," Emily countered.
Stephen steadfastly refused to look. Emily couldn't force him, but she continued.
"I hope you can understand, Stephen. It's something I'm really enjoying, and I need you to accept it."
"What the hell mum! You do realise I have friends who are going to see this stuff. And what about your friends? And family? What about Shannon's family?"
"Well, I don't really think it's anyone's business is it? I'm not doing anything illegal, am I?"
"No, but it's not... What brought this on anyway? You're nearly forty!"
"Are you saying I'm too old to be attractive, Stephen?" The tone had sharpened, and Shannon watched Stephen's indignance retreat as quickly as it had arrived.
"No! No, of course not. But you can be attractive without... this!" He gestured towards the magazine, which Emily had placed on the table.
"But I like... this." Emily retorted, copying his gesture. "I don't know if you realise how much I sacrificed for you, some might say the best years of my life. Well now it's time for me to have some fun. Are you going to tell me that's wrong?"
"No, but..." Stephen looked to Shannon for help. "What do you think?"
Shannon had been silent, trying to act like she was unaware.
"I don't know," she shrugged. "I mean, is it really that bad?"
"Can you imagine what your mum's going to say? Or your dad?"
Shannon had, in fact, thought about this long and hard. Her Dad she didn't think would be a problem at all. Her mother would definitely be interesting. But in a funny way she was looking forward to watching her realise what Shannon was marrying her into.
"I know Mum will have something to say about it," she mused. "But honestly, I think that's her problem, not Emily's. Your Mum is right, it's not a conventional job, sure, but where's the harm?"
Stephen, like most young men of his age, had a little collection of porn which he'd kept hidden from Shannon, assuming it would be a problem. He was wondering if perhaps his girlfriend might not find this as disgusting as he'd assumed she would. But that didn't mean it was OK for his mother to be doing this stuff. His mother!
"Well, I'm sorry, but if you are asking for my approval, I don't think I can give you that," Stephen said stubbornly.
Emily decided it was best to leave him to stew, and Shannon saw her out.
"I'll work on him," she winked as she closed the door.
Emily wasn't sure if her strengthening relationship with Shannon was normal. She knew that nothing she was doing these days could really be classed as 'normal', but she knew that she was likely to prove a good ally. She hoped that the fact she'd sucked off Shannon's dad last week wouldn't be an issue, if she ever found out.
Shannon came back into the shop the next morning. She worked at the same supermarket as her brother, and Emily's shop was opposite the bus stop which took her in.
"How did it go then?" Emily said immediately.
"Oh, it was OK actually. I left him alone with the magazine, and I know he had a look. Then I came back in, and we had a look together. I think it helped that I was very positive about it all. In fact, Oh I probably shouldn't tell you this..."
There was no surer way to make Emily demand to know what Shannon meant. She assured Shannon that whatever she could tell her was fine.
"Oh OK. Well, we looked at your pictures. It's a really good shoot, Emily. I think you look so beautiful. And so sexy. Obviously, Stephen isn't going agree, but I told him he should be proud to have such a desirable mother."
"Thanks!" Emily smiled warmly.
"Yeah, so I flicked through the magazine, I wanted to get him to admit that he liked it, the other girls, you know? And so, I was teasing him quite a bit, reading him some of the stories. And one thing kind of led to another..."
"I get the picture," Eily smiled "It's fine, I'm glad you two have fun together, and you know I'm no prude. So did he admit that he likes to look at the other women then?"
"Not in so many words, but that Asian girl, right after your bit, set him off and he made a right mess, all over me!"
"Really," Emily smiled. She liked that her son's girlfriend felt comfortable enough to tell her about her son ejaculating on her. And she was very happy he had someone who wasn't going to be a shrinking violet -- he needed a confident woman.
"Good! So, he can hardly act all high and mighty. All over you, you say?" Shannon laughed and slapped Emily playfully.
"Yes! My hair was all matted, I had to let it dry and comb it through this morning!"
"Oh dear! But there's something lovely about getting all messed up like that, don't you think?"
Another customer came in and this train of thought was lost. Shannon's bus was due, and she left with a packet of cigarettes and an assurance that she'd continue to work on Stephen, to make it clear that she was fine with his mother's behaviour, and he should join the 1990's.
The following month Emily was again a cover girl, and again it was one of the seedier titles which featured her on the cover -- this time it was 'Shaven Havens', and she was delighted to see that she'd made the centrefold once more.
'Shaven Havens' magically became the magazine most obvious on the top shelf, and she again made a large order -- in total she asked for two hundred copies. Last month's 'Park Lane' had seen its sales in her shop increase from thirty-six the previous month, when Emily was not featured on the cover, to one-hundred and forty-three, when she was.
However, she'd actually sold out more than a week before the next issue arrived, so she thought two hundred was quite a realistic number.
"Oh my goodness, you are still modelling then?" Will, a semi-retired bank clerk who'd been coming in since she opened, and regularly bought a magazine, was holding Emily's cover and reaching out with a five-pound note.
"I certainly am!" Emily said proudly. "I never thought for a moment I could do something like this, but I love it, I really do. I'm doing so many shoots, I'm popping up all over the place -- I can't keep track myself. They even seem to be putting my pictures on those dirty ads at the back, you know, the phone sex ones!"
"Oh dear! And you don't get any say in it? Surely you have some control over what gets published and where?"
"I don't mind, honestly. I quite like knowing I might just pop up on any page."
"I imagined you'd get paid per appearance, no?"
"It doesn't work like that, not for me anyway. I just do my shoots and am paid for them. After that, they can publish me anywhere they want!"
"Really? That all sounds a bit unfair to me -- you are really getting popular, it seems. I would have thought you should be getting rewarded for that?"
"Maybe," Emily shrugged. "I guess I could ask for more money for the shoots. But I'm really enjoying it, and I'm seeing the rewards in other ways -- my sales are through the roof!"
"Quite! And I can't say I'm surprised. I must say. I mean, I liked Mike, god rest his soul. But it's most refreshing having you here, and seeing you become a celebrity before our eyes," he nodded down at the magazine, where Emily was spread wide on the cover, arm concealing her nipples and an almost transparent gusset just about hiding her shaven pussy lips.
In her hand she brandished an extremely large banana, which she was eyeing suggestively. The headline was: 'Shaved and stretched! Emily goes bananas inside!'
"It's quite the thing now, the shaving, isn't it? You hardly saw any girls who took care of themselves down there until a few years ago. Now most seem to keep things quite trimmed and tidy. But this trend of shaving the whole lot off -- I must say that I approve. Leaves nothing to the imagination!"
"I know! It feels really naughty doesn't it? I've definitely got no plans to grow a huge bush any time soon!"
There was no attraction to Will at all but that didn't matter to Emily -- she got a buzz just talking openly about things which normally would be kept hidden.
"And so you shouldn't!" Will smiled. He looked like he had something to say, he had put his change in his pocket and Emily had expected him to have turned and left by now.
"Anything else, Will?" she smiled kindly.
"Well, yes, there is actually. I fully expect the answer to be 'no', but it would be remiss of me not to ask. Some friends and I, there's only a handful of us. We have a camera club. In the past we've managed to persuade some brave ladies to model for us -- nobody of your calibre, of course. My wife more often than not, a couple of the other members girlfriends, you know."
"I see," Emily smiled. She was intrigued by this. She'd met Will's wife Anne many times, she was of the rare open-minded type who would pick up a 'jazz mag' as she termed it for her husband when she popped in. Like Will, she was well into her sixties. Emily couldn't imagine her being the type to pose for racy snaps for Will and his friends.
"So, what are you saying? You'd like me to come along to your camera club and model for you?"
"Well, yes. I mean, I'm sure we can't match the fees you demand, but we'd be happy to pay -- there's a little pot we've build up over the years... I'm starting to think we might have a chance? You didn't immediately dismiss the idea out of hand."
"No, I didn't. I'm flattered, Will. Tell me, who exactly are the members of your club, and where are your meetings held?"
Three days later, Emily approached the door of number 87 Hawthorn Gardens with a little spring in her step. Tonight she had agreed to come along to Will's camera club. As soon as she understood what Will was asking, she knew she'd do it, no matter the fee they managed to scrape together for her.
One of her favourite things in life was posing for Alan's camera, performing for the lens and letting her mind imagine all the eyes that would be glued to her body, and hands that would be glued to hard cocks at the sight of Emily stripping off, exposed and masturbating, or spreading herself open for inspection.
Will's little camera club sounded extremely interesting -- there would be a few guys there, so she'd know the feeling of multiple eyes on her body for the first time. She felt more than ready for that, and the thought had given her a jolt of excitement which came back in little shivers down her body whenever she reminded herself what was coming.
Emily dressed for the occasion. Under her long coat she had a beautiful, floaty summer dress, and under that she had a full underwear set, suitable for a glamour model of her standing. White stockings and suspenders were complemented with a flowery patterned corset which matched her panties.
She was welcomed inside by Will and seven other men of a similar age. Some faces she recognised, and she nodded and smiled to each as they shook her hand, or kissed it, as some did, which made her feel important.
Emily was shown down into a brightly lit basement area. There were several professional photographer's lights, which she was familiar with from Alan's studio, and a leather chair beside a single bed with crisp white sheets.
"Well, this is nice," she said, feeling the leather of the chair with appreciation, and bouncing on the bed, testing its springs.
"It's amazing to have you here," said one of the group, genuinely. "It's been ages since we had a live model agree to pose for us, and we've never had anyone as stunning as you in the whole time the club's been going."
"Careful Winston!" Emily was surprised to hear a female voice, and she recognised Will's wife.
"You know Anne, I believe?" Will said, leading her over by the hand.
"For my sins, I was their model on many occasions," Anne smiled. Emily had always liked her. Just the simple fact that she saw no issue buying a dirty magazine for her husband set her apart from a lot of women.
"But I'm afraid those days are gone for me now. However, they have asked me to be your make-up girl. These lights really whitewash you, so it's important to... listen to me, teaching my granny how to suck eggs. I've seen some of your stuff, and you definitely don't need any tips from me!"
"Well, I've actually always done my own make-up," Emily said truthfully. Alan had told her that she should slap it on thick and left her to it. "I feel quite the star, having my own make-up artist!"
Anne smiled and sat her down. She had quite a range of what looked like professional foundations, eye shadows, lipsticks and everything else needed to make Emily look the part for the camera.
It took about fifteen minutes for her to finish, during which time the men set up cameras on tripods, adjusted the lights and generally buzzed around looking busy. Despite her having been published many times now, this already had a feeling of a much more professional setup than her sessions with Alan.
Anne chatted and joked, returning frequently to the fact that she'd have been in Emily's position many times in the past. There was no resentment, but it was clear she missed it.
"Did you ever get your pictures published?" Emily wondered.
"Oh god no -- back then, there was nothing like the magazines you can buy these days. And some of the things they liked me to do, well you wouldn't even be allowed to sell them in your shop now!" Emily looked at her with interest. Her magazines showed some pretty explicit poses and acts. What had Anne got up to, down in this secluded basement, surrounded by her husband and his friends with their cameras?
"Really? I'd love to see -- have you still got some pictures?"
"Plenty!" she laughed. "I don't think anyone's interested in my pictures right now though, I think you're ready."
Emily was still wearing her long coat and she slipped it off as she stood. An arm immediately appeared to take it from her. She smoothed down her dress, perfect cleavage catching everyone's eye. The audible intake of breath told her that she was appreciated.
"Amazing!", "Stunning!" "Magnificent!" came to her in a ripple of admiration. She smiled brightly.
"Where do you want me?"
"Let's start in the chair, shall we? Here, reading a book. Oh yes, that's lovely. Now if you can cross your legs. Oh, stockings -- that's perfect!"
After five minutes or so of a very thorough recording of Emily's lovely dress from all angles, she was invited to free one of her breasts, which she did immediately.
"That's superb," came the hushed comments. "Can you perk the nipple up a bit, do you think?"
The shoot lasted for over two hours. Emily loved every second. The fact there were so many people present increased the feeling of naughtiness which she enjoyed so much. It was initially all very businesslike and relatively innocent, but she noticed the atmosphere change the moment she opened her legs for the first time.
That moment, as her legs parted, that's when things moved from 'naughty' to 'dirty'. She was no longer a flighty, fun loving, flirty shopkeeper who'd been persuaded to pose for some sexy snaps. She was the sort of girl who shaved herself bare, who turned up at strangers' houses and opened her legs for them, so they could take graphic, sexual pictures of her.
This was what she needed; this was why she was here. There were nine pairs of eyes fixed on her shaven vagina. The bright lights were adjusted, illuminating her cunt for cameras which crept ever closer, capturing her in perfect, explicit detail.
The silence which had descended made things even hotter. Every little breath or clearing of a throat was a reminder that the room was full of people. Emily decided, if she had her way, she'd like to spread her legs in front of people whenever she could. She reminded herself that thousands of men had seen her posing just like this, all of them getting nice and hard and wanking over her.
By the end of it, Emily was naked save for her suspender belt and stockings, which had remained in place throughout. Anne brought her a cup of tea, and she sipped from it and chatted amiably with the photographers.
She'd remained in much the same position as she'd adopted for the final shots, in the leather armchair with one of her legs draped across the arm, so her vagina was completely exposed. This was giving her a real thrill; she loved seeing their eyes lingering on her body whilst they all pretended this was the most normal thing in the world.
Despite their age, she'd been pleased to note visible signs of arousal from the men throughout the shoot. For her part, she wondered whether the damp patch on her panties had been noticed, before they were discarded.
She somehow managed to resist masturbating, even though she desperately wanted to. There was no rush, that could be a little surprise for a future shoot.,
"So, what happens next? I mean, what do you do with the pictures?" Emily wondered.
"That's up to you -- that reminds me, we've got a form for you to sign."
"Right, let's see then!"
The form was different to the one she'd signed for Alan, which effectively waived all her rights for any say in what he did with her pictures. This one was the opposite, it made it clear that the photos were not to be published, shared or otherwise distributed without Emily's explicit permission, which would have to be requested specifically.
"That seems quite restrictive really," Emily pondered. "I'm sure you've taken some great shots - it seems a shame that nobody will see them."
This wasn't the way the camera club had operated up to now, it seemed. Emily chatted back and forth with them, still naked and spread out in the chair, sipping from her tea. She made it clear that she had no problem with the pictures being published anywhere -- in fact she'd be much happier if they were.
The guys didn't quite know what to do with this information. They looked blankly at each other. There was also the question of Emily's fee.
"So, we've scraped together the best we can, and we have about one hundred pounds -- is that OK?" Will asked, a little embarrassed. Emily flashed a grin at him.
"Oh, you guys. That's so sweet! But I've got a much better idea. When you develop the pictures, please make an extra copy for me. That can be my payment. I can get some good money for pictures like those. In fact, that deal seems a bit one-sided to me. How about this?"
The camera club couldn't believe what they heard from this stunning naked woman, casually sipping from her cup of tea. She proposed a deal whereupon the guys would supply her with copies of their pictures. They were welcome to keep a copy for their 'own use' (she said this with a wink and a salacious grin, accompanied by a pause which meant she was in no doubt what they would be 'used' for and that this was to be encouraged).
Emily would sell the pictures to her contact (she reasoned that Alan would be happy to pay a good price), and the camera club would receive fifty percent of the profits.
Unsurprisingly, all were in agreement and Emily was feeling particularly frisky as she walked home. She hadn't dressed, simply slipping her long coat on, carrying her dress, bra and panties in a plastic bag.
It was after ten and the streets were mostly deserted. Whenever she could, she let her coat fall open, letting the warm summer evening air brush across her usually covered parts. It felt nice, and she enjoyed turning to look at her reflection in the shop windows.
The electrical goods store had a video camera connected to a TV, a display intended to attract attention to both items. During the day people stopped and made faces, they enjoyed seeing themselves on the screen. Emily did too, and she stood motionless, her coat hanging open as she admired herself.
She loved her body, and she loved that it was becoming easier and easier for people to see and admire it. She pushed her tits against the cold glass and smiled at the thought of people inside the shop in the daytime getting this view of those breasts, squashed obscenely flat in a most attractive way.
Hearing voices coming around the corner, she pulled her coat together and continued down the road. She was nearly home, and she was looking forward to a lovely long bath, with her new waterproof vibrator for company.
The voices were coming from two lads who were approaching rapidly. Emily felt a little surge of excitement as she recognised one of them.
"Richard!"
"Ryan," corrected the young man who she'd last seen earlier that same day, when she'd sold him the magazine featuring her fucking herself with a banana.
"Oh, sorry, Ryan of course!" Emily laughed. Richard, she reminded herself, was another young guy who she'd invited to wank and cum all over her tits. "And, sorry I don't know your name, but I do recognise you from the shop, don't I?"
The other boy was indeed another regular purchaser of pornography from Emily. Luckily her shop was only a few hundred yards down the street. Emily was unbearably horny, and these lads had exactly what she needed. Thoughts of her vibrator faded, these boys had something much nicer for her.
"You won't believe where I've been tonight," she began casually. "I've been doing a photoshoot. Look!" She opened her coat and the boys' eyes doubled in size. She stood for a full ten seconds in silence, taking in their amazement and excitement at her naked body.
"It was quite a tame one, compared to some of the sets I do. No bananas or any other fruit and veg, sadly. I do like to get my five a day. And there's something else I like to get, when I'm in the mood, isn't there Ryan? Did you tell him?"
Paul looked at Ryan in confusion.
"No! You told me not to, remember?"
"Of course. That was a test, and you passed -- well done! And I'm sure you remember me telling you that I might want that again one day?"
"I couldn't forget!"
"Well today's the day, if you like. You too, Paul."
She led them to her shop, opened up and led them inside. Picking a spot where they wouldn't be seen by passers-by, Emily discarded her coat. The boys looked at each other, then back to the glorious sight in front of them. They were both very familiar with this body, barely a day went by when they didn't masturbate over it.
"What do you think?" she beamed at them, shifting her weight onto one of her high-heeled, stocking-clad feet, with her hands on her hips, utterly shameless.
"Like I'm dreaming," Paul murmured. Ryan, having been here before, had his cock out. Paul looked a little shocked, but when he saw how Emily's face immediately lit up at the sight of Ryan's penis, he followed suit. A little embarrassment about exposing himself in front of his friend was a small price to pay for what Emily was offering.
"Let's have a look then. Oh yes, I remember you!" Emily addressed Ryan's cock affectionately. She sank to her knees in-between the two boys, tugging their trousers and underwear further down so that both cocks hung free.
Ryan's was hardening quicker than Paul's she thought. Both seemed a similar size. Last time she hadn't touched Ryan's cock, but this time...
"Oh fuck!" came his involuntary cry as her left hand snaked up his leg and cradled his balls. She followed suit with her right until she had a pair of balls in each hand. She moved around until each of their cocks was lying on the inside of her forearm.
"Mmmm, two nice cocks," she smiled appreciatively. Just like the last time, she was flirting with the cock, not the owner. She really didn't care who was attached to the penis. But she realised some inspiration for the boys would help these cocks realise their potential.
"So, Paul," she smiled up at him. "Ryan's secret, which he kept so well, is that a few months back he wrote a letter into 'Glitz' magazine, telling them how much he'd love to wank over my tits. Isn't that right, Ryan?"
Yeah," he nodded after a short pause. Paul continued to look dumbfounded.
"So, one day, when he came into the shop, I was feeling a bit naughty. And I just thought 'why not?' I dropped to my knees right about here, wasn't it Ryan? And Ryan wanked over these nice tits and gave me a lovely big mess."
Ryan was rock hard now. Emily had enjoyed the feel of heat as blood was pumped into that lovely young dick, which rose and lifted away from her arm. Paul was clearly finding it more difficult to relax and take what Emily wanted to give him.
Sliding her left hand up Ryan's shaft, she moved her face closer to Paul's semi-erect cock, still cradling his balls and resting the length on her arm. Ryan let out a low groan and she felt his cock twitch as she held it firmly in her hand. Ever so slowly she inched closer to Paul's dick until her face brushed against it.
She remembered how much she loved the velvety feel of the end, and gently moved her head so her cheek lightly grazed over it, turning and opening her mouth, making to let it slip between her lips, before backing away and blowing lightly over it.
This was doing the trick. She felt an injection of heat warming her arm, and the weight of the second cock increased for a moment before she watched it rise unsupported. It was much more like Richard's cock, she thought, and she liked the way it bent upwards, now it was fully erect.
"There!" she smiled, satisfied with her work. She gripped a cock firmly in each hand and slowly pulled them both, freeing the lovely pink head of each. She couldn't resist a little taste of them, and each boy gasped as her pretty red lips accepted the end inside for a few seconds, her tongue flicking around pleasantly and her cheeks hollowing as she briefly sucked.
She had half a mind to suck both cocks until they filled her mouth or covered her face like Oliver had. But ever since the shoot, when she'd battled the desire to rub her aching little clit and finger herself for those many eyes, she'd had one thought fixed in her mind. Now it was time to act on it.
The floor was hard and cold as she lay back on it. From down here, those two cocks looked different she thought. A bit bigger and slightly intimidating -- but in a good way. Lifting her knees to her chest, she parted them, planting a foot outside of each boy, so they were staring down at her, spread open on the floor.
She again enjoyed the power this gave her. Her wet cunt was exposed, and the boys were hypnotised by it. Similarly, Emily was entranced by the two hard, bobbing cocks above her.
"Oh, I can't tell you how much I need this," she breathed sexily, her fingers sliding down her breasts and stomach before finding the clit which was bursting for attention.
"Let's see you play with those nice cocks for me," she smiled. "That's it. Show me how you like to wank on me.
"Do you like watching me play with myself?" she asked in an innocent tone. "It feels so good, I love it. You've seen me do all sorts of things in the magazines haven't you? Did you ever think you'd be seeing this?"
Two fingers of her other hand were now dipping into her slippery little hole, circling, entering, circling again. The moisture was spreading, and her wet pussy made some little squelching noises as she felt pleasure increasing.
"I'm fingering myself for you," she stated, saying it out loud increasing her little waves of excitement. "I'm going to make myself cum for you, and I want you both to make yourself cum for me. That's it, pull those hard cocks for me!"
Paul had been slow to get started, but he was first to blow, Emily's clear and detailed description of exactly what was expected of him pushing him over an inevitable precipice which he'd been fighting against since she'd coaxed this solid erection out of him.
Emily recognised the signs as Paul's knees bent slightly, and his strokes became frantic.
"All over me! Don't waste it!" she called urgently. Paul stepped over her, so he had a foot either side of her beautiful body and took aim. He groaned loudly as the first rope was fired and his aim was true. Emily's hand doubled in speed as she felt the physical evidence of Paul's appreciation splash her from navel to neck.
It was obscenely beautiful, watching this from below. Pauls balls contracted as they supplied more and more, it rained down on Emily and she felt her own orgasm building. She'd been waiting for this feeling all evening but hadn't dreamed she'd be enjoying it whilst two cocks splattered sperm all over her.
"Oh, Christ I love this," she screamed, her fingers a blur now. Her other hand was now grasping a sperm-coated breast as she savoured the feeling of semen on her body again. This was too much for Ryan, who wasn't as confident in his aim as his friend, so kneeled down to make sure Emily would receive what she needed.
"Oh, fuck yes!" She roared in delight. "Two fucking hard cocks covering me in spunk! Give it to me, fucking cover me!"
Ryan shot over those tits again and again, some reaching her face and neck. Three fingers now pumped in and out of her dripping cunt, extra lubrication from the cocktail of two loads of cum making her feel so beautifully filthy as she came hard.
The boys simply watched in reverence as the object of their fantasies and most of the males in town groaned in ecstasy, her climax paralysing her beautifully. Nobody wanted to break the spell, least of all Emily, who was loving the feeling of total, sinful, perverted and degenerate happiness which was leaving her blissfully satisfied.
"Can you put the latch down on the way out?" she asked sweetly. The boys were jolted back to reality. There was no sentiment, no niceties or pleasantries. Emily had finished with them, so they pulled up their trousers and left her there, plastered in semen and delighted with herself.
Emily rose to her knees as the door shut behind the boys. Admiring herself in the mirror, she loved the way the sperm slid slowly down her neck and breasts, pooling in her lap.
The shop was cold, but she was on fire. She spent a good fifteen minutes just watching herself collecting cum on her fingers and licking them clean. She wondered which boys cum she was eating at any one time -- likely it was a combination of both.
That feeling of pride in her disgusting, depraved and unbelievably thrilling behaviour set her off again and she fetched her little vibrator, setting it away as she continued to enjoy cleaning herself up.
This wasn't quite enough, so the steel butt-plug was inserted, and she came again, enjoying the feeling of being filled. Every time she closed her eyes, she saw those two cocks bouncing and waving above her as she put on her show. Or firing masses of sperm over her willing and waiting body.
Next week she'd be back at the camera club, opening her legs whilst the guys took the pictures which she'd be selling in her shop over the coming months. Life was good, and Emily was going to make sure it continued to get better.