Things heat up in the Jacuzzi and Hunter gets his in the end.
*
So my sister, Ally, just informed me that she had me stop fucking Katie and fuck her instead because she was getting jealous of me and Katie. I'll be damned if she's going to put a damper on my fun this evening after all the sex she's had with Hunter and Damon - someone she didn't even know! Its time for me to have some fun this evening. I mean, I love my sister, but fair 's fair, right?
"Why don't we turn this party up some and move it to the Jacuzzi?" I shout to the group.
"Sounds great to me," Keith replies.
"Same with me, I'm ready for a little Truth or Dare, and I have a question to start off with!" Katie replies.
I don't even bother looking at Ally. I get up and head to the pool house to turn on the mood lights around the Jacuzzi and put a little music on. I grab the cooler and fill it with ice and beer before returning outside.
"Katie and I are going to fix a few snacks," Ally says, while she and Katie head into the pool house.
Keith and I walk over to the Jacuzzi. He stops by his towel, which is beside the lounge chairs, and picks up a small package. We get to the Jacuzzi and Keith lights a joint, sits on the edge of the tub, drops his feet in the water, and leans back a little. He spreads his legs, and I stare at the huge cock hanging between his legs. It's soft now, but the fucking thing is still at least nine inches long. Christ, I've never in my life seen a cock that long. Looking at it, I notice that he's not circumcised. I thought he was earlier, but now I see the head has receded and there's a covering of foreskin over his cock.
"Like what you're looking at?" Keith asks.
Laughing, I reply, "Not sure I would say I like it, just that I've never seen a fucking dick that big. How long is it anyway?"
"Bout ten inches erect," he says, laughing. "Maybe a little longer." He holds it up and shakes it a little. "It scares the shit out of some of the women. Not sure if it's an asset or a handicap."
"Yeah, I'm sure."
"I've missed out on some good fucks because of its size."
"Yeah, but I bet you've seen your share of pussy."
"A few," he replies, taking a drag of the weed. "You want a hit?"
"Sure," I reply. I go over and sit next to him on the side of the Jacuzzi, take the tree out of his hand, take a long hit, and give it back.
"That's some good shit," I tell him.
"Yeah, it is."
"Do you smoke a lot?" I ask him.
"Way too much, Katie tells me. I smoke cigarettes too, and she keeps telling me to quit both. She's not really into the weed shit. Too straight laced."
"But not too straight laced to fuck her brother?"
"I don't know how much you know about that, but it just sorta happened. We were both wasted one night when the parents were away, and it just sorta happened. We ended up in bed together, not sure how, and we fucked all fucking night."
"Yeah, Ally told me about it. That's what gave her the idea to seduce me."
"Yeah, I heard all about that, too. You know I gave her a few lessons, don't you?"
"Yeah, Ally told me all about you teaching her to suck cock. You were her first fuck, too."
"Yeah. That sister of yours is a sweet fuck. I didn't mind teaching her the ropes at all. She has a sweet ass, if you don't mind me saying so."
"No, I don't mind. You did me a favor. She never would've made the fucking move on me if you hadn't helped her out. Kinda weird fucking your sister, though."
"Yeah, I know what you mean. Katie and I've had some great sex, but it still kind a freaks me out. Hell, if the parents ever found out, I'm sure they'd have my balls."
"Oh shit, same here for sure. Mine are so fucking straight, it'd probably kill both of them, right after they killed us."
"It's sweet sex, though. I really get into doing Katie. Hope you don't mind if I get some of Ally later on, too."
"Nah, I want to get some of Katie too."
"Brothers fucking sisters, who'd a thought?" "Yeah, I guess the only person you can fuck your sister in front of is someone who's fucking his sister too," I reply, jokingly.
"I know what you mean," Keith replies. "When Katie told me about you and Ally, I thought this would be a good time for us to play around a little, you know, with someone who wouldn't freak when I fucked her. I have to admit, I really get into sex. Weed and sex, and I'm good for the night. Thanks for letting me come over, Ryan."
"No problem. Ally said you were a really neat guy. I really didn't know you, but I'm glad you came. I think we'll have a good time tonight, and the rest of the weekend."
"Katie didn't say anything about the rest of the weekend, but I'm game if you want me to stay."
"You're invited if you want."
"Sure. Thanks," Keith replies. "So, what's with this Hunter turd? Katie told me a little about him, but said that he wasn't invited. What the fuck is it with him?"
I tell Keith the whole story about Hunter, including the scene in the parking garage. Keith agrees that Hunter is just using Ally, or he wouldn't have let his friend watch and fuck her too. I can tell he's getting a little pissed about Hunter, but it really doesn't go too far.
"We need to teach that mother fucker a lesson," Keith says.
"Yeah, we'll see. He's been sleeping on the couch for a couple hours. I hope he'll wake up and get the fuck out'a here. I don't mind you fucking Ally, but I'll be damned if Hunter does again."
Keith and I finish the joint and he lights up another one. We each take a hit. I really like Keith. He's just like Ally said. He's, really a nice guy, and unassuming. Intimidating as hell to look at, but a really nice guy. I think we'll get along fine.
Ally and Katie return with a tray of snacks. I'm not sure what all the shit is, but it looks good. We grab a couple sandwiches and beers. We eat a while, the four of us sitting around the Jacuzzi. I still can't get over the fact that Ally and I are naked with another brother and sister, and with Keith and his ten inch cock hanging out. Never would have believed this would happen. A lot has changed in my life in the past few days. I'm sitting next to Keith, and Katie sits next to me. Ally looks at me for a second, and then sits on the edge of the tub next to Keith.
"You two seem to be quite comfortable with one another, sitting so close and all," Katie comments.
I notice that Keith and I are sitting tight against one another. I hadn't even thought about it, but with us sharing a couple joints, we've moved so that we are very close to each other, with my ass next to his on the side of the tub, touching.
Keith reaches around and drapes his arm around my shoulder, pulls me in tight and says, "Yeah, Ryan and I are becoming good buddies and all," and then starts laughing. I know its the weed, but he's getting very friendly.
I decide to play it up a little, reach down and take the weed out of his hand, take a long drag, inhale deep, and look at him. He leans over and I give him a shotgun, blowing the smoke into his waiting mouth. Keith takes it all in, and I say, "Yeah, Katie, your brother and I've had a good time out here getting to know one another." That cracks Keith up, and he starts laughing. He leans forward and places his hand on my upper thigh, just below my cock.
Keith, looking at Ally, says, "Your brother's fascinated with my big cock. Says he's never seen one so huge and all," as he continues laughing. Its obvious to Ally and Katie that Keith and I are getting wasted on the weed.
"Well," Katie says, "lets step this up a little then. Ryan, I dare you to rub Keith's cock for three minutes."
I look at Keith and think, what the hell, and reach out and start rubbing his cock. I've never seen one this large, and to be honest, wondered what it feels like.
"Fuck, Ryan, I wondered how long it was going to take you to touch it, you've been staring at it all night." We both crack up at that, and laugh uncontrollably. I keep rubbing his cock as it lengthens in my hand.
"God, Fuck, look at that thing grow!" I say, while stoking him and laughing at the same time. "I can barely get my hand around it."
Keith takes a drag on the weed and then leans toward me and gives me a shotgun, which I take and inhale.
"Maybe you two should get a room," Ally says, sarcastically.
"We're just playing around," Keith replies.
I pull back on his foreskin and look at the head of his cock. It's lighter in color than his cock. I play with his foreskin, pulling it up and back a few times.
"I think that's long enough," Katie says, jokingly.
"You really have a nice cock," I say. "I thought Ally was exaggerating when she told me about it, but fuck, I think its longer than she said." The weed is really hitting me now, I feel like I'm in another world stroking his huge cock. "You really do have a nice cock, bro."
"I think its time for some girl on girl action now. What you think, Ryan?" Keith asks.
"Fuck, I think so too," I reply.
"I dare you," Keith says, looking at Katie, "to make out with Allyson and then go down on her."
Katie doesn't hesitate, She walks over to Ally, leans in, and starts kissing her hard. I can see her slide her tongue into Ally's mouth, and Ally does the same. All the while, I'm still stroking Keith's huge cock, which is getting hard as he's watching our sisters Make out. Ally and Katie pick it up, running their hands over each other, rubbing each other's tits, and sliding their hands down to each others pussy, rubbing each other and then start fingering each other. Keith reaches over and starts rubbing my cock, and then has his eyes fixed on our sisters as they make out with each other. My cock really feels good with his hand on it.
Katie kisses Ally hard, and then moves her hands to Ally's knees, spreading them as far apart as she can. Keith looks down at Ally's pussy, and increases the speed of his hand on my cock. Katie pulls her face back from Ally and drops down on her knees in the Jacuzzi, and then pressed her mouth to Ally's cunt, and begins licking her slit. Keith reaches over and starts playing with Ally's tits with his free hand, while still rubbing my cock with the other.
Katie starts sucking away at Ally's pussy. Ally drops her hands to the back of Katie's head and pulls her in tight. Keith lights up another joint, takes a deep toke, and then leans over to Ally and gives her a shotgun. Ally takes it, inhales, and then starts kissing Keith. The two of them start making out big time as Katie continues eating Ally's cunt. I get really hard watching all of this, and feel the per cum oozing out of my cock. Keith and Ally are kissing hard, and Keith releases my cock and places his hand on Ally's tits and starts rubbing them, covering them with the juice from my cock. I know Ally's about to lose it with all the action she's getting from Keith and Katie. Keith and I take turns on the weed until its gone.
I decide to get in on the action, get up, and walk through the Jacuzzi over to the other side of Ally. I lean in and begin sucking her tits. Keith is sliding his tongue in her mouth as I suck on her tits. He reaches over and places his hands on Ally's head, and pulls her face to his. Katie continues rubbing her thighs while sucking away on her cunt, and I suck on her tits. We keep this up for a long time. Keith looks at me and gives me a smile as he continues kissing Ally, who is in total ecstasy with all the action she is getting.
"Oh fucking Jesus," Ally cries out. "I'm going to cum. Oh god, keep it up, all of you. Fucking keep it up," she says before returning her mouth to Keith's, who continues kissing her and feeling her tits, with me sucking and licking her tits and chest. Keith moves his face from Ally's, leans down, and starts sucking her tit, while I suck the other one. We continue sucking Ally's tits while Katie keeps sucking her cunt. Ally, I know, is about to cum.
Keith and I are sucking Ally's tits when I look at Keith, whose face is next to mine. I lick from one tit to the one that Keith is sucking, and we both start licking her tit at the same time, trapping her hard nipple between out mouths as we both suck on it. Our tongues touch. I move my mouth to Keith's and slide my tongue into his mouth, and he does the same. We have her nipple between us, and are licking it and sliding our tongues into each others mouth at the same time. The weed is really hitting each of us now. I reach over and place my hand on the back of his head, pulling his mouth to mine as we kiss, with Ally's nipple in our mouths. Katie is sucking at Ally's pussy. Ally has slid her ass forward on the side of the Jacuzzi and Katie has reached up and now has her finger in Ally's ass. Ally is grinding her pussy into Katie's mouth, and her ass into Katie's finger while Keith are working on each other and Ally's nipple at the same time.
"Oh god, this feels so fucking good," Ally says softly. Keep it up, guys, I'm about to cum."
Katie increases her speed on Ally's cunt, and Keith and I keep sucking her tit and each others tongues.
"Oh, shit, I'm going to cum," Ally shouts. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Ally cries out as she starts to cum. Katie buries her mouth in Ally's cunt, sucking the juice out of her, as Ally reaches her climax. Katie gets up, leans in to Ally. Both Keith and I can see the cum dripping from Katie's face as she leans in and kisses Ally, sliding her tongue into her mouth. They make out for a couple of minutes, as Keith and I watch. Keith looks at me and says, "This is hot as shit, Ryan. God, this is hot as shit."
Ally and Katie begin to wind down. Keith has his hand in Ally's pussy, burying his fingers deep inside. He starts rubbing her pussy fast with his hand as Ally presses forward, taking all of his fingers into her cunt. Christ, he has his full fist into her cunt. Katie looks at me, and then leans into me, kissing me hard. I can taste Ally's pussy juice as Katie rams her tongue into my mouth. Katie's so fucking horny right now, I can feel it. As Keith and Ally start making out big time, Katie is kissing me. She leans forward and whispers in my ear, "I want you to fuck me in the ass, Ryan. Please, fuck me in the ass."
I get up and walk behind Katie as she leans forward, bracing herself on the side of the Jacuzzi. She leans over to Ally and Keith and starts making out with them. I watch Keith alternate kissing his sister and mine, sliding his tongue into one mouth and then the other. They are totally involved in a three way make out session, as I make my way to Katie's ass. I lean down, pull her ass cheeks apart, and begin licking her ass while rubbing her cunt from behind. Katie, still involved in a three way kiss with her brother and my sister, presses her ass back into my face as my tongue invades her ass. Her ass tastes so fucking good. Her juices are flowing from excitement of sucking Ally's pussy. I slide a finger into her cunt while licking as deep into her ass as I possibly can. I lick her ass good, and then stand up, take my raging hard cock, and place it at the entrance to her ass. I press forward as Katie presses back. I press the head of my cock against the entrance to her ass, but it wont go in. I press harder, but still no luck. Katie reaches around behind her and grabs my cock, lines it up with her hole, and presses back, while pressing forward on my cock. It's a struggle, but finally I enter her. Katie presses back, and all of a sudden I'm balls deep in her ass. I start fucking her ass hard, and begin slapping it as I fuck her. I've never done this, but I've watched my share of porn, so I keep fucking her ass and slapping it. Katie reaches down between her legs and starts squeezing my balls as I fuck her. Katie leans over, licks Ally's neck, and then all the way down to her tits and begins sucking Ally's tits while Keith continues kissing Ally and I'm fucking Katie. We keep this up. It must be the weed that allows me to continue fucking Katie so long. My cock is absolutely numb fucking in and out of Katie's sweet ass.
While continuing to kiss Ally and rubbing her tits, Keith pulls Katie's head down to his hard cock, and she starts sucking him off while I'm fucking her ass. I can't believe it as Katie takes his whole length into her mouth. She's deep throating her brother as he's kissing my sister and sucking her tits. The look on Ally's face is amazing. I've never seen her express such pleasure as she's showing now. Keith is thrusting his cock into Katie's mouth as she sucks him off, while at the same time she's squeezing my balls so hard I should be in deep pain, but I really can't feel it so much. This weed and alcohol is making my whole body numb with pleasure. I continue driving my cock into her ass as she continues sucking on Keith's hard cock.
Katie moves her free hand over to Ally's cunt and begins fingering her along with Keith, who still has his fist in Ally's cunt. Now, along with Keith's fist, she also has three of Katie's fingers in her cunt as well. Ally is thrusting her hips into their hands, and Keith is thrusting his cock into Katie's mouth as she continue sucking his monster cock. I lose track of time; there's no telling how long we keep this up.
Keith is the second one to cum. He starts yelling for Katie to suck his cock as he ejaculates into her throat. This causes me to lose it, and I start shooting my sperm into Katie's ass. It feels so fucking good it hurts as I empty my seed into her. Katie reaches climax, shouts obscenities, presses back so that my still hard cock is buried deeper in her ass, and we all sorta freeze in place.
Katie lets Keith's cock drop from her mouth as I pull my cock out of her ass. Katie stands up and Keith goes down on Ally. He starts sucking Ally's cunt as Katie turns around, throws her arms around my neck, and presses her lips to mine. She slides her tongue into my mouth, and I do the same. As my tongue enters her mouth, I feel a glop of Keith's cum on my tongue. I suck at Katie's mouth and she releases his cum into my mouth. There's so much of it that it begins dribbling down my chin. I've tasted my own cum from Ally once before, but never anyone else's. Keith's cum is swishing between my mouth and Katie's as we continue kissing and sliding our tongues in each other's mouth. I'm shocked at first, but then begin to enjoy it. I swallow a load of Keith's cum while kissing Katie. I drop my hands to her ass and feel her juicy ass. I kiss my way down to her tits, and take one into my mouth and suck on it like a new born baby. Her tits are so fucking good, I think to myself. My saliva, along with Keith's cum, is soaking her tits as I suck one and then the other. I never knew sex could be this intense. There's nothing like two brothers fucking two sisters at the same time. Katie and I continue kissing for who knows how long. She finally moves away and sits down on the edge of the tub, while I stay with her, letting my hands rub her luscious thighs. I lean forward and kiss her one last time, before sitting down beside her. Katie moves her arm around my shoulder, and places my hand on her tit. We start making out again as Keith is finishing off Ally. Ally has her second orgasm with Keith sucking her cunt. Keith licks up her stomach, her tits, and kisses her again on her mouth. Katie and I lean into the two of them, and our mouths are kissing each other. Our tongues are mixed so that we aren't even aware of whose mouth were' sucking.
Katie and Ally are now kissing each other, and Keith leans into me and slides his tongue into my mouth. The two of us kiss, tasting or sisters' juices. I reach over and pull Keith's face to mine and start French kissing him hard. He reaches over and starts rubbing my cock, so I do the same to him. Our sisters are kissing each other and rubbing each others pussies as we rub each others cocks. Ally and Katie are into each other big time now, and Keith gets up, comes over to me, drops down on his knees in the Jacuzzi and takes my now hard again cock between his lips and starts sucking his sister's ass juice off my raging hard cock. I've never been sucked off by another guy, but as Ally said yesterday, with the weed and alcohol, I really don't give a shit who's sucking my cock. I place my hands on Keith's head and start forcing his head up and down on my cock while he sucks away.
Keith reaches up and starts massaging my balls while he's sucking my cock. He takes my cock deep into his mouth, so far that I can feel his chin on my balls as he sucks me off.
"Shit," I say, "keep sucking my cock, Keith."
Ally and Katie break their kiss and look down at Keith in disbelief as he sucks me off. Ally leans over and starts kissing me deep as Keith goes up and down on me. I reach over Ally and start rubbing Katie's tits as her brother sucks my cock. My balls start to react and I can feel my cum starting to make its way up.
"I'm gonna cum," I warn Keith. The announcement of my impending ejaculation doesn't seem to phase him a bit, as he only sucks me harder and faster. It only takes about thirty-seconds and I start shooting my second load, this time into Keith's mouth. He continues sucking my cock as I empty my balls into his warm mouth. Three shots fill his mouth. Keith continues sucking my cock, and then begins licking the cum off it, as Katie stares at him in disbelief.
"I never knew my brother was a cock sucker," Katie says.
"Me either," Keith replies, while blaming it on the alcohol and the weed. "I've never done that before. Something just sorta took over," he replies, laughing nervously. Ally reaches up with her finger, wiping the cum off his mouth and chin. She then sticks her finger into Katie's mouth, and then sticks it in her own mouth.
"Mmmm," Katie says, tasting my cum.
"That was so fucking awesome," I say, looking at Keith, who just smiles back at me.
The four of us just look at each other for a minute or two, until Ally says, "I'm getting hungry now," to break the tension.
"Yeah, I am too," Katie replies.
"Don't worry, Keith," Ally says. "None of this leaves the house. Who knows, Ry might take a go at you before the night's over."
We all laugh at that comment.
I look at Keith and say, "I've never done it before, but the least I can do is return the favor, but I have to eat something first; and don't expect me to take that whole thing." Saying that, I reach down and stroke his cock and give it a squeeze before letting go.
We all start laughing. "I told Ry that anything goes tonight, and nothing leaves the house. The party's young, who know what'll happen before the night's over, and we have four more days of this."
"Christ, I'm afraid it might just kill me," Keith says.
"Who wants pizza?" Ally asks.
We agree that we should order some pizza, but we'll have to get it delivered, because none of us is able to drive, we're all so wasted.
Ally goes to get her phone from the pool house as the three of us slip down and soak in the Jacuzzi.
"What do y'all want on it?" Ally asks.
"I want just cheese and pepperoni," I reply.
"We like our with everything but anchovies," Keith interjects.
"I'll order two," Ally replies as she speed dials the little pizza shop in town. She gives them our order. They already have her number in the system, so they know where to deliver it, and say that it'll be her in twenty to twenty-five minutes.
Keith goes to the cooler and gets out four beers, pops the tops, and hands them out. The four of us sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi drinking our beers.
"That was fucking awesome," Ally says, and we all agree.
"I never thought I would suck cock," Keith says, "but hell, its a party, isn't it?"
"Yeah, its a party all right," I reply, "and its only going to get better."
We sit around the Jacuzzi for a while drinking several beers when Keith lights another joint. The four of us share it, passing it back and forth. All of us are wasted now with all the weed and beer.
"It's about time for the pizza," I say.
Keith looks at Ally and Katie and says, "I dare you both to answer the door in the nude."
"No way," Katie replies. "We might know who the delivery boy is!"
"A dare is a dare," Keith replies. "Are you fagging out on the dare, girls?"
"No fucking way we're going to the door naked," Katie replies.
Ally takes another toke of the joint and says, "I will if you will, Katie."
"You're fucking kidding me, Allyson."
"Nope, I'm always up to a dare, and its no fun if we stop doing the dares."
"OK. If you will, I will," Katie says, taking the joint from Ally and sucking on it hard, inhaling deep. "I need some more of this if I'm going to do this."
Keith lights up another joint and hands it to Katie. She takes a strong drag on it, and then shotguns Ally. The two of them take a couple more hits, and then we hear the door bell.
"You ready for this, Katie?" Ally asks, taking yet another hit.
Katie takes the joint, takes another hit, hands it to me, and says, "Lets get it over with. Do you have the money?"
Ally gets the money and the two of them head off to the house, with us close behind them. We don't want to miss this.
We walk into the house, and find Hunter, still halfway sleeping on the couch. He looks up at the four of us and just stares at us not knowing if it is real or a dream. He is such an ass.
Ally and Katie walk over to the door, and look back at us. We motion for them to go ahead, and Ally reaches out and opens the door.
Keith and I just about shit as the two of them are standing there, totally nude, looking at the pizza boy.
"Holy shit," I say to Keith. "That's Roger. He's in the band and plays the trumpet with Ally."
Roger just stares at the two nude classmates standing before him. He hands them the pizza without saying a word. Ally gives him the money, and then asks him if he wants to stay for the party. Keith and I are totally cracking up. Keith puts his arm around me, laughing. Roger hears us, and looks toward us. He looks like he's in total disbelief. He knows that I'm Ally's brother and he knows Katie, but I don't think he knows Keith. He looks back at Ally and says, "I, uh, I have to, uh work until eleven, but I can come back if you want me to."
Keith and I totally lose it now. Roger looks at Ally and Katie and then over at us. When he looks at us, Keith turns and kisses me hard while turning to me and pressing his body against mine. I look over at the three of them at the door, and Ally and Katie are about to lose it looking at us. Ally takes the pizza and says, "Well, come back if you want, we'll be here." She leans over and kisses Roger on the lips, slips him the tongue, and then closes the door. Katie and Ally start laughing so fucking hard they can barely stand up. I look back at Hunter and just tell him to go back fucking to sleep. The four of us walk out of the house and back to the pool house and begin eating the pizza and drinking more beer.
"Roger's kinda cute," Ally says, "I had a crush on him last year. I kinda hope he comes back."
"He is cute," Katie admits, "but I don't think he has the balls to come back."
"If he does, we'll break him in good," Keith says.
"Did you notice that Hunter was awake?" Keith asks. "Don't over react, but I think I saw him peaking around the corner at us when we were, uh, doing things in the Jacuzzi."
"He saw us? Oh shit," Ally says. "I forgot he was even here until we went in for the pizza."
"Yeah, I'm sure he did. At least I thought I saw someone peeking around the corner of the pool house, and I'm sure it was him."
"That mother fucker, I'll kill him," I say, getting mad.
"Don't let on, maybe we can have some fun with him. Just let me take care of it. I'll think of something."
We go back to eating out pizza and suck down a couple more beers each. About the time we're finished, Hunter comes strutting into the pool house.
"What the fuck do you want, ass hole?" I ask. About that time, Keith walks over and says something to Katie, who gives him a grin and a nod. I haven't a clue what they're talking about, but I know they're up to something.
"Sure, you can stay if you want," Keith says to Hunter. I am about to say something when Keith grins at me, letting me know that he's got something figured out. I'm really getting to like this guy. I never thought he would suck my cock, but I'm sure that was just the weed and the beer. I really like him, and nod back, giving him permission to continue with whatever he's up to. Ally looks at Katie in the same way, and the four of us know something's up. Ally leans into me and whispers in my ear, "Just go with the flow, bro."
I put my arm around my sister and feel her tit as Hunter looks at us in disbelief.
"If you want to stay, you need to get rid of the clothes," Keith tells Hunter.
"You really gonna let me stay?" he asks.
"I don't know how long. We have to decide that, but drop the clothes and you can have some pizza if you want, and then we'll decide," Keith replies.
"Some beer and weed, too?" Hunter asks.
"Don't press your luck mother fucker," I say to Hunter as Ally squeezes me.
"OK, don't get mad," Hunter says, while unfastening his belt and dropping his pants.
"Everything," Keith says.
Hunter looks at the four of us, unsure of what he should do next. He decides the party is worth the risk, and slips off his shirt, underwear, shoes and socks. Now he's as naked as the four of us.
"Here, have some pizza," Keith says, offering Hunter a piece of pizza and a beer. Hunter takes it cautiously, as if he knows something's up.
"You sure about this?" he asks.
"Just take the damn pizza or get the fuck out of here," Keith replies.
Hunter walks over to Keith and takes the pizza from him, and takes a beer. He opens the beer and chugs it down in one tip. Keith offers him another and Hunter begins drinking it, while looking at the four of us, standing there naked.
Katie walks over to Hunter, reaches down and starts rubbing his cock. "I've always wondered what your cock looked like, Hunter. Not bad. Not bad at all."
It really isn't bad. Of the three of us, mine is the smallest, but Hunter's is a long way from the largest. Katie continues stroking his cock, and the three of us just stand there watching her. I remember that Ally said that Katie wanted to do him, and she does seem to be enjoying playing with his cock. She strokes it a few times and then leans over and gives him a long kiss. Hunter's cock starts growing with her kissing and touching him.
Keith lights up another joint and walks over to me. He takes a toke and hands it to me, and I do the same. "This is gonna be fun," he mouths to me without saying the words out loud. "Just go with the flow."
I take another toke and the two of us walk over to Hunter, and stand next to him. Hunter looks a bit threatened, and starts strutting his stuff.
"You two mess with me, and the word gets out that you're each fucking your sisters. I was watching the whole time you were fucking each other in the Jacuzzi. What do you think people would say if they find out about you guys?"
"We have a rule about the party, Hunter. What happens here stays here. If you want to stay a while, you have to abide by the rule, or things might get a little nasty, know what I mean. You in and agree to the rule?"
Hunter hesitates, but I think Keith convinced him that he's now one of the group.
"Yeah, I guess so. Just as long as I can stay and join in on the fun."
The pizza is all gone, so Keith grabs another round of beers for everyone and suggests that we take the party back to the Jacuzzi. He leads the way and the three of us follow, with Hunter close behind.
When we get to the Jacuzzi, Keith lights up another joint, and the five of us get in the tub and sink down in the water, and begin passing the joint. Keith takes a toke and hands it to me. I do the same and hand it to Ally, who is next to me. Ally takes some, and hands it off to Katie, who does the same and hands it off to Hunter, then she leans over to Hunter and gives him a shotgun. Hunter presses his mouth to Katie and takes the smoke, then takes a drag on the joint himself.
"So, what all did you see, Hunter?" Keith asks.
"I saw everything. I've been watching quite a while, I never was asleep, I was just faking so I could stay longer."
"So you know we were playing a game of Dare, then?"
"Yeah, I saw the dares. I saw everything."
"Then you know that you're a few dares behind. If you want to stay, you'll have to catch up with the rest of us."
Hunter looks around the pool, and all of us are playing our parts. We look like we're interested in having Hunter join the party. I'm not sure what Keith is up to, but I go along."
"Yeah, Hunter, you have a few dares to catch up. You perform them, and then we'll decide if you can stay. Fair enough?"
"That sounds fair, depending on the dares," he replies.
"Oh, I think you'll like them," Katie says, seductively.
Keith looks at me and motions for me to get up on the side of the Jacuzzi, which I do. My feet are hanging in the water. I think I know what Keith has in mind, and I start rubbing my cock. The weed and alcohol have put me in a place that I really don't care now what Keith is thinking. I just want to get Hunter out of here, and Keith said he has a plan. I continue stroking my cock and looking directly at Hunter.
"Here's your first dare. From what I hear, you seem to have a thing for Ryan. Well, here's your chance. I dare you to suck him off for five minutes. No more, no less."
"I'd rather do something with Katie or Ally," Hunter replies, not wanting to admit he really wants to suck my cock.
"You'll have your chance with all four of us. You complete the circle, and you're in for the weekend. You don't, and you have to leave. Them's the rules; and nothing leaves the Jacuzzi. Nobody says nothing about what goes on here. Do it or leave now," Keith says while starting to get up. He looks very aggressive now. Shit, if he told me to run out in the street nude, I would. He seems very threatening.
"OK, I'll do it."
Hunter gets up and walks over to me and starts to kiss me.
"No kissing, yet, Just suck his cock," Keith tells him.
Hunter drops down on his knees. I continue stroking my cock, and then point it directly at Hunter's mouth. I'm totally hard now, waiting for a blow job from a mother fucker.
Hunter takes my cock in his hands, strokes it a couple of times, and then lowers his head and hesitantly takes my cock into his mouth. Ally was right, he's sucked cock before. He's really good at it, too. I look over at the other three and notice Katie as she reaches over to the table beside the Jacuzzi, grabs her phone, and begins recording Hunter as he sucks me off. His back is toward Katie, so he can't see anything. Keith looks at his watch and says, "Five minutes, Hunter. Bonus if you make him cum.
Keith continues to keep time, and is down to three minutes when he walks over behind Hunter and starts rubbing his lower back and ass, which is sticking up out of the water.
"That's it Hunter, three more minutes. Suck that cock, boy, suck that cock."
I watch as Hunter continues sucking me, picking up speed now. Keith continues running his hand up and down Hunter's back, and rubs his ass. Hunter leans back into Keith, as Keith tells me to moan.
"Oh Christ, Hunter, that feels so fucking good. Suck that cock. Suck me hard. Make me cum."
I look over at Ally and Katie. They are about to break out laughing, knowing that Katie is getting the whole thing on tape.
"Two more minutes, Hunter. Make him cum."
Hunter keeps sucking on my cock and I can feel the cum churning in my balls. I reach down and play with my balls with one hand and use the other to press Hunter's head down hard on my cock. Hunter continues sucking.
"One minute to go, Hunter. Keep sucking that cock, you're doing a really good job there," Keith instructs.
About thirty-seconds later I begin to cum. "Shit, Hunter, take that cock, take it all the way, I'm about to bust a nut, man."
Hunter picks up speed, and just as time is supposed to run out, I shoot my load down Hunter's throat. He pulls his head off my cock and I can see a ribbon of cum hanging from Hunter's mouth to my cock. Katie gets it all on her phone. Hunter leans back down and starts licking the cum off my still hard cock. Katie keeps recording until Keith motions for her to put her phone down, which she does.
Hunter stands up, wipes his chin, and licks the cum off his hand.
"Good job, Hunter, good job. You made him cum."
"Yeah, I did, didn't I," Hunter says proudly.
Here, have another beer before the next dare," Keith says, offering Hunter a beer. Hunter downs it and says, "How about some weed with that."
"After the next dare you can have some weed."
Keith looks over at Katie, and she nods her head, telling Keith she's ready for round two.
"Hunter, I know Katie was looking forward to having you at the party. I think its time for her to have a little fun. You ready for dare number two?"
"Yeah, I'm ready," he replies.
"I dare you to go down on my sister and eat her pussy for five minutes. Bonus if you make her cum."
Hunter doesn't hesitate. He rapidly walks over to Katie, who is still standing in the Jacuzzi. He reaches out and rubs her tits and then runs a hand over her pussy. I know that Katie is enjoying this, as do Keith and Ally. Katie leans into Hunter and kisses him briefly, and then sits down on the edge of the Jacuzzi and spreads her legs while playing with her tits and pussy.
Hunter leans down and presses his face to Katie's cunt and begins licking it. Katie leans back and presses her pussy in to his mouth as Hunter laps away at her. Katie closes her eyes and enjoys the job Hunter is doing on her. I really don't understand what Keith is up to and why he's letting Hunter eat out his sister, other than maybe wanting to let Katie get a little pleasure out of this. Katie's eyes are closed as she leans back. Her hips are gyrating against Hunter's mouth as he continues sucking away at her pussy. Ally walks over to me, leans her head on my shoulder, and begins rubbing my cock. I lean over to her and kiss her, and pull her in tight. Ally's still rubbing my cock while my eyes are glued on Katie's cunt as Hunter sucks away. Katie looks like she's really enjoying Hunter as he eats her out. Keith counts down, and finally the five minutes are up.
"Time's up, Hunter."
Hunter pulls his face off Katie's pussy. Katie says, "God, that was so good Hunter. I can't wait for more. I'm really glad you're here. That was the best ever." After saying this she looks over at me and Ally and winks at us, letting us know it is an act, which I seriously doubt. I noticed the way she looked when Hunter was eating her out. She was really enjoying it.
Keith lights up a joint and hands it to Hunter. "Here you go, just as I promised. Take a good hit. You're going to need it for the next dare."
Hunter looks a little scared, but takes the joint from Keith and takes a long tote, inhaling deeply, and then takes another. He hands the joint to Katie, who takes a drag, and then passes it on. We each take a hit off the joint. I look over at Keith, who is standing there stroking his cock, which is beginning to lengthen. Fuck, I think I know what's coming next.
Hunter looks over at Keith and gets a worried expression on his face as he watches Keith stroke his huge cock, which is now at full length. Keith stares into Hunter's eyes.
"You ready for your third dare?" he asks Hunter while never taking his eyes off him as he continues stroking his long cock.
"I think I need a break. Let's just soak a while," Hunter replies, looking down at Keith's hard cock as if he knows what's coming next.
"You have two more dares, Hunter. One with me, and then you do the same thing to Ally as you did with Katie. You in?"
Hunter grabs the joint and takes another hit. We can tell he's getting nervous. He inhales deeply, hands the joint to me, looks at Keith and says, "Yeah. I'm ready."
"OK, here it is. You have to let me fuck you in the ass until I cum. You ready?"
Hunter just stands there as Ally and I walk over and sit down on the side of the Jacuzzi to enjoy the show.
"No fucking way that cock's gonna fit in my ass. You'll split me open with that thing. No fucking way thats going in my ass," Hunter says without moving.
"If you want to eat me, Hunter, you have to take Keith first. He'll fit. He's done me." Ally says while she spreads her legs and begins rubbing her cunt.
"No fucking way. He's not fucking my ass with that."
"Yeah, I am, Hunter. You're taking the whole thing. I'm gonna fuck a white boy with this, and you're going to enjoy it, understand?" Keith says, still stroking his cock and walking over to Hunter. Keith grabs Hunter's arms and says, "Lean over boy, I want that ass of yours and I want it now."
After saying this, Keith turns Hunter around and moves Hunter's hands to the side of the tub and pushes him down so that his ass is right in front of Keith's hard cock. Katie goes over to the table and gets her phone again and begins recording.
"No fucking way, man. No way you're fucking my ass with that cock."
"Shut the fuck up, Hunter, and do as I say," Keith yells at him.
Keith reaches down and spreads Hunter's legs, and presses the head of his hard cock against Hunter's ass hole.
"No, you can't fuck me with that. You'll kill me!" Hunter protests.
"Shut the fuck up and take it like a man, Hunter," Keith yells while pressing his hard cock against Hunter's ass. Keith presses forward, and Katie leans down to get a good shot. Keith spreads Hunter's ass cheeks. Ally reaches over and grabs my thigh tightly. "That's gonna hurt like hell," she whispers in my ear.
Keith presses forward while spreading Hunter's cheeks wide. "You're going to take it man. Press back against my cock white boy."
Hunter is too intimidated not to comply, and presses his ass back against Keith invading cock. Keith presses forward hard, and the head of his cock penetrates Hunter's ass.
"Fuck, that hurts like hell, take it slow, Keith. You're killing me. That hurts like hell."
"Shut the fuck up," Keith yells back while pressing his cock into Hunter's ass. He's in about three inches, but there's a lot to go, as Keith keeps penetrating Hunter's ass. He pulls out, and then rams his huge cock back into Hunter.
"Aw fuck, that hurts like hell," Hunter screams. Katie's getting all this on her phone.
Keith pulls out again, and then thrusts forward hard, ramming most of his cock deep into Hunter's ass. Hunter is screaming all the time for Keith to stop, but Keith is determined to get his whole length into his ass. Three more times he thrusts and then pulls back. The next time, Keith buries his cock balls deep into Hunter's ass. Then he places his hands on Hunter's hips and pulls Hunter's ass back into his cock as he rams it deep into Hunter's ass.
"Oh, yeah, this is good Hunter, this is good," Keith says while fucking Hunter hard. Hunter's face is all contorted with pain as Keith continues fucking his ass. Hunter keeps yelling out in pain as Keith continues ramming his long cock into his ass.
"Stop, Keith, that hurts like hell," Hunter yells out.
"Shut up and take it, Hunter. You have to make me cum, remember; it might take a while."
I start to feel a little sorry for Hunter as Keith keeps ramming his cock into him. I know that it would kill me, too.
Keith continues fucking Hunter's ass while Hunter keeps yelling for him to stop. Keith must get off on this because he keeps pulling Hunter's ass back on his cock as he continues ramming it into him.
"Oh yeah, Hunter, you're a good fuck. Take that cock. Take that cock Hunter."
Keith is fucking Hunter's ass full force now, ramming in and out of him repeatedly. This continues for a few minutes, with Katie secretly recording it all.
"Oh fuck, Hunter, I'm going to cum in your ass, white boy. Take my cock. Take my cock. Keith reaches down and grabs Hunter's balls in his hand a squeezes them hard.
"Shit, let go of my balls, that hurts like hell," Hunter shouts.
Keith reaches under Hunter and grabs his now hard cock. "Looks like you're enjoying it Hunter," Keith says while stroking Hunter's hard cock. "You like this, don't you bitch? Tell me you like it Hunter. Tell me you like my hard black cock in your ass."
Keith continues fucking Hunter's ass and stroking his cock.
"Tell me you like it, bitch," Keith yells.
"OK, I like it."
"You like what, Hunter?"
"I like your hard cock in my ass. Fuck me harder."
Keith picks up the speed fucking Hunter's ass. "Oh, yeah," he says, "you're doing good Hunter. Cum for me, white boy. Cum for me."
Keith continues fucking Hunter's ass and stroking his cock.
"Yeah, I'm gonna cum. Keep beating me off, Keith. I'm gonna cum for you."
"Oh, yea, cum for me," Keith shouts.
Hunter starts shooting his cum all over the side of the Jacuzzi as Keith finishes him off.
"Oh yea, this is good, Hunter, you're making me cum," Keith shouts as he rams his cock deep into Hunter's ass. "I'm shooting my load, man, can you feel it?" Keith asks.
"Yeah, I can feel it. Fill my ass with your cum. Fuck my ass."
Keith continues fucking Hunter's ass while filling it with his sperm. Ally and I can hear the sloshing of Keith's cock drilling Hunter's cum filled ass. I look around and see the juice spilling out of Hunter's ass and running down his leg.
Katie leans forward and gets a good shot of her brother's cum running out of Hunter's ass.
"You get all of that?" Keith asks Katie.
"Yeah, I got it all," Katie replies as Keith pulls his cock out of Hunter's ass with an audible "plop."
Keith slaps Hunter's ass hard, and then pulls him up and turns him around. Hunter looks at Keith, and then over at Katie, who is still holding her phone while recording it all.
"What the fuck is that? Hunter asks, looking at Katie.
"We got the whole thing recorded on Katie's phone, Hunter. First, you sucking off Ryan and then you taking my cock up the ass, and telling me how much you enjoy it."
"You can't do that!" Hunter protests.
"We just did, Hunter. You say anything about what you saw, and this goes out to everyone in the school. Hell, we'll even post it on Face Book. You want everyone to know you like sucking cock and having a black cock in your ass?"
"You wouldn't do that, would you? You said that anything that happens here stays here."
"It does, unless you open your mouth about us," Keith says. "You tell anyone about what you saw and this goes public."
"All I have is you sucking Ryan's cock, and a black cock fucking your ass, Hunter. Nobody's face is in it but yours. Nobody will know its Ryan's cock you sucked or Keith's cock you took in the ass. Your's is the only face shown on the video, and I got some really good shots of it," Katie says, while looking at the playback. "Yeah, your face is really clear in this video. No doubt who is sucking cock and taking it up the ass. It's you, all right," she says while showing Hunter that the recording is for real. You can see Keith's long cock fucking Hunter and we can hear Hunter shouting, "I like your hard cock in my ass. Fuck me harder."
"You can't show that to anyone," Hunter yells.
"You stay silent about what you saw here, and nobody but us sees it. You understand?"
"Yeah, I understand," Hunter replies.
"Now, get the fuck out of here, and keep your fucking mouth shut," Keith says to him.
"You go near Ally again, and this goes public, understand?" I say to him.
"Yeah, I understand asshole."
"Now, get out of here," Keith yells.
Hunter gets out of the tub and starts walking over to the pool house.
"Where you think you're going?" Keith asks.
"To get my clothes and keys," Hunter replies.
Katie reaches over to the table, grabs something and tosses it to Hunter. "Here's your keys, Hunter. The clothes stay here."
"No fucking way I'm leaving my clothes here!" Hunter shouts back.
"Oh, that is your final dare, Hunter. I dare you to drive home nude. We'll get the clothes back to you somehow."
"No fucking way," Hunter yells.
"Do the dare or this video goes public," Katie shouts at him.
Hunter stands there in disbelief. "OK, I' leaving." Hunter says as he turns toward the house and starts walking away, nude. He walks to the house, opens the door, and goes inside, slamming the door behind him. We wait for a couple of minutes, until we hear him start his car and drive away.
The four of us start laughing uncontrollably.
Keith reaches into the cooler and grabs four beers and passes them around. "Now that he's gone, I say we get back to the party," he says while taking a chug on his beer.
We toast our success by clanging our beer bottles together. Keith embraces Katie in a hug, and I embrace Ally. The night is young, and Hunter's gone for good. Let the party continue.
*
Author's Note: OK, as you requested, Hunter's out of the picture for good. There'll be no more of him in the story. If you want me to continue, let me know. Otherwise, you can use your imagination for the rest of the story. Just remember, someone's watching.
TW