He woke late, thinking about the vid call the night before. She was so damn submissive, always eager to please; so daring, naughty and sexy.
He rose out of bed and plodded into the bathroom, emptying his full bladder. As he did, he recalled the explosion of cum the night before. He smiled to himself, knowing she never failed to cum and neither did he. The secrecy of the situation added to the excitement.
As he dressed the phone buzzed, it would be her, she was insatiable he thought, as he pictured her tits in his mind -- they were awesome! Once dressed he wondered downstairs, padded into the kitchen; handcuffs, a chain with nipple clamps and a dildo sat innocently next to the kettle.
"What the?" he muttered under his breath. He stood still and listened -- there was definitely splashing coming from the hot tub in the garden.
He opened the back door, the hot tub was on, someone had sparked it into life -- she was here -- he could see the back of her head, her long dark hair tied back into a ponytail.
He stepped closer. As he did, she turned around. God -- those tits! She stood there in front of him, in the hot tub in a brightly coloured bikini. Her tits held in place by a thin bikini strap - those beauties looked amazing. They were so big and well formed, firm jugs, plenty for anyone to play with and bury their head in. Her pale, slim body looked amazing -- sleek and wet.
Blindfolded, Amy could hear his deep breathes as he drew closer, her nipples stood to attention as her excitement rose. She just hoped he had the nipple clamps and handcuffs with him; she was looking forward to the pain and the pleasure. She unclipped her top, letting her tits drop; she could feel herself tingle between the legs, as she knew he would be aroused instantly at the awesome sight of her naked, exposed tits and hard, firm nipples.
He gazed at her, as the tits were unleashed like two eager puppies -- her nipples were already hard -- the slight breeze making them firmer -- oh fuck. He felt his crotch twitch; those tits, those nipples, he groaned aloud as he felt himself stiffen.
Turning about quickly, he returned to the kitchen and slurped some coffee before snatching the handcuffs, nipple clamps and dildo of the side. Before returning to the hot tub where she stood motionless for a second.
On hearing his footsteps, she began to explore her own body. Pinching, pulling, pinching, and pulling her own nipples. Moving her head back she thrusted those bazookas forward. She knew she came across as sweet and innocent, although she stood there in the hot tub exploring her own body like a whore.
Without hesitation, he stood behind her, reached forward and grabbed one of her wrists forcefully, as he pulled her arm behind her back, the other followed instantly. Holding her wrists together, he cuffed her.
"I am your master, and you will follow my every command!" he adjured in her ear. She groaned in pleasure at the very thought.
Picking up the chain, he repositioned himself and stood in front of her amazing body before taking one clamp at a time. He clamped her left nipple, clamped her right nipple -- tightly. She moaned as he clamped each nipple. They were so tight -- he yanked the chain hard, she arched her back and moaned aloud.
"That feels so good, Master!" she whimpered in delight, despite the pain. Amy loved pleasurable pain.
He dropped the chain, letting it swing freely, grabbed her panties and pulled them down with one swift yank. She lifted one foot up at a time. He pulled her panties out of the hot tub and held the crotch to his nose.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," He savoured her scent -- she smelt so, so sweet -- her smooth, wet pussy made her look so innocent. She looked and smelt adorable. Dropping the panties, he pulled the chain, Amy moaned out loud as he pulled at her nipples. She moaned and moaned -- the more he yanked the chain the louder she moaned. He could hear her pleasure; she loved the pain!
Expertly, he felt her pussy. He slipped in a finger, and pushed it in deep as he used his free hand to pull her clamped nipples - she moaned in pleasure and he could feel her excitement. She was so wet, yet so tight. The deeper he pushed his finger in and the more he pulled her nipple chain, the louder she moaned; she fucking loved it! Her moaning excited him; the stirring in his crotch was bliss -- just bliss. He slid his finger out, tasted her juice before clasping her clit and clamping it hard.
"Mmmmm!" Her moans told him she loved it -- his hard shaft was now bursting to be released; he knew what he had to do.
Pulling his trousers and boxers off, he released his throbbing mass -- he held himself firmly before stepping into the hot tub.
As he splashed into the water, Amy stepped forward he could feel her nipples against his chest. He grabbed her by the back of the head and pulled her ponytail back.
"Down now!" he commanded.
She obeyed instantly; went to her knees and within seconds, she had her tongue on his cock. He moaned as she playfully, teasingly licked the tip of his cock - licked across the tip, round the tip -- he pulled the chain hard and as she did, she was more forceful on his cock and moaned aloud. He knew she loved the pain! He could feel her excitement and pleasure as she forced her head forward to take his hard shaft deeper into her mouth.
He grabbed the back of her head and forced himself deeper into her mouth, again and again. He moaned. She groaned. He pulled the chain hard and she squealed as he yanked at the nipple clamps before he touched those hard buds between his own fingers. He moaned aloud. Her nipples felt so good; hard and firm between his finger and thumb, he felt a jolt through his body as he stood there, his hands on her nipples and his cock in her mouth -- it was heavenly! Reluctantly, he let go of her nipples and placed his hands at the back of her head, he could feel himself cuming. This he knew was going to be good.
He forced her to go deep. Again and again and again. She gagged, but he continued to force her hard on his cock. He rolled his eyes as he felt a surge in his cock. Fuck -- it felt fucking good!
She was like a hard-core nymphomaniac, the way she continued to have her mouth fucked. He pushed her back, grabbed the chain and pulled hard, she shivered and tingled and moaned. Pulling the chain -- feeling her breasts and kneading her nipples in between his fingers -- she leaned back -- those jugs!
He could feel himself cuming -- he was close. He grabbed her harder this time, used both hands to fuck her mouth, the tip of his cock could feel her overactive tongue and the back of her throat.
"Mmmm," he groaned aloud -- before pushing her back.
Cock in one hand and chain in the other, he tugged her nipples; they were still firmly gripped by the clamps. She moaned, moaned more -- heavier, deeper breaths. He knew she was coming.
He exploded -- his cum burst forth and covered her face -- she licked her lips and let out a high pitch groan -- his cum dripped from her face onto her nipples and breasts.
He picked up the dildo whilst he continued to stroke his long shaft.
"Stand up!" he ordered.
"Yes, yes MASTER."
She stood, and with one good thrust, he thrust the dildo deep into her pussy. Harder and faster with every movement, he would make her cum
"Mmmmm, Mmmmmmm...fuck me Master, fuck me, please!" she pleaded.
He thrust it in deep; in and out, in and out; she was such a fucking whore -- she loved it!
As she came, he felt her body twitch and felt her pussy juice drip on his fingers.