This is a continuation of our real life adventures as we explored our sexuality. All of the events described actually occurred.
*
Kristen and I were really beginning to enjoy all of the new experiences we were having. Kristen continued to play on line and chat with many guys and couples. She chatted with one couple, Lacey and Brad, who were interested in meeting us for dinner and sexy conversation. We met them in an Applebee's and enjoyed their company. We decided to meet them the following week at a cocktail lounge. The plan was for the girls to wear some sexy clothes.
Kristen wore a white sheer blouse with a half bra that made her breasts stick out leaving her nipples totally exposed. She wore a blazer over it because she wasn't quite sure she could go through with our plan. She also wore a short black skirt with a thong and thigh high stockings. Lacey wore a low cut short dress. We were seated off in a corner pretty much away from the crowd. After a few drinks our conversation turned to sex and Brad and I commented about how sexy our wives looked.
Brad was telling me how much he thought I'd like Lacey's breasts. The words had no sooner left his lips, when he reached across and pulled down the top of Lacey's dress exposing her breasts to us. I couldn't believe it. She just smiled while Kristen and I checked out her breasts. She was larger than Kristen, and had brown nipples about an inch and a half in diameter with a very small center. She slowly moved her shoulders so that the dress moved back up covering most of her breasts, leaving just the edge of her nipples showing.
Kristen looked at me and smiled. She leaned back and slid her blazer open so that her pert breasts were now visible. The fabric of her blouse was so sheer you could clearly see the white lacey half bra. The sight of her breasts, with her pink nipples jutting through the flimsy fabric gave me an instant hard-on.
As we talked and drank the girls became even more relaxed. Brad and I encouraged them to flash their pussies. They were hesitant at first but perseverance pays off. Brad and I were sitting opposite the girls. Lacey spread her legs a bit to give me a quick peak. I saw that she was also wearing thigh high stockings and black panties. I couldn't see much more, though I tried. Kristen saw that Lacey had flashed me, so she felt she had to return the favor to Brad. She opened her legs a little so that we could see her upper thigh. I told her we couldn't see much so she opened her legs further showing us her sheer white thong. Though the fabric was totally sheer we couldn't see her pussy through them due to the poor lighting.
It was so hot having another woman show me her tits and flash me. It was even hotter watching Kristen expose herself to Brad and me! We all decided that it was a big turn on and that we'd meet in the same place the following week. Brad and I conspired to try to get the girls to go without any underwear at all for our next meeting.
Prior to our Saturday night date I asked Kristen if she'd go without a bra and also leave her panties at home. She said she'd think about it, but made no promises.
That night Kristen came out and modeled what she was wearing. She had another sheer, low cut blouse with no bra and a blazer as a cover up to be worn until we got to our cozy corner. She also wore a short skirt with pleats around the bottom, and black, thigh high stockings. I was hard before we even left the house.
We got to the cocktail lounge and made our way to the same corner table we had been at last week. I sat opposite Kristen. Brad and Lacey arrived a few minutes later. Brad quickly took the seat next to me. Lacey wore a thin, clingy, sweater that buttoned up the front. It was obvious that she too wore no bra. She also had worn a calf length skirt that buttoned up the front. She had left quite a few buttons undone exposing a lot of leg.
We ordered our drinks and Brad almost immediately asked Kristen to take her blazer off. She told him he had to wait until our drinks arrived. Once our drinks arrived Kristen took a quick look around to make sure she couldn't be seen and took off her blazer. Her nipples were poking through the sheer fabric and the light from a lamp on the side table illuminated her breasts beneath the fabric. She looked incredible.
I told Lacey that she looked great too, but that I wished I could see a bit more like Brad could. Without hesitating a bit, she unbuttoned a few more buttons on her sweater allowing one side of it to fall away from her breast. One breast was entirely exposed to us. Brad leaned forward and told Kristen that he wished he could see her breasts without have to look through the sheer fabric. Kristen then leaned forward allowing her low cut blouse to hang open revealing both her tits to us. As we stared she reached up and undid two buttons which allowed her to sit back with her breasts still pretty much exposed.
The drinks were flowing and Lacey began to open and close her legs a bit to tease us. She finally spread them wide enough for me to see she had no panties on. I wanted to crawl beneath her skirt for a better look. She had dark pubic hair which made it difficult for me to see much in the shadows.
Kristen was watching our reaction to Lacey's flashing and began to tease us as Lacy had. Each time she spread her legs a bit further. She finally spread them wide enough to expose her naked pussy. I couldn't believe that she had really gone with out her panties. Kristen's pussy is well trimmed with just a bit of hair above her slit. Because of her fair complexion and little pubic hair, we got an excellent glimpse of her pussy. Brad was just about drooling. He stood up to adjust his hard on, which was bulging beneath his pants. Lacey said she wanted to see what was making us so crazy. She came around and sat on Brad's lap. Kristen was a bit embarrassed to have another woman see her pussy.
With our encouragement she opened her legs again and gave the three of us another show. Lacey was as interested as the two of us. Brad told Lacey that we couldn't really see her pussy that well. She went back to her chair and spread her legs once more. We could see more but nothing like we could with Kristen. I had anticipated the dark viewing area and surprised the three of them when I pulled out two small disposable flashlights. Brad and the girls couldn't believe that I had thought of this. I turned the small lights on and asked the girls to slide them into the tops of their stockings. They looked at each other, laughed, and did as I requested.
It worked perfectly! The small lights acted like little spotlights. Lacey placed one leg over the arm of her chair to give us a better view. With the light we could easily see the slit of her pussy surrounded by her curly pubic hair. Her pussy lips were quite different than Kristen's. Lacey's inner lips protruded beyond her outer lips even with her legs closed. When she opened her legs her inner lips were almost as long as her pussy slit. Her lips were light brown in color.
Kristen then opened her legs to give us an illuminated view. It was incredible! We stared at her slit. It was totally exposed since her pussy was clean shaven. The skin surrounding her vagina was very pale but became pink as it got closer to her lips. Her outer lips totally covered her inner lips. We encouraged her to spread her legs wider to open up her outer lips. She was happy to oblige. When she opened up we could see her red, rose petal shaped inner lips. They are were about an inch long and stuck out about a half inch. I encouraged her to open her inner lips for us. She reached down and lightly separated them with her finger. We could now see that the opening to her vagina was glistening with pussy juice.
Not to be out done, Lacey also reached down and spread her inner lips apart for us. Both Brad and I had raging hard-ons which the girls took notice of. Lacy said she wanted to see them. I told her I'd be happy to show her but that Brad and I could be locked up if we whipped them out in public.
As we were winding up the evening Brad offered an idea for our next meeting. He said that since the girls wanted to see our dicks, and we wanted to see more of them, why not go to a motel? He suggested that we get a room with a king size bed and that we could make love to our wives while lying next to each other on the same bed. In that way we would really be able to see each other. There would be only one rule, no touching. Lacey said that it sounded hot, but Kristen said she'd have to think about it during the week.
It was a long week for me. I was afraid to bring up the topic to Kristen for fear of seeming too eager. Finally, on Friday, Kristen asked me what I thought about the idea. I told her that I thought it would be really exciting, and that she didn't have to worry about anything happening since we agreed there would be no touching. She smiled at me and said, "Let's do it!"
We spoke to Brad and Lacey online to firm up our plans. Brad found a discreet motel where we would meet. He called us on Saturday and told us he had checked, and gave us the room number. We arrived, bringing our liquid inhibition (wine & beer) with us. We were all a bit nervous, so we started off with a few drinks. The girls got things rolling with some flashing. Since it was only the four of us, they were much more comfortable about being exhibitionists. While both girls were exposing their breasts to us by opening their blouses, Lacey decided to take hers off completely. Kristen looked at me, smiled and took off her blouse too.
I couldn't believe she was actually sitting there with no top in front of another couple... Lacey was sitting directly across from me. She began to open her legs giving me a look at her newly shaved pussy. She said that since Brad loved looking at Kristen's shaved pussy so much, she figured we'd like seeing hers shaved too. Boy was she ever right! She then opened her legs about as wide as she could while pulling up her skirt. Her entire pussy was exposed to me. At the same time Kristen began showing her pink slit. It was already glistening with her juices.
Lacey suddenly closed her legs and said she wanted to see my cock. I looked over at Kristen smiling at me, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my raging hard- on. My dick is pretty much average, about six inches long and a normal thickness. Lacey laughed and said it looked good enough to eat. It was Kristen's turn to ask Brad to see his cock. He was more than happy to show her. He unzipped, and pulled out his rock hard dick. This was actually the first time (other than in porn movies) that I had seen another guy with a hard on. Brad's dick was probably about eight inches long, and quite a bit thicker than mine. His dick was topped off with what Kristen always called a mushroom head. We watched our share of porn and I knew that she liked the look of dicks that had a big head, and that was exactly what she got to see.
Lacey got up and grabbed Brad by the dick and led him to the bed. She pushed him down and pulled off his pants as he removed his shirt. Kristen and I sat there mesmerized watching as Lacey began stroking Brad's already hard dick. Her stroking was soon followed by her licking the shaft of his cock. At that point I reached over and began playing with Kristen's tits. I started tugging on her nipples making them even harder and longer. She started rubbing my dick as Lacey was rubbing Brad's. I stood up, removed my pants and shirt and led Kristen to the bed.
As we joined Lacey and Brad on the bed it was hard not to continually stare at them. We didn't want it to appear that we only wanted to watch them. We began to get more active ourselves. Kristen continued to stroke my cock and began fondling my balls. I started to stoke the inside of her thighs working my way closer to her pussy. I pulled her legs apart so that Brad and Lacey could see me start to play with her clit. They glanced as us as we did at them. We were all a bit concerned about not staring too much. I started to lightly flick her clit and rub the groove along side her inner lips. Kristen was now licking the head of my dick and slowly inserting it into her mouth. Brad told Lacey to stop sucking him and to watch us.
That was all the encouragement Kristen needed. She started to suck my dick into her mouth inch by inch. Brad and Lacey sat there not two feet away watching Kristen swallow my dick as I moved on to fingering her pussy. Brad told Lacey to watch how Kristen took all of my cock into her throat. I couldn't take much more, so I told Kristen to stop. I moved on and began licking her pussy while plunging two fingers in and out of her dripping slit.
Lacey pushed Brad back and straddled him leaning over so that he could suck on her hanging tits. Brad began thrusting his hips upward toward Lacey's dripping pussy. He eventually got his cockhead to start entering between her lips. Kristen and I kept sneaking peeks as Brad pushed his engorged prick into her waiting pussy. It wasn't a good angle for him because on the third thrust his cock popped out. I couldn't believe it when Kristen reached out and encircled his pulsing shaft with her hand. She took his cock and guided his mushroom head between Lacey's lips. She pushed it in as far as it would go into Lacey's waiting hole. I looked at her questioningly because she had broken the only rule we had. She sort of glanced away and pulled me on top of her.
I rammed my shaft home. The four of us were wildly fucking within inches of each other. Within a matter of a few minutes we all had cum. It had been so exciting; no one had any staying power. As we got dressed we all agreed that we had wanted to watch each other more, but were afraid to do so. Nobody brought up the fact that Kristen had violated the rules. We all agreed that we would like to do it again with as much watching as anyone wanted.
To be continued in part four.