Sarah and I slept soundly that night, my cock never leaving her mouth. My precum had filled her mouth, and it ran out to form a pool where she lay. As she raised her head slightly, her cheek was soaked, and I giggled softly at the sight. My sister just smiled, and started stroking me until I grew hard in her hand. She sat up on the bed, and continued stroking my penis as she wiped the fluids from her face. She rubbed it into her breasts as she pulled. My cock throbbed as my sister expertly jerked me off. Sarah leaned down to kiss me good morning, and I caressed her firm, hanging breasts. I pulled on her nipples, and she gripped me tighter in her palm.
I broke our kiss, and said, "Sarah, I'm going to cum."
She looked at me with a devilish grin, and scooted back down and took me into her mouth. She sucked me hard, and swirled her tongue around the head. That's all I could take. I emptied my balls into my little sister's mouth, and she greedily swallowed it all. Satisfied when I had finished feeding her my seed, she snuggled beside me and lay her head on my arm.
"So when are we moving," she asked.
"Soon, love. I'll call to make arrangements today for the movers, so we'll probably be able to get on the road in the next week or so. I still need to get all the papers signed so we can officially take possession, too."
She looked slightly disappointed, but understood all that needed to take place.
"How about this," I started. "I'll get some things done for work here today, then we can drive up there for the weekend and check the place out."
"OK!" Sarah exclaimed, anxious to see her new forever home. "Can we leave tomorrow?"
"Let me see what I can do, and what all needs to be done at work. If I can either finish or let some things go, we can leave in the morning."
"I'm so excited, J!" Sarah said as she again grasped my still rigid rod. "I can't wait to move to our new home." Sarah leaned in to kiss me deeply and passionately. "I'm the luckiest girl in the world right now. You have taken such good care of me. I love you, big brother."
Sarah kissed me briefly again, then said, "now let's get up. You have things to do so we can go."
Not one to disappoint the love of my life, I stretched, and crawled out of bed, my sister's delectable ass leading the way. We made our way to the bathroom together, and did our morning rituals. I couldn't help but feel a sense of amazement that I was sharing my life with such a beautiful woman, my little sister.
"Breakfast?" Sarah asked.
"Sure," I replied. "I'll be in the office getting our affairs in order."
Sarah kissed me on the cheek, and I watched as the sexy, naked nymph bounced off to the kitchen to prepare a morning meal for her man. Finishing my routine, I went to the office, and logged in. As it turned out, there was very little I needed to do to get work in order to allow us time for me to be off for the move. I made a few quick calls, and set up some things via email. After a bit, Sarah came up behind me, and ran her hands down my chest. Her bare, firm breasts pressed against the back of my head. She leaned down and whispered in my ear that breakfast was ready. Not wanting to leave her touch, I reluctantly got up, and held her hand as we walked to the dining room to eat. She had prepared a hearty breakfast, and I sat enthralled by her naked beauty as I ate.
"What," Sarah asked, noticing my stares.
"Nothing, I'm just admiring how beautiful you are."
Sarah blushed, and looked down at her food. "How can you love me so much? So sincerely?"
"Sarah, my love, you are without a doubt the very best thing that has ever happened to me. You care so very much about me. You've shown me nothing but love and respect and care since we connected a while back, and I can't imagine my life without you in it in this way. I'm attracted to your heart, your mind, and your body, and I...I just love you, Sarah."
Tears welled in her eyes as she stared into mine, hanging on every word.
"Don't ever doubt that I love you with all that I have in me. I'm madly in love with you, and my love grows deeper for you every single day."
Putting her fork down, she rose and stood beside me. I stood to join her, and took her naked form into my arms. She sobbed onto my shoulder, and I pulled her tighter.
"I love you, J," she said, through muffled sobs. "Thank you for loving me, and for taking such good care of me."
"Forever and ever," I replied.
We stood there holding each other for awhile before finally breaking back into reality. I ran my hands down her bare back, and firmly grasped her ass cheeks. I pulled up on them as she looked up into my eyes.
I kissed my sister's moist lips, and said, "I need to get back to work so I can get you out of here."
She smiled, and eagerly let me go back to it. She went to work cleaning up the breakfast mess. I stopped and watched her briefly, her naked body moving so fluidly. I wanted to grab her and fuck her on the table, but knew I had to get back to getting our future in order. I left her to it, and went back to the office.
I called the agent, and made arrangements to meet tomorrow to get all the paperwork done. The title search was complete, and it was ours but for the signatures. Just before hanging up, the woman told me that the adjacent 360 acres had come on the market. She told me how much it was, and it was a song. I beckoned Sarah, not wanting to make the decision without her.
"So do you remember me telling you about that land next to ours with the lake on it?"
"Yes," she replied cautiously.
"It's on the market, and we can make a cash offer right now."
A wide smile spread across her face. "So we would have 400 acres and a lake?"
"Yes, and I'll build us a nice gazebo and get a boat."
"Yes," she said excitedly. "Let's do it."
Sarah sat on my lap as I talked to the agent, and made our offer. My cock rose beneath her, and started oozing it's slippery fluids onto the underside of her thigh. Sarah spread her legs on my lap, and pulled my leaking prick up between her moist folds. She pressed my cock between her pussy lips and gently stroked me as my conversation continued.
"So?" Sarah asked as I hung up, her hand never leaving where we connected.
"We should know by the time we get there tomorrow. They have to pass the offer to the owner, and see if they accept, but it sounds good."
"YAY! So when can we leave? Now?"
I laughed, and said, "not this minute, but it does look like we can leave tonight, if that's what you want."
"I want!"
"Ok, let me finish up here, and we'll get ready. I should be done 2 or 3."
"Ok," she replied before climbing off my lap, leaving my rigid pole slick with our combined fluids. Her pussy was so wet, and I found it extremely challenging to not fuck her. I had to get done so we could leave. The last thing I wanted to do was to disappoint her, so I withheld my horniness for my little sister, and got back to it.
"Do you want me to pack anything for you," Sarah asked.
"Yes, and you better take something for yourself, too."
She froze, taken aback that I would ask her to put clothes on.
"It's getting to be fall now, love. It's pretty cool in the evenings up there."
"Oh...ok," she replied, not having lived in a cooler climate before.
"It's ok, baby girl. I want you naked as much as possible; I just don't want you to get cold. Just take something warm just in case, but you don't have to put anything on unless you get cold and I can't keep you warm."
Understanding, she smiled, and went back to the bedroom. She packed sweatpants and shirts for both us in a small duffel. After gathering toiletries and such, she was full on ready to go. Atop our bag was a scant sun dress that she could throw on if we needed to stop along the way, but she fully intended to be naked for the ride. I had no complaints about that, though her naked beauty makes it difficult to concentrate at times.
It was almost 3 when I finally wrapped up. I packed up my laptop, and went to find my beautiful sister. I found her sitting on the couch, engrossed in a book on my iPad.
"I'm going to have to get her one of her own," I thought to myself.
Quietly, I snuck up behind her, as she sat facing away from me. She jumped when she felt me reach around her, and capture her tits in my hands. Her breath escaped her as I kissed her neck. She tilted her head to the right, giving me full access to her slender neck. She put the iPad on the couch beside her, and closed her eyes and let me have my way with her body. Her hand went to her pussy as I gently caressed her breasts, pulling her extended and erect nipples. She spread her legs and stroked her moist clit while I continued my assault on her upper body. I licked her neck, leaving wet trails all around. I watched as she pushed two fingers into her sopping slit, and finger-fucked herself. I pressed her breasts together, then pulled them apart, applying a massaging movement to them. My sister openly masturbated in front of me as I pleasured her heaving tits. Her breathing became more ragged, and she scooted her ass to the edge of the couch as her fingers moved more feverishly inside of her. She turned her head, and offered me the other side of her neck. I sucked gently, and felt precum steadily flow from my penis onto the floor. As I gently bit her neck, my sister came. Her body shook as her pussy expelled its nectar. A small puddle formed at her feet, and the spray splashed across the floor.
When she came down and her body stopped shaking, she jumped up and literally ran behind the couch where I was standing. She looked at me with lust-filled eyes, and bent over the couch, her perfect ass pointing directly at me. No words were said. She just wagged that beautiful tush at me. I stepped up and put my hands on her thighs. Her sweet clam was ready to receive my aching offering, and I gently fed it inside. As I pushed, I reached under her to capture her breasts. I pulled her up to me, and we stood together as I entered her cunt from behind. Slowly, I fed my cock into her, in and out, in and out. I made love to my sister. After only a short time, she came again, her juices joining mine on the floor.
Sarah turned after her orgasm, dislodging me from her steamy slit. She took my hand, and pulled me to the bedroom. She sat on the side of the bed, and pulled her legs up, spreading her delicate offering before me. With her legs so far apart, I entered her pussy again, reaching depths I could not from the standing rear entry. She came again as I bottomed out inside of her. I fucked her hard and fast through her orgasm, not letting it subside immediately. I pushed her back on the bed, and leaned down to suck on her nipples as I pummeled her twat with my cock. I sucked hard on her nipples, and she arched her back up and her head went back. Her beautiful brown hair spread out around her, and her body became flushed.
"I'm going to cum, baby girl," I told her.
"Cum in me," she panted. "Cum in your sister's pussy. Give me your cum."
With one final thrust, I shoved myself as deep as I could inside of my sister, and my penis injected her womb with sperm. After the first few intense blasts, I started to slowly fuck her again, still cumming, and pushing as much seed into her as I could. My sister took a huge load into her tight little pussy. I collapsed on top of her as I recovered.
"That was amazing," she said. "Can we go now?"
"Yes, baby, we can go now. I think we should shower first, though."
"Ok," she said. "Can we do it together?"
"Of course!"
I got off of her, pulling my spent cock from her moist confines. Standing between her open legs and seeing her soaking wet and well fucked, I couldn't help but rise to full staff again. She was just so absolutely and perfectly beautiful. I took her hands and helped her to her feet, then took her in my arms. My erect penis, leaking again, pressed between us. I kissed her deeply and told her I love her, then led her to the shower. With her back to me, she let me wash her hair. I love running my fingers through her hair, and I pressed my cock between her cheeks as I did. She rose on her toes, and pressed back into me. Taking the hint, I pushed. Her puckered hole slowly relaxed and let my slippery intruder inside. My cock ached, but I pushed until my balls were lodged between her cheeks. I ran my shampoo-coated hands down her breasts, and held myself fully inside of my sisters ass. Her head leaned back to rest on me as the hot water cascaded over us, rinsing her hair. Her head lifted again so I could make sure all of the soap was gone. Once she was fully clean, I started to slowly fuck her ass. Sarah bent at the waist, and put her hands against the shower wall so I could take full advantage of her perfect butt. She stood there and let her big brother shove his cock up her ass. I grabbed her hips and thrust a bit faster, feeling my balls tighten.
"Give it to me," she said. "Tell me when you're going to cum."
"Now," I told her, being just on the edge.
She whipped around and sank to her knees, rapidly dislodging me from her ultra-tight hole. She knelt before me with her hands on her breasts, and opened her mouth to receive my load. Having just came, it wasn't huge, but it was enough. I put the tip just inside her open mouth, and without touching myself, I fired jets of cum across her tongue and to the back of her throat. As the jets subsided to smaller dribbles, I jerked myself to completion, making sure every drop was deposited into her awaiting mouth. Finally, she closed her mouth around the tip, and sucked the remaining dribbles from my shaft. Satisfied I was empty, she closed her mouth, swished it around a bit, the looked up at me as she swallowed my load. So beautiful.
I turned the shower off, helped my sister to her feet, and toweled her perfect body dry. I put on a pair of white basketball shorts, a t-shirt, and flip flops. Sarah put on flip flops only. I grabbed our bag and my laptop, and we went to my car. I opened the door and helped my sexy nude sister inside, then reached across her to fasten her seatbelt. I straightened the strap, and let me hand linger on her breasts, feigning making her comfortable. In reality, I just wanted to touch her. She smiled, knowing exactly what I was up to. I closed her door, and joined her in the car.
"Are you ready for this?"
"Yes!"
"Then let's do it," I told her as I started the car.
As I suspected, it was very distracting with such a gloriously beautiful naked woman sitting next to me. Knowing where the bumps are, I purposely hit some so I could watch her firm breasts bounce. I took my sister's hand, and we made our way north. Sarah settled in for the 12 hour drive.