"Mmmm Connor... I'm his good girl."
I'm not sure exactly why she said it but I could tell what it was doing to Connor. He lifted his head up slowly and tilted it to the side before biting his lip slightly. He never responded audibly but you could tell it was affecting him. He shifted up in the hot tub a little bit and looked around the yard. It was the first time in a while where any one of them looked around... or even cared about their surroundings. He gazed around the back yard.. seeing that nothing much had changed. It was pretty quiet. There was still some noise... still some movement around the house... but to Connor it probably felt like they were all alone. In another yard or another city. Or another world.
Connor returned him focus to the hot tub, sinking back down in the tub just a little bit.
My girlfriend snapped back into reality a bit too. "Ok, so... have you had enough? Should I put my top back on now?"
"Are you cold?" Scott questioned lightheartedly.
"No... idiot." she giggled. "It's just... I don't wanna get too many wrinkles... you know? I've been in here a while."
Connor looked over at where her top was laying and made sure the jets in the hot tub weren't slowing down at all.
"I told you it's safe over here whenever you need it. Do you really wanna put it back on? You seem to be in good hands for now."
Scott continued to massage her tits and pull on her nipples I assumed. It was a bit tough to see exactly everything that was going on from where I was but damn if I couldn't hear almost every word. I almost... felt weird at this point. Did I let this go on for too long? What if I walked up right now? She would probably be embarrassed to be caught without her top on. I have to admit too, this was exciting to me. Very exciting. I just... don't want her to feel bad or weird about it.
That being said, this is more than I ever expected out of her. The new sides was both interesting but came with a lot of questions. Had she fantasized about any of this before? Was she bored with us? Maybe... this was just a momentary thing. Maybe this moment wouldn't ever arise for her again.
She was seemingly wiggling against him while he let his hands slide over her body. She was being silent, eyes closed, putting on a show for Connor. He was whispering in her ear again... and damnit I wished I could hear what was being said. She went from straight faced... to a little grin... to open mouth... to big grin...to biting her lip.
She kept her eyes closed too...
Until...
Scott said something which made her open her eyes. She looked contemplative... before moving her head around... also checking out the backyard. Her eyes darted around in the minimal light; into the dark.
She then.. got up a little bit.. shifting around... and then sitting back down closer to Scott. She.. was sitting on his lap but maybe more importantly... it raised her body up so her handful tits were now out of the water.
"Scott thought you'd maybe wanna see them."
"Man, Scott, you're always thinking of me. What a great friend."
Everything was still so lighthearted, so playful.
Scott whispered in her ear again and she audibly said, "Mmmmmm no. I'm not gonna do that."
Scott looked over at Connor and then back at her. "Are you sure? Could be fun. You're already sitting in my lap. Let me enjoy that beautiful body, baby."
"Mmmmm no," she responded again.
I caught myself drop jawed. Shouldn't I be thankful she said no? Or maybe upset at this whole thing? But... I liked watching her be tempted. She still had her limits though. She didn't let anyone cross lines.
My imagination was running wild watching this scenario. This was incredible. But of course she wouldn't let him fuck her. Of course she wouldn't let him..
"...Mmmmmm not right now at least," she moaned, looking straight into Connor's eyes. "You both are bad... so... so bad." She closed her eyes again.
Her body exposed to the air was making her nipples hard; making her amazing tits hard. Scott's hands weren't there anymore either. His hands weren't moving up and down her anymore. He was seemingly focused on what was under the water.
"What have I done? Why am I bad? I'm just over here minding my own business? Scott's the one getting all the fun. But.. I can be bad if you want me to."
Connor moved across the water... reaching out to grab her hand... pulling her off and a bit out of the water. She moved through the jets and the waves to the opposite side of the tub. She turned around... once again sitting in the tub, but this time on top of Connor's lap.
"See Scott?" She muttered. "This gentleman kept HIS shorts on."
With that, Connor turned her head away to the left towards him ... she leaned back and to the side to allow her lips to meet his. Her third pair of lips this evening... He had his hands in her hair so subtly. This... was a bit more romantic than before. Scott was controlling and a bit rougher with his seduction while... Connor was taking a different approach. Their kisses seemed slow and sweet...
But Connor wasn't subtle with his hands...
She started to move... as he clearly let his hands wander down to her legs. Sitting on his lap... she spread her legs just a little more, responding to his touch.
And as their lips separated, I could hear him say quietly, "Do you like your clit being rubbed? Are you really such a good girl?"
"Mmmm... I am. I am a good girl. I really am... but don't stop. Please don't stop, Connor."
"You fucking like that don't you? You were teasing me like crazy over there, playing all innocent. Do you want me to stop rubbing that pussy?"
"Mmmmm. no... just.. kiss me. please kiss me."
As he grabbed her neck again... moving to kiss her... I could tell he was looking across the hot tub at Scott, who had been quiet this whole time. Without trying to disturb the water... Scott got up.
His cock exposed near the top of the water...
He was absolutely erect and had his hand slowly stroking himself...
She didn't know... she was caught up in Connor's fingers and lips...
Scott stepped up onto the seating area to her right side... now completely exposed...
It was clear what he wanted...
It was clear that Connor knew he wanted it too...
Her seemingly unaware...
With a soft gentle hand... Connor wrapped his fingers in her hair and kissed her deep one last time before turning her...
She turned.. and immediately noticed Scott was not across the tub anymore...
Scott.. was now stroking his cock... within reach of her hand... within reach of her lips...
Looking down into her eyes and slowly stroking his hard cock...
"Baby... if you guess how big it is... maybe I'll let you lick it..."