Part 1 -- Prologue -- The office competition
My name is Linda. I graduated from University a year ago and started working in an office in a big city in California. I really liked my job and the people I worked with. My team consisted of 12 people and all of us were in our twenties, so it was a great working environment with lots of banter and joking around.
It was the final day of June, and the day when the results of a little competition we'd had in the office that month were announced. We'd been basically competing in who can get the most business for the company and the winner was to get an extra week of vacation.
This was quite a great reward since everyone in the office loved travelling. We even had a special wall, where people put photos from their travels. There was a great photo of John sitting on the edge of the Great Wall of China, a photo of Olivia at Oktoberfest in Germany, dressed in traditional Bavarian clothing, a funny photo of Macy feeding small monkeys in Indonesia while they climbed all over her, a pretentious photo of Tom at the Eiffel Tower with a bottle of wine and a baguette in his hands, and a bunch more.
I didn't get much vacation since I had only worked there for a year, so I had been trying really hard to win, pulling extra long hours (unpaid of course!) that month.
I knew that the winner was either going to be me or Katy, a competitive girl the same age as me. She was fun and had some great banter, but could also be pretty mean. I had once ripped my pants in the office, and of course she had to tell the whole office when she noticed it, instead of being discreet. Another time she had tricked me into doing a bunch of her work, and then just laughed about it. Even on my birthday, she hadn't spared me -- she had pushed my face into the cake when I had leaned over to blow the candle!
She is not a bad person, but likes to joke around and can be a bit insensitive. But it's also partly my fault for sometimes being so submissive and not standing up for myself. I guess I am a bit of a pushover.
People at the office often tease me or joke at my expense, but I always take it like a good sport. I know it's nothing personal, everyone in the office gets made fun of when they do something stupid or embarrassing.
I was doing some work on my computer when Sophie, another of my coworkers, approached me. She was a good friend of mine, a very nice girl, and had also been my gym partner for the last year. "Hey, Linda, we are gathering in the main area," she made the gesture for me to follow her.
Tom, our boss, who was the oldest in the office at 28, was standing in the middle of the main office area and waiting for people to gather before he started speaking enthusiastically.
"We've had a great month! 75% more business than last June. I guess having our little competition has paid off! Master manager brain right here," he tapped his head with a smile.
"Isn't that the brain that thought Australia was in Europe?" Steve, one of our sales guys yelled out. Yeah, we were pretty informal in the office and weren't afraid to joke even at our boss's expense. Not me of course, I was way too much of a little goody-two-shoes and never wanted to offend anyone.
"Shut up, Steve," Tom blushed a bit, but grinned, seemingly unoffended, "You were the second worst performer! The worst was, of course, Zoe," he looked at Zoe with a disappointed but unsurprised look.
"This was just a plot to extract more free labor from us," Zoe, who was a bit of an anti-capitalist activist, rolled her eyes.
"I don't think anyone could extract any labor from you Zoe!" David yelled out and the whole office laughed. People always made fun of Zoe for being lazy.
Tom continued, unfazed, "Well the best performers by far were Linda and Katy. Together they accounted for 84% of the increase in revenue! But there can only be one winner," he paused for dramatic effect.
I looked to my left at Katy. She looked very confident. She really wanted that extra week of vacation. She also didn't get much vacation since she had also been here only for a year. She had been looking at hotels in Spain for the last few days.
"And the winner is..." Tom was smiling as he paused again, "Linda!"
I jumped up and down in excitement, thrilled that I had won, while the office gave me a small applause. Katy was not looking happy and had a sour look on her face, but also clapped.
"What, you didn't win Katy? All those hours for nothing, huh? I thought hard work paid off," Zoe was now mocking Katy.
I felt really bad for Katy. She had put in a bunch of unpaid hours this month and got nothing for it. I knew it was a competition, but I couldn't help myself, I am a very empathetic person. I mouthed "Sorry!" as I walked past her.
"Congratulations, Linda, you get a week of vacation! Just tell me at least a week in advance before you want to go," Tom shook my hand.
"Thank you so much!" I tried to show my gratitude.
"Remember to bring a few photos for the wall," Tom pointed at the wall of photos from our travels.
"And this time don't use a potato to take photos!" Steve yelled out, evoking more laughter. They kept making fun of me since the last photos I brought were taken with a pretty bad phone camera.
The office went back to work. I got back to my computer, sat down and started to work. I secretly looked at flights and hotel bookings when Tom was not around. Not something I would normally do, but I was just too excited!
Part 2 -- The vacation plan
I have a secret. A secret that I keep from my friends and coworkers, and would die if any of them ever knew. The secret is that I have always fantasized about being exposed naked in public places. However, being the little goody-two-shoes that I am, I never had the guts to actually do it.
In the past I had been able to get my fix by reading stories about girls doing dares, streaking, accidental nudity. But the stories just weren't enough for me anymore. I needed to at least once in my life experience a situation like many of the characters in these stories have enjoyed.
For the previous few months I had kept thinking how I could try out a nude-in-public experience without running the risk of anyone I know ever finding out, or worse, getting arrested. Then I came across the "World Naked Bike Ride" (WNBR) events and figured it would be the perfect place for me to live out one of my fantasies.
After winning the week of vacation, I kept searching and finally found a beautiful picturesque touristy town in England that hosts a WNBR every year. I was so excited. I looked around and found a great deal on a flight and hotel so decided to just book it.
Travelling to another country would guarantee I could participate in this event without worrying about running into anyone I knew. I also shopped around and found a nice purple wig and cat woman mask I could wear as a disguise so even if some pictures from the event ended up online, I knew I would still remain anonymous.
My vacation finally arrived and I was so excited. I had a full week off to enjoy my trip to England. The flight was uneventful and after a long trip I finally arrived at my hotel in the beautiful little town. Once I arrived, I understood why so many people who lived in the surrounding big cities would travel to this beautiful place as a weekend getaway.
I spent the first two days exploring the little town, and then visited two of the bigger nearby cities on the third and fourth day. I got a bunch of photos in the big cities for the travel wall in our office. I didn't want to bring any of the photos from the small town to the office so that someone wouldn't make the connection with the WNBR event here and the reason why I was really here. That would be just too embarrassing!
Part 3 -- World naked bike ride
Finally Friday, the day of the WNBR, arrived. I decided to start the day off by visiting my favorite coffee shop that was just a few blocks from the hotel. Of course it was a Starbucks, but hey, don't judge! Besides if you saw the cute girl named Jennie who worked there I am sure you would become a regular as well. I had been visiting Jennie two, sometimes three times a day, and we were always flirting back and forth (yes, I am bisexual).
When I arrived at the coffee shop, Jennie was her bubbly cheerful self. She started telling me all about the naked bike ride that would be happening today and how she could never do it herself, she would just feel too awkward. Of course she never asked if I was riding. She just told me what time it started, and that if I wanted to have some fun, I should wander over to the park by my hotel and check out the crazy naked people.
I made my way back to the hotel. First I went back to my room and changed into my favorite little flower print sundress and sandals. I figured I did not need anything else for clothes since the dress would not stay on for very long.
I was just about out the door when I realized I had almost forgotten my disguise. Yeah, that was kind of an important thing to remember! I grabbed my purple wig and cat woman mask then headed out the door. I walked outside, grabbed my rented bike from the bike rack and headed to the park.
When I arrived at the park, it was starting to fill up. There were men and women who were already naked and were posing for pictures. I decided to stay dressed for a while and just experience the atmosphere as another spectator.
I kept thinking how weird it was that right now I was on the side of the spectators, just another face in the crowd. However, when I finally took my dress off, I would instantly cross over from spectator to participant.
After walking around the park and taking in the atmosphere for about twenty minutes, I finally decided it was now or never. I put my cat woman mask in place and fixed my wig to make sure it would not come off on the ride. The disguise made me feel more at ease with what I was about to do next. I took a deep breath, then quickly pulled my dress up over my head, and stuffed it into the basket on my bike.
I was naked in public. My perky C-cup breasts and pink nipples, my big round butt, and my dark-blonde bush were all on display. It felt exhilarating, a unique mixture of shame and excitement!
Suddenly, I was the center of attention. Both clothed people and naked people were standing around me taking pictures while person after person walked over to say "Hi" and get a picture with me. It was such a friendly and inviting crowd, and I was relishing the attention, but was happy that the mask was hiding my identity.
I was also approached by a man and a woman who had very fancy camera equipment and were wearing T-Shirts that said "Official Bike Ride Photographers" with website and Twitter links. I was already familiar with the official site for the event, in fact it was the pictures on that site from last year's ride that sold me on attending. Both photographers were very nice and had me pose for some pictures, then thanked me and moved on.
After about ten minutes of hanging out naked in the park, meeting the other riders and spectators, the ride started. We left the park and rode around downtown as well as some beautiful scenic roads. Overall it was nice but... uneventful.
So you are probably thinking, "So that's it? Nothing crazy happened? No unexpected events? Nothing embarrassing? Why am I reading this story! I don't get it!" Well, now that we have the boring part out of the way, let's talk about the second part which was MUCH more eventful!
Part 4 -- My mistake
After the ride we all met up again in the park for some triumphant "We did it!" group pictures with the professional photographers. After the group picture many people started getting dressed.
I spotted this one very attractive girl who was maybe in her mid-20s, but very tall and voluptuous, with gorgeous curves and an ample bosom that seemed to just defy gravity! I was mesmerized by her. Her breasts were basically right at the height of my shoulders, I very well could be her walking bra if she didn't mind walking behind me all day long! She saw me staring at her and smiled, so I took that as my opening to walk over and say "Hi".
She was so sweet, she said, "Hi, my name is Clara and may I say, you look so cute! I love your cute little cat woman mask." Then she looked me up and down, smiled and giggled, "You know, it is a shame you don't shave down there, now people can tell that purple is not your real hair color!"
I let out a big laugh and said, "Hi, my name is Linda! It is so nice to meet you and may I say your bosom is quite spectacular and at just the right height for me to enjoy!"
Clara let out a big laugh which made her breasts jiggle in almost perfect harmony. We joked around and flirted for a few minutes. She just had this very powerful energy and I loved it.
Clara smiled at me, pointed at the photographers, and said, "Well, it looks like these will be the last pictures of the evening so let's make them count!"
I laughed and enthusiastically said, "Let's do it!" as I looked around and realized we were the last two naked people remaining in the park.
Fortunately, the two professional photographers had not packed up yet and were still working hard. They lined up to take some pictures of us while a small group of twenty or so people who were still hanging around in the park watched or took pictures of their own.
Clara pulled me in close, and we both turned to face the group. She held me so tight that her right breast was nearly touching my left cheek. We stood there smiling and laughing as picture after picture was taken. Every time she giggled, her beautiful breasts would jiggle right in my face. The height difference between us seemed perfect!
Suddenly, I got this wicked idea. I honestly don't know why I thought it would be acceptable. It was really out of character for me, it just seemed funny in the moment. It was one of those moments like when you just blurt out some crude sexual joke without thinking, only to suddenly remember your grandmother is present!
I looked to my left at Clara's breast which was right in my face, and, without thinking, I just went for it. I slipped her nipple into my mouth and sucked on her ample breast while still looking towards the camera and posing for picture after picture.
All of a sudden the fun mood changed. I heard a few gasps, saw some shocked expressions, as well as some laughs, and suddenly Clara pushed me away, pulling her breast out of my mouth.
I looked up at her face and realized I was in trouble. She looked down at me with a disapproving look and said, "Linda, seriously, what on earth are you doing you little tart?"
I just gasped and said, "Oh, Clara, I am so sorry, I just did it without thinking! I didn't mean to offend you!"
Clara looked at me and said, "That was so embarrassing! This is a small community and I know many of these people. Sure, to you they are all strangers, but I have friends here right now as well as friends who will see these pictures! That was so so embarrassing!"
I apologized profusely, and finally said something I knew I would regret, "I am so so sorry, I will do anything to make this right with you! Anything, please, I can't stand the idea of you leaving here tonight feeling upset."
Clara's expression turned from shock and anger to more curiosity as she said, "Do you mean that? Do you truly mean you will do anything to make this right, anything at all?"
I just nodded and sheepishly said, "Yes, I will, I absolutely will!"
Part 5 -- Making it right
Clara said, "Ok, I will take you at your word," and then turned to the now quiet crowd and said, "Well, it is ok everyone. It looks like my little friend here knows she made a mistake, but wants to make it right. So everyone get your cameras ready, let's find out now if she really means it!"
Her little announcement made me feel anxious of what to expect.
Clara reached into the basket on her bike and pulled out a dress. She slipped the dress on and maneuvered it over her body until she was covered. I was now the only one naked in the park.
Clara turned to me and once again said, "Look, I am not a prude, in fact far from it. However, you need to understand that this was very embarrassing for me because many of these people are my friends, they know me, while you get to be anonymous. So the first thing I want you to do is to lose your anonymity."
I was shocked. Geeze, she is going to unmask me, I had not planned on that! Up until now, because of my mask, no one had a naked picture of me from the ride or the park that showed my face. And since I was on vacation in this country, it was highly unlikely anyone I knew would ever find out I did this. But if I took off my wig and mask, there would instantly be recognizable nude pictures of me that will end up online. I could only hope that no one I knew would ever find them.
I paused thinking about the full extent of what that meant, but was snapped back to reality when I looked at Clara's stern gaze. I conceded, reached up, and pulled off my purple wig, letting down my long dark-blond hair.
"I guess the drapes match the carpet!" one of the onlookers yelled, eliciting a laugh from the crowd. I just gave him a dirty look.
Clara put out her hand and took the wig from me, then put it in the basket on her bike. I hesitated for a moment, then, finally, I slowly pulled off my cute little cat woman mask. Once again, Clara put out her hand, took the mask, and stuffed it into the basket on her bike.
My face was now fully visible. I was no longer anonymous. I felt my face was getting hot and red. My heart was beating fast, and once again I felt that unique blend of shame and excitement.
Clara ordered me to face the cameras, smile, and had me say, "Hello everyone, my name is Linda, and I humbly apologize to Clara, and accept what I will need to do to make things right with her."
The cameras and phones flashed as I recited Clara's words, capturing me naked with my face fully visible. Then I started to think to myself, hmm, "accept what I will need to do to make this right"? Was this not it? Unmasking me in front of all these people? I started to realize now that I would not be getting off that easy with Clara.
Well, there was no going back, I just allowed a group of people to take full-frontal nude pictures of me where my face was clearly distinguishable. I was really nervous, and thinking about this whole situation, for some reason, made me accidentally let out a nervous giggle.
Clara did not look amused at all and said, "Oh, this is all funny to you Linda? Embarrassing me in public was just a big joke to you? Well you are about to find out how unfunny it is to be embarrassed when you don't have the luxury of remaining anonymous!"
I immediately covered my mouth with my hand, and looked at Clara apologetically. But her look remained stern as she continued, "Why don't you make a few poses for the photographers now that you don't have your mask on? First, stand with your hands on your hips and your legs shoulder width apart. And don't forget to smile and look directly into the cameras!"
Well, they already had naked photos of me with my face visible, what were a few more? I assumed the pose that Clara demanded and flashed a big smile.
Clara had pulled out her phone, and now stood with the rest of the group as they all took pictures. She then continued with her demands, "Now put your hands behind your head!"
I lifted my hands and felt my boobs become even more prominently displayed. More pictures were taken.
"Now turn around Linda, let's see that booty!" Clara proceeded.
I turned around, displaying my big round ass to the crowd.
"Look over your shoulder and smile, Linda!" Clara kept giving me commands.
Of course she also wanted my face to be in the photos of my ass. I looked over my shoulder and smiled at the flashing cameras. The crowd sure seemed to be enjoying my big booty, and it felt embarrassing but exhilarating at the same time.
"Okay, good job Linda! Turn back around and face us. Since you seem to be such a big fan of MY boobs and think it's appropriate to play with them in public, why don't you play with yours! Let's see if you still think that is funny now that you are not anonymous. Lift them up, jiggle them, squeeze them together!" Clara had a big smile on her face.
I was now really blushing, but still wanted to make things right with Clara, so I did what she had requested. I grabbed my C-cup breasts from below, lifted them up, and then bounced them up and down. The crowd was laughing and enthusiastically cheering for my little performance. I then squeezed my boobs together, pushing them forward in a squished shape, and my nipples were almost touching each other.
"Now play with your nipples!" Clara commanded.
Oh my god, this is so embarrassing! I nevertheless proceeded. I grabbed each of my nipples with a thumb and index finger and gently squeezed, then rubbed and pulled on them. I was actually getting turned on despite (or maybe because of!) the shame I was feeling! My nipples were now so erect they could poke someone's eye out! The cameras kept flashing and the crowd kept cheering. As I looked around, it seemed that the crowd was getting bigger.
"Okay, now let's see if you still think sucking on breasts is funny! Lift up one of your tits and suck on it!" Clara demanded with a big grin.
I guess this was only fair. I embarrassed Clara by sucking on her breast, and now I must embarrass myself by doing the same with mine. I grabbed my right boob with both of my hands and lifted it up towards my face. I then lowered my head towards the nipple that was pointing up and put it in my mouth.
"Look at the cameras, Linda!" Clara called out, happy that I was complying with her commands.
I looked up while still keeping my nipple in my mouth and sucking on it as the cameras flashed. It was so awkward!
"Great job, Linda! You can stop now," Clara seemed satisfied.
I pulled my nipple out of my mouth and let my boob drop down. The crowd gave me a big applause. I looked at Clara with a big smile, hoping that she was now no longer upset.
"So, Linda, do you still think sucking on breasts is funny?" Clara asked.
"Yes," I nodded without thinking. Wrong answer. Clara's frowned expression told me she was not at all happy. Why am I so stupid?
"Oh, I see. You still haven't learned your lesson. That's fine, let's see how funny you think this is," Clara again approached me.
Part 6 -- The punishment
Clara and I were now both standing beside her bike which was behind us. I was standing by the seat and Clara was standing by the handlebars.
"Turn around and face the bike," Clara ordered in a stern voice.
I sheepishly obeyed, turning my back to the crowd again.
Clara then put her hands on my back and had me bend over the seat of her bike, so that my tip toes were just barely touching the ground on one side of the bike, my butt was sticking up in the air, and my fingertips were just barely touching the ground on the other side of the bike.
The only view I had with my head down was back between my legs at the crowd watching behind me. Wow, this was more than a bit of a revealing position, I was totally exposed! I could only imagine the view the photographers had and what the pictures they were taking must look like.
I suddenly felt Clara put a hand on each of my butt cheeks and give them a big squeeze. "You are a naughty girl, you know that, right?" she asked playfully.
Before I could answer, I felt a slap on my butt. Clara continued, giving me these soft, playful slaps on the butt. I heard a number of laughs, and could even see the smiles on everyone's faces as I looked back at the crowd through my legs while I was receiving my public spanking. Her spanks didn't really hurt, but I nevertheless felt my bum getting hot and red.
Clara then did to me what I never would have expected, she started inviting people over to take pictures with me in that revealing position! One person after another came over, stood on one side of my red butt while Clara stood on the other, and posed for pictures.
It seemed like every person there was making sure to get a picture with my butt. One elderly lady stood beside me and gave me repeated slaps on my bum saying, "Naughty naughty girl, you have been so naughty," while Clara laughed so hard she struggled to catch her breath while I just rolled my eyes.
One guy, who had a big grin on his face, knelt down only a few feet behind me, and took what I could only imagine was a perfect picture from my feet to my butt, with my face clearly visible between my legs. He said "Smile!", then after taking the picture, checked it on his phone, and said, "Wow, that's a keeper! I may have it framed!"
Despite being terribly embarrassed, I could not help, but let out a little laugh at his comment. Clara was also laughing, but then gave me a slap on the butt and said, "Shush now, and take your punishment."
Clara started asking if anyone else wanted a picture before she let poor little Linda go, and I heard a young female voice speak up, then run over giggling.
She stood at my side, put both her hands on my butt, and posed for pictures. Then she pulled my butt cheeks apart! Oh god, what must the cameras be seeing now! Everyone can see my bum hole!
Then the girl let go of my cheeks, and playfully started slapping and squeezing my butt, laughing the entire time. She then bent at the waist, and looked me straight in the face through my legs and said, "Hey Linda! It's me Jennie from the coffee shop!"
All I could think now was that Clara had really saved the most embarrassing moment for last. Jennie was the cute girl from the Starbucks a block away from my hotel. I visited that place twice a day for the last week and had gotten to know Jennie well. We flirted a lot, and she was a very bubbly, cute and fun girl.
Jennie then smiled and said, "Hey, will you be coming in tomorrow for a coffee?"
I said, "Uh, yeah, I will be there," and Jennie said, "Great, see you then," as if this was just a normal encounter, like we had just passed each other on the street.
Jennie started to stand back up, then suddenly blurted out so that everyone could hear, "Wow, Linda you are really moist down there! Or should I say up there, hahaha," she laughed. Yeah, thanks for pointing that out Jennie!, I thought.
Clara asked for a final time, "Does anyone else want a picture with Linda?"
It seemed that everyone had gotten their photo, and I thought I was done, but then Jennie spoke up again.
Part 7 -- The final humiliation
"Well, yesterday Linda was telling me how flexible she was. She said she could even get her feet behind her head. I would like to see if that is true and get a picture with her in that pose!" Jennie giggled mischievously.
I was horrified! What on earth is this girl thinking! It is true that I told her that, I was trying to impress her a bit, but this was not the moment to bring that up! Unfortunately, Clara seemed to like the idea.
Clara grabbed me from behind in a bear hug, lifted me up from the bike (she was really strong!), turned me towards the crowd, and plopped me on the grass in front of the bike.
"Well, Linda, your friend here has made a request," Clara was looking at me impatiently.
"I can't do that!" I squealed.
"You can't? Oh, so you lied yesterday?" Jennie looked at me with a fake pouty expression.
"So you also lie, you naughty girl," Clara joined Jennie with a grin, as these two pretty girls ganged up on me.
"No! I can do it, but..." I squealed, but before I could finish my words, Clara interrupted me, "Okay, great, she can do it," as she was gently but firmly pushing me to the ground by my shoulders.
I was now sitting on the grass, with Clara and Jennie towering over me. Oh god, was I really going to do this? I had been embarrassed enough by this point, hadn't I?
"Don't worry Linda, we'll help you," Jennie volunteered with a big grin, grabbed one of my legs, and started lifting it. Before I could react, Clara grabbed the other, and was also lifting it. Jennie moved to stand behind me, giving my back some support with her legs, as they continued pulling my legs up and back.
I didn't resist. I resigned myself to this final humiliation. I was very embarrassed, but also kind of turned on by these two pretty girls manhandling me like this. Unfortunately, I really was very flexible, and without much struggle, the girls managed to get my feet behind my head. There, Jennie pushed the soles of my feet together while holding my ankles very tightly. I was locked in the pose.
I must have looked ridiculous. My body was contorted and I was completely exposed. My pussy was gaping wide and my anus was clearly visible. I closed my eyes. I just wished I still had my mask on.
"Open your eyes, Linda! Look at the cameras and smile!" Clara demanded.
I opened my eyes and looked at the crowd. Some people were gasping in shock at my exposure, some were laughing at the ridiculous contorted pose I was locked in, and some seemed to be turned on by the sight before them.
I did what Clara wanted. I looked straight into a camera and flashed my biggest smile. The cameras must have been clicking faster than I had ever seen.
"So, since your hands are free, be a darling and pull your pussy wide open," Clara commanded.
"No!" I shrieked. I felt my stomach turn. I tried to pull my legs back down, but Jennie's grip on my ankles strengthened. I felt her nails digging into my skin, and my legs didn't move an inch.
"Do it!" Clara insisted.
Oh god, they really wanted me to do it! My heart was pounding like crazy. This was truly humiliating, but I had already gone so far, I was locked in this contorted pose from which I could not escape, and at this point I was really not thinking straight anymore... I caved in.
With shaking hands I reached towards my groin, and gently but firmly put my fingers on my labia. I closed my eyes, and pulled my hands apart. I felt my pussy opening up, gaping wide at the crowd.
"Further." Clara demanded. "And open your eyes."
I pulled my pussy lips harder until it hurt a little, and forced myself to open my eyes and look at the crowd gawking at my displayed genitals. I cringed. They were all leaning in and having a really good look. Phones and cameras were aimed at exactly where you think they were, and the shutter sounds of pictures being taken let me know that I was being immortalized in this ridiculous pose -- contorted with my feet behind my head, my nipples as hard as diamonds, my anus on clear display, my pussy being stretched as wide as possible, and my erect clit fully distinguishable and poking out.
Eventually, Clara gave Jennie the sign to let go. Finally! Jennie released the grip on my ankles and stepped away, making me lose the support on my back. I quickly let go of my pussy lips, and tried to get my legs back down. I struggled to unhook my feet from behind my head, making me helplessly rock back and forth on my back, evoking laughter from the crowd.
"Oh, jeesh, what would you do without us," Jennie giggled, and stepped closer again. She helped me to unhook my feet and then pulled me by my hands to help me stand up.
I could not believe what I had just done! I felt my heart beating like I had just run a marathon. The mixture of excitement and shame was definitely leaning towards shame right now.
Clara addressed the crowd, "Ok, everyone, I think my new friend Linda has proved she was truly sorry, and we are even now."
Despite my humiliation I was happy that I made things right. Clara must have been really embarrassed by what I did earlier, and I was happy to see that she had forgiven me.
"Ok, everyone, let's have a final round of applause for Linda," Clara wrapped up the show.
Everyone clapped and cheered for one last time. People started to leave the park and head their separate ways.
"See you tomorrow at the coffee shop, Linda!" Jennie waved at me and winked as she headed off.
Clara approached me. She pulled me close in a tight hug, and said, "Wow, you really were so concerned about my feelings you were willing to endure so much embarrassment, you really are a sweet thing."
I looked Clara in the eyes and said, "I am truly sorry for causing you so much embarrassment!"
Clara smiled at me, leaned down, and then whispered in my ear something I will never forget, "Oh honey, I was not embarrassed when you sucked my nipple, not in the slightest, I just wanted to mess with you, which has been SOOOO much fun!!!"
I was completely shocked. Clara let me go, climbed on her bike, and rode away, letting out a final wicked laugh.
I just stood there alone, naked in the park for a minute, coming to the realization I had just been had!
Part 8 -- Epilogue Part 1 -- Back in the office
I returned to the office the following Monday. I was feeling refreshed by my vacation and ready to get back to work.
Everyone at the office was happy to see me. Sophie approached me first and we had a little chat about my vacation, and then I talked to a few other people. I mostly talked about the two big cities that I had also visited. The WNBR event was going to stay my little secret! I also brought a few pictures from the two cities and put them on our travel photos wall.
I did some work on my computer, then went to get myself a coffee from the office kitchen. As I was walking past Katy's desk, she gestured to me to come closer. She had a big grin on her face.
I walked up to the front of her desk, and she looked at me and asked, "So how was your little vacation?"
I just smiled and said, "It was really nice."
Katy gave me a sly grin and asked, "So that's all you have to tell me, just that it was "nice"?"
I stammered, a bit worried, "Uh, yeah, why, did you hear something?"
Katy kept prodding me, "Oh, so there "was" something?"
I just stayed silent and Katy continued, "So, maybe you can explain this picture I found on Twitter... on the World Naked Bike Ride's official Twitter feed?"
My heart dropped.
Katy motioned for me to come behind her desk. I felt myself starting to sweat. Katy turned the monitor of her computer towards me. Wow, my knees went weak, I just let out a little gasp!
To explain what we were looking at, the picture was a profile of me when I was bent over the bike. The photographer had been kneeling on the ground, looking straight down the bike from the back tire. It showed my side, my legs stretching from the ground on one side of the bike, up to my butt in the air on the bike seat, to my outstretched hands down to the ground on the other side.
At the time I was there I was so focused on my predicament that I did not even realize this picture had been taken. The picture was taken in glorious HD by one of the official photographers.
Behind me you could clearly see Clara with a huge smile on her face. The picture was taken at the exact moment her hand connected with my ass. On the other side of the picture you could very clearly see my red face as my head was turned towards the camera, my mouth was wide open and the shocked look in my eyes said it all.
The picture was perfectly placed. Since it was my profile, none of my private bits were showing, my arms hid my nipples, and all you saw of my ass was the side. So, technically, the picture showed no nudity and was allowed to be shared on social media, even though it did show I was obviously completely naked.
Katy stared at the picture with me for a while and then read out the caption, "Clara claims this year's nude bike ride victim, a sweet little tourist named Linda!"
With a satisfied grin Katy gloated, "So, your little vacation was just "nice"?"
I was left speechless, I just did not know how to respond.
"Oh, Olivia, come over here!" Katy called out.
I gasped again. Katy is going to expose me to the whole office! This is just like that time when I ripped my pants and she made sure the whole office knew. Only this time it is infinitely more embarrassing!
Olivia came over, and her eyes went big as she saw what was on the monitor. "Linda, is that you?!" she looked at me in shock, "Oh my god, Steve, come over here!" she shrieked.
Steve approached us and spit out his coffee when he looked at the screen. "Am I seeing what I think I am seeing?" he didn't believe his eyes.
I wanted the ground to swallow me.
Tom, Macy and John were just walking down the hallway and saw the four of us gathered around Katy's desk. "What are you guys doing?" Tom asked as the three of them approached us. Oh my god, seriously, everyone is going to see this!
Macy left out a little shriek, John almost fell over, and Tom just stood there with an open mouth. "What-what is this?" Tom stammered.
I was still speechless, but internally I was screaming.
"It's Linda's vacation!" Katy snickered, "She sure is a secret daredevil!"
"More like a secret exhibitionist!" Olivia called out and the group laughed.
"And she didn't say a thing about this! She just went on and on about that boring museum!" John was almost judging me for not sharing this to them incredibly funny but to me incredibly embarrassing adventure.
"What on earth is going on in this picture?" Steve was staring only a few inches from the screen.
"It's the World Naked Bike Ride, and for some reason Linda is getting spanked," Katy explained, the grin never having left her face.
"So what happened Linda?" Tom demanded an answer.
All eyes were now on me. I felt my face was going as red as a tomato. I knew they were not going to let me go without a satisfactory explanation.
And so I told them I had booked my vacation in England to join the World Naked Bike Ride without anyone I know recognizing me. I told them I had wanted to try out something exciting (and left out that I had had public nudity fantasies for a while and all those stories I had read!). I told them I had offended a girl there and that she had spanked me as a punishment (and left out that I sucked on her tit and the rest of my punishment!).
The group was laughing like crazy when I finished my story. Thankfully, they didn't dig much more into what exactly had happened.
Suddenly, I saw Katy doing something with the printer behind me. She was changing the paper, then clicked a few buttons. Out came a picture on a large glossy photographic paper. It was of course the picture of me bent over the bike with my ass in the air and with a shocked expression on my face.
"To the travels wall!" Katy exclaimed with the photo held up high in the air.
The rest of the group and I followed her. She smacked the large photo right in the middle of the travels wall and attached it with some tape. "There! Much less boring than the photos you brought, Linda!" she laughed.
I hated her. She was purposefully trying to embarrass me as much as possible. She had always been a bit mean, but me winning the vacation that she had wanted must have really pissed her off. The rest of the group just thought that this was hilarious.
"Nice! There will always be a full moon in the office!" Steve joked, and I gave him a dirty look while the rest of the group laughed.
"Tom, is this really appropriate?" I asked, trying to get the boss on my side, while my face still looked like a tomato.
"I don't see what would be the problem, none of the important bits are visible!" he answered, not understanding or not caring how embarrassing this was for me!
So the photo stayed.
We went back to work. Every now and then I would get a teasing comment or an inappropriate joke from someone when they walked past my desk. I went red every time!
At the end of the day I just wanted to rip that photo off the wall and cut into a bunch of tiny pieces, but they would just print a new one, and give me a talking to for being a bad sport.
Part 9 -- Epilogue part 2 -- Everything exposed
My little adventure really backfired, didn't it? I felt really stupid and terribly embarrassed, but at least the worst was over, right? Unfortunately not.
The next morning I woke up and was getting ready for work. I checked my emails on my phone while I prepared my breakfast. My heart dropped when I saw the subject of one of the emails. It was from Katy and the subject read "How Linda spent her vacation".
It was sent late last night. I opened it. It was sent to everybody in the office. It read "So, after Linda described her little adventure earlier today, I was curious and did some more research online. She left out quite a bit of detail from her story! Luckily, there are pictures of the whole ordeal. You won't believe what you will see! She is a total exhibitionist! I collected the best pictures and you can see them here:". Below was a link to an online photo album. I clicked on it.
My knees went weak.
It was horrible. First, there were a few photos of me with my cat woman mask and purple wig on, riding the bike and posing for photos. Then a photo of me sucking on Clara's boob. Then me taking off my mask. A close up of my face. Yep, it was me. You could even see my pores, the photo was that good!
Then multiple full-frontal shots without the mask with my face fully visible! Full nudity, close ups of my face, my boobs, my bush! Then a photo of me showing my big butt and looking over my shoulder. A close up of my ass. You could even see a few pimples that I had on my ass! All of the photos were crystal clear, people must have had some really good cameras!
I kept scrolling. Me bouncing my boobs up and down. Me pulling on my nipples. Me squeezing my tits together. Me sucking on my own boob.
This is so humiliating!
Me bent over the bike from behind. A photo from up close from my feet to my butt with my face looking through my legs, my pussy from behind clearly visible. My red ass after the spanking. Jennie pulling my butt cheeks apart, my anus on display. A close up so that you could count every wrinkle of my puckered asshole.
I thought I was going to faint.
Me sitting contorted on the grass, my feet behind my head. Me pulling my pussy lips as far as they go with a big smile on my face and looking directly at the camera. A close up shot of my stretched out gaping pussy, a truly gynecological view.
I dropped my phone. I didn't pick it up, I just stared into the distance. Was my little adventure really worth it? A moment of excitement for permanent shame. I knew I was going to be the laughing stock at the office.
I put on my big girl pants and went to work.
I entered the office building. As I was going up the stairs, I walked past John. He only said "Hello, Linda!" with a knowing smile.
I went past the office kitchen and overheard a conversation. It was Olivia and Macy. "Oh my god, and did you see that bush? What does she think, that it is still the 80s?" Olivia joked and both girls laughed. Great, now they are mocking my grooming habits, I thought to myself.
"Seriously, it's like the Amazon forest!" Macy didn't hold back, and they laughed again. That wasn't even true! I trimmed every now and then and it wasn't that big!
"For her birthday we should get her a gift card for a waxing salon!" Olivia laughed mischievously. Awesome, they'll even remind me of this on my birthday!
I continued walking towards my desk. I sat down and turned on my computer. I heard Steve and Zoe walking down the hallway, talking loudly and laughing out loud.
"I know! And did you see those nipples? You could cut diamonds with those things! She must have been so turned on!" Zoe was giggling. Oh god, why are they talking about this!
"She definitely was! You could see that she was wet down there!" Steve agreed.
"Yep! She is a total exhibitionist!" Zoe continued. I cringed.
They walked past me and realized that I overheard their conversation. They looked at each other. "Whoopsy," they laughed surprised as they quickly continued walking past me.
Me and my embarrassing vacation really were the main topic of conversation in the office today. I could only hope that people will soon forget about it.
I got on with my work. I filled out a few reports, and then went to get myself a coffee. I walked past Sophie. She smiled, "I see you are wearing clothes today Linda!" Even Sophie, who was the nicest person at the office, was making fun of me!
I was walking down the hall when I saw John, Richard and David having a heated discussion.
"Yes, I counted it! There are 14 wrinkles on her asshole!" Richard asserted confidently. What the fuck! What is wrong with them! My face was going red. Why are they talking about this!?
"Are you sure? I counted 13," David disagreed.
"Come on guys!" John just laughed, "Are we really debating this?" At least someone thought this was weird!
"Yes, we must get to the bottom of this!" Richard didn't back down. He opened the gallery on his computer, clicked on one of the photos, and zoomed in on the shot of my spread open butt cheeks. "One... two... three..." he started counting.
I couldn't listen to this. Hopefully, they'll get it out of their system soon. I kept walking.
I got into the kitchen and made myself a coffee. I took the cup and went back to my desk through the main area. I walked past the travel wall. I looked at it, searching for that embarrassing Twitter photo that had revealed my misadventure. What I saw made my stomach turn.
There were four more large photos on the wall, surrounding yesterday's picture.
A full-frontal of me with my hands on my hips, legs shoulder width apart. My nipples and pussy were covered with three yellow smiley faces over them.
A close-up photo of my face and my boob as I was sucking on it while looking at the camera. My nipple was in my mouth, so no censorship necessary.
A photo of me bent over the bike from behind, looking between my legs. My butt cheeks spread wide by Jennie. Smiley faces over my anus, over my pussy, and over each nipple.
A photo of me contorted with my feet behind my head, stretching my pussy lips wide, smiling directly into the camera. Smiley faces over my anus, my nipples, my pussy (but not the stretched out lips!).
My knees went weak. I almost dropped my coffee.
I stepped closer. I examined the smiley faces that were used for censorship. I could just hear Tom saying, "Oh, as long as all the important bits are covered, it's no big deal!"
The smiley faces were cutouts of post-it notes attached to the photos. You could easily remove them whenever you wanted. And I knew people would constantly remove some whenever they wanted to tease me.
I realized that I will forever be reminded of my embarrassing vacation.
The End
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you enjoyed the story, leave a comment! What were your favorite parts or what did you like about it?