Chapter 2 of our Nude Summer ended in our apartment Jeanie and I occupied for the summer in Boulder, Colorado. We had quickly become exhibitionists after a daring romp through the building on laundry day. We put "all" our clothes through the washers that day, staying nude in the basement laundry room for the duration and didn't get dressed again until the next morning. Our new, exciting hobby soon gained additional members, as three young ladies happily joined our exhibitionist adventures.
*****************
Since becoming official exhibitionists, Jeanie, Barbara and I just couldn't wait to expand our adventures and introduce others to our newfound adrenaline rush. Ever since that first night, naked in the laundry room and streaking through the halls of the apartment building, we took every opportunity to be naked. Barbara, Erica, Jeanie and I totally abandoned wearing any clothes in our apartments and the other tenants got used to our naked trips to the laundry room. Erica's boyfriend even joined us naked for a few movie nights that summer.
Our apartment door, along with our next door neighbor Barbara's, was always open when we were home. So, anybody walking by would get an eyeful of us doing our normal things fully naked. We all realized that our new hobby was well overdue for each of us and discovered many new "excuses" to get nude. Once we became totally comfortable with being nude in a relatively public place, we totally got an adrenaline rush at the prospect of getting caught nude by an unsuspecting person. We were proud of overcoming society's shame and began a campaign to introduce other adventurous people into a new way of life.
When student friends would stop by, we delighted in shocking them with our casual nudity. They didn't know how to act at first, but they'd relax slightly after seeing how confident we were being nude and weren't going to dress on their account. They either accepted it or left. Each time, we encouraged our guests to get naked with us, but only a couple jock guys eventually did.
By this time, the other residents of the building just seemed to put up with all the casual nudity on display, and either just shook their head mumbling a "whatever" or cracking some corny joke. At first there were some complaints to the management, but the other tenants, mostly students and professors, found our casual nudity novel and secretly enjoyed unrestrained body parts bouncing around the hallways. Some were even quite envious of our confidence and having overcome all remnants of modesty. It didn't seem to encourage anybody though, for only Barbara, Erica, Jeanie and myself walked naked in the open halls. Erica's boyfriend would sometimes strip when visiting our place, but always arrived wearing clothes and asked that we close the front door before getting naked with us.
When returning from the "outside world", Erica always stripped just inside the main building entrance before prancing down the hall and up the stairs to her apartment. It became normal for her, knowing the other tenants wouldn't complain, but also providing the opportunity for somebody to see her fully nude. She discovered a new thrill that she was soon becoming addicted to. She would find any excuse to walk the halls nude, or visit one of us, or invite her outside friends to visit her. She always swished her hips and made her boobs jiggle when somebody was watching. Of course her apartment window shades were always open, hoping some passerby would see her nude.
On a few occasions, I turned the corner into the laundry room to find her in a very revealing position, of course performing some menial task and always faking embarrassment. She totally planned the encounter, making sure she would be "accidently caught" with her legs wide open to the laundry room entrance when she heard somebody coming. The flashing was becoming quite an obsession and she told us of many "accidental" flashes when out and about the little college town. We created a monster who just pushed that envelope as far as it would go.
As for Barbara's hot friend Sabine, she usually arrived at our door in the nude, much to my delight. She lived in a sorority house on the other side of campus. And since being such an uninhibited European, was often naked herself around the house and her sorority sisters. When out and about town, she delighted in stripping off her skirt or shorts when driving. She gets a little thrill knowing people see her in her car, totally unaware she's bottomless. Then when she pulls into our apartment parking lot, her top quickly ends up in the back seat. All the guys in our apartment keep a constant watch out their windows for Sabine's nude parade across the parking lot and grand entrance through the back entry door.
As much as we tried to encourage each guest or small group, stripping completely in a mixed-group setting was agonizingly frightening for just about everyone. So, between Jeannie, Barbara, Sabine, and myself, we devised a plan for a wilderness outing sure to get all the participants nude in a fun and safe manner.
Since Boulder was tucked up against the Rocky Mountains, there were plenty of trails through the forest ending on a mountain top or lake. We found the perfect trail, which after about five miles through very thick woods ended at a mountain top meadow, overlooking a beautiful panorama of Boulder. We planned our adventure for a weekday so we could almost be assured to have the trail to ourselves.
We decided to invite a modest group of about ten to 15 students and friends. This gives the group enough mass so each can feel comfortable that the whole world won't see them nude, while still encouraging the attitude of "well, if everybody else is doing it..."
We carefully selected our cast of characters. We needed a mix of bold and shy people, who would provide plenty of eclectic reactions to their first time casually nude with a strange group of people hiking up a mountain in relative public. Sabine was our primary recruiter, as she knew practically half the students in the university, and combined with the desire of every male to see her nude, didn't have any problem finding interested participants.
The exhibitionist adventure day arrived a couple weeks later. Barbara, Jeanie and I were excited beyond belief waiting those weeks, especially with who we finally talked into coming. My dick and the girl's nipples got hard every time we imagined or talked about the upcoming nude adventure. I started a game between us three trying to guess what each of our guests would look like without clothes. Especially, when we imagined how each would've trimmed their pubic hair, or not, according to their personality. We purposely invited the more beautiful and interesting people for our exhibitionist adventure.
The girls would delight in watching my dick rise whenever they mentioned one of the hot girls who agreed to go on the hike. Of course I didn't have much control over it when my imagination played through the possible scenarios of these hotties stripping their clothes in public for the first time. Barbara, Erica and Jeanie all teased me to no end, with their new power to embarrass me at will.
Doing normal everyday things in the nude somewhat suppresses the eroticism of being naked around other people. Jiggling boobs and swinging dicks just become another body part when they're on display the entire day. The first week or so after becoming the apartment building nudies, my dick was always somewhat inflated, and there were a few times in the public areas I had to hide a growing erection from becoming embarrassing. One instance happened when I was in the front lobby talking with the manager and found myself quickly losing control of a growing super erection.
It was a day I woke up to an overwhelming desire to push the exhibitionist envelope sometime that day. I needed to talk with the manager at the front desk over some rent issues, and I would normally get dressed before venturing into the front lobby for two reasons. First, even though the management was very reluctant, they eventually succumbed to the pressure and tolerated the sights of a few bold people walking naked through the halls. So, us nudies tried our best to avoid the management, fearing they'd pull our newly won freedom.
And secondly, the front lobby opened up to the street through a big window. The view into the lobby from the street was somewhat obscured by heavy bushes and a dozen or so cars in the front parking lot. But even though it was a quiet, residential area, somebody walking or driving by would be able to see into the lobby with a little effort. But this particular morning, my exhibitionist drive overruled my restrain.
I boldly walked naked into the lobby, and before the assistant manager looked up at who just walked in, I scurried up to the belly-high counter, shielding my lower body from her view. In somewhat resigned disgust, she asked, and I responded that I was indeed fully naked in her lobby and wasn't leaving until I had finished my business.
During the ten or so minutes of negotiating my way out of a late rent fee, I could feel my dick grow uncontrollably into a throbbing super erection. Wow, imagining this middle-aged, but still hot lady bottomless behind her desk was really turning me on.
While I was talking with the manager lady, and secretly enjoying flicking my hard dick up against the underside of the counter, the head manager emerged from the back office door with two teen girls in tow. His closing remarks to them about their application for a job immediately stopped upon all three of them suddenly noticing me at the front counter. Enough of my waist was above the counter, so it was very apparent I was fully naked.
The manager turned to the two girls, both with mouth agape, and sheepishly explained that a few bold college students feel the need to walk around naked. He added that they both had the night receptionist job if they wanted, but only if they felt ok with the quickly spreading nudity throughout the building and promised to keep the new trend quiet. Both girls excitedly nodded to accept the job. And while transfixed on my muscular body, the girls swore to keep the added perks quiet.
My efforts to quench my erection just weren't working, and I really needed to get back to my apartment, hoping not to embarrass myself or someone getting an eyeful of my erect dick leading the way down the hall. I figured that if I twisted a certain way and hugged the lobby wall, I could exit the scene without the office staff seeing how hard I'd become.
Just then, two of the older lady tenants walked in from outside. I'd seen the silver-haired girlfriend club before, always quick with a leer or flirting comment towards the young college guys. They hadn't seen me nude before though, and sent a complementary-crude remark my way as they giggled their way through the lobby with locked gaze at my bare ass.
I guess from their view on the way in, the old ladies caught a good glimpse of my erection under the counter. Because after successfully negotiating my exit from the lobby without giving away my engorged state, the ladies were waiting for me in the hall, and delightfully escorted my proud erection all the way to my apartment.
Within a few days of the high school girls beginning work at the front desk in the after hours, we talked them into spending their entire work shifts fully nude. Much to the delight of the growing crowd of nudists, who then after usually stripped fully in the front lobby before heading into the building to their apartments.
One weekday afternoon, Erica was home early from work, and was frustrated because she hadn't been able to flash anybody all day. She needed that rush, so picked a neighbor who she didn't think had seen her nude already and was a relatively interesting person. She decided to ask a guy who lived on the fourth floor above her for something trivial, to of course satisfy her exhibitionist need for the day and possibly create a new nudist friend.
Shocked at seeing a naked girl at his door holding an empty measuring cup. The geeky college teen was dumfounded and totally speechless to answer Erica's question for a cup of milk. Her exhibitionist desire progressing according to plan so far, Erica pushed her way past the guy and just kept on asking for a cup of milk, totally comfortable with her nudity. The guy finally looked up from leering at her cleanly-shaved pussy, and snapping back to reality, stumbled in response saying he only had a little milk left, reluctant to give it up.
Erica pleaded to take the last of his milk, shaking her boobs while asking, and said that if she needed more, would need to walk down to the corner store in her current state of dress. Overwhelming thoughts of this hot girl walking naked down the street was just too much for this sheltered college freshman to process. Erica relished, and expected this reaction, so just twirled and preceded to the kitchen for her now well-earned milk, acting as if being naked was the most normal everyday thing.
Returning to her still frozen freshman guy in the doorway, she just thanked him and strolled out. Once she was just outside his door, she turned back to give him a full frontal view and asked him to keep this incident quiet, making up some lame story about her clothes in the washer or something and just couldn't wait because of something she was cooking and desperately needing the milk. And to send him over the edge while explaining her predicament, squeezed one of her boobs in a gesture that her own supply was out.
The desired reaction to Erica's bold tease was almost instantaneous; his thin shorts were tented with vigor, totally oblivious to the owner. Erica slowly glanced down, and with a lustful teasing voice, complemented him on his impressive manhood, hoping secretly to see it proudly displayed in public sometime soon.
Before sauntering down the hall, she whispered and motioned to him to keep her naked romp a secret. And if he did, she just may come back another time for more milk. The once again overwhelmed guy nodded in excited agreement just as he felt an orgasmic rush to his groin. Erica pointed to the growing wet spot on the front of his shorts and teased that the next time she needs more milk she would really like to see him answer the door with his dick on full display. He embarrassingly agreed and hoped Erica would come back very soon.
Erica planted the seed she hoped. While excitedly gyrating her boobs on her way down the stairs hoping to be seen by another victim, she vowed to return to the geeky guys apartment early the next morning to play more teasing exhibitionist games, with him hopefully going along with her request and answering the door sporting a morning erection.
Her excitement provided her boyfriend with very wild sex that night. He was pleasantly surprised at Erica's recent change of sexual desire since she began walking around her apartment in the nude. She suddenly changed from a sexually conservative girl into a new sexual monster, ever since she met us and had that one-time streak down the hall from the laundry room. Little did he know of all her exhibitionist adventures around town and throughout the apartment building. The naked dinners in our apartment were only the tip of the iceberg. Erica though, was erotically excited about the day when he would eventually catch her in one of her exhibitionist adventures.
The next morning, Erica awoke early, too excited to sleep thinking about the guy on the fourth floor and her plan to get him to join our nude-in-the-building group. All kinds of situations ran through her head that night, while she spent the entire night groping her boyfriend's dick and balls. He wasn't awake early enough for a quick bonk to relieve her sexual tension, so at a time when any college student wouldn't be caught awake yet, Erica primped her nude body and set out down the hall to surprise her new project. The guy didn't have a clue what he was in for that day, considering all the things Erica had planned for him.
After knocking twice, Erica saw the peephole turn dark, indicating she was being watched. And with boobs presented proudly, she struck a playful pose for her audience, who she hoped would be naked and fully erect when he opened the door. She was surprised that the door didn't open right away. Who would keep a naked girl waiting this long she wondered. But then the peephole became dark again, so she posed again, grasping her boobs to create a cleavage shot that always worked well on unsuspecting victims.
The door then slowly opened with the startled, although still very sleepy, guy's head peeking out from behind. He peered down each end of the hall, to no doubt see if anybody else besides the naked Erica was nearby. She gestured that it was only her this time, so he gingerly opened the door, resulting in a big smile from Erica that he had complied with her request. He stood naked and fully embarrassed, with his hands barely able to cover a full morning erection. Erica barged her way into the apartment, attempting to pull at least one hand from his crotch as she passed. She really desperately needed to see a full on erection from a new guy before too long, as she just couldn't take it anymore.
She twirled in the center of the room for full effect and before the fully embarrassed guy could get the front door closed, she forcibly told him to keep it open. She was in charge now, knowing this shy, geeky guy had probably never been in a situation like this with a naked girl knocking on his door. But Erica reckoned he seemed cute enough to have probably been naked with a girl at least once in his life. So, she used her boldness to be a little bossy, getting him to do whatever she had planned.
The move worked, for he left the door open, but while still holding his hands over his erection, waddled out of direct sight of the open doorway. Now that he appeared somewhat more comfortable, Erica practically pleaded for him to show her the goods, even promising to do fun things with it. Even though she just really desired to see it wave in public, a little encouraging never hurt.
The guy was still reluctant to expose himself to his neighbor, even though she had already shown him her goods, something was holding him back. She soon found out what, when the guy's roommate entered from a second bedroom. Wow, Erica was now a little taken aback because of a change in her plans, but was now even more excited at the prospect of bringing two new guys into the nude group.
She seductively walked over to the roommate and held out her hand for an introduction. He confidently introduced himself as Doug and admitted he was the first to spy her naked form through the peephole. He then woke his roommate to ask if he know why a naked girl was knocking on their door so early in the morning. Doug then got the full explanation, while a little taken aback noticing his roommate get out of bed without wearing his usual shorts and sporting a morning woody. Even though they had been roommates all semester, he had never seen his roommate naked, much less with a woody walking out to answer the door.
Doug was a lot more comfortable talking with a naked lady, although it may be because he was still dressed himself. Doug introduced his shy roommate as Bob, and congratulated Erica on her persuasive powers to get Bob to answer the door naked. Obviously this entire time, Doug was peeking out from his room, admitting to Erica he was intently interested in the situation, especially Doug's reaction. He thought it would be a good discussion to bring up in his psychology class, which totally piqued Erica's interest. She was quickly imagining the possibilities of a college psychology class full of curious students willing to give exhibitionist nudism a try. She excitedly revealed her thoughts to Doug, who shrugged that he may possibly mention the notion when the time seemed right.
She then worked her persuasive efforts on Doug, to join the other two nudies in the room. She was excited about getting a double dose of new hard dicks this morning, only expecting one when she knocked on their door this morning. Before Doug could respond to her request, she teasingly glanced down at his shorts. She expected some evidence of an erection, hopefully an out of control one. Bending closer, she let out a pout of disappointment at not finding one. She thought for a moment he was gay or something, for surely a taught naked girl unexpectedly appearing in his apartment would get a rise out of any man.
Jumping up and down like a flustered kid who wasn't getting her way, Erica playfully whined at his lack of enthusiasm. Not understanding why he wasn't showing any signs of an erection as she paraded around without any clothes on and even bouncing her tits wildly. Dancing and jiggling around the entire apartment, she even pointed out Bob had a huge boner already, from what she could assume behind his clutched hands.
After a visibly uncomfortable pause, Doug then admitted he was secretly gay. His bold admission seemed to just roll off the shapely, naked back of Erica, but Bob was visible shocked and totally confused at discovering his roommate of two semesters was gay. Doug and Erica both quickly turned toward Bob, catching his hands quickly returning to once again cover his crotch, grabbing even tighter this time. He had pulled them away when gesturing about the shock of hearing Doug was gay.
Bob stuttered excessively as he tried to wrestle with the situation. He was almost to the point of homophobic breakdown, realizing his roommate liked guys. But he then stepped back from the emotion, when realizing Doug had never even hinted at a pass at him and had also never seen him naked.
Quickly defusing the situation, Doug apologized for not speaking up sooner, and assured Bob that he was never even remotely interested in him, admitting that he liked the athletic skinny types, of which Bob was definitely not. Doug continued that it was excessively difficult to get any action, practically giving up even trying, especially that there were only specific circumstances that got him excited.
Erica's curiosity begged Doug to explain, sympathizing with his plight and hoping she could help this nice guy in some way. Doug explained that he grew up in a very open family environment, and was used to getting constant praise from his sister, brothers and parents about the large size of his dick when erect. His whole family walked around the house naked most of the time, and were constantly teasing each other about body parts, especially casually-erect dicks. There was never any sex between siblings, but plenty of open, frank discussions.
He continued about growing up nudist, explaining that since he had an excessively bigger dick than normal, he was teasingly encouraged to walk around with a constant erection. Since being the middle child, it was one of the few ways he had to gain attention. His sister even brought home friends to see if the rumors were true. But unfortunately, ever since leaving home for college, he realized that he needed to have an admiring audience to get erect at all. He longingly missed his life back home, with its constant parade of naked family members and guests.
And even though Doug said he preferred to date men, he totally got off leering at all the women, who were more than happy to show him their own naked body. He always enjoyed parading around all the naked women and relishing in their fascination with his big dick. But that scene was sorely missed any more, since he left home for college.
Growing up nudists, he explained that his parents had strict rules about bringing friends over or being naked outside the house or backyard. While he and his siblings were still young, any friends they wanted to bring home had to have their parent's approval first, knowing full well their kids would be in a house of nude people. As usual, the parents reluctantly let their kids visit, but with the promise to keep their own clothes on. The friends always promised profusely that they would, but within a short time of arriving, stripped completely, quickly discovering the freedom of playing in the nude. Doug's family always kept the secret.
As the friends overcame their fear of being nude in mixed company in a casual setting, they returned to their own homes not caring if their own family members saw them nude. Doug's family started quite a trend and always had lots of friends parading around the house nude. He fondly recalled his teenage years, realizing those years would probably be the most erotic of his life and not even imaging ever having such a great time ever again.
Erica and Bob were both listening intently by this time, fascinated at hearing about such an incredible life. Before hearing about the teenage years though, Erica felt the need for more involvement, so she motioned for a break to get more comfortable. Surveying the sparse apartment, she found a pillow and sat on the floor leaning back up against the couch. She then demanded Bob sit on the couch behind her, dangling his legs over her shoulders, and for the love of God, to finally remove his hands from his crotch. She pointed out her request was only fair, considering he'd been ogling her nude body for long enough. He sheepishly complied, but became even more nervous because he was now within view of anybody walking by in the hall, and also that his gay roommate was seeing him naked for the first time.
Still not having seen Bob's erect dick, she grabbed his dangling legs and began grinding his calves into her boobs. She then spread her legs wide, offering Doug a front row view of her cleanly-shaved and already glistening pussy. She could feel Bob leaning forward on the couch, peering over for a better view of her likable pussy. Erica giggled as she felt his erect dick poke the back of her head.
She then told Doug to continue, but not before stripping down himself, adding that she didn't care what condition his dick was in and that he now had an audience. She wasn't able to convince him, but he promised he would when the time was right. Doug then said he had told enough of his story for the time being and really had to get off to class anyway. He thanked her for the show, and secretly wondered if this girl was his ticket to a renewed life as an exhibitionist nudist.
Not wanting her erotic high to be over so soon, she realized she had the perfect solution to his plight, Erica excitedly jumped up and told him of the exhibitionist antics already happening on the floors right below him. She was surprised he hadn't already seen her and the others walk the halls in the nude. Since he needed an audience to get fully hard, she was excited to be able to help, and also see for herself that huge dick he keeps talking about.
Not giving him any choice in the matter, she grabbed his arm and led him out the front door saying she had some friends he just had to meet and there was plenty of time before his class started. She turned back to Bob on the way out, demanding he follow them to an apartment on the first floor, adding that he could put some shorts on if he wanted.
On their way down, Erica told Doug about some of her exhibitionist antics and quest to recruit new members.
I heard a frantic knock at our door, and I swore to give the person a verbal lashing for waking me up so early. But instead, I thought just answering the door naked, sporting a morning erection would be shock value enough. So, on my way through the apartment to the front door, I gave my dick a few good tugs to ensure an impressive show.
I opened the door to a naked Erica with a new guy. She gave me an admiring smile for greeting her properly, naked with erection, and introduced Doug from the fourth floor. She excitedly gave me a quick explanation of his plight and that we now had a new member of our nudie group, and possibly two, if they could convince his roommate to join. I thought it was a good idea, and said we probably wouldn't have any problem at all supplying an audience of admiring voyeurs. She also mentioned that Doug was gay, and that we would need to try extra hard to find him a few buff jocks for him to ogle.
Standing proudly in the hallway, I asked Doug if he liked what I had, adding that I wasn't interested in any sex with a guy, but that I didn't mind putting on a show. He smiled as he spied me up and down, but I interrupted his gaze when I realized my dick had deflated quite a bit, and begged him to give me a minute. I then asked Erica to jiggle her tits again, while I fondled my own dick back to life. Just then, Barbara opened her door, fully nude, wondering what all the commotion was so early in the day. Still barely awake, she was surprised, but definitely not shocked to see Erica jumping up and down, me stroking my dick, and a new guy, fully clothed, and watching it all in delightful wonderment.
Barbara casually leaned against her doorway surveying the scene and waited for an explanation. Soon realizing her nude body was needed for visual stimulation, she turned toward me and began vigorously kneading her voluptuous rack, occasionally nibbling a nipple along the way. The naked, gyrating girls were definitely having their effect on me, getting me fully inflated in short order. Striking a pose, I presented myself for Doug's approval. He smiled in full appreciation, as Erica noticed he had finally loosened up and seemed to be enjoying himself for the first time that morning.
My dick twitched uncontrollably in response to the complementary leers from the crowd in the hall. I loved being on stage, especially when I'm naked. I called for a group grope in celebration, prompting all four of us to grope our crotches with vigor. Another tenant coming down the stairs almost tripped upon seeing four people down the hall grapping their crotch, three of them naked. We all laughed, but got curiously quiet when Erica began to tell us that besides Doug's issue about needing an audience to get fully erect, it was freakishly huge when it finally does.
Hearing this just about took Barbara over the edge. All eyes to her, as she shuddered and let out a little gasp from stuffing three fingers quickly up her pussy. She groaned that she has been lusting for a big dick to fill her completely. Being she was big-framed, yet still very toned, she revealed to us that her vagina must be bigger than normal, since it's never been filled to her satisfaction yet. And her imagination just let loose hearing Doug had a monster dick. We left her to her fantasy, and kept quiet about Doug being gay... although, I'm sure we could convince him to give Barbara a courtesy fuck one day. With us all watching of course.
Erica realized Bob hadn't come downstairs yet, and also Doug was still wearing clothes. She told Barbara and me about the Bob situation, so we decided to all take a trek up to the fourth floor, thinking that he would finally join the nudie club if we bombarded his senses with a whole room of nude co-eds. And Doug finally relented to Erica's prodding, agreeing to strip before we all headed upstairs.
I went back in my apartment to arouse still-sleeping Jeanie for a naked mission on the fourth floor. As we step out into the hall, both our jaws drop, joining Erica's and Barbara's dropped jaws, in utter awe of Doug's exposed dick. Our small audience must have been enough for him to get almost halfway inflated, for his dick was pointing down at about a 45-degree dangle, and already at least eight inches long. It wasn't very thick around, like mine gets, but a sight worthy of staring in amazement. Especially when he held his hand more than a foot in front of him, after a request from the girls to show them how long it gets when fully engorged.
I felt slightly jealous that I was suddenly knocked off my pedestal, as sporting the biggest dick walking the halls of the building. So I quickly broke the stare fest, and grabbing the nearest two girls by their boobs, led the group down the hall on our mission to surprise Bob.
We walked right into Bob's apartment through the already-open front door. Erica motioned for the rest of us to keep quiet, as she peeked around the apartment and found Bob nervously pacing around inside his bedroom, fully naked. No doubt agonizing about the situation and trying to build the courage to face naked Erica again and how to deal with his newly-exposed gay roommate.
Erica backed away quietly from the bedroom, and joined the rest of us posing in the front room. Bob emerged from his room after hearing Doug's announcement he'd returned. Bob froze dead in his tracks upon seeing five naked people, three of them women, in the middle of his living room. Totally overwhelmed, he just threw up his arms in surrender. Our plan worked, as for the rest of the summer, Bob and Doug joined a few of our exhibitionist adventures.
During the couple weeks leading up to the nude hike, we planned the methods we'd use in creating a comfortable nudist experience for the group, and set some ground rules for the hike. We explored all the different options and possible scenarios we'd encounter. As each person would definitely have their own demons to quench and method they'd feel more comfortable stripping for the first time.
The day finally arrived. Jeanie and Barbara joined me for the half-hour ride to the secluded trailhead. A few cars were already in the parking lot. Luckily, they all belonged to our group, making it that much easier to strip in the lot without any concern about offending other people just out for a morning stroll.
Nervousness was the norm amongst the group, as we mulled around the parking lot waiting for the last of the invitees to arrive. A few small groups formed from people who already knew each other. I could hear them quietly talking, about what they got themselves into and seeking that shared group courage to go through with it.
I was surprised that everybody who agreed to join us actually showed up, as I totally expected a few to chicken out. I then gathered the group together, with Jeanie, Barbara, Sabine and Erica flanking me as we addressed the rest of the group to explain the exhibitionist adventure we were all about to begin.
But that's a story for another time.