After the confusion and unexpected excitement at the art gallery, Matt and I arrived at his apartment to find his two room-mates playing Xbox. Matt groaned and complained "I thought you too were doing out to bar tonight."
His room-mates both turned and looked back at us, broad smiles forming on their faces as they saw me. The one on the left smirked as he asked "Matt, is this the girlfriend you keep tell us about? She really exists?"
Matt rolled his eyes and replied "Yeah, April, this is Chad and Jake. Chad and Jake, this is April, my girlfriend."
Jakes eyes sank down to my barely concealed breasts as Chad spoke up again. "Nice to meet you. And damn Matt, you didn't tell us how hot your girlfriend is."
Matt rolled his eyes and replied angrily "Watch it, Chad, that's my girlfriend you're talking about."
I slipped my arm around Matt and pressed tightly against him. I leaned up and gave him a playful kiss on the lips before looking at Chad as I said "It's ok Matt. I'll take it as a compliment. It's nice to know that you have a hot girlfriend."
Matt smiled a bit and hugged me back. "What would you like to do?"
I winked playfully at Chad as I replied "Let's go to your room."
As Matt led the way I followed him back to to his bedroom. I glanced back and saw both room-mates watching my butt as I walked. I flipped the back of my dress up with my hands, showing them my butt and thong. As their mouths dropped open in shock I followed Matt into his bedroom.
As soon as we were in the room, I pushed him against the wall and kissed him passionately, shutting the door with a hand.
He groaned, his surprised eyes staring into mine. I ran my hands through his hair, then down over his chest, unbuttoning his shirt as I kissed him deeply. He moaned into the kiss, his hands cupping my breasts through my dress, squeezing them.
As soon as I got the last button undone, I tugged his shirt off and dropped it to the floor. My hands slipped down and undid his belt and pants as his hands slipped into my dress and grasped my breasts. I moaned into the kiss "Oh Matt...."
His pants were soon at his ankles, followed quickly by his underwear. His tiny little cock was throbbing it was so hard.
I grabbed the hem of my dress and pulled it up over my head as he kicked his pants off. Our lips found each other again, kissing passionately, my tongue slipping between his lips and penetrating his mouth, flicking over his tongue.
I pushed my underwear down as I broke the kiss and grabbed his hand, dragging him to the bed. "Fuck me Matt. Take me hard. I've needed you all night."
I laid down on the bed, legs spread wide, pulling him down on top of me. "You're so hot April. How did get so lucky to have a girlfriend like you."
I grabbed his ass and pulled him towards me, demanding playfully "Shut up and fuck your hot girlfriend Matt. I need you inside me."
He didn't hesitate. He put his little dick against me and drove it into me hard. I didn't feel him inside me all that much, but I felt his body slam into mine. I groaned deeply, wrapping my arms and legs around him, pulling him as tightly against me as I could. I moaned into his ear "Take me Matt. Take me hard."
He started to pound into me, driving me up against the headboard. I groaned deeply. The stimulation against my clit felt great, but he wasn't fully meeting a yearning I hadn't felt before, a yearning to really be filled, to be really taken completely.
He fucked me faster, grunting deeply. I thrust my hips up, meeting his cock, willing him to go in deeper.
We must have fucked for 5 minutes that way, the headboard banging loudly against the wall. Neither of us thought about it being the wall that adjoined the room where the room-mates were playing Xbox.
I dug my nails into Matt's back as he switched to grinding against me, the direct stimulation on my clitoris driving me wild. I cried out "Yes -- yes Matt --- just like that --- don't stop!"
He ground harder, and I gripped him tighter. I started to pant and tremble. He was grunting deeply, straining to hold back and orgasm, trying to please me.
I bucked under him, crying out "uuunngg -- close -- close Matt -- cum with me."
He responded by thrusting his little dick as far into me as he could and then grinding hard against my clit, pushing me forcefully down into the bed. I clung to him as I orgasmed, spasming under him, crying out something incoherent. He grunted loudly and then twitched, cumming inside me.
He collapsed on top of me, both of us panting, sweaty, shaking from the intensity of the orgasms. My lips found his and kissed him gently, looking into his eyes, tears forming in the corners of my eyes.
He gazed back at me, kissing me, looking confused as he noticed the tears. He broke the kiss and blinked, stammering "W-what's wrong April? D-did I hurt you? Was it not good?"
I laughed a bit and then wrapped my hands around his head, pulled him close and kissed him deeply, my cheeks damp now. I broke the kiss and smiled softly at him. "You're amazing Matt. And I love you, and I've never felt this way about anyone, and sex has never felt so good like that, and I'm so happy that I'm crying, and Matt, oh, I need to stop talking. I've probably scared you away."
Matt smiled softly at me, still lying on top of me as he stroked the hair away from my face. He whispered softly "You could never scare me away April. I love you too, and I could never have imagined finding someone as wonderful, smart, sexy, athletic, and wonderful as you."
I giggled a bit and kissed his nose, whispering "You said wonderful twice."
He whispered back "Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful...."
He slipped off me and laid next to me cuddling me. He asked softly "Can I ask you a question?"
"Of course, what is it."
He leaned over and lightly kissed my breast as he asked "Can you cum twice. I mean, like another orgasm now?"
I smiled down at him. "I'm not sure. I've never tried it."
He bit his lip nervously. "I want to try it. But I want you on top of me, my face, like we did the other night. But this time I want to lick my cum out of you."
I blushed, and I'm sure there was a surprised look on my face. I asked cautiously, the idea of facesitting him while his cum leaked out of me arousing me. "You -- you want me to facesit you after you came inside me? You know your cum will be leaking out of me, right?"
He nodded, blushing, whispering "I want to try it. I want to please you that way, I mean, if you want me to."
I responded by climbing on top of him and straddling him. I placed my hands against the wall as he shimmied his head down between my legs. I could feel a bit of cum dripping out of me already as I moved to the upright position.
I heard him moan softly and then felt his tongue tentatively and slowly lick along my pussy. I groaned softly and then asked hesitantly "Is it ok Matt? You can stop if you don't want to taste your cum like this."
He responded by suddenly pushing his tongue up into me. He grabbed my breasts and pulled down, forcing me tighter against his face. I squealed a bit at the eroticism of knowing he was tasting his cum in my pussy.
He started to slowly fuck me with his tongue, holding my breasts firmly. I whimpered and moaned deeply, lost in intense arousal at how erotic and deeply intimate it was to have him there like that.
I looked down and saw him staring up at me, his face framed by my breasts. I groaned, staring into this eyes, whispering "Oh Matt ... mmm...."
He slipped his tongue out of me and whispered softly "I've never tasted anything so amazing, so erotic." Then he flicked his tongue along me, licking more of my wetness and his cum off my pussy before closing his lips over my clit and suckling tenderly at it.
I closed my eyes and cried out loudly "Unaanngg -- Matt, oh Matt."
He suckled and licked my clit, and I stated to grind my hips, thrusting them against his face. His fingers rolled my nipples back and forth.
I grunted loudly, a second orgasm quickly approaching. I cried out "Right there. Oh yes, oh yes Matt" as he sucked harder at my clit and his tongue started to grind against it.
He kept doing that as I rocked on his face, grunting and moaning. Then suddenly I came again, even harder than the first time. I cried out something incoherent, almost screamed at the intensity of the orgasm as it rolled over me. I twitched and shook on his face, my entire body convulsing at the intensity of the orgasm.
Finally I started to come down from the orgasmic high and rolled off of him. I cuddled up against him, pulling me legs up against me, moaning.
He lightly caressed my back, whispering "So you liked that?"
I was still trembling as he spooned me from behind. I managed to murmur "How do you make me feel so good?"
He leaned over and kissed my cheek lightly and whispered "I love you April."
I turned my head and kissed him gently back "I love you too Matt."
We cuddled that way for a while. Eventually, probably 30 minutes later, I heard his breathing become more shallow, more regular. I rolled over slightly and looked at him. He looked perfect sleeping there like that, naked, a smile on his face. I gazed at him, thinking to myself "He's the one isn't he? He's the one I'm meant to be with." I laid there, gazing at him, not moving.
Eventually I realized I needed to use the bathroom. I carefully slipped out of his embrace, being careful not to wake him up. I looked around for my dress but couldn't find it in the dark. I knew we had tossed it somewhere in our frenzied undressing, but I had no idea where.
I looked at the clock. 11pm. I listened at the door and didn't hear anything. I guessed that Chad and Jake had gone to bed.
I carefully opened the door and slipped into the hallway, still naked. I quietly closed the door behind me and looked around, wondering where the bathroom was. Matt's bedroom was on the first floor next to the room with the couch, TV, and eating area. There were stairs, presumably leading up to the other bedrooms. There was a bit of light in the apartment, and across the eating area was an open door with a tile floor. I figured that must be the bathroom.
I quietly walked out into the open area and froze. Chad and Jake were there watching a movie. That was the source of the light. They hadn't noticed me yet. I should go back and find some clothes. I paused there and before I could stop myself I stepped out into the room, stark naked, looking like I had just had sex -- nipples and breasts pink from Matt's pinching, pussy still somewhat open and still glistening a bit, hair a complete mess.
I asked softly "Guys, where is the bathroom? Matt's sleeping, and I didn't want to wake him up."
At first they didn't turn and look at me. Jake just mumbled what I already knew "Other side of the room."
Then we glanced back at me. He jaw dropped open as he saw me there. He gasped loudly "Holy crap. You're naked April."
I smirked at him "Wow, aren't you observant. You don't mind, do you? I couldn't find my clothes in the dark in Matt's room and didn't want to wake him."
By now Chad had turned around too and was gaping at me. Both sets of eyes were greedily looking at me -- my breasts with their pink, hard nipples, my pussy, my legs.
Chad stammered, unable to find his words "You -- we - um -- we."
Jake interrupted him "We heard you, um, well, cum. Twice?"
I blushed deeply. I hadn't really thought about how loud I had been.
My turn to stammer "Well, um, yeah, Matt and I had fun." Wow, I sound like an idiot I thought.
I squirmed a bit and felt a tingling between my legs as I noticed Chad staring directly at my pussy.
Chad finally recovered his ability to speak. "Fuck April. You're even hotter than I imagined."
I rolled my eyes and covered my pussy with my hand, forcing him to look up, though his gaze settled on my breasts. I rolled my eyes again "Well, I suppose that could be interpreted as a compliment, though a rather inappropriate one give that I'm your room-mate's girlfriend."
With that I turned and walked to the bathroom, closing the door behind me. I sat on the toilet, thinking as I peed. I looked around. I could wrap one of the towels around myself and got back to Matt's room that way.
I bit my lip, feeling that tingle again as I thought back to what it was like to have Chad staring at my pussy shortly after I had sex. I felt the tingle again, this time accompanied by butterflies in my stomach. I stood up, flushed, and washed my hands. I grabbed the towel but paused and then put it back. I took a deep breath and opened the door, still nude.
Both Chad and Jake were now sitting at the table just outside the bathroom door, talking. Waiting for me most likely. And a light was on now.
As I stepped out of the bathroom both of them grinned, openly staring at me, Jake at my tits, Chad at my pussy. I tried to act like it was perfectly normal for me to be there naked. "Um, hi guys. What are you doing?"
Jake's gaze didn't leave my tits as he replied "I think the better question is what are you doing, and why are you naked?"
I sighed. "I told you. I couldn't find my dress, and I didn't want to wake Matt up turning the light on. If it bothers you, I can grab a towel and cover up.
Chad quickly jumped in. "No, no. That won't be necessary. We don't mind."
I smiled a bit and stood in front of them. I shifted my stance a bit, opening my legs slightly and then leaned against a chair. I teased them a bit. "You both look like you've never seen a nude woman before."
Chad chuckled "Well, yeah, I've seen nude women. But shit, you're my room-mate's girlfriend, you're hot, and well, you're hot."
Jake quickly added "Why are you with Matt again? He's kind of a geek,"
I glared defensively at him and placed my hands on my hips, squaring on him, forgetting momentarily that I was nude. I lift my hand and pointed at him emphatically, making my breasts bonce a bit. "Matt is an amazing, caring, kind guy. And apparently you heard, he made me cum twice tonight. When did you last make a woman cum twice in one night?"
The two of the stared, dumbfounded.
I raised a eyebrow. "Have either of you actually made a woman cum?"
Jake stammered a bit, but Chad piped up. "Of course I have."
I smirked as I asked "How?"
Chad replied "But fucking her."
I shrugged a bit. "Do you have a girlfriend now?"
Chad shook his head no.
I smirked "So Matt has a girlfriend, one that you seem to think is hot, and he makes her cum. You don't even have a girlfriend. So maybe you're not in a position to tease or make fun of Matt?"
Chad blushed a bit. "Yeah, ok, whatever. And damn, I just trying to tease you a bit."
"Wow" I thought to myself. "I'm defensive of Matt!"
I smiled a bit, switching the topic. "So, you both like my boobs?"
They nodded a bit, hesitantly, seemingly afraid of another outburst.
I bit my lip and shook my body a bit, making my boobs shake for them.
Chad groaned and Jake muttered "Oh shit..."
I chuckled and looked from one to the other "You really think I'm hot?"
They talked over each other trying to answer "Totally ... hottest woman I've seen .... 10 out of 10."
I chuckled. "Well, I certainly hope I'll be over here more often. Keep this a secret, and I might wander out nude again."
They both nodded and stared at my ass as I walked back to Matt's room and quietly let myself in.
I set my watch alarm for 7am so that I wasn't late for class, slipped into bed, cuddled up to Matt and was quickly asleep.