Listening to the sounds of the party, you eyes are closed behind the blindfold and you briefly wonder how you both ended up like this. Shadows Club started as a fantasy game and although you pretended you wouldn't have wanted to come at all, there was a curiosity on both your parts and somehow together you'd come to the conclusion that it needed to be seen to be believed. It might be something to laugh about later, to roll your eyes about, to escape from quickly but not get involved...
It was clear from the start that there was zero pressure or requirements; there were even a few interesting couples who under certain circumstances could be fun people. There was definitely enough to be seen, never mind heard(!), that was stimulating and you felt that things would be hotting up way before we you both expected.
And so after a couple of drinks the offer of a private room, albeit with windows for the voyeurs, was more exciting than you'd imagined. Heck, even the idea of unseen voyeurs was exciting, awakening your mildly exhibitionist fantasies. The occasional gasp and fucking sounds in the background were a reminder that this was way more normal than you'd expected.
Now on the large bed and silky sheets, your nervousness meant you didn't want to look anyone in the eye so when Roger picked up the blindfold hanging on the bedpost, you had no objections. He was the only other person in the room with you after all.
Your self-consciousness hidden behind your closed eyes, Roger undressed you and himself caressing and kissing from your lips to your breasts to your pussy. You can feel his hard cock against your leg, and it excites you that he should have such a reaction to showing off your body and making love to you in front of what might, by now, be nobody or a complete crowd.
What if it's really a crowd, your senses are heightened due to your inability to see them but your reservations are driven out by the wetness between your legs and Roger's tongue on your pussy. Your squeeze your breasts and whisper to him, "I need you inside me now"
He kneels up and parting your knees, moves his cock to part your pussy lips. You moan as he slides forward a half inch.
"Want me to fuck you?" Roger asks.
"Yes, fuck me. Fuck me hard. Show these people how you fuck me." you reply.
He slides all the way into you and you almost scream with pleasure. You briefly realize that there's no need to be quiet so and you allow a loud moan to escape from your mouth. Feeling Roger's body on top of yours, his cock inside you rhythmically and gently fucking you, while you guess know, that any number of people are watching, maybe getting excited at watching you both.
Roger sits back but continues his thrusting, holding your legs; you wonder if he's showing someone through the window? Past the point of caring, you find even the thought highly erotic.
Hands stroke your breasts and you flinch briefly as you realize that Roger is still holding you and they can't be his. He continues fucking you while lips descend on your nipples and a wet tongue licks and teases you. You reach up to touch whomever but however they pull back slightly - you decide to indulge in the game as Roger continues to rock back and forth, his cock in your wet pussy.
You raise your hands above your head and the kisses return to your breasts, the hands stroke and squeeze. The mysterious lips kiss across your belly, slowly, gently but moving purposely.
A pause. You wonder what is coming next.
A tongue.
It flickers briefly and gently at the top of your pussy. Roger has slowed but his hard cock is still moving in long strokes in and out of you. You shudder with the eroticism and multitude of sensations as you feel your clit being licked in time with Roger's cock. You can't help yourself and your hands reach down to grasp handfuls of soft, long hair.
Puzzled and excited at the same time, you reach back up to pull off the blindfold confirming what your touch had already told you. A beautiful woman you hadn't seen before is stroking you and licking your pussy as Roger fucks you without missing a beat.
The sensations are almost too much.
One hand on your own breast, you reach the other out to stroke her bare, warm, skin. Sliding down you caress her cute breasts noting how odd you always thought that it would be to touch another woman, and yet here you are. Roger is clearly excited watching you and you look him in the eyes as you gently tug at the still unnamed woman that she should move back up your body.
"I want you to come. Fuck me, make me come." you manage to gasp at him. His "Oh fuck" in reply is almost drowned out by the slap of his skin against yours and the sensation on your mouth as you pull the woman in for your first ever kiss.
Her soft tongue is wildly different from anything you ever imagined kissing another woman would feel like.
The wild, pornographic scene is obviously tipping Roger over the edge and his insistent cock is having the same effect on you. You look at him briefly, then close your eyes to her passionate kisses as Roger cries out "I'm coming".
Stars start to explode inside your head, sending tremors and shivers down your body...