The following story takes place in the 1980's. Before all public spaces had cctv cameras and everyone had a cell phone with a camera. A time when people could explore their exhibitionist side without worrying about leaving a legacy of pictures on the internet. All persons exhibiting and viewing nudity are 18+
* * *
"Stop fidgeting," Mark said "you have to look natural!"
"Sorry..." was the only thing Kathy could think to say. Her heart was beating a mile a minute and the palms of her hands were starting to sweat. She kept rubbing them on her jean shorts then rubbing them together... causing them to sweat even more.
"Tonight... don't go too far OK? I'm really nervous and if you push too far I might not be able to keep composed alright?" she said, her voice wavering slightly and her mouth too dry for comfort.
"OK, don't worry - we'll play it by ear and see if you're having fun but remember to keep playing along no matter what I..." and mark was interrupted by the doorbell.
For a second, neither one of them moved or said a word, they just stared at the front door.
"Go answer it!" Kathy finally blurted out. The suspense was killing her. She didn't know who her boyfriend had invited over tonight and it took everything she had to stay seated on the couch and not run back upstairs.
When Mark opened the door and let two guys and a girl in, she breathed a small sigh of relief to herself because she didn't know any of them.
"Hey Kathy, here are the friends I told you about earlier" Mark lied as he led the strangers into her house. "This is John, Kenny and Mary. They all work with me down at the bar on weekends. John's a bouncer and Kenny and Mary tend bar. Thanks for letting us all come over to watch the game."
"Hi, nice to meet you all" Kathy said. Simultaneously wondering what game he was talking about and wanting to scream out loud and run out of the room. Somehow she kept her composure and acted normal. "Can I get everyone a beer?"
"Sure" was the unanimous response so Kathy stood up and headed off to the kitchen, leaving Mark alone with the guests as planned.
From the kitchen, she carefully listened as she got the beers and opened them.
"Dude, I thought she was gonna be naked?"
"Hold your horses... it's more fun this way! Just remember, no touching, no pictures and you CAN'T let on that anything is going on or she might realize what's happening and that'll break the spell. That means no commenting on her body, no weird suggestions etc. Anything I say to her she will do and she will believe anything I say. It will seem completely normal to her... but if you say stuff to her she might react like she normally would and probably freak out OK?"
"Got it..." they all chimed in unison.
Having heard enough, Kathy walked back into the room with an armful of open beer bottles and passed them around. She handed Mark a glass for his, as they had prearranged and asked if anyone else wanted one. Everyone said no so she took her place back on the couch.
They turned the TV on and everyone settled in to watch the game. For almost fifteen minutes nothing happened... it was like Mark was torturing her and making her wait. She kept glancing at him and everyone else in the room. The anticipation was killing her... but she also noticed that Mary was also checking her out as much as the guys, looking her up and down... could she actually be as interested as the boys? The thought almost made Kathy moan out loud.
A quick burst of action in the game... a breakaway... and a goal! Everyone jumps up to cheer and Mark 'accidentally' spills some beer on Kathy's shirt.
"Ahhh! That's cold!" Kathy blurted as she jumped up. She was genuinely surprised and since she had no idea what he had planned she played the part perfectly.
"Oh, I'm so sorry honey! Stay here and I'll go upstairs and grab you a towel and a new shirt, just a sec"
A few seconds later Mark reappears with both hands empty, to the surprise of everyone, including Kathy.
"Here's a towel, dry yourself off a little hon. I'm so sorry I spilled that on you!" Mark said as he held out his empty hand.
It took a second for Kathy to realize what was happening... that this was actually happening... now. She reached out and took the pretend towel from him and started dabbing her neck and shirt, pretending to be drying off. Around the room their guests eyes and smiles were wide as they realized Mark wasn't lying. He really could make her think and do anything he wanted!
"Here, hand me that towel and change into this T-shirt I brought you, I'll hold up the towel for privacy... unless you want to put on a show for the guys?" Kathy made her best "as if!" face and everyone laughed a little as mark held up the pretend towel in front of her.
Kathy took a deep breath, tried to calm herself down a little and as slowly as possible she pulled her tank top up and over her head, letting it drop to the floor next to the couch. Everyone in the room had a perfect view of her perfect small breasts and nipples showing through the see through fabric of her bra. Kathy could not believe how exhilarated she felt!
Reaching out a hand to Mark, Kathy made the universal 'give it to me' motion and said "My shirt? I'm not gonna sit here in my bra all night you perv!" which brought a round of laughter from everyone in the room as they did their best to pretend not to be looking.
Mark diligently handed her the invisible shirt which she went through the motions of putting on. Once the shirt was 'on' Mark, sensing Kathy would actually go a little further, leaned forward and in a loud whisper that all could hear he said "Uh Kath, I think your bra's a little wet... so unless you wanna soak that shirt too you should ditch it."
You could've heard a pin drop on the rug for a few seconds as no one seemed to breathe or move until Kathy broke the silence. Looking just at Mark she whispered back "OK, hold the towel there a few more secs."
Kathy pretended to pull her arms inside the sleeves of her invisible shirt, reach behind and undid the clasp of her bra. Keeping her eyes locked with Marks she slowly slid her bra off and dropped it onto floor, kicking the wet shirt she dropped before on top of it.
She couldn't believe she just did that. She actually just stripped off her top and bra in front of these people and was now standing topless. Somehow this was fulfilling a need and desire she had always had, but never realized. A sense of excitement, fulfillment and power surged through her as she stood there. No one seemed to notice how hard she was breathing, they just stared at her perfect little boobs moving up and down...
"Wow." John suddenly blurted out, breaking her thoughts and bringing Kathy back to the real world.
"What?" asked Kathy, now standing topless in a room full of strangers. Mark had dropped the 'towel' and sat back down.
"Uh, uh, nothing. Just they're playing really badly today..." he said, pointing at the TV.
"Oh, yeah." Said Kathy, having no idea if it were true. With all eyes on her she said she had to use the bathroom and asked if anyone needed a beer on her way back.
Once in the bathroom she nearly collapsed. 'Holy shit. Holy Fucking Shit! I can't believe how fucking horny this is making me!' she thought to herself as grabbed some toilet paper and dried the damp from her pussy lips. The panties were so tight they riding up inside her a little every time she moved, caressing and putting pressure on her now aching clit. Feeling like she didn't need the extra help getting turned on, she took them off and decided to just wear the loose jean shorts she had on. No one would notice and she wasn't planning on taking those off tonight anyways, she thought.
Since no one had asked for a beer she casually walked topless back into the living room, all eyes on her bare breasts and flat hard body, and took her seat on the couch. The only difference now was that Mary took the seat right next to her and sat close enough that their shoulders were touching a little with every movement.
Heart racing and pussy throbbing she looked around the room and was quite excited to see everyone focusing on her body. She could not believe how excited she was to be topless, showing herself off to these strangers. Her mind began to wander and think of all the things she wanted to do and all the places she could do them in. She also began to realize that it was partially the ACT of undressing in front of people and the fact that she was teasing them that really turned her on... showing off her hard body and perfect little boobs was starting to give her a sense of power she didn't realize she had. And she liked it.
At first intermission Mark decided it was time to take get Kathy a little more undressed. He decided to get her to strip off her shorts, leaving her in just those sexy panties he had her wear.
"Hey Kath, looks like I actually spilled some beer on your shorts too. You should get out of them before they stain. Your shirt goes half way to your knees and covers everything anyways so you should just take the shorts off here." he said slowly and deliberately, doing his best imitation of a magician giving orders to an assistant.
Now really panicking and trying not to hyperventilate, Kathy realized the fatal mistake she made taking off her panties. Without her shorts she would be completely naked!
Seeing her hesitate a little, Mark added "It's OK Kath. You have panties underneath your shorts and everything is fine. No one will mind you being dressed like that, after all it's still more than you wear at the beach. So go ahead and do it now."
She knew she had to follow his orders or risk being discovered as a faker. For a second she thought she couldn't get away with it... everyone would realize her lie when she had no panties on! Almost instantly though she realized she would fine. She could pretend she had panties on since Mark TOLD her she had panties on, and she had to believe everything he said right?
Heart pounding, head thumping, she barely heard herself squeak "OK, that makes sense."
All eyes turned to her and the room grew quiet as she stood up, slowly undid the button and started to unzip her jean shorts. After looking at Mark for confirmation, and getting a slight nod and look that said 'What are you waiting for?' she slid the zipped all the way down and dropped her shorts to floor and stepped out them. Pretending to hold down her invisible shirt she giggled as calmly as she could, "You're right... my shirt covers my panties completely and it actually does cover more than what I would wear at the beach" and with that did a quick twirl and sat back down.
Everyone was stunned, especially Mark. He had no idea she had taken off her panties, no idea she would actually show her pussy to everyone and especially had no idea she had completely shaved this morning! She was totally hair free. Mark had never seen her shaved and couldn't believe she had done that. Her tight little 'innie' pussy lips, moist and glistening from her excitement were on complete display until she sat back down. All three guys in the room suddenly had to sit back and cover themselves to hide their instant erections.
John had never seen a shaved pussy in his entire life and could not stop staring at her as she sat down. Even after sitting, with her pussy totally hidden he couldn't stop looking at the hairless, smooth patch of skin below her waist. Kathy could see the effect it had on him and decided to play it up. In for a penny, in for a pound!
She stood up, enjoying the mesmerizing effect she had on everyone. As she walked slowly over to stand beside the easy chair John was sitting in she saw Kenny rearranging his pants to try to hide his erection and noticed Mary's finger slowly moving across her lips. With her back facing the room, she stood with her hips mere inches from his John's face. Her freshly shaved pussy now on full display, she held her 'shirt' down with one hand and reached for a magazine from the shelf behind and above his head with the other.
The reaching brought her body ever so slightly closer to John. He let out a slight sigh and willed himself to control his hands. He didn't want to risk touching her and ruining the moment. Instead, he stared, creating a mental picture he could draw on later. He was in heaven.
Kathy held the pose for a few seconds while 'searching' for the right magazine in the stack. She could literally feel John's breath on her pussy and it was delicious. Warm and moist and she had to control herself not to push forward, begging him to explore her with his tongue. Casting the thoughts aside, she grabbed a random magazine, turned around and went back to sit on the couch beside Mary.
John wasn't even trying to hide his erection any more. He was breathing heavy and had one had on the tent in his pants. No one spoke until Mary giggled a little and pointed at John's hard-on. Leaning in to Kathy she said "Looks like John likes your little outfit!"
Playing along, Kathy whispered back "Yeah, I guess I should go put some more clothes on so I don't make him uncomfortable."
"No! You look really cute..." Mary said, her voice trailing off as she realized what she was saying and just how loud and quick she said it.
Kathy couldn't believe this... Mary wanted her to stay naked as much as the guys did!
Kathy leaned over to Mary and said "He's turned on and hasn't even seen my panties... let's see how he reacts if I flash him a peek! Oh my God I'm so bad!" She may have been acting flirty and nonchalant on the outside but on the inside she was screaming 'Oh my GOD I can't believe I'm flashing my pussy for them!"
Mark was sitting on the love seat, directly across from the other guys and Mary. Kathy got up, still holding her 'long shirt' down with one hand and sat on Marks lap, facing out towards the room with her back leaning into his chest.
She put her arms up and around his neck and turned her head to give him a good long kiss, stretching her already tight little body to the max and creating the firmest , perkiest tits anyone in the room had ever seen. With arms still up around his neck, she slid one leg a little over Mark's which had the effect of creating a tiny, perfect little line of site to her bald pussy. Mark could take a hint.
With all eyes on Kathy, Mark slightly pushed open his legs, which opened Kathy's a little further and put her on full wide open display for the group. John and Kenny sat dumbfounded and quiet, both instinctively squeezing their erections through their pants. Mary just stared and slightly moistened her lips with her tongue. When she finally lookup up, Kathy was looking right at her, grinning from ear to ear making eye motions as if saying 'Look at me teasing them! They're getting an eyeful of my panties! Ha Ha!'.
While watching Kathy Mary had brought her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. This action unintentionally gave Kathy and Mark a view right up her skirt where the wet spot on her panties was quite evident.
Kathy leaned back pretending to nibble on Marks ear a little and whispered "She's as excited as they guys, and I'm about to explode... I need to go 'take care' of myself before it becomes obvious. I'll be back in a few minutes."
"No," Mark whispered, "do it here, let us all watch."
"I can't do that! I've NEVER done that, even for YOU!"
"Yes you can... you want to, you know you do..." he quietly whispered back as he nibbled on her earlobe.
Kathy hesitated and turned to look around the room for a second. Seeing all eyes fixated on her throbbing pussy, the game on TV completely forgotten, she closed her eyes and imagined doing what he was suggesting. Just thinking about it almost sent her over the edge.
Hearing nothing but her own racing heartbeat and heavy breathing she leaned back for another nibble on his ear. Eyes still closed, mind still imagining the scene, she whispered "I do. I do want to... you have to make me... please make me..."