Many thanks to ScarlettKisses for the excellent editing work. Her efforts have improved the story and made the language more fluent.
*****
New Life
My wife Sarah and I have started a new life. We had always longed to get away from the rush and tear of the city life. Also we wanted to leave all the trouble we had caused each other in earlier days of our marriage.
We had found our dream place far away from the city. Just a few miles outside a small town we were lucky to obtain some acres of land just in front of a small lake.
With help of an architect we had got our dream house. We moved into the house almost a year ago. At first it felt curious. Being used to have many friends coming and going we were now mostly left quite to ourselves. It led to the advantage of coming closer each other than ever before. Our respective affairs were forgiven and put aside.
Thus our confidence in each other has grown. We have a great sex life. The secluded life at our house surrounded by the lake and the woods had made it possible to live without clothes like nudists. It's a tremendous feeling. The few guests visited us up to now doesn't believed it.
Early this summer Sarah's elder sister Rocy had returned home from Australia. We hadn't seen her since our wedding day some years ago. Now she would be our guest for the summer months.
Art Exhibition
She had made her famous as a photography artist with exhibitions in different countries around the world. During this summer her works of art are on display at a local gallery at our small town. As her art often portrayed nude people she was most controversial in many of the countries, not at least in this 'enlightened' country.
Sarah and I were invited to the exhibition inauguration. There were much people, experts as well as ordinary ones as myself. The press was there in great numbers, teams from different TV companies and writers lining up outside.
Sarah and I kept a low profile, laymen as we are. I must say that the pictures were selected with great attention. There were no studies of pornographic character, though you would find some depicting the act of sexual intercourse.
Suddenly I stopped in front of a photo somewhat larger than the rest of the works. It was illuminated by a spotlight behind me. It was no doubt who I thought! The depicted nude girl was Sarah! Oh, what a beautiful picture!
"Hay, have you seen that one?" I asked Sarah. She blushed.
"Oh, god heavens!" she whispered and tried to pull me away from the work of art. But it was too late. A TV reporter had observed the similarity between my wife in person and the nude girl on the wall. He got hold of Sarah and asked her for an interview.
Sarah was doubtful. Rocy had noticed her sister's dilemma and came to her assistance. "It's my younger sister," she explained to the reporter. "The basic picture was taken many years ago when she was 18 years old. It had been processed to get a more artistic appearance. But indeed, still she is recognizable." Rocy informed smoothly, looking too pleased to be as sweet as she appeared.
The reporter was enthusiastic. "Oh boy, the picture is wonderful with all the light and shade emphasizing the young woman's innocence," he said and looked at Sarah. "Your appearance hadn't changed much as far as I can see," he established with a smile. "It would be very interesting to the public to have more details on how you worked out the picture," he mentioned to Rocy.
He returned after a while and said that he had spoken to a producer of a future TV series named 'Creation: a Work of Art'. The producer had become very enthusiastic about the idea to include a story of how an art photo was worked out. If Rocy found it acceptable he would arrange a recording in a TV studio. If so, Rocy as well as Sarah had to participate. And as the production was to be made in front of a small audience I was welcome too.
Rocy found it good to get as much publicity as possible. If Sarah and I had no objections she would accept the offer. "I had discussed the arrangement with the producer," Rocy told us. "He wants me to take some pictures of Sarah being nude. Then I had to show how they could be treated to obtain good art."
"It means," I said, "that Sarah had to show up naked in front of the audience? And later on be shown for millions of TV viewers?"
"Yes, of course! Did it make you uncomfortable?" Rocy doesn't understand why we were so shy.
"What do you think of that?" I asked my wife, ignoring Rocy's innocent head cock and furrowed brows.
"I really don't know. But sure I have to get something to calm down my nerves before I strip," Sarah explained with due consideration.
It was decided that Sarah would participate as it would give her sister a tremendous good publicity.
At the TV Studio
On the day for the television recording we arrived at the TV studio well before the rest of the public. A script girl took care of Rocy and Sarah for having them prepped with make-up. The producer, John, showed me around the studio. There was some type of a scene built up in front of two rows of chairs for the audience.
"You are to use that one!" he told me. The chair he pointed at was in the middle of the front row. "From that point you have an undisturbed view of what's going on in front of the TV cameras," he explained. For the moment there were some cameramen and engineers being busy arranging the light and sound installations.
John and I sat down in front of the scene. "I had arranged with another nude model to take part in the second part of the program," he informed me. "I think it will cheer up the audience having a guy accompanying your wife on the scene!"
I was chocked when I understood that a nude stranger has to put his hands on Sarah. "Does my wife know?" I asked
"I don't know," he answered, "but Rocy knew. She found it suitable to discuss photographing of nude couples."
"This isn't a couple," I objected. "It's two nude people who are strangers to each other! I'm not happy with such an arrangement."
"Well, if you want you may be the man taking part in the second part of the program," John proposed. "However, it isn't a question of any type of porn. Of course, the guy ought to get close to your wife, but it mustn't result in anything more than that."
"I hope you are right. If not, I think you are destroying our marriage!"
The people to be the audience started to drop in. It seemed to be couples, but there were a few single persons too. All were of different ages, but mostly in their fifties. Soon the two rows became full. I was seated when a young lady get the chair to my right hand side. On my left hand side I found a somewhat older couple.
The young lady introduced herself as an art student. Her name was Marie. She was very interested in photography and was well-informed about Rocy. She also knew about me as the husband to Sarah, Rocy's younger sister. It had been reported in the latest number of some art magazines with details from the local gallery display.
The murmur of the audience became silent when the producer took the scene. He bid the audience and the TV public welcome to the new series 'Creation: a Work of Art' to be broadcasted during the next autumn. "The series deals with the three different noble arts: painting, sculpturing and photographing. Today we are to learn more of how a famous photographer creates her pictures. I'm glad to be able to welcome Rocy and her sister Sarah to take place on the couch."
The ladies entered the scene, Rocy dressed in a trouser suit and Sarah wearing a gown only. Rocy started to explain: "In the first part of the program today I'm to take some pictures of my model Sarah in different positions and with different lighting. Then the pictures will be transferred to a computer for further processing in a way that you can follow in the monitors."
She went over to her still camera and asked Sarah to take place leaning against the couch. Sarah dropped her gown as if she was used to act as a model. Her naked body was tremendous. The young lady, Marie, at my left hand side whispered: "Oh what a beautiful wife you have!" She was right. Sarah really had a nice hour-glass shaped body. Her breasts were perhaps small, but one was aware of how aroused she was. Her nipples pointed hard against the TV cameras. Her small waistline was accentuated by the hip-bone which, in the leaning position, made that Sarah's bottom and thighs show off perfectly. Particularly as her legs were somewhat spread. Her pussy lips were emphasized by the well-manicured bush above the pubic bone.
Rocy then started her working. She explained how different lights caused different views of the body. By use of the computer she also showed how one can manipulate photos. With help of pictures transferred to the monitors she exemplified how Sarah could be regarded as a bitch or as a faithful wife. "We will look at that in a more detail in next part of the program," she said glancing in my direction.
At the introduction of next part of the program the producer mentioned that Sarah now had to be accompanied by a male model. A young well-built nude man entered the scene. His name was William and he seemed to be in the middle of his twenties. His chest was great and his bottom rather small. Without being an athletic-looking man he had well trained arms and legs.
"Oh no, its my boyfriend!" my young chair neighbor Marie said with a loud voice. The heads of the public turned and everyone's eyes were fixed upon Marie. She blushed! "Now I understand why the producer asked me to sit down beside you," she whispered to me. "We are in the same boat so to say!"
I looked at her and felt sorry for her. I squeezed her hand and whispered: "Didn't anyone tell you?"
"No, even he didn't! He said he was busy today and that I had to go by myself on this TV show!"
We continued to hold hands. Sarah's eyes met mine and she smiled in embarrassment.
Rocy instructed William to stand behind Sarah who was facing the public. Then Rocy asked Sarah to take hold of William's still slack penis. I could see that Sarah reluctantly followed the instruction. "William put your left hand onto Sarah's left breast and keep her nipple between your thumb and index finger. At the same time put your right hand on her thigh," Rocy ordered William.
Obviously William had no objections to do as he was told. "No, he can't do this in my presence," Marie whispered to me. "Furthermore, he seems to like it!"
My cock had started to get hard. I didn't understand what in hell I was doing. I directed Marie's little hand onto the crotch of my bulging trousers! She didn't hesitate but unzipped the flies and grouped my manhood through the boxer fabric.
Sarah's and my eyes were fixed to each other. She looked frightened.
Rocy asked Sarah to spread her legs little more such that William could reach your pussy. And Sarah followed her instructions! "Please, rest your head at William's chest and give his penis some thrusts! It would be nice to see the head of his penis!" Rocy informed Sarah. Her wishes were fulfilled.
From the monitors one got a good view of Sarah and William. It looked like a loving couple. Rocy transferred the picture to the computer and gave some samples of what can be done to emphasize the different characters as a whole and in details.
"I want to give you a further example of art photography," Rocy told the public. Then she asked Sarah to put one of her legs onto the couch back. Sarah was now viewed slantingly from her side and her pussy was wide open for the eyes of the public. The TV cameras conveyed close pictures of her most intimate area. A close-up picture was shown of her swollen clit and the entrance to the vagina. And the ring muscle of her anus as well.
Rocy instructed William to get close to Sarah. His penis was fully erected. It was of good length and rather thick as it pointed in right angle from his crotch towards Sarah. "Put your penis in between Sarah's pussy lips!" Rocy instructed William. He followed the instruction.
"Rub it gently up and down! I want a picture of your penis head just above her clitoris," Rocy further instructed William. That became too much! Suddenly he forced his hard cock into her obviously well lubricated vagina!
I heard Sarah shouting: "Oh, it feels good! I like it! Aaaah!" She had passed the threshold of her orgasm.
It wasn't long before William exploded his semen deep inside her vagina. What wasn't allowed to happen had happened! And furthermore, it was documented by TV cameras and had been made in front of the audience.
There was some sporadic applause. Rocy failed to say anything and she obtained no picture. The TV recording was interrupted by people in the control room. The producer had been taken with surprise. He entered the scene and regretted what had occurred. He explained that the last part of the actions would be erased from the record. It never would be allowed to be shown.
I had been afraid right from the beginning of just the action now been enacted in front of my eyes. I felt sorry but at the same time I had got a new friend in Marie. She too was emotionally upset. Her hand still squeezed my erected cock! We looked at each other. As a mutual understanding we smiled to each other. "We have to proceed another time. I'll call you if I get your phone number." And I got it.
John came over to us when the rest of the audience had left the studio. Once again he regretted the bad behavior of the guy. He re-assured me and Marie that that part of the program never will be on show. It was already erased.
"You mustn't blame William alone. It was Rocy who stepped it up. She got her models to far!" I remarked.
Back at Home
Later that day when Sarah, Rocy and I were back home we sat in the kitchen. We had an excited discussion of what had gone wrong. Rocy admitted that she would had stopped William when he forced his cock into Sarah. "You should never have started the last scene where Sarah was to show up her most private area to the public," I told her. "You should have avoided the risk of getting your models to be aroused!"
"It's easy to judge when you have the key," she defended herself. "Above all, I saw you being well treated by a young girl in the public. And obviously you liked it!"
"Almost just as good as Sarah had it with William! But we never came to end," I responded.
The discussion was finished in that Sarah started to cry. Her tears flew down her cheeks. "I'm ashamed! Had I known what was to happen I'd never have agreed to put my body on a public TV show! I'm feeling dirty like a slut!" she shouted to her sister.
Rocy left the kitchen. I embraced Sarah and kissed her wet cheeks. Our lips met in a lovely long kiss ending in our bedroom. The summer night fall on the lake in front of our bedroom windows. The only sound above our own moaning and groaning of pleasure was the nightingale's song from the bushes down at the lake.
Next Day
I was working from home. Sarah had gone away to her office at the town. I saw Rocy strolling with her camera along the lake. I decided to keep her company.
"Hi there, do you find any good views worth to be registered?" I greeted her. As far as I could see she doesn't like to talk to me. Her face expressed a deep sadness. However, I followed behind her along the lakeshore till we reached the edge of the wood.
She turned to me. "I'm feeling guilt, for what I did to Sarah. Her body will be on TV's all around the world! The producer called me last night and told me that the program was sold to a great number of countries. He congratulated me to the extreme PR I would obtain; everything being at my sister's expense. What have I done?" Her eyes were filled with tears where she stood leaning against a tree-trunk.
We stood face-to-face. I always had difficulty to handle weeping ladies. It's one thing to comfort Sarah, my wife, but how to do with another woman? I couldn't think of anything else than to embrace Rocy. She looked astonished at me. "The future will show," I tried to console her. "Sarah just wanted you to get a good publicity! Obviously you will have it."
Still with my arms around her waist I observed her face. Her resemblance to Sarah was remarkable. The blue eyes, the little snub nose, the marked chin ..., but not the mouth. Rocy's mouth was more sensual!
"What are you thinking of?" she asked. "You seem to be in another world. Your dreamy eyes give me an idea! You have to be my photo model today. I'm not spoilt by male subjects."
"Are you sure?" I asked in a hesitating tone. "In your business I thought you quite often had men laying nude on the couch."
"It happens, but men are shy and didn't like to be pictured with their manhood on display; particularly in the case when it is a female photographer instructing them how to do it."
I laughed. "I understand! But if paid in kind it's OK then?"
"You think so? Shall we try?" she asked with a glint in her eyes, almost devilish.
"OK! What do you want me to do? Jumping around and climb up the trees as a monkey?"
Rocy rolls her eyes; "Oh, just get rid of your clothes. Then you just walk to the old oak over there. I'll take some pictures of you pissing against the tree!"
"You have the most funny ideas," I commented and followed her instructions. When I faced the oak she knelt at my side and snapped a series of pictures when I watered the tree. When finished she caught my dick and brought the foreskin back such that the cock head was visable.
"Keep it in such a position! It's sharply outlined against the green oak leafs!" She got a couple of pictures showing up my cock as the leading character. It started stiffening. Obviously she liked to feel the progress. She took hold of the shaft and asked me to spread my legs. The sack hang loose downwards with my testicles as heavy weights.
"Oh boy! Such a good sperm producer you have! I'm astonished that Sarah has managed to get clear from pregnancy." She directed the still camera from different sides and angles. She was more interested in my crotch area than in the rest of me.
"I think we are done with the outdoor pictures. Take your clothes with you, though you don't need them. I want to see you nude in my bed inside the house. You will be a nice model when following my instructions."
Oh liebe Gott, as the German says. What will this render in?
Rocy instructed me to lay on my back. She spread my legs in a most uncomfortable angle. My feet were fastened to the lower part of the bed. My arms were strapped in a similar way to the bedstead behind my head. She got in action with her camera.
To get my cock erected she introduced a stimulator to the inside my ass. It had a shape of a long, thick penis. The shaft was articulated such that the part inside my ass could be more or less tilted. The tilted part was rotated more or less fast by a motor. It has a tremendous effect on my prostate gland.
My cock got stone hard and pointed right up. Rocy gave me a hand job I never will forget. Simultaneously with driving the stimulator with maximum intensity she sucked my balls. It felt like she was to swallow them.
Having forced me to the border of cuming she made another use of the camera. "That will be good pictures for future exhibitions!" she explained. "Now, you will get paid."
She released my legs and arms. Still laying on my back I looked at her when she slowly started to strip. It was a divine body being revealed in front of my eyes. Unlike Sarah she had large breasts, 34D at least. Her long nipples were anchored in large areolas. Her buttocks gave the bottom a well-balanced proportion with respect to the breasts. The thighs on the long legs made a nice framework to her pussy crowned by a well-manicured little black bush above the pubic bone.
I couldn't help thinking we were straying from photography a bit, but couldn't bring myself to care when she walked towards me slowly, her hips swaying.
She straddled me in front of my crotch. My still hard cock was as an exclamation mark in front of her well-coming pussy slit. She started to slide towards my belly. My cock was embraced between her well lubricated pussy lips. She drove her pussy up and down my cock rubbing its tactile areas as well as those of her clit. The movement was repeated several times, always ending just as my cock was to dive into her vagina.
She played with me in a most desirable way. Her eyes were fixed with mine and she smiled every time I gave a groan.
To avoid me to cum she indicated her wish to change position. I left the bed and she laid down on her back. But, I wanted her in a position where her crotch was at the edge of the bed, so I asked her to scoot down towards me. She obeyed.
She got in position and I spread her legs. Then I knelt between her thighs. She was just as beautiful between her legs as anywhere else. I was able to see how the smooth, pale outer lips framed a dark pink, dripping wet pussy. I could smell her arousal. I separated the inner lips and inserted two fingers. Rocy sighed voluptuously. Her pussy felt wonderful, slippery and hot. My fingers pressed further inside and I could feel how her vaginal walls tensed and relaxed around my fingers.
I carefully circled her clit with my thumb. She stiffened and responded with a cry of pleasure. I continued the massage for a little while. She tossed her head and produced sounds of pleasure mixed up with deep breathing.
I bent against her pussy and put my head between her thighs and licked her outer lips as my two hands kept working on her. My tongue replaced my thumb circling the clit. With my other hand I continued gliding my fingers in and out of her hot, tight pussy. She smelled delicious! She tasted even better, her slick creamy juice hot and indescribable.
I glanced up past her pubic bone. I found Rocy rubbing and pinching her nipples. She whimpered: "Don't stop!"
My fingers were wet and slick with her moisture. I gently placed my index finger on her ass hole. I softly probed it. With my fleshy part of my finger I massaged the entrance. Two fingers of my other hand were reinserted into her delicious vagina.
Her hips were thrusting and her body thrashing about. I stood up and dove my hard cock inside her vagina. Listening to Rocy's moans and cries I pushed my cock in and out.
Her muscles were tightening around my cock. She was close. The plunging cock made wet squishing sounds. Then her pussy clamped my cock and she screamed out: "Ooooh god! You make it sooo ... wonderful ... it feels ...!" Her words almost echoed out of the open window.
The bedroom door opened. "There you are!" said a well-known voice. My lovely wife Sarah stood in the opening and looked at us. "I just wondered where I could find you when I heard some nice screaming from Rocy's room. Do you have had a good time?" she asked laughing.
Rocy quickly caught her breath and breathed out: "I have never had such an orgasm in my whole life! Thomas knows how to do it."
"I hope you aren't fagged out," Sarah responded looking at me. "I'm very horny indeed, so you have to give me just as much as you obviously just has given to my sister." She wasn't late to get rid of her trouser suit. As she never used any bra she stood in front of us wearing a thong only. She took a step towards me where I sat on the bed beside Rocy.
Since I hadn't reached to be triggered off before Sarah opened the door my cock was still armed for another fight. I embraced Sarah's bottom and buried my face into her crotch. I found her thong already quite wet. Soon I brought it down, passed her thighs and knees. Her pussy smelt nice in a known manner to me, but it was different compared to Rocy's I just had tested a while ago. It made me astonished that two sisters didn't have a more similar scent. I forced my tongue in between the pussy lips and tried to drive it up and down the slit.
Sarah spread her legs to make it easier to me for reaching her clit. My tongue found it and started to encircle it with more or less rough movements. Also my teeth were used nibbling the clit in a careful way. She moaned and forced my head harder against her pussy.
Rocy had taken place behind Sarah. She cuddled and fondled Sarah's tits. She brought Sarah to lay on her back on the bed in the same position in which I previously had brought Rocy. By doing so Sarah's pussy was in line with the end of the bed. Once again I knelt in front of a wonderful pussy, now it belonged to Sarah.
Standing behind Sarah's head Rocy kept her sister's hands down against the bed. She was immensely enjoying playing with Sarah by starting to gently pinching Sarah's hard pointed nipples. Sarah let out a soft moan when Rocy continued to massage, tease and pinch her nipples.
At the same time my fingers began tracing the outside of Sarah's pussy lips. One of my fingers entered her pussy and she moaned and twisted a bit causing my finger to touch more of her hot pussy. My finger stirred around her now dripping wet pussy. I brought the finger deeper inside to massage her G-spot, which caused her hips to twist in pleasure. I used my other hand to rub her outer lips up and down. By that I smeared her juices from her hole up to her clit.
I didn't directly attacked her clit as I thought it would cause an immediate orgasm. I wanted to give Sarah a more prolonged and deeper release. I continued to rub up and down the outer and inner lips, pressing against her hood, but without any direct contact. She was writhing under my touch!
Rocy's hands were still squeezing Sarah's breasts and tweaking her nipples. Every now and then when she pinched the nipples hard Sarah whispered "Oh, that's so good!"
I pulled one hand away from her lips and clit and managed to reach her ass hole. Sarah's moaning and writhing increased in tempo. As she felt my finger gently slide its full length into her ass, she exclaimed loudly: "Ooooh, don't stop!" Now I made use of fingers from both my hands inside her two exposed holes. I played the holes and explored their depths.
I rubbed the flesh that separate her vagina from the anus. I slipped another finger from each hand in each hole. She must had enjoyed it as she loudly exclaimed her satisfaction. With all the stimulation from nipple pinching to multiple fingers in her pussy and ass she began to lose control. She was twisting her body and turned her head back and forth. I could see that her eyes were tightly shut. Obviously she was approaching an explosion.
Sarah must had felt it coming. Not just an orgasm, but waves thereof. The first spasm almost threw her off the bed if not Rocy had kept her down. Her hips bucked and her legs raised. Every muscle in her body seemed to be contracted and tightened. She let out a scream: "Ooooh, Aaaah, Nooo, Goooood!"
I bent my head forward and put my lips and tongue to her clit. She absolutely lost her mind! She screamed and her body continued to move uncontrolled. My fingers still worked inside her body to keep her on this height as long as possible. My tongue continued to circle around the swollen clit. Finally I clamped my mouth on her clit and sucked it between my lips, flicked it with my tongue and nibbled it gently. Once again she exploded! Every muscle in her body tensed and she screamed of pleasure!
Sarah's nice pussy made squishing sounds when I moved my hands between her thighs. Her muscles squeezed and tensed rhythmically. Her orgasm lasted for a minute at least. When I removed my hands and face from her body, both her pussy and ass hole continued to twitch and pulse.
Her stretched and gaping holes slowly recent to their normal size. But I wanted to complete the session. I stood and my hard cock was ready to take over. Its head glistened of pre-cum. Sarah raised her head and looked down at me and gasped when she understood what I had in my mind. I stroke her clit once and then I pushed my way into her pussy. She was well lubricated as I filled her passage.
Rocy had left the bed and was in full speed with her camera.
Soon Sarah had a small orgasm when I pressed my cock deep inside and held it there. It sent her over the edge again. It was short but strong as her pussy tightened onto my thrusting flesh. Her vagina tensed and squeezed me. I was in heaven. My cock was gripped with such intensity that I felt it hard not to cum.
Sarah's pussy flooded and each thrust brought a delicious sound. My cock already hard before entering her, but feeling her hot slippery flesh, seeing her small breasts bouncing with each movement and watching my cock engulfed by her juicy, shaven pussy made me completely unaware of Rocy's actions around us.
Also Sarah was quite engaged and took no notice of her sister's impertinent interests of us.
I heard Sarah shouting: "Thomas fuck me! Fuck me harder!! I want you deep inside me!"
It urged me and I got hold onto her hips and banged into her. I bent her legs up towards her head such that I could get still closer to and deeper into her pussy. I felt how her pussy tightened and got grip on my shaft. I screamed loudly: "Oh, Sarah I have never ...!" My words disappeared in a deep groaning.
I pounded my manhood into her harder and harder. My balls clutched against her ass. Her face gave me a clear evidence that she was near orgasm again.
"Ohhhh... Yes...I'm cummmming!" she shouted. Her pussy squeezed my cock as never before. It began milking my own orgasm.
"Whaaah, I'm to fill you!" I cried when I reached the end of the way. A huge lodge of semen was delivered inside her. Every thrust added another load as I exploded within her vagina.
Sarah completed the sounds of happiness: "Youuuu Thomassssss!"
Each of our orgasms brought off the other and prolonged the other ones in a perfect harmony. Eventually I slowly withdraw my cock and I saw my milky juice flowing from her spent hole.
Completely exhausted we came to be laying beside each other in Rocy's bed. We looked astonished at Rocy where she stood taking one picture after the other of our nude, tired bodies.
"That's the best models I ever have had," she established with due consideration, too busy looking at the camera to really look at us.
-
Today the beautiful photography of my young wife from the art exhibition adorns a wall in our bedroom.