At first glance they were not the couple you'd expect to be boarding a bus heading off to this particular tropical resort. While certainly not Hedonism, the place had a reputation as a top spot for those enjoying a sensual, playful atmosphere.
It's not like the duo wasn't attractive. He was 6' tall, good looking, appeared fit, with short cropped, dark curly hair. The woman 5'3", was quite pretty, with a good body. Maybe it was their both wearing slightly over sized, dark rimmed eye-glasses , that made them seem a little two buttoned-down for our mutual destination.
Jan figured hubby had the look of a military man. Maybe a guy who needed a couple of drinks before "letting loose". We saw his wife in a different light, and developed a fun filled scenario.
She reminded us of a small town librarian, who had some of the more insightful male adolescents, undressing her with their longing eyes, taking out books they'd never read, and then fantasizing an encounter. This lady, while very likely overdressed at her job, still had the kind of form teenage boys could dream about. They'd imagine their MILF finding them in the now empty stacks around closing time. Seeing obvious excitement, she'd ask for a handkerchief. Next thing anyone knows "Ms. Smith" is wrapping her soft, beautiful, very skilled hands around the lucky young man's now pulsating dick, causing him to immediately fill the strategically placed hankie. Of course when the wishful daydreamer is done musing, it's his own palms filled with goo.
That exchange of ideas made a rather long, somewhat uncomfortable journey much more pleasant, and before we could come up with something equally interesting for the husband, we'd reached our destination.
Waiting on the same line to check in, we four introduced ourselves.
"I'm Scott and this is my wife Janice."
"Hi!" I'm Michael and this is my wife Sharon."
Non-specific pleasantries continued to be exchanged. They were very personable, sharp, funny, and quite sweet. Our guess, given the accent, was they hailed from a southern part of the U.S.
Soon, our foursome was sharing a ride to individual cottages. After dropping Jan and I off the taxi proceeded perhaps another 50 yards before stopping once again, allowing Michael and Sharon to exit. They were our new neighbors!
With a quick wave we four moved to our respective abodes. The accommodations were spectacular. Steps from the beach, each house had two full baths, a luxurious bedroom, kitchen, living room, deck, and private pool. Once unpacked and situated we took a more detailed look at our location. Janice noted with a twinkle, we had we had a great view of Sharon and Mike's place. That meant, as practiced voyeurs, we'd probably have a some great visuals in store. It also meant, as somewhat relatively modest exhibitionists, we'd have full control over what they saw from us.
After relaxing poolside, in shorts and with a couple drinks, the mutually agreed upon plan was to see how Mike and Sharon might react to some long distance, gentle teasing. Given their assumed southern pedigree our figuring was we'd better not overdo it. Jan retreated into the house, reemerging wearing a rather tiny, very flattering string bikini, that perfectly highlighted her terrific ass, beautiful breasts, and long, toned, shapely legs. I rose to greet her. We stopped on the deck, in full view of our new "buds", and engaged in a long, deep kiss. Feeling the rush of being watched we did it again, before slipping into the pool. Peeking from our vantage point, it was obvious we'd gotten our neighbor's attention, so we decided to go a tad farther.
Taking advantage of fading light, Janice stood up, and slowly with her back towards Mike and Sharon, began removing her top. Pretending she was having trouble allowed me to assist, my reward being another lengthy exchange of tongues. From there we both walked to the cottage, with dusk perfectly casting Jan's virtually naked body in an eloquent, sensual silhouette. Before entering we gave a casual wave to Mike and Sharon. They waved right back.
With that we took positions, cloaked in darkness, binoculars in hand, and watched the two of them proceed to their brightly lit living room. They began drinking. The alcohol worked wonders. By the second tall glass Sharon had slipped out of her blouse and pants; walking about, reclining, sitting on Michael's lap, in nothing more than bikini undies and a low cut bra. Those young men in our make believe library story were more right than they knew. Sharon had a terrific body; strong, well formed legs, tight butt, and gorgeous breasts. Michael dressing down to just boxers, was also quite the eye candy surprise. He was slim, long muscled, with a small waist and tight rear. But the biggest shock of the evening was how completely comfortable they were providing any lucky viewers with such an easily accessible look. Buttoned-down this hot duo was not. They were exhibitionists!
As a devilish finale', Sharon responding to Mike's increasingly heated fondling, simply reached into his shorts, grabbed his stiff cock, and led him "off stage left", exiting to an un-lit bedroom.
Talk about foreplay for voyeurs! Janice and I were in ogler heaven. She was wet and I was hard. Sharing thoughts about what our playful partners in self-display might be doing out of our sight just aroused us that much more. Jan announced what kind of sex Michael would most enjoy, and began performing it on me. She started giving fantastic oral, made even more spectacular at the thought it really wasn't her hubby's penis and balls she was tonguing and sucking. Turn about being fair play, I declared what would bring Sharon off, and began massaging my wife's swollen clitoris. The two of us got utterly, lustily lost in this erotic illusion, until we both reached impassioned, all consuming climaxes.
The thing about a large tropical resort is there is so much space, and so many activities, folks head off in many different directions. That became the case with Janice, myself, Michael and Sharon. Our contact became limited to exchanging greetings from our respective "yards" on the 2 evenings M&S were not MIA.
But what a couple of evenings they were! The pattern was virtually the same each night. Perhaps emboldened by a day's drinking Sharon became increasingly uninhibited. She began by exposing her beautiful bare breasts for Michael's looking, fondling, and sucking pleasure. As he sat poolside, legs spread, feet in the water, Sharon would swim up to him, rub her breasts against his now exposed hard-on and begin licking and sucking his cock and balls. Her magnificent oral was eerily similar to what Janice, kinda role playing, had given me just a few nights before. The only major change was made on the second night. Mike stood Sharon up before him, slipped his fingers inside the thong and began, given her look of ecstasy, what was most certainly a clitoral massage. In the end, they always wound up slipping away from our view, into their darkened bedroom.
The exquisite teasing left Jan and I filled with lust. That we were able to accurately guess the kind of sex they loved, made us incredibly aroused, and more willing to mimic what we figured Michael and Sharon were doing in their king sized bed. While remaining hidden in the pitch black anonymity of our room, we'd been able to examine nearly every nuance of M&S's fearless exhibitionism. Knowing any of our efforts to match theirs paled in comparison, we simply became ravenous voyeurs, enjoying each other in an almost other worldly fashion, neither one of us quite sure who it was really we were sucking, fucking, and satisfying to the max. Toss in the freedom of enjoying tropical breezes wafting through un-shuttered, screened windows cooling our hot bodies, and it was like reaching sexual nirvana.
Now we just needed to solve the mystery of M&S's whereabouts, when they "went missing". We got our answer. While taking a long walk we came upon the devilish duo visiting another couple at the latter's cottage. We were invited over.
Michael and Sharon introduced us to their "friends" Suzanne and Monroe. They were a striking couple. She was tall, fit, full bodied, and pretty. He was damn near a perfect physical specimen. Over 6', brownish complexion, light eyes, handsome and totally "ripped". Suzanne had the look of an athlete, while Monroe, like his buddy Mike, had the feel of someone who'd spent a substantial amount of time in the armed forces. The latter was proven true when the men made brief mention of serving in the same unit.
Sharon and Mo were obviously, strongly attracted to one another. . Mike's chemistry with Sue, while more subtle, was apparent none the less. It was easy, and quite exciting, to imagine why this hot crew was spending so much time together.
Before leaving, we mutually agreed to meet up at the costume party that evening. It would be the four friend's last night on the island, and they planned to make the best of it.
The "costumes" were what you'd expect.
Janice wore stiletto heels, black push up bra, very short, tight black "boy shorts" undies, and dark thigh high nylons. She liked to call it her Bahama Bat Girl outfit. My choice was a short, one piece, nothing underneath toga and sandals. Made for easy access.
Mo dressed in combat boots, and cut-off army fatigues. He was shirtless. Suzanne, with the addition of her camouflage halter top, came as his complement, G.I. Jane. Michael, costumed in a tiny loin cloth and staff made a terrific Poseidon, god of the ocean. Sharon was his goddess, donning faux, green kelp "leaves" that barely covered her nipples and crotch. Her fine ass was almost fully exposed.
We all very much enjoyed extended embraces, leading the guys to show signs of arousal. While the ladies surely enjoyed the effect they were having, none savored it quite as much a Sharon. When dancing began she was a queen bee surrounded by her drones, with none gaining so much favor as Mo.
With Michael pushing from behind, Sharon eagerly accepted Monroe's frontal advances. Seizing her hips, he began grinding hard against her pussy. She, in turn, took two hands full of his rock solid rear, controlling the rhythm of his movements. Mike, obviously loving every minute of this, matched his friend's tempo, "dry humping" his wife's ass. Still fully in costume the only penetration came when Sharon excitedly took Mo's tongue deep into her mouth.
With that, Sue intervened, but not in a way we'd expected. She pried Michael off his wife and rubbed herself against his full blown hard-on. He began fondling her and they feverishly kissed. Now these couples were far from alone in this kind of behavior, but there was no one better at it.
For our part we were out of our minds hot. Their play along with Janice being the tantalizing "meat" in several rather erotic dance "sandwiches" featuring in shape, good looking, obviously excited men, just made the whole erotic scene surreal.
Decision time. Should we, hoping the neighbors would return with their playmates, leave a bit early, and ready our secure, voyeur outpost? Or should we hang out longer at the party? We left.
Once at the cottage the preparations began. Binoculars ready. All lights off. Blinds open. We were kinda like hunters awaiting a for our willing prey to appear.
And appear they did. Still clearly flush with lust, and booze any inhibitions the foursome may have had were left back at the bar. They were all over each other, with Suzanne shockingly, reaching under Mike's cloth, grabbing his dick and leading him from the pool area into the dim bedroom. Jan and I wondered who taught who that move.
But Sharon and Monroe remained poolside. He began removing her leaves. Starting with Sharon's breasts, Mo peeled off the green strips covering her wonderful nipples. He tenderly kissed and sucked each of them, until turning attention southward. Impatient from his craving, Sharon's bottoms were nearly ripped off, fully exposing both her delicious body, and perfectly shaven vagina. Playfully she ducked into the water, while Mo reclined on the steps.
Swimming up to him, she began undoing his shorts, until she'd wholly exposed his huge cock. Sharon then proceeded to slide it back and forth between her fabulous tits, before taking as much as she could in her mouth. Both moved towards a blanket awaiting on the grass. Sharon, laying on her side, skillfully positioned herself so she could suck on even more of her lover's dick.
Pulling from her mouth, Mo buried his head between her legs. Spreading her dripping lips with his powerful fingers, he nibbled and licked Sharon's swollen clit. Soon she was trying, mostly unsuccessfully, to manage powerful spasms, before exploding in his face. Sharon had barely caught her breath before her hubby's buddy began carefully, patiently, penetrating her still steamy pussy with his big, rigid dick. Laying back, raising her hips and spreading her legs made Mo's careful, sensual penetration much easier, and soon both were moving in perfect erotic harmony.
If at first it seemed the physically bigger man would swallow up his considerably smaller conquest, Sharon turned that thinking upside down. She was a remarkable lover, matching her stallion on every level. Their fucking was simply unbelievable, made even more so when we realized Sharon was headed towards another orgasm! Pinning her ankles hard against Mo's hips, Sharon perfectly managed, to her liking, the timing and power of his thrusts. He complied completely, even cumming on her command. She simply grabbed Monroe's balls, told him to cum with her, and brought them both off in what could only described mutual carnal fury. The two wrestled, kissed, fondled and clawed at each other until each was thoroughly spent.
The stunning live sex show had Jan and I frenzied. Unable to resist taking each other, I'd removed her boy shorts, and given how wet she was, easily slipped into her from behind. Screwing while still able to watch Mo and Sharon took our voyeurism to another level. When they'd left to rejoin Sue and Mike in their still "blacked out" bedroom, Janice and I raced to our own.
We instinctively mimicked what we'd witnessed. Jan lay back, and took a pillow for her head, as I began stoking her clitoris with my tongue. My following every direction, helped bring her to an almost frighteningly long, incredibly strong climax. Jan knew what was next. Still extremely sensitive from her orgasm she welcomed me deep in her. Wrapping her long, gorgeous, gams around my waist she moved us into a heated, sensual flow, which soon turned torrid. Jan was about to match Sharon orgasm for orgasm. We both erupted the moment Janice gripped my balls. It's not unusual for my wife to cum twice in our lovemaking, but it is unusual for her second climax to eclipse the first. The idea of what we'd done sent us reeling into a kind of orgasmic utopia that seemed to engulf every muscle in our convulsing bodies. The orgasms seemed to last forever.
Exhausted, we slept where we laid, until awakened by the late morning sun. We quickly rose, closed the blinds, showered and prepared to leave for brunch. On our way out the door we spied a package left by Sue, Mo, Michael, and Sharon. Not wanting to interrupt our sleep they left us a little something as a way of saying "Goodbye".
Opening the box Jan and I saw a note wrapped around a very odd looking pair of eyeglasses. While Janice was only more confused by the note it made everything crystal clear for me.
"Thanks so much for sharing this wonderful time with the 4 of us. You are a beautiful, sexy couple, and we very much enjoyed being a part of your experience and you being part of ours. We leave you this special gift, guaranteed to enhance your future adventures in voyeurism. Luv ya!"
They were night vision goggles. Suddenly it all came into focus. Mike and Mo's military service. The teasing, then fading into black to witness Jan and I unknowingly perform for their peeping pleasure. The near perfect duplication of our sex acts...then baiting us to follow the kind of oral, fucking, and cumming this deviously cunning quartet wanted to watch, now all made perfect sense.
The cocksure hunters had become the clueless prey. It was a brilliant play, with us as the central, sexual players.
As the full realization hit Janice and I our range of emotions took the following track: dumbfounded, miffed, amused, and finally...nervously very excited. We carefully packed the goggles, along with the sizzling memories they would undoubtedly provoke. Both were sure to be recalled and applied at some soon to be determined date.