The leggy, blonde, conservative author was getting nervous. She was moments away from appearing on the highest-rated urban talk show on cable, The Jackie Martin Show. She didn't want to do the show -- she thought it was not the right audience. But her publisher thought different and insisted. Her new book was about the current state of race relations and was highly critical of the current president, welfare, affirmative action and other minority-focused government programs. Red meat for her usual readers. But the people in this studio audience weren't her usual readers.
The Jackie Martin Show was based in Detroit and usually had an audience of all African-Americans. From inside the Green Room she could hear the audience getting warmed-up for the start of the show: There were loud cheers, laughter -- this was not going to be an easy hour. Still, Kim Fairchild felt she could win over even this audience, so strong were her convictions ... and her ego.
There was a rap on the door and a voice called out, "Five minutes, Ms. Fairchild." It was a black voice. Aren't there any white people here, she thought to herself. Her agent was supposed to be with her but he missed his flight so she was going solo, which was not what she was used to. Her previous books had all been bestsellers and she was quite wealthy now, wealthy enough to retire. But she wanted her voice and her point of view to be heard so she kept writing.
Fairchild checked herself one last time in the mirror. At 47 she was still incredibly sexy. About 5'11" and while not as thin as she used to be, she was still nicely in shape from long work-outs, with long blonde hair that fell straight down to the middle of her back. Her large breasts still stood out nicely from her chest, but as she checked her backside she noticed a little bubble adding to her curviness. And, of course, her legs always got the men's attention. Long, lean and toned, with a slight tan. Her black skirt was mid-thigh and her silk blouse and bra were a bit thin. She noticed her hard nipples popping out in the cool air of the Green Room. Because the material was light, there was no way to hide their stiffness.
There was another quick rap on the door, and a different voice, harder. "You ready in there? People are waiting." Fairchild didn't know what to think. The directness was not what she was used to from the fawning cable network she usually appeared on. No, she thought to herself, this is not going to be fun.
Fairchild opened the door to see two big black men standing waiting for her. Each held something in his hand but she couldn't make out what. As her eyes searched their hands, their eyes searched her body, from her legs to her tits and those pointy nipples. "Damn," was all the bigger one said.
Suddenly, the other one moved behind Fairchild and held her hands behind her back. She felt handcuffs snapped on her wrists. Then the bigger one handed over something else to the man behind her -- it was a blindfold -- and he quickly tightened it around her head, covering her eyes.
"What the hell are you doing?!" Fairchild screamed and struggled to throw the blindfold off but it was no use. Next she felt another cloth come down hard in her mouth -- a gag -- and her screams and protests were quickly muffled.
"That's how Jackie likes his bitches," the big one laughed and they started leading Fairchild down a long hallway to the studio.
THE BIG DEBUT
Fairchild was hustled forward and she could sense the sound of the audience getting louder and louder. The air grew thicker but still cool and through the blindfold she could feel the brightness of the stage lights. Then a voice -- loud with anticipation.
"Are you ready?!" It was Jackie's voice. The crowd erupted and it was frightening to Fairchild. Then her two escorts roughly pushed her forward and the crowd erupted again, but this time in boos and catcalls and profanities. Fairchild struggled against the grip of her minders, but to no avail.
"Hold it, people, hold it now," Jackie soothed the audience and they quieted down. "We are gathered here today for a special taping of a very special show. It's a special show -- because we have a very special guest!"
The audience members roared with approval -- then more boos. Fairchild could smell the overwhelming scent of Jackie's cheap cologne. Jackie Martin was a man in his early-50's, tall, muscular, actually quite handsome. He had been a civil rights activist in the Detroit-area before landing his first television gig on a local cable channel. Soon, he was syndicated all across the nation and one of the most popular TV hosts on the air. And his opinions were 180 degrees opposite Kim Fairchild's.
Jackie continued. "How many of you know today's guest?" Boos and hollers. "Have any of you ever read one of her books?" A thunderous "no." He put a hand on Fairchild's back and whispered to her, "This is not your crowd, sister."
Then he chuckled.
"OK, folks. Well, I said we have a special show for you. This one is not going on my usual network -- and for good reason.
Today, we are going to have some fun with a woman who thinks she has all the answers." Boos. "Thinks she knows the hearts of my brothers and sisters." Boos. "Thinks she can write whatever she wants without, um, repercussions." Cheers.
Fairchild swallowed hard. She still didn't want to believe what was happening to her. But it was all very real.
She heard some commotion behind her and the sound of something being wheeled forward. Her minders led her backwards a short distance and she felt hard steel against her back. The minders placed her arms along other steel bars and she felt her wrists strapped with leather bindings. Then her legs were firmly spread wide and were also bound to steel with leather. She imagined what she must look like, spread-eagle in front of the hostile audience. Her skirt rose slightly from the stretching and Fairchild couldn't tell if her thong panties were visible. She could tell the crowd was getting wilder.
There were shouts of "slut" and "whore" and people were noticing her hard nipples. People like Jackie.
"Can you all see those nipples?" he asked the crowd. "I believe she likes being on display for you good people."
Then a shout from the crowd. "Let's see the bitch's titties for real!"
"Oh, you want to see those fine, white tits, do ya? Who wants to come down here and give Jackie a hand?"
The crowd went crazy, yelling and screaming, hands shooting in the air.
Jackie pointed to a woman in her early 20's to come down to the stage. The woman, who said her name was Latisha, was dressed in tight blue jeans and high-heeled boots and a tube top. Her skin was black as coal and her hair was braided.
She wore large hoop earrings and bright red lipstick.
Jackie started talking to the woman. "Now, what do you know about our guest here, Latisha?"
"She a white slut, probably. Look at those big titties, and those hard nipples. Her age dressed like that. I bet her panties are already soaked." The crowd roared in laughter.
"Why don't you tell us if they are," Jackie directed her.
Latisha walked up to Fairchild and stood next to her.
"Why you got to write all that shit?" she said softly to Fairchild. "You hurt people's feelings, you know?"
Fairchild struggled against her bonds and tried to speak through the gag but couldn't. She felt a hand on her stomach, making small circles. The crowd noise started escalating, reacting to Latisha's movements. The girl moved her hand down to Fairchild's skirt, pausing to rub the front of it.
"Go ahead, sweetie," Jackie encouraged her.
Latisha moved her hand under the skirt and because it was stretched the audience had a clear view of Fairchild's panties.
She started rubbing the satiny material and turned to Jackie and smiled.
"Oh, they wet, all right."
Jackie had a big smile on his face. Then he faked a stern voice. "I don't believe you, baby, better bring them to Jackie."
The crowd yelled at that. Latisha grabbed a handful of panty and pulled sharply. The black thong broke free of Fairchild, exposing her shaved pussy to the full audience.
Latisha walked the panties over to Jackie and handed them to the host. He immediately brought them to his nose.
"Mmmmm. Jackie likes that. Now, how can such a vile creature smell so sweet? Does anybody here have a knife?"
A few hands shot up. Jackie pointed to a heavy-set black man of about 35 and motioned him to come on down.
"Let me see the knife, brother." The black man, whose name was Morris, pulled out a knife with about a six-inch blade.
"That'll do. Get up there and cut those clothes off the bitch. I wanna see me some titties!"
Morris made his way to where Fairchild was bound. He was about to start cutting off her blouse but paused to feel her boobs first. He smiled back at the crowd as he spent some time squeezing her large, firm mounds under the thin material.
Fairchild struggled, but it was no use, there was nothing she could do to stop the stranger from feeling her up.
"That's it, Big Mo, get your money's worth!" Jackie called to him. Morris pinched her nipples and slapped at her tits.
Fairchild shook her head back and forth, wincing at the slaps. Then she felt a hand holding her blouse and the sound of ripping silk. Morris was working on the blouse with his knife. He pulled the tattered rags away and Fairchild was in a bra and skirt only. The studio was chilly, her skin had goose bumps and her nipples, of course, were hard as rock.
"So close, my man, so close. Finish the job, dude," Jackie commanded of Morris. Morris turned back to Fairchild and grabbed the strap of her black bra and sliced it easily. He yanked it away from her body and the crowd went wild. Fairchild felt her big tits flopping free and imagined the studio audience gawking at her. She could hear cameras clicking away. She started to cry at her shame and predicament.
"Wow... look at those tits!" Jackie screamed in amazement and the crowd agreed. "Morris, you did a fine job, my man. Get yourself one of those nips."
Morris leaned back over Fairchild and started sucking her nipple, biting it with his teeth.
Despite all that was happening,Fairchild could feel her body responding to the stranger at her nipple. A big, rough hand grabbed her other tit and squeezed and caressed, pinching the nipple. Then, a final hard slap and it was over. Morris took his seat and Jackie approached her.
"Oooh, baby, you are hot for a conservative bitch. Look at those big tits you got." Jackie helped himself to a hand-full.
Despite her breast size, Fairchild's aureola were small and tight, her nipples nicely pointed. The cold air produced sexy goose bumps on her tits, and made the hair on her arms stand up. Her tan lines were well-visible and showed that she wore a quite skimpy bikini when she tanned.
"I need to find out what resort this bitch goes to," Jackie teased the audience, "'cause these would be a sight!" Jackie put hand beneath a breast a held it up for the audience. Fairchild cursed him through the gag, but could do little else.
She had never been put in a situation of complete vulnerability -- Fairchild was always the aggressor, always the one putting others on the defensive, her outer shell unable to be cracked. But mostly she dealt with words. This was far different. And she was scared.
Jackie whispered again to Fairchild. "OK, now comes the fun part."
"So, we've come all this way. Time for a big finish. All the men here today were given a number when y'all came in. Ten of you are going to have a chance to fuck this pretty, white lady." A roar erupted. Fairchild just gulped. Then she tried to struggle again against her bonds but all she did was wear herself out. "My associates will help hold her and when your number is called, just step right up."
Number 67 was the first one called. It belonged to an older man, in his 50's, fat, what was left of his hair was gray. He had a big smile on his face as he bounded from his seat to the stage, the crowd cheering him on.
"Now, let's get her completely naked, get rid of that skirt," Jackie directed a young man on the stage next to Fairchild. He undid her skirt and slipped it off. "Good. Now you guys each grab a leg and hold her up so my man here can get to work."
The two big guys that brought Fairchild out moved forward and untied her ankles and held her leg spread. Both couldn't take their eyes off Fairchild's glistening pussy. Fairchild struggled again, but it was useless. She resigned herself to the humiliation of being taken in front of an audience by complete strangers. She grabbed her wrist restraints and hung on.
Then Jackie spoke again.
"Now, this would be fun to watch as it is. But I think it would be more fun if Miss Fairchild could see all of you, too!" The audience cheered as Jackie went over and removed Fairchild's blindfold.
She blinked her eyes as the harsh studio lights hit her like a flash of lightning. She looked around hurriedly, trying to take it all in: The audience of hundreds; her bastard host with the big grin and the muscular men holding her legs spread. Finally, her eye's fell on Number 67, who was unbuckling his pants in front of her. Fairchild had terror in her eyes, and then lust as she saw the huge member he was sporting, 11 inches of thick, black cock. Fairchild more than once fantasized about black men and their size -- now she would experience many black cocks. In her position, she couldn't trust many men and so sex was not something she could enjoy often for fear of blackmail. A situation that meant she was primed for sexual release.
The man stepped between her spread legs and eased his thick cock into her moist hole. He slowly worked it in deeper and deeper. The crowd yelled approval. Fairchild searched their faces as she felt her vagina spread wider and wider. His thrusts were slow at first, then more rapid, pulling out slowing and pounding back in her pussy hard. He grabbed her ass for support in his thrusting. This lasted three minutes before he screamed his cum into her pussy, string after string filling her. Fairchild closed her eyes and felt her own orgasm hit with full force. The men released her legs and she wobbled to stand again.
"I think she liked that!" Jackie shouted and then laughed, as did the audience. "So she really does love the brothers!"
Fairchild opened her eyes and felt the shame of the strangers' stares. Then she focused on their cheering, they were enjoying her forced sluttiness. She felt the man's cum begin to run down her thigh. Suddenly, Fairchild was overcome by a new feeling of power, the power to turn-on an audience with her body. She didn't smile, but Jackie noticed a new confidence and was amazed at this woman.
"Number 23!" Jackie shouted.
This time a young black man rushed to the stage. No more than 23 himself, he wore sweat pants and a t-shirt. Fairchild could plainly see the bulge. He was huge.
"OK, my brother, you are the lucky guy to get the bitch next. Go to it." Jackie patted the young man on the back as he jogged over to where Fairchild was. She never took her eyes off him, even as he pulled his sweat pants down and his huge dark cock sprang forward.
The big men on each side of Fairchild grabbed her legs again and spread them wide. Number 23 steeped between them and began licking Fairchild's big tits as he played with her clit. Fairchild closed her eyes and began moaning, loudly. She was so turned on she couldn't help it. She opened her eyes and looked at the audience, shouting and howling. Then she felt the head of the 12 inch cock push its way inside her.
"You're gonna get fucked good, slut." Fairchild looked up at the man holding her right leg who had made the comment.
Fairchild couldn't argue. It turned out to be the fuck of her life. The first of several.
It was a long evening. Fairchild of course was fucked by the ten audience members. As a bonus, Jackie let the two stagehands fuck her as well. By that time there was no need to hold her legs open.
Afterward, Jackie had her cleaned up and fitted with a dog collar and high heels.
"That's much better, don't you think?" Jackie asked of her.
"You bastard! You'll never get away with this." Fairchild was getting her fiery spirit back. "I'm going to the police!"
Jackie smiled. "I wouldn't. The videos are ready to go and will hit the Internet in a Nano-second if you mention anything about this. Hear?"
Fairchild knew she was beaten. Jackie reminded her that she looked like she was enjoying the fucking -- a lot. That may not go over well with her people, he told her.
"So what's next?" She asked. Jackie held her leash and admired her body, looking luscious atop the high heels.
"I'm going to let you go. I have a limo out back. Marco, one of the stage hands you so enjoyed will drive you back to your hotel. There are clothes in the limo you can wear. And that's it. Thank you for coming on the show."
Fairchild was furious. Even more so when Jackie handed the leash over to Marco and he led Fairchild out the back door of the studio to the limo. She hoped no one was around but there were a couple homeless men who made comments about her. Marco stopped and forced Fairchild to face them.
"Hold up your big white titties for them." Marco commanded.
Fairchild did as she was told and the homeless men whistled and yelled dirty things to her.
"OK, get in the limo."
Marco got her in back and then walked around to the driver's seat and got it. Fairchild tried to take the collar off but it and the leash were locked. She looked around and didn't see any clothes.
"Hey!" She banged on the divider glass to get Marco's attention. "There are no clothes here."
No response.
The limo started and they began driving through the streets of Detroit. Fairchild was staying at a swanky downtown hotel,but that's not where the limo was going. After and 20 minute drive, Fairchild looked out and saw they were in a run-down neighborhood, with boarded-up buildings and homeless men hanging around on the corners. It was filthy and disgusting.
The limo pulled up at the curb. Fairchild heard Marco open his door and soon her door was opened as well.
"What, what's going on?" Fairchild was scared now.
"Get out, bitch." Marco said harshly. "Jackie thought this would be a better learning experience for you than that four-star hotel." He grabbed her leash and yanked her out of the limo. She stood there on the sidewalk under one of the only working streetlamps trying to cover herself.
"Say brother!" Marco called to a young black man nearby. The man sauntered over and Marco handed him the leash.
"She's all yours."
The man looked at him and then at Fairchild and started grinning.
"No shit?"
"No shit, man. Enjoy."
"Cool. Come on, bitch." The man yanked on Fairchild's leash and led her into the nearest building, which looked like an old apartment that was long shut down, but was in a sorry state.
Fairchild turned to see Marco drive off and her future was uncertain, except that she knew she would soon have another large black cock inside her.
Fairchild eventually made it back to her hotel after spending three days with the young man and his buddies. Never in those three days did she wear anything more than the dog collar. The guys were nice enough to put her in a cab and she was taken to her hotel, but not before the Middle Eastern cab driver spent two loads inside her in exchange for some clothes from some dollar store near where he picked her up.
She told her manager the following day she had met an old college friend and had spent the days at her apartment catching up. She told him she lost her cell phone and had forgot his number. The manager moved on to business talk but
Fairchild said she was planning to take some time off. Already, her woman's intuition told her a baby was growing in her belly and nine months from now she would give birth.