I like watching my wife being fucked.
That doesn't make me a cuckold. A cuckold doesn't like his wife having sex with someone else, but for one reason or another, doesn't or can't stop her. As for me, I like seeing my wife underneath another man, or a woman, her legs spread wide, enjoying being given a good fucking and made to climax. I know that after he has cum and pulled out of her, she will want me to fuck her. Unless that is, I'm already fucking the other man's wife.
We've been married for twenty years. A few years ago, after that length of time sex had reduced to once, perhaps twice a month and although I didn't realise it then, had become routine for her, doing it mainly to please me. It wasn't like that to begin with. We had been seeing each other socially for a couple of months before she let me fuck her. Not that I hadn't tried earlier, but all she allowed was some heavy petting, kissing, stroking her tits and rubbing her crotch while we were on the sofa at her place. It wasn't that she didn't like it. Once she even rubbed herself against my hard cock trapped in my Jeans, not stopping in time so that I creamed my pants much to her delight, while I complained that I hated having wet, soggy pants and a limp dick. Eventually, when she was round at my place and my other flat-mates were away, she told me to pull her panties down and make love to her.
Before she met me, she hadn't had great experiences with sex. She'd lost her virginity as soon as she turned 18, the legal age for where she lived. Two weeks after her birthday, she foolishly accepted an invitation to go to a party in the park with the seniors at school who must have known that she had just had her birthday. One vodka and coke too many and she allowed an older boy to take her into the bushes. He was experienced and made her very horny by kissing and stroking her. He was strong, wouldn't take no for an answer and she let him pull her panties down. He pushed her legs open wide, took his hard cock out, got on top of her, popped her cherry and fucked her. She hadn't really enjoyed it but what was worse was the jeering laughter of the older girls when she re-joined the group. After that, she hadn't let anyone fuck her until she left school and went to college. She started having sex with her first boyfriend at college and enjoyed it but he found someone else and left her. The same thing happened with a second boyfriend before she met me, so she was cautious about letting another boy have sex with her.
However, she liked what I did to her. After that first time with me, every time she saw me she wanted me to fuck her. Those were the days when you didn't move in together. When she finished college and we could have gone our separate ways, instead we got married. Those first few years were great. I fucked her every night when we went to bed. Sometimes she also wanted to make love on the sofa earlier in the evening when we were watching TV. Sunday mornings we had sex till noon, fucking our brains out, only getting up to catch one of the lunch-time specials at a local restaurant. The arrival of children stopped the Sunday mornings. The children and her increasing responsibilities at work were tiring her, reducing the frequency of sex during the week.
We survived the second round of the seven year itch, 14 years of marriage. I felt I wasn't getting anything like the amount of sex I wanted; she said that I was cumming too quickly and she wasn't getting an orgasm any longer, so was losing interest. Two years later, I discovered internet dating wasn't just for singles. A couple of false starts and I arranged to meet someone for a coffee, hopefully more, during an extended lunch-break from work. It turned out that she was married too, her husband was often away for long periods in a job he really liked and didn't want to give up, so they agreed that she could meet another man for sex, but only for sex. Over coffee, when I realised that she wanted it at that moment as much as I did, I suggested we go to a motel. She agreed. We checked in to a motel nearby and immediately got into bed together. That was the start of a two year friendship, meeting every month and continuing until her husband's job changed and they were able to have sex together more often so that she didn't need my cock. I met two more women off the dating site, seeing them for about three months each, before having a period with no luck.
When a woman, Rae, said that she was willing and we could do it at her place, but that her husband, Jack, would be there, I was wanting sex so much that I agreed. We sat having coffee while they looked me over. I must have passed, because they suggested that the three of us go into their bedroom but they wanted me to strip naked to let them make a final decision. When I was undressed, I stood before them with a hard, erect cock and sucking my stomach in. Rae was a strong featured woman, big boned and, as I was to discover, physically strong too. She took hold of my cock, fondled it and squeezed my balls before saying that she wanted it. I got into bed and she quickly stripped before joining me. I was to kiss and suck her nipples, stroke her clit and finger her. I soon ignored her hubby watching us and when she was ready, slid my cock into her warm pussy. I'd like to say that I fucked her long and hard, but she soon started moving beneath me and made me cum. After I pulled out, her hubby, who now was also naked with a big, erect cock, mounted her and started fucking her. He didn't last all that long either and when he had pumped his load into her, pulled out and went into the next room to watch the game on TV.
Rae and I stayed in bed talking. She asked a few questions about my wife, but mainly we talked about what we liked to do for sex. I found out that she was very bisexual and liked making another woman climax. She was pulling and stroking my cock and after about three-quarters on an hour I became hard enough to get back into her. This time I had more control and was able to fuck her to an intense climax which made me cum at the same time.
I'd never had a three-some before. Watching her hubby fuck her was a turn-on. When she suggested that we do it again in a couple of weeks I quickly agreed. Two more three-somes followed, then Jack changed shifts and she and I had one-on-one sex a couple of times more. The third time was when she started asking about my wife.
"How often does she want you to give it to her," Rae asked.
"About once a month, sometimes twice," I'd replied.
"She's bored with your cock. Is she getting it with another man?"
"No!" I protested loudly.
"I'll bet that you would enjoy watching her being fucked," Rae said. "Jack would like to fuck her. I'd like to do her as well. You wouldn't mind, would you?"
"Er, I don't know" I spluttered. By now Rae had hold of my cock, which she had stroked until it was big and hard. All I could think about at that moment was slipping it into her.
"Talk to her about having a foursome with us. You will do, won't you, and let us know the next time you come here." Of course I agreed, and Rae rolled onto her back and opened her legs for me.
During the following week, Rae messaged me asking how I'd got on asking my wife. I'd not done anything about it, hoping it would go away. Rae told me not to be a coward and made it clear that future sex with her depended on me asking. That evening while watching the TV, I plucked up enough courage to ask my wife if she would like a foursome, not mentioning anyone specific. As I expected, I received a sharp and definitive "No!"
Rae let me meet her when I told her that I had asked. In the middle of sex with her, before I started fucking her and while she was holding my throbbing cock, she brought up the subject again.
"I thought your wife would say 'no'," Rae said, "but the idea of another man is now in the back of her mind. Here's what you do next. When are you likely to be allowed to fuck her again?"
"Probably this weekend. We haven't done it for a while," I replied.
"OK. Take your time with the foreplay. Don't rush! Rub her clit and make sure that she is really wanting it. Before you slide your cock into her, tell her how much you adore her, how attractive she is, how you're sure many other men would want her and you wouldn't mind if she let them, provided you two would always make love. Then don't say anything more, don't wait for a reply, just fuck her."
"OK," I said very uncertainly, thinking only of fucking Rae.
"Make sure that you do. She'll know then that you won't mind if she has another man," Rae told me.
"Yes, yes, certainly," I replied feeling even more uncertain.
At that, Rae pulled at my cock, indicating I should mount her.
"Get it in me, give it to me." So I did.
That Saturday when we were in bed, my wife indicated that we could have sex together. Perhaps it was nervousness about having to say to her what Rae had told me, more likely it was because I'd pumped my load into Rae, twice, just three days earlier, but I didn't feel in such a need to rush as sometimes I did. The foreplay went well, teasing her, sucking her nipples which she particularly liked, stroking her clit, making her very horny. I got on top of her and before I slid my cock into her waiting pussy, said the words Rae had told me to. Then I slid my cock into her, began kissing her so that she couldn't say anything and started fucking her with long, slow strokes. As we both headed towards a climax, the thrusts became harder, faster until we came at the same time, with grunts and moans from us both as my cum spurted through my cock into her pussy while she came.
Rae was keen to find out if I had followed her instructions, so I rang the following Monday to tell her that I had, hoping that she would invite me round later in the week for more hot sex. No such luck.
"You need to bring your wife round to our place," Rae told me. "What about this coming Saturday?"
"Er, we can't , we're going into town shopping," I said, in part relieved that it was actually a true excuse, but for the other part, disappointed.
"OK. Then make it Sunday afternoon," Rae told me firmly. "I know that you're not doing anything, because you were wanting to come round and fuck me. Say that we are inviting the two of you round for a coffee. "
"Er, er. OK then, I'll try to get her to agree to come and see you and Jack," I mumbled, wondering what I was getting into, and having visions of a lawyer's letter the following Monday asking for a divorce, my money and the house.
"It will be alright," Rae reassured me. "We'll get a couple of glasses of wine into her, and I'm sure I can persuade her to let me and Jack fuck her. Either that, or she won't be willing and the next day you'll get a letter from her lawyer, asking for a divorce, your money and the house." Rae knew very well what I was thinking and had a horrible sense of humour. She also knew that she had me by my balls.
My wife was quite willing to go round to Jack and Rae's house on the Sunday afternoon. I'd told her that I'd met Jack through work and he had invited us for a social coffee. When we got there, Rae was drinking a glass of wine, with the bottle sitting there, invitingly. It was a good quality dry white and I saw that it had a high alcoholic content. Rae asked us if we would like to join her with a glass while she put on the coffee. I said yes that we would and my wife didn't disagree.
After admiring the garden through the window, Rae sat my wife on the sofa, while Jack and I occupied a chair each. When the coffee was made, Rae joined my wife on the sofa, sitting at the other end. We drank the coffee and the wine, just making the usual polite conversation. When my wife's glass was almost empty, Rae finished hers, stood up and said that she didn't want the wine left in the bottle to sit there and she and my wife should finish it. She didn't wait for my wife to say yes, but quickly refilled both their glasses, emptying the bottle. I could see that my wife's glass was fuller than Rae's, while Jack and I weren't offered any more, as I was driving. At least, that was Rae's excuse. The wine was very good, so my wife had no problem starting on her second glass.
It was only when the two women had nearly finished their second glass that Rae made her move. My wife wasn't at all drunk, but the alcohol was having its effect as the talk grew animated and the laughter increased. Up till then, there had been no mention of sex, but Rae cleverly switched the conversation to relationships, saying that Jack was often away and that she didn't know what he got up to when away.
"I don't really care, either," Rae said. "Just so long as he is discrete, doesn't embarrass me and is still willing when he is at home."
"I wouldn't like that," my wife said.
"What's the harm?" Rae asked. "What you don't know about won't hurt you."
"True," my wife had replied, "But I'm sure that I would find out."
"It still wouldn't hurt me if I did find out, provided Jack made love to me and satisfied me when I want it. What about your husband?" Rae asked my wife. "He's away sometimes for work isn't he. What would be wrong if he had some fun and scratched an itch. For that matter, they couldn't complain if you or I had a man while they were away. I'm all for woman's rights."
"Oh, I don't know," my wife said, clearly uncertain but not entirely ruling out the thought.
"Or we could have sex with another woman. Women know how to please each other more than a man does, don't you agree?"
"Oh definitely," my wife said, as much to irritate me as anything. "I still only want my husband, though."
"I prefer Jack too," Rae had replied, "but a little variety keeps the spark alive."
"You've got a nice figure, nice breasts," said Rae, leaning towards my wife and placing a hand on one of my wife's tits. She lifted it up and rolled it gently, making the nipple rub against the inside of the bra-cup. I knew my wife liked having that done to her, I'd done it to her often before persuading her to let me fuck her.
"Hey! Don't do that," my wife said instead.
She tried to move Rae's hand away. She could have pushed Rae away more strongly and shouted, but she didn't. Rae stopped stroking the tit, took my wife's chin in her hand and turned her face towards her so that she could kiss her. Instinctively my wife opened her mouth allowing Rae to thrust her tongue into it. Rae had pushed my wife against the back of the sofa, pinning her nearest arm between them so that she had only one hand free.
"Mmmmm," was all my wife could say, as Rae's tongue did its work inside her mouth. Rae's hand was back stroking my wife's tit. My wife didn't know whether to push Rae's face or her hand away and did neither effectively. Rae let go of the tit and ran her hand down my wife's body to her thigh. Before she knew it, Rae had pushed her hand between my wife's legs, squeezing and rubbing her crotch. Rae was much stronger than my wife and determined, pinning her against the sofa so that she was unable to stop what was being done to her. Whether it was the alcohol, or what I'd said to her about how I didn't mind her having sex or Rae's seduction, or a combination of all three but I knew that my wife was becoming horny. Rae wasn't letting my wife say no, trapping her against the sofa while she continued to kiss her and rub her crotch. I watched as my wife was being forced, her resistance becoming weaker and weaker as her pussy became wet.
You could see the moment my wife realised that she was going to be fucked and thought "Why not?" She stopped trying to resist. Her legs parted wider, allowing Rae the freedom to rub her crotch better, all the while kissing her with her tongue deep in my wife's mouth. Soon my wife was moving in response to Rae's hand. A few moments more and Rae undid the buttons on my wife's jeans and pushed a hand down inside her panties. A finger found her clit which was gently but firmly stroked before Rae slid her finger into my wife's waiting pussy. After a while Rae stopped kissing, raised her head towards Jack and said
"She's ready for fucking now. Pull her jeans off, get your cock out and get it into her."
My wife let Rae pull her down flat on the sofa while Jack pulled her jeans off, then her panties. Jack undid the belt and flies of his own jeans, pulling his large, hard, erect cock out. Rae continued to hold my wife down on the sofa just in case she should have second thoughts, stroking her tits all the time. Jack spread her legs wider, slid his cock into her wet pussy and began fucking her. He didn't last all that long before giving a groan as he came and pumped his load into her.
"Come on. Pull your cock out. It's my turn to do her," Rae told Jack.
Jack did as he was told, moving away. Rae slid her finger into my wife's wet pussy and began to finger-fuck her hard. She brought her to a climax with my wife exclaiming "Oh fuck, oh fuck ," as she was made to cum not once but twice in the most intense orgasm she had had for many years.
Rae stood up and moved over to where I was sitting.
"My turn now," she said.
She undid my belt and flies, pulling my cock out. She pulled her own panties down and sat on me, guiding my cock into her so that she could ride me. She was doing a reverse cow-girl, with her back towards me while facing my wife who was intently watching my cock go in and out of Rae's pussy. I had no control over what was happening and I soon came, spurting into Rae as she emptied my balls. As she levered herself off my limp cock, a mixture of my cum and her love-juice oozed out of her pussy, dripping onto me.
As we were leaving, Rae took my wife aside to say something to her. I caught the words "this Wednesday." Earlier in the conversation my wife had mentioned that she usually had Wednesday off work. My wife nodded and I knew that the two women had agreed to meet again. That night in bed, I was surprised when my wife rubbed herself against me as she used to do whenever she wanted sex. My cock went hard and I slid it into her after making sure that her pussy was wet and ready for it. As I had cum that afternoon, I was in no hurry. I fucked with long, slow strokes until both of us came together, something that I realised we hadn't done for a long while.
Wednesday night in bed, the same thing happened. I knew that my wife had seen Rae and had had sex, but if I was going to get it frequently as a result, I didn't mind at all. I found out later that Jack had come home and my wife had let him fuck her again before Rae did her.
We went round to Jack and Rae's again on Sunday. This time we went straight to the bedroom where all four of us stripped naked. The two women lay on their backs side by side on the bed. We had some foreplay then Jack started fucking my wife while I fucked Rae. Afterwards, us two men watched as the two women played together, once again with Rae being the dominant woman.
Over the next couple of months we went round to Jack and Rae's each weekend for sex. My wife also went to see Rae each Wednesday and as often as not was fucked by Jack as well. They introduced us to another couple they played with and we had group sex with all six of us. I fucked the woman, while my wife let both the woman's partner and Jack fuck her, one after the other. After they had pumped their sperm into her, she and Rae played with the woman, my wife kissing her and squeezing her nipples and Rae giving her a hard finger fucking to make her cum while my wife still had her tongue deep in her mouth. Jack also introduced his friend Mike at one of our weekend sessions, to provide an extra cock. My wife was willing to let Mike fuck her as well as Jack, while I continued to play with Rae. Mike began to be a regular at these sex sessions, but I didn't pay any attention to my wife always enthusiastically letting him fuck her.
What I didn't know was that Mike began to meet with my wife and Rae for their mid-week sex, fucking my wife while Rae watched and suggested things that they should do. My wife liked Mike's cock so much that they began to meet one on one as well, so that often they were fucking three times a week. A year after we had first met Rae and Jack, my wife told me that she preferred what Mike did to her over what I did. That's when I found out how often she had been seeing him. It's also when she gave me her lawyer's letter asking for a divorce, my money and the house.
So maybe I was a cuckold after all.