Last Day
POV:
Hello, my name is Emma and I am a senior at Miami University. I'm 5'5 with dirty blonde hair, B cup sized boobs, and my friends love saying I'm slim thick. I have three tattoos with my last one coming on my 21st birthday a few weeks ago. They are on my left ankle, behind my right ear, and left wrist.
Come join me on my last day of undergrad. I hope you enjoy!
Story:
Beep, Beep, Beep, Beep.
*Turns off alarm
I yawn as I notice the time on my alarm, it's 8:30am. Today is the big day, my last day of undergrad. I've been waiting for this day for the last 4 years and I cannot be more excited. From the parties to the late night study sessions with my girl friends, college has been amazing.
I have one class today, but I have to find a graduation dress sometime soon. My class is at 10am, so I have plenty of time to wash clothes and clean up the house. After my sophomore year, three of my girlfriends and I decided to live off-campus together. It's been fun every since. Each of us have different majors, but we all study and party together. Sometimes our fun times can be heard as well... our house has very thin walls.
Thinking of this, I noticed I left my vibrator on my dresser last night. As I start to put it in my dresser, I remember how I wasn't able to use it. Last night, my roommate, Ashley, needed help moving out. By the time we finished, I was too tired to do anything.
*Clock turns 8:45am
I do have some time to enjoy myself before class. My mind starts to reminisce about the last time I had sex. Jason was my sneaky link and someone who treated me right. His dick was 8" long and thick so it was a major plus. One night he was over and things got steamy. He was kissing me behind my ear as he was fucking me in the laying down doggy position. I could hear his moans as he slide in and out of me. Each stroke stretching me out, filling me up with his dick. The strokes felt so good as he fucked me. Thinking about him moaning in my ear is turning me on. As we switched positions, he told me how good my pussy was and how he couldn't wait to cum for me. He laid me on my back, placed my legs on his shoulders and started to fuck me. I could feel how wet I was getting from this position. We locked eye contact with one another before I watched him slide in and out of me. He picked up his pace and started fucking me harder. As he slides fully in me, I can feel myself getting closer to cumming. I told him to fuck me harder. He kisses me as he starts to cum inside of me. I kissed him harder in return as my orgasm rushed through me. I can still remember the feeling of his dick being balls deep inside of me as he filled me with cum. I loved every second of it.
Being lost in my thoughts, I start to rub my body, slowly rubbing my boobs. I love when they are played with. I slip one of my hands underneath my shirt to massage them. I can feel myself getting turned on... I slip my other hand underneath the covers, reaching my underwear.
Being teased is one of my favorite things. As I'm massaging my pussy, I couldn't help but to let out a soft moan. This feels really good, I can feel myself getting wetter. I take my underwear off and grab my vibrator. I couldn't help but grin as I turned it on, knowing my pussy has been begging for this. Placing it on me, I can feel the vibrations rushing through my body. My hips start to grind against it. I'm holding it tightly against me, feeling myself getting closer to cumming. My moans start to get louder. I close my eyes and become lost in the moment. I'm about to cum. Fuck, my orgasm rushes through me in waves. I slip out a loud moan as I'm cumming. This is feeling too good.
I turned my vibrator off once my body settled down. I open my eyes and can feel the instant relief in my body. I lay there for a few minutes before turning my vibrator back on, I'm still really horny. I press my vibrator hard against me, letting the vibrations rush through my body. I grab a handful of my sheets as the sensation gets stronger. My body doesn't take long to cum again. I let out a long moan as my orgasm rushes through me. The rush leaves me exhausted and feeling good. I love cumming twice because it leaves me feeling great afterwards.
I lay my head back and my legs flat. I rub hands across my body, feeling how hard my nipples are and how wet I am. My thoughts start to wonder on if anyone was home or did anyone hear me. Only Jessica and I live on the second floor, so hopefully she's not home. It's okay if she did. It wouldn't be the first time she heard me or me hearing her. My roommates and I are pretty open with our sex lives.
*Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep
*Second alarm goes off, it's 9:15am.
I have to get ready, so I get up and head for a quick shower. After my shower and drying off, I slide on a matching pair of underwear and a bra. The outfit for today is black leggings and a t shirt with my university on it. It's 9:30 before I leave the house, just enough time to stop at the Starbucks on campus!
During class, I could only think about how many times I came this morning and how I'm wanting more. I wish I could take care of myself now, but maybe I can do it later after shopping. Luckily, we were only turning in our final projects today. I needed a 60 on it to pass the class with an A so I'm not too worried about it. I say my final goodbyes to Dr. Clark and some of my classmates on the way out. It feels weird knowing my last class as an undergrad just ended. While heading to the store, I could help but reflect on the last four years.
*Enters Macy's Department Store
Macy's always fascinated me with their clothing options. The aura of the store always places me in high spirits. After searching through their dress selection, I picked out two knee high dresses to try on. One is white while the other is blue.
Once I was inside the changing room, I take my shirt off then my leggings. I didn't realize how wet I was until I seen the damp spot in my underwear. Thinking about this morning did turn me on a lot. I've always been secretly into being naughty in public places. I stood in front of the mirror as I think about how naughty I can be.
I start to slowly rub my hands across my body. Playing with myself in inappropriate places turns me on. I use to love when my ex teased me in public. I slip my hand inside of my underwear to massage my pussy. I easily slip one finger inside then a second one, fuck I'm so wet. A moan slipped out as I start to pick up speed. I cover my mouth as I start to finger myself harder. In the mirror, I couldn't help but notice how much I'm enjoying this. I could feel myself getting wetter as time went by. Picking up pace, the ecstasy rolls over. I drop to my knees as I cum in waves. My body shakes as my body finish cumming. Fuck, I've never came like this before. I'm breathing hard as I'm trying to regain myself. I couldn't help but notice how soaked my fingers were including where I was kneeling. My mind is loving the sensation of being naughty in public.
Before I could stand up, I hear a knock on the door...
A lady asked me "Are you okay, dear? I heard someone fell."
*Breathing hard
Me: "Yes, I'm okay, my phone dropped so I tried catching it."
Lady: "Okay, baby. Be safe"
Me: "I will, thank you!"
Okay, that was a close one. Surprising enough, it just turns me on more knowing I was almost caught. I stand up with the biggest grin on my face. I continue trying on the two dresses... settling on the white one. I got dressed and proceeded to the cash register to pay.
Lady Cashier: "Did you find everything you were looking for?"
Me: "Yes, I'm happy I found this cute dress."
Cashier: "I agree, it's very pretty. What is the occasion?"
Me: "It's my dress for graduation. I'm graduating next week."
Cashier: "Congratulations, I wish you the best. Your total is $25.07. Would you like to pay with debit or credit."
Me: "Thank you so much. Debt please."
Cashier: "You're welcome and I hope you have a wonderful day."
Me: "Thank you, you as well. Also, I spilled some of my water in the dressing room by accident."
Cashier: "Okay, I will have someone clean it up. Thank you."
I couldn't help but smile when I got in my car. Being naughty is fun. Maybe I should more things in public the next time out. I wonder what I could do next.