*** This is the continuation of Annie's Addiction. I got a lot of positive feedback and requests to continue Annie's exploration of her newfound addiction to cocks and how they can make her feel. I hope you like it and I welcome your thoughts. ***
I can't believe it was only two weeks ago that I experienced my first real cock. And what a cock it was. If you are interested, read about it in Annie's Addiction. After that fateful night, I vowed to learn as much as I could about the allusive cock and what it could do to me and for me. And learn I did. in fact, these past couple of weeks have been quite the learning experience. I learned three important lessons. One, the big muscular guy in my Chemistry class did NOT have as large a cock as I thought a guy that size would have. Two, the black guy on the floor above me in my dorm proved that not all black guys have large cocks. Three, when you are a relatively attractive woman with a great rack, you don't have to try very hard to get cock. That third lesson is by far the most important one that I learned, LOL. It is also the lesson which started me on the path to see just how many cocks I could sample. My goal in three words, ALL OF THEM.
I know I can't try all of them, LOL. But a girl can dream. Can't she? And right now, I am dreaming about that hunky blonde guy across the bar, sitting at a table with two friends. Well, to be completely honest, I am dreaming about the guy AND his two friends. My GOD, did I just think that??? Could I do that? Would I do that? Hmmm, these are all good questions. I guess the only way to find out is to try. "There is no try, only do or do not..." Get out of my head Yoda!!!
Looking down at my 36DDs, which are looking amazing in this top, while being pushed up and out by and equally amazing bra, I think, "Yes, the force is DEFINITELY with me." This thought has me smiling like the Cheshire Cat, as I walk over to my possible party of three. As I get closer, I start to wonder if I can actually go through with this. How does one go about asking a group of guys if they want to share me like an order of hot wings? Ouch, probably not a good analogy. I can only imagine the burn if I got hot sauce in my cootchie. However, I do wonder how yummy a cock would taste with some Buffalo sauce on it? Stop thinking Annie!!! Keep your mind on the prize... prizes... three cocks, no waiting...
The hunky guy that I have been trading glances with for the last half hour, is watching me like a hawk, the whole way over. His knowing grin has me a bit distracted. He clearly is a guy that has never had a problem picking up girls, and this is definitely not the first time a girl has made the first move and approached him. That fucking grin is sort of pissing me off a little and is probably what makes me change my approach tactic and lean into a very possibly disastrous course of action.
"Hi, I'm Annie, the girl you are going home with tonight," I say, as I throw my hand out for him to shake. He stands there stunned, looking from my hand to my face and back down to my hand. I smile to myself, that I am able to throw him off his stud game.
Finally, he is able to recover his composure, and he takes my hand, telling me, "Nice to meet you. I am James, the guy who is going to rock your world."
"DAMN, I love and hate this guy's confidence," I think to myself, as I smile and jump up on the empty stool at their table. As I mount the stool, I ensure that my short skirt flips up just enough that the guys across from me can easily see the tops of my thigh high stockings and the straps of my black lace garter.
James introduces his two friends, Dave and Charles, then the three of them spend about 15 minutes telling my boobs all about themselves and what they are majoring in. I guess it's my own fault. I did dress with the intent of presenting them, so to speak. Of the three of them, Charles is by far the most obvious about staring at my chest. Of course, as I start thinking more about them staring at my tits, the more I am getting excited about it. Of course, my damned nipples respond in the way they always do. I actually see Charles' eyes get wide with surprise, as my nipples get VERY hard and VERY big in my tight, clingy top.
Addressing the elephant in the room, I tell them all, "If you think they look big now, just wait until you see them with my bra off." The looks on their faces are priceless. I can see that I have shocked them, and that they are all a little embarrassed, feeling like they got busted (yes, pun intended) staring at my tits. I can also see that they are intrigued that I may seriously be offering to show them my girls.
I wish I could blame my brazen slutiness on too much alcohol, but to be honest, I had been milking the same beer for quite a while. So, I am damn near stone cold sober, when I clarify, "Yes... you CAN see them... you can feel them even... if you are interested..." Deciding to go all in, I blurt out, "We can sit here all night and you can spend a lot of money buying me drinks, hoping ONE of you can take me home, or we can all just leave now and go someplace private, where ALL of you can take me home and help me fulfill a fantasy of mine..."
Obviously shocked, James asks, "Seriously??? All of us??? Right now???"
Running my hand up to cup my left breast and tease the obviously hard nipple with my finger and thump, I ask them, "Do these nipples look like they lie?" Then I tell them, "The offers on the table... Take it now or I start looking for another group of hot guys... The night is still young...," I tease, as I start to look around.
They fall all over themselves grabbing their coats, as James hurries to the bar to settle the bill. I am not gonna lie, I am unsteady on my heels as I walk to the door between Charles and Dave. Seeing me teetering on my heels, they each reach an arm around me and hold me steady. I would say that this was a gentlemanly gesture, if each of them wasn't "accidentally" crowding my boobs with their hands.
As the cool outside air hits my VERY hot and flushed face, I wonder, "What the FUCK are you doing Annie????" My fight or flight response is kicking in HARD. The hands now cupping each of my boobs, makes flight seem unlikely, and the size of these three men makes fighting, an equally unlikely option. Then I realize that the old expression is not complete, as most people know it. I realize that for me it is, fight or flight or fuck... and fuck sounds soooooo much better than the other two options.
We stop at the corner of the building and wait for James to catch up. I notice that there is an alley between the bar building and the one next door. I think it is one of those touristy gift shops. Well, who really cares? It is the dark scary alley that really interests me. On a whim, I suggest, "You know, we don't have to go all the way to your house, when we have such a nice, secluded alley right here," I say as I point down the alley.
They all look at each other and the grins are infectious. Each clearly likes the idea of getting down to some nasty business right away. I think my feet actually lift off the ground as they whisk me into the darkness. I actually think those words "whisked into the darkness". I wonder if this is merely descriptive or metaphorical. Then I realize, "Who fucking cares?"
To be honest, it is not completely black, here in the alley. In fact, right above where we stop, there is a bare light beaming down on me. It makes me feel like I am a stripper on the main stage with a spotlight on me. Going with that vibe, I start to sway my hips, which swings my skirt around my exposed legs, very sensually. To turn up the heat, I run my hands over my body suggestively, dancing to music only I can hear. Yes, in my head I am picturing Jammie Lee Curtis dancing in "True Lies". As IF I could be half as sexy as she was.
I must be doing a pretty good job though, because I look up and see three sets of eyes are WIDE open and looking at me like they are starving, and I am a mouthwatering steak. Mmmm, I sure hope they eat me like they are starving... To make sure that they have a BIG appetite, I teasingly grab the hem of my top and shimmy it up my tight stomach, giving them repeated underboob glimpses of my black lace bra. I love watching their eyes follow my top up and down... up and down... each time going just a little bit higher... each time promising more and more black lace encased boobs. Then with a quick flip up of my arms, I pull my top all the way up, exposing my impressive rack. This would have been incredible sexy, if my head hadn't gotten caught in my top, causing me to flail around blindly, trying to get the damn thing off.
Thank God none of them laughed out loud, and they had the good sense to not be grinning like jackals, when I finally freed myself. Frustrated, I toss the top on the top of a closed dumpster. Trying to recover my dignity... Can one be dignified while stripping for a group of guys in a dirty alley? Well, let's assume one can... So, to recover my dignity, I turn my back to them and make a sexy show of unbuttoning my skirt and slowly, seductively lowering the zipper. It must be working because I hear one of them say "Fuck YEAH," when the back of my skirt opens, and the waist strap of my garter belt and the small triangle of my black lace thong reveal themselves. I wiggle my rather full round butt, as I pull the skirt open and peel it over my hips. After letting it hang there for a moment, just flashing them glimpses of the nicely visible gap between my thighs, I drop it, letting it fall to the dirty floor of the alley.
Spreading my legs, I bend at the waist to pick my skirt up. The cool air on my wet thong strap causes JOLTS of shivers to shoot from my rapidly swelling pussy lips and puckered butt hole STRAIGHT through my abdomen. "My GOD this is exciting. I could DEFINITELY get hooked on this feeling," I think to myself. Then I think, "If this is what strippers feel when they are dancing for a crowd of guys, I definitely need to think about trying that."
Turning around, I feel like my audience is getting antsy, so I suggest, "Maybe one of you can help me get this bra off..." They actually shove each other as they each tries to get to me first. James, clearly the Alpha of this pack of wolves, asserts his right, and pulls me towards him. He actually slams me against his chest, as he reaches around to unclasp my bra. My GOD his chest is hard and muscled, and I may have leaked just a little right now, thinking about the sheer masculine dominance of this man taking what he wanted like that.
While I am slightly stunned and lost in my momentary lust filled moment of submission, he steps back and releases my bra. The straps slide down my arms and the cups almost POP off of my full tits. The feeling of the sudden cool air on my VERY hot and VERY sensitive nipples gives me electric shocks of pleasure, and if it is humanly possible, my nipples actually get harder and larger.
Crossing my arms under them, I cup each of my tits with my hands, and hold them up for my adoring audience. I tease my nipples with my thumbs, as I wink at them and ask, "Well, are you just going to stare, or would you rather feel them for yourself? Maybe see how they taste?" I ask as I raise my right tit up until I can suck the nipple into my mouth. Still looking at them, I bite my nipple and GASP, as I realize just how fucking great that feels right now, and how much I want to feel all of their hands and mouths and teeth on my tits and nipples.
Charles, my boobs biggest fan from earlier, decides to make the first move. Apparently he is a BIG fan of boobs in general and he DEFINITELY knows his way around a pair of tits. He is a blur as his hands and mouth move over my tits and sensitive nipples. He is doing this suck and blow and suck and BITE thing to my nipple that actually makes me SCREAM out in pleasure. Yes, I actually came from him doing, whatever the FUCK that was, to my tits.
I must have been lost in what Charles was doing, because I don't even remember James sliding my thong aside and slipping his fingers in my slippery pussy. He is full on finger fucking me, as he grabs my right hand and places it on his large and very exposed cock. "When did he get that out???" I wonder, just before I realize, "My GOD that thing is BIG... It is such a hand full. I can't touch my palm with my fingers." I weigh it in my small hand and SQUEEZE around it. James must like this because he rewards me by fingering me faster and harder.
Through blurry eyes, I look over at poor Dave, who is hesitant to join the party. With my free hand, I reach out and give him a come-hither motion with my finger. He is not stupid. He comes hither, LOL. I don't even wait for him to get his head in the game, I reach for his zipper and fumble it down and clumsily reach in to release his hound. I am pleased with what I find in his pants. "That dog will DEFINITELY hunt," I think as I pull his well above average cock out and stroke it to its fully hard size.
I smile thinking that until a couple of weeks ago, I had never even seen a real cock. Now I have one in each hand, and they are quite impressively large. It is easy to say that these are the largest cocks I have ever felt, since I have felt a total of three, so far. My total is now five and there is still one more here to unwrap. Yes, I am thinking of them as presents I am unwrapping. With no more hands left to unwrap my final present, I wake Charles from his revery of my tits, and tell him, "Hey Charles, you seem to be the only one with no skin in the game... so to speak... Do you have something to hide? Small dick maybe?"
Backing up, he tells me, "I'll show you a small dick you fucking whore". Then he proceeds to pull out a very nice sized cock. He is not as big as James, but definitely larger than Dave. He is definitely in the middle, between James and Dave... which makes me a bit jealous, because that is where I want to be... in the middle, between James and Dave... and Charles... Hmmm, the possibilities...
Snapping me out of my revery, Charles grabs a handful of my long auburn hair and twists my head to the side and then down, telling me, "Suck my cock bitch! Feel how "small" it is". The way he twists my head, makes me lose balance and the only reason I don't fall completely to the ground is because he is lowering me to my knees, by my hair. I am not sure why I never even thought about releasing my hands from James' and Dave's cocks, to stop my fall. I guess it is lucky for all f us, that I didn't rip their dicks off involuntarily. So, at least no cocks were hurt, in the making of this picture... Hmmm, pictures, that would be fucking amazing to have this all on film. Oh well, next time maybe...
So, here I am with a big cock staring me in the face, while I also have one in each hand. My official total is now six cocks. "Not bad," I think to myself, "I doubled my number in just one night." Apparently, I am taking too long thinking about my success, because Charles starts slapping his cock back and forth across my face. It actually feels like I am being hit with a soft club and it makes a nice solid THUD sound each time it hits my face. I am truly impressed by the sheer weight of the damn thing. As I open my mouth to say something clever about it, he shoves the big thick thing right into my mouth. I would say that I choked on my words, but I am pretty sure it was the thick cock, that pushed all the way in until it hit the soft spot in the back of my throat. And choke I did.
He relentlessly keeps pushing his cock into my throat, even though he can clearly see that I am about to choke to death. I instinctively try to release the cocks in my hands, so that I can use my hands to prevent my imminent death by penis asphyxiation. However, James and Dave grab my hands with theirs and keep my hands on their respective dicks. "What the FUCK???" Did these guys choreograph this dance?" I think to myself, as I finally get control of my choking and can relax my mouth and throat enough to actually start to enjoy the feeling of Charels' cock. I even find a nice rhythm where I am bobbing on his cock, while stroking the other two.
Charles suddenly pulls away. His cock pulls from my sucking mouth with an audible POP. He looks down at me and tells me, "I want to feel those big ass tits around my cock." Then he grabs my tits and squishes them around his cock. I have to admit, it looks pretty fucking hot. I am fascinated as I watch him fuck his big cock up and down between my squashed together tits. I have seen this in porn videos before, but there is something mesmerizing seeing it done to me... feeling it being done to me. I realize that the "done to me" part is really increasing the arousal level of this for me. One guy is jerking himself off using my tits, while two other guys are basically using my hands to jerk themselves off. They are literally using me like a sex toy... and I am fucking LOVING it.
As icing on the cake of my depraved cake, Charles suddenly cums hard, spurting cum with such velocity and power that I feel it SLAPPING against my lips and cheeks and yes, in my eye... and I can't even use my hands to wipe it out of my damned eye. It is at that moment that I discover something new about myself. Something about this whole experience makes me actually cum SCREAMING, without any penetration, whatsoever. Yes, James was finger fucking me earlier, but right now, the only real contact is my hands on their cocks, and one still squashed between my tits. This makes me wonder, "Is it the feeling of being used as a sex toy? Being just a thing for these guys to use to get off? Being degraded on my knees in a dark and dirty alley? Or is it just the feeling of cocks that gets me off?"
I don't get to ponder this great mystery for long, as James grabs me by my ass, and lifts it up, so I am leaning forward, bent over. He kicks my feet apart and I realize, what James intends to do. I turn to lookback at what he is doing, when Dave grabs my face and pulls it to face back to the front. There in front of me is little Dave, staring me in the face. This time, I don't need to be told what to do. I take it into my mouth and start to kiss and lick all over the head of his cock. At that same moment, I feel James push his cock right into me. It is a very good thing that he got me very wet finger fucking me before, and that I just had a very nice orgasm. Otherwise, his big thick cock pushing into me with no warning like that, would have made me scream, and not in a good way. As it is, he is really testing my limits. He is by far the biggest cock I have ever had inside me, and that includes my dildo, nicknamed The Terminator. That is a story for another time.
I am not gonna lie, I really want to do a good job sucking Dave's cock, but what James is doing to my pussy with his cock, is taking almost all of my attention. He is so deep inside me that I feel like he is rearranging my organs, and he is so thick, I feel like my hips will crack... but in a good way. After getting more used to hving that huge cock inside me, I start to feel like I will not break. He seems to feel me relax, because he starts driving into me faster and harder, like he wants to push his cock up through my throat, so he can knock cocks with Dave inside me. As I think this, I feel Dave picking up speed, as he begins hammering into my throat faster and harder. Maybe they ARE trying to meet in the middle? I had heard the term "spit roasted" before, but I didn't truly appreciate what that meant until right now. I actually feel like they are skewering me all the way through my body.
As I start thinking that this is probably the most "used" I can feel. Charles surprises me by SLAPPING my big heavy tits, which have been swinging under me, as I am being fucked between these other two men. He is standing over my back with a hand on each side of me, SLAPPING my tits back and forth like he is playing volleyball with them. I am suddenly overwhelmed by sensory overload. The feeling of James fucking deeper in me than I ever thought possible, his hips SLAPPING against my full ass, like he is spanking me; Dave fucking my mouth and throat, as his balls SLAP against my chin; and Charles... well, just SLAPPING my overstimulated tits; all of it drives me off a cliff and I cum so hard that I actually pass out. Seriously, I passed out and wake up with Dave slapping my face. No, not with his balls... His hand silly.
Feeling the flood of cum dripping out of my well fucked pussy, I realize that James must have cum at the same time I did, or just after I passed out. I am wondering if Dave got to cum also, when he lets me know that he didn't by saying, "You fucking ruined my blow job by passing out you stupid cunt. I still need to cum and there is no way I can follow James. Your pussy must be a gaping hole by now. So, you know what that leaves me, right?"
"No no no no no..." I start to say as I realize what he has in mind. I tried anal with the guy from my Chemistry class, but his cock was MUCH smaller than Dave's.
"Ohhhhhh YES," Dave says as he pushes my face down on the lid of the dumpster and kicks my feet apart. I try to press my legs together, but I am still so limp feeling from my strong orgasm, and I am way too small to fight him. Feeling me resist, he tells me, "This will be much more pleasurable for BOTH of us if you just fucking relax and go with it. Besides, if you make me force you, James will go next."
The idea of James' big thick cock ramming into my small butt hole, makes me force myself to relax. It helps, when I feel Dave scooping some of James' cum out of my gaping pussy and using it to lube my tight butt hole. It actually feels quite pleasant the way he is teasing around and around my sensitive ring. "OH," I yelp when I feel him POP his finger into my tight hole. I push out, trying to open myself for his finger. It starts to feel really nice as he pushes his finger deeper into me and swirls it around. Then he starts pushing out with his finger, stretching me open, as he continues twists it, and fuck it in and out. I realize that I am now pushing back each time, to push his finger deeper into me. He rewards me with a second finger. As I start to really enjoy the two fingers fucking into, I feel him use his other hand to scoop more of James' cum and my juices out of my pussy. I look back and see him rubbing it on his cock, lubricating it, and readying it, to push it deep into my butt.
He suddenly pulls his fingers out of me, and I feel void and empty. Then I feel the big smooth head of his cock push up against my slightly open and very ready butt hole. As I push out and try to open up to receive him, I feel him push right in past my tight ring. I YELP when I feel the sudden invasion, but I am surprised how easily he pops into me. I was expecting a lot of pain, but it is a weirdly pleasurable feeling. He stops for a second, and then pushes steadily deeper into my butt. When I feel like it is too much, he seems to know this and stops, pulling back slowly. I feel like his cock is pulling me inside out, like a glove that is too tight on a hand. Then, he pushes back in, and is able to get deeper inside me. I look up and see James and Charles just standing there watching me, stroking their cocks. I think that I should feel like it is weird being watched, as Dave violates my butt hole.
Instead, I feel an overwhelming rush of excitement. God help me, but I fucking LOVE that they are getting off watching me get ass fucked.
As I feel Dave pick up speed and start to fuck my ass faster and harder, I reach under me and start to rub my pussy and sensitive clit. The whole time keeping my eyes locked on James and Charles jerking off watching me. "Fuck me... Fuck my ass... Fuck me HARD... Fucking BREAK me with your big dick," I hear, and suddenly realize that it is me, screaming this out loud. Dave doesn't disappoint. He starts to jack hammer into my ass, like he is breaking up concrete.
I feel an orgasm building, that is unlike any other I have felt before. I have heard about anal orgasms, but I didn't think that as actually a real thing. I accentuate what I am feeling, by REALLY finger banging my pussy, while REALLY rubbing and flicking my clit. I feel like I will explode at any moment, and I see that this is having a big effect on James and Charles, because they are jerking off as if trying to match my speed and intensity. "Oh, my GODDDD... Here it comes," I scream, just as I feel my body try to twist in on itself, in such an overwhelming orgasm. My eyes are CLENCHED shut, but I feel the unmistakable hot sticky splatter of James' and Dave's cum splashing over my face, my back and my swinging tits. At this same time, I feel Dave's hot cum flood my ass hole. I feel like I am being completely bathed in cum. The idea enters my head that I am being baptized in cum. Baptized and confirmed as a true whore and slave to cock.
My pride in my new status as whore extraordinaire is short lived, as I watch my three heroes using my clothes to clean their cum and my various fluids, off their quickly deflating cocks. James stops to take some pictures of me, mostly naked, well fucked and absolutely covered in cum. He then sends the pictures to his phone. It is at that moment that I realize that he was using my phone to take the pictures. As he places my phone on my soiled clothes, he tells me, "Thanks, that was a lot of fun. If you ever want to do that again, my number is in your phone... along with some keep sakes. I gotta say, you are one freaky bitch... but whenever you need cock, I am your man. I can't speak for Dave and Charles, but I think you can count them in also. You seem like a girl that needs a lot of cock."
As they walk out of the alley and I feel my sticky, stiff top and skirt, I think about James' words. Even covered in cum in a dirty alley, my shame is far surpassed by my desire... no NEED to do this again. Yes, he is right, I do need a lot of cock. My GOD, even now standing here completely and thoroughly fucked, I want more cock. There is no doubt about it... I am addicted to cock.
*** I hope you liked this continuation of Annie's exploration of her addiction to cock. I look forward to hearing your thoughts and suggestions for her further adventures. ***