I have a personal training business, mostly with clients who I see in their home or business. I'm also affiliated and do part time work for a local upscale health club. Besides doing fitness evaluations and consultations with new members, I train a couple of people there each week. It's a good mix for me, with the bulk of my income coming from my own business, while the ten hours a week I do at the gym provides me a base to work out of, and is a good source for finding new clients. And I enjoy the social aspect of it too, meeting new people each week and also bullshitting with the long time members.
I came in for my shift one afternoon recently and checked the appointment book to see if any orientations or workouts had been scheduled for me. Mostly, during a four or five hour shift, there will be at least one person penciled in for me to take through a basic fitness evaluation and workup, which consists of a health questionnaire, body fat analysis, blood pressure reading, and a simple flexibility and strength assessment. Many times these are people who've just signed up, and based on their goals, it can be a good opportunity to get a new client.
It was after 2 o'clock, and the gym was starting to clear out. The lunchtime crowd was finishing up with their workouts and showers, and except for the odd straggler or soccer mom, the gym doesn't do much business until the late afternoon, when people start trickling in after work. In the corner of the large room, past the weights and a row of cardio machines, is a small office that we use for consultations. It's not only small, but half the room is taken up by boxes, and storing cleaning supplies. The only usable part is an eight by ten section that has a chair and a small, low cabinet that we use as a desk. The office has a window that looks out into the gym that can be closed with a blind for privacy. I sat down and looked through the spiral appointment book we use to for evaluations and consults, and I saw a name pencilled in for 2:30...Melissa Bentson. I didn't recognize it, so she was most likely a new member. I'd probably go upstairs to the reception desk to ask about her. She also could be waiting upstairs for me if she wasn't sure where to go.
Closing the book, I opened up the drawer that we keep supplies in, and took out a cloth measuring tape, bodyfat caliper, pencil and piece of paper. I also checked the small fridge we had in the office to see if we had bottled water. Then I left the office and went out into the main area of the gym, to look around.
The large, high ceilinged room had cardio machines lining one end...rows of treadmills and elliptical machines and bikes, facing banks of TV screens. The whole rest of the room contained the bulk of the free weights and weight machines, with benches and racks against the opposite wall. Off the main wall are the locker rooms, with an adjacent fifteen by twenty foot area with a padded mat that's used for stretching and floor work. I went into the lifting area to straighten up some weights that were left out, and was putting a pair of dumbells back on the rack when I heard a familiar voice from behind me.
"Hey...it's about time you did some work around here, this place is a mess!" I turned to see Jimmy, one of the regulars at the club. He was in his early sixties, and a very friendly and talkative guy, sometimes even too much. But I liked him...he was one of our "hardcore" regulars, like our version of Norm from the old TV show Cheers. Exercising, at least his version of it...meant talking, walking around, sipping coffee, talking some more, then taking a leisurely shower...and there were days that he probably in the gym for three hours or more.
"Jimmy, why don't you just fill out an application and get a job...maybe make some money while you're here all day? Then I'd be allowed to tell you to go fuck yourself without getting fired."
He laughed, "Nah...I'm done with working. And anyway, it would ruin the experience for me. How am I gonna hit on all the ladies if I have to worry bout doing work?"
"What...that stops me?" I grinned.
Jimmy was a small guy with an athletic build that belied his years, with salt and pepper hair, and light blue eyes that brightened when he sidled up to one of the numerous younger women that knew him from his years there. They mostly got a kick out of his good natured attention. He was what you...or they... would call harmless.
"You have a good point there...what ever happened to that good looking woman you used to train on Tuesdays? You know the one...reddish brown hair, nice tits?" He sat down on a flat bench in front of me. "Don't tell me nothing was going on between you two...she followed you around here like a puppy."
"Jimmy, I'm not sure if you ARE the shit...or just FULL of shit. But you're funny. For the record, nothing was 'going on' between us...she just likes training. And she moved to a new house like a half-hour from here so I train her there. And without you snooping around, now we can really fool around."
He laughed, and leaned back to lie on the bench. I grabbed another stray dumbell to put back on the rack, and saw a woman standing by the door to the fitness office, reading one of the instruction posters we have up on the wall. She looked to be medium height, blonde, and had an athletic build. Her back was to me and she was wearing a pink tank top and faded black tights that hugged her firm butt, and tapered down over muscular thighs and calves to white running shoes.
Jimmy had finished his set and sat up on the bench, and was looking her way. "Wow...will you look at that? That has to be the best ass I've seen in here all week...do you know her?"
She was stretching now with her feet about shoulder width apart and legs straight, and bending down towards her toes. She pushed her ass out as she stretched down, and even from where we were, about 30 feet away, it seemed like I could see every crease and fold of her ass and crotch detailed in her dark tights. I also saw her nice sized chest push out into her top as she slowly straightened up.
"Yeah...that is one killer body, I will give you that. If I'm lucky, she's the appointment I'm waiting for to do a fitness evaluation."
Jimmy laughed and shook his head. "Did I say that I didn't want to work here? Cause I want to take that back. I think I could be a very useful and productive employee."
The blonde woman had turned around and faced us now, looking out into the gym. Her hands were on her hips and I could see head on what a beautiful athletic body she had. Not muscular in a bulky kind of way, but more of a strong athletic build. And one with absolutely beautiful breasts...bigger than the proverbial 'champagne glass' but not huge, and I could see a glimpse of her nipples from where I stood.
I patted his shoulder as I walked by him, "Ok Jimmy, I'll talk to you later. And unlike you, I have work to do."
I made my way towards the office and saw her turn sideways to read something posted on the bulletin board on the wall by the window. As I got nearer I saw that her tights looked well worn, like a favorite old pair that you didn't want to throw out. They were completely molded to her legs and ass, like a second skin with no visible lines anywhere. They looked more like a thin pair of cotton stockings that had been washed one too many times than a pair of workout tights.
"Excuse me...you wouldn't happen to be Melissa, would you?"
She turned to face me and smiled. "Hi, and yes I am! Are you Steve? They told me with my membership I can get some kind of health assessment? I really just want to have someone help me with setting up a program and ask about the personal training rates."
She had dark blonde hair with highlights streaked in it, that fell just past her shoulders, and hazel green eyes. Her nose was strong and wide and her lips were a light pink, it looked like she was wearing lipstick or gloss. Her shoulders and arms were sharply defined and lightly tanned, and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra under her tank top. Up close, I saw that her breasts weren't as big as they looked like when I first saw her, but their firm shape was accentuated by her lean frame and chest, And they were capped by slightly upturned, eraser like nipples, outlined under the thin fabric of her top. The overall effect was stunning...and that she could walk around displaying herself like this, looking almost like she was bodypainted with an airbrush...was startling. She was either a teasing exhibitionist or was blissfully unaware of the impact that she had on people. Or men.
I stuck my hand out and we shook. Her hand was warm and her handshake strong. "Yep...I'm Steve, I'll be the one who'll take you through your assessment. So, we need to fill out a form, and we'll be good to go. Not a big deal. We'll do it all in the office, it's quiet and we'll have more privacy there. And I apologize in advance for the mess in there, there's not alot of room with stuff we keep stored in there. And it's also hot as hell...something to do with it being connected to the heating duct from upstairs."
She followed me into the office and I closed the door behind us, and gave her the one chair to sit down and fill out the form. They were pretty standard questions covering her medical history, pre-existing conditions, and any medications she was taking...that kind of thing. I was aware of the sweet rich scent of vanilla body lotion.
"Wow...I feel like I'm at a doctor's office," she laughed.
I watched her as I looked for some of the things I'd need for later. She was leaning forward with her arms propped up on the low cabinet that we used for a table, and was carefully reading the form. I saw that her fingernails were unpolished and cut practically, like someone who uses her hands for work. Her collarbones formed a sharp line across her shoulders, and framed her chest. In that hunched writing position her breasts hung heavy against her shirt.
"Hmmm...can I just check NO to all of these? I don't have any of these illnesses or serious conditions."
"I know...for younger people like us who are in shape, answering all of that stuff is a pain in the ass. That's fine, you're pretty much done with that anyway. Just sign it at the bottom and we're good to go."
I took the papers and slid them into a nearby folder. A quick look revealed that she was 34 years old, had listed her current status as 'divorced', and had a daughter.
"Well, Melissa Bentson...you're now official."
She leaned back in the chair and fished in her purse, as I put the folder to the side and got the blood pressure cuff and apparatus ready.
"Do you mind if I check my phone? I just want to return a couple of texts and check my voicemail and then I'm all yours." She winked and gave me a very adorable and slightly crooked smile.
I smiled back at her. "No problem, I'll get this stuff squared away...take your time."
She sat upright in the chair and kept her phone down by her belly button as she scrolled and tapped. I was glad she was looking down because it gave me a chance to casually watch her while I took some things out of the cabinet drawer. The space we had in the room was very small and I was kneeling now, maybe three feet or so from her. As I glanced at her while she texted, two things jumped out at me. One was how she sat...with her legs bent at the knees and apart, the casually unconscious way a man usually sits in a chair. Not close together or crossed like a woman would usually sit. And especially a woman wearing the tights she was wearing. She had amazing legs. From the small strip of tanned skin between the tops of her sneakers and bottom of the tights, and up to the swell of her calves and thigh muscles that flared nicely into her hips. And finally between her open legs, the clearly delineated cleft between her lips ended at a small protuding bump that incredibly, must have been her clit. Could it be a piercing of some kind?
With her arms close to her sides while she worked her phone, her breasts hung down and together, pressed tightly against the thin material of her top and ending in her jutting nipples. The close quarters and heat streaming from the ceiling vent already had me sweating, and I glanced about for anything...a towel or old tee shirt someone might have left there...to use if I needed to wipe my shaved head.
"How are you doing over there? I was just looking around for something to use to mop my head if I needed to. I'm sweating my ass off already, and it looks like you're feeling the effects of this room yourself. Do you also sweat pretty easily?"
Melissa had set her phone on the low cabinet and leaned back in the chair. Her legs were still casually splayed, and leaning back like she was lifted her chest up to its full proportions. With her shoulders back, her breasts separated a bit, full and heavy, and her nipples now pointed slightly to the sides. I saw that her face already had a slight sheen, and a rivulet of sweat ran down a collarbone and into the crease between her tits.
"Definitely...I've always sweated alot, whether I'm working out or just really nervous about something. But I think I read once that it's supposed to be healthier for you, like it helps to cool your body down. But, yeah, it can be REALLY embarrassing at times. And especially for a girl. Like when you're dressed up to go out somewhere on a hot day and you're dripping before you even get there, right? Like, I was running late for a first date this past summer. By the time I found a parking spot and got into the bar I was already overheated. I told the guy I needed to use the bathroom, and ended up in a stall with my dress hanging on the door, and patting myself down with toilet paper...running back and forth to the sink!"
That made me laugh, and I shook my head.
"That's too fucking funny. And it might take me a minute to get that image out of my head...you in your underwear and frantic, running around with wads of toilet paper!"
She grinned at me, while bending the knee of her straight leg. Now she was sitting with her legs opened wider and her thinly covered pelvis and pussy mound on display. She was sitting directly underneath the overhead light fixture, it was the brightest spot in the office. I saw that the juncture of her tights not only didn't have a crotch panel...the cloth was worn thin from friction and age, and probably many washings also. Her pussy was clearly outlined, and with her legs spread under that light, almost showing through the damp material. It was not the typical 'camel toe' image that's mostly just a slit or line that's visible when a woman wears something tight and thin with nothing underneath. The complete contour of her large outer labia was clearly defined and led up to a protruding half bean nub.
"Who said I was wearing any underwear?" She winked and rocked one knee in, then out wide again. "I'm not telling...you'll have to use your imagination. But believe me, it wasn't that funny when it was happening!"
Blood surged into my groin and cock.
"Oh, I believe you. And I've had the same thing happen to me. When I started shaving my head years ago, you'd figure it would be better, right? With your head being cooler. But once you start sweating and you have a bald head, it's VERY noticeable."
She smirked and stretched out her muscular legs.
"Well, I shave too and I don't think it helps that much either."
Hearing her say that, in a casual, no-big-deal kind of way, sent another jolt to my groin. I pursed my lips and squinted back at her.
"Okay...so, I don't think that's the same thing. But I'll take your word for it. And the underwear thing too. So, you ready to get this done?"
She brought her legs back in and sat up straight. I opened the velcro tab on the blood pressure cuff and moved to her side, then guided her right arm out to rest on her thigh, with the palm facing up.
"I'm just curious...do you know what your blood pressure normally is?"
I had already slung the stethoscope around my neck, now I placed the metal disc at the end, under the bottom of the cuff on her bicep, and pulled the sleeve tight.
"Hmm...what was it. I think it might've been around 115 over 76? Does that sound right?"
I slipped the ends in my ears and started pumping until the sleeve was tightly inflated. Then I stopped and waited to hear the faint beginnings of a beat, followed by the gradual fade to no sound again.
"Well...you're pretty dead on. I have 118 over 80. I'm not a doctor but I'd say that's a pretty good reading."
I slipped the cuff off of her and she rubbed her arm where it left a pink mark.
"That's good to hear. Listen...I wish I knew this was going to be a medical exam, we could have gotten everything out of the way. You're not a gynecologist too, are you?"
She smiled and winked at me...and that made me even more aware of how close our bodies were. That, along with the temperature, amplified the strong scents of vanilla and maybe something she had in her hair.
"Uh, that would be a definite NO...that's way out of my pay scale for sure," I quipped, and put the equipment on the carpet to the side of us.
She ran one hand up her arm and over her shoulder and neck, and wiped it on her thigh. "Well at least we're both in the same boat, so I'm not grossing you out with this. I probably should have worn shorts today. These tights are cotton and pretty thin and they breathe well, or so I thought. It probably doesn't make a difference now anyway."
I had the measuring tape and bodyfat calipers on the carpet next to my foot.
"Yeah, don't worry about it. It'll be like our secret, like when they say what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?"
She laughed and gave me a thumbs up. "That's good...I like that."
"So, there might be a towel or old shirt in here if we need one, and there's a small fridge there behind you if you want a water. The next two things we have to do are your measurements and bodyfat analysis. I use these calipers to measure your bodyfat. The good news for you is it doesn't look like you have much. And this tape I'll use for a series of measurements, for your arms, chest, hips, and calves. It's actually pretty cool to do this. Later on you can compare these readings to new ones, like a few months or a year from now, and see where they changed."
I stood up and let the tape unroll to the floor. She stood and stretched her arms high and to each side over her head. Underneath her arms was wet, and her pink top was starting to darken along the edges of the armholes, and under her breasts.
"You know...that's interesting. So, I'm not really looking to lose much weight but maybe to reshape a couple of spots? And add a little to my arms and chest. Maybe firm up my butt more...that would be good. I never had any of this done before...it sounds pretty cool."
I reached out and touched her arm, feeling the warm skin over her triceps. And that small but definite charge shot to my groin again. I wondered if she felt anything too.
"Yeah, it just gives you something else besides looking in the mirror and going by how your clothes are fitting. It can show you what's really changing with different parts of your body."
I ran the tape through my fingers. "Now...I'm gonna have you stand in front of me and I'll take about five or six different spots. With your legs and arms we'll do both sides of course. Then the bodyfat. Also a chest measurement and a bodyfat reading on your upper back. Let's start with your arms."
Her skin shone under the florescent lighting and I was aware again of the smell. Not just the vanilla and her sweat...it was something more pungent and strong.
"Ok...hold your arm out to your side with palm up, we'll take take this one first."
She gave me a look and lifted up both arms.
"You don't want me to make a muscle first?"
And she flexed her arms...hard. I have to say, it was a very impressive double biceps pose. In that postion the definition in her arms and shoulders really stood out. With her athletic but feminine physique, Melissa didn't look overly 'big', but when she tightened up, her muscularity was evident. What was also apparent was how her slowly dampening tanktop was exposing her breasts and hard nipples. Now her quarter sized areola were sharply focused against the thin cloth.
"Wow...I didn't know you were so huge!" I laughed. "Let me get them NOT flexed first, okay? Then you can muscle up again all you want."
She relaxed her arm and I circled the tape measure around it, halfway between the shoulder and elbow.
"Okay. I got it now, make a muscle." She balled up her arm and the tape expanded. "Nice...11' and 1/4"
I gave her arm a little squeeze. and let my fingers linger for a few seconds along the top of her bicep and then trail off underneath.
Melissa gave me a sideways smile and cocked one eyebrow, "Eleven plus inches?... Wow, not bad at all. If I were a guy I'd definitely be ecstatic with that, right?"
I had moved on to her left arm now...being so close to her was becoming intoxicating.
"Geez, you're funny too. I like that. So, I don't know...I'd think YOU'D be the most ecstatic with that number as the woman, right? Or maybe scared to death."
The rich heady smell, along with our playful banter, was really turning me on. With no underwear on I was aware of my thick cock pushing out into my gym shorts. She hadn't let on yet that she noticed it.
"Yeah, you have a point there," she sighed. "Lately with my work schedule and everything, and running around with my daughter for her school activities, I haven't had much time for myself. I think I need a major release...a vacation or something. Or maybe just a new vibrator."
She laughed and ran one hand over her forehead and through her damp blonde hair.
I had the bodyfat caliper out now and lifted her other arm up.
"Listen, are you trying to make to mess up here? Make the numbers come out better for you? Cause if you are, it's working!"
She smirked that cute sideways smile I was beginning to look forward to.
"No...I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't have gone there. It's just been kinda frustrating lately. I've been pretty busy, and not having or making maybe, the time for myself to take care of the normal needs that everyone has. And the whole online dating thing...ugh. More work than it's worth. And a lot of weirdos."
I can't lie...I was kind of stunned she went there. But fuck, it sent a jolt down to my already hard cock. But I also didn't want say or do something to make her feel awkward or cause her to pull back either.
"No worries...I get it. It's got to be really tough juggling all that stuff. Work, running around with your daughter...just a busy life. And making the time to also work on yourself and your body."
I gripped the skin under her tricep between my thumb and forefinger and pinched firmly to create a fold, then put the caliper about a half inch above it and slid the ends together to measure. It was easy to take with her skin being so damp and pliable. And there wasn't much to pinch at all over her muscle. I took the caliper off and wrote down the number, then repeated the process on her other arm. And was very aware of the body odor coming out from her armpits...fresh and pungent, like she hadn't showered yet.
I jotted down the second reading, and she peered over to where I wrote.
"So what's my bodyfat?"
"Well, I can't say yet. The way it works is, I take down all the numbers, and then use this conversion chart that computes them into an overall number. Cause each spot, based on where I take it on your body, has it's own reading that wouldn't be what the whole is. Like, your arms or upper back wouldn't have as big of a pinch as your thigh or hip. It's all goes into the number at the end."
I set the caliper down and picked up the tape again.
"So...let's do your chest measurement now, which really measures not only your chest but your whole upper body. I'll need you to raise your arms out to the sides so I can get the tape around you, then you'll let your arms down and we'll do some inhales, and then exhales, That way I can get a consistent reading on the tape.
"Damn...you are a thorough guy, aren't you? If only I made more money, I'd hire you as my personal assistant!"
She smiled and lifted her arms up high above her head, and I shifted in front of her and bent down a bit, bringing myself right at eye level in front of her chest. She was breathing a little heavier now and a few drops of sweat had run down a smooth armpit to add to the growing stain.
She had her arms folded up almost together over her head, which had lifted her heavy breasts up and out, with her thick nipples stretching a ridge of taut material between them. It actually made it almost impossible to place the tape on her chest with her arms up so high, but I loved seeing her that way. I leaned in and circled one end of the tape around her back and pulled it around with my other hand. Now I had the tape in each hand, along her sides.
"That's good...now lower your arms and I'll get this centered. Then you inhale deeply and hold it. When you exhale, I'll take the reading. We'll do a few of them so I can make sure it's right."
Her pink tank top was really starting to sweat through now, mostly along the sides under her armpits but also under her her breasts. And I was trying not to stare at her almost fully displayed nipples.
I felt like we were at a crossroads...even after all the banter and sexual chemistry that had been going on, I could still at attempt to play it "straight", or at least try to. Just do the rest of evaluation by the book and not cross into what could either be an incredible erotic experience, or if I was really misreading the situation, an awkward and embarrassing encounter. I took a deep breath in and smelled her again. Definitely a rich odor that wasn't only her body lotion, or her hair or her sweat...it was pungent and slightly sweet too. And the smell was stronger now than it was even a few minutes ago. It had to be coming from inside her tights.
"Okay, so I'm gonna line these ends up now...or try to as best as I can. Melissa, I don't want to make you uncomfortable with this. But to get the most accurate reading as possible, I'm supposed to go right across your nipples. I'm serious, I think that's actually in the manual. I'll do my best not to be inappropriate or make you uncomfortable, okay? And if I do anything that you're NOT comfortable with...just tell me and I'll stop."
Melissa brough her arms down and they settled by her sides. She looked directly into my eyes.
"Listen, no worries at all, Just go ahead and do what you have to do, I'm good with it. And it's not like you're gonna have a problem finding my...uh...nips. God knows they're big enough. It's another embarrassing issue I sometimes have. And of course, today I was typically rushed for time and left the house without putting on a bra." She smiled as she said that, and I smiled in return.
'Well, look at all the fun you'd be missing out on if you HAD thrown a bra on today."
I leveled the two ends of the soft fabric tape, and brought them around her body and firmly down on her rubbery nubs, pressing down on them a bit harder than I needed to. As I did this she tensed briefly, but didn't make a sound. I glanced up for a second and saw that she was looking straight out and up over my head, which was level with her chest. She was biting down on her bottom lip and breathing though widenened nostrils.
"But really, just tell me if anything I do doesn't feel right. Ok, let's see. I need to be easier with the tape so I don't push your...chest in so much."
I recrossed the tape so I had the ends overlapped and out to each, with the top of the tape resting right under the bottom of each hard tip. When it was even on both sides, I just moved my hands up a fraction and lifted the tape, causing it to pull up against one, and then the other nipple. Lifting and stretching them up...up...until the tape popped up over the rubbery ridges, and they fell back down. She jerked hard and inhaled sharply, "Oh...my...goddd..."
I felt a warm hand on my left shoulder and she steadied herself.
"Shit, I'm sorry bout that Melissa. That's my bad. Your...you are pretty erect, and with the damp cloth I'm slipping off. You okay?"
Her hand squeezed my shoulder and her brow furrowed, and I saw her jaw muscles tense and then relax as she breathed out slowly.
"No, I'm fine...totally good. Shit...I just wasn't ready for that. The intensity of it...wow. Ok, let's keep going."
I did two more attempts...both times being very deliberate and much too methodical while I fidgeted with the tape. The second time I got it centered right across her with the tape gently resting on the tips of her breasts. But then I just tapped one side of the tape, causing it to hop up and over the top of her right nipple. I heard a sucking in again, and she tried to muffle a shudder.
"Damn...just when I had it. Let me just try to fix this."
She was breathing harder...her chest rising and falling, and the heat and moisture and smells coming off her were more noticeable.
I tugged at the tape on her right breast with my left middle finger, pulling it out slightly...but as I did this my thumb pressed up hard against the bottom of her nipple, to keep it in place while I set the tape up onto the crest of her nub. Once the tape slid on, I had the densest and most engorged nipple I've ever felt in my life, between my thumb and middle finger. Which I then just squeezed slightly and rolled...feeling the tiny hard bumps and ridges leading up to the the eraser-like tip.
Her fingers were digging even harder into my shoulder, like they would on a carnival ride when it's speeding up. I looked up and saw her eyes were almost closed, and her jaw set and clenched.
"Oh my god," she gasped softly. "You...can't. They are soooo fucking sensitive...so gooood..."
I lingered a bit longer, and then finally slipped my fingers off her nipple and lined up the tape. Matter of factly took the reading and wrote it down.
"Melissa? Could you just straighten up for a sec and stand with your shoulders pulled back, kind of stick your chest out so I know we get the absolute correct measurement?"
Her breathing was heavy, and she waited a bit before lifting her hand off of my shoulder. As she straightened up, the tape expanded out even further. Her nipples tented though the ribbed pink cloth.
"So...34 and 3/8. I think that's pretty accurate, but I want to run something by you. It's been a challenge with your damp top on, and with how...um...hard you are, to get the tape just right. So...I was thinking that before we move on, we could try one more measurement with your top pulled above your breasts...to be one hundred percent accurate. I'm guessing that the tape might stick to your damp skin better than your tank top. And then I'll take your upper back reading with the calipers."
Her face was flushed, like when you finish a hard set of exercise or sprint. And her nostrils flared with her deep inhaling and exhaling, trying I think to steady her breathing and regain control of her body functions. Her voice was short and clipped.
"Yes...sure. That would be good...I'm fine with that. I want to get it right too." And then she crossed her arms in front of her and matter of factly lifted up her top, over her smooth flat belly and then right over top of her chest. She left it bunched up by her collarbone, then raised her arms up and folded them over her head. It was incredible and a bit surreal to finally see her with her top pulled up. She had some slight definition around her midsection, not what you'd call 'ripped', but more athletic and toned. Her jutting breasts were just magnificent. I didn't see any surgical scars, and they had a natural lift to them even without the support from her shirt. And they were capped by those incredibly erotic, thimble sized nipples. There were tiny bumps on her pink areola that crinkled up into thick eraser tips, which also were dotted with tiny creases and indents. And all rising and falling with each breath.
She still had her arms folded above her hair, and I stepped in closer, directly in front of her, and leaned in to pass the cloth tape around her back and into my other hand. As I did my face came right in front of hers, our mouths a few inches apart. Her lips were slightly parted, and her eyes wide and looking sharply into mine. Close to her like this, my chest just barely brushed up against one of her jutting teats. I fiddled behind her back with the tape, letting it slip from the fingers of one hand. Swearing under my breath, I reached in and downward to retrieve it, which dragged her nipple a few inches across my shirt, and at the same time poked the thinly covered head of my engorged cock right onto the worn cloth covering her pussy mound. At this her eyes narrowed to slits and her mouth opened wider. And her pelvis jutted and kind of rolled into mine, and she ground my cock hard into the cleft of her cunt.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." She emitted a looooong long groan that released a jet of hot breath into my face...a funky blend of her mouth and tongue and saliva. She jutted into me again before I grabbed the tape and backed slightly away.
"Ok," I tried to keep my voice steady. "Hold your arms out slightly and we'll get this done."
Her arms trembled slightly as she held them out and she watched me carefully, her eyes following mine. I saw the effort on her face as she fought for control of a body that was starting to betray her. I pulled both ends of the tape around the outer curves of her heavy tits and across their tips, until they overlapped. "Ok Melissa...relax your arms and inhale and hold it, then slowly exhale."
When she inhaled to stretch the tape, the friction from her sweaty skin caused it to drag and stick on her, and dragged her rubbery nipples and breasts outwards.
"Uhhhhhhhh...fucking SHHHHHHIT..." She shuddered and reached out a hand to grip my bicep. I let some tape slide through my hand to create room, and with my other hand pulled her boob back in place while gently guiding her nipple to the center of the tape. She bit down on her bottom lip and kept her eyes on mine as I firmly pinched the hardened bumpy nub between my fingers.
"Now let me do this for the other one."
As I took my time fiddling with the tape...and fingering her breasts and nipples, I saw that she had pressed her legs together tightly, and looked like she was contracting her thighs and butt.
"Ok babe...hold that and let me see. Ok, that's basically the same reading as before, with your shirt on."
I let go of the tape and reached up to the wet folds of her bunched up tank and tugged it down...dragging it across her engorged thimbles and down to her waist.
She jerked and her knees bent slightly, and she grunted out a breath. "God...nooooooo...WAIT. Hold on Steve...I just need to...just hold on minute."
Her eyes were shut and a drop of sweat rolled off of her nose and onto the wet material stretched tight between her tits. She held my arm tightly and pressed her knees together while a series of tremors...then another, then a few seconds pause...followed by another, smaller spasm, that rolled through her body.
It was amazing to watch her try so hard to not have an orgasm...to fight to not cum right then, in front of me. Or maybe she did just have a small orgasm, and the real struggle was not to completely explode. I wasn't really sure.
After some long breathing...in through her nose and then exhaling out her mouth, she relaxed and stood upright, and drew a palm over her flushed face and wiped it on her hip.
"Jesus...it doesn't even matter at this point, I'm wet all over, just a fucking mess!" And she was...a dripping and matted and glorious mess.
I cleared my throat, " I'll get us some water, we really need that right now."
I pulled two waters from the fridge and opened one and handed it to her. She took a long swig, and I opened the other and did the same. It felt satisfying in the way that only water can be when you're that thirsty. She sat down in the chair and sipped from her bottle, and exhaustedly slumped back with her legs sprawled open again...one out straight and the other one bent at the knee and out to the side. From where I stood her pussy lips looked less like the neatly outlined cleft that I saw earlier, and more like an open ragged gash pushing up against the threadbare cloth. And she was saturated to a wet, shiny sheen in the center.
I fiddled with the tailors tape and tried not to stare at her splayed body and oozing sex.
"Hey, how are you doin' over there?"
She took another swig from her bottle and looked at me, disheveled for sure but her eyes were sharp. Then she stood up and stretched...arms reaching way up, like when you get up in the morning and reach and yawn.
"I needed this water, I was starting to wilt I think...or cramp up for sure. Or something like that anyway." And she smiled her half smile and I gave her one back. I was starting to get better at that.
Then her eyes drifted down my body, and I followed them to see a huge dark stain spreading out over the outline of my cock. It tented down the leg of my shorts with the head a couple inches away from poking out.
I cleared my throat, "Umm...should we try to finish this?" She didn't respond right away, but kept her gaze fixed below my waist...and my eyes went back to the seeping juncture between her spread thighs. Finally she lifted her head and nodded.
"So...okay. There's one more thing. Let me run this by you...it's the issue with the bodyfat calipers. I have to have access to your bare skin to be able to pinch and get a skinfold reading. Upper arms, back and waist won't be a problem...we can work with that. But we also have three spots to take on your legs, two on your thighs and then the calf. Normally when I know beforehand that someone's scheduled for this, I remind them to wear shorts...obviously. The bodyfat readings should all be done on the same day. So unless you want to reschedule this for another day...the only other way we're gonna do it, is to have you pull your tights down. I totally understand if you don't want to do that."
Melissa's blue eyes glowed in her face, taking in what I told her. It looked like she was still recovering from the effects of everything we'd done up to now, including the possible orgasm 'event' that she either did or didn't experience. She took a last long sip of water and set it on the table.
"So...let's see if I understand the deal...to be sure what you're asking me. If I want to get all this done today, I'm gonna have to pull my tights off, right?"
"Well...no, not off. I wouldn't ask you to do that. You could just quickly roll them down to just past your calf, so I can take the first set of measurements, then up to where the second would be, then third. Or we can start at the top and work our way down. Obviously, your underwear or thong can stay on. You can think of it like being at the pool or beach...I wouldn't see anything more than that."
I was obviously playing dumb...I suspected from pretty early on that wasn't wearing anything under her tights. And now knew for sure. If she also figured that I knew she wasn't wearing anything underneath, it definitely changed what I was asking her to do.
She looked at me for a few silent moments, no smile this time, and then she spoke.
"Yeah, well...that would be great...IF I was wearing a thong. Or underwear. Or anything in fact."
She made a smirking kind of face, and wiped another rivulet of sweat off her cheek and neck.
"But of course, today of all days...I'm not. Like usual, I was running late this morning and rushing around to make sure my daughter was ready to be picked up. And by the time I got dressed I realized all my clean workout or dress thongs weren't so clean anymore. I tried one on that was on the floor by my bed and no, it was pretty gross. And my favorite sports bra was in the hamper too. So it was either pull on a clunky dress bra and regular panties and have lines and lumps showing, which I fucking hate, or just throw on my tights and top and go commando. It figures...I'm bare as a baby under these."
I didn't say anything and another moment went by, and then she stepped up to me and reached out to lightly touch my hand.
"You know, it feels strange saying this to someone I just met a half hour ago, but I feel so comfortable...just so easy and and natural with you. Like we've known each other for ages, and I can be myself and not worry about or be ashamed by my body. You've already seen me at my messiest and sweatiest. And I can definitely smell myself right now, so I know that you can too. But...it doesn't make much sense to have to come back another day, when we can get it all done now. If you don't mind me like this, then I'm cool with it. And I'm trusting in what you said earlier...like that Vegas thing? What happens in this room stays in this room."
I reached out a hand and took hers, and our fingers pressed together.
"Absolutely...you have my word."
Her fingers moved over the top of my hand and along my forearm...lingering there for a long moment while her eyes locked onto mine. Then she put her hands on her hips and cocked her head.
"Ok, I'm ready when you are. Go ahead and do what you need to do. Go ahead and pull them down to wherever you need to. Just tell me how you want me to stand. I'm gonna try and keep myself as steady as I can."
Outwardly I was doing my best to keep up a seemingly breezy, easy demeanor...but my heart was pounding in my chest and my cock throbbed painfully.
I wished I could just slow down time...just freeze things for a moment, to not only steady myself, but to fully take in the scene unfolding around me and soak in this incredible woman an arms length in front of me. I knelt to retrieve the tape and caliper and was level with her crotch. Every line and contour of her toned athletic legs and butt and pelvis...and fat wet lips...stood out in sharp relief, a couple feet from my face.
"Ok, so I'm thinking maybe just to make you more comfortable, if you want, you could face away from me as we do some of these measurements? I can get behind you to get your waist, hips, and then thighs and calves."
Standing like she was now in front of me...her feet about a foot apart and hands on her hips...I was hit more powerfully than ever by her smell. Yes...still hints of vanilla body lotion, and the sweat coming off of both of us just permeated the room. But close in to her crotch, it was a raw musky odor, that could only be coming from her seething cunt. Her voice sounded far away.
"Honey...at this point I'm in your hands, do what you need to do to me." And she turned around and put the most amazing ass I've ever seen a foot from my face. She also reached with one hand to hold onto the back of the cabinet that was now in front of her...as if to steady herself for what was coming.
"Ok Melissa, the first two are your waist and hips. No need for me to have to pull your tights all the way down for these, so I'll just get them to where I need and go ahead. It'll probably be easier if you keep your feet together so your tights don't dig into your legs too much."
She stepped in to bring her feet close, and I slid a couple of fingers into the thin waistband on each side of her tights, and slowly peeled them down. It was breathtaking seeing first the muscular indents that began in her lower back descend into the top of her ass, then the taut skin of her full round cheeks come fully into view, and finally sloping into a deep butt crack. I stopped just before exposing her ass completely...leaving her damp tights rolled to just above the bottom swell of her cheeks, with the dark material wedged tight into her crease. It took alot of will at that moment to not lean in closer to inhale her ass, or taste what was right in front of me.
Melissa reached back with a hand and grabbed one cheek between fingers and thumb, kind of pulling it out to the side.
"If I didnt ask this, now of all freakin times...i'd regret it. Does my butt look big to you?"
She chuckled, and I had to admit...it was kind of funny.
"Wow...are you hitting me NOW with that ultimate, dreaded girlfriend question? Like before we're headed out to dinner and you're not sure what to wear? Well, would you believe me if I said it was perfect?"
She twisted around and turned her head to look down at me, smiling. Her cheekbones and forehead glistening in the light. And one breast, straining against her pink top with a tented darkened nipple, came into view.
"But that's only how it looks...let's see how it feels."
I put my hands on her hips with my thumbs in the top of the crease of her butt, and then I worked my way down, kneading the sides of her cheeks until I reached her wadded up tights. Her skin was warm and soft but her ass was definitely firm, with major muscle underneath. She had gotten quiet again...it was one of those moments that vibrated with anticipation...and the electric charge from the contact of our skin. I cupped her cheeks in each hand and squeezed, kind of up and apart at the same time. It was when I lifted and spread her ass up and out again, spreading her full cheeks wide open, that I heard the sound. That unmistakable sound that only comes from very wet flesh being pulled apart...the squishing suctioning noise of a drenched hole opening up.
Melissa's head jerked back, and I let my hands slide off her flushed asscheeks and picked the measuring tape up off the carpet where I had dropped it. It felt like something had changed...gotten way more heightened with me first exposing and then feeling her bare ass, and now both of us knowing...and hearing...just how wet she had become.
I kind of cleared my throat, "So...uh...let me get this waist measurement done."
I circled the tape around her waist, and brought one end across the front of the other until I saw the number, "that's 26 and 1/4."
I saw her head nod...but she didnt say anything. I could see beads of sweat dripping down the back of her arm, and her blond hair looked damp and matted in spots on her shoulders. She straightened up and put her hands on her waist.
"Ok..." I said matter of factly, like I was talking to myself, "let's get your butt...or hips."
I circled my hands to her front, with the tape between thumb and forefingers, and found the spot I wanted and pressed it flat against her smooth pubic mound...then brought the ends around the widest part of her hips to right over her crack.
"Let's see...that says 36 even."
She made a light throat clearing sound...but her voice sounded scratchy. "Is that a good number?"
I stood up...I needed to straighten up and stretch, and stepped around to her side, facing her at an angle.
"Well, let's put it this way...I imagine that ninety nine percent of the women in the world would kill for what I've taken so far."
I smiled at her and winked...and liked seeing her smile in return. She looked right into my eyes as she did, like an acknowledgment that we both knew she was standing there on full display with her bare ass and most of her pussy in full view. But I also caught her glancing down at me, at my crotch, and my face got hot knowing she that she saw how hard I was also. I looked down to see her smooth tan pelvis and pussy mound and the top half of surprisingly fleshy lips, with a large hood covering her clit.
"You're probably tired of looking at my butt, why don't you do the rest from the front? I mean...we are in Vegas, right?" And she did her half smile, and winked.
"You're too funny...and just for the record, I'm not tired of looking at your butt. But ok, I'm good with that. So we have three more spots to do. Two are standard...at your mid thigh and calf. The one extra one I want to also take is on your upper thigh, which is about an inch below where your thigh starts at the crease of your crotch. It's not the same as your mid thigh and gives you a more complete picture of your leg proportions."
I moved a bit and knelt down until I was directly in front of her crotch, looking up at her and resting one hand on her bare hip.
"If you're ready, I'm gonna slide your tights down a ways, so you can open your legs up a bit more. I'm gonna need then room between your thighs for my hands, and to maneuver the tape measure to get both numbers...ok?"
She gave me a small nod...and I saw the muscles in her jaw tighten and her lips became a pink line. I looked back into her body and pinched the wadded edge of the top of her tights between my fingers and gently tugged downward. The sides of her tights dragged over her hips slowly, damp cloth tugging on wet skin, while the inner part of the dark material in the middle was still wedged deep into her crotch...kind of stuck in there. Then the crotch section of the tights finally pulled away from her cunt, and as it did, two separate glistening strands...more like ribbons or bands of viscous fluid...stretched from her parted lips and down onto the inside of her descending tights.
Melissa had one hand on my shoulder, and I could sense that she had leaned forward a bit and was looking down with me at what was happening. I heard her inhale sharply and then gasp.
The thin faded material that had been up inside her crotch, against and inside her pussy lips, was glistening with her juices...a mostly opaque, but slightly whitish splotch. The tights were almost to her knees when one of the strands stretching from her pussy finally broke and rebounded upwards, dangling and shimmering between her thighs. The other one had gone sideways with her tights and was stuck to her inner thigh about six inches above her knee. I also was struck by a fresh wave of her sharp smell from directly from her steaming cunt, finally released and breathing. The odor was so powerful it seemed like I could taste it.
Her hand pressed down on me as if to steady herself as she bent over even more to look at her thighs. She dug fingers into my shoulder muscles.
"Jesus...fucking...Christ!. I knew I was wet...I'm pretty sure you knew I was too. But I had no idea it was fucking THIS. This...mess that I've made. This is ridiculous. God I am so fucking embarrassed right now."
I wasn't sure what to say really...I had no clever or cool response. I'd never seen such an over the top, sticky mess like that coming from a woman's pussy before. The sight and smell of it that close up to me dried my mouth, and had my heart pounding. And in the half kneeling position I was in, my medium length training shorts had ridden up on one leg, and the head of my thick cock was sticking out and shiny with it's own drool flowing out. Maybe it was my feeling bad about her embarrassment over being dripping wet and me seeing it, that made me lean back and pull up the edge of my shorts to release my cock from under the elastic leg of my shorts. It flopped up and bobbed towards her...thick and purple and shiny wet at the wide head.
"Please dont feel bad babe...you're not the only one. I'm drooling too."
And I was...a single drop of clear precum had leaked from the tip of my pulsing dick and was hanging down to the carpet.
She had seen me free myself, and now she stared down at the engorged twitching cock an arm's length under her face. Her voice was a low half croak. "Nnnnnn...Steve. That's fucking beautiful...amazing. You are huge."
And then she reached down and touched the head, first with just her index finger, and then her middle finger and thumb, circling lightly and then gently squeezing my shaft up to the bulbous head. It was my turn to hold onto her and I gripped the outside of her knee. I was throbbing and her light stroking caused another pulse of fluid to stretch downward to the carpet.
She slid her fingers around the head and circled...swirling them in the clear precum, and brought her hand up to her mouth and sucked her fingers. Very slowly licking and savoring each finger. while never taking her eyes off of mine. "Mmmmmmm...that is just soooooo fucking good. It's been WAY too fucking long since I tasted this."
I broke our eye contact and turned to the still swaying, clear strand of liquid hanging between her legs, and followed it up to its source...from inside her glistening hole. I inserted my middle finger just a half inch into her lips, towards the back of her opening near her asshole. It was hot and liquid. I still had my other hand on her leg, and as soon as my finger entered her open lips and started to move I felt a small but sharp spasm rock her. With the condition she was in and how she felt, it would have been absolutely no effort at all to slide three or four fingers deep into her. I mover my finger slowly through the center of her pussy until it ran directly into the dangling strand, which stuck into my fingers and wrist as I moved through it and kept going. I finally stopped against her protruding and hard pebble of a clit. As soon as I touched it she jerked again...this time stronger.
"Ohhhhhh...fuck. Fucking YESSSSSSS!"
I circled her clitoris with the pad of my finger, everything now was completely coated with her slick hot lubricant...her entire cunt, crotch and inner thighs...along with my fingers and across the underside of my forearm. It was as I made my next light circle around her clit, with slightly more pressure, that I felt her trembling...not a jolt like the first time, but more like tremors rippling through her legs and hips. Like when an orgasm is building and growing. Glancing back upwards I saw her eyes were hooded, not looking sharply at me now but kind of through or over me. She was chewing on her bottom lip, and I thought maybe she wasn't even aware that she had brought one hand to her right breast and was pulling and kneading on her huge nipple. And I could see thin white fluid seeping...more than seeping...surging out into her tight top with each twist and squeeze of the nipple between her thumb and forefinger. It was milk...she was milking herself while I touched her, and working her way towards what I'm sure was going to be a shattering orgasm. A dark wet stain spread from the center of her heavy breast, and milky droplets leaked through and onto my arm where I was still holding tight on her leg.
Her voice was low...strained...a growl.
"Myyyyy...CLIT! Fuck baby...if you keep going...how much I'm gonna CUMMM..."
I didnt really make a conscious decision, but when I heard that, I lifted my finger off her clit...like a reflex action. As turned on as I also was, I still just didnt want all that to happen right now. Some stubborn or dumb part of me wanted to finish what we started out to do, as crazy as that sounds. Or maybe just selfishly, I didn't want to end this wildly unexpected and erotic ride with this incredible woman, who a half hour ago was a complete stranger to me. And her having an immense orgasm right now would certainly end this...or at least send it possibly in a different direction.
She whimpered when I took my finger off her clit...but her legs and asscheeks still trembled. And the drop...drop...drop of milk splashing on my arm continued. Clearly she was teetering on the edge of a massive orgasm even without her cunt or clit being touched. And she was keeping herself there by the twisting and pinching she was doing to herself. She was still squeezing and milking herself, completely lost and deep in a sexual fog, when I slid my hand up her knee and over her hip and waist and up onto her hand, and closed around her spasmodic fingers. Like my thigh, her wrist and hand were wet with milk, and she grunted when my thumb brushed against the hard teat that protruded from her fingers. I gently pulled her fingers off of her breast.
"Melissa...you are so fucking amazing, you shouldn't be embarrassed about a thing. Your body is incredible. I know you are close to cumming now, and it would be fucking crazy good...I know. But I want us to finish what we set out to do. I...I think we can. I'll try on my end...do you think you can make it?"
She leaned down farther and brought her forearms onto my shoulders, letting her weight settle on me...bending her knees slightly. I felt the heat just coming off her...her head came close to mine on my left side, our cheeks almost touching. Her damp hair brushed against my face, with her mouth close to my ear. Her voice was a whisper.
"I want to tell you how incredible you make me feel...like I'm special and beautiful and sexual. And you might not think so, but I really struggle with that. It's something I've struggled with for a long time, going back to when I was a young girl. And then again since my divorce. And some of the guys I've been with didn't help either, and that's on me too. I know that. And also...you're not grossed out at all by all the fucking juices and fluids that seem to gush out of me. And how I sweat and smell. I had more than one guy freak out when I wet his bed during sex, and my husband thought it was gross when my breasts leaked when I get horny. "
She got quiet, and I turned my face through her wet hair and my lips brushed hers...and stayed there for a soft lingering kiss. I'd felt so much lust in my life, certainly a ton of it in the past half hour or so...could this be more than that?
"No...I'm not grossed out, far from it. I feel like I want to swallow everything that I've seen come out of you. And I've never smelled anything better than your body. And your pussy...and now your breath too."
And then I leaned back enough to bring my other hand up between us. Her juice was sticky and webbed between my first three fingers, and the swinging strand of pussy juice I scooped up earlier now smeared my wrist and arm. I began to clean off my fingers...her juice tasting more sweet than salty. I motioned to her and raised my arm higher, and she took my lead and lowered her head and began taking long slow licks along my forearm, cleaning off her drying secretions. Together we cleaned my hand and arm, a she was still licking her lips when our eyes met again.
"Okay...so THAT was fucking nice, right? And I think we've got ourselves back to where we can actually try to finish these damn measurements. You game?"
She shook her head, "Yeah, that was more than nice, that was fucking amazing. And let's do it."
She pushed off my shoulder and straightened up and groaned, and stretched her arms up over her head.
Her wet shirt clung to her like a second skin...outlining every line and muscle and curve. Her nipples looked slightly less hard than they were, but still poked out through the sweat and milk saturated cloth. Her legs were maybe a foot apart with her tights still bunched below her knees, and the soaked crotch section was now turning whitish, more gummy looking where it was starting to dry.
Her thighs too had smears and streaks crossing them, and a thick gooey strand of cum about three inches long still hung from her open cunt. She ran her fingers through her hair.
"God, I feel like I've run five miles...my legs are still shaking. But if you're ready to start, so am I."
I found the tape and stood up too.
"You know what? I have an idea, actually two things that might be good. I know your legs must be tired from standing like this, and everything else. And we cant do the measurements sitting or lying down, you've got to be standing. But how about we make this easier on you...just lean forward and rest your arms on the cabinet top. It'll be way easier on you, and I'll finish you up from behind? And the other thing is the fucking heat in this room. We're both sweating like pigs. Your wet clothes must be uncomfortable as hell, and when we get to measuring your calves I'm gonna have to slide your tights down to your ankles. Why dont you just take everything off? Your top, tights, socks and sneakers. I'll put them under the vent, maybe they'll even dry out a little."
She was looking at me while I went on without an expression...no crooked smile or grin or anything. It's crazy to think, after all that had happened up until this point, that when she paused before answering I worried that maybe she still had a hesitation. That even after being fondled and stroked to the brink of orgasms, and standing spread out and dripping wet with her bottoms pulled down to her ankles and nipples still dripping milk through her soaked top, and joining me to eat her juices...she still might have second thoughts about stripping nude in front of me in an office in a gym.
Then she finally spoke, gazing right at me and finally, that lopsided half smile.
"Ok...I'll take everything off. But you do it."
And with that she turned her back to me, and facing the short cabinet we sometimes used as a place to write, lifted her arms high above her head. A silent but clear silent invitation for me to strip her. I started by peeling her top up...over her torso and shoulders, pulling her hair up with it and then though, until it shook free. It felt heavy, like a shirt you take out of the wash and needs to go in the dryer. I brought it up into my face and inhaled her sweat and body odor. She brought her hands down to circle her waist and jauntily pushed her butt back at me...still no words. I dropped the shirt and knelt down close behind her, and slid her tights down the last few inches until they were bunched on her sneakers. I was so close to her now that my nose was pretty much inside the crack of her muscular ass, and the pungent sweet and sour mix of aromas, coming from her asshole, pussy and sweat, just engulfed me. I inhaled deeply through my nose until I was filled with it. Them I blew the air out of my mouth, forcefully, and directly into her cunt. I knew she had heard me inhale deep in her ass, and when I exhaled back into her wet holes, she moaned and flattened her back even more and jutted her ass back hard into my face. My nose was now pushed right onto her asshole and I felt her wet cunt against my lips. I inhaled again as deep as possible, just flooding my senses with her musk. She had kept pressure back against me and kind of twisted her hips and ass to try to get my face as deep into her as she could.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh...fucking Steve..."
I could feel her legs beginning to tremble again. When I opened my mouth to exhale again, it was right into her swollen lips...hot, sticky, and sweetly sour. And then, as I backed my face out of her...a loud popping squelching sound.
She gasped loudly and another tremor rippled her legs and ass. And that thick dollop of juice that had been hanging down between her legs was now stretched out to my chin, and another fresher, and tiny strand stretched from her lips to my mouth. Her legs were quivering and she was pushing her ass as far up and back as she could, even lifting up onto her toes...straining to get some kind of relief. As I leaned back a little more, both elastic strings of fluid broke free and swung back through her legs, and from where I was now, looking under and through her legs, I saw her magnificent tits...finally naked, and hanging straight down. And her nipples looked swollen again. With raised, crinkly pink areola that angled down to darker pink nubs with tiny erect bumps on their edges. And it looked like a droplet of milk was forming at the tip of her left nipple. I took her left ankle firmly and lifted her foot, and slid her tights off and over her sneaker...then did the same for her right foot. Then lifted each foot again and pulled her sneakers off and then peeled her damp ankle socks off her feet. I took time to rub each foot, under her arch and up around her toes...spreading them out, pulling each one and rolling and kneading. A drop fell on the carpet in front of me, I saw that her nipples had started to leak again...slowly forming drops of thin milk appearing from the very front surfaces of her teats. Her head dropped low between her arms and her voice was strained.
"I can't...nnnnnn...every touch is going right to pussy...my tits. My nipples are leaking like fuck and I'm not even touching them...and my CUNT...it's fucking on fire! I'm not even sure if I've been cumming this whole time..."
My lips and chin were sticky with her, and I sucked in my bottom lip, and then top one, swirling around with my tongue to capture and savor as much of her as I could...
"Honey...I'm just blown away by the control you have to not lose it, considering how long you've been fucking opened up and spread out and touched. I dont think I could. Can you hold on a just little bit longer? We've got three spots left to take, starting with your calves."
She shifted her feet a bit on the carpet til they were about 2 feet apart
I found the tape and knelt down low enough to circle it around her left calf. Like her thighs and really, the rest of her body...they were muscular but feminine, shapely without being 'big'. After sliding the tape off her calf I rubbed a bit where it had been, marveling at the smooth firm muscle.
Up higher, the insides and back of her thighs and ass were a mess...sweaty like the rest of her body, but also streaked with her cunt juices, in various states of glistening wet to almost dried. And with her head and shoulders down as far as they were on the low cabinet, and her back flat and feet apart like she had them...her ass was spread wide open, with tiny creases and bumps leading to her dark asshole. Her labia began very high up towards her anus, unusually so I thought, and formed prominent crinkled ridges leading down to her front. And they were inflamed to a deep pink, almost purple, and gaped open a half inch. There were spots along her lips and up around her asshole that were gummy with smears of her lubricant, and still oozing from her open hole were both of those syrupy strands of juice that had pulled out of her along with my face. Her breasts hung heavily, and it seemed that the leaking had stopped, or at least slowed somewhat. A half drop of milk clung to her left nipple, suspended but not heavy enough to fall.
I looked down at the number on the tape.
"Ok...that's 12 and 7/8. Good. Let's try this other one now."
I ran the tape around her other calf and it pretty much stuck in place on her damp skin.
"That's...let's see...12 and just a tiny bit under 7/8. Wow...just a little smaller than your left. See...you're not perfect."
She snorted and bent her knees and shook her ass. "Ha!...so now I'm not so amazing anymore, huh?!"
The syrupy strings between her legs danced around and one caught on her thigh and stuck there. She shook and stretched her hips, and pivoted up on the balls of her feet to twist her toes into the carpet...and opened her legs up another foot or more. Now she was spread out wider and her cunt peeled open even more. Fleshy dark pink and gaping lips that hung down almost a half inch at their center. And along with her bean sized clit protruding from its hood that I saw earlier, it was also the biggest pussy I'd ever seen up close. I knew that like her tight tits and nipples, her whole crotch must have been swollen to it's limit now from the strain of almost constant stimulation and display for almost three quarters of an hour now. And I also remembered from our conversation that Melissa hadn't had sex for quite awhile.
"Okay, I take that back. Even with your oddly different size calves, you remain the picture of amazing perfection."
And I spread a hand along each side of her upper thighs, right outside of where the crease of her butt started, and leaned in close to her asshole and crotch...needing to suck in more of that overwhelming smell again. I spoke right into both of her glistening holes.
"Melissa? We're gonna do the last two measurements now. First, the one halfway up your thighs, then way up near the top by your crotch. Are you ready babe?"
She sounded far away and faint. "Yes...please. I need you to do them now."
As I shifted back to get the tape I glanced down and saw my own personal mess again. My cock had completely pushed it's way out of the leg of my shorts, with the thin cotton material rolling up my thigh above it. The shaft was deep purple and thicker than I'd ever seen it, the head shiny and slick. I felt and saw it pulse...and pulse again, and a clear thread of precum oozed out. The thought of me sliding deep into this wet furnace in front of my face flooded my mouth with saliva. I swallowed hard and picked up the tape.
I brought the tape up and put my hand on her left thigh. "Ok, let's get this done, and then your bodyfat"
I circled the tape around her middle of her muscular thigh, it stuck and tugged against her skin. The end of the tape overlapped the front and I recorded the number...18 and 7/8 inches. I pulled the tape off and and moved to her right leg. I felt a little buzzed, being so close to her opened up wetness for this long. She was doing her best I think to keep still and stay in control of her body...but I was aware of small shifts and movements, a slight bending and straightening of her knees, reflexively curling and stretching her toes. And a couple of times her asshole would contract and then release and open again. And now I saw that where I had the tape centered on her right thigh, was just a couple inches underneath that strand of juice that had broken off and stuck to her inner thigh. I found the reading and wrote it down.
"Ok, let do the calipers now."
I went back to Melissa's left thigh and felt midway up her inner thigh and pinched a section between my thumb and finger, then placed the caliper above it to take the reading.
"Jesus...you'll be happy to know that there isnt that much to pinch".
She let out a monotone 'hhhhnnnnn', but didn't say anything. Pulling at the small wedge of her thigh that I had gripped between my thumb and forefinger caused the loopy strand of syrup above my knuckles to sway, and I was careful not to touch it with the caliper. I leaned back out to write the number down, and looked up at her from around her butt. Her head was sunk down between her arms, resting on the cabinet top. I saw where her hair had matted across her upper back with a few strands stuck along her shoulders. From where I was I couldn't see her face at all. Her breasts hung heavily, and her nipples looked darker and distended, and were still shiny at their tips. The half drop was gone.
I squatted back in behind her and looked at where I needed to encircle the tape and maneuver the caliper. It was just an inch below the indented cleft where her inner thigh curved into her groin and outer lips. There was no way I was doing any of that without my hands and the caliper running right into that hanging thread of lubricant. And most likely her wet cunt too.
"So...Melissa? This last set of measurements is way up inside your thighs. I'm gonna be right in your crotch basically, with my hands and the caliper. That's not the issue really. It's just...how wet you are babe. It's pretty much hanging off your inner thighs and from your pussy too. And it's gonna be a bigger mess with me up in there measuring you. I think it'll be way easier if I just cleaned you up first...cleaned your thighs off and maybe tried to dry your lips out too. What do you think? I could use your shirt, or tights."
She lifted her head up off the cabinet and turned over her shoulder to look at me. Her face was flushed...pink and shining in the overhead lights and a bead of sweat dripped off her nose. I saw her swallow and wet her mouth, and she spoke slowly and in a low, hoarse voice.
"Could you just...ummm...just use your hands and mouth to clean me? I want you to get as much of it as you can. Even if you have to suck it out of me. Just please...do it."
She turned back and dipped her head down again onto the flat counter, and I saw the muscles in her arms and forearms tighten, and her strong hands regripped the edges of the cabinet. Her toes were digging hard again into the carpet trying to get more traction, while she rocked up onto the balls of her feet to push her ass out. I bent and angled inside her legs and inhaled that rich smell again and then flicked my tongue at that gooey strand stuck to her thigh, until it came away onto my mouth and nose. Then wiped it as best I could onto a couple of fingers and into my mouth. I tried to keep my movements very slow and deliberate, not just for my pleasure...which was immense, but for Melissa to be able too see just how much pleasure I was having cleaning and eating her. Just savoring every part of her. I wanted her to feel all of this overwhelming desire and immersion I felt for her.
I heard mostly sharp breaths mixed with swallowing, as I stared at that other translucent ribbon of fluid that extended from her shiny lips. It had stretched out longer, fed now by more fresh lubricant from her pussy, and fluttered between her thighs. I reached out and touched it...it clung to my finger and was cool on my skin.
I coiled it around and up...then added to it by dragging two fingers through her open wet lips and scooping out a dollop to lick and eat like honey.
She jerked again and moaned...louder.
Her musky juice mingled with my saliva, and I savored it's texture and taste before swallowing it.
"I wish you could taste this with me babe...it's just soooo good. I'm going to need to clean as much of it out of you as I can."
Her hips bucked hard at me. "Fucking yessss...PLEASE!"
She pushed against the cabinet to somehow open her ass up even more, and I roughly pulled her cheeks apart to get my face as far into her center as I could. Keeping her cheeks pulled open like that, along with her straining so hard, just pushed her asshole out further at me. The ring of muscle around her hole bulged...purple and distended...and I sucked and chewed my way around it and then into it, then dragged my nose over it...while licking and probing deep with my tongue. And then took long deep licks through her pussy from underneath, and back up to her asshole again. Her grunts and breaths came louder and more urgently.
And finally...after fantasizing about it from the moment I first saw her from across the gym and marveled at her chest...I let go of her ass and reached around and under the front of her body to slide my hands over heavy breasts and jutting nipples. When I slid my face down until my mouth was right on her pussy and sucked in a lip while also flicking my tongue at her clit...her moaning changed to a high keening wail.
Her full tits filled my hands completely. I kneaded them and mashed the rubbery nubs against my palms, and circled each breast high up by her ribcage and then squeezed HARD, milking them downward to try to force all the blood and milk and pressure inside them down...and out to her nipples. Then my fingers came over the edges of her pebbly areola to the hard tips and I twisted and rolled them. Streams of warm milk sprayed through my fingers.
"Fucking SHIT!...I...I CAN'T!...Holy fuuuuuck...I'm gonna CUMMMMMMMM!"
She screamed into her hands, and her hips and legs exploded in a wave of bucking spasms. I held on the best that I could to her tits, while keeping my mouth clamped on her cunt and clit, as she bucked and grunted and released a stream of hot fluid directly into my face. I was initially stunned, and then amazed at the intensity of it...and the suddenness and force of her ejaculation. I caught some in my mouth, and gulped as much of it as I could, but the rest jetted out between my face and her crotch, spraying onto my arms and shoulders, and also down her legs. After her initial burst came a second, slightly smaller one, which seemed to shake her even harder. I swallowed more of the warm, clear fluid while keeping clamped down on the ends of her breasts and nipples, and still pinching them hard. Another small stream pulsed from her cunt and a long deep spasm rolled through the muscles of her legs. She gasped again.
"My...fucking...GODDDDDD..."
I eased my grip on her breasts and gently stroked them with the tips of my fingers, lightly milking her nipples and just marveling at their firmness and texture, and then ducked my head to see the cloudy drops that formed from the nubs grow heavy, and then fall to the carpet. All down her inner thighs and calves to her feet was splashed wet with her cum, as was my face and most of my body. There must have been easily a quart or more of fluid that sprayed from her.
She was still breathing hard and occasional small shudders rippled along her body.
"Holy shit...that...that was fucking INSANE. I've never exploded like that in my life...came that fucking much. And my nipples...what you're doing now is just soooooooo good...God, don't stop honey..."
Her milk leaked through my fingers and I traced the wetness lightly around and over her crinkled ridges and bumps. Finally I straightened up and stretched my back and arms.
She whimpered and playfully shook her ass.
"Nooooooo...that just feels too good to stop. It's like a direct line to my pussy and clit when you tease my nipples like that."
The small cramped office felt like an oven, and smelled like a closet soaked with sweat and wet clothes and pussy. I saw that my shorts were also drenched with her cum and my cock stuck halfway out of the bunched up opening at the leg. I stood up and slid them down and off, and my cock sprung up and straight out, twitching and purple, and engorged as I've ever seen it. From where I stood the head bobbed a foot from her ass.
"Ok. you...since you asked me nice, I'm gonna play with them some more. And also because I'm basically obsessed with your whole fucking body. But you have to stay absolutely still, ok?"
Melissa bounced up again on the balls of her feet, and lifted her head up from between her arms to shake out her damp hair, some parts of which were still stuck to her upper back. Her gleaming pink face smiled at me.
"Ok...I'll try to not move one little muscle."
I stepped just a bit forward, careful not to let my cock touch her ass or open crotch, and slid my hands up over her hips and onto her back, with my thumbs in the indented crease along her lower back. Then I pressed both hands up into her flesh and massaged my way up and around the muscles in her shoulder blades to back along the sides of her back under her ribcage, where her breasts formed, and then back down to her ass. I made long sweeping strokes, and had to keep my hips far enough back so my cock wouldn't rub up against her ass. She dropped her head down and let out a long breath, and her voice was muffled with her face down between her arms.
"God Steve...I soooooooo fucking...neeeeeed this..."
On the next pass I swept my hands back underneath her and up under her breasts, then back out to her ass again. Leaning back a bit I glanced at her still swollen and parted lips framed between her open ass, and saw that if I bent my knees just a bit my cock would be pretty much at the perfect height to slide right into her.
As I leaned back in and felt her muscles give way under my thumbs and palms, I shifted slightly to position my cock right where I hoped her wet entrance was. When I came down the sides of her back again and over her ribs, and then around under her to cup her tits, I thrust forward and felt the head of my cock push into her wetness, and I rammed hard into her hot cunt. She jolted violently and her head snapped up as I drove completely into her. My pelvis slapped into her ass, and she shrieked loudly.
"AAAAAHHHHH!...FUUUUCK!"
After all of the buildup and teasing and her being spread out and displayed in front of me, dripping and oozing and finally spraying out her cum all over both of us...to finally be inside her after all that, was indescribable. It felt like we were throbbing and pulsing together, as one being.
I stayed deep in her, it felt too delicious to move...and then keeping myself wedged tightly against her ass, I kind of stirred my cock around inside of her. Probed and gyrated, exploring deep inside her. At its deepest, my cock head bumped up against and then off of something, and then back onto it again. Each time I did this she gasped and squeezed hard on my dick, and cried out and pushed back against my pubic bones. I thought that maybe I was hitting her cervix, or possibly it was just the shape of her vagina. I found that spot again, and my cock pressed into it...the head finding a depression to grind against. She moaned and sobbed into the cabinet top.
"Fuuuuuuuck...can't...stop...cummmmming!"
When I finally started to slide back out, her pussy squeezed my shaft, as if desperately trying to keep me from leaving. I was almost all the way out of her...my shaft glistening in the fluorescent light, with the ridges of the head just inside her lips. Her labia stretched and pulled away from her body along with me. After a long pause, I rammed back into her. Her ass shook as we slapped together and she yelped loudly...then let out a long moan that ended in a gasps of air.
I gripped her breasts firmly with the nipples poking out between my middle and ring fingers, and squeezed together to force out more milk, while I kept a steady thrusting rhythm into her slick cunt. Banging all the way in to the bottom, then pulling her engorged purple lips out with me til I was almost clear...and slamming back in again.
She was moaning and cursing between ragged grunts and gasped for breath when my fingers clamped and pulled hard on her nipples. "Fuuuuuuck...nnnnnnnnn...don't...stop. Please...FUUUUUCK MEEEEE!"
More than once I had to pause as I pulled out of her, I could feel the beginnings of that familiar buildup to my own huge orgasm, and I didn't want that yet. Not yet.
I wanted more of this...more of her. Her quaking sweaty body and frantic grunts and moans...and to be permeated by every possible smell and fluid dripping and oozing out of her. I pulled one hand from her breast and squeezed the base of my cock to quell another early tingle, and I saw her snake an arm off of the countertop and go right to the tit that I just left. I leaned out to see...I needed to see her work herself again. I was mesmerized by it, and watched as she twisted her nipple harder than I had, and a long arc of milk sprayed out to hit the front of the cabinet she was leaning on. It was already streaked with dripping lines of pale fluid that we had pulled out of her aching tits.
She wasn't talking now...it was just a stream of rasping gulps, sucking in of air and moans, mixed with rough grunting. My cock felt numb from the stranglehold I had around the base, so I let go and slid back into her, just halfway and then almost all the way out again...then rubbed my bulbous head around her lips and under to her clit. Then back up to plunge into her ragged wet hole...deep to the bottom. And I clamped her nipple harder and milked it like she did with her other one.
Her gasp turned into a sharp growl, "YESSSS...fucking...AGAIN!...I'm...cummmmming..."
And like that freight train of spasms and contractions that she had earlier...it hit her again and even harder this time, with my cock savagely jackhammering into her. She bit down on her hand to muffle her screams, and another stream of hot fluid flooded my cock and balls...not as explosively as the first time she ejaculated, but a longer, steady stream. When I drew my cock out, hot and sharply fragrant fluid bathed my hips and dripped down my legs and onto the carpet. I kept kneading her nipple and breast with wet fingers and saw her frantically doing the same to her other tit. I kept fucking her hard and she squirted twice more...each time with less force, but with shuddering spasms rolled through her whole body.
Between small moans and soft gasping noises, I heard her gulp, then try to steady her breathing, and the muscles in her pussy tightened on my cock. She was squeezing me...trying to milk ME now. And when I felt the small tingling at the base of my shaft and into my balls that would grow to an unstoppable orgasm, I stroked harded and deeper, and let go of her breast to grab her ass in both my hands.
"Baby...I'm going to fucking cum a TON. You're cunt...the way it feels...smells. You are gonna make me EXPLODE!"
Her hand whipped from her breast and thumped back up on the counter...both arms tightly braced. Her voice was a rough whisper.
"Honey...I want you to stay in me...please stay in me baby...CUM in my fucking pussy!"
Hearing that hit a trigger in my brain...a primal switch that flooded my mouth with saliva...and I thrust hard again and felt my cock erupt violently in huge spurts of cum. It felt endless...like I'd never stop cumming...jetting inside of her, and I roughly spread her hips and slapped mine into her open asscheeks. Her wet blonde head snapped up and she gasped loudly.
"Ohhhhh...my...fucking...GOD! I've never felt that much CUM in my LIFE!...honeeeeey...FUCK."
My thrusts slowed as my spasms ebbed away, and I savored the sensation of her pussy gripping my still hard cock. I pushed back into her slick wetness and felt the my semen mixing with her juices...the inside of her pussy was liquid. When I ran my hands over her asscheeks and onto her back, I saw just how sweaty we both were...dripping all over the carpet, which was mostly soaking wet under us. She shook again and her knees buckled just a little.
"UHHHHHHH...words...can't even describe how much I fucking needed that, and how incredible that was. I need sooooo much more of your cock in me...all the time..."
I leaned back and watched my softening cock slide out of her lips until the head popped free, followed by a dollop of stringy white come that expanded and stretched, and then slid down to the carpet. Her ass and crotch took my breath away...cheeks pink from our slapping bodies and a glistening asshole that topped swollen purple lips, gaping open and dripping with our mingled cum.
"Baby...come here. We BOTH need to get off our feet."
I dropped to my knees and pulled back on her hips as she pushed off of the cabinet, then turned and just dropped into my arms. I pulled her into me and we thudded back on the sodden carpet. There was an urgency that I knew we both felt...after this roller coaster of arousal and then come downs, and then orgasmic exposions. To needed to be wrapped now into each other as tightly as possible... it was consuming us.
We frantically stroked and clutched at each other...kissing and licking...trying to ingest as much of each other as we possibly could. I felt her hard nipples sliding on my chest and I pulled her legs up and in, so her knees hugged my ribs. I needed her sandwiched tight on top of me with her ass and crotch opened up as far as possible. Crouching deep on my hips like this pulled her cunt wide open, and my sticky, still twitching cock slid around and through her slick lips. There were no words exchanged as I drew her body into mine, and our mouths locked together to devour each other with our lips and tongues. She moaned into my mouth and and I swallowed a little of her saliva, eagerly gulping it down.
I lifted her head and our mouths pulled apart, and I stared up into her glowing eyes.
"I want you to give me more saliva...right NOW. I need more of it...ALL of it. I swallowed your sweat and milk and pussy juices and cum...now I want what's in your mouth. From now on you are not going to be ashamed of anything your body does, or what comes off or out of you. And you're gonna share it all with me."
She gazed down at me intently, and just nodded her head through my hands, then pressed her lips together and worked her jaw muscles and mouth. It looked like was moving her tongue through and between her back teeth and cheek. She moaned into her closed mouth and her eyes started to close. I closed my fingers in her matted hair and tugged at the wet strands. Her eyes opened.
"I want you to look at me when you feed me. From now, on whatever comes out of your body is mine also. For me to smell and eat and clean. If we're out somewhere and you're dripping sweat, we'll go to the bathroom and you'll take off your dress and heels and I'LL clean you off. Do you understand?"
Her face hovered inches above mine, eyes unblinking, and she nodded her head twice. I slid a hand out of her hair to caress her face and cheek, then parted her lips with two fingers and pulled down on her bottom lip. Her mouth opened and a stream of saliva flowed over her lip and into my open mouth. I held her hair tight with my other hand as she emptied her mouth into mine. Her spit was warm and syrupy, with an earthy but sweeter taste than the pungent watery fluid she ejaculated from her pussy. I gulped once and then again, and savored what was left in my mouth.
She dropped her head on my cheek with her mouth on my ear.
"Steve...no one has ever said things like this to me before. I'm blown away by what you do to my body. HOW you make me feel. And that you want to...not just eat me like this...but you love the things that I've been ashamed of...things I felt I needed to hide from other guys. I don't even know what to say, baby...I want to say more, tell you other things right now. But I'm afraid to babe, Afraid it's too soon."
I nodded to her. "I know. It's scary to me, how fast and deep this has been. And amazing too. I can't stop wanting to just...consume everything about you. But don't say anything now babe...you don't have to. We have plenty of time. Let's at least wait until we get out of Vegas, okay?"
She smiled at me and coughed a small laugh.
"I fucking...LOVE that idea."
I pulled her head down to me and we kissed again...this time softly and tenderly. Taking turns to nibble at our lips and probing each other's mouths with our tongues. I ran mine along the bottom of her gums and up over her teeth, and sucked her tongue deep in my mouth. Then lightly chewed on it, and scraped the soft buds on top part against my teeth. She moaned into my mouth, and the chewing on her tongue released another flood of saliva that I gulped down as I breathed in though my nose. Her hips flattened and moved on my pelvis to mash my cock into her crotch. The slick wetness between us had grown stickier, and I reached around her ass to slide my fingers into it. The whole area between her ass cheeks...starting around her asshole and spreading out and down to where the crest of her large labia started, and then outside her lips and into the juncture where her inner thighs began...all this was gummy with drying juice and semen.
I slid my hand around and over all this...circling the raised ring of her anus and then pulling my fingers deep through her open holes.
Melissa slid her mouth off my lips and gasped. "We are such a fucking mess baby...I can't get enough of it. And I want to taste it...taste us. Please..."
Pulling and opening her lips, I felt a slick, hot juice sluice from her cunt, and I slid fingers deep into her...thrusting with three, and then four fingers. Her inflamed cunt took them in easily and I twisted and turned as deeply as I could, then back out with a wet squelch. Then I curled my fingers and rubbed my hand and knuckles along her gaping opening to smear and coat the rest of my hand with as much of her gooey wetness as I could.
I brought my hand around and between our faces...it glistened with smears of clear and opague glaze, and the smell was powerful. Acrid and sweet at the same time. She didn't hesitate...and began sucking and licking across the length of my hand, from the side of my palm and and between my fingers. I joined her, and together we hungrily ate and savored the richly tart icing until my hand shone wet and clean.
We kissed again...slowly and deep...and she gyrated down into me.
Blood surged into my cock, and it grew and flopped up against her pussy, and she felt it too and moaned hard, and humped her ass to slide it along her crack and onto her asshole. Then, again...and another surge of blood stiffened me more, and she tilted upwards to catch the head just under the back end of her lips...and then she SLOWLY lowered herself until I was completely inside of her. Her head arched back, and she shut her eyes and exhaled through a wide open mouth. I loved her hot musky breath...it engulfed my face and I sucked in deeply though my nose. She opened her eyes and smiled down at me. With her little half crooked smile.
"Yesssssss...I need you like this...IN me...for a long time, bab..."
And then we jolted and froze from a loud and repeated knocking on the door.
"Bobby?? It's Jimmy! There's someone out here in the gym, says they have a 3:30 appointment with you. You in there?"
Melissa's eyes widened and I felt her pussy squeeze my cock.
"Oh fuck"