The limo pulled up in front of the third strip club of the night. The driver opened the door and Willie Roberson waved for Randall and Stephanie to get out first. Stephanie inwardly rolled her eyes. Could Randall's boss be more obvious about wanting to ogle her ass? After the last meeting of the night Willie had insisted on taking them to dinner which Stephanie was fine with, but afterward she just wanted to take Randall upstairs and fuck him senseless. Instead they were being dragged to strip club after strip club.
Stephanie enjoyed strip clubs as much as any sex crazed female. She once told Carlos they titillated her latent bi-sexual urges. Carlos laughed loudly, "Latent? There's nothing latent about them!" Stephanie laughed too because he was so right. Something about watching all the beautiful women of different shapes and sizes and turn-ons got her so incredibly hot. One time in college on a bet she got up on stage and danced with one of the girls. They ended up kissing and making out on stage. She had gotten kicked out and the stripper got fired. But they went home that night fucked each other senseless. Stephanie smiled to herself remembering.
Her smiled became brittle when Willie patted her ass as he said, "Well kids, I've saved the best for last. This place is primo! You're gonna love it. Then we'll be ready to go back to the hotel room and have a little fun." He leered at Stephanie.
Stephanie shot Randall a look that said, Not if my life depended on it. Randall winked at her telling her to relax it would be okay. All three stepped into the club and stopped. It was dazzling. Spread out before them was a panorama of flesh. There had to be nearly a dozen smaller stages plus the main stage up front. Angled picture-size mirrors made it seem as if there were even more stages than there were. From any seat in the house you could see two or three nearly naked girls gyrating away to the music. The hostess greeted Willie by name and directed them to a table close to the main stage.
No stranger to sex or the sex industry, Stephanie gaped around herself like a country cousin. All the women were stunning and, surprisingly, unique. Tall, small, flat-chested, well-endowed, blond, brunette or auburn -- everyone was different. One girl with bubble-gum pink hair was peeling off a jacket with punker symbols and slogans on it. She had a safety pin in her eyebrow and a stud in her nose. Oh, and a stud in her tongue, Stephanie could now see as the girl flickered her tongue toward one of the men surrounding her. There were saucy girls, bratty girls, good girls and bad girls. There were elegant woman dancing with grace and poise while younger, more awkward, girls did little more than jump and wiggle.
"Isn't this Great?" Willie said sitting down at an empty table. He bounced up and down in his seat like a 5 year old at his birthday party. "I love this place. They're great. You're gonna love the girls. They're Great!"
"Yeah. Everything looks great, Willie."
Willie beamed completely missing the irony. He ordered a round of drinks and took out his wallet. Randall and Stephanie sat down too and turned their attention to the main stage. Stephanie's eyes nearly bugged out of her head. On stage were a couple of women dancing together. At least Stephanie assumed they were supposed to be dancing. At the moment their arms were wrapped around each other and they were making out. The music shifted and they separated. Each girl was dancing separately now; each working her own side of the stage. Willie was cat-calling and waving a ten in the air. The closest girl danced over to them and shimmied down so Willie could tuck the bill into her g-string. The dancer, a buxom red head with a riot of freckles and just the tiniest swell to her belly, saw Stephanie and crawled over to her. She locked eyes with Stephanie and danced suggestively at her for a few bars. Stephanie was entranced. Fuck the girl was hot! Fucking hot. Stephanie was a wash with passion. She wanted to peel the girl's sparkly bustier off and kiss those sexy tits. She couldn't believe she wasn't doing it right now. She could almost feel the girl's lips on her, her hands on Stephanie's tits caressing and squeezing them.
The music shifted and the red head dancer moved on to another man waving cash in the air. Stephanie came back to herself and felt something in her hand. She looked down and saw a twenty dollar bill.
"Why didn't you give it to her? Now she won't come back." Willie asked oblivious to it all. Stephanie didn't answer but looked at Randall. He was staring back at her. He, too, had seen the instant passion between the two women. Stephanie felt the blood pumping close to her skin. Her breath was shallow, her panties were soaked and she could feel her nipples poking against the rough fabric of her dress. She took a deep breath. She had to get a hold of herself.
She smiled at Willie, "Don't worry. She'll be back." She handed him back the twenty. Willie finally noticed something was different.
"I guess you liked her a lot!" He was staring at the nipple protruding through her dress.
"Fuck it," she thought, might as well brazen my way through. She gripped her breasts and squeezed them. "You said it, Willie! This place is great!"
She rubbed her hands over her nipples and turned back to the stage. Red and the other dancer who had jet black hair were dancing together again. This time Red was in front and Blackie was behind her. Both were facing the same direction. Moving with the throbbing, pulsating music Blackie was guiding Red's hands. The left hand was holding a breast and pinching the nipple; the right was slipping into Red's tiny thong. Blackie's fingers outside the panties gently pushed Red's finger which was inside the panties, into her pussy. Stephanie had seen a lot of masturbation in her life and it didn't look fake to her at all. Those girls were masturbating on stage. Soon Blackie's hand was in Red's g-string and Red's hands were going at her tits. Blackie was kissing Red's neck and Red's head was flung back in wanton pleasure. The ladies twisted to face each other and started kissing again. They broke apart and worked the crowd again. This time Blackie was dancing in front of them. Willie was cheering like he was at a Bulls game. Even Randall was whistling. Stephanie forced herself to look at Blackie who was as stunningly hot in her own way as Red. She had honey colored skin that was tan, but not too tan. Her legs were long and her belly smooth. Her breasts were modest, but certainly shapely. She was sexy as all hell, but Stephanie's eyes kept flicking back to Red on the far side of the stage. The two dancers danced back to one another. This time most of their dance was face to face. Sexy sinewy slithering movement up and down each other. Hands everywhere touching, grabbing, groping each other. Kissing, licking and biting each other's lips, necks, shoulders and nipples. Stephanie was getting as worked up as the performers. She was swaying to the music on her vinyl covered seat and rubbing her legs together. Her excitement was rising. Randall glanced at her and saw how close she was to cumming. He smiled with indulgent awe at his mistress' sensuality. His eyes returned to Blackie and Red then back to Stephanie. He wondered is she was going to get off before or with the dancers.
Stephanie watched the dancers' orgasms building and felt her own coming. She had to hold it back. Not in front of Willie, she couldn't. She had to hold it in. It was like holding back the ocean. Oh my God! I can't help it. She bit her lip and tried to keep still as she felt her body trembling with the force of her suppressed release. A small moan escaped her.
Randall heard a suppressed moan from Stephanie. She was cumming. Randall saw her tremble and her eyes roll back in her head for a moment. At the same moment he heard, "Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhh." His eyes flipped back to the stage. The dancers were climaxing clutching each other and shuddering. The crowd went mad. Applause, cat-calls, cheering rocketed throughout the strip club. Money showered onto the stage. The girls kissed each other, turned to the audience, blew everyone a kiss and walked off stage. Stephanie was cheering as loud as everyone else.
A pair of stage hands walked on stage and swept up the money into baskets. These ladies had healthy college funds. Willie was still oblivious to it all.
"Now we're talkin'" his voice slurred. Coming on stage now were two women in black leather. A tall blond in thigh high boots holding a leash. Behind her attached to the leash, a shorter blond crawled after her. Stephanie inwardly sighed. BDSM shows were so boring. Most of it was staged and pretty tame.
"Would you like to take me home?" a voice whispered in her ear.
Stephanie started and glanced next to her. Red was leaning over her shoulder smiling.
"What" Stephanie asked.
"I asked if you would like to have a private dance with me? In one of the rooms?"
Randall answered before Stephanie even understood the question. "Yes, we would."
Red smiled. "Follow me." She lead them to a doorway hung with a red velvet curtain.
Stephanie looked inquiringly at Randall as she stood up. Randall grinned back at her.
"Come on, Willie." Randall hauled Willie, who was looking pasty faced and sweaty, to his feet.
"Huh," he slurred. Then he saw Red leading them to the curtained doorway. "All Right!" He exclaimed getting the picture.
"He's paying." Randall said to the doorman gesturing to the semi-conscious Willie. Willie fumbled for his wallet and then thrust it at Randall. Randall handed the doorman a few folded bills and propelled Willie into the room after Stephanie and the redhead.
The ladies hadn't wasted any time. Stephanie was already seated and Red was slinkily gyrating in front of her. The room was small without being cramped. There was a small round stage with a red velvet covered love seat in front. That was where Stephanie was sitting. Two similar chairs were behind that. Scattered around the stage were other identical chairs. The lights were low, but not dim. Randall dropped Willie into the closest chair. He carefully chose a seat where he could watch Red AND Stephanie. Red's music had a jazzy feel, but Randall, a jazz lover, couldn't place artist.
The freckled covered girl was now caressing her breasts and biting her lower lip. Stephanie was transfixed. She stared at the girl and saw nothing else. Randall might as well not even been in the room. Willie wasn't even on the same planet as Stephanie. Her eyes were glued to the sensual redhead in front of her. Red's hands were under her top now squeezing and mauling her own breasts. Stephanie was gripping the edge of the seat cushion as if she was holding her self to it. Red drifted forward a few steps; her hips thrust to Stephanie tantalizing her. Stephanie licked her lips and stared mesmerized.
"You want me, don't you?" whispered the dancer. Stephanie nodded. "I want you, too. I want you to fondle your own breasts."
Stephanie immediately put her hands on her breasts and squeezed them hard.
"That's right. Squeeze 'em hard; rough 'em up. Do you like it rough?"
Stephanie nodded.
"But I bet you like it soft too."
Stephanie nodded.
"You like it every way, don'tcha." Red purred to her. Stephanie smiled. Red danced behind her and unclasped her dress. The top of Stephanie's dress loosened and drifted downward revealing the tops of her breasts.
"Kiss them for me." Red whispered. "Kiss them for me and I'll kiss mine for you."
Stephanie lifted one breast out of her dress and kissed it then she looked up at Red. Red smiled and pulled the stretchy material off one breast and kissed it. Stephanie raised her other to her lips. This time her tongue flicked out and licked it before she kissed it. Red mirrored her. Now Red was dancing with her breasts fully exposed. Stephanie kept watching and stroking her breasts.
Reds hand were gliding over her gently rounded belly and across the top of her thigh. She danced her fingers over the top of her thong. "Is your pussy wet? Mine is. It made me so hot dancing in front of you on the main stage. When Connie and me orgasmed, all I could picture was you. I knew I wanted to dance for you. Just for you. Alone."
"Alone?" thought Randall.
Stephanie had her skirt pulled up and her fingers on her pussy.
"I would like to see your pussy." Red whispered. "Just a peak. I can't show you mine, but I'll touch mine. Let me see a little peak of your pussy and I'll cum for you. I'll get myself off right in front of you."
Stephanie looked carefully at the girl. Not so lust soaked that she couldn't see the risk. One tiny flash could get her arrested. Stephanie looked carefully at the girl. So did Randall. He couldn't detect anything that hinted at a trap or a set up. All he saw was girl nearly trembling with lust as she swayed to the low jazz music. Stephanie must have seen the same thing because her fingers hooked into the edge of her lace panties and pulled back the thin strip of fabric that separated the legal from the illegal.
Red gasped, "It's so beautiful. I want it so much. I want to taste it. I want to lick it and kiss it until you cum all over my face." She was panting with lust and hand her own hand under her thong fingers moving frantically. "Oh my Goddess, you are so sexy. Your body is so amazing. Your breasts are so full and luscious. And your pussy. So wet and flushed. Touch it. Touch it again for me."
Stephanie's fingers were moving up and down her pussy lips. On the down stroke Stephanie' middle finger would slid deep into her pussy.
"Are you fucking yourself, too? I'm glad. I want to cum with you. Do you want to cum with me?"
Stephanie nodded. Her fingers movie fast.
"I'm almost there. Are you? Can we do it. Can we cum together?"
"Oh yes." whispered Stephanie. "I'm almost there."
"Me too. I'm going to cum."
"I'm cumming with you. I'm cumming. Ahhhh, yes, I'm cumming." Stephanie wailed.
"YES! Together. Cum together. Cum. Cum! Yes, CUM!" moaned Red and then gently collapsed to the floor. Stephanie collapsed back into the love seat.
"Oh God. That was great." Stephanie breathed.
"Fuck yes." Red agreed.
Randall softly moved behind Stephanie and kissed her. He refastened her dress at the same time. "That was beautiful. I must get you back to our room."
Stephanie nodded weakly. With an effort, she turned her head to look at Red. "Did you mean it? Do you want to eat my pussy."
Red smiled at her from the stage floor. "Oh yes. You must taste great."
"Then you can come back with us." Randall said.
"No, I can't." Red said. "I have to finish my shift."
Randall shook his head. "You're going to be leaving with Willie. He's one of your boss's best customers. He's here once a month and he spends a fortune each time. They won't bat an eye. Come on."
Red liked like she was trying to say something, but she was stopped by Stephanie. "Shhhhh," Stephanie stood up and helped Red up. "Everything will work out. Don't think about it. Just come with us. Come back to our hotel room and kiss my pussy."
Red nodded and the two moved toward the exit. Randall took charge of Willie.
"Come Willie. Show's over."
"It is?" Willie slurred. "How was it?"
"It was great. Fucking great." Randall assured him pulling him out of his seat.
"She was all over me, wasn't she?"
"Hell yes. She bumped and ground all over you until she came on your lap."
"Hehehe, she did, didn't she. Came like a fucking bitch in heat."
"You're an animal Willie." Randall praised him while guiding him through the club. "You got her so hot, she's coming back to the hotel with us."
"She is?" Willie blinked at him then seemed to recover himself. "Of course she did. They love me here. I told you."
"They love you here, Willie. This place is Great."
"Great" Willie bobbed his head up and down. "Didn't I tell you? Great."
They reached the door. Randall coached Willie. "Tell the door man that Red is coming with us and give him a good tip."
"You betcha." smiled Willie. He lurched drunkenly at the door man. "Red's coming with me. She likes me."
The doorman leaned a bit away from him. Willie opened up his wallet and stuffed the rest of his cash in the doorman's hand. "I love it here. You guys are great. Just great!"
"Yes, sir. Great." The doorman handed Willie back to Randall and opened the door for them. Randall propelled Willie out the door to the waiting limo.