I was still happily working away as a Stripper and Lap Dancer at my local strip club, with the odd guest appearance thrown in at the owners other clubs, usually when he wanted a night away to fuck me senseless with his huge hard cock. James never seemed to mind when I was off doing a "Guest spot" as I always told him every single detail, whilst I stroked his cock to orgasm. This was his little kink, which pleased him even more if there was a little humiliation involved. Humiliation for James would be my boss sliding his huge cock in my shaved pussy and slut ass, while he panted how much I loved his cock as it was so much bigger and harder than my husbands. For some reason James liked this sort of thing and to be honest I quite liked it also!
I also did the odd stag party for special friends, where I'd ultimately end up fucking the guest of honour and some of the party guests. It was at one of these events that I was approached by one of the guests, who told me he was called Mark who work as a glamour photographer and that I was as sexy and flamboyant as any of the models he'd photographed. I'd just fucked the groom, while best man fucked my ass, with both of them finishing off on my huge tits.
We got chatting after the party ended where I spent ten minutes wiping the groom and best mans spunk off my pierced breasts. The cum shot was much to the delight of the gathered audience.
The photographers conversation was most intriguing and we both were enjoying a couple of drinks and arranging a photography session at his studio, before we ended up in his hotel room, with me wearing only my stockings, garters and high heels, bent over his bed whilst he spanked my buttocks and fucked my ass. A wonderful way to end the working day. He began by fucking my pussy, but there is something the guys love about fucking a slut right up the ass.
His cock was sliding in and out of my ass, making me feel dirty and horny, two of my favourite emotions. As he approached orgasm he withdrew his cock and ejaculated all over my firm ass, rubbing his deposit into my smooth flesh.
"Fucking hell Suzi!" he blurted "I'll need to spunk all over your tits during our photo shoot!" He laughed heartily.
"Only my tits?" I teased.
"So you have no objections?" he enquired with a dazzling smile.
"I'm a slut babe! It's what I do best!" I retorted "I love being a slut and my husband loves me being a slut!"
He arranged that I visit his studio on the Saturday morning (the next day), and gave me a list of lingerie to bring along for the photo shoot. Reading through his list was a piece of cake to accommodate his request, due to the extensive lingerie and sexy clothing I have in my collection.
He then informed me that his assistant would be in attendance during the shoot, helping him with his set up, helping me get dressed, touching up of make up and hair and any other assistance we would require. He smiled asking if I was ok with his assistant being in attendance?
The slut in me raised to the surface as I blurted out.
"I'm an exhibitionist slut, I just hope he's hot!" I smiled leerily.
"The other girls seem to think so! I've used him on other shoots, when I've had a model who was willing to do some of the more risqué boy girl continental shoots!" He said with an obvious hint.
I was laying on his bed post coital, spunk spread around my smooth ass, still wearing my stockings and garters, arranging a modelling session, which from the sounds of it, had some seriously naughty potential.
"Risqué boy girl continental shoots! Would that be porn shoots by any chance?" I giggled.
"Busted!" He laughed "It's where I make the most money! Stills or video's! They both are very good sources of income and very enjoyable to work on! I'm sure it would be sensational working on one with you!"
His smiling and presence just oozed charm as he cast his eyes over my almost naked body.
I opened my stockinged legs, sliding my right index finger in my shaved slit and stroked my cum hungry pussy gently.
"I'm definitely up for a little glamour work and I'm available for some open leg stuff, not too sure about the Porn shoot though. Let's see how it goes!" I smiled, not approving or dismissing, but giving it serious consideration.
"It would be criminal not to capture your glorious body, sexy demeanour and unbelievable sexual skills on film!" He smiled on the charm offensive.
"If you can fuck my pussy and fill it with your cum right now, I'll give serious consideration to appearing in one of your porno's!" I teased, sliding my finger with more urgency between my excited labia.
"I'll fuck your pussy, but wont be coming inside it! We'll need it unblemished for your porn shoot tomorrow!" He smiled confidently.
I looked into his eyes, smiling wickedly as I continued sliding my finger in and out of my pussy.
"OK then, you can fuck my pussy then practice coming on my face! I know all of you porno guys love the money shot!" I giggled "Letting you in on a little secret, some of us girls enjoy the money shot also!"
Kneeling between my opened legs, he held his cock at the base and slowly fed all eight inches into my shaved pussy. He rested on his elbows as my stockinged legs wrapped around his muscular back. His lips were close to mine as I felt his warm breath on my sensitive lips.
"If you can be this much of a slut on camera, then we will have one hell of a movie!" He whispered then placed his lips over mine as our tongues entwined in a sexual dance.
"You've no idea. How much of a slut I can be!" I said seductively, raising my hips to meet his downward thrusts.
"I'll be on the camera, but I would still want to fuck you after the shoot!" He whispered arousing my ear with his hot breath and pillow talk.
"Would that be before or after I've been cleaned up and had all of the spunk removed?" I panted frantically, arousing myself with my dirty talk.
He thrust his cock in and out of my tight pussy, mauling my breasts like a savage beast. His eyes were glazed and his cock was rock hard, as his arousal increased with every stroke.
"Come in my mouth when you're ready!" I panted "If there is no trace or smell of spunk, my husband will think I've been performing at a gay bachelor party!"
I was thrusting my pussy on to the cock of a guy I will be making a porn movie for and didn't know his name! This aroused me intensely, causing me to orgasm, just as he withdrew his cock and knew at the side of my head. I turned my lips towards the head of his cock as he speedily jerked his cock. My lips were open over the tip of his cock as the first splash of spunk flew into my slut mouth. I slipped my lips over his cock, slithering my tongue around his exploding bell end, taking every drop of his creamy come down my throat. I've sucked a lot of cocks and swallowed a lot of spunk, but never had I ever tasted a spunk, so creamy and virile. The photographer obviously worked out, with his lean muscular physique on display, but his diet must be very clean to produce such perfect tasting sperm. It was absolutely delicious and it was a taste I wanted to repeat.
I laid back on the bed, stockinged legs wide open, displaying my gaping pussylips as he stared down at me.
"I wish I had my camera with me!" He smiled "There is something magical about the flush of ladies flesh post coital!"
"Use your iPhone and I'll put on a little show for you!" I smiled, pushing two fingers inside my pussy.
He walked over to the coffee table, picking up his phone, he keyed the pass code in to it, then began clicking photographs of me in all of my slut glory.
"Place two fingers from your other hand inside your pussy and pull it open to show me your pink hole!" He smiled wickedly.
"Only if you spit inside me!" I grinned.
"You dirty cheating slut!" He smiled, moving his mouth closer to my pussy.
I placed the other two fingers inside my very wet pussy and held my lips apart, revealing my inner pink wetness. He spat forcefully, directly inside my pussy, forcefully enough to startle me and cause me to moan with sexual delight.
"Oh fuck yeah! Treat me like a whore! I'll be your porn star tomorrow if you make me come one last time!" I panted, my arousal inflamed from his spitting in my pussy.
His tongue lay flat on my clitoris as he pressed his wet muscle over my blood engorged bud. His thumb went inside my pussy as his forefinger slid into my asshole. He began to move his finger and thumb, pressing on to the thin membrane flesh between my ass and pussy walls. His flat tongue oscillating on my clitoris enriched by the sensations of his finger and thumb, provided me with the most glorious orgasm of the evening.
I lost all track of time at how long the orgasm lasted, but it was a remarkably long time. With my orgasm subsiding, my pussy became unbearably sensitive, as I moved away from his tongue and digits.
Shaking my head in disbelief, I smiled at the photographer and said.
"You'll need to give me a business card with the address of the studio!" I smiled, acting all business like and efficient.
He picked up a card from the desk opposite, handing it to me slowly, staring at my almost naked body.
"So your name is Mark!" I giggled, letting him know that I was such a slut to fuck I him without knowing his name.
Mark smiled, shaking his head, he raised his eyebrows then shrugged his shoulders.
"Get me a taxi please, I need to cool my pussy down before you and your help destroy it tomorrow!" I giggled "I can't wait to see the face on my husband when I tell him what's on my schedule tomorrow!"
Mark laughed, somewhat nervously, remembering that I had told him I was married and in an open relationship.
"Is he going to be ok with you making porn movies, displayed all over the World Wide Web!" Mark said with a quizzical look.
"I never thought about it being on the net!" I said, rather excited at the prospect of taking my exhibitionism to a global level "It's making me horny just thinking about it!"
"You really are the real deal exhibitionist slut!" Mark sniggered.
"I'm not convinced James will approve, but I'm fucking well up for it!" I smiled, already conjuring up a plan to convince James of my intentions.
Mark moved from the bed and headed in the direction of the desk. Lifting the screen of his laptop, light shone from the screen as he turned his head back toward me and smiled.
"I'll give you the link showing some of my work to show James. I have a few models who's partners get off on them being porno sluts!" He grinned "I think with your lifestyle, both you and James could get something out of this!"
I didn't realise my photographer was so liberated or that our lifestyle choice was so popular. I walked over to the desk, still parading in the stockings and garter belt as though it was the most natural thing in the world, which for me wasn't too far from the truth.
I looked at the screen showing views of very sexy men and women, partaking in just about every sexual activity imaginable. The settings, the models and the photography was of a very high calibre, which could make the selling of this to James that much easier.
"Don't worry as you would be given a porno stage name and your appearance will be altered slightly! Either a wig or fake tattoo or some other method will be used to give you an element of anonymity!" Mark soothed.
"Imagine the cock I'll get in future just from looking like me? Bizarre, and I like bizarre!" I laughed throatily.
"Give me your email address and I'll send the link!" Mark stated efficiently.
I typed my email address into the email on his screen. Mark copy and pasted the link into the email and pressed send.
As easy as that, my application into the world of glamour modelling and porn had just commenced. I just need to convince James, then we can get this show on the road!