The Beautiful Disaster that is Cobalt
The Flash from the Past
This is a work of fiction. The Frost School For Gifted Women is a college. All characters are over 18; we checked IDs. 18 to enter, 21 to drink. This is part two of the prequel.
The reading order is as such
1 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess
2 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess and so we fight
3 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess 3rd
4 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess prequel
5 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess pre 2
Song for this story is 'Kono Te Nobashite' by Hi-Fi company
The girl with blue-streaked raven hair is working through her fighting forms one by one in the dojo, allowing the movements to become second nature like breathing - to simply move when needed.
Pulling out her digital music player, Cobalt hits 'play' and 'Awesome As I Wanna Be' by Rainbowdash and the Rainbooms starts blaring in her ears. The woman known as the Princess of Cats begins jumping around, dancing and singing.
"Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Awesome as I wanna be
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Awesome as I wanna be
First you see me riding on a sonic boom
Got my guitar shreddin' up the latest tune
There is nothin' you can do to beat me
I'm so good that you can't defeat me
I'm awesome
Take caution
Watch out for me
I'm awesome as I wanna be
I'm awesome
Take caution
Watch out for me
I'm awesome as I wanna be
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Step aside now
You're just gettin' in my way
I got sick chops you can never hope to play
When it comes to makin' music, I'm the ruler
You wish you could be twenty percent cooler
I'm awesome
Take caution
Watch out for me
I'm awesome as I wanna be
Yeah!, I'm awesome
Take caution
Watch out for me
I'm awesome as I wanna be!"
Lost in the music, Cobalt is unaware that her partner - the purple-haired nerd-girl, Sabine - has walked into the gym.
She bears orders from their leader or the Kouachi word for it Meishu Bex, but she's hesitant to break Cobalt's reverie. She takes in the sight of the often-introverted Princess jumping around playing air guitar with a genuine smile. She's only seen that smile twice in the few years they've been together.
She spares her partner any unnecessary embarrassment; she sneaks back around the corner and slams the door to announce her presence. "Hey, CK; you in here?"
The dancing Princess, acutely aware she's going to have company soon, stops and responds. "I'm in the main dojo."
Hiding her smirk, Sabine replies, "So, CK, we got the approval to move to the 'States but it's conditional on taking on this undercover mission at the Frost School For Gifted Girls."
With a grimace Cobalt groans, "Ugh, school again? I'm not academically gifted."
With a scowl, Sabine says, "We aren't graduating; we are going undercover to collect and verify information, so our academic acumen doesn't really matter."
With a shrug, Cobalt replies, "If you say so, Sabine."
Having become more accustomed to Cobalt speak, Sabine knows what that actually means: I'll go along, but this whole thing is incredibly stupid.
Adjusting her tone to be more compassionate, Sabine responds, "Just have Jo pack your bags; I'll arrange our travel." Sabine turns and leaves the sweaty mess that is Cobalt behind to shower.
Stripping her gi off, she stuffs it in her gym bag. She sets her music player up to play while showering. Cobalt selects 'Get Off' by Halestorm. Strolling over to the row of showers to the beat of the music. she turns the water on, letting it flow over her skin. She lathers up her loofah, working it over her chest. Unbeknownst to the raven haired warrior, she has an admirer. It seems Tabatha has wandered into the gym in time for a show.
Slowly working her fingers over her erect nipples, the Princess moans. She loves the sensation of her slick, wet nipples being pulled on, and, as the song build in its intensity, her strong fingers match it.
'You don't know that I know,
You watch me every night
And I just can't resist the urge
To stand here in the light.'
Tabitha sees the soapy visage of a nude Cobalt teasing her nipples, lost in pleasure. Tabatha quickly ducks behind a row of lockers, not wanting to interrupt.
'Your greedy eyes upon me
And then I come undone
And I could close the curtains
But this too much fun
I get off on you
Getting off on me.'
With her hands running over her pussy, the Princess begins rolling her fingers up and down her wet, wet, wet, pussy. She's really playing to the audience she knows she has; from the flash of pink, she knows it's Tabatha watching her touch herself, and that knowledge is getting her more excited than even the nipple action itself. It's as if she can feel Tabatha's eyes on her very snatch, her lustful gaze beaming red heat directly into Cobalt's very hungry pussy.
'I give you what you want
But nothing is for free
It's a give and take
Kinda life we make
When your line is crossed
I get off
I get off.'
Turning around, letting the water run down her back, the Princess is now leaning over slightly. She's showing off her cute little ass, wiggling it, teasing poor Tabatha, whose hand has now subconsciously started rubbing herself under her skirt and inside her panties.
'So much left unspoken
Between the two of us
It's so much more exciting
To look when you can touch
You could say I am different
And maybe I'm a freak
But I know how to twist ya
To bring you to your knees.'
Reaching under herself, slowly stroking her clit, the black-haired blue-streaked goddess slides a finger deep into her pussy. Her sounds of pleasure echo off the walls like stereo surround sound. Biting her lip, Tabatha runs her fingers faster as the sounds of Cobalt's pleasure reverberate against the voyeur's defenseless pussy.
'I get off on you
Getting off on me
I give you what you want
But nothing is for free
It's a give and take
Kinda life we make
When your line is crossed.'
Pushing the teasing to a whole new level, Cobalt gives her ass a slap and moans in pleasure. She continues to rub herself, making sure Tabatha gets the best view of her open pussy. It's calling out to be filled by more than just the Princess's finger. Cobalt wonders if Tabatha will lose control and burst out from behind those lockers, and maybe offer to help her out.
'I get off
I get off
But you don't know
But you can't see
It's what you forgive
Out here for me
I get off on you
Getting off on me
I give you what you want
Yeah.'
She reaches up, pulling her nipple again. She loves this feeling -- being watched. it's a sexual experience she's never had before.Cobalt finds she wishes more people were watching her act like a wanton slut.
'I get off on you
Getting off on me
I give you what you want
But nothing is for free
It's a give and take
Kinda life we make.'
Both women have unknowingly have synced up; Tabatha's just as turned on by watching as Cobalt is by being watched. Cobalt feels the dam holding her orgasm back break as she howls - a mewling moan that reverberates thanks to the acoustics of the shower. The sheer power of that scream is targeted straight at Tabatha's pussy.
Her knees shake; she buckles, and there's a 'plop
sound as her wet skin connects with the floor. Tabatha's own orgasm causes her body to tremble. Afterwards, she's torn between gasping for air and remaining silent, still not knowing that Cobalt had long since detected her presence.
'When your line is crossed
I get off
I get off
Yea, I get off
Yea, I get off
I get off.'
********
Cobalt and Sabine arrive at the dorms of the Frost School For Gifted Girls. Hopping out of the limo, Cobalt extends her hand to Sabine, helping her out of the luxurious vehicle..
"Isn't a limo a little much, and bringing us unwanted attention?"
Shaking her head, Cobalt answers, "Not showing up in a limo would have made us stand out. Now we blend right in."
The pair are greeted by a young woman with red hair. "Hello, ladies! My name is A-ko, and, according to my paperwork here, you're Cobalt Kodachi and Sabine Makoto. All your things have been put away to your specifications. You've been assigned room thirteen." As A-ko turns and leaves the pair on their own.
Cobalt finds the dorm in short order and pushes the door open. It leads directly into the main living room, which is is a common area with a couch and a decent TV. There's a kitchen, too, separated by just a doorframe. The bedrooms are on both sides of the common rooms, with a joint bathroom in the middle.
As the pair enter the room they are greeted by a short, brown-haired girl. She's wearing a unique and pretty dress. The cut is a cross between a summer style and something more classic - almost a hybrid Alice/summer dress look. Sabine thinks it's very stylish; Cobalt doesn't seem to care.
She introduces herself as Mindy McCready from the Bronx, New York. Bounding up to her, Sabine handles the introduction as Cobalt checks out the room.
"So, the antisocial one is Cobalt, and I'm Sabine. We're working on her people skills. It's a slow process."
With a sweet smile Mindy says, "No big deal. We have all year to get to know her."
"Where did you get that dress? It's amazing."
With a huge grin, Mindy replies, "It's a Candy's Fashion House dress. I'm a huge fan of the model Kelli. She's so awesome! She recently came out as being a guy, and that made me love her even more."
Mindy tells Sabine more about Kelli and her modeling career. Sabine finds the conversation intriguing; it's not a subject she talks about with anyone from the clan, and certainly not with her lover.
Cobalt makes a beeline for her gear, ensuring that Bex packed everything. It's all there. Finally looking over the school uniform, Cobalt grumbles, "Fuckin' skirt. Ugh."
It's not a bad room, in her opinion. It has two single beds which are obviously getting pushed together tonight. The slightly-agitated Princess plays 'Simple and Clean' by Utada Hikaru.
"When you walk away, you don't hear me say,
please, oh baby, don't go,
Simple and clean is the way that you're makin' me feel tonight,
it's hard to let it go
You're giving me
too many things lately,
you're all I need
You smiled at me and said,
'Don't get me wrong I love you,
but does that mean I have to meet your father?'
When we are older you'll understand,
what I meant when I said 'no'
I don't think life is quite that simple
When you walk away,
you don't hear me say,
'Please, oh baby, don't go'
Simple and clean is the way that you're makin' me feel tonight,
it's hard to let it go."
A moody Princess pulls her jeans off, dropping them on the floor. She continues her singing and dancing for a while, but then pushes Sabine's bed next to hers, because she knows Sabine would've done it later anyway. The Princess of Cats crawls into bed.
*********
She awakens to what's becoming a familiar feeling: Sabine's hand down the front of her panties. Her face is buried in Cobalt's neck. The raven-haired warrior untangles herself from Sabine's limbs -- and that and hand in her crotch.
Grabbing her uniform, the Princess begins getting dressed. Sabine's alarm goes off, bringing the purple-haired drool machine out of her deep sleep.
Yawning, she sees Cobalt dressed in her school uniform. "You're ready for class already?"
Exiting the room with a smile, Cobalt says, "I'll wait for you in the common room."
Rising from the bed, Sabine begins getting dressed in her own uniform. Cobalt, meanwhile, is rummaging through the fridge. She finds an orange juice, grabs it and begins drinking. While she's waiting for Sabine, Mindy enters the kitchen area.
"So you're Cobalt, right? Sabine told me all about you last night. My name's Mindy McCready."
Sipping her orange juice, Cobalt replies, "Nice to meet you too, Mindy."
Sabine bounds in from the bedroom. "So, CK, did you finally speak to Mindy?"
With a smile, Cobalt sais, "We've spoken." The raven-haired, blue-streaked Princess grabs her class schedule. "Looks like we're in home economics first, Sabine."
Mindy jumps in, letting the girls know she also has home economics, and wouldn't mind showing the way. Cobalt nods her affirmation, and Sabine is thrilled to have the help.
The three girls enter the class. Their teacher - a Mrs. Tyson, according to their schedules -motions the girls to take a seat at the cooking station. It being mid-semester already, Sabine and Cobalt are paired together.
With a low grumble, Cobalt says, "Fuck, Sabine. I don't know what any of these cooking things do. I've never cooked."
Sabine whispers back to Cobalt. "it's fine. I think if I can ace our class's chemistry course, cooking should be child's play."
Mrs. Tyson begins speaking. "Okay, class. Today we're going to have a free day. Pick something from the pantry and make it."
Sabine pulls Cobalt in close. "Look, let's just grab something simple."
Cobalt hisses back. "You've met Jo and you've had her cooking. Yeah, between sword training, shooting, martial arts class, I totally had time to learn to cook."
Returning with a few things, Cobalt and Sabine struggle to make anything. Both suffer from a case of terminal hopelessness in the kitchen. Sabine puts some oil into a skillet, turns on the heat, and promptly forgets all about it. A few minutes later, there's a woosh of flames.
Grabbing the back of Sabine's shirt, Cobalt jumps back, pulling Sabine away from the towering flames. They look at each other, confused about what to do next. Mindy, a woman of action, grabs the fire extinguisher. She puts out the fire, but Mrs. Tyson is clearly aggravated by her two new students.
With a low whisper to Sabine, Cobalt says, "So much for 'low profile.' By the end of the day we're gonna be the crazy new girls that tried burning down the school."
Shaking her head in agreement, Sabine grumbles, "Cooking is fucking stupid."
After the bell, Cobalt and Sabine are held back, and Mrs. Tyson curtly informs them they'll each be paired with a more experienced student. They both readily agree, then run to gym class.
**********
They barely make it there on time, quickly changed into shorts and shirts.
Their instructor, Mrs. Trunchbull, begins speaking. "Looks like we have two new Princesses that don't think my time is important. I think it's time we had a match day to do a physical check on the two new girls."
Taking a step forward Sabine, grabs Cobalt, trying to pull her back while keeping her mouth covered. Unfortunately for Sabine, she isn't quick enough to snag the always-unapologetic Princess of Cats.
As she sees Trunchbull storming her way to the two, Sabine has an epiphany: she should just let the Princess off her leash and let her eat the bitch alive.
Trudging over to the two new students, Trunchbull growls, "I'm a black belt of the Rex-kwon-do style of fighting."
Sabine knows this hippo of a woman stands no chance against her partner, but she tries to hold her laughter in. She knows Trunchbull's feeble attempts at intimidation are useless, and that Cobalt's response will be epic. She releases her hold on the Princess of Cats.
Cobalt flashes a wicked smile towards the gym teacher. "Is it my turn? Okay, you're on. Let's have a match."
Staring down the Princess, Trunchbull says, "Oh, you have to go through a match of my choice. Win that and then you get to fight me."
With no fear, the raven-haired warrior with blue streaks glares. "Deal, but I get to play my music during both matches."
With an incredulous look,Trunchbull gives a dismissive, "Whatever."
Putting an arm around Cobalt, Sabine says, "You do know how to make friends, don't you?"
Shouting in Trunchbull's direction, Cobalt says, "It's all good. I'm gonna jam my foot so far up your snatch that my toes will work your mouth like a sock puppet."
Sabine pulls Cobalt into the locker room. "Settle down, Kitty. Let's get you ready." Wrapping Cobalt's hands in tape, she asks, "So what do you want me to say for your entrance?"
Giving Sabine a gentle peck on the lips, she answers, "Nothing. Just play the Naruto fight theme. I want them to wonder how good I really am." As the lovers walk out together.
Sabine plays the requested track as Cobalt exits the locker room, ready for business. The Trunchbull is walking her fighter out - all 6' of Domino Amelia-Elara, with red eyes and red, black-streaked hair. Domino moves like a Clydesdale.
Trunchbull begins announcing that Domino is undefeated, going twenty to zero. It's not just a streak. She's literally never lost.
Cobalt does some stretching motions, letting the Naruro battle theme echo through the gym. With a serene calm about her, Cobalt almost glides up to her line.
In contrast, Domino is almost stomping to her line. "You move pretty gracefully - like a cat. Yeah, 'cat bitch,' that's you. I can't wait to play with you, cat bitch."
Not letting the verbal taunts affect her, Cobalt keeps her cool and serene temperament.
"Hey Cobalt, she doesn't look like she misses many meals does she?" Sabine asks.
Chuckling, Cobalt replies, "No, babe, it doesn't look like she misses many meals at all."
With a look of concern, Sabine asks, "Seriously - can you beat her? She's the size of a NBA center."
With a Cheshire-Cat-like grin, Cobalt says, "I fought my mother, Freyja, daily for years, and Mom holds nothing back. She's sent me to the hospital like four times. I think only one time was on purpose. So trust me, she's got nothing on Mommy Dearest. Besides, even if I lose, what? The Trunchbull gloats for a little bit? It's not the end of the world. Besides, you know I hate bullies. I'm a goddamn giant slayer; you can believe that."
With a look of confidence, Sabine pats Cobalt's ass. "Go get her, CK."
With the confidence born of real fights won, the Princess of Cats readies herself for the upcoming bout.
Borderline growling, Domino caustically spits out, "Shit, you might actually last longer than 30 seconds."
Seizing an opportunity to help the actual mission, Cobalt goads Domino. "If you're so sure that I won't last thirty seconds, let's bet on it. Say... loser becomes the winner's personal secretary for the remainder of the year. And not only will I last sixty seconds, I'll end our fight on sixty-one."
Laughing, Domino is all for it, and the bet is made. Reaching into her shorts, Cobalt pulls out a blue headband. She ties her hair off with it in a ponytail.
"This is for you, Kasugano Sakura." She takes up her fighting stance, and she's ready for the match.
Trunchbull announces, "Fight!"
With little thought or strategy, Domino comes charging like a freight train, throwing wild punches and kicks with almost zero technique or finesse. The spectating girls are oohing and ahhing at Domino's display. Cobalt backs up, side-stepping with a spin so that she ends up behind her opponent.
She slaps the tall girl's ass. When Domino turns around, Cobalt also gives her a wink.
"Very nice booty, Domino."
Domino's eyes are fired up with rage. "Did you just spank me?"
Grinning, Cobalt replies, "Well, it's such a nice ass that I couldn't resist. Oh, it's been thirty seconds, so you already lost the bet."
Spitting curses at Cobalt, Domino replies, "Fuck you, you fucking cat bitch!"
Moving to a defensive position, Cobalt figures another attack from her opponent should put her at right about the time she wants.
Domino swings a big right that Cobalt steps back from, then takes another swing with her left. Cobalt watches; all her movements are telegraphed. She thinks to herself, she's strong and almost a natural. I'm gonna send her to Mother; she'll love this girl being in the clan.
Checking her time, she confirms she's just about at the minute mark. Watching Domino rush in, Cobalt prepares her Hiryu-Shoten-Ha technique. Pulling Domino into the spin, she uses all of the tall girl's to deliver a corkscrew uppercut that levels Domino to the ground, sucking wind and whimpering in pain.
Squatting down, Cobalt brushes Domino's long hair out of her face. "You got natural talent - no skill, but natural talent. You'll be okay in about ten minutes."
Having helped Domino up, Cobalt turns her attention to the Trunchbull. The hippo begins to turn and run.
"Do you honestly think you can get away?"
Trunchbull stops and turns back around.
Cobalt glares at the now-very-worried gym teacher. "Look, you... just, from this moment forward, sit in your little troll cave and give everyone an A. I'll keep everyone in line and you'll get a nice break period. What do you say?"
The defeated teacher agrees, slinking off to her office as the other girls erupt in applause. With her sexy, hip-swaying walk, Sabine comes up beside Cobalt and puts her arm around her girl.
"The day's not even over and we've attempted to burn down the school and you've assaulted a student and threatened a teacher."
Smirking, Cobalt responds, "Fuck! Who knew this would be so much fun? Hahaha."
*********
Word spreads through the halls and classrooms quickly. Tales of the new duo's antics -- a few of them even true - have earned Cobalt and Sabine the nickname 'The Dirty Pair.'
The duo enters into Mrs. Waves' class.She calls her students to attention and begins her history lesson.
Always the studious one, Sabine is finally in her element. With a bored, glazed look in her eye, Cobalt shoots her a venomous, "You're such a nerd."
She opts to use the class as a chance to gain the necessary intelligence on the school's social hierarchy and cliques. Something about the Blue Ribbon Girls is making the Princess of Cats suspicious.
Having avoided a third incident in a single day, the girls are informed that dinner is being served in the dining hall. They're also told to report to the headmistress's office immediately afterwards.
The couple now known as 'The Dirty Pair' get their meals - pizza and fries for Cobalt, and some sort of chicken salad for Sabine. Cobalt moves through the cafeteria with the confidence of royalty. All eyes follow the statuesque Princess of Cats, and every table tries to get her to join it.
Scanning the dining hall, the Princess of Cats finds what she's looking for: a small, redheaded girl sitting all alone in the corner. She sways over to the solitary girl's table so gracefully that all eyes keep following her. Sabine skips along behind, knowing what kind of effect Cobalt has on people.
Our resident bad girl, Cobalt, plops her butt down in a seat with the quiet redhead. The solitary girl stares at the blue-streaked wild girl in front of her; the best comparison is a rabbit meeting a lioness for the first time.
Popping a french fry in her mouth, Cobalt looks at the redhead just like that scared little bunny. "Yo, I'm Cobalt. The purple-haired pain in the ass is Sabine."
Giving a playful shove, Sabine calls Cobalt an ass.
The redhead with hazel eyes is a little lovestruck; she stammers out that her name is Becky. With only a little prodding from Cobalt, she brings the girls up to speed on all the latest gossip and what cliques are what.
A rather imposing figure takes a seat with the new trio, surprising Becky.
With a huff Domino speaks. "Okay, I've never been beaten in a match that badly, ever. We made a bet, and I honor my debts. Looks like I work for you now. What do you need from me?"
Sabine slides her arm around the giant girl and smiles. "First, buck up! It's not all bad. Working for us can be all kinds of fun: shopping trips, slumber parties, girl fun... come by later; maybe you'll have some fun."
Blushing, Domino forces herself to look at Cobalt. "Is that invitation from you too?"
Giving her trademark Cheshire smile, she answers, "Absolutely. You've got an absolutely, delectably sweet rump. But who are the basic bitches over at that table, the Blue Ribbon Girls?"
Turning a little pale, Domino begins explaining how she and Chloe were best friends until Chloe's mom put her in the Blue Ribbons program. Handing Cobalt her phone, she shows pics of the clean and wholesome Chloe looking like a goth scream queen. Domino, with a hint of sadness, says, "She used to dress like that and be my best friend. Now she tries to be the teacher's pet and ignores me."
Cobalt and Sabine simultaneously reply, "That's a drastic change overnight."
Sabine, ever the opportunist, begins flirting with Becky, convincing her to work with them too. It doesn't take much. The poor girl was a social pariah and Sabine's given her a lifeline.
Meekly, Becky says, "If Domino is okay with it as well."
Giving a smile, Domino replies, "Yeah. It's nice having friends again."
Cobalt picks up her phone. "We gotta go, meeting with the headmistress. I'm sure I won student of the year with my antics this morning."
Becky bites her lip. "I think you might be in trouble. I heard you guys tried to burn down the home economics room. And then you threatened Mrs. Trunchbull, and said something about walking her like your bitch on a leash."
With a twinge of annoyance, Cobalt says, "Thank you, Becky. I was currently unaware of all my particular indiscretions. Thanks for clarifying that for me."
With a chastising tone, Sabine says, "Don't take our day out on Becky. She didn't know you were being you."
The duo get up. Cobalt puts her headphones in and throws their trash away. 'Crawling in the Dark' by Hoobastank plays in her ears.
The Princess of Cats begins humming and moving to the beat.
'I will dedicate and sacrifice my everything
For just a seconds' worth of how my story's ending
And I wish I could know if the directions that I take
And all the choices that I make won't end up all for nothing.'
The Kodachi warriors enter the headmistress office; Sabine manages to knock once before Cobalt opens the door
"Ladies, you had a hell of a first day. So, you almost burn down the home economics building; Then, an impromptu martial arts match with Domino Amelia-Elara that apparently you won handily; then you threaten Mrs. Trunchbull. Is that everything, or am I missing something? So please tell me why I'm not gonna just toss you two out on your pretty little asses."
Never really having been yelled at before, Sabine looks a little pale. Reaching for her hand Cobalt gives it a reassuring squeeze. Then the switch gets flipped and Cobalt lets an evil smile creep across her face.
Cobalt begins her retort. "Well, the fire was an accident. Who knew grease catches fire? The match with Domino was Trunchbull's idea. I wanted to fight Trunchbull. She picked Domino to fight, thinking she'd use me like a practice dummy. Wasn't my fault she pulled the tiger's tail and got mauled. If anything, you should be thanking me for pointing out that your staff's incompetent."
The anger is seething in Mrs. Greed, who's grabbing a file off her desk. "You show up with these obviously BULLSHIT transcripts. According to these, you both took home economics and have A averages in that class. So I don't care why you're here. You two will not be a disturbance at my school. Do I make myself clear?"
With her devil-may-care attitude, Cobalt doesn't even reply to Mrs. Greed. "Sabine, you'll love this story. When I was a kid, I rode the family pet, a giant South American cougar named Tangent around the house like a mighty steed into battle. Mom was pissed! You think Miss Creamy Panties here holds a candle to Freyja Kodachi?"
For the first time since she left her old mistress, Mrs. Greed is very wet. Her internal thoughts betray her. Can she smell my excitement? Fuck, I soaked my panties. Yes Cobalt can smell her excitement it's how she knew to push the headmistress.
The fire in the blue-haired girl is pushing a wild sexual energy strait into Mrs. Greed's now very wet and wanting slit.
Attempting to hide her true nature, Mrs. Greed makes one final attempt to dominate the young women, but Cobalt is unflinching, pushing her own dominance onto Mrs. Greed. The headmistress places her hand beside Cobalt's head kissing her deeply, but leaving her mouth open. Cobalt's tongue works itself deep into Mrs. Greed's mouth.
With Cobalt's tongue assaulting Mrs. Greed's mouth, she feels the headmistress' submissive desire pour into her like a river of pure sexual need. Sliding her hand behind Mrs. Greed's head, she gives a sharp tug. Then she really works her magic tongue deep into Mrs. Greed's waiting mouth while maintaining a strong grip.
Cobalt, with a growl in her voice, says, "Oh, Mrs. Greed, I've tasted your need, and I can give you the release you crave. Are you willing to submit to me?"
With eyes cast down she whispers in a little girl voice, "Yes."
Grabbing Mrs Greed's chin, Cobalt smirks. "I didn't hear you - and add 'mistress' at the end."
With an ever-growing wetness in her panties, the headmistress replies, "Yes, mistress Cobalt."
Looking at Sabine, the Princess of Cats gives instructions to close the blinds and lock the door as she escorts Mrs. Greed to her desk. She has her bend over the desk on her hands; she's at a 45 degree angle.
Slowly raising her skirt, Cobalt is met with the most unattractive underwear of all time. "Seriously? You'll never wear these ugly ass panties ever again - and throw away any more you have at home!" She rips them off, stuffing them in Mrs. Greed's mouth.
Moving skillfully to Mrs. Greed's front, she begins opening her shirt. "Fuck, her bra is just as bad! Take that off and give it to me," Sabine barks Sabine at the ever-hornier headmistress.
Becoming ever more a prisoner to her kinky wild sexual perversion, the normally prim and proper headmistress removes her bra, handing it to Sabine. The purple-haired woman takes the opportunity to run her hands allover the slave's impressive naked chest.
She notices a tattoo under her right boob that reads: I'm a slut treat me like one! With a look of surprise, Sabine brings the phrase to Cobalt's attention.
Caressing the poor headmistress' ass Cobalt, sultrily tells Mrs Greed, "That makes me so fucking wet - your true slut self being revealed like this."
With her newly-minted name of 'Slut,' Slut tries to reply, "Yes Mistress," through the panties.
Working Slut's chest, Sabine treats the humiliated headmistress like a HuCow. She begins milking her enormous boobs, pulling her breasts sharply until they look like torpedoes. Her abuse draws the most exquisite moans from the horny, fallen, gagged slut.
Slut wiggles her ass at Cobalt to get her attention. Taking the hint, Cobalt proceeds to spank the fallen slut, headmistress Greed, who's quickly sinking into the prison of her perverted sexual desires.
Cobalt begins her verbal assault on the fallen toy slut before her. "You're mindlessly drooling on your desk and down your legs. That's such slutty behavior I'll have to punish you more."
Sabine is unrelenting in her assault on the poor headmistress's nipples, and she seems to be getting off on doing it. Slut's gagged moans send pulses of pleasure into the purple-haired girl's already-quivering cunt.
Cobalt caresses her new slut toy's ass, motioning for her to spread her legs. Slut complies, and is rewarded with a sharp slap to her pussy. It immediately triggers Slut's orgasm, overwhelming her with sexual embarrassment. It's the most intense sexual experience she's ever had.
It's the most intense sexual experience she's ever had. Pulling Sabine into deep kiss, Cobalt whispers, "Copy her files." She rolls her tongue deep as she strikes that gorgeous rump some more to keep her slut satisfied.
Sabine stealthily moves away from the headmistress. She finds a USB drive and begins covertly coping the files over.
Cobalt moves Slut to her back. She pulls the panties from her mouth and then squats over it. Grabbing Slut's hair, she jams her face in her pussy, ordering her to lick it now.
Coming face to face with her student's glistening pussy and inhaling its sweet smell is enough to make Slut orgasm again. Catching wind of it, Cobalt announces to Sabine, "My pussy is so sweet this bitch came from just looking at it and sniffing it." The Princess of Cats laughs at the dejected headmistress.
Slut attacks the pussy like a woman dying of thirst who just discovered an oasis of sweet nectar. The moment the headmistress' tongue touches Cobalt's pussy, she orgasms again.
Having her pussy cause two consecutive orgasms is a real boost to Cobalt's ego, "Oh my God, Sabine, she orgasmed again from just licking my pussy. Fuck,this slut's gold star find! Let's see how her tongue is."
The submissive slave is slipping further into her sexual fog. She knows it's true: she had two orgasms without any contact to her own pussy, ass, or even tits. All it took was her own excitement over the raven-haired, blue-streaked girl's pussy.
Flicking her tongue over and along the outer labia, Slut is lovingly lapping her mistress's pussy, rolling her lips around the inner labia, causing little mewling sounds to emanate from the Princess of Cats.
Dutifully working, Sabine's hands gracefully dance across the keyboard, extracting information and moving it to the USB drive.
Grinding her pussy on the head mistress' face, Cobalt feels her own sexual need growing. She slides her hands up her shirt, and begins pulling her nipples as she continues her mewling sounds. Slut takes them as encouragement, pushing her her tongue deep inside Cobalt's love tunnel.
"Goddamn, Sabine! This little slut's a pro pussy licker. You're so gonna have to take this slut's face for a ride."
Slut begins gently sucking Cobalt's inner labia, rolling her tongue around the edges. The Princess of Cats responds by grinding her supercharged pussy against her slave's face.
Cobalt feeling another orgasm build under herself sees Mrs Greed's been masturbating while eating the Princess out. Feeling that last bit of pleasure rolls through Cobalt's own body she checks with Sabine confirming she has transferred all the files over successfully.
The purple-haired duchess of the Kodachi switches places with Cobalt, who decides now's as good of time as any to take a video of the headmistress acting like the complete slut that she is. Putting the camera in Slut's face, Cobalt begins her interview. Sabine keeps her own pussy, now just above that face, out of reach. The sight and smell of yet another dominant pussy keeps Slut reeling.
Acting like a reporter, Cobalt begins interrogating the headmistress.. "What's your name, slut?"
Panting like a bitch in heat, Slut replies, "Mrs. Greed."
Cobalt slaps one of Slut's tits. "Wrong!" she shouts. "That was your name. What is your name?"
"Slut!" Slut cries out. Cobalt rewards her with a bunch of light taps to her clit. Slut writhes and cries out.
Cobalt decides to push the interview along. "Is it true you're the headmistress at this fine establishment?"
Slut has almost completely succumbed to the mixture of pleasure, pain, and humiliation, but she manages to nod yes - that she is, in fact, the headmistress. Cobalt catches a picture on the wall proving such a fact.
Still filming, Cobalt open-handed slaps the Slut's pussy, causing another orgasm to race through the now super-sensitive body of the disgraced headmistress. Working in tandem with Sabine, Cobalt strikes the open, dripping pussy of Slut over and over while her partner yanks her nipples simultaneously, sending another orgasm running through the spent submissive's body.
Seeing the effect of their work on Slut, Sabine really grinds down on the headmistress's face. Sabine let a moan escape her lips as she kisses Cobalt deeply, rolling her tongue against her lover's.,
"Babe, I'm gonna need me you to fuck me like you're mad at me tonight," she says after breaking the kiss.
Cobalt replies with a growl, "Oh, I'm gonna fuck you into the future, babe."
Cobalt slaps her slave's protruding clit ten times in a row, causing the biggest orgasm of Slut's life to course through her body like white-hot lightning. She erupts like Mount Saint Helens, squirting her juices all over Cobalt's hand and arm.
Cobalt nods to Sabine, who dismounts. Panting, trying to catch her breath, Cobalt grabs the now-limp slut, yanking her half-upright and pulling their faces to within a hair of each other.
"I own your ass now," Cobalt growls. "I'll be by whenever I want to take you. You'll also be getting new undergarments. That granny shit doesn't cut it. Let's go, Sabine. The slut's got a lot of cleaning to do since she leaked and squirted all over her desk hahaha."
Eyes cast down, the once proud and powerful headmistress thanks her new mistress for using her like the slut she is. She also finally sees the puddle of pussy juice her multiple orgasms caused.
The couple take a moment to straighten their attire and readjust some personal undergarments that were moved to the side for easier access. Taking each other's hands as they head out, Sabine blows a kiss to the head mistress, then turns back towards her lover
"Hell of a first day, CK. What do we do for an encore?"
***********
Walking into the dorm with her arm around Sabine, Cobalt is greeted by Becky, Domino, Mindy and Alya. They're all hanging out together, laughing it up and having a good time. When the Kodachi walk in, Becky hops up to greet Cobalt.
Grabbing Cobalt's hand, Becky expresses sincere concern over the girl's fate. "You guys didn't get expelled, did you?"
Sabine steps away from Cobalt and replies, "No, Mrs. Silver-Tongue-Blue-Devil got us out of all of the trouble we caused today."
With a look of utter shock, Becky inquires, "How? Mrs. Greed is the hardest, harshest administrator we have!"
With a little grin, Cobalt say, "Don't sweat her. Let me know if you get into any trouble; I'll take care of it. Okay, hate this uniform. and I'm going to get out of this fucking skirt and get comfortable."
The Kodachi returns after having changed into more comfortable attire and rejoins the others in the common room. Sabine, wasting no time, sets up her gaming console on the TV. She motions for Mindy and Alya to join her in her favorite game: Street Fighter IV.
Domino grabs her bag and pulls a few bottles of vodka and Sunkist soda out of it. Becky dutifully searches for six cups. During her search, Cobalt's eyes drift over her body. The Princess of Cats swears she saw Becky's pussy flash as the redhead moved through the kitchen. Returning with six cups, Becky hands them to Domino, who has taken up being the bartender.
Whipping up six of what Domino calls 'Sonic Screwdrivers,' Becky acts like the waitress, taking everyone their drinks. Syncing her phone to the Bluetooth speaker, Cobalt cues up 'Close' by the Chainsmokers and starts to sing along.
"So, baby, pull me closer
In the back seat of your Rover
That I know you can't afford."
Cobalt pulls Becky by the hand and begins dancing with the shy girl. The woman often called the Princess of Cats swivels her hips against Becky's ass -- an ass that she notices is actually pretty plump.
"Bite that tattoo on your shoulder
Pull the sheets right off the corner
Of that mattress that you stole
From your roommate back in Boulder."
Biting her lip Becky, begins dancing with Cobalt as Domino watches. Their movements become slightly obscene as the blue streaked woman belts out,
"We ain't ever getting older
We ain't ever getting older
We ain't ever getting older."
Jumping up, Domino pulls her shirt off so that she's down to her bra and booty shorts. The Amazon known as Domino joins in singing and dancing alongside Cobalt and Becky. Mindy, not wanting to be left out, also joins the group, jumping around and singing.
That leaves the three resident gamers immersed in the game they have currently have going. The rest of the group continues to sing and drink, having a blast.
Ambitions are rising and boundaries are dropping. Sabine can't help but notice that Becky hasn't left Cobalt's side. It's actually turning Sabine on. She's getting wet at the idea of Cobalt fucking Becky.
Taking a break from her game, Sabine pulls Becky off to the side with an evil little plan in mind.
"Hey, Becky."
Slurring her words a bit, Becky says, "Hey, Sabine! This is so much fun. I never get invited to fun stuff." Becky gives Sabine a hug and a kiss on the lips.
Sabine gets caught off guard by the kiss, but recovers and returns it.Becky apologizes, but the purple-haired Kodachi reassures her, "It's okay - but you know who would love to make out with you? Cobalt."
The devious girls -- well, one devious, one drunk - work out a plan to trap the unsuspecting Princess of Cats.
Sabine announces it's time to break out the Dance Dance Revolution game. It isn't long before the Kodachi raven-haired haired Kodachi is slaying it, dancing along to 'Could Have Been Me' by Halsey. She moves perfectly to the beat, hitting the corresponding arrows and being sexy while doing it.
Sometimes, someone is just born with charisma. Cobalt was, along with sexiness, grace, a splash of the exotic. Her very being oozes a sexuality that has the gravitational pull of a black hole. Hardly anyone can escape it. Meanwhile, Cobalt herself is oblivious to the effect she has on everyone. She just assumes everybody's down to fuck everybody else almost all the time.
The party is on pause as all eyes are on the dancing Princess. Sabine is grinning ear to ear. Seeing the others lust over her love makes her wet. The song concludes, and Cobalt notices she is the center of attention, receiving a standing ovation and whistles of approval. Embarrassment to rushing to her cheeks, the Princess of Cats excuses herself to the restroom.
Seizing her opportunity, Becky rushes into the restroom after Cobalt. Domino takes her turn on the game, playing 'Express Yourself' by Madonna. Domino is no slouch, but how do you follow Jerry Lee Lewis playing a flaming piano? Ask Chuck Berry; he didn't know either.
Becky runs into Cobalt who is in the bathroom trying to get over the flash of embarrassment. Otherwise, the rather-drunk Princess is feeling pretty good. She feels even better when the vixen, Becky, jumps on Cobalt, taking her to the bathroom floor.
She pulls her shirt off, revealing her nude form to the surprised Cobalt. Biting her lip, Becky timidly asks, "Can I kiss you?"
Cobalt's a tad flustered, but totally agrees. The now naked Becky begins kissing the usually-very-cocky Kodachi Princess. Kissing Becky back, Cobalt's tongue explores her mouth. She also runs her hands all over Becky's body, which the redhead takes as a good sign. Having been encouraged by both Cobalt's lover and now Cobalt herself, Becky shoves her hand down the front of the raven-haired dancing champion's panties.
Becky finds a very damp pussy, and runs her fingers between the slits of Cobalt's snatch. She's turning Cobalt on so badly; the warrior tries to suppress her mewling sound, but a little whimper escapes her lips.
Sabine, placing her ear to the door, faintly hears that familiar mewling sound. Between her heavy drinking and watching everybody lust after Cobalt, she's incredibly horny. She has her hand down her panties before she even realizes it, kneeling by the bathroom door In fact, Sabine has never been so turned on in her life. She bites her lip as she continues rubbing her aching pussy to the sounds of her lover being fucked.
Cobalt and Becky have no idea, but they're pushing the sexual locomotive of Sabine's orgasm screaming down the tracks. Outside the bathroom, all eyes are on Sabine, but she doesn't even notice. She's lost listening to Cobalt.
Becky leans in telling, Cobalt to sit on the sink. The Princess of Cats quickly discards her panties and shirt, hopping up there. Becky is now kissing along the Princess's inner thigh, pulling quick gasping sounds from this statuesque warrior princess.
From the moment the raven-haired blue-streaked woman strolled across the cafeteria, Becky has been thinking of little else besides licking this gorgeous woman's pussy. Taking in the aroma of her blue haired goddess' pussy, she slides her tongue gently along the outside of her inner labia, rolling it lovingly, and then transitioning into a paintbrush technique.
She takes her time, and takes care not make contact with Cobalt's clit. She runs her fingers under Cobalt's cute little ass, squeezing it, all while burying her face in the Princess's pussy. She plays tongue teaser around, on, and in Cobalt's dripping snatch.
The Kodachi remains unaware her Aibo is just outside the door, masturbateing to the sex sounds she's making. Still working her fingers deep, Sabine has increased their number of fingers to two, and is now on all fours. With her head on the floor, it looks like she's begging to be fucked. The rest of the girls are just mesmerized by the show they are being given.
Biting her lip Sabine is doing her best to not make noise, unaware that Domino, Alya and Mindy have their eyes plastered on her every move.
Meanwhile, back in the bathroom, the Princess of Cats takes a handful of Becky's hair and drives her face into her completely glistening pussy. In between mewling sounds, she encourages the sexy redhead. "Just like that, baby, just like that!"
Becky, with her free hand, begins playing with herself, giving her pussy a sharp slap as she moans into the Princess's pussy. Moving one hand from Becky's hair, Cobalt begins playing with her own nipples, moaning, "You lick pussy really really good, Becky! Fuck! you're driving me wild!" "You lick pussy really really good Becky fuck your driving me wild."
Cobalt tilts her head back, still mewling, and wraps her legs around Becky's head. Freeing up her other hand, she starts pulling her nipples with both. "Lick me, Becky, lick me."
Hearing her lover on the brink of orgasm has Sabine on the verge too. Really working her hand, Sabine is making the cutest squeaks, trying to be quiet, blissfully unaware that the three other girls are staring with such intensity that they have not blinked yet.
Leaning over, Domino whispers, "That's the hottest thing I've ever seen. She's making me drench my panties."
The other two girls nod in agreement with Domino.
Feeling her orgasm boiling over her body, Cobalt trembles as the pleasure shoots through her, joining in Becky's own orgasm. Becky groans into the Princess's pussy, grinding her face into it even harder.
Cobalt finally grabs Becky's hair and yanks her upwards, pulling her into a final kiss, and tasting her own sweet nectar all over the redhead's greedy lips.
The purple-haired nerd feels her orgasm begin rolling through her body as she braces herself, having heard her lover being brought to climax by another woman, and having loved every second of hearing her get fucked.
Slowly recovering from her sexual high, she turns to see Domino, Mindy and Ayla watching her and eating popcorn. The three girls realize she's finally noticed them, and give Sabine a standing ovation.
Coming to the realization of the fact she just gave her new friends and roommates a sex show, Sabine excuses herself to her room. After about ten minutes, Cobalt joins the pouting Sabine, who is hiding under the pillows, mumbling something about never leaving the room again.
"Oh, Tidbit, it will be okay. They loved the show. They promise to not bring it up ever again. But I'm setting an alarm to remind me to tease you every forty-five to an hour hahaha."
From under the pillows Sabine grumbles something 'bitch.' The Princess of Cats cuddles the pouting, purple punk-nerd as they fall asleep.
*************
Waking up, Cobalt feels pinned to the bed. She feels a hand and face is on her crotch, but doesn't know whose. Turning to her right, she discovers the hand belongs to Sabine, but the face belongs to Becky. Domino is on her left. Cobalt, with a groan, asks, "What the fuck? Why am I under a puppy pile?"
The two guests begin to stir. Domino groans as she removes her hand from Cobalt's breast.
Looking down, Cobalt shouts at Becky, "Hey! Either start licking or get off me."
With a giggle Becky moves the crotch of Cobalt's panties and begins licking her pussy.
"Okay, that's not what I meant!"
With a flash of her evil grin, Sabine pins Cobalt's arm down, motioning Domino to do the same. Domino does while Becky works her tongue deep into Cobalt's snatch.
Biting her lip, Cobalt whimpers, "Um, why are we doing this right now? Fuck, your tongue is amazing. Please let me up."
With a grin, Sabine kisses Cobalt's lips. "This is such a turn on, watching Becky eat you out. Feel my pussy, babe. Feel how wet I'm getting from this!"
Sabine pulls Cobalts hand to her flowing honey pot. Domino begins to pull on Cobalt's nipples, and the simultaneous stimulation causes a mini orgasm with a mewling sound escaping the pinned warrior's lips.
Becky gets up from between Cobalt's legs. "Mrs. Sabine, may I please kiss Mrs. Cobalt's lips?"
Sabine, feeling the rush of a new sexual experience, replies, "Of course you may, my pet B."
Looking at Sabine, Cobalt asks, "Wait, don't I get a say in this? What the hell is with 'Mrs. Sabine' and 'Mrs. Cobalt?'"
Becky begins kissing Cobalt's lips.
Sabine and Domino release their grip on Cobalt; she's still a bundle of raw nerve endings of sexual energy.
Cobalt finally flashes a grin. "Really, that is one way to wake up. But why are you two still here?"
Yawning, Domino replies, "We wanted to crash with you two. Sabine okayed it last night."
The four get ready for the day. Becky can't help but notice Cobalt's lack of feminine clothes and makeup.
With a curious tone, she says, "So,Cobalt, it seems you only own shirts and jeans, and I don't see a makeup case anywhere -- well, besides Sabine's."
With her signature snark, Cobalt retorts, "I'd rather lick a light socket. At least that would give me a tickle."
With a completely dejected look, Becky tries again. "I could totally do your makeup for you."
Sabine saves Becky from the wrath of an annoyed Cobalt. She whispers to the pouting redhead, "Well get her in a dress and makeup later."
Speaking up, she says, "What's this about a dance coming up?"
Knowing how Sabine's warped little brain works, Cobalt cuts to the chase. "Not a fucking chance is that happening. Don't even think about it. Never gonna happen."
Domino tosses her input into the mix. "Okay, I'm confused. You don't own a dress or heels. Apparently makeup is a no-go. Sounds like we need to have a shopping intervention."
Cobalt, in an incredulous tone, replies, "You all have fun with that, I'll be having my own fun miles away from any mall."
Forming a plan quickly, Domino makes a run at Cobalt's ego. "If you're afraid of dresses, I get it. I mean I've got legs for days so I can totally make dresses work. If it's too scary for you, we'll go without you."
With almost a snarl, Cobalt fires back, "Nothing scares me. Dresses are dumb and makeup is stupid."
Knowing Domino has Cobalt on the line, she reels her in. "If you say so. You do whatever. We're going to the mall for a shopping trip."
With an aggravated look, Cobalt growls, "Fine! I'll go shopping, but I refuse to waste my money on this dumb shit."
She angrily grabs her pants and shirt. The four girls get dressed and then head out to Becky's car.
Domino whistles. "Holy shit! This is the latest BMW."
Becky blushes. "Yeah, my dad bought it for me for school." Hopping into the driver seat, she says, "Let's hit Gwinnett Place Mall. It's got a great selection of stores."
Taking her spot in the back seat, Cobalt grabs her ear buds and begins playing 'Black Widow' by In this Moment. Sitting with her partner, Sabine sees Cobalt zoning out to her music.
She moves closer to lay her head in Cobalt's lap. Tracing the raven-haired girl's pussy with her finger, Sabine is enjoying her moment of intimacy with the Princess of the Kodachi. Feeling Sabine's fingers, Cobalt can't help but smile at her lover's attention.
Arriving at the Gwinnett Plaza Mall, Becky pulls into a spot near the main entrance. Walking with her arm around Sabine, Cobalt heads into the mall. Traveling behind them are Becky and Domino. Catching sight of a Victoria's Secret, Sabine begins heading towards it like a panty-seeking missile.
With Cobalt in tow, they enter the monument to women's panties. Now inside the store, the three girls, Sabine, Domino, and Becky, act like a pack of lionesses attacking a zebra on the African plain. The girls, lost in the shopping high, don't notice that one of them is absent.
Cobalt has strategically withdrawn from the store to wait outside. She puts her earbuds in and begins playing 'BadBoy' by Cascada.
'Be my bad boy be my man
Be my weekend lover
But don't be my friend
You can be my bad boy
But understand
That I don't need you in my life again.'
Letting the beat of the music move her body, she experiences some of the most peaceful moments of serenity. She's lost to the rhythm of the music - just one with the moment.
Becky finally realizes that Cobalt isn't taking part in the shopping frenzy that was supposed to be about her getting new clothes. She has a pretty good idea where the wayward Princess is hanging out. Becky heads out to the front of the store, seeing the raven-haired blue-streaked warrior.
Watching her move to the beat Becky is getting wet, from the sexy moves Cobalt is casually pulling off. The petite redhead is torn about interrupting her, but finally decides in favor of it.
Feeling a tapping on her shoulder, Cobalt turns around. "Oh hey Becky. You guys are done already?"
With a confused look, Becky replies, "I was wondering why you weren't shopping?"
The Kodachi, with a smile, says, "It's not really my thing. I'm sure Sabine is picking things for me to wear, so yeah, I'd rather not be shopping."
Having heard Cobalt's thoughts on shopping, Becky returns to the store to make her purchases. While the girls are checking out, Becky asks, "So, I've never really met anyone like Cobalt. Has she always been this way?"
Fighting back her laughter, Sabine says, "Yeah, she's always been like this. She disappeared on our - I guess, wedding night? - so this is kind of who she is."
Becky's jaw drops at the revelation. "Wait, you're married to Cobalt -- like, death-do-you-part kinda married?"
Laughing, Sabine tries explaining what the Aibo ceremony means and its significance to the Kodachi. Becky nods her understanding.
"Besides, I bought Cobalt four outfits," Sabine adds, showing them to the petite redhead.
Gasping at the sheer sexiness of the outfits, Becky nods her head eagerly. "Wow, I'm so excited to see that sexy blue-streaked woman in these! Please let me be around!"
Sabine teases Becky. "We'll see. I do enjoy watching you with my Princess of Cats."
Domino, seeing all the purchases, chimes in, "Wow, those are some sexy garments you've got there, Becky."
Noticing Domino hasn't made any purchases, but positive she saw her seriously eyeing a few things, Becky takes Dominothe tall girl off to the side, explaining that she can pick whatever she wants, and that it's on her dad.
Giving Becky a big hug, Domino replies, "Thank you so much, Becky." Domino scampers off to get the items she liked, thanking Becky again as the cashier rings them up. The girls leave to collect their wayward fourth member.
The girls walk out to find a very bored Kodachi warrior listening to music. Sabine takes her hand, leading her to the Forever 21 nearby. Rolling her eyes, Cobalt enters the store, but then immediately finds a quiet corner to wait out the three Tasmanian shopping devils. Soon, they begin piling clothes at the register.
Seeing her opportunity for escape, Cobalt slinks her way to the exit, but then a pair of giant arms fall on her shoulders. Of the Kodachi warrior Cobalt thinks to herself, Fuck me! She turns around to the sight of the tall woman with the red eyes.
Domino, with a big grin, says, "Not this time! You're trying on some outfits. What you call a wardrobe is atrocious."
Cobalt smirks. "You gonna make me?"
Sabine sneaks up beside Cobalt, whispering, "If you play now, all three of us play with you later, and you'll get the biggest orgasm of your life - I promise! But you have to play good girl for me, and we're giving you a makeover. We'll go shopping at any store you want."
But you have to play good girl for me and we're giving you a makeover. And will go shopping at any store you want."
Thinking about the deal, Cobalt kisses Sabine. "For you, who ever loved not at first sight. I'd do anything for you."
Blushing Sabine replies, "Was that Shakespeare babe that's sexy."
With the look of a person condemned to a nickel stretch in Chino, the Princess of Cats walks back into the gates of hell, not smiling, but with determination on her face.
Sabine and Domino walk Cobalt back to the dressing rooms where Becky's been putting outfits together for her already.
Becky gives the Princess a quick kiss. "I'll try not to make it so torturous for you."
Pulling Cobalt into the dressing room. Thinking to herself any excuse to grope this gorgeous woman. Helping Cobalt out of her boots then her jeans finally her shirt.
Becky pulls out the classic little black dress, holding it up for Cobalt, who is down to her blue and white striped panties. Becky's been so excited about dressing Cobalt up that she didn't even notice the underwear. She finally does, though, asking, "Are you wearing the Hatsune Miku panty set?"
Cobalt's not used to being questioned on her choice of lady garments, let alone somebody recognizing them so exactly. She's a little impressed. "Yeah I like them, they match my hair color and are super comfy."
With a giant grin, Becky replies, "They look so cute on you."
She handing Cobalt the little black dress. The raven-haired warrior slips it on; it only comes down to a few inches below her crotch.
"Hey Becky, why did you give me a shirt but no pants?"
With a groan, Becky replies, "It's not a shirt; it's a dress."
Cobalt scoffs incredulously. "It's a shirt, seriously. It's a few inches below my pussy. I'll be flashing everyone when I move."
Becky is undeterred, finding new confidence thanks to her new friend group. "We're getting it. It looks amazing on you."
Becky calls for Sabine to see and of course Domino joins them. Both are stunned seeing the Princess of Cats in a sexy little dress.
Finally catching her breath, Sabine says, "Wow, babe --just, wow. You look amazing."
Domino, still speechless, nods in agreement. They go through two more outfits before Cobalt's three tormentors relent, moving on from this store.
Traveling through the mall, Cobalt finds a store called Nobody Loves Me. Cobalt drags Sabine into the store, grabbing new anime t-shirts and bondage pants.
Finally Domino speaks up. "You have the fashion sense of a fifteen-year-old emo girl, I swear."
Cobalt continues her shopping, picking up some scrolls and stuff. She retorts, "'Least I'm happy being me and don't have to go with whatever trend is in some stupid fashion magazine."
Becky and Sabine both find a few shirts and pants they like. Domino pouts, having been suitably chastised.
The girls continue through the mall. Cobalt squeezes Domino's butt. "Oh, I'm gonna have so much fun with you."
It's not an apology, but Domino blushes. Her body language and mood soften to a more relaxed state. Catching sight of a store called CC's Little Boutique, she drags the group over. It's a page out of Cobalt's personal hell.
Behind the counter is a short, petite girl with dark curls, a round baby face, slanted eyes, and puffy lips. She's wearing something that a little girl might wear in a very girly pastel yellow. She approaches the quartet.
Performing a curtsey, she says, "Hello, Ma'am, my name is Missy and I'm here to assist you with whatever you need."
With a twinkle in her eye, Domino replies, "We all want outfits that match our personal styles, Missy."
Becky and Sabine seem okay with getting an outfit there. Cobalt looks mortified at the proposition of wearing anything on display.
Seeing Cobalt's demeanor, Missy selects her to be her victim. Approaching the Princess of Cats, Missy asks, "Would you be the model for the girls to decide what outfits they would like to purchase?"
With very serious cool, Cobalt in so many words lets Missy know that's never going to happen, and that she'll need to pick someone else.
Missy smiles. "I'll comp all four dresses if Mrs. Stubborn here," she says, pointing to Cobalt, "will model my work."
With agitation, Cobalt snarls, "Why the fuck would I want any of this stuff? It's not my style."
Pulling Cobalt to the side, Domino begins pleading with Cobalt to do this. She apologizes in advance, and confesses that she loves this kind of stuff. "I can't afford it. Please," she begs.
Responding to Domino's plea, Cobalt grinds her teeth. "You're asking a fucking lot from me Domino -- seriously, a lot."
"I'm begging you. Please! I'll do anything. You can ask me for anything."
Finally relenting, Cobalt turns to Missy. "It would be an honor to model your amazing clothes."
Missy, getting her way, smiles. "Excellent." She escorts Cobalt back to the dressing area. Becoming an expert at getting undressed, Cobalt strips down to her underwear. Missy motions that the rest of her garments need to come off.