I loved every second of our outrageous sexual encounter, as weird as the situation was, it was still the most fantastic sex I'd ever experienced.
I was lying on a bed with an ex girlfriend draped in the sexiest lingerie, stroking my limp cock and kissing me passionately, as her husband actively licked my come out of her pussy, along with his own come from her just fucked asshole.
Not an everyday occurrence but strangely pleasurable.
Suzi had always been an absolute sex bomb during our time together, very adventurous and inventive, but what she was now, there is no word to explain it. Her life with Jim had expanded her vast sexual horizons to another dimension. Suzi's Stripping career along with her many extra marital activities, appear to work for her and Jim.
Jim obviously has strong cuckold and voyeuristic tendencies, enjoying his wife's sensational body and open slutness, where Suzi has the strongest exhibitionist streak accompanied by a severely high sex drive, making this sexual bombshell the ultimate slut.
Suzi was feeding Jim's desire for sexual humiliation, and feeding her own carnal desires for cock in abundance. She delighted in getting fucked with her husbands blessing, enjoying as much cock as she wanted, with or without him being present.
I listened intently as Jim lapped at Suzi's shaved, come filled pussy, while Suzi stroked my cock, giving Jim a running commentary on what she and I would be enjoying for the rest of evening. She was basically informing me and Jim, that she and I would spend most of the night with my cock inside her, exchanging bodily fluids, which her husband would excitedly lick from every defiled cum filled sexual orifice she possesses, the following morning.
As Jim licked Suzi's pussy clean, she kissed me gently, breathing softly in post orgasmic bliss. Her lips softly grazed my cheek, as she began to tenderly kiss my neck and ear. Her warm breath stimulated my sexual nerves as she whispered into my aural cavity.
"That fuck was sensational! I missed having your cock stretch my little cheating pussy! You can select what outfit you'd like your Stripper slut to wear whilst she fucks you!" Suzi breathed "I do like to wear something for my lover when he or they fuck me!" She added increasing her slut level indicating that threesomes and more have occurred in the past.
"It's much more exciting cheating on my husband whilst dressed like a whore!" She continued, flicking her tongue around my earlobe.
"Let's get undressed and head into the shower while Jim sets up the cameras for later!" She smiled.
Somewhat shocked that our fucking was to be filmed, I felt my cock twitch in Suzi's hand as I said.
"I want a copy of that video!" I replied excitedly.
"The video is for you!" She emphasised, smiling as she squeezed my cock gently.
Climbing off the bed, she gave Jim a little peck on the cheek, then unclasped her stockings. She began to undo the clasps on her underbust corset as it fell away from her tiny waist. Her tanned skin looked divine, her full large breasts sitting proudly with the erect pierced nipples prominent. She began to roll her stockings down, placing one foot on the bed as she did so. Her tight shaved slit looked so inviting, with just a trace of Jim's saliva coating her tight hole. Suzi smiled as she rolled the other stocking down to her ankles. Her high heeled shoes prevented the stockings from total removal as she smiled at Jim saying.
"Honey, take my shoes and stockings off please, while Neil fingers my ass!"
Jim knelt down at her feet and began to unbuckle the ankle strap on her shoes. She arched her back, pushing her firm round buttocks high and smiled.
"Don't be shy Neil. I need my ass stroked and fingered!"
I moved to the edge of the bed, looking at Suzi's tight puckered asshole. I placed my index finger at her sphincter as Suzi pushed back onto my digit, sliding the finger into her ass.
"That finger feels awesome. It will be wonderful to have your cock up my ass again!" She purred, teasing Jim and stirring my memory, delighting both of us in the process.
Jim had now removed her shoes and stockings as she stepped out of the fuck me footwear.
"Come on lets hit the shower and have some fun in there as Jim's prepares supper. We'll have a light bite and some fun at the table, where I'll be wearing something sexy for you, then you and I can come upstairs and I'll have you spunk in all of my holes for Jim to clean up in the morning!" Suzi giggled, teasing me and humiliating her husband.
"Don't forget to press record!" Jim uttered.
"He's here all week darling, so I'm sure we'll record a few of my stripper slut fuck sessions!" Suzi smiled, stroking my now semi erect cock.
Standing naked with a semi erect cock being stroked by a naked sexual goddess, as her husband stands and watches, is a memory that will live with me for a long time. Suzi smiled and ushered me toward the bathroom, still holding my ever growing cock. Jim nodded in our direction as he went to their bedroom to retrieve his video camera and tripod. Jim set up the camera, tripod and a few discrete lights, positioned to catch every bit of lusty action. He'd even hooked the camera into the large TV screen on the wall, allowing Suzi and I to watch our sexual antics live.
Jim's voyeurism and Suzi's exhibitionism knew no bounds. The married couple were living the life that suited them. It may not be for everyone, but for these two it was their own version of marital bliss.
Suzi escorted me into the bathroom, holding my erect cock on the short journey.
She leant in to her glass covered shower and turned the water on. Turning back to me she gave me a very soft almost romantic kiss, still stroking my erect cock, but this time gently scraping her long manicured nails up and down my shaft.
"That was a really good fuck in there!" She smiled "I've really missed your cock inside me!" She said, brushing her soft lips against mine as her breath quickened.
"I can't believe your husband watched me fuck his gorgeous wife!" I stated with an honest disbelief.
"It's cool babe. He loves to watch me being fucked and I love cock, so everyone's a winner!" She smiled then flicked her tongue along my lips.
"Do you want me all to yourself tonight or shall we let James join in?" Suzi enquired.
"Can I have you all to myself?" I requested.
"Of course you can babe. You can have me to yourself all week if you wish. You can even share me if that's what you'd like! Every hole is yours and I'll wear anything you want!" Suzi grinned "If memory serves you used to like a bit of leather. I've got a great tight leather black Waspie and the most divine soft black leather thigh length boots with outrageously high spiked heels. I think you'd like to fuck me in that outfit, plus I could add some opera gloves to complete the slut look!" Suzi smiled knowing she was pushing all of my buttons.
"I'd probably have you sleep in them!" I giggled.
"Wouldn't be the first time I've been fucked wearing them then had to keep them on for some guys!" She teased efficiently.
I smiled at the filthy dirty cheating slut standing naked beside me in the shower. Suzi picked up a bottle of what looked like shower gel. Handing the bottle to me she uttered.
"Rub my body, tits, ass and pussy with this coconut lotion to make my tanned skin look shiny!" She smiled fluttering her eyelashes "The shiny skin will look extra sexy in the leather outfit I'm about to wear!" She whispered.
Emptying a copious amount of the coconut lotion in to my hand, I began to apply the liquid to Suzi's wet skin. The lotion coated her soft delicate flesh effortlessly. Her flawless tanned skin glistened beautifully as the lotion enhanced her smooth wonderful curves. I splashed a dime sized dollop of lotion on Suzi's beautifully formed breasts, ready to be massaged into her delectable flesh.
Suzi giggled at the vision of the white fluid splashing across her breasts. She held her hands up to her breasts, gently smoothing the white lotion in to her huge firm orbs.
"It's not the first time I've rubbed some sticky white fluid into my breasts that some guy has splashed across them!" She giggled, rubbing the spunk substitute in to her breasts gleefully "Splash some more on to my tits, then squirt some on my shaved pussy!"
Suzi was not only acting the role of the stripper slut wife, she was actively portraying the role, with her looks, figure, lingerie and attitude, Suzi was effectively the ultimate slut!
She continued with the sexual innuendos to keep me entertained.
"I do love it when a man splashes white creamy liquid on my breasts!" She smiled saucily and continued "I also like it splashed on my pussy, stomach and ass! If there is enough left I do like some splashed on to my face! Though to be honest it can be a lot of fun if there are a few guys splashing the white stuff over my body and face!"
My cock was rampantly erect as Suzi took her tease to another level. Her taloned fingers were gently scraping the length of my cock as she poured some of the coconut lotion down my back. Suzi kissed her way down my chest and stomach as the coconut lotion slid down my back. Now kneeling before me, Suzi took my length in her left hand, stroking my cock gently, then tenderly wrapped her full lips around my swollen cock head. Her tongue swirled softly around my purple glans as she continued to slowly stroke my cock. Her right hand slid between my legs as she cupped my balls, very gently holding my dangling testes. Her right hand moved forward as a long taloned finger gently tickled my asshole. With the added lubricant of the coconut lotion, Suzi's fingered slid wonderfully inside my tight puckered ring. The gentle wriggling of her feminine finger accompanied by the world class blow job was a sensation of epic proportions, but add to that, her husband is in the next room setting up a video camera to record me fucking his wife and you have to admit, this was the stuff of fantasies and I was living the dream.
"I love sucking cock!" Suzi said still gently fingering my ass and stroking my cock "It's my third favourite hole to put a cock in!" She smiled shamelessly and placed my cock back in her mouth.
Sucking my cock expertly, she removed it from her vacuum like mouth and stood before me smiling. I returned the smile as she moved her head upwards, offering her soft fleshy lips to my open mouth. Kissing my mouth softly yet passionately, I could taste my cock on her lips as she broke the kiss and said.
"I'll go and get changed into something sexy for you. You go into the room and wait for me. I'll get Jim to bring up some wine and some nibbles, then I'll slide my pussy over your deliciously hard cock!"
Suzi stepped out of the shower, turning her head back smiling at me as she reached for a very small towel. The water was magically disappearing from her oiled tanned skin, giving her smooth flesh a very shiny glow.
Suzi gently patted her entire body with the small towel, taking it very slowly over her large firm breast and shaved smooth mound. Suzi patted the towel off her flesh delicately, sighing sexily every time she patted places of interest. She turned her back to me and placed her left hand on the wash basin. Raising her right leg, she leant into the basin and began to gently pat the towel over her buttocks, raising her leg a tad higher, she exposed her pink puckered ring and sighed sexily as the towel patted her anus.
Purely for my benefit, she twerked her ass slowly as the towel gently slid between her buttocks, deftly moving her fleshy pussylips. I'd never imagined that watching someone dry themselves could be so erotic, but I never imagined it would be Suzi I would be watching.
Handing me the tiny towel, she turned on her heel and left the bathroom saying.
"I'll see you in your room in ten minutes!" She said in a very efficient tone as she walked into her bedroom.
I held the tiny towel to my face, inhaling the scent of Suzi embedded in to the soul of the towel. The aroma was intoxicating, heightening my senses, making my body crave Suzi sexually and physically.
I climbed out of the shower, slipping a bathrobe over my body, and headed to my room to acquire my own toiletries bag. I opened my case, retrieving my toiletries bag, removed my toothbrush and toothpaste and began to brush my teeth. Taking my Hugo Boss body spray, I removed the robe and multi-tasked, brushing my teeth and spraying my body with masculine fragrance. I walked naked back to the bathroom, leant over the wash basin and spat out the frothy mix of saliva and toothpaste, Turning on the cold water I rinsed my toothbrush, scooping my hand under the cool water, I raised the water to my mouth, rinsing my oral region of any froth and foam. I saw some mouthwash on the shelf below the mirror. Unscrewing the top I took a big slug of the minty green liquid, swirls the contents around my mouth, I then leant over the washbasin, letting the mouthwash run from my mouth, directly down the plug hole.
I patted the towel over my face and walked back to my room. I went to put my toothbrush back into my bag and remembered I had a few packets of viagra tablets in a side pocket of my wash bag. I was standing with a huge erection, but thought I may need some help if I'm to fuck Suzi all night, and I didn't wish to miss out on any opportunity of being inside this sex goddess. I placed a blue viagra into my mouth and felt the rhomboid shaped tablet slide down my throat. I could hear Suzi and Jim talking in their bedroom as Suzi was preparing herself for me in what I assume was the delicious leather outfit she spoke about earlier.
"You've never wore that before!" I heard Jim say "It looks fucking awesome!"
I could hear Suzi giggle as she replied.
"It will be a nice surprise for Neil and will look great on video while he fucks me! I wonder if the spunk will show up when it splashes on this outfit?"
My cock was standing at full mast, listening to Jim and Suzi discussing her getting fucked by me. The anticipation was intense, knowing I was about to fuck Suzi again and that she'd be wearing something outrageously sexy, while her husband Jim listened and watched in his bedroom.
I couldn't make out the mumblings from Suzi and Jim due the noise from her hairdryer, but then I heard clearly.
"You enjoy getting some cock babe. I'll turn the camera on with the remote and watch it all on the TV screen in here. The TV through there will have you guys on screen, but the volume will be muted so as not to distort the recording!" Jim said as Suzi stepped out of their bedroom.
"Will you capture everything?" Suzi queried.
"Of course. The remote can zoom and pan from here, so it will be as though I was in the room!" Jim laughed "I'll bring you guys some wine and nibbles after your first fuck!"
I could hear the click of a high heel as Suzi left her bedroom.
"See you in the morning when I'm full of spunk!" Suzi giggled as she headed to my room.