I was a man in much need of a break from the hassles of daily life, taking Friday off so I could have a long weekend getaway. Some hiking through Appalachia, my favorite part of the country, is always relaxing for me. This trip would be unplanned; just drive down into Eastern Tennessee until I see some country that looks good for exploring, get off the highway, and see where I end up. So where did I go? I don't know, exactly. Didn't care; this was a road trip and all that mattered was the fact that I wasn't at home or at work.
I found a little roadside motel with a restaurant adjacent and got a bite to eat. There was a tourism display near the entrance, so I grabbed some pamphlets to see if there were any good trails in the area. There were maps of where to find hiking trials, caves, and a couple water falls not far from there. I decided to get a room and start my adventure in the morning. The place was old, but fairly well maintained, and clean. Sparse amenities, but everything needed to get some sleep for a night, and of course, engage in a little slap-n-tickle, as the couple in the room next to me demonstrated quite loudly most of the night. Morning took a long time coming, but I was energized by the sun beaming through the gap in the curtains, followed by a quick shower.
Guided by a map I picked up at the restaurant, I found the first of the trailheads. I started walking the well groomed trial, and noticed about 1/4 mile in that there was a little path leading away from the main trial. I thought it might be fun to see what I could find, as there had to be something in that direction or the path wouldn't be there. In the distance I heard the revving of a dirt bike engine, and maybe a couple other vehicles, indicating there must have been ATV trails around there as well.
The path got even narrower, and less well defined as it started down a steep hillside. When I reached the bottom, I was not looking forward to the trek back up that hill. It was already getting hot and humid. I approached the edge of the woods as a clearing came into view. I thought I might see if there was a road that would take me more easily back to where I parked the car. I was just at the outskirts of a thicket, with only a little bit of brush between me and open field when I realized it wasn't open field at all, but a yard. The house was only a stone throw away.
"Oh shit!" I thought to myself, "Wandering on to private property in this part of the country is a big mistake." You see, I'm like most folks; allergic to shotgun shells.
I started to turn and head back up the hill when I noticed someone laying in the yard between me and the house. On a beach towel, a woman was sunbathing on her back, topless. She was blonde with somewhat short hair, and fantastic breasts. They were much more than a handful, but still firm with perfectly round, light brown nipples. Her skin was fair, indicating that she had not been sun worshiping very much. She had a taut belly and a beautiful womanly curve to her hips under a modest black bikini bottom. Her legs were toned and shapely, tipped with red painted toenails.
I must not have made too much noise coming down the hill, since she had her head turned in my direction, and her eyes were still closed. I started to slowly, quietly, take a step back, and thought I saw her eyelids flutter. I froze, heart pounding, scared out of my skull. She turned her face toward the sky, closing her eyes once more, and I could swear I saw the corner of her mouth curl up and lips purse as if trying to suppress a smile. I never thought I could be so lucky as to stumble on a voyeurs' dream; a woman who apparently knew she was being watched, and didn't seem to mind.
She began tracing her finger tips up and down, along her belly and between her breasts. Her middle finger traced circles around her nipples making them stiffen under her tickling attentions. Her other hand traced the waistband of her bikini bottom. She pressed further down over her covered mound, and pressed her middle finger to her center, pushing the fabric a little bit into her crease. So engrossed in the sight before me, I didn't even realize my cock had grown and was pressing uncomfortably against its confines. My hand was unconsciously pressed to the front of my shorts.
Now, the woman's eyes still closed, she openly smiled and hooked the thumbs of both hands into the bikini. She raised her ass off the towel enough to start sliding it down her thighs, and her clean shaven mound came into view. Ass settled back into the towel, she then bent her knees, raising her painted toes in the air. The only clothing she had was being pushed up her thighs, then slowly down her lower legs. Pulling one knee closer to her chest, one foot escaped the cloth, and she released it, allowing it to dangle from her other foot for a moment, before kicking it off onto the ground beside her. Her one leg bent, knee in the air and tiptoes on the towel. Her other leg rested flat but had spread a little bit so that the soul of her foot was pointed straight toward me. I could see her hairless pussy, lips protruding slightly, and dampness shimmered in the sunlight at the bottom of her slit.
I became consciously aware of my erection, and squeezed the bulge in my shorts. Confident that she knew of my presence and was willingly performing, I unfastened the button, unzipped, and slid my hand into my boxers. I felt the spot of wetness on the back of my hand where pre-cum had soaked into my underwear. My cock swelled further with a jerk as I took a firm grip.
My little actress placed her hands back to her breasts and her mound. When she slid her fingers to her pussy, they parted, slipping over either side of her lips, teasing herself. She moved her fingers along the sides of her crease, up and down several times, then slowly closed them together. Her lips were then gently pinched between her fingers as she continued her motion along their length. She gently pinched a nipple, and her hips pushed up slightly, increasing the pressure on her pussy. Pressing her fingers more firmly against the sides of her lips, she separated them, opening her beautiful coral pink sex to my eyes. Her middle finger curled in and up and ticked the side of her clitoris.
I pulled my aching cock from its covering, and slowly stroked its length.
The woman's chest moved up and down as her breathing became heavy. Her fingers becoming rougher on her nipples, pinching and pulling them as her she traced circles around her clit. All three became more visible and swollen.
In the short distance between us, I thought I heard a faint moan as her two middle fingers suddenly plunged into her depths. I imagined, inside her pussy, her fingers curled in, massaging her g-spot, while the palm of her hand ground down on her clitoris. Her hand made small, pumping like movements in and over her pussy, and her other hand began to seemingly torture both of her nipples in-turn.
My own breathing quickened further, and I held the waistband of my boxers down. My own hand's movements became more urgent, and as pre-cum flowed, the head of my cock became almost unbearably sensitive with each passing of my palm.
In moments, an unmistakable, long, low groan escaped her lips. She was quickly building to orgasm. Her stomach began to tighten, and her ass lifted slightly off the towel. Her hips ground into her hand, and her gasps became faster and louder. With what I can only describe as an unlikely combination of a whimper and a scream, her body convulsed. Her other hand abandoned her breasts to grip tightly the side of her towel.
Several grunts came from deep in my own chest as I neared orgasm. I cared little if she heard, but still tried to muffle my primal noise as best I could. Quicker than I realized, release was upon me. I dropped to my knees and bent slightly forward, while intently keeping my eyes open, and on the beauty before me as my seed spilled into the forest floor.
"Aaawh, aaah fuck!" she screamed, and one last full body shutter ended as she then lay limp in the yard.
She laid still for what seemed minutes, but was most likely only a matter of seconds. A sheen of sweat made her body gleam in the sunlight. Taking her fingers from her pussy, she pulled them across her clit. Her hips violently lunged up to meet them twice more before her fingers trailed up the center of her body, and to her mouth. Her tongue darted out to meet them before they disappeared in her mouth. I could only imagine her tongue swirling around her fingers, tasting herself, and cleaning them of her nectar.
As if planned, we both rose on shaky legs. She stood, looked in the distance to the hills, and turned toward the house. She approached a small side porch with three steps, and a black iron railing. Taking several steps, her hips swayed and her ass showed only the slightest jiggle.
I pulled a leaf from a tree to wipe the last drop of cum from my cock before tucking it back in and fastening up my shorts. As I was zipping up, the wiggle of her wonderful backside stopped at the side of the house near the porch. She bent at the waist allowing me a rear view of her now puffy and reddened pussy.
I heard a metallic creaking sound, and realized she was turning on the water spicket. Water began to pour from the end of a garden hose that was curled up next to the porch. Picking up the hose, she placed her fingers under the running water, testing if the sun heated water had been pushed out. Feeling the cool water from underground spilling over her hand, she held the end of the hose directly over her head, allowing it to cascade over her head and shoulders, and run down her body.
It was a breathtaking sight to behold, as she slowly turned to face me, her eyes closed and facing up into the stream of clean water. Her head tilted downward, allowing the water to rinse her upper back. She then pointed the hose over her shoulders and upper chest, creating two magnificent little waterfalls from her breasts and hardened nipples. Water flowed over her belly, following the 'V' created by her hip bones and abs like a river channel, and over her mound. She took her time, carefully cleansing herself as she turned this way and that, rinsing every part of her body. When she lifted one leg onto the second porch step, I could see the water stream move the lips of her pussy before she used her hand to cup over it, trapping water to thoroughly remove the evidence of her play.
Refreshed, my beautiful little exhibitionist bent over for me one last time to turn the water off, and dropped the hose. She left her sun bathing towel lay in the yard, and climbed the porch steps. Once on the landing, she hesitated, and turned halfway back toward me. Her head was turned almost looking back at me. Her pause seemed something an invitation.
I stood for a moment, stunned, looking at the side of that house after she stepped inside. I dared not approach the house, rather headed unsteadily up the hill. I hadn't made any real plans for the rest of the weekend, so I considered if I should find a different area to hike and explore. Then again, maybe I would return to this very same path the next morning.