Sipping my drink and trying to relax I asked my wife, "How many men were involved with this episode with the builders?"
"Do you mean how many did I have sex with - or how many I misbehaved with or in front of?" she replied.
"Well seeing you make such a distinction between the two I'll let you tell me your way," I said very sharply. "How did that start then?"
"I think the one called Bob got his thrills more from watching than joining in. He always seemed to be the one that pushed things that bit further. It seemed a game to see how far he could push me; though he wasn't a bossy person – more crafty. I always wondered why he never came round on his own. Always wanted his mate with him. He certainly didn't want to get to know me as a person. I felt a bit annoyed sometimes – like I was just a sex toy."
"But you were, wasn't exactly romantic was it? Anyway you seemed to enjoy it like that."
"Yes," she sighed. "I've got to admit I did. Showing off my body and teasing them still gave me a thrill. That's how he tricked me and played a joke on two of his work-mates – it backfired on him though – he set out to shock but I shocked him.
He liked me in a certain little sundress. It was fairly short and very see-through; one you needed a little slip under if you didn't want to show your panties. It also had a low front and was really a bit too small for me; it clung to me and looked very sexy. I hadn't seen them for a couple of days and he came round on his own to say could they come round later, in an hour. I must admit I was looking forward to it. He asked me to wear the dress – and said how-about wearing stockings and suspender belt for him underneath as a treat. I laughed and said I would think about it. That was a strange thing for him to do – I wondered what was going on.
Anticipating their visit had got me feeling excited so I went upstairs and put on stockings and suspenders - and little black panties and bra. It looked a bit "sluttish," I would have never had gone out looking like that. My black underwear showed beneath my dress. If I just leaned forward or stretched up a bit I showed my stocking tops and panties and you could see my nipples through my bra, the dress was pulling very tight. Very effective for getting attention from men," she said smiling to herself.
I carried on doing my housework and being dressed like that got me feeling very, very aroused. Even leaning forward just a bit showed a little bare flesh above my stockings. I was in the kitchen when I heard the door go – I had my back to it – leaning forward, slightly bending. When I turned round it was not only Bob and his mate that came in but two others as well!
They were two men in their thirties. Bob told me that one was an old friend of his that had started to work with them. He said that he hoped I wouldn't mind if they came in for a coffee. I was annoyed – and a bit disappointed – nothing was going to happen with others in the house. I felt a bit embarrassed and awkward standing there. Bob was smirking – I realised then that he had set me up. The other men were a bit shocked, it was obvious they hadn't known what to expect, we had all been set up."
"You never thought of telling them all to leave though?" I said.
"No," she said. "I was mad but I made them a coffee anyway. Everyone started to make polite conversation but the atmosphere was a bit tense. I felt eyes looking though me all the time – or rather though my dress!"
"So they sat and chatted – what were you doing?"
"Well, I just stood up and busied myself wiping the kitchen surfaces down – trying not to bend over too much. Bob asked the others if they thought I was a great looker. Bull-shitter, I could have killed him! He said why don't I sit down – I told him it's OK, anyway you lot are sat on all the seats. He pulled me down on his knee. I got the picture then – he was trying to get them to see up my skirt! He was trying to repeat what had happened with him and his friends' weeks ago! That was how he got his thrills, manipulating, then watching while joining in."
"So could they see up your skirt?" I asked, sounding impatient.
"A lot," she replied. "He made sure I was facing them at just the right angle. I decided I wasn't going to be used like that and stood up again. Bob looked embarrassed then and said they had better get back to work. I said his friends could stay because they hadn't finished their drinks"
"Why did you say that?" I asked.
"I don't know really – I think it was to annoy him – let him know he doesn't control me. His usual friend looked mad at him as well – when he looked at me we knew that we had both been looking forward to the same thing."
"Which was?"
"Well – some sort of sex," she said coyly. "They both started to leave and the new bloke said they had better go too. I said, no it's OK you and your friend stay and finish your drinks. He looked at Bob but they just left. I shut the door behind them and sat down."
"What did you have in mind?
"Nothing really. We made small talk, but I could feel his very penetrating eyes looking at me. The other one didn't say much, just looked at me. I asked if he was a good friend of Bob or just worked with him. He said I'm a good friend - are you? I said, well I suppose so; they come round quite a lot. He said he could see why if I wore sexy clothes like that. I asked if they wanted some more coffee – I suppose I wanted to keep them there."
"You were feeling aroused again?"
"Yes. Anyway, I sat down again and showed a bit more - they could see my stocking tops. Then he said how turned on stockings made him feel – and what a pity that another button didn't pop open on my dress. I popped the next one open," she said quietly. " I surprised myself more than them.
"Which button? I asked.
"The bottom one – it made my dress fall open a bit more – gave them a view of bare leg and a bit of my panties. They gasped a bit and their eyes nearly came out of their heads. He said I looked very sexy – and I was making them go hard. He asked if I did that for Bob – I said yes, and his friend. That really got them!" she laughed.
"He said well then maybe I wouldn't mind undoing a few more buttons. I undid a couple more – then he said why don't I sit back a bit and stretch my legs out. I did – then I unfastened the rest of my dress and let it fall apart. I looked at him and said " Do you mean like that? They could see everything then; my pants and bra were completely see-though. I said, "Is that a better turn-on for you?"
"He said, "What would you be doing now if Bob and his mate was still here – and we wasn't?" I said that I didn't know. He asked me if we would be upstairs - I said maybe. He smiled at me and said I didn't go to the trouble of dressing up for nothing. Then he asked me if I wanted to go upstairs now? I said that I really don't know you and anyway someone might come, what if Bob comes back? He said don't worry about that, then he stood up and held his hand out for me. I let him pull me up and looked at his friend, he just looked at me like an animal ready to pounce."
"Did that scare you?"
"Yes, but at the same time it turned me on. He was weird and sinister looking."
"Did you not ask if one or both was going to go upstairs with you?"
"No – he said, " Well?" I went to the door and locked it – then I walked towards the stairs – they both followed me. When we got upstairs he pulled my dress off my shoulders and said let's take a better look at your sexy undies. His mate sat in a chair and just carried on looking at me, at my body. He stood in front of me and just kept caressing my body, sometimes my tummy then my tits through my bra, then my thighs. When I looked at his mate he had got his cock out. It was really thick – not particularly long – but thick. I kept looking at that.
The man with me noticed were my eyes were and asked if I liked the look of it – I think I just nodded. He unzipped his own pants and pressed me on my shoulders – I knew what he wanted – I sat on the edge of the bed. He pulled his cock out and put it near my mouth."
"Did you hold it or him?"
"At first him – then I held it"
"You wanked him in your mouth – till he came?"
"Yes – It's getting hard to tell you now. I'm ashamed of the things I did. I can't believe I did them."
"Its OK," I said, "I'm not sitting in judgement – just keep to the facts."
"Yes – I held it in my mouth and sucked it, he told me to move my hand up and down and wank him – I let him come in my mouth. Then he laid me down on the bed and pulled my knickers off – knelt down and started to lick me"
"Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes – it was very erotic. He licked my pussy while I watched his mate masturbating his thick cock. His mate was watching me being licked – laid with my legs dangling over the bed – no knickers on, just stockings and suspenders and legs wide open. Yes – I enjoyed it. Even more when his friend came and lay next to me. He pinched my nipples and then told me to open my mouth – he moved up the bed so I could suck him. It was only for a minute though. The man between my legs got up and the other put his cock inside me. He fucked me very hard," she said in a matter of fact voice, "very hard and very rough."
"You didn't like it?"
"Oh yes!" she said. "I wrapped my legs round him and thrust back. Sorry to say this but it was the best fuck I have ever had – even though he was a bit weird and not very good looking. Well, to be honest he was a bit ugly." Then she added, almost thinking aloud, "But he knew how to fuck a woman with that thick cock of his. After we had both come the three of us just lay on the bed kissing and touching each other"
"So did they come back again?" I asked. My cock was now in my hand and my wife's hand kept stroking her thigh, moving her skirt up higher.
"Yes. They came round a couple of times before Bob realised. He'd been moved to another house and was a bit peeved. He was too far away."
"So they fucked you a few times?"
"Yes – and they wasn't as hesitant as the other two! "
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well," she said nervously. "They didn't mess about as much to get their kicks."
"Tell me properly – in detail," I demanded.
"Oh God!" she sighed. "OK – one day they sat me on a chair and both stood in front of me. They got me to lick both their cocks at once then take them both in my mouth – at once. I held one with each hand and wanked them both at once."
Before I'd taken in the last remark she followed it up with, "They once got me on the kitchen floor and took turns lying on top of me with their cock in my mouth - thrusting in me - fucking my mouth."
If that wasn't enough she added, " One day, when I was passing the house that they was working on they shouted me and got me to go inside. They showed me upstairs then they both started to grope me. I played with their cocks a bit then they told me to take my knickers off. They told me to bend over a workbench – they lifted my skirt and played with my bum a bit – then they took turns fucking me from behind."
She touched her panties and rubbed her clit. "I was completely submissive to them. I loved the thick cock inside me. I would have let them do anything. I liked bending over and sticking my bum out for them – they always fucked me really hard. And they used to bite my nipples. That was good – I liked that – a cock in each hand and a mouth on each tit. We didn't waste time with coffee; usually it was straight upstairs or knickers off in the kitchen and a cock inside me. As soon as they came in the house they would kiss me and my hand would go to their zip."
That was enough stories for one night – I think we came together. We both went silently to bed.
The following day I had a permanent hard on. The mental picture of my wife obediently bending over with no panties on so two men could fuck her from behind made it necessary for me to keep disappearing to the lavatory for hand relief. By the time we were once again alone I was like an excited schoolboy.
She was very relaxed and had a couple of drinks so I wasted no time.
"Carry on telling me about the builders," I said. "Do something for me first though? Take off your dress and go and put on stockings and suspenders."
"Why?" she asked, surprised.
"Why do you think?" I replied, then I slowly unzipped myself and took out my cock.
Five minutes later she was back – wearing black lacy underwear and her stockings.
"So that's what they saw?" I commented.
"Yes," she answered pouring herself another large drink. She walked to the sofa and sat across from me letting her legs fall apart. "This is exactly what they saw."
Now she was teasing me. "Carry on," I said.
"I suppose you want to know if all four men came in the house together for a sexy time? Well – they did. One day I was upstairs with the second two and there was a knock on the door. I threw on my dressing gown and went downstairs to answer it."
"What had you just been doing when interrupted?" I asked.
"I had undressed for them and was playing with the one that had a thick cock – we were lying on the bed. The other was behind me rubbing his cock on my bum.
Anyway it was Bob and his mate at the door. They came in and he asked if someone was here. I told him yes, someone is upstairs. He looked a bit annoyed but didn't say anything. Just as he said they would go his friend from upstairs came in the room. Bob looked very annoyed then but his mate said what's the matter? They stayed and chatted a bit. All four of us were then in the kitchen. The one I had been upstairs with pulled the cord on my dressing gown and said what are we all waiting for – we all know why we're here?
I let him put his hands inside my gown and pull it apart, Bob and his other friend could see I only had panties on and they had bulges in their pants. They remembered what they had been missing! He was shocked to find I was willing to go upstairs with other men too.
That's where we went – upstairs – they took turns watching or playing."
"What sort of playing?" I asked.
"You know – wanking them, sucking it for them, just letting them pull my legs apart and letting them play with me and look at my cunt they sucked my tits"
"And fucking?" I asked.
"Well – yes –they finished up fucking me. Well - three did – one came in my mouth. I had him in my mouth while the others fucked me on all fours. Doggy fashion they called it. They really pounded me."
"If this is turning you on put your hand inside your knickers. Did you do that for them sometimes? Let them watch you play with yourself?" She gave one of her guilty nods. "Yes," she said, then her fingers moved to her clit and she stroked it gently.
"Did they still never come alone?" I asked. She was still avoiding telling me something I felt. "And once you said it was sometimes in the bathroom, what did you mean?
"I'll tell you," she said. "Will you pour me another drink first please? – I'll need it!