In Trapped Part 1 Debbie was compromised as she posed nude for local photographers and movie makers Ray and Lyn. As a result, she has been blackmailed into performing in their pornographic movies. She has just received an invitation to attend their studio for the first shoot. Part 2 completes the story.
Debbie's adventures after "Trapped" continue in "Tuition".
*********
Once Debbie had received the message from Lyn, she immediately dispatched David to her parents' house to re-connect with the family and relieve her Mother and Father. To excuse her absence, she fabricated an alibi around some part-time contract work she was undertaking for an ex-colleague in Norwich. David was pleased to go and she promised to follow as soon as the job was completed. She couldn't face the strain of sustaining the deception with David while, at the same time, preparing herself for the inevitable trauma of her first performance.
She hardly slept and was up at first light on the big day, going out for a jog around the country lanes to fill the time before showering. Having tied her hair back in a pony tail - she knew Lyn would style her for the shoot - she breakfasted on very strong coffee and a stiff vodka to give her courage.
Driving up to the farm she saw vans of equipment already being unloaded, and walking through the court-yard she passed an array of lighting and sound gear in various stages of assembly around the pool and in the studio. The day was already turning hot and two men and two women, all in black jeans and T shirts, were busy running cables and rigging cameras. As she walked past, they politely smiled and she nervously smiled back. Her pulse began to quicken with the recognition that all this activity was for one purpose only - to film her being fucked!
In the studio Ray was directing operations around a large couch the size of a king size double. This was the focus of the interior work and Debbie shivered in anticipation. Ray gave her a re-assuring hug and a kiss on the cheek and he returned to his work.
Lyn came to collect her accompanied by a tall, well built, middle aged man with short cropped blond hair. He wore a check shirt and smart jeans and sported a deep tan. His face was angular and Germanic. He wore a diamond stud in one ear.
"Hi lovey - welcome to showtime - meet Gregor your partner for today."
Debbie automatically offered her hand and Gregor took it, held it to his lips and fixed her with his clear blue appraising eyes:
"My pleasure Madame. I am very pleased to meet you."
His accent was eastern European and Debbie noticed the size and strength of his hands. He smelt of pine forests.
She smiled and looked to Lyn - what should she do now?
"Let's leave Gregor to prepare and we will have some girl time before we start."
Lyn took her to the apartment at the rear of the studio which doubled as a dressing room for the ladies.
"You can undress and put your things on the hangers. Then we can get you made up. Don't worry lovey you'll be fine once we get going."
Debbie stripped and stood nude in front of Lyn.
"Let's look at this pube - umm - I'll give it a little trim but Ray's the old-fashioned sort - he like's a bit of bush. We'll save the clean-shaven look for later.
... but first - take this."
Lyn had prepared a glass of fizz with her special red "aphrodisiacal" cordial which Debbie recognised from the shoot. She downed it very quickly and was grateful - the sooner she could immerse herself the better.
"That's a good girl - do you want another?"
Debbie nodded and the second glass was swiftly despatched.
Lyn took some small scissors and kneeling in front of Debbie carefully trimmed the edges of her bush before running her fingers through the hair to fluff up and apply some fixing spray. Looking down at her pube Debbie began to warm.
"Lovely honey - now for your hair and make-up - I'll use waterproof today - and we mustn't forget the nails."
As Lyn concentrated on her task, she briefed Debbie:
"The first thing you must remember lovey is that we will always be with you and make sure you come to no harm. Gregor is very experienced but the younger first timers can get carried away which we will not tolerate - you can depend on that.
For today we want you to imagine you are the lady of the house who wants to fuck the builder while hubby is away. So, it will be nice and straightforward:
Scene 1 will see you at the patio doors lusting after Gregor as he works.
For Scene 2 you will walk out to the pool, remove your robe and swim nude before reclining on the lounger in front of Gregor. Ray wants to film you underwater so one of his boys will be in the water with you.
Scene 3 will see Gregor pick you up and take you into the studio. He will lay you on the couch and you will then make love.
Now, we do not script - we just improvise... and regarding the mechanics - just go with how you feel and let Gregor guide you.
Just two things we need to know from you?
Honey, we strongly suggest, for your own benefit, that your first anal is with Gregor - he really is very considerate and the girls all seem to love it with him."
Debbie thought for a second, nodded and asked for another glass of fizz.
"Secondly, where would you like Gregor to cum - in your mouth, on your face or in your cunt?"
Debbie had given this some thought following her first exposure to porn on Lyn's web sites. She would prefer her cunt today if that was OK?
"Sure honey, just remember to wait after Gregor removes himself and we will catch the cum as it runs out of you - that's always a good last cut on the edit."
Debbie's mouth was dry and her pulse was now running in overdrive.
"Probably best to use the bathroom - you'll find the rubber fountain for your bum with the instructions. Don't forget to lubricate your vagina. It always helps."
Debbie did as she was told and caught a glimpse of herself naked in the mirror. Hair and make-up as she'd never known it - wild and vivid with strong eyes and shadow to accentuate her high cheek bones with full lush red cherry lips to match her fingernails and toenails.
Lyn gave her a silk robe.
... and finally, just ignore the cameras and enjoy it!!"
On cue, Ray popped his head around the door:
"All set girls? Christ Debbie you look gorgeous."
He grabbed a glass of bubbly:
"Wishing you the best of luck babe."
Lyn took Debbie by the arm and walked her out.
***
Scene 1:
With the words "Action" all was suddenly quiet!
Debbie stood by the patio doors of the studio looking across at Gregor who was stacking some bricks. He was wearing loose faded jeans with braces and his torso was bare. He was well henched, with golden pecs, ripped abs and arms like tree trunks. She could see the prominent bulge in his crotch and felt a hot tremor run through her abdomen.
Ray and the team were quietly working around her with hand-held cameras and lights.
She let the robe fall open and fingered her cherry lips with her forefinger while gazing longingly towards Gregor.
Passing her cherry nails across her breasts to firm her nipples she drifted down to her cunt and felt the lubricated swollen lips and the delicious moisture of her arousal.
After giving herself a long gentle cum culminating in a soft sigh of pleasure, Ray gently whispered "Cut".
***
"Babe - that was stunning - I knew you were a natural. Lyn, wasn't she fucking wonderful?"
"Yes, honey she certainly was."
Lyn came to Debbie, re-tied her robe and cuddled her.
"That was very very hot honey. Do you need anything?"
Debbie was keen to get going again as was Ray:
"Fine babe.
OK Tommy - in the pool mate.
Just gives us five minutes Debs."
***
Scene 2:
With "Action" Debbie slowly opened the door and languidly walked out to the pool. Looking over at Gregor she paused by the cushioned sun lounger, turned her back on him and removed her robe to go nude before laying it on the lounger.
Moving to the edge of the pool she paused full frontal, challenging him with her eyes, before taking position and diving into the refreshing blue water. She loved to swim naked and performed some underwater gymnastics for Tommy who was following her with the submerged camera. She artfully opened her legs and showed everything, front and behind, as she swept backwards and forwards in front of the hungry lens.
She was liberated and stimulated.
When it was time she swam to the edge of the pool and lifted herself out, glistening in the shining sun, before walking to the lounger to sit and dry her body. Ray and the boys quietly closed in.
A shadow passed across her - it was Gregor - it was time.
She looked up and engaged him eye to eye before feeling for his cock below the denim - it was enormous. Rising from the lounger she knelt before him and slowly very slowly slipped the zip down and his giant member burst out directly in front of her face - fuck, it was the biggest she'd ever seen!
She took her time and nobody was calling "Cut".
She could not, as yet, perform "deep throat" - that would come - but her cherry lips and cherry nail fingers covered every inch of his cock. She gradually upped the tempo becoming more ravenous until Gregor, clearly sensing a premature end, buried his fingers into her hair and slowed her down. Sensing what he wanted, Debbie pulled back and it was "Cut".
***
It took several seconds for her to calm. Gregor lifted her and kissed her forehead whispering:
"Debbie - that was beautiful. You're doing great."
Ray and Lyn came up. Lyn wrapped Debbie in her robe before taking her hand and stroking it:
"Are you ready honey?"
Debbie smiled sheepishly and looked away.
Ray was keen to keep up the momentum. Debbie was doing very, very well:
"Good girl - let's get going - boys and girls, into the studio - another five minutes Debs?"
Debbie nodded and buried her head into Lyn's neck. Lyn held her and patted her back and shoulders. Debbie couldn't stop trembling - the intensity was overwhelming. Lyn soothed her:
"There there lovey - there there - it's OK honey - it's OK."
Gregor removed Debbie's robe and lifted her bodily in his arms and she rested her head against his chest. The aroma of pine filled her with arousal and she could feel his erect cock leaving stickiness on her flesh as he carried her to the couch.
***
Scene 3:
"Action":
He laid her on the couch and began with his lips on her neck quickly moving to her breasts as she arched her body desperate for him to enter her. He moved his body to one side to allow the eyes of the cameras to capture every contortion as he bought her to her first cum by teasing her nipples to unbearable sensitivity.
His technique and his strength when he burrowed his tongue into her cunt took her to nirvana. There were no more cameras - just her and the insistent lubricious organism losing itself inside her - searching out her most secret and sensitive places - giving her the cum of her life.
When he slid his huge prick into her, she was ready - she was amazed that she could receive all of him with no discomfort - and then that insistent rhythm of orgasm bringing her to the brink and back again. He turned her over - she was on top astride him - and, unlike him, she could not hold back. She frantically lifted and dropped herself on to him - again and again - until release came and she threw her head back to the ceiling above and screamed. She was wet with perspiration and her flesh was glowing with the heat of her effort.
Finally, he put her on to all fours and ringed her anus with his lips to open her. She felt him begin to insert his prick and he was very patient and very careful. Once he was in, he began to work her and when he cupped his hands under her breasts to support her, she instinctively lifted one hand to finger her cunt. She became aware of the cameras covering every angle for the "money shot" and the watching eyes caused her fingers to release a warm wetness from her cunt - a final release of all her inhibitions.
She was barely conscious when he finished and after a short pause he drove into her cunt and, with a triumphant guttural animal cry, released his load into her.
As he withdrew, he whispered to her to hold her position and she felt his warm frothy cum soak her bush and run down the inside of her thighs.
She held her posture, still unable to control the trembling in her body, until Ray shouted "Cut" and Lyn was there with her robe and she was taken away.
***
Lyn removed her make-up in the back room and Debbie showered and dressed. It was late in the afternoon before both women were able to relax over cake and rejuvenating herbal tea.
Lyn could see that Debbie was still processing her first performance. Her passions had overcome her fear as Lyn had predicted, but Debbie was tortured by her inability to reconcile the contrasting emotions of exhilaration, guilt and shame which were shredding her mind.
She asked Lyn for a natural sedative to calm her and Ray drove her back to the cottage where she slept through till noon the following day.
********
Of one thing Debbie was absolutely certain - she wanted more - and she texted Lyn to confirm she was ready to go again.
The call from Lyn came within the week and shoot now followed shoot in rapid succession. She developed a routine where she would generally perform for Ray over one week and then drive down to her parent's summer home in Cornwall with David to spend the following week with the family and then return to Norfolk for another week of filming.
She maintained the deception with David and, as her father's investments had bombed, she quietly transferred her earnings from porn to his bank account for the upkeep of both her Mum and Dad and the family.
*********
She would retain very specific remembrances from her life in porn while at the same time having little memory of the long periods when she was immersed in the full heat of carnal passion and pleasure.
Both the drive to the studio and the preparation for the shoot were very vivid. Her adrenalin was always up and she was excited but at the same time apprehensive regarding the content of the piece and her partner or partners.
Sitting, naked beneath her robe, being made-up by Lyn and receiving direction and advice regarding technique while sipping a large glass of Lyn's cordial and taking her medication always heightened her desire. With a little help from Lyn and some self-pleasuring she was generally aroused before the filming began.
Her two preferred male partners were Gregor and Francis. They were both very hot and extremely charming and took particular care to ensure that she was ready before penetration began. She soon acquired the expertise to satisfy via her mouth, her cunt, her anus and her hands or breasts and she continued to prefer ejaculation direct into her body rather than all over her face or torso which she felt was a little too submissive. She would always remember the scenes where they both had her together and gave her multiple orgasms that were indescribably blissful. The cameras just seemed to disappear.
Sometimes males chosen for her would be more aggressive - on these occasions, depending on her mood, she would let go completely and lose herself in the role or, if the partner was not to her taste, she would concentrate on her technique and get through somehow. The more interesting sessions involved stimulant fuelled male novices where she would take the lead, first seducing and preparing and then getting what she now craved like a drug.
She grew to appreciate the sex with other women too. Again, she had favourites - Candy and Emily - both genuine lesbians - the first young and seemingly innocent, the second glamorous and very proficient. The shoots were less intense with long leisurely sessions of never-ending pleasuring's. A seemingly endless supply of dildos was always available to provide a spectrum of different orgasmic experiences.
Shockingly she loved BDSM from the start. Lyn used a gentleman called Takashima-san who employed Japanese rope bondage - Shibari or Kinbaku - she never could understand the subtle distinction. He was very experienced and always detached and focussed. The scenarios would last from two to four hours and were exhausting. Associated activities along with penetration were by another who was always masked and hooded. She was too out of it in her passion to care one way or the other but she assumed this was Ray as his team always handled the cameras for Takashima-san.
*********
When Lyn announced that the filming was coming to an end Debbie felt very flat. The thrilling rush of performance had become addictive but there was a nice surprise when Lyn suggested to Debbie that she should script the last shoot herself - to take the opportunity to play out her ultimate fantasy - and there was also an added bonus:
"Ray bumped into two old mates from across the pond yesterday. They called in at his latest exhibition in town. You will recognise them from the movies but let's call them "Dan" and "Rich" - it will save you making an embarrassing mistake when you meet them. Honey, they are both hot hot hot and they debuted in porn in LA before they hit the big time. Anyway, they love to keep their hand in, so they asked Ray if there was any action down at the Farm. The poor old dear's prick hit the fucking roof when he thought of you and them - what do you say?"
Debbie enthusiastically agreed to incorporate Dan and Rich into her movie and set aside a day to work out a storyline.
Once she had decided on a plot, she fucked herself in candlelight in the scented bath while imagining the two studs binding her wrists and having her until she could take no more. In this imaginary world she wanted to immerse herself in her condition - debauched and insatiable - and she gave herself a deep cum when the idea came to her that her shaming in the movie should be in public.
The storyline was prepared, Dan and Rich were booked and a date was set.
*********
On the day she selected a pair of jeans, a silk blouse and a pair of flats and slipped into the back-room to change. There would be no bra and panties today. Dan and Rich were very well known to her and she was already hot with anticipation. The jeans were ridiculously tight and the splits in the fabric were already beginning to open as she forced herself into them. She buttoned up the silk shirt and tied the tails above her navel in a neat bow exposing the curve of her naked tummy and her hips between her tightened waist and the taut blue denim hipsters. On checking her costume in the mirror, she unfastened a couple of buttons at the top of her blouse to expose more of her cleavage and she tied her blouse even tighter to lift and support her breasts under the stretched silk. She could see her nipples firm and proud begging for some attention.
She was now able to apply her own make-up and her blond hair was loosely tied back and up. She was thinking Thelma and Louise.
The barn was full of cables, lights and cameras and, as she walked on to the set, she could feel the stretched crotch seam of her jeans work itself into her bum to part her cunt lips and expose her availability and her readiness for sex. The tightness made her swing and pout as she walked. Ray, Dan and Rich both whistled in appreciation as she approached them. She could also see the guys on the set pause to eye her in admiration and the two women in the crew exchange a knowing smile. She was on display and that made her arousal all the keener.
Ray was ready - they took their places and it was "Action".
The Barn:
Dan pulled his reluctant wife from the pick-up. She screamed obscenities at him as he dragged her across the lot to the deserted barn. Once inside he bolted the door and pushed her hard against a pillar and told her to shut the hell up. She strained against him and started to perspire heavily in the humidity of high summer.
There was a sharp rap on the door and Rich was allowed to enter and the door was again bolted.
He was dressed in a tight T shirt and jeans. Dan turned to Rich:
"Well, I guess she's all yours - you can fuck her to hell for all I care"
Dan reached for his wife and held her tight in front of Rich. The strain on the blouse was too much and it began to split to reveal her breasts which were rising and falling with her passion and her violence.
Rich let his eyes drop down over her body and he reached out his fingers to rip open her blouse and find her nipples which firmed quickly as Dan violently wrenched back her arms to push out her chest as a ripe offering to Rich.
Rich ripped away the remains of the shredded blouse and looking into her eyes dropped his lips to her breasts and made her gasp. She relaxed and Dan smiled as she became compliant:
"I told you she was one fucking hot slut!"
Debbie began to orgasm. The restraint and stimulation under the watching eyes of the crew and the all revealing lights together with the rough talk was too much for her.
Rich pulled away to stare at her, naked and glistening from the hips up and still being held taught by Dan:
"So, honey, show me how dirty you are"
She pulled herself free and looked defiantly at Rich. She walked across to him and shamelessly placed her hand on his crotch and slowly squeezed and gripped as he hardened in her hands. With both hands she loosened his belt, and unclipped his jeans which allowed him to escape and grow in front of her.
Meanwhile, Dan had withdrawn and picked up a rickety old chair and sat to watch his wife getting what she wanted from Rich.
Rich put his hands on her shoulders and slowly pushed her down on to her knees. She opened her mouth and he placed one hand behind her head and used the other to insert his cock into her mouth.
Her bright gloss lips closed around him gripping him hard and she held his hips with both hands as she started to work backwards and forwards alternating deep throat with tongue work on the head.
Debbie's sweat made her tits shine as she worked hard to keep with the pace that Rich was dictating with rapid beats of pressure from his fingers gripping the nape of her neck.
When Dan rose from his seat and stood behind her and called her a "fucking slut" she came again and she now felt the wetness from her cunt fill the crotch of her jeans. Knowing that her cum was advertised to Ray and the crew made her deepen and her whole body shuddered with emotion as she lost the relentless rhythm.
Rich gripped her head and forced her back into time thrusting himself deep into her mouth before nodding to Dan.
Dan roughly pulled her up and quickly slipped a knotted rope around her wrists and pulled tight.
She screamed:
"No, not this, please, please Dan"
Dan looped the rope over a roof beam and pulled tight until she was taut and on her toes.
He took the knife from his belt and slit both legs of her jeans from ankle to waist. It was then an easy task to slowly cut the jeans from her body - piece by piece - to gradually reveal her, naked, glowing with perspiration, hanging helpless, ready to be fucked.
As the hand-held cameras circled her, Debbie withdrew into a trance full of her own secret desires. This was a depravity she had not allowed herself to experience until now. She had often dreamt of exhibiting herself in a public place and at Oxford she had allowed one boyfriend to restrain her during sex but that was tame compared to what they were about to do to her in the barn. She arched her body and thrust out her arse. She wanted to be taken...now!
Rich slipped off his clothes and came to her. His powerful hands grabbed her flesh and kneaded it, leaving his prints all over her body as if he was taking possession of her and marking his territory.
He slapped the cheeks of her bum hard with the open palm of his right hand. The crack echoed around the barn and Debbie, having prepared herself, managed to suppress her cries of shock and hot pain.
"If you don't please me honey this is what you'll git and plenty some"
He cut her down with a knife but left her hands tied as he carried her to a woollen blanket draped over a bale of hay. He laid her on her back, arms above her head and she opened her legs and he stared at her shaven and shining, wet, open, pink cunt.
When Rich entered her, she sensed that his was the broadest girth she had ever known. She came again almost immediately and he calmed her by placing his fingers over her lips. They were surrounded by lights and cameras and people but this only served to enhance her coming, knowing that she was the focal point of the watching men and women where nothing would be hidden and every violation of her body would be illuminated and recorded.
He pumped hard and lifted her legs in his arms such that they were almost upright and resting astride his shoulders. As he stood up and she was horizontal he was able to maintain an aggressive and rapid thrusting deep into her which made her continue to come in wild cries which echoed around the barn.
Rich withdrew and quickly went down on her. She moaned softly as she arched her body to force his face into her crotch.
Rich backed away and Dan moved in to pull her off the blanket by her bound hands forcing her to kneel on a straw bale with her tits touching the straw and her now very wet cunt and arse facing both men and pleading for more.
"Be my guest"
Rich worked his way into her anus from behind, making her gasp in delicious surprise.
"Yes baby. Fuck him with your ass honey. Yes, darlin' give it to him."
She had scripted this and it was an absolutely fucking perfect moment. She gripped Rich's cock with her sphincter and made him throb and ejaculate inside her. She could feel his juice spilling out of her and running down over her swollen cunt lips.
Rich withdrew and moved to her front to hold her hands tight.
Suddenly with surprise she was being penetrated in her cunt. It was Dan. They would both have her. He was big. He was good. He was fabulous. She screamed in one long ecstasy of shaming insatiable desire.
He began to slap her arse:
"You're like a bitch on heat - you just love it."
She had never felt like this. She simply could not stop. Her exhibitionism and her debasement had cast off all inhibitions. The more she received the greater her appetite.
She felt him swell to ejaculate and he erupted into her. He slapped her buttocks hard as he came and the pain and submission made her final cum a flood.
She screamed out long and loud as she continued to cum and Dan finally withdrew, his desire spent, leaving her panting for air.
They pulled her up, tied the rope back on to her bound wrists and hung her from the roof beam again: wet, sticky, taut and breathless.
"Dan. That was a real pleasure. You should take her to the whore house. Everybody would want a piece of her."
Debbie was desperate:
"Dan. Please take me down. Dan somebody might come. Dan please honey. Daaa...n."
Dan got out his mobile and began to tap out a message.
They walked to the door, and leaving it open, they made their way down main street to get a beer. They would come and collect her later.
She was left hanging naked, exposed and filthy.
As she twisted and writhed, trying to release herself, one by one, the young men of the town and some farm hands who used the barn for a lunch time siesta slowly and with fear peered around the door and saw her suspended and helpless. They nervously entered but hung back together as they circled around her.
She stared, speechless and terrified, into their wanting, hungry, yearning eyes.
***
"Cut!!"
Dan and Rich rushed on to the set to release her:
"Wonderful honey - just wonderful."
They each gave her a tender comforting hug:
"That was really... just the greatest thing - thank-you Debbie - thank-you so so much."
She was exhausted and with her baser instincts now exposed for the first and last time, she was suddenly deeply ashamed of her nudity and she buried herself in their arms to hide from the crew.
Lyn took over, wrapped the robe around her and led her away.
*********
Debbie's cathartic release was complete. She was still unable to articulate the liberation she had experienced in the barn but as the days passed, she began to recover and when she allowed David to fuck her again, she would re-imagine her time with Dan and Rich and this would lead eventually to self-enlightenment and closure.
It was time to close the door on Norfolk. Debbie had secured a very lucrative role at a Practice in the City and she and David were in negotiations to purchase a large family home nearer to London. They would all be together again and she was overjoyed.
Lyn invited Debbie and David over to the Farm for a farewell supper with a specific request from Ray that Debbie wear the little black dress with the nude strap heels and nothing else. When Debbie read the message, she giggled and was only too pleased to oblige.
She had developed a deep friendship with Lyn who had become her mentor, her guide and the "older sister" she had always needed. She protected her and tempered Debbie's addiction. Lyn had told of her initial dislike when they first met and her reasons for the blackmail but then described how she had come to love Debbie as one of her own. Only when Debbie was ready would Lyn now invite her into her bed.
As they walked out to the garden on a balmy warm summer evening with their glasses of bubbly, David sensed an exotic aura around the place - the girls in their revealing outfits with their luscious femininity on display - Ray with his pony tail and his gypsy waistcoat and his easy familiarity - the pool glistening blue across the garden - the subtle looks and asides hinting at mysteries he could not fathom.
What had happened here?
... and finally, the puzzle of Lyn's gift to Debbie - a memory stick and a warning to be careful as it was the only copy of the file and there was no back-up??
David would never know the truth and Debbie would never reveal her secret.
*********