I work with a woman named Dana. Gorgeous! Close to six feet tall. Long blonde hair that ran down to the middle of her back and wrapped around a thin, friendly face. Piercing blue eyes and ruby red lips. Her curves would make a great road course. 36-24-34. Long, long legs. And every inch tanned to perfection. Her smile and laugh lit up any room when you were lucky enough to be there. She was also painfully shy. She was a wallflower. You could usually find her standing next to a wall unless she was in a very small group of very good friends. Once you cracked through that wall, you found the true Dana. She was also, for lack of a better term, a people pleaser. Not so much because she wanted to do whatever was asked of her, but because she didn't like conflict of any kind. I never saw her say no to anyone.
And dumber than a box of rocks.
After lots of flirtation -- and several sex-filled afternoons -- we started "dating" each other on a regular basis. We called each other "boyfriend" and "girlfriend". To her, she truly thought we had a future together. For me, she was a cum dumpster I could use anytime under the guise of being her boyfriend.
One Friday evening we were talking in the kitchen.
"Hey Dana, remember how you had mentioned you found the thought of a 'slave-master' relationship kind of interesting and exciting?"
"Oh! Yes, I recall that. Why?"
"I've given it some thought. Wanna give it a shot? We can try it for a few days and see how it goes."
Her face lit up. "Oooo, really? Ooo yay! This will be fun!"
My brain smiled. Fun. Yeah. "Okay, great. Let's set some ground rules. From now on you refer to me as 'Master'." She nodded. "Your new name is 'Cunt'."
Her eyebrows raised. "'Cunt'? I...I don't know..."
I waved my hand. "Okay, if you're gonna start questioning everything already then never mind."
"No no! Fine. My new name is 'Cunt'. Okay. What else?"
"What else...who?"
She thought for a second. "Oh! Master! What else, Master?" She smiled playfully.
"Okay. You will obey any and all requests from your Master. Any questioning or resistance of a request shall be met with punishment. You are my property. Your mind and body are my property. Got it?" She nodded. "You have no limitations. None. Your feelings, wants, and needs mean nothing. You are here to serve your Master. Those are the ground rules. Okay?" She nodded a little more hesitantly. I knew she was going to agree to everything. Like I said, she's a people pleaser to a fault. "Good. Okay. Rule #1, when you're in this house you'll be naked or wearing clothing of my choosing at all times. But we're going out right now. I've laid some clothes on the bed. Put only the clothing I've laid out on."
"Oh! Okay. So, we're starting now?" I nodded. "Where are we going?"
"Where are we going..."
"Master! Where are we going, Master?"
"Are you questioning already? Are we going to start punishment already?"
Her eyebrows raised. "Oh! No! I'm sorry." I tilted my head and furrowed my brow. It took her a second. "Master! I'm sorry, Master!"
"Now go get dressed. C'mon, let's go, Cunt!"
A few minutes later she came out of the bedroom. I nearly creamed my pants right there. She was wearing the tiniest tube top I could find, and it looked about 2 sizes too small. Her 36 inch bust was spilling out both top and bottom. She had a micro mini black leather skirt clinging for dear life to her hips. Her heart-shaped ass was nearly fully exposed and her shaved snatch was just barely hidden. Black pumps finished the ensemble.
"There...there weren't any panties."
"Exactly. Oh, here's one more thing." I walked towards her and clasped a metal choker around her neck. A name tag that said "CUNT" danged at her throat. "You're to wear this all day every day, in case you forget your name, Cunt. The only way to take it off is with a special tool that only I have."
"'Cunt'? I can't wear a name tag that says 'Cunt' to work!"
"Tsk tsk. Questioning again. You need to work on the whole slave-master thing, Cunt. Turn around and bend over."
Her hands went to her mouth. "Oh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Master!"
"Too fucking late. Maybe this will teach you to question your Master. Bend over, Cunt!"
She gasped when the cold metal of the butt plug touched her puckered hole. Her head snapped back and she barked "Oh shit!" when it shot past her sphincter and lodged itself there.
"The only reason this is to be removed is to use the bathroom. It'll remind you not to question your Master."
She hesitantly stood and nodded with tears beginning to well in her eyes. "Yes, Master."
*****
We got out of the car and walked deep into a darkened alley. "Where...where are we..." she started to ask nervously until I shot her a look. Suddenly, she recalled the butt plug and what happens when she asked questions.
"Okay, strip," I said when we came to a stop.
She looked up and down the alley. "I...I'm a little scared...Master."
"I could give a fuck. Strip, Cunt!" She quickly removed the clothing hand handed them to me. I startled her when I slapped handcuffs onto her wrists. "Okay, raise your arms." She slowly raised her hands. I slipped a chain around a pipe running along the side of the brick wall and secured it around the cuffs. "One last thing," I said just before I slipped a BDSM hood over her head. The only holes in it were for her nostrils. She was in complete darkness.
"Mar...Master! Master, this is...embarrassing. Somebody might see."
"I don't give a shit. You're about to learn that you're property to me. You'll do as I say when I say. Got it, Cunt?"
"Yes, Master," she whimpered.
She gasped when I said, "I might have asked a couple of the guys to meet me here. Or it might be a couple of strangers. Regardless, no, every time we're all together, you'll wonder if it was one of them that saw you tonight," I chuckled as I walked away.
"Wait! Mark! I...I don't want to do this!"
"Ha! Too fucking bad, Cunt," I laughed as I walked away. When I got to the end of the alley Eric and Barry were anxiously waiting for me. "Okay, she's all set. Remember the rules! You can touch, suck, nibble all you want. Beat off and cover her in cum, I don't care. But no penetration. And no talking! I don't want her to know who it is. Got it?" They both nodded wide eyed. "If you break any of the rules you'll never touch her again. Understand?"
"Yes! Absolutely! No problem!" Eric said with excitement.
"Oh, man! I can't believe we're doing this! I've wanted to see her naked forever!" Barry chimed in.
"Okay, boys, she's all yours." It was like opening the gates at the Kentucky Derby. They raced down the alley to their waiting prey.
Dana's heart raced as she heard the footsteps grow closer until they stopped. "Okay...guys...I...I don't want to do this anymore." She heard the sound of two zippers. "Guys! What...what're you doing?! I...I don't...gah!" Her head snapped back when two sets of lips latched onto her stiff nipples. "Oh God! Eas...eas...easy on the nipples! Gah! They're...they're so sensitive! Ohmygawd!"Who the fuck are these guys?! I...I can't believe Mark is doing this! That bastard!
Eric and Barry roamed her soft skin with one hand while they jerked off with the other. Barry was a little more tender, softly caressing her fleshy mound and skin. While Eric would occasionally release her nipple and slap her breast or roughly tweak a nipple. Knowing penetration wasn't allowed, the sound of Eric's hand slapping at her angry clit filled the alley with a PAP! PAP! PAP! Barry's hand ran across her toned ass when he felt a hard object. He peaked around and, when he saw the butt plug, couldn't help but lightly gasp. His mouth fell open. He got Eric's attention and directed his attention. His jaw dropped as well. The two fought back a laugh. Dana's body stiffened when she felt Barry grip the end and tugged on it.
"No! No, not that! That...that has to stay there! Oh!" she yipped when it popped out. "Gah!" Her back arched when he popped it back into place. Then he began to slide it in and out of her backside like a slow piston. "Oh! Oh fuck!" she moaned.
Dana's mind started to go blank while this went on for what felt like an eternity but was in actuality only a few minutes. Suddenly, the thrusting at her back door ceased. Barry buried the plug back into place and began to stroke himself hard and fast.
He tried to fight back a grunt but failed. "Guh!" Dana felt a warm splat land on her hip, then another and another. It began to streak down the side of her thigh.
As Barry backed away and zipped up, Eric stepped directly in front of her. The tip of his pole hovered just above her swollen slit. With one hand he stroked himself with long, hard strokes while he took one of her globes into his rough hand and squeezed. Behind her mask Dana was grinding her teeth.
Eric's hips stuttered. "Ugha!" A thick gob landed just above her twat, then another. While it ran across her abused button and across her puffy gash, Eric shook his beast at her, sending white droplets up her taut stomach.
The two men stepped back and smiled at each other while Eric tucked and zipped. He nodded to the exit of the alley and they walked away. Dana's body tugged at the chain when her body sunk as far as it could. Her body snapped back to attention when she heard my voice.
"Did you enjoy that, Cunt?"
"No! No I didn't! I'm so mad at you right now!"
I lifted her off her feet and wrapped her legs around my waist. She sighed when she felt my large muscle tough her aching gash.
"You're such a liar," I chuckled. "You pussy is soaked. Don't tell me you didn't enjoy that, Cunt!"
"You...you can't just use me like that! You can't just show me off like that without asking me!"
"The fuck I can't! You're my property, Cunt!"
"This was our fantasy! It wasn't supposed to be shared with all of your friends!" her head snapped back when I sliced through her slit. "Gah fuck!"
I began to jack hammer her flesh. "Fantasy? You fucking agreed to this! You knew the rules going in, Cunt!"
"Oh God! Just...just shut up and fuck me, you bastard!"
I pumped my hips hard and fast. She tried as hard as she could to meet me thrusts with her own. She felt me begin to throb inside her. I felt her muscles begin to quiver. She moaned when I pulled out and dropped her body. I quickly worked my muscle and held it just above where Eric had dropped his load.
My head fell backwards. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh FUCK!" A white gush splatted against her body. Then a second and third. It quickly began to streak down her body, following the same path as Eric's.
Dana's hands balled into fists when she heard my zipper. "Hey! Why'd you stop?!"
"Because I'm done."
"But...but...what about me?! I'm so close!"
"What about you? Your wants and needs don't matter. You're property, Cunt."
"Goddammit, Mark! You know what? I'm done. I'm over it!"
"Uh, yeah. I don't think you understand how this whole master/slave thing works. Looks like I'm going have to do a lot of training with you this week."
I pulled out a vibrator I had in my pocket. She shivered when she felt its cold tip touch her hot lips. She jumped and barked when it tore through her flesh. She barked again when the dull whir started.
"Oh fuck! Yes! Yes! Oh fuck!"
"You want to cum, don't you, Cunt?" I asked as I stabbed her body with the buzzing projectile.
"Yes! Yes, Ohmagawd, yes!"
"Beg for it, Cunt. Beg your master to let you cum," I hissed.
"Oh please, Master! Ohmagawd, please...please...let...me...cum! Gah!" she yiped when I yanked the cylinder from her body and the buzzing stopped. "Oh fuck! Hey, goddammit! What...what're you doing?! I...I didn't...I'm not finished!"
"This is your punishment for your disobedience. Be grateful that's your only punishment."
"You bastard!"
I uncoupled half of the chain and pulled it down from the pipe. Her body jerked when I tugged on the chain as I walked away.
"Hey! Where are we going?!" she asked as she stumbled.
"Back to the car," I said flatly.
"But...but where are my clothes?!"
"They're in the car. You can get dressed there. Be grateful I'm letting you dress at all, Cunt."
"But...somebody might see!"
I stopped and turned to her. I grabbed her arms at her side and whispered into her leather-covered ear, "I. Don't. Give. A. Fuck. You're my slave, Cunt. The sooner you figure out I'm your master, the sooner your punishments end. Got it, Cunt?"
"Yes...yes, Master," she whispered.
I intentionally moved the car a block away. We walked along the dimly lit sidewalk past old, dilapidated buildings. A bum in the stairwell of a shuttered business did a double take as we strolled by.
"Hey! Yo, man. How much for a blow job from yo' ho dere?" The words startled Dana.
I chuckled. "Sorry, old man, she's off duty tonight. Besides, you couldn't handle her."
A finger flew into the air. "Hey! Fuck you, man!"
I helped Dana into the car and we sped off. After I removed the handcuffs and hood, with her minimal clothing, it took her two seconds to get dressed. The combination of the unsatisfied heat between her legs and the cum running down them made her squirm in the seat.
I glanced at her with a crooked smile. "What's the matter, Cunt?"
"Mar...Master...I...I'm so close to, you know...it's driving me crazy!"
"So?"
"May...may I use that vibrator you had, Master, to get me there?"
I shook my head. "No. You haven't earned it. Be a good cunt and I might allow you to cum later."
She bowed her head and quietly said, "Yes, Master. I'll try to do better."
"What are you doing?" She asked when we pulled into the gas station and next to a pump. She gasped when I turned and glared at her. "I'm sorry! I meant, how...would you like for me to put gas in your car, Master?"
I smiled and nodded. "Here's $25. Let's go inside. I'll look for some snacks or something while you do that."
"Yes, Master."
When we walked in, I turned to the right into the convenience area and she turned to the left to pay for the gas. The attendant stared her up and down with a wicked smile as she approached him.
"I'd like to put $25 on pump 3, please," she said as she handed him the money.
"Damn, sweetheart! Nice tits. Tell you what. Show me your tits and rub 'em in my face and the gas is on me."
Her eyes turned to slits. "Excuse me?"
"Hell, come back here and jerk me off and I'll give you $25."
"Who the fuck do you think you are talking to me like that?! I should come back there and snap your dick off instead of jerking you off!"
"Hey! Calm down, lady. The way you're dressed I thought you were a pro. Guess I was wrong. Or you're off the clock, one of the two."
"You son of a..."
I heard the commotion and was soon standing next to her. "What seems to be the problem here?"
"Did you hear him? He thinks I'm a whore! He wants me to show him my tits and jerk him off! Fucking asshole!"
I looked at the clerk. I'm sure he thought I was about to kick his ass. He was stunned when I said, "I'm sorry, dude. My slave here is still in training."
Her head snapped around. "What?!" The expression on her face changed when I scowled at her with a clenched jaw. Her body language went from angry to submissive. She bowed her head and said, "I'm sorry, Master."
"Show the man your tits and apologize to him for your disobedience, Cunt."
With her head still bowed, she pulled her tiny tube top down to her stomach. The attendants jaw dropped when her fabulous 36ersand hard, thick nipples jumped out at him. With a red face, she whispered, "I...I'm sorry, sir."
I scratched my chin. "Hmmmm. That didn't sound sincere. How about a blow job? Would that be an acceptable apology?" Dana's body stiffened but she said nothing.
"Uh...uh...yeah. Sure."
"Okay, Cunt, you heard the man. Do what you do best. Suck the man's cock." I looked at his stunned face. "She gives great head."
She looked at me with pleading eyes to no avail. Knowing it was no use, she moaned, "Yes, Master." The attendant watched her tits bounce as she walked the few steps around the counter and was soon behind it and on her knees. She looked up into his shocked face with the same pleading eyes and slowly reached for his zipper.
"C'mon, Cunt, where are your manners?"
She thought for a moment as she unzipped his pants. "Please, sir, may I suck your cock?"
"Uh...yeah...absolutely!" He shivered when her long, thin fingers wrapped around his perfectly average rod and pulled it out.
"Tell him how much you love to suck cock, Cunt."
She began to stroke the man slowly. The heat between her legs quickly grew into a raging fire.Why is this turning me on so much?!"Mmmmm, I love sucking on big, fat cocks like yours, sir. I love it when a man buries his thick cock in my throat," she purred.
"(gasp) Fuck!" he moaned when her face dove between his legs and sucked a marble between her lips. She sucked on it while she rolled it around in her mouth and swatted it with her tongue.
She spit him out and looked back up at him with a sexy smile. "Mmmmm, that was delicious. Did that please you, sir?"
"Uh, yeah, that was great!"
She giggled. "Then you're really going to like this."
"Gahfuck!" he cried out when his balls slapped against her chin with the first dive.
He gripped the edge of the counter with one hand and the cigarette display with the other while she went to work on smoking his pole. I had a hard on before she ever stepped behind the counter. Now it felt like I could pound nails with it.
I unzipped my pants and reached into my pants as I began to walk around the counter. "Mind if I join you?"
The words startled him. "Oh! Uh, yeah, sure."
I stepped in beside him and Dana had me in her hand in a flash. She began to switch on and off, sucking one while stroking the other.
"That's it, you fucking cunt, show us what a cock sucking whore you are," I growled.
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!" she slurped.
The attendant's hips began to jerk. "Oh! Oh God! Oh shit!"
"Cum in her fucking mouth," I barked.
"Oh fuck! Here it...here it...cumming! Aaaaaaiiiiieeeeeeahhhhh!"
She sucked on the very tip while she stroked his throbbing shaft.
"Don't' you spill or swallow a drop, Cunt!"
Her mouth quickly filled with the man's spunk. She finally pulled her head back and he fell out of her mouth.
"Show him, Cunt! C'mon, show him!"
She looked into the man's wide eyes with a wicked, sexy look on her face. Her eyes sparkled in the fluorescent lights. She opened her mouth and revealed a spider web of milky white. Then she closed her mouth, gulped, and opened again, revealing a sexy shade of red and nothing else.
"Fuck," the man sighed.
"Okay, Cunt, my turn! Hold 'em up! C'mon, hold 'em up!"
She spun to face me and cupped her incredible breasts while I stroked myself hard and fast. "Come on, Master. Let's see it. I want to see my Master cum on my big, fat tits. Give it to me, Master," she cooed. Having dumped a load not 30 minutes earlier, I didn't have a lot in the tank. What I did have spurted out and landed on the top of a breast and splashed across it. Another small gob leapt out, finding its target again. She quickly took me back into her mouth and sucked what little was left in my vein.
She finally released me with a "pop" and leaned back. "Ooooo, look what you've done, Master," she whirred. She'd seen me paint her mounds far better than this, but she acted like I'd poured a gallon on her. She hummed while she rubbed the thick goop around on her chest like it was moisturizer before she finally lifted her hands to her lips and licked and sucked them clean. "Mmmmmm, yummy."
"Okay, Cunt, now go put some gas in my car."
The attendant and she had completely forgotten why we were there to begin with. She started to pull her top back up when I stopped her.
"Who the fuck told you to put that back on?" I hissed. "Here, give it to me. You obviously can't be trusted with it."
She started to protest. "I...I..." She paused. "Yes, Master." She pulled it over her head and placed it in my extended hand.
"That's a good cunt. Now go put gas in my car. And be quick about it. I'm tired, I want to go to bed."
"Yes, Master." She jumped to her feet, covered her chest, and scurried around the counter.
"Who the fuck told you to cover your tits?! Goddamn, Cunt! So help me God, do it again and you'll regret it!"
Her arms snapped to her sides. "Yes, Master."
I held out the money to the attendant and he waved it away. "It's on me, man."
Dana passed an old man walking to the store as she scampered away. He stutter stepped along, nearly breaking his neck to watch her run away, then tripped and fell over the curb. The attendant and I chuckled at the sight. When the man picked himself up off the sidewalk he continued to look back at her while she pumped gas.
When he walked through the doors, he saw the attendant and I smiling at him. "What...what the fuck was that?"
"Great tits, huh?" I asked smiling.
"She sucks dick like a pro, too," the attendant added.
The old man's eyebrows raised. "Son of a bitch."
The drive home was silent with the exception of the radio. We were lost in our thoughts.
I smiled and chuckled to myself in my head.Ha! She might protest, but she loves being treat like a cunt! This is going to be a great week!
Dana was deep in thought.Why is this turning me on so much! My God! Just one touch and I'd cum right now! And he knows it! That son of a bitch! Am I really that big of a slut?! I just sucked off a complete stranger! In public! And I loved it! Two men used and abused me in an alley! And I loved it! I...I'm so confused!
We walked into the house and I stopped her immediately. "What did I say, Cunt? When you're in my house you're to be naked. So get naked!"
"Yes, Master. I'm sorry, Master." She was already topless. The skirt fell past her ankles and she handed it to me. She kicked off her heels and left them by the door.
"That's a good cunt. Now, go get cleaned up. You smell like cum. Jesus. Fucking whore. And, so help me, if you touch yourself, I'll know. Your punishment won't be pleasant."
"Yes, Master."
"Then get in bed. Here, take these with you, Cunt." I handed her the handcuffs. "Make sure you bring them to bed with you."
"Yes, Master."
To be continued.