Now that I have separated and live alone, I visit my mother in Australia at least three times a year. On at least one of these visits, my mother and I go on a cruise, for although she is now in her nineties, she still loves to travel.
In 2019, my mother and I did a cruise around the Indian Ocean. We took in ports in Mauritius, Seychelles, Madagascar, and Reunion Island. It was an Italian ship, so the only person who spoke English to us on the first day was a lady from the cabin directly opposite ours. As she and her husband exited their cabin, she said good morning to us.
Two days later, we bumped into them again, leaving their cabin. This time, we spoke a few more words and discovered that she was actually English but had married when she was eighteen and had lived in Italy ever since.
They introduced themselves as Wendy and Vittorio. It turned out that this was their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary, and the cruise was her husband's anniversary gift to her. It was evidently their first holiday in eight years, and from some other facts she let slip, I deduced she was forty-three.
Vittorio was very Italian-looking and hardly spoke English, which I found strange considering he had an English wife. My snap judgment of him was that he wasn't your typical excited, passionate Italian but rather timid and quiet. Wendy certainly made all the conversation, but he could have come across as quiet because of his poor English. Another hasty opinion I made was that Wendy was quite plain looking but with a very trim figure, dark hair and very suntanned. She looked more South American than English. I was to learn later they had a fruit and vegetable business, and every day, not out in the fields, they were in a market stall selling their goods. Hence them both being so tanned.
I bumped into them several times over the next week, and her lovely smiles had me re-evaluating my first impression that she was plain. She always seemed so pleased to see and talk with me that I started to have naughty thoughts about 'what if?' But that was ridiculous, and I just shoved those thoughts aside.
Into our second week, we had progressed from smiles and hello's to the European kiss on each cheek (Instigated by her, I got quite a shock when she reached forward and kissed me in front of her husband the first time). After that, I would take the initiative, hug her, and kiss each cheek whenever we met.
I spent my free time on the cruise writing and often skimmed through other people's stories, which I had stored on my iPad, to see how they described certain things and try to improve my writing. I read a purportedly true story about some seventy-year-old man bonking many much younger married ladies. He just went up to them and laid out what he wanted to do to them, and 90% complied. The story was quite unbelievable at the end, but it did get me thinking, as I'm approaching seventy, what Wendy would do if I approached her. You would never know if you didn't ask, I figured. But that's the problem: in this day of #MeToo, you have to be very sure of the situation before you step out of line like that.
Wendy wasn't the only lady I had my eye on. My mother and I booked a tour at every port. With only a week or so of the cruise left, we arrived in Nosy Be, Madagascar, and booked a cruise out to some Islands on a catamaran. It was a fantastic day. The first stop was at an island where we walked in the forest and saw snakes, tortoises, geckos, and, most importantly, lemurs. There was also a vibrant market where you could purchase colourful t-shirts, carvings, and touristy paraphernalia.
There were seven Polish ladies on this outing; one was a lady I had had my eye on all cruise. As we mingled, it became apparent we were both attracted to one another. But as the day wore on, I became increasingly frustrated at the language difficulties. She spoke no English, and I did not know a word of Polish.
As you can imagine, I was extremely horny and frustrated by the end of the day when we returned to the ship. I escorted my mother to the cabin, then walked around the upper decks to allay my frustration. At the end of my walk, I ran into Wendy, walking along the corridor. She was returning from the Gym. I hugged her, kissed each cheek, and told her she looked stunning, "What a figure," I said.
As we returned to our cabins, I kept piling on the compliments. Wendy blushed and looked embarrassed, but I saw she was enjoying the attention. When we got to our cabins, she opened her door, and I leaned over and pushed it open for her as they were heavy. As she went past me, I grabbed her bum and gave it a cheeky squeeze, and as I let the door go, I saw her husband waving hello, and she gave me a cheeky wiggle of her bum.
I turned and entered my cabin, but I wondered what would have happened if I had followed her into their cabin.
The next day, with only four days of the cruise left, I stepped out of the lift just before lunch to see our neighbours disappearing to their cabin ahead of me. I sped up to catch them and approached Wendy just as hubby opened the door. I put my hands on her shoulders and dug my thumbs into the muscles on each side of her spine. I kneaded into them, which drew a sigh of, "Oh! That's nice. I do hope that is you, Dave."
Hubby looked at me, "She loves a massage. She's been complaining about the cost of massages on the ship and the fact we can't afford them."
"Well, I've worked giving massages, so I'm happy to oblige anytime," I replied.
Vittorio motioned for me to enter with them, so I followed, still kneading Wendy's shoulders. She hesitated as we got alongside their bed and said, "It would be nice, but I really couldn't."
Vittorio immediately piped up, "Don't be silly. He's offering you a free massage. We have nothing else to do."
So, while the iron was hot, I nudged her to their bed and told her to lie face down. She was still a little reluctant, but with hubby just nodding at her to go on, she turned to me and asked if she had to remove any clothes.
I told her that it was up to her. She could leave everything on, but it's always much better on bare skin. She just turned away from me and removed her white top, which was not as big a deal as I first thought, as she had her bikini on, so I told her to take off the skirt as well. She dropped the skirt and revealed a yellow string bikini with ties at the sides. It wasn't all that brief, but it still had this old bastard's blood pumping.
As she lay face down, I asked, "I don't suppose you have any oil?"
Vittorio says, "Yes, Wendy has some in the bathroom." He returns with two beach towels and a tall bottle with flowers visible in the body oil. He helped her to stand again, laid down the towels, and then directed her back onto the towels. I noticed she was giving him dirty looks.
I rubbed my hands together to warm them, then rubbed oil into her shoulders and massaged some knots I could feel. After about ten minutes, I asked her if it was all right, "Not too hard, is it?"
She sounded slightly surprised, "No, it's just the right pressure. You really do know how to massage. I'm sorry I doubted you."
"Not just a pretty face." Was my corny reply, and I moved down her spine, searching out tight areas and kept applying oil as it soaked in. I was having to miss the strap of her bikini bra. So I asked if we could undo it as I didn't want to get oil on it. She went to reach back, but I stopped her and said, "Just relax," and indicated to Vittorio to come and undo it, as I had oil on my hands.
My dirty mind was imagining this going further than just a massage. And I wanted to see how far Vittorio was prepared to go. He jumped up, untied the knot, and, pulling the ties from her shoulders, let them all drop onto the towel. I could see the side of her breasts. They were firm and well worth looking at. I gave him a wink and a thumbs-up, directing my gaze to her breasts.
He smiled back at me and indicated I should massage them as he backed away to the sofa. I was in no doubt now that he was happy to see the massage progress further.
When I got to the small hollows at the base of her spine, I spent some time there as I know this is always an area that is sore and that it feels bloody good if you knead out all the tension there.
I skipped her glutes, knowing it was far too soon to think about removing her bikini bottoms, and I started massaging down her legs. I lifted her feet, resting them on my shoulder, and massaged her calves. When I lay each leg back on the bed, I spread each leg about four inches wider.
Now I started back up her legs, and when I got to the crease under her ass cheeks, I called Vittorio over to undo her bikini bottom. Wendy tried to get up, saying, "I think I've had enough now."
But Vittorio was over in a flash, telling her not to be silly. He was here in the room, and it was all right. He spoke in Italian, but it was easy to get the gist of what he was saying. He undid the ties on each side, then pulled the bikini bottom from under her hips. She tried to snap her legs closed, but I was ready for this, having moved my hands down to the inside of her knees.
I held them apart till she gave up with an annoyed groan, then started massaging up the inside of her thighs. She was tense, and with good reason, as she knew I had an excellent view of her slit standing proudly through her hairy black bush. Vittorio was still standing there beside me, indicating I should touch it. I shook my head and mouthed to him, 'Not yet, go sit down.'
I moved up onto her glutes and dug my fingers in. When I'm getting a massage, this is the area that I get the most pleasure from, so I know how to work this. And within seconds, I saw her start to relax. After a few minutes, I finished them with a thoroughly good shaking, something else I know feels sublime.
I went above her glutes and did some more work on her lower back, then down over her glutes again, giving them a little more attention, then started on her thighs, sneaking my fingers around very close to her pussy.
She would tense up when I got close but visibly relaxed when I moved down her thighs again. I motioned Vittorio over and told him to massage her bum while I went down her legs to her feet. He tried to copy what I had been doing.

Having Votorrio working on her butt, let me massage down her legs and subtly move her legs further apart. When Wendy felt hands on her feet but still felt hands kneading her butt, she came to her senses, turned and saw it was Vittorio. She gave him a blast in Italian, which I think was somewhat like, "What do you think you are doing, you dirty bugger."
He moved his hands up to her shoulders and whispered consoling words in her ear. She calmed and relaxed, so I moved back up her legs until I had my thumbs massaging just each side of her swollen pussy lips. I would dig them deep into the crease at the top of her legs, then squeeze them together, watching the pussy juice ooze out between the lips. She had given up, she just lay there, so I moved one hand onto her lower back to hold her and slipped a finger deep into her cunt.
As I moved it in and out, she lifted her head and gave Vittorio a final burst using some English mixed with Italian, "Well, you bastard, are you happy now?! You have another man feeling up your wife." And she slumped back to the bed in resignation.
Vittorio tried some more consolatory words, but she shrugged him off, so he gave up and went over and sat on the sofa again.
She lifted and turned to me, "You may as well fuck me now. All you men are the same."
I leaned beside her ear, "I don't want to fuck you. I would, however, very much like to make love to you and give you an exquisite orgasm if you would let me."
She grunted something in reply. So, I just let it be and proceeded to work on giving her some satisfaction. It took a while, but slowly as I fingered her 'G' Spot and gave her clit some attention, there was movement in her hips. I moved my other hand up to the side of her breast and tried to wriggle it under to get at a nipple. She rolled to the side and let me get to it. I gently pulled and squeezed it between my forefinger and thumb.
She liked this and squirmed her butt around as I tried to push three fingers deep inside. I took my time, one hand working between her legs, the other giving her breasts plenty of attention. Soon she was actively humping my fingers and had rolled her upper body around to give me full access to her breasts.
"God! You have an exquisite body. You look like a Greek goddess. Fucking sexy, I will probably cum before I get anywhere near you." The words seemed to remove any last inhibitions she may have had as she moaned and increased the movements of her hips.
She was well past the point of no return, so I slid the hand from her breast, down and under her hips and lifted her onto her knees. I pulled her down till she knelt at the foot of the bed, then dropped to my knees on the floor and buried my face in her cunt. It was fantastic, really wet, and I swooned with the rich aroma of her sex.
She pushed hard back into my face, trying to get as much contact and stimulation as possible. Letting me free up both hands and reach forward to roughly grab and knead her tits. When I latched onto her nipples, she became very animated, and I could see she was about to cum.
I released one tit and, using that hand slammed two fingers deep into her cunt, head bent sideways, sucking at her clit. I started ramming my fingers in as deep as I could get them. She arched her back and came hard. She pushed back against me so hard I had to fight to stay upright. As she came down from her orgasm, I pulled her up on the bed and lay beside her. Cradling her head on my shoulder, I held her tight.
"That was fantastic. You looked divine as you came."
"But you didn't come?" she asked.
"I'll come next time. I think there are a couple more orgasms in you yet."
"No, I'm too sensitive for anymore. I'll have to bring you off by hand." And she reached down and took hold of my now semi-hard prick.
I pushed her legs apart, then cupped my hand over her mound, slipping one finger in. She tried to close her legs to stop me, saying she was far too sensitive again. But I held it there against her, unmoving, until she relaxed.
"Tell me how you wound up married in Italy."
"I was born and brought up in the East End of London. We were dirt poor. I had a tough time. I was good-looking when I was young."
"You're good-looking now," I replied. "I love it when you smile, and you have the body of a twenty-year-old."
She raised her eyebrows, but she was clearly pleased with the compliment.
"I'm not, but anyway, we had an uncle staying with us, and he would often abuse me. I hated the place."

She hesitated, then, seemingly with her thoughts in order, continued. "I met a guy when I turned eighteen, and we planned to go to Italy on holiday together. I saved like hell for six months and tried to learn Italian.

Our trip was OK initially, but after several weeks of travelling with him, I found he was as bad as most other males I had known. He just wanted me for sex. We hitchhiked down as far as Sicily, but our relationship was getting pretty tense by the time we were heading back up to Rome."

"Then, in a Cafe where we stopped for lunch one day, I got talking to the waiter, 'Vittorio'. The boyfriend got jealous, and we had a massive argument, and he stormed out. Vittorio said I could stay with him and his brother for a few days. I agreed, and I've never been back to England."
I was moving the palm of my hand around on her clit as she talked, just slowly so she hardly noticed. I also felt around gently with the finger and was encouraged when her legs relaxed and fell apart a little. "What did you mean when you asked Vittorio earlier if he was happy you were with another man now?"
"Oh! He's always been at me since early in our marriage that he wanted to watch me with someone else. It was his brother at first; evidently, they had shared all their girlfriends until I came on the scene. But with my upbringing, there was no way I was going for that. He's tried over the years with other men, but in the last ten years, I thought he had given up. Then, when we met you around the place, he started pushing me to flirt with you."
"Well, I'm bloody happy he did, as this is the best I've felt in years." And I squeezed her mound. This time, I got a little return pressure from her hips.
We talked some more, with my hand and finger getting more active. When Wendy started responding enthusiastically, I slipped another finger in and used one of the others on her ass. This got quite a good reaction, and when I bent and started sucking on her nipples, she was full-on, responding to everything I gave her.
Soon, I had her legs on my shoulders and was donkey-deep, pounding away, bringing her to her second orgasm. It was much bigger than her first, leaving her vibrating and twitching around for two minutes after I withdrew.
Vittorio came and lay beside us on the bed, and we talked a bit. I noticed she was a bit annoyed still with him still.
"You shouldn't be angry with Vittorio. I look at him and see a man who is very much in love with you."
"I don't understand why he wants to watch me with another man. It seems wrong, and he can't think much of me, that he wants me to do that," she said.
"I think you have that all wrong. When they love a woman, men want what is best for them. I think he feels he can't give you everything you deserve and gets a huge high from seeing you come. It's something exceptional to make a woman orgasm, but it's another kind of special to sit and watch her come. I've experienced this, and it's almost as good as coming yourself, and maybe for Vittorio, it's even better for him, seeing you come so hard, and a double orgasm at that."
Vittorio had been nodding in agreement as I spoke. I could see her thinking about this, and then she turned to him, said sorry, and kissed him. I said I would leave and come back later; "after the show, is that OK?" They both just nodded to me, and I got up and left. At the door, I turned to watch them for a minute. It was obvious they were about to make love. He was in the process of getting between her legs. So I let the door close gently and went to lunch.
That night, I went to the show with my mother. There were great shows on this ship, but I couldn't concentrate. I couldn't stop thinking of joining Wendy and Vittorio afterwards, and it had me getting hornier and hornier as the show went on. It's a huge theatre on this ship, right up in the bow. You can get to it from either decks 2, 3, or 4. But I've never seen anyone enter from Deck 4, as you are way up in the gods, close under the ceiling and a long way from the stage. Mum and I usually sat down on level 2, as this was a little above the level of the stage, and you could always get a seat just a couple of rows back from the front.
When Mum and I returned to the cabin after the show, I said I was going for a walk around the deck. I knew Wendy and Vittorio had also gone to the show, so I went for a little walk to give them time to get back and settle. Then, I headed down to knock on their door. Full of nerves and worried they may now have had second thoughts, I lightly knocked on the door.
Wendy answered she was in quite a sexy, sheer nighty, with nothing underneath. She went to wave me in, one arm across her breasts, which struck me as funny because you could see her dark bush between her legs. I pulled her out into the hallway, knowing that no one was there, and pulled her arm away from her tits and pinched her nipples.
"Not here, someone will come." she yelped and tried to pull away.
But I held her, "Exciting, isn't it? Someone could come around the corner and see these. I want to uncover them before we go in," I lifted her nighty clear up to her neck, exposing her.
She blushed red and backed into the room. I followed her in removing my shorts and T-shirt as I went. Wendy climbed into bed alongside Vittorio and motioned for me to lie beside her.
We all cuddled and talked, and before too long, I was between her legs, bringing her to another climax. Vittorio rolled onto her as soon as I had finished and took his time while I played with her breasts. She came again.
"So much for the lady who can only have one orgasm," I said, lying beside her. "How many is that today?"
Wendy looked embarrassed, but Vittorio answered for her. "She's had five, another one after you left at lunchtime, and those two just now."
Then Wendy answered, "I never knew it could be like this, I've been so horny all day. Will we see you tomorrow?"
"Yes, I'd better go and get my beauty sleep if I'm to have the energy. I'll see you about 11:00, OK."
"No, we have a tour in Toamasina tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. We are going to see the Lemur reserve."
"See you at 9:00 a.m. then."
The next morning, I woke up thinking about what I could do with Wendy today. I wanted to ramp things up and get her out of her comfort zone. And I thought I had just the plan.
9:00 a.m., saw me outside their door with my electric razor in my pocket.
Wendy opened the door to my knock, dressed in a skirt and blouse. They had just come down from breakfast, and Vittorio was already sitting on the couch to watch. I took her over to the bed, stood behind her and slipped my hands up to hold her breasts. I squeezed them gently, then rubbed her nipples with my thumbs. She turned to me, "That always turns me on. I can't resist when my nipples are touched."
She unzipped my shorts, trying to get my old fella out. I pushed her from me and undid her skirt, letting it drop to the floor, then hooked my fingers in the waistband of her knickers and slit them down to fall on top of the dress.
I lay her on her back on the bed. She opened her legs, thinking I wanted her immediately, but I signalled Vittorio to come over and hold her hands above her head. He was over in a flash, moving up against the headboard and taking hold of her hands.
She lay her head back and closed her eyes, and I withdrew the electric razor, turned it on and held the razor's body against her clit. She murmured that it felt nice and opened her legs wider. Then I clicked open the trimmer and ran it down through her pubic hair.
She snapped her head up and tried to rip her hands free of Vittorio's grasp. Then, looking down between her legs, she moaned, "Oh! You can't shave me. I'll look like a ten-year-old girl."
Vittorio was beaming, encouraging me, "I'm sure that's not what Vittorio or I want, but we would like it to look like a twenty-year-old, to go with your twenty-year-old body. And all twenty-year-olds these days are shaved bare." And I kept running the trimmer through the excess hair.
Soon, I had trimmed all the excess hair and used the shaver to get a smooth finish. Now and again, I couldn't resist giving her a little fingering while holding the side of the razor against her clit. She was getting quite worked up but was still fighting against being clean-shaven down there.
She had questioned me if Vittorio had put me up to this, as he had requested her to shave several times. Vittorio appeared beside us with her leg razor and warm, soapy water to get the last stray hairs. Then we both lifted her up from the bed and held her face mirror between her legs to show her the result.
I asked her to wear her shortest dress, as we were going for a walk. She pulled out a skirt that came about mid-thigh, but when she went to pull her knickers back on, I stopped her, "No knickers, we are going for a walk without them," and taking her knickers from her, I put them in my pocket.
We caught the lift up to Deck 9 and walked out to the back of the boat by the swimming pool, then up the steps to Deck 10. Wendy protested as people were sitting by the steps, and if they looked up, they would have their photo taken as she moved above them. But Vittorio and I just guided her up the stairs.
We walked her along Deck 10 towards the front of the boat. It was windy, and she was having trouble holding the dress down. She would have one side under control, but the back would blow up. Luckily for her, not too many people were around, as most were already down below, going ashore.
But by the time we got to the steps going up to Deck 11. She stopped and complained, "I'm leaking."
"What do you mean you're leaking?" I asked.
"You know, from here." She pointed between her legs.
"Oh, you mean you have cunt juice running down your legs."
"Yes."
"Well, that's good because we're going to need you good and wet in a minute," I murmured in her ear.
With an 'Oh god' from Wendy, we climbed the stairs to Deck 11. There was never anyone up on this deck when I walked it. And today, with disembarkation, there was even less chance.
We walked the fifty-odd meters right to the front, where we were actually just above the bridge. There was another level above this, where all the masts and other infrastructure were, but that final level was out of bounds. When we reached the front of Deck 11, there was a mini basketball court with three large wooden high-backed benches for people to sit and watch a game. This entire front area was protected by a high glass screen so that you could play on the basketball court even when the ship was underway.
I walked her over to the left bench so I could see anyone climbing the stairs on that side of the boat. I undid her skirt and let it drop to the deck while Vittorio walked over to lean on the bench on the other side to warn us if anyone came up from the right-hand side. Then backing her butt up against a sturdy wooden seat, I took her in my arms and started massaging her back and buttocks.
She resisted for a minute or two, saying, "We can't do it here."

Then, realising Vittorio and I would have our way with her anyway, she joined in, wanting to get it over fast before anyone came. She opened her legs, and I had Wendy feed him my rampant prick home while I held her shoulders to stop her from falling backwards over the seatback.
What a sight! She held my prick in one hand while she opened herself up with the other. She was sopping wet and wiped the head around to get it well lubricated, then pulled it into her clean-shaven cunt.
It didn't last very long. It was far too erotic, standing eleven stories high, with a woman naked below the waist. Behind me was a skylight over a spa pool in the Gym. And in front of our ship was another cruise liner. I wondered about someone looking up from the Gym or the vessel in front, but that just added to the thrill of taking her out in the open like this.
With shaking legs, almost unable to stand, I withdrew and called Vittorio over, "She has to come before we leave here."
I'm unsure if he understood me, but he turned her around, so she was bent over the seatback and took her from behind. They showed some urgency in their lovemaking, both afraid of being caught. I went over to where Vittorio had been standing. Then I thought, fuck this, no one is going to come, so I just returned and took old Roger out again. He was wet with her juices and very withered and tired-looking. But she happily took it in her mouth and thoroughly cleaned it.
By now, she was past caring where she was and sucked on Roger with great enthusiasm. Vittorio was also too quick for her. He certainly had her close, but he came in a rush, knees buckling under him. She cried out in frustration when he pulled out. But luckily, she had me hard again, so I quickly took his place and fucked her as hard as I could till she came.
It took me another five minutes to come. Vittorio was beginning to panic about someone coming, but I had to get myself off. This was just too good to be bothered about getting caught.
We walked back down to the cabin, Wendy looking well fucked. If I had been walking the other way and seen her, I would have known exactly what we three had been up to. Now it was over, Wendy could hardly contain herself. She reckoned it was one of the most exciting things she had ever done. But when I said we would do it again tomorrow, she was adamant she would not go up on Deck 11 again.
I left them at the cabin, arranging to see them again at 7:30 and go with them to the show. I already had plans that may top this morning's effort.
I had to tell my mother I had met someone. She was starting to wonder why I was having long absences from our cabin. When, for the first nine days, we'd done almost everything together. But as open as we were with each other, I couldn't tell her I was bonking the lady across the way with her husband watching.
So, at about 7:15 p.m., Mum left for the show to get a good seat up the front. I told her I would skip, as I was meeting with my lady friend. Once she was safely away, I knocked on the cabin door across the way.
Again, Wendy answered the door, wearing a long evening dress. This attire didn't fit my plans, so I got her to remove it and went through her wardrobe. I chose a lovely long green floral skirt and a yellow blouse with buttons down the front.
Wendy went into the bathroom to change and redo her makeup. So I sat and talked with Vittorio. Talk is an overstatement, as his English was so poor. But going slow and using plenty of gestures, he made me aware of how happy he was and that his and Wendy's relationship was better than it had been in years. He made me promise to try and visit them in Italy, giving me their address, which he had already prepared on the back of a card.
About fifteen minutes later, Wendy appeared from the bathroom, brushing her dark hair and leaving it hanging loose down her back. She looked beautiful; she was a very sexy woman.
We walked to the theatre. Wendy was starting to enjoy this game now, and when there was no one around in the corridors, she would lift the skirt to her waist, teasing Vittorio and me by showing off her black sheer knickers.
We took the lift down to Deck 4. They were both a bit surprised, as everyone uses either Decks 2 or 3 to access the theatre. But they caught on pretty quick when I walked them out into the theatre, and they saw they were right up the top in the Gods, with no one else on this level.
I walked them over to the far right and picked the seats at the far end of the top row. Because everyone else in the theatre was way below us, if they did look up, they would most likely only see little more than our heads and shoulders over the seatbacks in front.
I told Wendy to take her knickers off. She didn't hesitate but flicked up the back of her dress and sat directly on the seat.
"I'm already getting wet, and I don't want a big wet patch on the back of my dress." She explained to me.
Vittorio had his arm around her shoulders, and his hand was already cupping her breast. He had a fixation with her breasts. I did learn that this was part of his for-play, as once Wendy had her nipples played with, she didn't often say no to him.
The lights went down, signalling the show was about to start. The performances on this ship were first class. They had eight girls and four male dancers who were as good as I have seen on any cruise ship. There were also two male and a female singers. Every night, they put on a different show between them and other guest performers who came aboard at some of the ports.
As soon as the lights dimmed, I turned to Wendy and unfastened her skirt. She was hesitant about this but lifted her butt and let me remove it. I dropped it down on the floor beside me. There was enough light to see her clean, shaved pussy, and as I put my hand down between her legs, she snapped her head to the left to make sure no one had arrived, then opened her legs wide.
As I started feeling her up, I indicated to Vittorio to get her tits out. He unbuttoned her blouse. I'd picked the mustardy colour, as a lighter colour would stand out too much if anyone took their eyes off the show and looked up to us. But Vittorio took it off, then took her bra off also, leaving her sitting at the back of the theatre, wearing nothing but her sandals.
This was further than I had intended to strip her, but what the hell?
I intended to have Wendy bouncing up and down in my lap while I watched the show. Because she would be so much higher than the seat in front, I had thought the blouse would not make her so obvious if someone looked up.
Wendy started to get pretty worked up as I worked two fingers against her "G" spot, and Vittorio was having a field day with her tits and nipples. And with no encouragement from me, she got old Roger out and started stroking him. Once she had him good and hard, she reached between her legs, scooped up some of her juices and applied them to my cock, then climbed onto my lap, aimed Roger at her slit and settled down on him. Fuck! I was in seventh heaven, watching eight beautiful dancers in skimpy costumes on the stage and a naked lady with the body of a twenty-year-old bouncing up and down on my cock. Life doesn't get much better.
The lights all dimmed out in the theatre; it made this pretty safe, really. But now and then, throughout the show, the stage would be so brightly lit that the spotlights lit up the whole auditorium. But when the light was bright enough to illuminate us, Wendy leaned forward onto the back of the seat in front, hiding much of what was happening. It put quite a bit of pressure on the old fella, though, and nearly caused me to cum. But I managed to hold the first two times this happened, then one of the male singers came out on the stage and began to sing Nessun Dorma.
The stage was brightly lit, and Wendy leaned forward, trying to hide her tits, but she gave a few good swings of her hips on my rod, obviously about to cum. That was too much for me. I gripped her hips and pulled her back hard onto me, giving one final thrust. This sat her upright, and as the singer hit the last fantastic finale, I think the final words in Italian are something like, 'I will win at Dawn. I win, I win'. I came hard, and she erupted just as I was coming down.
She went rigid, leaned back against me and let out some loud groans and a final long Fuuuuuuuck! Just as well, the singer was so bloody good and so loud, as every eye in the house was on him. People broke out in applause, many standing. I was applauding as well, but not only for the singer. I felt like I had won the jackpot.
She went to hop off me and sit back in her seat, but Vittorio had moved into where she had been sitting, so he could play with her tits while riding me. He stepped past the two of us, pulled her up and dragged her down onto the floor on top of him.
Because we were right at the end of the back row, the row in front had three extra seats, which left a long triangle of carpet next to me, between the seats and the back wall. No one could see this space. Only someone sitting where I was had any chance of watching. Once Wendy looked around her and realised this, she lowered herself onto Vittorio and went to town again.
The show ran for another twenty minutes, and they never stopped. Wendy didn't cum until the lights were on, and for once, it was me getting worried we would get caught out. Some people walked up from Level 2 to exit the Deck 4 doorway. But lying on the floor, they actually couldn't be seen.
Once I saw the lovers were finished, I reached over to Vittorio's seat, grabbed her blouse and bra, picked up her skirt on the floor beside me, and tossed them over.
Vittorio wouldn't let her have the bra, and of course, I wouldn't return her knickers. So we walked out of the theatre with her nipples showing plain as day and her complaining about the mess between her legs. We stopped at a woman's toilet in the corridor outside the theatre, and Vittorio and I helped her clean up.

Wendy wanted more when we got back to the cabin, but I was too buggered, so I watched Vittorio, cuddling and feeling her up for a while, then escaped to bed. I'm getting old.
I woke with the realisation that this would be my last day with Wendy. We had arrived at Reunion Island, where we only had about nine and a half hours. The ship was to sail at 5:30 p.m. for Mauritius, and we would arrive there about 8:00 a.m. the following day. Wendy and Vittorio were flying back to Italy that morning and would be the first group to depart the boat. Whereas my mother and I had all day and one more night on the ship before we flew out to Perth.
I had arranged with Wendy to meet them at 8:00 a.m. and get a shuttle down to St Gilles. Where we had heard there was a topless beach.
I knocked on their door at around 7:50 a.m. and, as usual, was greeted by a very eager Wendy. She was enthusiastic and keen to get some action going, this being our last day. But I wanted something unique, figuring we would find somewhere exciting to bonk at St Giles. So I hustled them out the door, and we caught one of the first shuttle buses from the harbour to the Reunion Customs area, where quite a few tour buses lined up.
There were few people around yet, and getting on the bus to St Giles, found only about five people on board the forty-seater bus. We headed straight to the back seat and waited for the bus to depart. After about twenty minutes, the numbers had increased to about fifteen. All sat at the front of the bus. The driver finally got the message that although only about one-fifth full, he was to head off.
The trip was meant to take around forty-five minutes, so Vittorio and I wasted no time getting Wendy's bikini bottom down near her ankles and top up around her neck. Wendy was pretty keen also and had both our cocks out the front of our shorts. She was starting to get into this exhibitionist stuff.
You could smell the heady perfume of her sex, and this got stronger as I found her 'g-spot' with the two fingers I now had inserted deep inside her. As I curled my fingers to put pressure on her 'g-spot', I frigged it with short hard strokes. She stretched back on the seat and squirmed her hips around, pressing herself against my hand.
I looked up to see Vittorio playing with her breasts and nipples. He gave me a nod, directing my gaze to her nipples that had sprung to attention. Giving a beaming smile, showing his pleasure, he bent down and took one of her nipples in his mouth. Wendy gave a muffled groan, and I felt my hand becoming wet. Looking down again, I saw it was coated in her juices. She had squirted.
The driver announced that we were at St. Paul's and would be at St. Giles in another ten minutes. I looked towards the front of the bus and saw that he was watching us in his mirror. He couldn't have seen much, but by the look of him, he knew what we were up to.
We followed everyone else from the bus at St Giles and looked around. There was a marina and an aquarium there, but not a lot was happening. So after half an hour of walking around, we returned to the bus stop to talk with the tour lady about the beach, etc.
She informed us that there was no swimming here at St. Giles because of the sharks and that we needed to catch the small shuttle down to the next village (L'Hermitage), where there was a beach with shark nets. So we paid 5 euros each and climbed aboard an oversized golf cart.
L'Hermitage was lovely, with a long arcade of shops leading down to a beautiful white beach. There were couples evenly dispersed all along the sand, and Vittorio and I immediately commented on the fact that most of the ladies were topless. Wendy responded to us that she was not going topless.
We found a vacant spot, laid out our towels, and then set about convincing Wendy that she had to get her bikini top off. She could see we were determined and knew by the look in both our eyes that she had little choice in the matter. She kept protesting even as she removed her top but soon was lying between us in only her yellow bikini bottoms, her breasts soaking up the sun.
After a while, feeling more comfortable, she lifted onto her elbows to look around the beach. I marvelled at how magnificent her breasts were. Full, proud, erect, and with no sign of any sag. They were getting tanned, a stunning 36C, without a bikini line and topped off with large dark pink aureoles with huge hardened nipples.
We had a lot more resistance from her when we dragged her up to go in the water. But when she watched other ladies nearby walking casually down to the water, unconcerned about their exposed breasts, she finally relented and joined Vittorio and me in the surf.
There were too many people around us for anything more than sunbathing to take place. But I did get some beautiful photos of her posing topless on the beach.
At midday, we wandered up the arcade and found a cafe for lunch. Next to the cafe was a swim-ware boutique, and after we had eaten when Wendy looked the other way, I indicated to Vittorio that I would like to buy Wendy a new bikini. The look on his face was priceless, and he was soon steering Wendy towards the shop's doorway.
Once in the boutique, we both tried to find the skimpiest, sexy bikini for her, and there were plenty of options. The shop assistant helped us and gave Wendy lots of assurance, as Wendy was objecting to everything we chose. Armed with three samples, we all crammed into the changing room, which was quite large but not meant for three people. And the shop assistant looked a bit worried about the three of us going in there together. Of course, Vittorio and I teased Wendy relentlessly as she slipped out of her old bikini and tried the new ones on.
But she wouldn't allow us to go further than the quick feels we gave her. We left the shop with her wearing a new, brief, turquoise bikini under her sundress and returned to our towels on the beach.
Once settled, we went to work, imploring Wendy to go topless again. She only put up token resistance and was soon lying pack, sunning those beautiful globes. I noticed a couple of young guys walking past, their eyes glued to Wendy's breasts.
I had taken note of these two as I had watched them trying to pick up pairs of girls and the odd single female on the beach that morning. So I gave them an encouraging smile, my dirty mind wondering how Wendy would handle a couple of young guys trying to pick her up.
They kept walking, but I could see they were in deep discussion about us, and they soon turned and walked back to join us. Wendy sat up at the sound of their voices, hurriedly grabbed her bikini top, and clutched it to her chest.
One of the guys responded with a sentence in French. And although I could only understand a few words, it was obvious that he had told her to relax. They had already had a good perv at her beautiful melons.
Only one of them spoke any English, and neither spoke Italian, so Wendy interpreted for me, as she and Vittorio had a good grasp of French.
Over the next half hour or so, we found they were there on holiday and had an apartment just back from the beach for two weeks. They had yet to have much luck with the ladies, as this part of the coast was mainly families holidaying.
As we talked and laughed with them, I noticed they couldn't take their eyes off Wendy's body, and they finally blurted out that they would like to show us their apartment. By this stage, the conversation was becoming full of sexual innuendos, and it was clear what they hoped might happen if they got Wendy back to their apartment.
I was astonished to see that Wendy was actually keen to go. And she started pushing Vittorio and me to go and have a look. But when I glanced at my watch, I saw the time was already after 2:00 p.m. and disappointingly pointed out that we didn't have time. We needed to return to St Giles to catch our bus at 3:00 p.m. The ship's captain had been very specific that anyone missing the last bus must fly from Reunion to Mauritius, as the vessel must leave on time.
We reluctantly packed our towels and walked with the two disappointed young French guys back into the town. But it was just as well we did leave then, as when we climbed out of the shuttle at St Giles, we found half the ship waiting for the one bus. Luckily, two buses turned up, and the driver called for another one.
We had to stand in the aisle on the trip back to the ship, and I noticed several couples were taking a good look at us and then talking in hushed tones. It dawned on me that they were probably wondering about two men being with the one woman and that we were being indiscreet, showing our affections so openly with Wendy.
When we finally got to our cabins, Wendy dragged me through their door and hungrily threw me on the bed. She was as horny as hell and didn't bother to take off her new bikini, but pulled the bottom to one side, grabbed the old fella out of my shorts, and lined up with her glory hole.
Vittorio was just as keen and soon stripped off and lay beside us. Wendy rolled me onto my back and climbed on top. She leaned forward and kissed me hard on the lips. I'd been a bit reluctant to kiss her in the days previous, as this seemed a bit personal in front of a husband. But Vittorio didn't seem to worry about her new ardour and took the opportunity to finger her bum and whisper encouragement in her ear as she took out all the day's frustrations on my battered dick.
When she had finished with me, my pubic hair was matted with her juices, and I was pretty exhausted. It had been a huge day, so I said my goodbyes and headed back to the cabin, hoping to get a quick shower in before my mother returned, as I smelled so strongly of Wendy's sex.
I didn't see them again, as they had already departed for the airport when my mother and I left our cabin for breakfast.
But Vittorio had left a note under our door, reminding me I was welcome to visit them anytime, and he had added all their contact details at the foot of the message. I fully intended to go, but the bloody Covid bomb landed about four months later, and I am still determining when I will get to travel over there.