Lynn and I were spending the weekend at my summer cottage. The August sun had baked my brain, and I needed relief. I changed into my trunks, grabbed a towel, and impatiently waited for Lynn under the large branches of a generous old pine tree. We were headed down to the river — if Lynn wouldeverget out of the house. A chorus of excited cicadas buzzed as I wiped the sweat off my brow and smacked a mosquito on my thigh.
"Lynn, are you ready yet? Come on, let's go!"
As I hollered, she bounced out of the house — screen door slamming behind her — and ran up to me.
"OK, I'm ready."
With a quick kiss, she turned and walked toward the dirt road. I stared at her bikini-clad bum as it wiggled from side to side, then caught up to her and pinched it.
"Hey," she jumped.
"I know a short cut. Let's go this way."
It wasn't long before we found a path — under the shade of a lush forest — and walked on a soft bed of pine needles. Our trek was interrupted when Lynn abruptly stopped, and with those twinkly blue-green eyes — and that mischievous look she often got — blurted, "Let's make love."
"Here?"
"Yeahhere, it'll be hot," she pressed her warm body against mine, put her arms around my neck and seduced me with a wet kiss. She tasted great. My swim trunks were down around my ankles, and my towel was spread over those pine needles in seconds.
"My, my, aren'twein a rush?" she laughed as she stared at my already chubby friend.
Lynn peeled off her bikini and tossed it on some ferns. I barely had the time to admire her perky breasts or delightful nakedness before she lunged for me and my now rock-hard cock. She wrapped her hands around my shaft and tickled my balls with her long nails. Lynn kissed me, left my lips, looked down between my legs, and smiled admiringly. I caressed the nape of her back then my fingers gently fluttered up and over her breasts and erect nipples.
My hand slipped between her legs and along her swollen clit, and into her pussy. She was wet, and I knew neither of us had the patience for any foreplay. The forest air was dense as sweat pooled in tiny droplets on my forehead. This would be a'hot and sticky, sexy-quicky'. Lynn flopped her knees on my beach towel, pointed her succulent ass in the air, and beckoned me with a sultry invitation.
"Come to me baby!"
I melted as Lynn spoke those words. I knelt and grasped her waist. With our sexual fever running rampant, I knew it wouldn't take much to get us over the top. When I gently pushed the swollen head of my slippery cock, past her pussy lips and into her luscious treasure, we both let out a loud gasp. That first thrust always takes your breath away. I was so deep inside Lynn that I could feel her cervix. My body was already tingling from head to toe, and it felt as if I was floating. I knew Lynn was feeling her own ecstasy when her legs began to tremble. She arched her back, clutched the towel with both hands and moaned. I could feel her twitching. Our lust had bent space — and time... had become infinite.
"Oh, Paul... baby, you feelsoofucking good inside me," she whispered.
Suddenly without warning, we were shocked back into reality; loud voices were coming toward us — we froze. I realized that we were less than 10 feet from a hiking trail. A gaggle of what sounded like 20 or more adults approached us quickly along that path; we had no time to hide. Boisterous laughter filled the air closer and closer.
Lynn looked over her shoulder at me, and I looked back in panic. Crouched as we were on that forest floor, those large green ferns were the only thing blocking the hikers' view of us. They would surely see us. My cock continued to throb deep inside Lynn when I whispered into her ear.
"Don't move a muscle or make any sound. They won't see us."
I had lied to her; those hikerswouldsee us. I hugged Lynn, wrapped my arms tightly around her belly, then leaned forward with my head against her back — to make ourselves smaller. She helped as well —supposedly— as she pushed back into my groin and ground her bum from side to side and in a circular motion, mashing her ass into me withallher skill. She clenched my cock with her womanhood in a rhythm that had me so close to cuming — my cock twitched wildly. I felt myself approaching that unmistakable cliff. I desperately whispered again to my playful lover, "Lynn, stop what you're doing, forfuck'ssake."
Lynn had never listened to my commands before, and I should have known she wouldn't listen then. Through those ferns, I watched the hikers approach us, two by two and three by three. Lynn chose to drive us both to the edge of our sexually aroused limits. With the toned walls of her searing vagina, she expertly gave my engorged penis seven or eight tight squeezes. My cock lay buried,helplessandtrappedinside her.
Andthen... it happened.
I exploded my seed into her. Stars filled my brain as my body tingled, and I closed my eyes. I felt waves of mind-numbing heaven roll over me. The hikers were rightnextto us, but in my orgasmic bliss — I couldn't give a fuck. My dick throbbed, and my body shuddered as those hiking boots trudged by. AndTHATwas the tipping point for Lynn. She frantically whipped her hand across her mouth, muffled one moan and then another. For added stimulus — and payback — I massaged her swollen clit. Lynn instantly grabbed my hand in hers and dug her nails into my wrist. I felt Lynn's pussy repeatedly convulse for what must have been a half minute.
We had both cum while random hikers were trekking by. Andtheywere oblivious to the carnal free show available for their viewing pleasure. Finally, the last of those jolly trudgers had passed us. We heard their laughter echoing further into the distance and far into the trees. My breathing resumed, and Lynn exhaled loudly as her body went limp. Lynn looked back up at me with those twinkling blue-green eyes and grinned.
"Oops," she giggled.
I looked at Lynn, narrowed my lips, and noticed a large mosquito resting on her ass. With my open hand, I slapped it —hard. Lynn let out a yelp.
There was a squirrel in the tree branches above us who began chirping. I presumed HE wanted our show to continue, and so did I. But perhaps we'd wait until we returned home. Or betteryet, if there was no one at the river...
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -