My wife Debbie started sharing her past sex life with me to help me understand why she like exposing herself to men and flirted shamelessly. I had suggested sharing her with other men and she had not objected, but we had not acted on my fantasy to date. She promised to share her history so I would understand her desires and behavior before pulling the trigger on my fantasy. She shared her introduction to sex at the hands of a visiting professor, Jacques, just after she turned twenty-one. He was 33 years her senior and had introduced other young coeds to wanton sexual behavior. It was becoming risky for faculty to take advantage of young students, but Debbie was a staff assistant, not subject to the new expectations about faculty interactions with students, and she shared his office/lab as her workspace. That put them together as consenting adults, usually alone, five days a week.
Her second story begins the day after the second time he fucked her (see Lessons: The Beginning), promising to train her to become his slut.
Debbie said she awoke the next morning still awash in the euphoria of her orgasm the day before. She lay there in bed, naked, enjoying the feel of the soft sheets on her body. After showering, she thought about what to wear for her next lesson. Jacques had warned her not to wear panties and she rarely wore a bra, so her choices were limited to what little she had in her wardrobe. Having already used her old Catholic uniforms, she needed a new look.
She finally opted for what she hoped was a sexy sundress. Her sister had given her a cute, almost see-thru yellow, backless sundress as a joke gift when she was nineteen to jump start her love life. She had not worn it out in public, but maybe it was time. It was simple in construction. Inch wide straps went over her shoulders and joined the skirt near her waist. Two additional strips of fabric at the side just below her breasts were designed to be tied in a bow in back. The effect was to pull the thin material tightly against her breasts such that the sides were exposed, and her erect nipples were emphasized. The short, flared skirt bounced when she walked coming close to exposing her bare bottom. With a little imagination and the right lighting, one could imagine that her naked body was visible beneath the thin material. She added strappy sandals and a light-weight sweater to create a sense of modesty.
Driving to work, she weighed Jacques' promised training regimen. If being a slut meant experiencing the powerful orgasms of the previous two days, then she was ready. But she also knew that her two previous experiences with sex with guys she thought she was attracted to were not satisfying. Maybe the problem was her inability to properly satisfy a younger, less experienced man. Or maybe it was the experienced stimulation of the older male playing with her bottom that brought her the powerful orgasms she now craved. Debbie was taken with Jacques's looks, intellect, and status as a visiting professor. She knew he was married, sexually proficient, and would be gone in a year, but her young mind wanted to experience a romantic tryst before expanding her sexual horizons. She wanted him to teach her how to make love to a man before teaching her to be a slut.
Arriving at work, she realized she flashed her bare pussy getting out of the car. Debbie said she knew she needed to be careful, but it also aroused her. She clutched her sweater around herself not quite ready to be flashing those she met walking to the lab. Jacques was already in the lab when she unlocked the door. Locking it behind her, Debbie removed her sweater and turned to find Jacques staring at her. Keeping her eyes on his, she started walking towards him, moving her hips to bounce her short skirt. She twirled around causing her skirt to float up revealing her lack of panties. Her body tingled knowing that she was virtually naked in front of the man who was determined to make her a slut, his slut for the next year.
Jacques smiled and reached for her, running his hands under her skirt and over her bare butt. "Mmmm, no panties for my collection. Well done, you are ready for your next lesson."
"I have a special request." Debbie managed to blurt out. Her body wanted to surrender once again, but she needed to speak. "I want you to teach me how to make love, to pleasure a man in ways that lets him know I am all his and will do whatever he wants to please him. Then, when I know how to please a lover, you can teach me to be a slut."
"Hmmm, we'll start Friday after work. I will take you shopping for lingerie that visually pleases and arouses me, then make you a romantic dinner after you dress, then I will make love with you and teach you how to make love with me."
Debbie said that Jacques then warned her that she would still start her next lesson anyway as two of his graduate students would be working in the lab with them that day. One she knew well, Carlo, an Italian who had taken her out on quasi-dates on several occasions. She had gone to bed with him on their last date. Despite his best efforts, she had not enjoyed herself and it was obvious to him. He had not asked her out again and she did not know what to do to overcome her embarrassment. The other was his roommate and she assumed he knew that she was a cold fish and a disappointment in bed. Now she would have to spend the day with them virtually naked given her thin dress and lack of underwear.
Before she could react, they knocked on the locked lab door.
Debbie took a break from telling her story. It was obvious to me that she needed to think about the memories she was reliving. Taking a deep breath, she continued telling her story.
Carlo was pleasantly surprised when Debbie opened the door, greeting her with a drawn-out hug and kiss on the lips. She shivered as he ran a hand down the bare skin of her back ending with a squeeze of her butt cheek. He now knew she was naked beneath her thin frock. She turned just in time to catch the end of Jacques' broad smile at Carlo's antics, realizing it was tacit approval of Carlo's brief exploration of her body. Then she blushed realizing he recognized her physical reaction to his touch.
Carlo's roommate, Michael, just smiled as his eyes explored her body, lingering on her erect nipples and long bare legs delightfully exposed by her short skirt. She knew his eyes would catch sight of her butt cheeks when she bent over at one or more points during the day. The leer that spread across his face before quickly disappearing as he caught himself sent tingles up her skin. It was at that point when she realized she would be alone with these three horny men for the remainder of her workday.
Jacques had no comment except to say it was time to get to work. Debbie went to her workstation to review the day's email, marking those that Jacques needed to review himself. She was conscious of her short skirt and how much of her body was on view, including her pubic hair and vaginal slit. She did not shave, but her pussy hair was extremely fine and thin. It covered little of her vagina and felt silky smooth. She thought it made her look like a teenager, Carlo had told her it made her look sexy. She caught herself lost in a daydream of Carlo running his fingers through her thin furry covering. What had she done wrong when they had sex?
Damn! Debbie almost deleted an important email when her mind wandered. "I am dressed to be fucked." She thought to herself. "Is that why I am so horny when I just want to get through the day and work on Friday?" She realized she was starting to fantasize about what shopping and dinner with Jacques would be like. Would she have the same intensity orgasm as she experienced the previous two day?
Debbie swiveled in her chair to find the three men following her movement. She told me she could not explain why, but when she saw them staring, she opened her knees knowing her pubic mound was now visible leaving no doubt she was naked beneath her thin frock. She closed her eyes momentarily to catch her breath. When the jolts of pleasure throbbing through her groin eased, she opened her eyes and smiled at her admirers.
"I have finished your email and there is nothing you need to attend to at this time. What can I do now?"
Jacques invited her to join them at the large surface lab table where they were laying out the components of the experimental apparatus they were assembling. She moved in between Carlo and Jacques as Jacques began to explain the components and how they fit into the design. Bending over to point out various items she would need to document in the labs notes she would later be required to type up, Debbie knew her bottom would be exposed as her short skirt rode up. And then she felt Jacques' hand on her butt, stroking her cheeks and probing to expose her anus. Rather than resist, she spread her legs to facilitate his access.
Debbie told me she hoped Jacques' brazen exposure and exploration of her bottom would encourage Carlo and Michael to make their own overtures to explore her butt. She closed her eyes and moaned with pleasure.
Catching her breath, Debbie looked to Carlo and Michael and smiled. "Sorry to disrupt your lab time, but I like having my bottom rubbed. Maybe I should walk to the department office and pick up the mail."
As Debbie stood and pulled her short skirt back into place, Carlo suggested he should go with her to protect her from roaming hands she might encounter in the hall. Debbie agreed much too quickly, drawing a chuckle from Jacques. Had she mentioned that Carlo was one of her failed sexual encounters? She could not remember.
Carlo took her hand as soon as the lab door closed behind them. He pulled her into a small alcove outside the lab and kissed her as he ran his hand under her skirt. Debbie returned the kiss, apologizing for her failed sexual encounter with him.
"No, it was my fault." Carlo whispered as he kissed her again. "I did not realize you were not ready. I could have been gentler and more understanding."
"Jacques is teaching me how to enjoy sex. Maybe we should try again in a few weeks."
"Carlo had not stopped rubbing my bottom," Debbie said. "I was turned on and getting wet."
They did make it to the department office. More than one student, male and female, turned to watch her walk down the hallway. She told me she blushed when women in the office commented on her cute sundress. She blushed again when she realized the mailbox was on the bottom row. Debbie bent over anyway knowing it would fuel the office gossip when they saw her lack of panties.
Carlo suggested they buy lunch for the lab from the taco truck before returning. Debbie agreed knowing she would be exposed to more faculty and students while they waited for their order. The bright sunlight outside would make it easier for the lunch crowd to imagine what she looked like naked. The dress wasn't fully transparent in the bright light, but the shadows around her erect nipples and groin would be close to revealing. And yes, the near naked exposure increased the tingling in her groin, and she could feel her wetness begin to dampen her pubic hair.
Debbie had to restrain herself from running back to the lab. When the door closed behind her and she heard Carlo lock the door, she began to shake. Jacques came to her, taking the food from her hands. "Are you okay?" He asked.
"Yes, I am just so turned on. Everyone was watching me, and many were smiling knowingly. I felt like each of them wanted to fuck me."
Michael walked to her and suggested she might be too warm from all the attention. Pulling on the bow tied behind her back, he slipped the straps off her shoulders and the dress fell to the floor. Michael rubbed her bottom, telling her he was looking forward to the opportunity to fuck her. He kissed her, slipping his tongue between her lips despite meeting resistance.
Debbie ate lunch naked knowing each of the three men were thinking about how they were going to use her. She realized she was shivering in anticipation of what might happen.
Debbie said the afternoon passed as if she were in a dream. She felt as if mini orgasms were pulsing through her cunt because of her exposure. She told me she hated the word cunt, but her nudity excited her, and cunt just seemed to describe how excited and wanton she felt. She took every opportunity to leave her workstation and assist one of the men with heir activities no matter how trivial. She was always rewarded with their hands exploring her ass, further exciting her and producing further mini-orgasms.
As the day came to an end, Jacques took control, pulling Debbie into an embrace as she joined the men straightening up after their work session. As Jacques stroked her bare bottom, he whispered into her ear, "You survived Lesson 2 on your own with no help from me. Tomorrow we will start the lessons you requested, but you should do something to show the boys your gratitude for them helping you learn to enjoy your nudity. Start with Michael and then allow Carlo even more liberties. He is enamored with you and your body."
Jacques pulled Debbie into an intense kiss, parting her lips with his tongue. Debbie told me she had resisted French kisses on dates finding them too intrusive into her physical body. But she accepted Jacques' intrusion. She had already allowed his erect penis into her body and felt his semen pulse into her most private depths. And now she allowed his tongue to probe her mouth, she returned the movement with her own tongue probing into his mouth as she imagined his erect penis probing her vagina.
As Debbie pulled back, she asked Jacques if it excited him to watch her with the boys. He just smiled and gently urged her into Michael's embrace. She opened her mouth as he leaned in to kiss her. Her tongue intertwined with his as she felt his fingers run down her back, between her cheeks, and come to rest on her anus. Michael began to trace circles before attempting to push into her butt. She started to resist until she felt Jacques softly urging her to relax. Michael relaxed his pressure as he ended the kiss and whispered that he wanted to fuck her sexy ass.
Debbie closed her eyes, moaning as she was lost in thought while Michael's finger continued to tease her puckered asshole. As she opened her eyes and gazed into his, Debbie groaned. "When I'm ready."
When she turned to Carlo, he took her by the shoulders holding her in place. His gaze seemed to drink in her body. She broke into a suggestive, inviting smile that suggested he could have her however he wanted. She closed her eyes as he pulled her into an open mouth kiss. She swallowed his saliva as if it was his semen running into her body. She felt for his penis, running her fingers along his erection as he explored her naked body.
"Do you want to take me now?"
"No, let Jacques make love to you first. Then you can make love to me."
"And Michael?"
"He can wait his turn."
Debbie said she was in such a daze that the men had to stop her from walking out of the lab naked. Carlo helped her dress and suggested he should walk her to her car. Debbie said she was shaking so much that she agreed. He put his arm around her waist to steady her as they walked out of the lab. Once out of the building, Carlo pulled her into another passionate kiss. She no longer cared who saw or what gossip would soon spread around her department. She was on fire. Her pussy was so damp, she was certain everyone could see her arousal. Debbie did not resist when Carlo lifted her dress as they neared her car. She just wanted to feel caresses driving her closer to an orgasm. She almost dropped her keys trying to unlock her car. She had to brace herself against the door and Carlo when her orgasm threatened to overcome her. Her whole body shook from the intense waves pulsing through her.
Afterwards, Carlo held her tight until she calmed down and regained her composure. Looking up at the science building, she saw Jacques standing in the window flashing her a thumbs up. She blushed at the thought that he had watched her make a scene but smiled with pride that he approved.
Debbie's drive home was uneventful as her thoughts turned to what might come next.