"Is she coming back today?"
Steve lay back on the corner of the couch only half paying attention to the screen. Ever since the episode with Patsy yesterday he felt like he was burning up. Watching Mike's hot older sister rolling around like that, those sweet boobs struggling to break free, the feel of her soft skin under his hands had been driving him crazy. He smiles remembering his thumb caressing her bikini bottoms and feeling her hips push up against him. Fuck, he sighs, she really needs to come back.
"Yeah really," Evan says, "She was really into that man. You guys play that game often?" He looks across the room to Mike with a smile, pumping his hand slowly in the air.
"I would if it was my sister, fuck man that was awesome!" Steve says reaching over to punch Evans fist.
"Yeeaahh boii!" Evan says loudly.
"That was pretty crazy man and you say she was cool with it?" Mark leans back looking at Mike questioningly.
"She was into it alright," Mike says from his chair. Seeing no one was playing he drops his controller on his lap, swinging around to face them. "We chatted about it a bit last night. I think she was more embarrassed than anything. But she had fun."
"She is a bit of a tease," Mark says, "But hey, if she wants to play!"
"We'll just see what happens I guess," Mike says, "I mean she may just stay out all day. Or come back and ignore us as usual."
"I was looking up some tickle porn last night," Evan says excitedly, "Got some great ideas!"
"I bet there was a lot of looking up tickle porn last night," Mike says laughing.
"True story," Steve says," Never even knew it was a thing but damn!"
"Anything can be a thing," Mike says, "But I think this may be hers."
"And an exhibitionist."
"Tease."
"Look at you guys all up in knowledge all a sudden," Mike says laughing.
Mark looks out the window to see Patsy's car pulling past his truck. "Hey guys she's here!"
"OH yeah!' Evan says spinning in his seat to look out the window.
"Easy guys, fuck!" Mike says laughing as she looks out the window. "Just play it calm ok, if she walks in and it looks like she's going to get fucking jumped by you animals she will head back out again."
"Yeah boys, just relax. Evan you look like you're going to lose your load now. Quit jumping around like that," Mark says tiredly. He was looking forward to tickling those ribs and amazing tits and did not want Evan going off like a nut and ruining everything.
Patsy pulls into the driveway, her hands shaking on the wheel. The conversation with Sue playing through her mind the whole way home. The amazing feeling of being so openly watched and admired, knowing how much she had been enjoying checking her out had managed to hit all her buttons. One thing she was convinced of, time to start showering at the gym more!
Marks truck was parked on the side of the road, the black Tundra gleaming in the sun. The finish gleaming like glass as she pulled in past his baby. Well everyone is here, she thinks as she pulls in. Getting out of the car she could hear Mike's friends playing in the living room and felt a moment of hesitation.
Should she go in? After her talk with Mike last night she had to admit she really enjoyed what happened. Even harder was admitting she wanted it to happen again. Deep inside she knew if she told him no then nothing would happen and she even trusted his friends. Although she knew Steve and Evan may push things given the chance.
Finally with a sigh she walks toward the door, feeling more excited with each step.
"Turn around you idiot," Mike hisses at Evan.
Evan turns from the window looking annoyed but settles in the chair.
"Just ignore her guys," Mike says quickly, "Nothing gets her going more than being ignored."
Patsy walks into the kitchen dropping her gym bag by the door on the way by. Mike glances her way and she smirks his way, noticing right off the other guys keep their eyes locked on the game. He raises an eyebrow and chuckles quietly at her indifferent shrug.
After her shower Patsy had changed into her jean cut offs and a loose fitting long sleeve shirt keeping the three buttons on the collar undone while wearing a light jacket zipped to just below her chest. The effect pushed her breasts just enough to be eye catching without being obvious.
"Hey Patsy," Mark says turning to look her way. She can feel his eyes look her over, embracing the thrill as they linger over her chest and bare legs. Evan and Steve say hi, their faces barely even trying to hiding their excitement.
Despite her nervousness she has to admit loves the attention and the tease in her starts stirring to life. She walks over behind the couch, unzipping her jacket.
Leaving it hanging open she rests her arms on the back of the couch between Steve and Mark, leaning forward. Their eyes all gravitate to her chest, the shirt dangling down to show some cleavage.
"How was the gym?" Mike asks trying to sound natural, his eyes drawn like the others.
"Good actually," she says smiling. "Met a really nice lady there."
"Most people go to the gym to work out you know." Mark says looking at her with a smile.
"And some of us know how to work out and have fun." She replies teasingly.
Pushing off the couch she strolls to the kitchen to grab a snack.
The boys look at Mike questioningly. Well? What's the plan?
Mike makes a patting motion as he gets up, dropping his controller on the chair.
"Come on guys, next level," Mark says starting the game again while Mike wanders to the kitchen.
"So how's it going?" Mike asks leaning against the counter with his back to his friends. The volume of the game drowning out any chance of them hearing anything.
She looks back at him defiantly as she sips her drink. "Good. What do you want?"
"Oh we're playing this game are we? Forget about our little chat last night?"
"No, just don't care."
Puzzled Mike stares a moment before he notices the slight smile and cute little crinkle in the corner of her eyes. Realizing her playing one of her games yet again he decides to play along.
"Ok, well whatever," he says pushing off the bench. "So you hanging out here today or taking off?"
"I think I'll be around with you losers. I don't go back to work until tomorrow and it's too nice out. Besides everyone is gone."
Oh yes, Mike thinks seeing the gleam in her eyes. He shrugs and turns his back on her walking back to his friends. Two can play at this game.
Patsy takes a few minutes in the kitchen preparing herself a protein smoothie. She makes a bit of a show being noisy, keeping an eye on the boys. Evan, sitting with the best view, glances over endlessly looking like he is vibrating in his chair. She drapes the jacket on the table, knowing she was teasing him as she bounces around. Should have worn a looser bra, she thinks idly.
Finally bored with being annoying she wanders out of the kitchen toward the stairs. Shutting the door to her room she throws herself on her bed and picks up her tablet. What to do? Her mind races with possibilities, some more exciting than others. Scrolling through a few sites is giving her some ideas and her nipples feel tight as she looks at the various pictures and videos. Finally after a few minutes she tosses the tablet aside, rolling on her back, arms overhead.
Closing her eyes she imagines herself tied to her bed. Slow fingers tracing along her bare belly, down her hips making her wiggle under the caress as she giggles. Other hands, no feathers! Flickering slowly across her aching nipples, the tempo changing fast to slow while her tormentors play along her ribs.
Her hands move down, cupping her breasts before pulling her shirt to her neck. She grabs them roughly, squeezing along with her fantasy, her thumbs replacing the tickling feathers. In her mind someone caresses the top of her foot, like Mike last night. Fingers wiggling between her toes, nails tickling the bases before dancing like faeries down her soles. Her feet pulled back, the skin tight and sensitive like her nipples right now as they tickle with fingers or a brush! A low moan escapes her lips, head tossing to the side as she pulls her nipples again before sliding a hand down her belly.
So many hands! Blindfolded now she feels only the tickling. She imagines both her feet being tickled, her legs trying to pull away as she laughs hysterically. The feathers on her chest while a finger tickles her belly, other fingers poking her navel and belly. On the bed her hand slips past her shorts, her own hand pushing and massaging her mound. The first touch of her wet pussy, imagining Sue's hand caressing around her opening making her hips jump in pleasure. A finger finds her clit, the little nub so swollen and wet already. She gasps as she moves slow circles, teasing it out so gently. Each caress fires through her, making her want to go faster, harder as in her mind the finger is replaced with a vibrator or tongue while feathers and fingers torment her beautifully.
The knock of the door is like a grip of an icy hand over her heart. Jumping up she rolls over quickly, pulling her shirt down.
"What!" she snaps loudly.
"Hey just checking up on you," Mikes voice says on the other side of the door, "hate to think your missing such a nice day lying in bed."
"Fuck off."
"Later maybe," Mike says laughing. "Anyway we set out a couple of the other lounge chairs from the garage in case you wanted one. The new ones got messed up."
Patsy bites off her quick retort, the chairs were messed up? A slow smile creeps across her face as she realizes Mike has something in the works. Feeling increasingly excited and frustrated being cut short as she was, she quickly starts looking for just the right outfit for the sun.