I moved into my cute little house about 5 years ago. Being a single woman with a house to take care of you find there are some things you enjoy fixing. Since moving in I find being naked is invigorating and I even do work on the house naked.
While I was painting one of my bedrooms I found I got more paint on me than on the walls. To make clean up ease I stripped down. The windows had been open and it was a sunny afternoon. I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye but kept going with my task.
There's really no way to see in the bedroom or back yard unless you are in my neighbors master bedroom. I see movement again and catch my neighbors eyes on me. This has me instantly wet.
I finished what I was painting and went to clean up. Feeling bold I went to my outside show. The shower is blocked except for the side facing my neighbors house. I soap up and begin cleaning the paint off my hard nipples. Paying close attention to my jewelry to make sure they are clean.
I'm so wet I could cum just knowing my neighbors watching me. I turn so my front is facing him and see he's staring right at me. I catch him stroking his cock but can't see it. I take the shower head and start to run it up and down my dripping pussy. That causes me to moan when I run the water over my clit.
I see he's moving faster. I beckon him to me with my finger as I start pulling on my nipples. He's now gone. Only minutes later he's in front of me. Just staring as I finger fuck my dripping pussy. He goes to touch me I say not yet. I tell him to jerk himself off for me.
He starts slowly stroking up and down. I'm so close I rub my clit hard and fast in time with his movement. I'm about to cum so hard and tell him to cum for me. He strokes 2 more times and we cum together.
He comes into the shower to clean off but I want more. I clean him from head to toe and while I'm on my knees I grab his cock and start stroking. Feeling bold I lick the tip to taste his cum. Salty yumminess and I want more. Taking his now hard cock in my mouth I suck him until he comes again.
We exit the shower and get in the pool. He props me on the edge and dives into my pussy eating me so good I cum fast and hard quickly. He doesn't stop but adds two fingers to my wet pussy as he attacks my engorged clit. I scream his name as I cum again.
He then moves me to face away bent over the edge of the pool. I'm at the perfect height and angle for him to slam his cock into my dripping wet pussy. Holding for me to adjust I tell him to move. Now he's slamming into me.
We are so into what we are doing we don't notice his wife walk in and start playing with herself. Moaning and about to cum I tell her to come sit in front of my face so I can taste her. We are so turned on no one fights what's happening.
Her husband is fucking my tight ass now and I cum right when his wife puts her pussy near me. I smell her arousal and I dive in to taste her. Licking from her clit to her pussy opening, darting my tongue in and out. Moving my hand to play with her sensitive nipples.
Just as she's about to cum her husband tells me to cum again as he cums in my ass. His wife cries out as we all cum hard. They start kissing and she tastes me on his tongue. She wants more.
We get out and I lay on the lounge chair with my legs over the arms. His wife starts kissing and teasing my nipples moving her fingers over my mound. She touches my clit and I jump. Her husband in now behind her darting his tongue in and out of her dripping pussy.
She moves down to taste my wetness mixed with her husbands cum. The whole situation is unreal and I cum fast. She's moving her fingers in and out then moves them between her pussy lips to mix with hers for her husband to taste. At this point we both cum hard screaming out each other's name.
They walk back leaving me in the lounge chair passed out. I woke up to the landscaper...