[This is the twelfth chapter in the seriesHouseKeeping. It would be best if you could first read Chapters 1 through 11 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 12. This chapter has a little more than sex in it in, actually a lot more sex in it, an effort to keep the attention of the horny readers. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.]
With the blessings of Mrs. Yarrow, and with the total lack of attention given us by the other ten people in the room, Kelsey and I quietly walked away. As we headed up the stairs toward our third floor suite, I could still hear the sounds of lovemaking behind us. And before we even topped the stairs on the first landing, I just couldn't stand it any more. I grabbed Kelsey from behind and pressed her back to the wall. Then I kissed her ferociously. After several seconds I pulled away a couple inches and looked her in the eyes. She could see the lust and passion on my face, and I could see it echoed on hers. And then I kissed her again. Our hands pawed each other with an urgency that was almost scary. I kissed her lips and I kissed her throat and I kissed her ears -- hell, I kissed everything that was exposed. And then I started undressing her so I could kiss even more places. But just as I finished removing her top and baring her breasts, I hesitated. My self-control amazed me because I wanted to continue so badly. Kelsey was almost gasping for breath and asked me what was wrong between nibbling on my right ear and shoving her left hand into my pants. I managed to control my breathing enough to blurt out the words.
"You said that what you wanted to do to me should be done behind closed doors, and I don't see any doors." It was almost agony for me, but I was giving her the option to hold off until we made it to our room. She paused for maybe two seconds and then gasped her response.
"They are all too busy in there. No one will be leaving that room for at least an hour. So, please, shut up and fuck me!" And she shoved her hand even deeper into my pants, seeking my cock with her fingers. So I shrugged and went back to her awesome breasts.
I took a breast in each hand and almost smashed them flat to her chest, feeling the hard nipples almost pierce my palms. But in spite of the violence of my passion there was simply too much tit-flesh to smash entirely. More than enough boob was left over for me to squeeze and play with as I lowered my mouth to the closest nipple.My god, her breasts are so incredible,I almost shouted out loud for what seemed to be the hundredth time since meeting her. It seemed apparent to me, or it would have had I actually been thinking at the moment, that her body would never stop thrilling me.
The moan that escaped her throat inspired me further. I reached into the long slit in the front of her skirt and cupped her bare pussy. It seemed so hot that it almost burned my fingers. Yet somehow those fingers continued on their quest to climb her mound and enter the cave they found there.
"Oh, fuck!" The words escaped her, sounding almost hoarse in the silence of the stairway.
Kelsey was so wet that it was easy to slip two fingers deep into her pussy. As I worked them in and out, she was frantically trying to slide my slacks off my ass and down my legs. She pulled away from me far enough to get them down to my ankles, requiring my fingers to stop penetrating her pussy, something that I hoped would be only a temporary situation. It was almost as if my hand had a mind of its own and that mind was intent on fucking her pussy. Of course, my other mind was intent on the same task and my dick was positively aching for it. Even as Kelsey engulfed my cock in her very talented mouth, I was aware of my need to ram that same cock into her slit.
I REALLY wanted to fuck Kelsey!
With my pants around my ankles, I returned the favor. I worked her dress down over her full hips and further down her shapely legs, kneeling as I pushed her dress down her legs. As she stepped out of the dress, I was at eye level with her glorious pussy. I could see her outer lips puffed up from her excitement, almost looking like they were inflated. I had never seen them so swelled with passion. And her inner lips were spread, reaching out to me to taste them and to penetrate them. And as much as I wanted to thrust my tongue deep into her hole, my dick spoke with even louder desire. So I merely looked with longing at her pussy folds, and then I stood up.
As we stood eye to eye for a moment, I gently took her face in my hands and kissed her softly with my tongue just stroking the outside of her lips without penetrating. Without even thinking of it, the words escaped my lips.
"I love you, Kelsey."
Oh my god, did I really say that?I almost panicked at the thought of what those words meant. It was bad enough that I have been thinking those words today, but to actually say them threw me into a momentary panic.
Kelsey seemed to notice my panic and she stepped in with an attempt to soothe my fears. "I love you, too, Todd." When she said it softly and gently, she acted like it was a simple comment, something normal that people say to each other. But as I looked deep into her eyes, I realized that she had not offered a simple comment. She had not stated something normal that people say to each other. Kelsey had declared her heart!
And it felt so GOOD! I wanted to shout it to the world!
I kissed her again. And again. And again. The passion between us grew and became ferocious, almost angry. I firmly pushed her down to lay on the thickly carpeted stairs. Still kissing her, and with her hands roaming all over my body, I aligned myself carefully. I paused for just a moment, looking deep into her eyes again, and then just pushed forward. Not hard and not cruelly, but certainly forcefully. In one thrust I was balls deep in her pussy and bumping into the end of her tunnel. She screamed as I entered her, not in pain because she was so wet but in excitement because she was so turned on. And the noise of her passionate outburst went unnoticed because no one was there to hear it. And she made more noises and even louder noises as I pistoned into her pussy with abandon. Within minutes I felt my balls tighten and my cum preparing to make the forceful trip from my body into hers. But just before I could cum, Kelsey almost screamed her own orgasm. As the walls of her pussy clamped down on my dick, making it harder to move in and out, it tipped me over the edge. I poured what seamed like gallons of jizz into her love hole. Spurt after spurt left my dick under great pressure and crashed against the inner walls of her already lubricated pussy. I shouted, announcing my release to the whole world.
"Oh my god, I feel you cumming. I feel your cream filling me up. Oh, Todd, you feel so good cumming in me. Oh, Todd, FUCK ME!" She uttered more words, making less and less sense as she was quickly overwhelmed by our mutual orgasms. Soon, she quieted down as her crashing orgasm seemed to leave her senseless, uttering only meaningless words and then quiet sounds.
Silence reigned on the softly carpeted stairway of Yarrow House. Only the quiet breathing of the two lovers could be heard, and those sounds were becoming quieter by the second as we recovered from our passion.
"Oh, Kelsey, you were awesome! Magnificent! I cannot tell you how awesome that was." She laughed gently with that soft and musical laugh of hers.
"Actually, I think you just did. And you were right: I was awesome. But so were you. I have never experienced sex as intense as that, and I have never cum as forcefully as I just did. That was wonderful!" She looked deep into my eyes and I could tell she wanted to say more. But after a moment, she just smiled and gently pushed me off of her.
"Maybe we should gather our clothes and continue this in our room behind closed doors." She almost chuckled at her attempt at humor. Suddenly I was just a little concerned.
"Kelsey, are you okay with me forcing this on you right here on the stairs? I mean, anyone could have come out and seen us, even watched us. Hell, I am not sure if someone wasn't standing there the whole time. You totally consumed me." My concern for her was more than evident. I realized that I didn't mind pushing her boundaries a little, but I didn't want to violate her sensitivities or her need for privacy.
"Relax, Todd. Did you notice me resisting?" I looked at the sincerity in her eyes and relaxed. "We were one step away from me pushing YOU against that wall and raping you." And she gently kissed me, softly but with passion still smoldering inside of her.
After a few moments of kissing, she sat up. "BUT, I think I was right. We should gather our clothes and continue this in our room." I grinned as a thought hit me.
"Maybe we should leave our clothes here so the others can see them and wonder what they missed." I was more than a little turned on by that thought, and grinned widely.
"Somehow, I don't think that anyone in that room would think they missed anything important." Her words were accompanied by her own smile as she gave me a knowing look. Then she stood up, a little unsteady on her feet. We gathered our clothes and walked up the stairs the two more floors to our room. As I closed the door behind us, I noticed her standing in front of me. She presented the perfect picture of beauty and vulnerability, and I could not resist responding to her. I stepped forward and put my arms around her, just holding her silently for a full minute. Then I kissed her, gently and warmly and passionately. And she returned my kiss with all the warmth and passion I showed her. I took her hand and led her to our bed. I slowly pushed her onto the mattress, and then pulled the sheets over us.
As we lay on our sides facing each other, I pulled her close. We kissed softly and gently for several minutes. Then I pushed forward and slowly entered her. We made love, sweetly touching and caressing each other, not in a hurry for anything. And it was wonderful.
-------------------
I was awakened by Kelsey's lips softly caressing my ear. As consciousness slowly creeped into my brain, pieces of memories began to surface. The sensual dinner last night, the erotic games afterwards, Kelsey and I sharing Mrs. Yarrow's breasts...Shit! Did that really happen?I shook my head to clear the mental cobwebs and bumped hard into Kelsey's nose.
"OWWW! That hurt." Her cry swept away the last of the confusion, and I quickly turned toward her with an apology on my lips. But before it came out, Kelsey's outcry had turned to laughter.
"I guess that is my reward for nuzzling the ear of a sleeping man," her chuckle accompanied by her sitting up in the bed became my focus. And it was easy to focus on her. Kelsey was so beautiful!
She sat there rubbing her nose, grinning from ear to ear, yet all I could see was her perfect body, naked from the waist up. The sheet had fallen down around her hips, and her slender waist and firm stomach were clearly on display for my widening eyes. And the most perfect breasts on the planet captured my attention. Large enough to inspire awe in me, yet small enough to not be considered awkward. The perfect size to be touched and stroked and massaged and sucked and nibbled and... I was instantly hard.
"Hey, buddy, my eyes are up here." Kelsey's words were impatient in spite of the laugh in her voice. "You do remember that I have eyes, right?"
"You do?" I questioned, with a groggy voice. "Where?" She laughed even harder.
"Up here." And she took my face between her hands and pulled me up to eye level.
"Oh, yea. There." And my own chuckles joined in the music of the morning.
We kissed, trying hard to ignore the morning breath that is the curse of loving a woman all night long. I remembered that we had made love twice more after coming to bed, and then again when she woke up sometime during the night. I cupped her right breast with my left hand and I caressed the back of her neck with my right. Her lips touched mine lightly, and then more urgently, as we both remembered the events of the last twelve hours.
After the visual stimulation of the other couples engaging in all sorts of sexual combinations, and then physical stimulation of sucking and playing with the large tits and very large nipples of Mrs. Yarrow, Kelsey and I had gone to our room for our own party.
"May I ask you a question?" She nodded and waited. "You didn't want to make love in front of the others. Yet you seemed to have no problem giving me a blowjob in the game room before dinner. And you seemed to have no problem wearing my cum all over your face during dinner. And you seemed to enjoy Mrs. Yarrow's breasts in front of them. And making love on the stairs where anyone could have seen us didn't seem to be a problem for you. I am not complaining, Kelsey, I am just trying to figure out your boundaries."
"I am sorry, Todd, but I am just not comfortable having sex in front of a roomful of people. Not even if they are engaging in sex at the same time. I am just not there yet." Kelsey's words carried guilt and remorse as we lay in our bed holding each other.
"Sweetheart, I am not ready for that, either. I was actually pulling you toward the door before you suggested we leave. Making love with you is still too new and still too wonderful for me to share it with others. Maybe someday, but I doubt it. I wanted to get you off to myself before I ravished your awesome body and made strong and powerful love to you." And I kissed her with more passion than ever before.
"Really?" she panted, after several seconds of kissing where she almost swallowed my tongue. "No audience?" I looked deep into the eyes and shook my head no. "Well, there is no audience now." Her hint was clear and I hesitated for just a moment before beginning to make love to her yet again.