She felt all eyes on her as she came out onto the stage. It was late on a Friday night, or early Saturday morning, depending on how you looked at it. The audience was like a sea of people, and when they heard her heels pounding, making strides to the pole, matching the beats of the music, all heads turned.
It felt like everyone in the club had been put under a spell as she took hold of the pole with one hand, swinging her body slowly, sexily around it. Her hips swung in the most enticing way as the music continued to play.
To her, this was like a high. She felt intoxicated; she felt as if she was the only one on the planet, or even in the universe, who existed. Just her and the pole. All else was foggy, blocked out of her vision.
She continued her movements, hearing cheers from a distant place. She jumped up, onto the pole and began spinning down around it. Her body was fit, and scantily clad with sheer, lacy fabrics. The shoes on her feet made her almost five inches taller, and gave her legs an amazing look of length.
Soon, the stage was being littered in bills, money that was being thrown away, in appreciation of her natural talents.
She whipped her hair around, letting the blonde locks flow through the air, creating a beautiful illusion for all those watching. She released one hand from the pole and spread herself, opening her legs wide. Whistles were heard, encouraging her.
She dropped the top half of her body dropped down, as she shook her ass, allowing everything to be seen by the voyeuristic crowd.
Sounds of male voices were prompting her, "Take it off! Strip! Show us who you really are!"
She started to dance off of the pole, working her hands into the air, a smile coming to her face. She suddenly revealed her breasts, dropping the bra to the floor.
The roar from the onlookers told her they enjoyed the view they had.
Her hands travelled from her hips to her pink nipples. She squeezed her perky tits and let out a moan, just barely audible above the sound of the fast-paced music. More cheers were heard, and her smile grew bigger.
She journeyed back to the pole, circling it once more, letting everyone get a nice view of her chest. More money was thrown on the stage, and the audience kept cheering, wanting to see more.
Her teasing continued as she kept up her rhythm. She swayed, and her ass rocked in ways that some women wished they were capable of.
While moving on the pole, she felt a rush of energy. Wanting to keep her show going, she started up the pole, turning upside-down, and coming back down. Her legs were splayed open; not much was left to the imagination.
When she reached the stage once more, she slid the panties she had on down her legs, showing off her shaved pussy. Once again, she moved her ass, so fast it appeared to be vibrating. She could feel some of her wetness shake off of her pussy lips, spotting on the stage.
Her hands moved up and down her flat stomach, grazing over her belly button ring. The diamond sparkled in the bright stage lights.
She twirled and once again grabbed her breasts; the erotic move meant to turn on the men who were watching also turned her on.
The crowd went crazy, whooping and hollering, as more than just one-dollar-bills spilled onto stage.
Soon her movements were fast and erratic. She wasn't just dancing to please those around her, she was dancing to please herself.
She danced, swayed, and rocked to the music. Her eyes dropped closed and the crowd disappeared. She turned her body around, beginning to feel dizzy, but it became an aphrodisiac, adding to the pleasure she was already experiencing.
On stage the only thing anyone saw was her body. Nothing mattered but her hair, her make-up, and her skin. No one asked her any questions. She just danced and smiled, allowing everyone to see herself, completely physically revealed.
And she loved it. It was her greatest turn-on to have people watching her as did sexy things with her sensational body. It was all she ever wanted: for everyone to desire her body. The cheers and the compliments made her feel wanted. They boosted her confidence. She loved the attention; everyone's the eyes on her.
<><><>
Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed yourself.
Feedback (questions, comments, concerns, suggestions) is ALWAYS welcome.
- L.