My heart was beating faster than usual as I swayed from side to side in the post office customer line, folding the well-worn collection slip excitedly in my hands. I had been keenly waiting for the delivery of a new toy for several days now. It was a running joke between several close friends that, given my rather high sex drive, any toy that ended up in my hands would have a relatively short lifespan. Although this was said in a joking manner, I had been proving this true lately; my last vibrator had lasted only a few short months, running out of juice about a week ago, and my frustration was mounting.
Stepping up to the counter, I couldn't hide the smile that spread across my lips as I saw a parcel with familiar packaging being pulled from below the counter.
"Been waiting on this one, love?" asked the older gentleman behind the counter, as he began to process the release of the package.
"Yes," I smiled sweetly back at him, answering "this one has taken it's time in getting here."
He nodded at me, apologising "we've been experiencing some issues lately, I hope the delay hasn't caused too much frustration."
I laughed, answering "nothing that can't be taken care of now that it's here".
Confused, he looked back at me, and then curiously down at the package. Turning it in his hands, he handed it to me, saying "well, I hope you enjoy it".
"Thanks," I responded, smiling back at him. "I will."
With that, I clutched my new delivery to my chest and turned to walk through the door.
* * *
"Hi," I called to my housemates, walking through the door of our small home. A chorus of hellos echoed back at me from the girls. Depositing my handbag in my bedroom (my package was tucked deep in the bottom, away from prying eyes), I slid my heels off and swapped my fitted business dress for denim shorts and a white t-shirt.
My face broke into a grin as I entered the kitchen, finding the girls making Sangria.
"Tough day at work, ladies?" I asked, accepting a glass from Liz as I slid onto the kitchen stool, a foot curled underneath me.
Liz joined my laughter as Suze nodded in defeat.
"Thursday night cocktails are always a sign of a tough day," Suze answered, downing the remnants of her drink, before pouring another.
"Well, only upwards right? Tomorrow's Friday - focus on the positive, girls!"
Liz and Suze shook their heads at me.
"I don't know how you can be so positive, Jess," Liz said, "God knows your job isn't a walk in the park either."
I nodded; she was right. The dragon lady had been particularly difficult this week; but I was focused on my weekend, and nothing could kill that buzz.
"True," I agreed, "but I'm headed away for the weekend - got to focus on the good things, right?"
They groaned at me, teasing me about my relentless positivity as plates were handed over and we set the table for dinner.
Conversation continued, moving from the topic of work to plans for the weekend. As the girls told me of their planned dinners, dates and dancing, a part of my mind drifted, thinking to the package hidden at the bottom of my handbag. After a week of frustration without my last toy, my patience was waning, and I felt a desperate craving for the orgasm I had been missing.
A hand pressed to my temple, Liz suddenly frowned at me over the table, concerned. "Jessie, are you alright? Not another migraine?"
I shook my head at her, answering "no, thankfully. Just a bit of a tension headache from the day." I adored these girls and they had my back; their attention and concern were heart-warming. A share house was not a usual situation for girls our age, but I couldn't imagine living without them.
Suze acted in a flash; within moments, she was pressing painkillers and water into my hands, my drink and dinner cleared as they both insisted that I have an early night to catch the headache before it worsened. They had witnessed how debilitating migraines could be and were eager to head them off before they hit, where possible. As my bedroom door swung closed behind me, I was left facing my bed, the silence of my bedroom engulfing me, broken only by the noise of the muffled television from the lounge room outside my bedroom door.
With a contented sigh, I slid my shorts down my toned, tanned legs, folding them and placing them on the chair. I unclasped my bra and slid it out from under my t-shirt, leaving me in my white t-shirt and black lace g-string.
Searching out scissors and batteries from my bottom drawer, I pulled the package from my handbag, keenly ripping open the paper to reveal the plastic sealed vibrator inside.
As it always did, the first sight of my new toy made by breath catch in my throat. Seeing it for the first time, I couldn't help but imagine how it would feel inside me; how deep it would go, how much it would fill me, how the vibrations would feel. That thought alone was enough to make my already slick pussy gush.
The scissors making short work of opening the package, my hands made contact with the flesh-like toy, solid in my hands. I couldn't help but wish it were real; but this was a reliable and satisfying alternative, and I knew how much pleasure it would bring me.
Pulling it from the package, I lay back against my pillows, pulling the soft covers over my body as I slid in two batteries and pressed the button, watching my new toy come to life with its slowest vibration. As my vibrator came to life, so did my mobile phone, vibrating and flashing your name across the screen.
With a sigh of frustration, I contemplated whether to answer. My focus was too keenly on the solid toy in my hands, and I decided that you could wait, as I slid the toy beneath my covers and under my flimsy lace g-string.
A sharp gasp escaped my lips as the head of the toy made contact with my clit, the intense vibrations sending a shock wave through me. I wriggled, knowing that, as it had been a week since my last orgasm, it was likely to be fast and intense tonight. Teasing my clit for a few moments, working the toy around it with varying patterns and speed, I angled it South, pressing lightly at the entrance to my pussy. My juices had spread, and, although I was applying light pressure only, the tip slid in enough to make me groan slightly.
Outside, I heard the sound of the t.v. disappear. Conscious of the noise I was making, and suddenly desperate for my orgasm, I clasped a hand over my mouth as I drove the toy into my pussy, delighting at the sense of fullness I suddenly felt. Fucking myself with my vibrator, I was moments away from orgasm, my breath short and my moans muffled behind my hand, as I heard a knock at my door. Swiftly silencing the vibrations of my toy, the door creaked open slightly, as I heard Liz quietly ask, "Jess, I heard you groan, are you ok?"
In the darkness, my cheeks burned red with my embarrassment at being heard.
"Yes, thanks for checking on me," I answered. "Just a muscle cramp after my run this morning. I'm just going to call Evan back, then will get some sleep."
She sighed with relief, answering "ok, let me know if you need anything," before closing the door.
I sighed with frustration. My mood had dissipated and, as Liz was now expecting to hear me on the phone, I figured I may actually stick to what I said I was going to do; my orgasm was going to have to wait.
Lifting my phone from the bedside table, I scrolled down to find your name, dialling the number. You answered after a couple of rings.
"Evan, hi, it's Jessica - you called?" I asked
"Jess!" you exclaimed with excitement. "How're you doing?"
I smiled; Evan and I had been friends for an age. There was never any potential for a relationship between us, but he was a good person and I valued and trusted his friendship.
"I'm good!" I answered, continuing, "I can't wait to see you this weekend. What're we doing?"
"I thought we could grab some dinner tomorrow, if you like? I know you're coming up after work. Maybe we could just grab something from the pub, have a couple of drinks? You know you're always welcome to stay here if we go past a couple," he laughed.
I smiled at this comment; I couldn't remember the last time I had gone for a drink with Evan and we had been able to stick to just a couple. We had been friends for so long that I was well acquainted with his spare bedroom.
"I might just take you up on that," I responded, laughing.
"So, what's been happening? Have you replaced your last "friend" yet?" he asked with a chuckle.
Evan was one of the few people who knew my propensity to frequently replace toys and took great delight in teasing me about it. My cheeks flushed again, suddenly remembering that my new toy had been on my clit when he called.
"Yes," I answered, coyly, "it was delivered today."
"Have you had a chance to take it for a test drive yet?" he asked with a cheeky note in his voice.
The fire in my cheeks remained, as a wave of frustration rolled through me at the orgasm previously interrupted.
"Well, I tried..." I started, my voice trailing off.
"And?" he asked.
I sighed, answering, "I live in a share house. I got interrupted."
He laughed, as I continued, somewhat without thinking and now just venting a point of frustration that had been building in me.
"I love the girls, I really do, and I don't want to live anywhere else. But, oh, what I would give for an orgasm where I didn't have to wonder who was going to hear me, where I didn't have to be conscious of muffling my noise."
Silence met me on the other end of the phone, as a wave of dread rolled through me, suddenly conscious of what I had just said.
"Evan?" I asked, tentatively. "I'm so sorry - can you ignore what I just said?"
You remained silent for another moment, before your voice quietly spoke.
"Bring them here."
Uncertain of what you meant, I asked, "What?"
"Bring your toys here."
I stopped for a moment, startled at the suggestion. We had got carried away on the phone a couple of times once or twice, and you had heard me orgasm before; but this was a step further than I had ever contemplated.
You continued. "I'm the only one in this house, Jess. I've heard you before, and I don't really care if I hear you again. You're my friend, and if that what you need, then do it. The bed is yours, regardless of what you do in it."
My mind ran with the possibilities.
"Thanks Evan, I'll think on it."
The unexpected suggestion had thrown both of us and drew our conversation to an abrupt end.
"I'll see you tomorrow night, Jess," you said, before I heard the call terminate.
To be continued...