As daylight filtered overhead Heidi Baker woke up on top of her blanket. Her ass was sticky making her frown and rub her cheeks. Dawning on her who to blame she lay there staring at herself in her upright mirror.
"What the hell are you doing?" She pondered her near miss night. Zach had her exactly where he wanted her, but didn't follow through. All it would have took was one good thrust and she would have been fucked. Her risks were getting too much. She needed to stop while she was ahead. "You almost hit it Tom. It was hot but dammit...I...I don't want us to become fuck buddies. Why do you think I coaxed my sister into your perversions? She needs laid. Hell Nasty needs laid." She rolls over and exhales a deafening sigh, "Grrrr! I need laid. FUCK!" Her hands and feet stomp the futon mattress to dispel her aggression. Tantrum relaxing, she hears the shower running. Just as Zach needed to yesterday when she was showering, Heidi needed to pee. Crawling to her feet she starts for her door then realizes her nudity. "Do I dare go in nude after last night?"
Thirty seconds of looking around for clothing she just turns her door knob and boldly marches to the bathroom door. Opening the door she spots Zach washing his hair, his muscular frame making her pause. Nibbling her pinky she knocked on the shower door. "MY ASS IS STILL STICKY."
"Room in the shower. You're welcome to join me."
'Gotta pee." She shuffles to the toilet and squats. Her hair a mess caught her attention in the bathroom mirror. Primping a bit as her bladder emptied she watched Zach from the mirror. "So you got a job. Doing what?"
"Masseuse. I might need to practice on you. Never really done it before?"
"You did not." She laughs.
"Naaaa! But, I can still practice on you."
"Maybe. I love a good body massage. So what's the real job?"
"Jobs a job. It's at a Home siding company. They specialize in siding and insulation. The owner is an Italian guy that looks like Danny DeVito. Married to a gal who could be Rihanna's twin. Mixed daughter looks like...maybe China McClain from Black Lightning, only lighter skin."
"Black Lightning? Sounds racist."
"CW show from a comic book." He chuckles. "I watch a lot of TV not working. All I'm saying is she's hot."
"Sounds like you have your sights set."
"Keeping my options open."
"Good. Maybe it will keep you from trying to fuck me."
"Doubt that."
"Oh really?" She washes her hands expecting cold water like yesterday. It didn't happen this time. "So you're admitting you want to fuck me?"
"Wouldn't pass it up. Oh, but I guess that would be wrong considering you're my daughter now."
"HA HA! Hey, if it keeps my name off the lease we can play that game. What Walter doesn't know won't hurt him."
"Shit! I have to pay him the rent. I don't have time too. I can't keep putting it off."
"Write me a check I'll deliver it to him. I don't have to be at the salon until noon."
"That would be awesome. Nails today huh?"
"Yep. I love doing nails. You should let me do yours." She steps up to the shower door and opens it. Stepping in she moves in front of Zach with her ass up against his dangling monstrosity. Grabbing her luffa she soaps it up then hands it back to him, "Clean up your mess Daddy."
"I can do that." He plucks the luffa from her fingers and soaps up her ass as she pries her cheeks apart. His dick was rising to the occasion just that fast. Cleaning inside she shivered as the luffa sponge rolled over her labia. From there he just washed her back and neckline as well. She stood there lifeless enjoying this simple pleasure.
"Thanks Pop." She turns her back to the shower but with the showerhead up high the water was going over her. Reaching up Zach detached the extension wand and switched the dial to send water into it. Turning her back to him again he rinsed her body. Feeling evil he used it between her legs forcing her to squeal. "Stop that." She giggled.
"Nope." He turns her around and uses the luffa on her front this time. Soaping up her tits and belly, down to her sunflower. Arms lifting for him he gets her pits and ribcage. Once cleaned he drops the luffa. "Oops!"
"You did that on purpose." She looked down at his feet. Growling with a sneer she knelt down in front of him to pick it up. Just before gripping it he used the wand to spray it behind her. "Ohhh! That's how it's going to be?" She laughed as his dick dangled in her face. Her jaw drops at how close it was to her cheek. Thrashing his hip he sent Hardy swinging until it pelted her nose and grazed her upper lip. Flinching, she reacts with her hands, blocking his antagonizing. His dick then slapped her palm. "FUCK!" She laughed. "I hate you Old Man."
"No you don't." Snarling she locates her luffa just as he lowers his bar of soap. "While you're down there." Eyes lifting to his she scowls, and takes his soap to smother in the luffa. She shakes her head at how far she was going, yet washed his dick and scrotum. Trying not to look at it too closely she blindly cleaned him. Short peeks through clenched eyelids were inevitable. "Use your hands."
"Seriously? Not going there Tommy Boy."
Clearing his throat he ignored her and rinsed his chest and armpits. Shaking her head she soaped her palms up. Against her better judgment she gripped his cock and soaped it with both hands. Five good strokes, then lifting it to suds up his balls. "Was that so hard?" He grinned.
"Pretty hard here Tom."
"Rinse it." He passes her the wand and she sprays his genitals down good.
Rising to her feet she cleans her own armpits then rinsed his chest a bit more. "I've never showered with a guy before."
"We should do it more often and save water."
"Maybe. As long as you behave."
He reaches up and clutches her throat tenderly as he takes the shower wand from her. Pressing her back against the shower wall he lowers the wand down to spray her sunflower. The torrent hitting her clit makes her gasp. "FUCK!"
"Feels good doesn't it?"
"Too good. Dammit Tom." He tortures her further as she grabs his arm with a look of yearn. "You're going to make me cum Tom."
"Every time."
Huffing she nibbles her lip and lets him destroy her sensations. "Tooooooooommmmmm! Please...please...don't stop."
"Never intended to. Cum for me Dove."
"I want to." She quakes, her legs shaking so hard her weight fell upon his grip over her throat. Squealing, and moaning softly she bolts her eyes wide and lowers her jaw with an oncoming realization. Short screams make her flail about trying to hold on.
"Best roommate ever?" He asked.
"Yessssss! Fuck Tom. Oh my God! Tommm!" She releases with eyes rolling back into her head. Dropping the wand to their side in a clatter Zach moved closer to her and pinned her against the wall. Hand gripping his cock he rubs it over her clit to intensify her whimpers. She looked up at him with tormented eyes. She wanted it. After a stern gaze he rubs his crown over her labia one last time then shut the water off. His hand moving from her throat palms her face almost lovingly. Trembling she melted in his touch.
"My turn to run late for work." He kissed her forehead then left the shower. She lingered there shaking and trying to calm her nerves. Again they were very close to going all the way. Shyly, Heidi stepped around him and watched him dry himself off. Eyes meeting without words, Zach pulled her into him and dried her off with his towel. "Go to my bedroom and get my checkbook, it's on the dresser. Bring it to me while I brush my teeth."
Prancing away she goes into his bedroom and searches for the checkbook. Finding it she brings it and a pen back with her. As he brushed his teeth he sloppily wrote out the check. Handing it back he mumbles, "Tear it out and take it to Apartment O-19. That's Walter."
"O-19? Ha! Turn the 9 over it's a small letter d. With a lower case L, it's O-Ld."
"This shit just writes itself." He laughs.
As he rinses his mouth he turns and exhales in her face. She winces then squeezes paste on to her own brush as he leaves the bathroom. Brushing her own teeth she pauses to reflect on what just happened. "Grrrrr!" Her swished rinse spat out, she shuts the faucet off and follows him into his bedroom. He had boxers and socks on so far. Stepping around him she tears the check out of his book and sets the book on his dresser. Seeing cologne choices on the dresser she picks one out and sniffs it.
"I think your bosses wife and daughter will like this one."
"Do you?"
"Nope. Stinks." She left him to get dressed. Jeans and plain grey t-shirt covered his body. Spraying on his cologne he marched out of his bedroom and into hers as she was getting dressed. She had on white panties, this time boy shorts style. Holding a pair of white leggings up as he entered he watched her get dressed this time. Noting three bottles of perfume in a box on the floor he chooses one and scents it. Puckering with approval he adds, "I think Walter would like this one."
"Ewwww!" She giggles.
"Gotta go. Have a good day digging nails." He winks, "Stay out of trouble daughter of mine."
"How can I stay out of trouble when you wanna commit incest?" She smirks.
"You loved the shower. Don't tell me you didn't."
"Probably too much."
"Tell Kayla I said hi." He pauses, "Before I forget, what's your cell number? In case we need to get in touch." Sharing numbers swiftly, they part ways. In her leggings and purple plaid button down shirt she joins him in the living room as he puts his boots on. She stares at him for long minutes until he shrugs, "What? Want a kiss goodbye?"
"No. Save those lips for my sister."
"And, Nasty."
"Yeah, her too." She rolls her eyes.
"Stop playing hard to get Dove. You know you want me."
"Whatever."
"I'm cumming over your sunflower tonight."
"Is this going to be an every night thing between us?" Strangely, she showed a hint of expectation.
"Yep. See you later tonight. Wear something...just don't wear anything."
Door opened Zach Pedigo left her in awe. A certain nineteen year old blond moved to lock the door, leaning into it she bumped her forehead against it three times.
"So stupid."
Teleki's Vinyl Siding...thirty minutes later.
"Only late by three minutes." Rocky Teleki lifted his coffee mug toward Zach as he stepped through the door. Seated at Cleo's desk with Angel standing behind him leaning over while hugging her man, it was like a scene right out of the Godfather.
"Sorry."
"Don't be Sugar." Angel stood tall, but kept her hands on Rocky's shoulders. Her red halter top revealed so much cleavage her breasts begged to topple out. Leaning his head backwards Rocky sighed, "Brought my lunch with me."
"Alright! I have a question." Zach posed an index finger. "Are you two Swingers or what?"
"Why? You wanna tap my ole' lady?"
"No. I just get the vibe there's more to your perversions than meets the eye. No disrespect Rock."
"Naaa! Not really swingers. We just have an understanding."
"I told him that yesterday Baby."
"Wanna bend my gal over? Have at it."
"See? I told you Handsome Zach."
"Unreal. Raincheck?" He laughs, "So do I clock in somewhere? Training with somebody? Learning the ropes?"
"Go let him titty fuck his card Angel Soft." Rocky snickers as Angel crushes her tits together into a nice tight slot.
"Nice! Seriously...what's on the agenda Rock?"
"I'll pair you up with Jaime and Storm today. They're going out to a trailer park and siding a manufactured home. Storm damage."
"Storm the employee or Storm the weather?" Zach chuckles.
"If you think Angel here is somethin', you just wait until you meet Stormy. She used to be a female wrestler."
"Great! If I do something wrong I get put in a head lock."
"Scissor lock more like. Stormy likes a fellas face up between her legs."
Outside the shop they hear a car tearing around the frontage road, revving, then braking hard. Kicking up gravel, a Navy blue Porche convertible tears into the lot and halts along an adjoining building.
"Sounds like Stormy now." Angel searches the window by merely standing behind Rocky on her toes.
"You hired a Nascar driver?" Zach winced until he saw the car door open and a short woman hop out, wearing jean shorts with a black tank top. She had brownish blond hair up in a ponytail. Jaw lowered Zach realized something fast. Gritting his teeth he looks over at Rocky, "Midget?"
"I wouldn't call her that. She might bite your balls off."
"Wonderful."
"You got something against little people?"
"Nooo! It just caught me off guard. Tell me Jaime isn't 8 feet tall."
"You're a hoot Pedigo. I ran your references. What's this about punching out your boss?"
Pinching the bridge of his nose Zach sighed, "He deserved it. He...got handsy."
"Defending a girl? Awww!" Angel smiled.
"Not exactly."
"He grab your nads?"
"Hands down grab. Don't make me give you gory details Rock. I'm not...he was."
"I'd have punched his lights out too. Not knocking you Pedigo."
"Thanks. Trust me it's not been easy finding work after he keeps giving me a crappy reference."
"We have your back Baby."
"Thanks Angel. Ummm! Why do I feel early when you say I'm late? Stormy just got here so she's running behind too."
"We don't open until 9:00. Just making sure you're on time."
"I could have eaten breakfast? That's it, I quit." He laughs. Then it dawned on him how tasty Heidi might have been had he pushed it. Maybe tomorrow.
As the front door opened Stormy Blair entered, lifting her sunglasses to compensate the lighting. Once inside the woman eyed Zach from head to toe.
"Finally, someone without a pot belly. Who's the hunk a dunk?"
"Storm? This strapping young fella is Zach." Rocky toasts his coffee mug, before lifting it over his shoulder. Angel dug into her purse and produced a pint bottle of Rum, pouring some into his coffee. "Morning nip." He shows Zach. Behind him Angel winks and reveals her right nipple.
"Don't ya just adore the lovebirds?" Storm grins. Storm was a pretty gal overall, Zach shocked himself at admitting her beauty. Short people were just never considered. In her late 20's Stormy still had it going on, muscles, beauty, and personality.
"Yeah, a regular pair of Cockatease." He chuckles. "Nice to meet you Stormy."
Shaking his hand she feels his grip, "Man that's a good grip. Try it on my hair sometime." Stormy smirked. "Spank my bottom while you're doing it."
"Never know." He lets it percolate without another word. Instead he changes the subject, "No Cleo today?"
"Kid has class this morning." Rocky puckered with pride, "Wants to be Lawyer someday. She's just getting started."
"That's awesome. Nice to see she has a good head on her shoulders."
"Long as it ain't yours Pedigo. My kid is taboo to you."
"I wasn't...damn Rock."
"Just giving you hell. Long as ya don't knock her up."
"Christ! You people all have a one track mind."
"You can leave tracks on me if you want." Stormy pats his upper thigh with her knuckles, "I like fast cars and faster guys."
"Angel?" Zach looks over Rocky.
"Yes Baby?"
"Can I get a swig of that rum? I might need to be drunk to get through this day."
"Pour him a rum brewski with a sprinkle of brown sugar. Nothing better to get the day in perspective." Rocky waves Angel toward the coffee pot. Pouring Zach a cup she adds rum then stirs it with a spoon. Blowing on it she takes out her right tit and carefully dips her pointed nipple directly into the coffee. Zach was blown away. Leaving her tit out she walked it over to deliver it to Zach. Claiming the cup Zach shook his head, just as Angel lifts her tit up and sucks the coffee droplets still clinging from her nipple.
"Damn! Who needs Starbucks." He shook his head grinning.
"Let me know if you need a refill Baby."
A toast to her, Zach takes a drink and winces, "That will wake the dead."
"Welcome to our world Pedigo. Just do your job and enjoy the perks."
"Give it my best shot."
"Shoot me. Shoot me." Stormy laughs.
More cars pulling up relieves the tension. Guessing Jaime by his appearance, Zach awaits his entry. Joining him were two other men. As they enter together yet another introduction was made by Rocky. "Zach? Left to right, Jaime, Gerald, and Anthony. New guy Zach."
"Morning fellas." Zach shakes hands one by one.
Anthony set his lunchbox aside and moved over to Angel and kissed her on the lips. Gerald follows close behind and does the same. He however yanked her close and grabbed her ass. Jaime? He crouched down and tried to lay one on Stormy. She palmed his face pushing him away.
"Everyone done?" Rocky scowled.
"Not yet Baby." Angel flops her breasts out of her halter and lets Gerald and Anthony suck on her nipples. Holding their scalps she winks at Zach. "Mmmm! Daily ritual." As the men bite her nipples she squeals laughing, "That's my Babies. Want some Zach?"
"Maybe later." He chuckles, "Craziest shit I've ever seen."
"We're like family Pedigo. If you can't deal with it there's the door."
"So...if I did this I'd get a raise?" Zach unzips his jeans and whips his next to nine inch dick out.
"Oh, Sugar..." Angel fans herself, "I want a raise too."
"Damn Zach." Stormy chuckles lifting her forearm up as if measuring him, "Your dicks bigger than my arm."
Jaime shakes his head then pats Zach on the arm, "Put it away Amigo."
"Oh, you people can be perverse, but I can't?"
"Jaime's a bong choker." Stormy whispers. "You're turning him on."
"He just kissed you."
"Fun and games." Storm sighed, "Put that away or I'll suck it myself."
"Enough already." Rocky chimed in, "Jaime? You and Stormy take the elephant there with you to Chesney Trailer Park. Get that siding on by the end of the day. Rains supposed to roll in tomorrow so let's get a jump on it. Gerald? Load up the flatbed for the Berringer job tomorrow. Ant? Fuck my ole' lady. When you're done load up the F-150 with foam insulation for that house out in Burgundy Commons."
With their assignments set the group disperses. Walking with Jaime, Zach looks back, "Is Anthony really going to fuck Angel?"
"Si. She is very good in bed. So I hear." He winks.
"Are you really...?"
A wiggle of his brow Jaime puckers his lips and kisses at Zach, "Relax Amigo. I have a man. Just messing with your head. It is a very nice head."
"Uhhh! Thanks, I think. Did Rocky tell you I punched out my last boss for going there?" He laughed then held his breath.
"Golden gloves." Jaime raises his fists, then makes a jerking off motion, "Silky palms."
"This is going to be a long day."
9:30 A.M.
Heidi having done her makeup decides that it was early enough to walk over and pay their landlord Walter his rent. Key in her shirt pocket just to be certain she didn't lock herself out, she shuffled barefoot down a very lengthy hallway. Down one flight of steps she recalled the Apartment number and located it. Knocking on his door she waited patiently until she heard a chain lock on the inside open. Expecting Walter she discovered someone new. Within, a cute young brunette with a dynamite body opened the door wide. She wore a pair of pink scrubs giving Heidi the hint she was probably his caregiver.
"Hi, I'm Heidi. Apartment H15...This is Walter's apartment, right?"
"It is." She grinned sizing Heidi up, "I'm his nursemaid Khloe."
"Kardashian?" Heidi giggles.
"If I was I wouldn't be bathing old..." She whispers but doesn't finish her sentence.
"Gotcha. I didn't realize Walter was in need of any caregiver."
"Probably not as much as he lets on. I think he just wants a pretty young girl around to pinch her ass."
"He does that to you?"
"Calls himself the Handyman." Khloe giggles, "What can I do for you Heidi?"
"Well, my Dad..." Heidi smirks at saying that, "Almost got us evicted. He was out of work and I just recently moved back to Seattle. So, bailing Daddy out." She produces the check with a pinch between two fingers, passing it to her, "Can you give this to Walter?"
Looking at the check Khloe reads the name, "You're...Zach's daughter?"
Eyes flaring slightly Heidi doesn't blink, "Yeeeaah? Do you know my Dad?"
"Not personally. I see him at the fitness center now and then. Don't take this wrong, but..." She fans her face as if overheated, "He's cute. Reminds me of Tom Hardy."
"Everyone tells him that. You should stop by sometime, I'll introduce you."
"Really?" Khloe looked stunned.
"Sure. He likes younger women. Creepy maybe, but more my age."
"I would never have guessed that. Gosh! I'm 22."
"19 here. If you're not doing anything this weekend, get all dressed up and pop over. We can get you two on a first name basis."
"I am actually free Saturday. Wow!"
"He did just start a new job today, I guess I should find out if he works Saturday. If he does, you can always hang out with me. I could use a few new friends. If you want one."
"Always. Thanks Heidi. I better get back to Walter. Left him soaking in the tub, too many wrinkles I won't know top from bottom."
"Ewww!"
"He pays good so I'm not making faces." Khloe laughs.
"Want my number so I can let you know if Z...Daddy will be home?"
"Sure. Good memory so hit me."
Giving her the digits Heidi waves goodbye then heads back to her apartment. While going down the hall she spots Herman, the man from her original target rental step from his apartment. With him was a cute redhead, tall like him but built like a model. Surely, not his girlfriend. Seeing them shake hands convinced her they were not related. As soon as Herman steps back inside the girl walked toward Heidi. Stopping a few feet from his apartment she digs into her purse for a wet wipe and washes her hand. Heidi giggled just loud enough to get the girls attention.
"He sneezed then shook my hand. " She walked closer and offered a grossed out expression.
"Herman has allergies."
"You know Herman?"
"Not technically. I almost answered his roommate wanted ad but I found a better option. Glad I did, this roommate is much better looking." She snickers, "Less allergies too..." She realizes she needed to cover her tracks a bit, "Besides that, he's my Dad."
"Ohhh! I see. Well, against my better judgment I just rented that room. I needed a reasonable place to hole up in until my modelling career gets off the ground. I'm Petra." She extends her freshly washed hand.
"I'm Petrafied. You sure that's clean?" Heidi chuckles, "Sorry. My name's Heidi." She swiftly shakes her hand.
"Hope I didn't give you anything contagious."
"Just a smile. We live here in H15. If Herman gets too much for you stop by and say hi."
"That's nice of you. You know, you should model. You have great cheekbones. Nice body too."
"Hmmm? Considering I do nails for a living that might just be a better alternative."
"I can introduce you to people if you like."
"Can I get back to you Pete?"
"Pete? That's cute. You know where I'll be living. Just, wear a Hazmat suit if you drop by. I'll be moving in this weekend."
"Awesome. I bet I'd rock a Hazmat."
"Agreed. Bye Heidi."
"Seeya Pete." Heidi watches the redhead in her tight white backless jumpsuit walk down the hall. "Yep. No panties. Crazy morning. Two for two." She grins at herself, "Zach is going to go crazy with all these young women around. I love being the evil bitch matchmaker." Zach Pedigo just might someday regret having rented to Heidi Baker. That, or tell her keep them coming.
Entering her apartment Heidi eyed the clock on the wall over the TV. It was 9:50. Still early considering she didn't have to work at Nail's Pace until noon, she plopped down on the sofa and looked at her cell. Opening a text to her sister Kayla she wrote, "Hey Skank, coming over tonight?"
"Torturing Zach some more?" Kayla replied with a laughing emoji.
"You know it. Evil ideas Sissy. Oh, I just met two new friends. I'm going to pull them in to really mess with Zach."
"Why are you trying so hard to get him laid?"
"Gotta keep his paws off of me somehow." Heidi laughed at her text.
"OH COME ON!! You want that dick as bad as I do." Kayla fired back with a rolling eyes emoji.
"Grrr!" Heidi fidgeted, "Not letting you know that. Besides, I want Zach to go insane wanting me. Nope! Not telling her that." Instead Heidi types, "He's cute but if I did that it would put a strain on our roommate status. I don't want a relationship. I like being single." That part was true. Regardless though, sex with Zach would inevitably happen, but she wanted to tease him a good long while before giving in. She needed the girls to keep him busy until she was ready to let Zach take her. Between Kayla and Nasty, now possibly Khloe and Petra he would have more than enough pussy to keep him from desiring her. Not that she wanted to not be desired by him, just not so hot and heavy so fast.
"Bring Nasty again. I have a plan. You two bitches better do it too."
"Do what?"
"Just shower, shave, and scent up Bitch. Wear your contacts this time."
"Nasty and I are going Garage saling. If I find anything cheap I'll get it for you."
"I don't have much room so don't get anything huge."
"K...LA." She added, "LOL!"
"Dork. Be here by 6:00. I'm off at 5:00."
"Layter."
"Piece...I mean peace. LOL!" Heidi ended her text with Kayla. Sighing Heidi got up and took a stroll to the refrigerator. Opening the door she sighed, "I'm hungry. He ate the rest of the Chinese. Hmmm! One last fortune cookie, wrapper's opened. Better than nothing." Snatching it up she shuts the door and cracks it open. Devouring the cookie first she read the fortune. "You should really fuck Zach." Her jaw dropped, she bulged her eyes, "THAT MOTHERFUCKER! That's why the cookie was unwrapped, he replaced the fortune with his own. Slick Tom. Slick." It amused her enough to text him. "Got your message Asshole. Not gonna happen. LOL!"
From the job site Zach Pedigo halted pressing on vinyl siding as instructed by Jaime. He took just long enough to check his cell, laughing over her reply. He quickly texted back, "Listen to the Mystics. LOL!"
"Uh uh! That would be listen to the Mistakes. LOL! How's the new job going?"
"Working with a midget wrestler and a gay golden gloves. You tell me? LOL! They're good people though. So far so good. I gotta stay working Storm's shaking my ladder. Jaime's down below hoping I fall on him. LOL!"
"Funny. See you tonight Roomie."
"No clothes on."
"You're working in the buff? LOL!"
"I meant you Dove."
"Don't count on that every night Codger. Get to work." She left him frowning. Storm really was shaking his ladder. Luckily he didn't fall. At least not for Jaime.
A knock at her door made Heidi jump, she wasn't used to guests, heck, at the moment she felt more like one herself. This new life as a roomie was still fresh on her nerves. Fun thus far even with Zach being so open. Curious she stepped to the door and lifted up on her toes to look out the peep hole. Eyes flaring she grins and quickly opens the door.
"MOMMY!" She jumped up and down as if ten. "Kayla said you were mad at me and didn't want to step foot in my new place." The woman at the door stood slightly taller than Heidi, long blond hair but with mass curls and waves giving her a full look. Like Heidi the woman had a near perfect body save for a bit more in the butt. Certainly not unsightly. In her hands were a bag of groceries.
"I changed my mind. Still a little annoyed you went off and made a decision without my consent." She hands Heidi the grocery bag. "I brought you a weeks worth of goodies. Milk, cereal, juice, eggs, spaghetti, and sauce. I told Kayla if she and Nastiya were going garage saling to find you pots and pans."
"Come on in. I'll put this stuff away. Thanks Mommy." Heidi leaves her for the kitchen ten feet away and puts away the refrigerated items first. Once done she leaves the dry goods on the counter. "Want to see the place?" She moves back to Aniston's side and hugs her arm. A swift peck on the cheek showed her appreciation.
"At least this strange man keeps a tidy apartment. No pictures anywhere." She sizes up the living room.
"No kids. Ex-wife, so I'm pretty sure he doesn't have much to go on the wall. I think there's a picture frame of his parents in his bedroom."
"You've been in his bedroom?" Aniston scowls.
Stop it Mommy. I'm not sleeping with him." It wasn't a lie. She just refrained from giving her the close call tales. Taking her word on it Aniston Baker allowed Heidi to escort her toward her bedroom. Within of course it was still a mess, boxes unpacked, sheets awry, dildo laying out. "Oops! Sorry. The batteries are dead. Forgot I left it laying out." She swiftly darts in and covers it up. "I could use a few more clothes hangers. I'll text Kayla to buy some they're cheap at a yard sale right?"
"She needs money too. My money until she lands a job."
"I know. I'll pay her back. You back, that is."
"So what's this man's name?"
"Tom." She snickers hiding his real name just for laughs.
"What's he like?"
"I am NOT setting you up with him. Just because you and Peck are separated doesn't mean I'm going to help you get laid." Unlike her sister, she also witheld that bit of info.
"I wasn't looking. As a Mother I'm just being protective."
"I'm fine Mom. Tom's been...very respectful of my space." Another lie. They were mounting up. There was zero chances that Heidi would tell her mother that Zach and she had done some pretty nasty things in such a short time. Worse yet, she did not want to incriminate Kayla. Although not Kayla's real mom the two of them were extremely close.
Heidi could tell Aniston was curious. She knew her mom inside out. Like any woman she had a desperate need to be wanted. Loneliness was never a good thing. The problem was, Heidi did not feel Tom was right for her mother. If she did set them up it would get awkward. It would be Heidi's luck they would hit it off and get married. That would be all Heidi needed was for Zach to be her new stepdad. It gave her cold chills thinking about the weirdness.
"Do you work today?" Aniston opted to change the tense conversation.
"Noon. Mrs. Chang's salon. Why are you giving me a ride?"
"I can. Do you want to hang out with me that long?"
"It's only an hour and a half. You know I love spending time with you."
"We don't do much together these days. Are you seeing anyone?"
"More fishing? Definitely, not Tom. There is a boy at the Mall I'm curious about. You might object though. He has a pink Mohawk. Really nice guy though."
"Oh boy! Please use condoms."
"I never said I was going to sleep with him." Heidi sneers, "You must think I have sex with every guy I meet."
"You've had your share Dear." Aniston sneers back, "My Angel is no angel."
"Yeah, but I really don't have sex much. I tease a lot and only do something if I feel it. I can count on one hand how many boys I've been with." Maybe two hands but she wasn't going to fess up.
"Would you like me to help you unpack while we have time to kill?"
"Sure, we can do that. I was going to save it for when Kayla and Nasty drop by tonight, but that would be one less thing we have to do."
Resting her purse on the kitchen counter Aniston notices a thin piece of paper on the Formica. Heidi had left the fortune cookie note out without thinking. Plucking it up Aniston read it. "Who is Zach?"
Thinking fast she frowns at her Mom for snooping, "He's the boy at the Mall." Best lie ever, "He was trying to be cute with a fake fortune cookie. Trust me I told him not so fast Buddy."
"I have no respect for him already. That name Zachary brings back memories. I knew a boy named Zach when I was younger. He was cute. Then your grandparents moved us to the States so I lost touch with him."
"You never talk about your younger days."
"It just struck me, that name Zach. Anyways, lead the way, we have some unpacking to do."
Over the course of the next hour they had found spots for everything in her boxes, and had tore them down. At least her bedroom looked less cluttered. A trip out to the dumpster Heidi discovered something she snatched up for herself, namely a bowling ball. She loved bowling. Lugging it in she merely stashed it in her closet for later. She hadn't even tried the finger holes to see if they were too big.
Near time to head for work she gathered her purse, cell, and apartment key. "Ready Mom?"
"Did you really need a bowling ball?"
"I've never had my own ball."
"Alright, second hand things can be the greatest treasures."
"Right! I think that way too." Off they went to Aniston's Ford Escape. A short ten minute drive to a mini mall Aniston dropped her daughter off and gave her a sideways hug before Heidi hopped out. Driving away Heidi stopped at the front door and looked toward her Mom, she felt badly having lied to her. Lying was something she hated from others. Chocking it up to better off keeping things secret saved everyone involved. Her Mom if learning the truth would lose her mind and demand Heidi move out. Heidi Baker liked her new home. Even if her roommate was a perv. Letting him get away with it said something about herself. It made her smile. A sudden thought she called Kayla real fast and gave her a warning.
"Hey, Mom just came over and helped me unpack and dropped me at work. Do NOT tell Mom Zach is my roommate's name. I told her his name was Tom. She thinks Zach is a boy I talk to at the mall. Just don't okay?"
It took a bit before Kayla replied with, "I have your back Sis." It was like she had to process it first. "I'll tell Nasty to zip it too. We just hit our first garage sale. Got you a clothes basket and a skillet. There's a small dresser but one drawer has a broken slider. It's only $10. Want it?"
"Maybe Zach...Tom can fix it. Sure, I'll pay you back."
"No need, Nasty wants to get it for you anyways. She's got lots of money, her Mom gave her $300."
"Sweet. Tell Nasty to wear something really sexy tonight. You too."
"I don't own anything I'd call sexy, Heidi. That mini skirt I wore last night was it and I don't want to wear it two days in a row."
"It doesn't matter, you won't be wearing anything later anyway."
"WHAT?????"
"We're going to torture that old man hard. Let's see how crazy you and Nasty can make him."
"Us? What about you?"
"Playing hard to get. You know you wanna fuck Tom."
"Yeah, but I'm not sure I'm ready to."
"Fine! Do what you did last night and let Nasty fuck him."
"She would. She's been talking about Zach's big dick all morning."
"Hard to miss isn't it?" Heidi giggles, "I gotta get inside Mrs. Chang is watching me through the window. I'm not late so she can't point freshly painted nails at me. There are a couple people waiting though. See you tonight Kay."
"Bye."
Call severed Heidi made her entrance to warm smiles. Within were two other employees besides Mrs. Chang herself, one her granddaughter Chi Ki, pronounced like Cheeky. At least that was what Heidi called the girl, which was her age of 19 also. Beside her at another table doing nails was a boy named Suk Tu, who Heidi called Suck. He laughed at her every time she referred to him as that. Being gay it made his day. He was talented on doing nails though, without him Heidi would never have perfected her own mastered technique.
"Morning all." Heidi waved in passing and put her purse in the back room. Returning she stepped next to Mrs. Chang and peered over the woman's shoulder as she painted nails with precision. On the woman she was painting were Chinese characters so tiny it was incredible. "You're soooo good Mrs. Chang."
"We have customers. You take seat and get busy."
"Slave driver." Heidi gently gave the woman a peck on the cheek, then went to her table to get prepared before calling up her client. Sitting in wait were three more women, two Asian, one African American. Once her tray of paints and brushes were set out she hopped back up and checks the sign in book for whom was first in line. Eyes bulging at a name that stuck out she looks up.
"Yushea Pedigo?" Swallowing dryly she stared at the beautiful woman rising from her chair. She looked like the actress Gemma Chan. Smiling at being called up Yushea takes her seat at Heidi's table and gets comfy. "How are you today?"
"Trying to cheer myself up after ending a relationship." Yushea pouts.
"I'm sorry to hear that. I hope I can put a smile back on your face." Heidi held her breath, of all people she gets Zach's ex-wife. It had to be her, the name alone gave her away.
"I believe in you."
"Thanks. I'm all ears if you need one."
"Nails." Yushea wiggles hers in front of Heidi. A quick manicure first kept conversation light. Not wanting to be too intrusive Heidi added, "Dating sucks. I've been through heartache too."
Beside them Chi Ki concurred eavesdropping, "We all have. I no man." She shakes her head with a puffed lower lip."
"It's not my first. My ex-husband..." Yushea fidgets, "That one was my fault. My new man Sam cheated on me twice. I guess now I know how it feels."
"Ouch!" Heidi hovered her hand over her nail polish tray, "Preferences?"
"Tall, dark, and handsome." Yushea leans forward smirking. "Sorry, I couldn't resist."
"If it makes you smile go for it Mrs. Pedigo."
"Call me Shea. My ex called me that."
"Alright Shea. What's our color scheme today?"
"I'm blue, so brighten my day. How about white with little sunflowers on them?"
Eyes flaring at her request Heidi thinks of her tiny sunflower tattoo over her pussy. Too close for comfort. "I can do that." She begins basing the white as Shea continued.
"I've been considering a rewind of my life. My ex-Zach didn't deserve how I treated him." That confirmed her identity 100%, "I often wonder if I could fix things between us. Now that Sam and I have ended things I might see if he will at least talk to me."
"No go back. Go forward." Chi Ki chimes in. Heidi nodding her agreement.
"How long has it been since you and your Ex have been together?"
"Three years."
"That's time enough to get over someone. He might not want to rekindle. Do you even know if he's seeing anyone now?"
"Good point. No I don't." Shea frowns, "I feel so strange talking about this. I don't even know you girls."
"That true, but we nosey bitches." Chi Ki snickers.
"Overlook her, she sniffs too much soy sauce." Finishing the white paint over Shea's left hand Heidi moves to the right, "You don't have to confide in us, we understand. Just know we feel for you."
"I don't have any real friends, so I do a lot of soul searching on my own."
"We're all friends here. Get it out of your system." Heidi persuades.
"If I get all emotional just slap my hand. After the nails are dry though." Shea shocks herself with amusement, "I appreciate the shoulder. Sam, the guy I've been with this past year seemed so perfect. I mean Sam and I are still friends, but I just can't forgive him. We were together nearly very waking moment, and he still found time to see other women. The hurt is unbearable. Zach, my ex was always faithful. I never had to worry about him, yet I couldn't resist other men."
"Sex must be bad, this Zach." Chi Ki frowned finishing her own client who luckily was off in her own world listening to music over her cell. Heidi stopped her painting to look at Shea's reaction to Chi Ki's comment.
"Actually, Zach was truly amazing in bed. He had a really big...you know."
"Big sausage?" Chi Ki adds without emotion.
"Very big if you must know the truth. Not only that but he just had so many other talents in bed. His energy sometimes wore me out. That's a lot of what I miss about him. I mean, I do have feelings, but after my deceit I could never expect him to trust me again. I...just don't know if I should bother him."
"Call him." Chi Ki used her free hand to act as if she had a phone to her ear. "You not know his feelings unless you ask."
"Maybe we shouldn't rush her Cheeky." Heidi grew worried, "If anything, she should just somehow say hello without sounding too expectant. Maybe by e-mail or something." She knew he didn't have internet. Her eyes never left her designated job over designing Shea's nails. Centering tiny stencils over each nail assisted her in the basic formation of a sunflower. Once arranged she painted the pistil as her starting point letting each nail dry before delicately removing the stencil. The rest of the flowers petals were hand drawn to perfection.
"What you talk about?" Chi Ki cocks an eye brow, "Love fleeting. Best reach out, grab before gone."
"You're so right." Shea stared at Chi Ki trembling. "Both of you are. I'll try emailing him. I wish I still had his phone number, but he changed it long ago. I really hope he hasn't found anyone new."
"Could you blame him if he did?" Heidi did have a point, just protecting Zach as best she could. She was pleasant about it as she blew on her nail painting to dry it quicker.
"No, not at all. I would be happy as long as he is. I guess I won't know until I ask."
Heidi was really glad Chi Ki had no idea what her new roommate's name was. Knowing her she would have blabbed his identity without even knowing they were talking about the same person. Of course, always calling him Tom would have saved her ass.
"You are so talented. The petals are perfect." She smiled.
"You no get younger." Chi Ki continued as she stands up to accept payment from her client.
"That was part of our relationship issues I think. Zach was older than me. My being young made my idea of relationship too needy. Variety was in the back of my head too much. I...didn't know how to be faithful back then." Shea confessed.
"How much older was he?" Heidi paused.
"He's nine years older than me. He's 35 now. I'm 26."
"Sooo, you were 23 when you divorced."
"Yes. We got together when I was 21. I met him at a hockey game. I hate hockey." She laughed, but my old boyfriend made me go. I'd never have met Zach if I hadn't gone. I owe Nolan that much even though I betrayed him to get Zach. I'm a horrible person." She pouted.
"Hold still." Heidi halted painting as she felt Shea tremble with stirring emotions. It dawned on her that maybe Yushea was being truthful in her feelings. Not on Heidi's watch. After everything this girl had put Zach through, there was no way she was coming back into his life. "Need a Kleenex?" Heidi noted Shea tearing up.
"I'll be fine. I...know I fucked up."
"All you can do is have faith and try to do the right thing. If it doesn't go your way, you're still young and beautiful. There's someone out there waiting for you."
As Shea absorbs Heidi's advice Chi Ki guides over her next client to take her seat. This one was the African American girl who had been waiting.
"What you want today Miss Cleo?"
"Something to attract a man I just met. That and to get my Daddy's blood pressure boiling over it." She laughed. Fanning her nails to show locations she adds, "This hand place a letter I, next finger put a red heart, the rest the letters Z. I. P. Those are his initials. On the other hand write DADDY."
Overhearing Cleo, Shea and Heidi falter in their actions. Heidi just hearing the Z. I. P initials had her wincing. Z for Zach, P for Pedigo. She didn't know his middle name though. Too close for comfort.
"That's...my ex-husband's initials." Shea wept. Heidi swiftly handed her a box of tissue. "His middle name is Ian."
Cleo swallowed at the revelation, "Uhhh! Maybe I'll come back tomorrow." Out of her seat she jumped and bolted out the door. Chi Ki fanning her arms to her side.
"What? No tip?"
"Do you think???" Shea looked behind her at Cleo getting into her car out front.
"What are the odds of that?" Heidi shrugged. She didn't know what to make of Cleo. Did she know Zach? The name did sound familiar. "I'm done Yushea."
"They're beautiful. Thank you so much."
"No problem. Come back and see me anytime." She stands to escort her to the cash register where Mrs. Chang stood with her own client. After paying, Yushea went out of her way to hug Heidi, then moving behind Chi Ki to do the same.
"I will let you both know how things go. Bless you." Out the door Shea went. Confident in her mission.
"Oh boy! Should I warn Zach? Naaaaaa! Let Tom find out on his own. If I tell him Kayla's fun might be in jeopardy. Better just let him find out the hard way." At Mrs. Chang's motioning knuckles, Heidi called out, "Next?"
It was going to be a interesting week. Tonight alone even better.
7:30 P.M.
Zach Pedigo took forever getting home. Having agreed on his first day to stay until the siding job was completed he now found himself dog tired. For a man in such good physical condition he felt like an amateur. Key in the apartment's deadbolt he finds himself aroused before even opening the door. Something smelled entirely too good and strangely, it wasn't his young supermodel of a roommate.
"Something smells awesome." He enters and begins kicking off his work boots. Resting a bag he had brought home next to the door he tugs the boots off, the odor of his sweaty feet did nothing against the scent of spaghetti sauce on the stove. In the kitchen stood Heidi Baker cooking away, stirring her spaghetti to keep it from sticking. Moving behind her to peek over her shoulder he glares down her halter top at extraordinary cleavage, "New perfume?"
"HAHA! My Mom bought me a few groceries. I thought I'd be nice and have dinner ready for you after your first day back to work."
"Nice of you." He nodded, his eyes glued to her chest, "Food does look good. Stormy shared a ham sandwich with me but that's all I've eaten." He licks his lips.
"Don't get any ideas, I'm not being served. Only s'ghetti." She shortens the word.
"No garlic bread?"
"Sorry. Mom didn't spend a lot on me. She barely makes ends meet as it is." She threatens him with a wooden ladle, "Stop looking down my blouse."
"Was I?" He laughs, "Sorry."
"No you're not." She scowls then stirs the sauce.
"So!! You didn't find my stashed fortune cookie cute?"
"I did. My Mommy didn't. She noticed it on the counter. I got careless." She shrugs slightly, "I had to lie to her and refer to you as Tom. Told her Zach was a boy I liked from the mall. There really is a guy I like but his name's certainly not Zach." She chuckles.
"That's cool. I don't own you, date away."
"I plan to. Once he asks me out."
"He will. I'm gonna go shower and change before dinner. Speaking of change...I thought you were gonna be naked."
"That was your fantasy Old Man, not mine. I'm not here to be your personal plaything, even if it's kinda seemed like it."
"Pretty openminded so far Dove." He wiggles his brows at her. "You pay our rent?"
"Yepper! Did you know Walter had a Nurse? Caregiver, whatever."
"Really? For his age he gets around on his own pretty good. That's kind of surprising. Maybe he just hired her for company."
"You should hire her Old Man. She's really hot. Her name is Khloe and she actually knows you from the gym you go to."
"Oh yeah? I don't think I know any Khloe."
"You will. I invited her over Saturday on my day off. I hope you don't have to work."
"Dunno yet. Why are you trying to play matchmaker? First it's your sister, then her friend, now a bodybuilding nurse? Hell, you barely know me."
"Says the man with his dick in his hand every night. I know that much about you." She fidgets a bit thinking of his ex-wife Shea. In her thoughts she says, "Maybe a tad more."
"Fair point. Stop being so fucking sexy then."
"Again, says the man who wanted me naked tonight."
"It's early yet." He laughs. "I know at least one thing about you Dove."
"What's that?"
"I turn you on." He pinches her ass through her legging, making her jump and again threaten him with the ladle.
"How? Because I enjoy masturbating, just like you? I did it in my bedroom in the dark at least."
"Door wide open. You wanted me to hear you."
"Boy you have an inflated ego."
"You let me jerk off over you."
"Technically, I just let you jerk off. You just happened to be standing too close to me."
"Come on Kid...you saw me in the shower, up close, hell you washed my dick by hand."
"I know and that was stupid of me Tom."
"Set me up to jack off in front of Kayla and Nasty. You wanted to see and tease me."
"Wasn't looking Tom."
"Bullshit!" He shook his head and ruffled her hair up to be mean. "Let it rain Dove. Let it rain. On that hint I'm going to shower." He takes his leave as she watches him, turning her burners down on low, knowing she would be leaving her pasta any second. Racing after him she stops him cold in his tracks, her palms on his chest.
"Hold up Codger." She shyly removes her palms, "I'll make you a deal."
"I'm listening."
"Keep your jizz off of me for a week," Not what she truly wanted, "I'll pay to get cable and internet back on."
"Why?"
"Because I like you Tom. Don't read into that. I don't want to be your lover. I mean I'm cool seeing each other naked and goofing off about it, but sex is off the table. I want to stay living here but as good friends, not in any relationship. Can you handle that?"
"Why would you presume I want a relationship with you? After Shea's crap I like my freedom." Again she bites her tongue about meeting her. It was better he didn't know that his ex was considering a reconciliation. Heidi was only protecting his heart. "I thought Kayla and Nasty were coming over." He just realized.
"They left ten minutes before you got here. Nasty's mom made her come home. Kayla's not the bus type so she went home too."
"Ah! I need sleep anyways. Body massage would have been awesome though."
"Not going there Tom. Why? Were you hoping to get lucky with them?"
"Already had some luck. Nasty gives a mean BJ."
"I give better." She sticks her tongue out, "But, you'll never know."
"Kayla was a little skittish last night. I don't think she's ready for sex with me. Besides, her being your sister could create issues between us later if she gets too attached. I like having you here Dove, I don't want us getting off on the wrong foot."
"Too late for that." She chuckles, "As long as you don't go out of your way to upset my sis, I'm good. If she falls and you can't commit that's on her. Any girl for that matter. Right?"
"That include you?" He smirks.
"I won't go there so no worries Gramps."
"I'll show you Gramps." He snatches her into a bare hug swinging her about playfully, her giggling made his night. Sitting her down he nudges her out of the way, "Let me shower dammit."
"You're the one delaying that, not me."
He scowls then heads for his bedroom door intent on tossing his dirty clothes into a laundry hamper in his closet. At the door he turns the knob to no avail, "What the hell? The doors locked."
"Oh shoot! I shut it when my Mommy was here so she didn't go snooping. I might have accidently locked it." She grits her teeth, "Sorry Tom."
"From the inside? How?" He grimaces, "There's a nail in the bottom left kitchen drawer. Just poke the little hole there and it should pop the lock. I'm going to shower, you fix your mistake."
"Gotcha! Bottom left drawer, little hole...I have a couple of those." She razzes him again then spins on the ball of her foot and intentionally wiggles away with a seductive walk. Zach just shook his head and stepped into the bathroom, disrobing with the door open and igniting a hot steamy shower.
Stepping inside he hung his head under the cascade and thought over his first day at work. He had walked right in on an employer with the words We Sexually Harass written right on the door. Not really, but it sure had the atmosphere. Rocky's wife Angel was drop dead gorgeous and willing, her man even allowing it. Zach just knew she would be trouble in the days ahead. Even worse, their daughter Cleo was more his speed, young, superhot, and curious. The day of his interview, if you could call it that he noticed her looking at him with definite interest the entire time. After her parents trying to spook him into staying away from her they turned it around and gave their blessing. While that idea certainly stimulated his cock's imagination, he knew he needed to behave a bit in the first few weeks to be sure the job was going to stick around. Cleopatra Teleki was definitely on his LAYdar.
"There's no nail in that drawer Tom." Heidi stepped into the bathroom admiring his physique behind steamy glass doors. "I'll make you a plate of spaghetti, you can figure out how to unlock your door."
"Pain in my ass." He barked.
"Better yours than mine Tom." She laughs and shuts the light switch off giggling, she swiftly turned it back on.
"If you want darkness light a candle and hop in here with me."
"I'll pass. My luck I'd start a fire."
"Passion?" He laughed.
"Nope. Four alarm Codger. Of course there might be some cute firefighters showing up if I do."
"Get out of here and let me shower in peace."
"On that." One last flicker of the lights she left him alone with his groan. She hid the nail in another drawer to make her game last longer. He would find it before too long. Finishing dinner she plates up his food and sits it inside the microwave, covered by a paper towel. From there she settled back in the living room on the sofa, legs curled up under her. Texting someone she said, "Be patient." A follow up reply said, "Quit hogging him." Heidi merely smiled. From there she thought about her new friend Khloe the nursemaid who had confirmed their numbers earlier. Locating her number she said, "Hello my new Bestie. LOL!" It was just for laughs. Bestie might have been a little much.
Four minutes later Khloe replied with, "Hey there Heidi. How are you tonight?"
"Just made dinner. I mentioned you to Zach, "She quickly erases Zach and retypes Dad, this was going to go so badly utilizing a family lie when they weren't, ",but he can't recall you. Any chance you could send me a pic to show him?"
"Absolutely. Should I have clothes on? LOL!" Khloe sends a laughing emoji, "Just kidding."
"So not offended. LOL! Send whatever you feel comfortable sending. Dad has a very open mind."
"I'll conserve the nudes, but I'll give him a sample." Khloe types back, two minutes pass before Heidi receives two photos of the girl. One was her in a very skimpy pink bikini, holding a daquiri in her hand sucking from a straw with an innocent look. A message added, "This was taken in Aruba last year. Family trip." A second picture was more relaxed, sitting as Heidi was on the sofa, her legs curled up under her ass. She wore a button down white shirt with loads of cleavage, her brown hair pinned up in a ponytail as it was today. Bare legs gave off a bottomless feel until Heidi zeroed in on a piece of red clothe belonging to obvious shorts which were 90% hidden away. Sexy none the less, Khloe had beautifully tanned legs.
"I whistled at those pics myself." Heidi relates, "Maybe we should date." A fast follow up adds, "My turn to say Just Kidding. I'm straight. Tempted, but straight. LOL!"
"Love it." Khloe hits back, "Let me know if Zach has the same reaction as you."
"He's in the shower. I'll show him when he comes out. These should lift his towel up. LOL!"
"Brazen, him being your Dad. LOL!" Khloe returns.
"I exhaled Ewww! After I sent that message. LOL! I still need to let you know about Saturday, he said he's not sure yet. Cross your fingers, just not your legs. LOL!"
"You're funny. Legs are uncrossed. At least let me know what he thinks of my pics tonight."
"Will do Khloey Lou." She adds.
"Oh my Gosh. My Dad calls me that. LOL!"
"Shower just shut off. I'll text back after he eats supper."
"Bye Bestie. LOL!"
"Awww! I'm her bestie too." Heidi blushes, "This is too much fun. Hurry it up Tom."
A few minutes later Zach exits the bathroom wearing only a towel around his waist. His dick was just erect enough to leave a massive impression through the white towel, wagging slightly as he walked toward her. Seeing him Heidi bulges her eyes, "STOP! HOLD THAT POSE." She lifts her cell and takes a picture. Chuckling, Zach went so far as to pose more studly, flexing his muscles with a cheesy grin. Two pictures taken Heidi points at the microwave. "Nuke it two minutes to warm it up."
"Awesome. Why the pics?" He shuffles by going into the kitchen and turning the microwave on. Heidi peels herself up from the sofa and leans over the bar style counter from the other side then extends her cell.
"Here's Khloe, I had her send pics."
Leaning his hand on the other side of the counter he looks over the girls photos. Eyebrows poised Zach puckers, "Mighty fine. I still don't recall her but I'd tap that."
"You'd tap any girl." She scowls, "I'm sending her the pics I just took of you." She backed away giggling.
"Go for it. I can pose for more." He laughs turning as the microwave pings. Collecting his plate he sits it on the counter and searches for a clean fork. Digging in he nearly inhaled the plate in under five minutes. During that time the two of them bantered.
"Pics sent. I told her you still aren't certain if you've seen her, but your towel came alive after seeing her."
"Did you really?" He smirks.
"No lies Tom." She shows him her text.
"Sweet. Compliments to the chef. S'ghetti's darn good Dove."
"Thanks Dad. I told her you were my Dad earlier, so I guess the lying is still active. That was to make certain she didn't tell Walter otherwise."
"All good. We can fix that if she comes around and we get along."
"Right. Oh, she replied back. She said, I'm nothing special. Hundreds of hot girls at the gym. Glad he thought I was cute though."
"Tell her I need more skin."
"Seriously?" She laughs, "I'll type that."
"Worth a shot."
"If she does send a nude you're dropping that towel for a full frontal and an ass shot."
"I'm good for that."
"You're such a perv Dad." She chuckles.
"You know you like it. Takes one to know one."
"Uh huh! I just text what you said about more skin."
"Probably chase her off now." He chuckles.
"I doubt that Codger. She seems really intrigued by you." She rolls her eyes, "Oooo! That was fast. She wrote, Give me a second I'll take a pic right now I'm laying in bed anyway."
"No way." She shares the text for him to read, "Damn!" He then proceeds to rinse his plate and fork off, placing them in the dish rack. His good deed for the night. Minutes pass giving Zach time to find the nail in the counter drawers. "I swear I put this in the bottom drawer. What's it doing with the utensils?" He shows it to her.
"Getting Alzheimer's Old Man."
"Uh huh!"
"Whoa! Khloe's...fast. Holy shit her bodies hot."
"Show me." He wipes his hands on a dish towel.
"Naaaa! Saving this one for myself." Heidi turns away saving her pic to her cell. Zach growled and hurried around the counter and grabbed Heidi by the waist, wrestling and tickling her. Her giggles led to, "Stoooooop! Here drool." She lifts her cell pic up to show him Khloe's pose. The brunette was laying on her back.
"That's a video." He laughs, "You said a pic."
"Watch your porno and hush."
The video speaks to him, "Hi Zach. This is Khloe." The girl giggled. Her tits perfectly poised, nipples hard and gently dark due to her tanned flesh. The video panned over her tight belly and down to reveal a tiny landing field of well trimmed pubes. After a brief shot over her pussy she rolls over and casts her camera angle to show off an incredible heart shaped ass that dipped deep within her butt crack. Finally, the cam angle found her face, Khloe looking sheepish and cozy, chin on her pillow. "Satisfied now?" The video ended with a wink.
"Well I'll be...yup...fucking her."
"Give me my cell and drop that towel." Heidi snatched it away. Standing back she held her cell ready to film. "Taking video so be charming Pop."
"Ready?" He waited for her motion to begin. Standing all stud like he winks back, "Nice to meet you Khloe. Guess I owe you." Untying his towel he tosses it aside and lets his erection pop high. Stroking it a bit he adds, "Looks like he enjoyed your video. So did I. I'm game for Saturday as long as my new job doesn't force me in. I can't tell," He lifts his dick looking down at it, "Is he winking at you too?" Ending the video he adds, "Looking forward to meeting you. Night Khloe."
Heidi shuts the video off and fires it back to Khloe, "Unlock your door while I wait on her reply. Hang this towel up." She uses her toes to pinch it and lift it up for Zach to claim. Taking it he places it in the bathroom on a hook then goes to his bedroom door. Just as he uses the nail to pop the lock Heidi prevents him entering his room. "Hey? What's in the bag by the door?"
"Oh! I bought you a present. Two actually." He steps from the door leaving the nail in the knob, and walks by her. Dick swinging, he goes to the bag as she moves toward it. Face to face she beats him to it, lifting it up to peer inside.
"You bought me batteries for my vibrator. Awww! He wuvs me. NOT!" Digging deeper she finds a small box and pulls it out to look it over, "OH HELL NO. You bought me a Silver Bullet? Ummm? Why?"
Taking the box from her he opens it up and leaves the plastic housing in the bag. Holding up the egg shaped vibrator he tests the remote causing the egg to vibrate. Winking at Heidi he walks her backwards to the couch arm and makes her topple backwards. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" She starts laughing. Reaching over her he runs his fingers under her leggings and peels them off of her, not without a fight, one that she relented to. Off of her toes he casts her leggings aside and glares at her white boy shorts. Instead of removing those he pinched the cloth between her thighs and revealed her nigh perfect pussy. "TOOOM! Stop!"
"Live with it." He chuckles and carefully introduces the egg into her pussy, his fingers finding her extremely wet. Pulling his fingers out he places her boy shorts back over her pussy lips, wiping his fingers on the material over her clit.
"OH MY GOD! I can't believe you just put your fingers up my pussy." She pouted and kicked at his shoulder. Standing up he poised the remote and triggered it. Her reaction was beyond his expectations. "OOOOOOH CRAP TOM!" She yelped lifting her ass off the cushion, using her feet on the sofa's arm to lift her. "Turn it off it's too much."
"Leave it in." He stops the vibrations allowing her to relax. In just time to breath Heidi's cell pinged. "Khloe?"
"Use this bullet on her not me." Heidi tried not to laugh, "You're freaking unbelievable."
"Like I said, leave it in."
"It's my body I'll do what I want. Ass!"
"Good idea! Soon as I get paid I'll buy a matching bullet for your asshole."
"You're my asshole, you wear it." She sneers then reads the text. Her legs remained over the couch arm. "Khloe said, NICE DICK! I wouldn't mind seeing that up close on Saturday. Let me know." Heidi wiggles in her seat at the vibrators mere inhabitation within her, it felt funky. "I'm texting back Dad's being mean to me."
"Go for it. I'm gonna go to bed. Keep that in."
"Why? So you can torture me every hour on the hour?"
"LEAVE IT IN.' He raises his tone pointing at her with a strict glare.
"Fine! Make me hate you Tom."
She sits up watching as his tight ass waddles to his bedroom door. Under her breath she tells herself, "Wait for it." Sure enough her egg went off, "SONUVABITCH." Her body flew back on to the sofa and she clenched her legs together under the intensity of the vibrations over her G-spot. It kept her busy just long enough for Zach to enter his bedroom and turn the light switch on. Shock follows shock.
"FUCK US ZACH."
In his bed totally nude were Kayla and Nasty looking seductive and yearning for him.
"Well now! What do we have here?" He halts the remotes trigger giving Heidi time to get herself together. She jumped from the sofa and darted for Zach's door, only to have him slam it in her face.
"HEY!" She tried to turn the knob but found it locked.
"Busy." He rattled her.
"This was my idea." She pounded on his door.
No words spoken, only a reply of BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
"I FUCKING HATE YOU OLD MAN."
Heidi Baker held a hand over her pussy dancing as if she had to pee.
Long week, longer night.
Maybe she should try out for Dancing With the Stars. Tom Hardy was on the floor.
So was Heidi Baker.
"DAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMM MIIIIIIIITTTTTTT!"
He took the nail inside with him.
"I STILL HATE YOU!!"
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
==========================
Coming soon : Be My Guest 4 : Fool Hardy