It was a typically busy Friday night at Mattia so it took a moment for Seth to notice Hannah angling from the back of the restaurant toward him. She smirked, which normally meant the hostess had a good table for him and was looking for a kickback.
"One person at Table 6 for you," she said.
"You're giving me that look for taking up a table for a single person? He better be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company. He towered over Hannah, even if she was wearing heels. It would impact his tip total for the night. It meant she better have a good reason to do that.
"Shemight be," Hannah said, which caught Seth's attention. "Beautiful, well-dressed, and asked for you specifically. Said you came 'highly recommended.' Something you're not telling the rest of us?"
Seth reached into his pocket, pulled out a 20 and slipped to Hannah, who returned to the hostess station to deal with the rest of the waiting customers. Seth angled towards Table 6, trying to see what the woman looked like before directly approaching.
She was seriously attractive, whoever she was. Seth was excellent at figuring out ages, so his gut said she was probably hovering on one side of 40 or the other, but care, genetics and possibly some work had her looking younger than that. Her hair was a wavy honey blonde and dropped a few inches past her shoulders, and it was clear she spent money on it at a good salon.
She wore a black dress that went up to her neck but was snug on top, emphasizing some nice breasts and curves. It flared out on the bottom, showing off enough leg to indicate they might give the breasts a run for the money. The stockings and heels were just icing on the cake. She wasn't giving off a model vibe, so maybe a businesswoman?
Mattia wasn't a Michelin-starred restaurant, but the owner had ambitions. It was an excellent Italian restaurant, and the atmosphere was discreet. You didn't eat here to get noticed; you ate here for the superb food and some privacy. Couples, businessmen, and some local professional athletes were the standard clientele. Single businessmen happened occasionally. Single women who looked like her were unheard of.
Intrigued, he moved towards the table. She looked up from the menu and smiled as he approached.
"Good evening, ma'am. My name is Seth, and I'll be taking care of you this evening," he said. Seth had variants of that introduction. 'I'll be your waiter this evening' or 'I'll be your server this evening.' He made a choice based on instinct, and with a woman like this, who had asked for him specifically, he bet 'taking care of' would work best.
He was right. She flushed a bit and her smile got bigger.
"Please call me Samantha. I know that's a bit unorthodox, but 'ma'am' makes me feel old age is sweeping down on me," she said. Her make-up was also perfect, accenting her green eyes and a shade of red lipstick that could give you bad thoughts.
"Of course, Samantha," he said, not arguing the point. He didn't subscribe to the ludicrous idea that 'the customer was always right,' but he wouldn't make a fuss about this. "Can I get you anything to drink to start?"
"Perhaps you can bring out a bottle of red wine to start?" she said, tapping one of her manicured nails on a Tua Rita Keir 2019, a $250 bottle listed on the menu.
"Of course," Seth said, hiding his surprise.
"I know I'm taking up a table on one of your busiest nights. One of my girlfriends was supposed to join me but cancelled at the last minute. I guess I could have cancelled, but I've been looking forward to eating here for a while. I promise to make it worth your time," she said, shifting her smile from welcoming to flirty.
"Please don't worry about it. You're a welcome change of pace. I'll be right back," Seth said, heading towards the bar.
Normally he would view one person sitting at a table on their busiest night as a sign he'd displeased the restaurant gods. Now he wondered if he didn't have a very entertaining evening ahead of him. How she smiled at him while taking her wine order meant the game was afoot. It was the same one he played every night...the best method to get the biggest gratuity out of whoever he served. After eight years of being a waiter, and the last three at Mattia, Seth was now very good at this game.
Ashley sidled up to him at the bar as he waited for the bottle of wine. In no particular order, they were: the longest-serving waiters at Mattia, the two best waiters, and the two sexiest ones. She was blonde, with a slim build but with large tits that looked like they might be fake if you didn't know better, which he did. The big blue eyes drew you in. Although she stood five feet tall in stocking feet, she was floating around the restaurant effortlessly in her four-inch heels this evening.
"I was going to offer my condolences on Hannah screwing you with a one-person table, but I just walked past, and god damn," she said after placing her order with the bartender. He gave Seth the bottle of red wine and two glasses a moment later. He put one back on the table and got ready to head back.
"She asked for me, apparently," Seth said.
"Really? Ooooh, how intriguing. Don't forget to pump her for details," she said, grabbing her own drinks.
"Slut," Seth muttered so only Ashley could hear it.
"Takes one to know one," she sang back, giving her standard response.
The waiters at Mattia all had the skills you wanted at a top-tier restaurant. Speed, efficiency, and an almost psychic ability to know what alcohol and food the customer wanted. When to be discreet and when to flirt. Seth and Ashley were just that much better at it than anyone else. It also didn't hurt that Seth was 6'2", slim, and very easy on the eyes. He jogged every morning, which was a necessity when you worked at an Italian restaurant. He had black hair, deep blue eyes and a good smile. He got hit on a lot at work by both men and women. The way he figured it, he could be a smug asshole about it or more modest and self-deprecating.
Modest and self-deprecating got better tips.
As he approached Samantha's table, he noticed she still hadn't tucked her legs back under the table, giving him a view that stretched from the $1,000 pair of black and red Louboutins all the way up to her mid-thigh. He'd wager they were garters or thigh-high stockings. She remained focused on the menu but smiled, knowing he enjoyed the view.
He arrived at the table, uncorked the wine, and poured a small drop into her glass. She tasted it and nodded for him to continue to pour.
"God, there's so much I want here, but a girl has to watch her figure," she said.
"I believe you have some grace to indulge this evening if you wish," he said. Which wasn't bullshit. She could eat the menu and would still have a killer body.
"So what do you recommend I should indulge in?" she asked, sipping her wine and looking at him through her eyelashes.
Seth would have to be careful here. Samantha was captivating, and he still had other tables to take care of. The voice in his head was getting louder about this, and he learned the hard way never to ignore it.
"For you, perhaps some sourdough bread and olive oil, then I'm thinking a grilled rapini salad," he said, then paused. "You're not a seafood person, are you?"
"No, not really," she said, clearly delighted that Seth could figure this out. "How did you know?"
"I'm very good at reading my customer's needs," he said.
"Hmmm, that could get embarrassing," she muttered quietly, but not so quiet that he didn't hear.
"Mmmm, then I think either the agnolotti ai funghi or the signorine for the main. We can talk about the desert later if you're in the mood for something sweet," he said.
"Let's go with the signorine," she said. Seth noted it was the more expensive of the two dishes. She was either trying to flaunt some money or genuinely felt bad about taking up one of his tables and was trying to close some of the gap.
"Excellent. I'll get your bread and be back shortly," he said, walking away. He would bet money that she was giving his ass a loving stare.
That's the way the next two hours went. Samantha never devoured her food, but seemed to appreciate each bite of each course Seth brought to her. He kept checking in to make sure she didn't need anything else or to top up her wine glass. She kept finding ways to extend the conversation an extra minute or so. Seth's other tables were getting good service, but Samantha stole the show this evening.
By the time she reached the dessert, reluctantly picking the formaggi over the tiramisu, things were getting heated between them. Her legs, which never made it under the table once during the evening, now featured one of her shoes dangling off a toe. She made borderline pornographic noises when Seth checked how she was enjoying her dessert. He had to take a moment when he returned to the kitchen to discreetly shift his hard cock.
Eventually, all good things had to come to an end. He brought Samantha the bill and returned for the last time with the credit card machine.
"Can I help you with anything else, Samantha?" Seth said. He had been waiting tables long enough that he could have bet his bank account on her response and the look on her face when she gave it.
A slow smile crept across her face as she dealt with the bill. "Oh, I think that'll do...for now," she said.
His bank account would live another day.
As Samantha worked the machine and it printed out receipts, Seth discreetly looked over at his other tables to see if they needed anything while the customer paid. However, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a pen magically appear from her red clutch as she scrawled out some numbers on his copy of the receipt. He glanced back down, and she smiled as she slid the piece of paper across the table. He reached down to pick it up and wish her a good evening. That's when her hand rested on top of his. It was the first time she had touched him this evening. He looked at her.
"May I ask you a bit of a personal question?" she said, not moving her hand.
"Of course," Seth said, hoping no one saw her touch him like this. It's not that he would get in trouble, but it might cause drama as customers rarely touched the staff. Seth was a flirt, but a very anti-drama flirt these days.
"Some girlfriends of mine were here a couple of weeks ago, and they gushed about the hot waiter who served them. Who was very charming and flirty."
Some colour crept into Seth's cheeks. Of course, he knew he was good-looking, but hearing people say that to him was always weird.
"Ah, that's why you requested me."
"Yes, I did. And the funny thing is, my friends egged on my friend Rachel, who was very smitten with you, to give you her phone number."
Seth was pretty sure he remembered the table and remembered Rachel. Cute, curvy, and probably in her mid-30s. Redhead. Radiated crazy. Seth knew how to read people and had gotten very good at spotting the crazy.
"Getting involved with customers is never a great idea," he said, trying to be polite. "This is a great job. An unhappy customer has consequences."
"Inside and outside the restaurant," she said, still resting her hand on his.
"Exactly."
"Plus, you could tell she's crazy."
Despite himself, Seth laughed. "Yes, there was that as well."
"I'm not crazy," she said, giving him a meaningful look. Seth could also tell she wasn't, although he wasn't sure what she was. "You should reconsider your policy and text me later. I anticipated that I might have too much wine this evening, and I hate Uber, so I got a room nearby. Handsome company is always welcome."
Seth could feel his cock hardening again and his resolve wavering, but then he noticed something about her hand. And the other piece finally fell into place.
"Ah, but you're married," he said, and glanced down at her hand. The white circle around her finger where she'd taken off her wedding ring. It was strange he hadn't noticed earlier, as it was one of the first things he looked for when serving women. "Crazy husbands are bad too."
She lifted her hand from his and he took the piece of paper. Her number was definitely on it. Her look hadn't changed that much. He did not doubt if he texted that number, he'd have an excellent night.
"Separated, actually. He is probably off on one of his business trips with her now. No worries about jealous husbands, I promise," she said. She shifted in her chair to stand and, on reflex, he offered his hand to help her up. Her smile got larger.
"Well, I hope you enjoyed your evening," he said.
"I hope it's not over yet," she said as she walked past, heading towards the coat check. "Thank you for your excellent service."
She then did a slow walk, giving him all the time in the world to enjoy watching her ass sway as the skirt swished back and forth. She didn't have to look back to know he was watching. She gathered her coat and walked out the door.
He was still standing and processing what had just happened when he felt Ashley come up beside him. She took the receipt from his hand and looked at how much she had tipped. She whistled.
"Did you fuck her on the table and I just missed it?" she said. He gave her a dirty look. She shrugged her shoulders.
"Come on, Romeo. You still have other tables to serve," she said, then glanced down at his waist. "Although if you need a few minutes alone in the bathroom, I can cover for you."
****
"Oh fuck yes," Ashley groaned a few hours later as Seth went to work on her.
They were in the small staff lounge with the other three waiters, the bartender, and some kitchen staff. It had enough space for staff lockers and a couple of tables, which was about it. The kickbacks to the kitchen staff, bartender and hostess had already been divided up. The younger staff were getting ready to head out. It was almost midnight on a Friday night, plenty of time for them to take the tip money burning a hole in their pockets and hit the bars.
Seth and Ashley had different routines. They'd learned from experience not to blow their money just because they were flush at the moment. Today's tips were the rent payment at the end of the month. As the two most senior waiters, they always got the best shifts. As the two best waiters, they also managed to bump the pool up for everyone. No one was giving them crap about not going out and partying on a Friday night.
When they started working together at Mattia three years ago, the attraction between Seth and Ashley was instant. They were both good-looking, in their mid-20s, and not seeing anyone. They immediately became fuck buddies. But after a few months, they could see it getting serious. They had been in the restaurant racket long enough to know that getting involved seriously with a co-worker was a bad idea. In a choice between the job and getting laid regularly, they both chose the job. Finding another fuckbuddy was easy for them; finding another restaurant like Mattia was not.
They stuck to it, although there was the occasional slip-up. Eventually, they started dating other people. But about six months ago, things changed. Ashley's lawyer boyfriend proposed. Seth's semi-serious girlfriend just....vanished. She sent a group text saying she was moving to Asia for a university job, but not which country, let alone which university. Seth was more hurt than he let on to most, but Ashley was ready to kill her.
He'd never admit it, but he loved Ashley and her aggressive defence of anyone who messed with him. It's why she could still convince Seth to continue to perform one vital service for her....foot massages.
Waiting tables for over six hours in four-inch heels was an impressive skill set. She got food out quickly, never got an order wrong, flirted effortlessly, and was upbeat and cheerful. The price for that was daggers stabbing her feet at the end of the evening.
"You could teach your fiance how to do this, you know," Seth said. The staff room was crowded and small, but they carved out a corner of it away from the others. He worked on a knot on the arch of her left foot. She grabbed the arms of the chair she was sitting in and made a noise that didn't sound entirely human.
"He's still a work in progress," she said through gritted teeth. "So she gave you a number, I assume?"
"Yes," Seth said. "I'm still behind you for the month, however."
There was a bulletin board on the wall with people's shifts, some notices to staff and a sheet of paper that was the monthly tally of phone numbers slipped to staff. The owners of Mattia made any number of demands on their staff. For legal reasons, the unspoken one was you had to be very good-looking and charming. The waiters kicked into a pool every month to see who got hit on the most. It mainly was the "Let's give Ashley an extra $100 a month" contest since she got hit on the most by a mile. But Seth had won a few times, and now and then, another waiter would get lucky on a few tables and pull a dark horse run.
However, only a few days remained in the month, and Seth still trailed by a half-dozen phone numbers. Unless he had another table of gay men come in, as he did earlier the year, things were looking bleak.
"Have you texted her yet?" she asked.
"Come on, Ashley. You know I don't do that anymore," he said, which was true. He used to when he was young and stupid. The other staff were perplexed by his attitude. They knew why Ashley didn't respond; she had a fiance and it was an insane risk. But with Seth's looks and build, he was passing up easy opportunities with little risk in their view.
From experience, Seth knew how wrong their beliefs were. However, it was much more straightforward; he liked this job. It was the best waiting job he'd ever had. His co-workers were good, the drama was minimal, his bosses were not total assholes, and he pulled in enough money to live comfortably and not have to deal with roommates. For a waiter in Toronto, he was living the dream. Why potentially blow all that up for a one-night fling?
"Yes, but I also know you haven't gotten laid in months," she said, switching things so that her right foot rested on his lap. "And that is a tragic waste."
"Because I'm such a great guy and deserve happiness?"
"Well, I was going to go with you having a beautiful cock, and it would be a shame if it withered away from lack of use. But sure, we'll go with that great guy bullshit you were just saying," she said, shifting her foot on his lap.
Ashley always did struggle with turning down the flirting. Plus, she was a brat and enjoyed a bit of pain. It's part of the reason she wore heels. And really, provoking him like that and putting her foot where she did...she would have been disappointed if he didn't respond. He pushed in hard on her arch, her ass lifted from the chair, and her knuckles turned white as they gripped the armrests. She managed not to scream.
"Jesus, fuck," she managed to gasp afterwards.
"You deserved that," he said. She grinned.
"Text her," Ashely said, not dropping the bone.
"Ashley...."
"Who here thinks Seth should text the hot blonde from Table 6 who was all over him tonight? Hands up, please," she said. There was unanimous consensus from the remaining staff.
"For fuck sake, Michel, you were in the kitchen all night. You didn't even see her," Seth said.
"Ashley is hot. I trust her judgment if she says a woman is hot," he said. Ashley nodded at the wisdom of his remarks.
"Are you my fucking pimp or something?" Seth groused. He stopped massaging her foot and pulled out the number from his pocket. It had been months since he'd had sex. Samantha was hot, and she was not tripping his finely-tuned crazy radar. She could be lying about being separated, but it didn't feel like it.
"Fuck it," he said, reaching for his phone.
"Atta boy," Ashley said, slipping on some flats with a near-orgasmic look on her face.
"Fuck you," Seth said.
"Taken. Besides, you have an eager blonde cougar waiting for you."
But Seth was staring at his phone. It's not that he didn't know how to do this; he was just a little rusty. Finally, his fingers flew across the screen.
"It's Seth. How do you feel about late-night treats?" he wrote. He put down the phone and gave the odds of her responding at 50/50 at best. She was probably all talk. Two minutes later, his phone vibrated.
"I love a good late-night treat. What do you have in mind?" Samantha texted.
Well, shit, he was in it now, he thought. "We have some of that tiramisu you were debating left over. I could drop it by if you still had a craving."
Her response was more immediate this time.
"I do have a craving. You should swing by. You can even bring the tiramisu if you want."
****
Thirty minutes later, Seth was walking down a corridor at the Ritz-Carlton. It's not that he expected to end up a Super 8, but getting a room on the Club Level of one of downtown Toronto's most expensive hotels told him something. You needed money to eat at his restaurant, but now he wondered precisely how much Samantha had.
Not that it mattered. Seth wouldn't be here if he didn't find Samantha attractive and intriguing.
He stood before the door that matched the number she texted him. Seth had one last moment of doubt, then knocked on the door.
"Yes?" came a voice from the other side of the door.
"I'm your UberEats driver bringing you some tiramisu," Seth said.
The door cracked open with the chain in place. He could see Samantha looking out. He couldn't be sure, but she appeared to be smirking.
"You don't look like any UberEats driver I've ever seen," she said.
"Well, I guess you've just had bad luck until now," he replied.
This time she did laugh, closed the door, and unlocked the chain. She left the door ajar. Seth gently pushed it open, walked inside and closed it behind him. Every hotel Seth had been in so far followed the same basic floor plan. You opened the door and there was the bed. This wasn't that kind of hotel room. In front of him were a couple of couches, some chairs, a table, and a desk. The curtains were open, and there was a spectacular night view of the CN Tower and Lake Ontario. He wondered if this hotel room was larger than his loft.
He absorbed all that in two seconds. Then he focused on the room's highlight, standing 10 feet away in an oversized bathrobe. He couldn't help but notice stocking feet poking out of the bottom of the robe.
"Got a fridge for the tiramisu?" he asked, holding a little bag. Samantha shook her head in amusement and waved at him to follow her. She walked past some ludicrous bathroom and into the main bedroom, where a table lamp was on. There was a small fridge and mini-bar, which he opened and placed the dessert in. Then he looked at the rest of the room, which had a massive king-sized bed and another view of the lake. The casual use of money in getting things like this always amazed him.
"I didn't think you were serious about the tiramisu," Samantha said, sitting on a lounger beside the window. She looked like a piece of art, with the city lights illuminating her face. The bathrobe hung loosely on her now, revealing more of her stocking-covered legs. She had washed off her makeup, but it didn't make much difference. If anything, he was more impressed with how good she looked.
"You should always be serious about tiramisu. Instead of flowers or chocolates. I bring excellent Italian deserts," Seth said. He moved to the lounger and she shifted her legs, allowing him to sit down. She then put them back on his lap. He took a moment to run his hands along the stockings. Unsurprisingly, they did not feel like something she grabbed at Wal-Mart earlier today.
Samantha bit her lip. "I was hoping you'd text, but I wasn't sure you would."
"I normally wouldn't. But there was a unanimous vote by staff that I would be a huge idiot if I didn't text the hot blonde from Table 6," he said. Samantha smiled.
"Unanimous consent that I'm hot? That's good for the ego," she said, the smile getting bigger. Then she got a curious look. "You normally don't text women who leave their phone numbers? I figure you must get a few."
"I do, but it's rarely worth the risk."
"But I was worth the risk?"
Seth slid his hand further up her legs, parting the bathrobe further as it moved past her knees.
"Yes."
Samantha flushed and took a quick little breath. She slid forward towards Seth, got on his lap, and put her hands on his black dress shirt, running them slowly across the material.
"That's an excellent answer," she said, tilting her head for a kiss. Seth leaned down and met her lips, which were warm and pushed pleasantly on his. The kiss started tentatively as they worked out what they liked. But then Samantha threw herself into the kiss, and Seth realized he might be dealing with a lot of repressed urges. He reached down and grabbed the bathrobe to open it when Samantha pulled back and gasped for breath.
"Jesus," she said, her face flushed. She reached up and placed a hand on her chest.
"Are you ok? Am I pushing too hard? If you need a moment, I can grab a shower or something. I probably need one after work."
"God, no. You smell amazing, like Italian spices, some kind of citrus scent and just....man. Jesus, I sound like an idiot," Samantha said, suddenly looking vulnerable.
Seth took her hand, kissed her wrist, causing her to gasp. He then placed it on the buttons of the top of his shirt. Tentatively she began to unbutton them.
"You don't sound like an idiot. We both need this," he said.
"Both?" she said, staring at his chest as more buttons opened.
"My girlfriend let me six months ago. I haven't been with anyone since. I'm guessing you haven't been with anyone since you left your husband."
"No," she said. "And I was barely with him years before that." Samantha began to run her perfect nails along his chest and stomach muscles. She seemed almost hypnotized by them. He took one of his hands and ran it along her cheek. When his thumb neared her mouth, she sucked in it almost on instinct.
"Then it's ok. We need this. We need to cut loose," he said.
She stood up and, with a quick motion, shrugged off the bathrobe. As he suspected, Samantha was naked, except for a pair of thigh-high stockings.
"Fuck, you are gorgeous," he said, following her and tossing his shirt on the floor.
"I noticed you kept looking at my legs at supper. I thought you might like it if I left the stockings on," she said, backing towards the bed. Whatever initial jitters she had over the fact that, yes, the waiter she flirted with was here and wanted to fuck her seemed to have ebbed.
"And your spectacular ass as you were leaving," he said. Samantha grinned and turned towards the bed, giving him a clearer view of her ass. After reaching the bed, she looked back at him and gave her ass a light slap.
"You're an ass man, I take it?" she said.
"You'll just have to find out," he said, coming up behind her and kissing her neck as he reached around and cupped her breasts, gently tweaking her nipples. As he suspected, she'd had some work done, but he did not care at all.
She groaned as he ran his hands over her tits and stomach. He deliberately avoided her pussy, wanting to build up the anticipation. He began kissing his way down her back and could feel her breathing faster as he got closer to her hips. She leaned forward, pushing her breasts into the mattress and her ass up in the air.
It really was a fantastic ass. It was large but toned. Seth spent a moment marvelling over it.
"Go ahead, you know you want to," Samantha said, waggling her ass.
Slapping someone's ass you've just started fucking is a delicate process. Not so gentle that they can't feel it, not so hard that you cause concern that you're an abusive asshole. Seth guessed she'd let him know if it was too much. He didn't wind up and slap her ass as hard as he could, but his hand made a satisfying cracking sound when it hit her right ass cheek. She hissed, but didn't scamper away.
"More," she said. "Again."
"Samantha," he started before she looked over her shoulder at him.
"I've been in a fucking sexual desert for years. I have you right here, right now and I need to feel everything. I wanteverything. I'll let you know if it's too much. Again," she pleaded.
Seth stood behind her, looking at her ass turn red from being slapped moments ago. Given his size, he was always surprised by how many women wanted him to be rough with them. But his initial nerves over coming here were easing now. He understood what Samantha needed now. She wanted intensity. She wanted someone who struggled to control themselves around her.
He shifted position and hit her left ass cheek, this time a little harder. She whimpered and squirmed, but didn't try and crawl away. He slapped each cheek four more times, hard, but never in the same spot twice, until her ass was glowing red.
"Oh god," she moaned after the last one and did try to move away slightly. Seth took the hint. Instead of slapping her again, he knelt and kissed her ass cheeks, trying to soothe the pain. He rubbed his face against it, the stubble from where he hadn't shaved in almost a day running rough against her skin. He parted her cheeks and blew lightly on her rosebud.
"Jesus, Jesus," she moaned, and he could see her clutching the sheets, overwhelmed by the sensation. Finally, he stood up, hooked a hand under her hips and flipped her over. She groaned at the pain in her ass as it hit the bed, sliding off and landing on her knees in front of him.
He towered over her. She noticed he was still wearing his pants, so she quickly undid his belt, then yanked down his pants and underwear. His hard cock finally appeared.
"Oh god, it's beautiful," she said, gently touching it as if she feared it might disappear.
He never knew what to make of cock sizes. It's not like Seth ever took out a ruler and measured. He wasn't porn star big; he knew that much. But he wasn't undersized, either.
"You're proportional to the rest of you," his last ex, Kaylee, once said as she bounced on him. "Thank fuck, because if you were bigger, I'd have a problem."
"It'll do?" he asked, returning to the moment.
"I have fantasized about this cock and what it might be like since I made that reservation. I honestly thought it would just be fantasy. But here it is and it's perfect. Thank God," she said and then ran her tongue from his balls all the way to the crown. When she reached the tip, she gave it a gentle kiss.
She did that for a few minutes, reassuring herself that his cock was real. She rubbed her face against it and purred. She would kiss and lick it, flicking her tongue on the crown. Finally, she pursed her lips at the tip of his cock, and prepared to swallow him. He thought she looked nervous.
"It's ok, if it's too much for you," he said and grinned to let her know he was teasing.
"Oh really?" she said, promptly taking almost all his cock into her mouth and throat before popping back off it and looking up at his startled reaction. "Any more questions?"
"Yes, why are you still talking?"
She grinned and took his cock back into her mouth.
Seth watched as she went to work. It wasn't just that it felt amazing having her suck his cock. It had been months, and a blow job was always a good thing. But watching her move her mouth up and down, the way she cupped and stroked his balls, he could tell she was enjoying herself a lot.
He reached down and ran his fingers through her hair. He resisted the temptation to grab her head and force things, but she was doing just fine on her own. He didn't want to disrupt things.
"You are a very good cocksucker," he said. Maybe too good if she kept up what she was doing for another few minutes.
Her head popped off his cock and she grinned again. "I am, in fact, an excellent cocksucker. I haven't had a good cock to practice on in a long time. I want to play with this cock for a very long time.
"But I also want to play with these abs," she said, moving up for his cock and kissing his stomach and rubbing her face against them. "And then there's your chest. Oh God, I just want all of you. There's so much I want."
After kissing his chest, she leaned up and kissed him again. She was, if anything, more hungry than before she started sucking his cock. Seth had planned to throw her on the bed and begin to work on her. But he knew she needed more first. He gently broke off the kiss. She stood in front of him, naked except for her stockings. Both the wine and her horniness left her flushed.
"Wait a second," he said.
She looked like she wanted to protest but didn't. Seth climbed onto the bed, propped up some pillows and lay down. He propped his back against the headboard and looked down the length of the bed at her.
"Come and get me," he said.
Samantha jumped on the bed without having to be asked twice. She skipped his feet, which was probably a good idea after being on them all day. But she started at his shins and began kissing her way upwards. Ske skipped his groin, fascinated by the muscles and chest, kissing and licking them. She rubbed her face against his chest, and he swore she purred. She kissed and nibbled on his neck before returning to his cock and balls again. She licked, kissed, and sucked on them, but with not the franticness she had earlier.
"I've missed this so much. I want to suck you off. I'll get you hard again and you'll last longer when you fuck me. Please, Seth?" she said, taking her mouth off his cock.
"Mmmm, I don't know..." he teased.
Her voice dropped low with a growl. "Please. Can I suck your cock and make you cum? You can cum on my face, in my mouth, on my tits. Anywhere you want. But I want to taste your cum. Please?"
He nodded his head, and Samantha dove back onto his cock. He expected her to do some frantic power-sucking thing, but instead, she started with a slow and steady rhythm. She looked up at him and gauged his reactions. She eased off slightly whenever it looked like he was getting ready to break. When he calmed down, she sped back up.
It was delicious torture, but there were limits. He finally made a noise that got her attention. She finally popped her mouth off his cock and asked a simple question.
"Where?"
"Swallow."
If that was something she didn't do, she didn't say. Instead, she resumed her pace, working her mouth and tongue across his cock, her fingers dancing across his balls. When he began to groan and lift his hips, she didn't back off the pace this time. She kept going until he finally couldn't take anymore.
"Fuck!" he cried out, arching his hips off the bed as he came. He was dimly aware that her lips were no longer around his cock and he was shooting his cum on her face as well. She looked ecstatic. After Seth caught his breath, Samantha carefully licked his cock clean and slowly moved up his body until she flopped on his chest, resting her head on his shoulder.
"You could have told me you didn't like to swallow," he said.
"I love swallowing, but you have a bit of built-up pressure there. Rather than choke on it, I improvised," she said, running her fingers on some of the cum still on her face, scooping it up and putting it in her mouth, just to emphasize the point.
Seth laughed. "Fair enough."
He had to admit, it felt nice having her curled up like this against him. And it had been a busy shift. If he wasn't careful, he would do the cliche thing and pass out after cumming.
It must have been obvious that he was exhausted because Samantha offered him an out.
"It's ok if you want to sleep. I know it's been a long day for you, and then a crazy woman lured you here. I'm genuinely really happy right now," she said.
"I thought you said you weren't crazy?" he joked.
"I just seduced my waiter. I think a little crazy might be in play here."
"I'll be ok. I just need a minute. I can't have you reporting back to your girlfriends that you seduced the hot waiter, blew him, and then he fell asleep," Seth said, trying to inject some levity into his voice to let her know she was joking.
"God, I haven't thought about what I'd say. What should I say?" Samatha didn't look up at him, content to have her head resting on his chest while her nails danced across his torso. They were slowly moving lower, so he doubted the sincerity of her offer for him to pass out, not that he would take it anyway, no matter how tired he was.
"That's up to you. Are they likely to come to the restaurant and demand similar service," Seth asked, running his fingers down her spine, making her shiver.
"No," she said, but in a weird voice. He waited for her to elaborate, but she didn't. When she did speak, it was to return the question.
"What about you? My girlfriends don't know I went to the restaurant. I could tell them I cancelled. Your staff voted for you to come here and fuck me." And now her nails had reached his cock again, gently running up and down. Seth knew getting hard again wouldn't be a problem, and Samantha was making sure.
"I can tell them it's none of their business. I can tell them I changed my mind. I can tell them you changed your mind. I can tell them I came over here and we fucked until dawn. And with that, he felt her shiver, which likely had nothing to do with his fingers on her spine. "Good waiters are discrete by nature. I do not need to brag, although Ashley will pester me unrelentingly for details. I'll be getting texts from her at 6 am, wanting to know how it went."
"You're serious? If I ask you not to say anything, you wouldn't?"
He then rolled Samantha onto her back. He stared at her and could see she was starting to breathe heavily again.
"I'm happy to serve you any way you'd like," Seth said, leaning down and kissing her neck. Her nails quickly ran up his back and ran through his short hair.
"Oh God, I want to lock you away and keep you a secret," she groaned.
"As long as the tips are good," he said, working his way down to her tits.
"Oh, I think you would like the compensa.....oh god!" she cried out as he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. He'd let Samantha play, now he wanted to do some exploring of his own.
Samantha squirmed underneath him as he went to work on her breasts. She cared for herself, which Seth appreciated -- tanned and toned, he watched her muscles twitch as he continued licking, sucking, and nibbling on her beautiful tits.
"Oh God, Seth, please," she moaned after a few minutes.
"What do you need?"
"You said anything?"
"Yes," he said, moving down from her tits, suspecting he knew what she wanted.
"Eat me, please. God, it's been so long."
Seth hadn't said anything about her soon-to-be ex because what was the point? Having a conversation about it while fucking her was idiotic, and she was clearly in no mood to talk about it other than to let him know he didn't have to worry. But as he worked his way down her magnificent body and looked at her pussy, he had the brief thought that clearly the man was an idiot.
She'd shaved, so there was just a landing strip above her pussy. Her hips were moving as if trying to entice him to hurry up and do something. Part of him wanted to make her beg a little more because she appeared to like a dominant lover. But then, he thought, the poor woman had waited long enough.
He moved between her legs, lifting them and placing them on his shoulder. He then went to work, licking and kissing her lips, occasionally blowing air on her clit. She was soaking wet, and when he placed a finger at the entrance to her pussy, the tip slid in easily.
"Please, please, god, please..." she babbled.
That's probably enough teasing, Seth thought. He pushed a finger inside her and ran his tongue along her clit.
"Oh God!" she cried out and shuddered for a moment. After she caught her breath, she moaned, "Christ, one lick of my clit and one finger inside me and I cum. I'm so fucking easy."
"No, just neglected. Let me make up for lost time," he said.
He had no idea how long he was between Samantha's legs. He just focussed on licking her pussy and sliding first one, then two fingers inside her. He knew for sure she came at least three more times before she finally pushed on his head to get him to back away from her pussy.
"I am never telling anyone you can do that," she gasped. "They'll fucking kidnap you."
"It'll be our little secret," he said.
Samantha flicked some of her sweat-soaked hair from her face. Then she noticed Seth was fully recovered. His cock was hard and hanging down as he knelt on the bed. "You ready for more?"
"Give me a second," he said, getting off the bed, finding his pants and fishing a condom out of his pockets. He efficiently tore open the package and unrolled the condom over his cock.
"Tragic, but practical," she said as he climbed back onto the bed. Her legs remained invitingly open.
"I'll just have to find a way to distract you," Seth said, positioning himself between her legs and adjusting his cock. Samantha put her hand on his chest as he was getting ready to slide in.
"Slow to start, ok? It's been....a while since anything was in there. And my ex wasn't as big as you are," she said.
Seth smiled and leaned up to kiss her. His face was covered with her cum, but she still had some of his on her face.
"It hasn't grown over, has it?" he teased.
She punched his shoulder. "Fuck you. You just had two fingers so far in me I could taste themmmmm," she said, as he slowly pushed his cock inside her. "Oh God...."
His cock slid into Samantha and even with the condom on it felt amazing. Yes, her pussy felt great, but she was beautiful. Even with cum on her, her perfect hair now messed up, and her skin flushed and sweating, she looked more beautiful. She was as sexy as any woman he'd ever been with.
"God, you're stunning," he said, beginning to slowly fuck her.
Samantha wrapped her stocking-clad legs around his hips and put her hands on his shoulders. She laughed.
"I'm a fucking mess. You've made me a mess and I fucking love it," she said. She moved her hips up to meet his thrusts with more urgency.
"Harder?" Seth asked.
"God, yes," she moaned. "Fuck me harder. Make me feel it, baby."
He grabbed Samantha's ankles and placed them on his shoulders. She gasped as he slid into her deeper. The condom and cumming earlier meant he was at no risk of breaking any time soon. So he gave Samantha exactly what she wanted - a good pounding.
"Oh, Jesus! Fuck, yes. Yes. Yes!" she screamed as Seth pounded his cock into her, triggering another orgasm.
After another few minutes of fucking, Samantha tapped on his shoulder and gave him a glazed stare.
"Too much?" he asked.
"No, I want to ride you. I want to make you feel good," she said.
"I'm feeling just fine," he said, pulsing the muscles in his cock. She groaned.
"Please, baby."
Seth grabbed her hips and carefully rolled over, ensuring he stayed inside her. Her eyes fluttered a second as he shifted in a way that hit a sensitive spot inside her. Then she shifted her legs, placed her hands on his chest and slowly began moving up and down his cock.
It felt spectacular. Seth leaned up to take one of her nipples into his mouth, but she gently pushed his head back down on the bed.
"Nope. No distractions. This is for you," she said. "Ok, and maybe a bit for me too."
It's not just that Samantha was using her legs to bounce on Seth's cock. She was also doing something with the muscles in her pussy, making them pulse around his cock. In some ways, it was similar to her blowjob; not franticly trying to get him off, but methodically wearing down his resistance.
Her sweat dripped on his chest and he could see the muscles in her legs starting to tremble. But then again, Seth's hips began moving up to meet her. To his surprise, he could feel his orgasm building. The shock must have registered on his face because Samantha started to move on his cock a little faster.
"Come on, baby. I know you're getting close. I'm almost there. Don't hold back. You've been so good to me this evening; just let go. Let go and cum in me," she said.
Finally, it was too much for him. He grabbed her hips and began fucking her. She laughed, then began chanting, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, oh god, Fuck Meeeee!" and slammed her hips down on him and came.
Her pussy spasming around him set him off, filling the condom. Not that he was paying much attention as his eyes were closed and he was enjoying his second mind-blowing orgasm of the night. He only opened them when a body collapsed on his chest, panting heavily. Neither said anything for the next few minutes as they tried to catch their breath.
Eventually, Samantha leveraged herself up and looked down at Seth. She still looked dazed but then smiled.
"Christ, I could really go for some tiramisu right now," she said.
"How fortunate for you that I brought some."
"I know," she said, sliding off his cock with a groan of disappointment. She then flopped onto her side and began edging to the side of the bed.
"I can get that," he said, waiter instincts kicking in, but she waved him away.
"You've been on your feet all day serving people. Let me serve you for a change," she said, letting her legs slide off the bed.
"Yes, but I don't think that's a good...." he started to say, before she tried to stand up and promptly fell on the floor. He moved quickly across the bed as he heard an "oomph" noise, followed by a giggle. When he looked over the edge of the bed, he saw Samantha sitting on her ass, her legs splayed out in front of her.
"Are you ok?"
"My legs don't seem to work," she said. "It's also possible I've been fucked stupid."
"Would you like some help getting back on the bed and I can get the tiramisu for you?"
Samantha considered the suggestion and then concluded, "Yes. I think that would be swell."
Laughing, Seth got off the bed, although his legs were a little more unsteady than normal and helped her back onto the bed. Samantha flopped there, but with a pleased smile on her face. Seth quickly disposed of the condom and washed his hands. Then he went to the fridge and retrieved one of the two plastic takeout containers holding tiramisu. He took one of the plastic forks and headed back to the bed.
Samantha eventually crawled up to the top of the bed where he was lying. He handed her the container and the fork. She placed it on his chest, popped the top off, and took a chunk of the tiramisu and popped it in her mouth.
"Oh god, this is so much better than having a cigarette after sex," she said, savouring the taste. "You don't want any?"
"I get plenty at work. Enjoy it."
It might be weird, but it was nice to watch her eat and then get a blissful smile. At one point, she misjudged where her mouth was, and the piece of desert landed on his chest.
"Oh crap," she pouted, then went down and licked the desert off his chest, causing him to shiver.
"Oh my god, it's even better when I eat it off you. It's like there's an extra flavour to it or something," she said. Then she gave him a questioning look. Seth quickly discovered that he was finding it hard to say no to Samantha.
"Go ahead, but you're going to have to join me in the shower and get me clean later," he said.
"Oh, like that's a hardship," she said, carefully taking the remaining tiramisu and placing it on Seth's chest. He had to admit, this was a first for him. But Samantha's laughter as she licked his chest clean began to stir something in him, and it had nothing to do with his cock.
After she finished licking him clean, she snuggled back into his chest. He wrapped his arm around her and shifted, trying to maximize how much of her was touching him.
"I've had a great meal, got a little tipsy, seduced a man, cum my brains, and ate tiramisu off his chest. This has been a Top 10 day in my life," she said.
"Wow," he said, and it was sincere.
For a moment, there was silence in the room, and Seth wondered if she wasn't just going to pass out. He could feel the exhaustion starting to bite in hard from around the edges. He began shifting to get out of bed to get dressed and head home.
"Can you stay? Please?"
"Are you sure?"
Her head nodded against his chest. "I promise a thorough cleaning in the shower in the morning, room service breakfast, and I'll drop you off where ever you want. It's just....it's been a while since I fell asleep cuddled into someone. I miss it."
"Ok," he said. Seth really didn't want to be heading home this late on a Friday night in Toronto anyway. He shifted in the bed to turn off the lights and then resettled so she could burrow into him more. Already her breath was deepening. He thought all the sugar in the dessert would boost her, but apparently there are limits to what sugar can do.
"Thank you, Seth. G'night," she slurred.
"G'night, Samantha," he said and then, on a whim, kissed the top of her head. He felt her make a little noise of contentment and then was lightly snoring. Seth joined her moments later.
****
The next morning came strangely to Seth. He usually woke up at 6 am sharp, the alarm from his phone jolting him into consciousness. After that, he began his usual morning routine. This time, he came awake gradually, with bits and fragments of consciousness - flirting, blonde, tiramisu, fucking - before he snapped awake and realized he wasn't in his apartment, but in an expensive hotel room.
He was also alone.
It was still dark in the room, but the sunlight was cutting in around the edges of the curtains. Seth looked around on the floor until he located his pants and pulled out the phone - 8:36 am. Seth tried to figure out the last time he had slept in so late. Even when things blew up with Kaylee and he was depressed, he stuck to his routine. It felt important not to spiral and let things slide. It was probably years.
The time wasn't the only thing he noticed. His phone was at 6% charge, but fortunately Samantha left her charger by the bedside table. He plugged in and saw the next issue; he had over a dozen texts. Some were from co-workers hoping for details. They were easily ignored.
However, Ashley's half-dozen or so increasingly frantic texts required more immediate attention.
6:01 am: "So?"
6:05 am: "OMG, did you?"
6:15 am: "You did fuck her! It's the only way you're not responding. Fucking details, dude!"
6:55 am: "Are you still fucking her? Talk to me!"
7:33 am: "Ok, starting to get worried. Text me, damn it!"
8:04 am: "If I don't hear from you soon, I'm going to assume she's a lunatic Karen, and has you tied up in a basement somewhere. Fucking text me!"
Shaking his head at Ashley's dramatics, he tapped out a quick response.
"I'm alive and fine. Slept in. Will text later."
Immediately, Ashley responded.
"Asshole. I expect details for all the stress you put me through."
Not much needed to be said to that. Seth looked at his discarded work clothing and had no urge to put them on until necessary. But he also didn't want to walk around naked. A quick look in the closet found another bathrobe. It wasn't a great fit, but it would do. He left the bedroom only for a blast of light from the living room to hit him in the face. The curtains were open and once his eyes adjusted, he could see the sun was well above the horizon and Lake Ontario in the distance. Samantha was also there, wrapped in her bathrobe but missing her stockings. She was frantically working her phone with a serious look on her face. When he entered the living room, she tapped something quickly and placed it on the table.
"Hi! Sleep good?" she asked, approaching him and looking slightly nervous. To ease her worries, Seth smiled, pulled her in for a hug, and gave her a quick kiss, mindful that his breath was probably unpleasant.
"I can't remember the last time I slept this late. However, I seem to have scared Ashley. She believed you abducted me and I was in a basement in Scarborough somewhere," he said.
Samantha walked back to the couch by her phone and flopped down. Seth picked a chair across from her. He didn't want distance; he just liked looking at her.
"Yeah, I guess keeping it a secret is out the window. The wine and horniness must have made me forgetful; I had spin class at 8 am with some of my girlfriends. When I didn't show up, my phone blew up. When I assured them I was fine, they then asked why I wasn't at class," she said.
"And they wore you down?"
"Well, sleep deprivation, a mild hangover, and possibly missing a bunch of brain cells from the pounding I took last night meant I broke pretty easily," she said, looking worried. "Sorry. Are you mad? I promise they won't start going to your restaurant and looking for the same treatment."
It honestly hadn't occurred to Seth that was a serious possibility. His ego wasn't large enough to assume that swarms of women would show up expecting to get laid by him.
"It's fine. Don't worry about it," he said, taking her hand as reassurance.
"Seriously? You're not weirded out?"
"Well, I haven't gone for my run or had coffee yet, so I'm not processing at 100%, but no. Don't worry about it," he said.
"I was just waiting for you to get up and order breakfast. What do you want?" she asked.
"You don't have to..." he started, but she waved him off.
"Come on; you've got to be hungry. Let a girl buy you some breakfast," she said. Seth could see from the look on her face that forcing the issue and turning her down would make things worse, even if he suspected a breakfast at this hotel cost a fortune.
"Do they have omelettes? I could use some protein right now," he said.
"I just bet," she said, grinning. Seth laughed. Samantha called in the order for two omelettes and added some fruit, orange juice and coffee.
"Do I have time to get a quick shower? I'm afraid I don't smell as enticing as I did when I got here last night," he said, standing up.
"They said it should take about 20 minutes or so."
"Plenty of time," he said, heading towards the bathroom.
"Want company?" she asked. There was a hint of nervousness. It had been a while since Seth had a one-night stand, and he guessed it had been much longer for Samantha. It was always challenging knowing how to behave the morning after.
"I do have some hard-to-reach spots that I could use a hand with," he said, dropping his robe as he walked towards the bathroom. He heard laughter behind him and was sure he heard her bathrobe hit the floor as well.
The hotel room, well, the suite, had to be ludicrously expensive, but there was no doubting the amenities. There was the amazing view of Lake Ontario. The bed was huge and so comfortable that he slept in. And he had no doubt the omelette would be amazing. But his favourite thing, aside from the woman dedicatedly scrubbing his back, was the bathroom.
It was huge, with expensive marble. He had a choice between a bathtub or a huge shower. The shower itself was something from his dreams. Seth allowed himself a few vices, but a good shower was something he appreciated. This one was tall enough that he didn't have to worry about hitting his head, big enough that two people could comfortably move around, the water was hot, and the pressure was high.
He would have no problem spending the next hour in the shower, especially with his current company.
Samantha remained as eager as she was last night. There was no embarrassment about waking up in bed next to a waiter. If anything, she seemed happier. There was no night after awkwardness as Seth still lusted after her. So she gleefully soaped up a cloth and used it to wash his back, shoulders, and ass. She then spun him around and spent plenty of time making sure his chest, abs, and cock were clean.
"I think my cock is good," he said after several minutes..
"Well, good hygiene is important," she responded, rinsing the soap off his body and then kneeling to begin sucking his cock.
A hot shower and a blowjob. Seth's Saturday was off to a pretty great start. He was enjoying himself, but after a few minutes he gently pushed her off his cock.
"Noooo, more," she moaned.
"We need to get you clean too," he said and took the soapy cloth and began giving her the same meticulous treatment, carefully washing her back and ass, before turning her around and thoroughly cleaning her breasts and pussy. Samantha turned bright red, which was only partly due to the hot water.
"You have to fuck me, please," she moaned, moving towards a ledge along the shower wall.
"No condom," Seth said, with a surprising amount of restraint, given that all he wanted to do was bury himself inside her again.
"Until last night, I haven't had sex in nine months. I'm clean and tested. Just pull out before you cum," she said, resting her ass on the ledge and spreading her legs. Seth's resolve thoroughly cracked, and he was about to start fucking her when a buzzer went off in the suite.
It each took them a moment until Samantha went, "Fuck! Room service!" She got out of the shower soaking wet, ran into the living room, and threw on her robe. Seth spent a moment in the shower with an achingly hard cock and couldn't help but laugh. Maybe it was just as well. Fucking Samantha without protection would have been an unusually rash move for him. But she was damn hard to resist.
He did one final quick rinse and stepped out of the shower with a towel wrapped around him. The waiter was just getting ready to leave when he got to the living room. Samantha blushed when she saw him. The waiter discreetly smiled and left the room.
"Oh, God! I'm behaving like a dumbass horny 18-year-old," she said, flopping on the couch and putting her head in her hands.
Seth knelt before her, gently took her hands, and pulled them down from her face. She wasn't crying but embarrassed and a little freaked out.
"Hey, I was just about to fuck you without a condom which is something I never do. It's been a while for both of us, and we seem to have ridiculous chemistry. Don't beat yourself up over this. And I'm pretty sure that guy has seen more outrageous things than the two of us," he said.
She laughed. "Ok, yeah."
"Come on, I'm starved, and there's a perfectly nice view going to waste," he said, helping her stand up. The food was set up on a little table by the window. Seth took a moment to change from towel to bathrobe. He also tapped his pocket to ensure the condom he grabbed earlier while in the bedroom was still there, just in case. If things started up again he doubted he had the will power to run back to the bedroom and get one.
Both of them settled down with their food, and just ate and stared out the window for the first few minutes. Toronto wasn't to everyone's liking. Seth knew that, and sometimes it wasn't to his either. But looking out at the lake on a beautiful, sunny Saturday morning, well, the City had its charms.
The sound of Samantha's phone pinging broke the silence. She ignored it.
"It's ok if you need to check that," he said. She shook her head.
"They're just looking for gossip. My circle of friends are all women from their mid-30s to mid-40s. They live for this kind of thing. I've been just as bad when something like this has happened to them. This is just my time in hell. Rachel is pissed that I 'landed' you and she didn't. It's just drama," she said. "You seriously never call up women who leave their phone numbers? I mean, it must happen."
"Oh sure. You probably noticed the staff at the restaurant are good, but we also have another quality."
"You're all fucking hot."
"Yes," he said before taking another bite of omelette. For a hotel omelette, it really wasn't bad. "We all get numbers, but Ashley gets the most by far."
"Ashley? Blonde, big tits, glides around on insane heels like they are roller skates?"
"That's her. It's a rare shift when she doesn't get a phone number slid to her. Some are quite insistent. I get my fair share, but I haven't responded to one in six years."
She looked over at him. "Clearly, there's a story there."
"There is. This girl was....what were you like when you were 21?
Samantha laughed. "Oh, I was a bitch on wheels. I like to party and drive guys nuts. It was not one of my better phases."
"Ok, she was something like you, but not as hot."
"Such a bullshit flatterer, but go on."
Seth took a breath. He'd told this story often over the years, and it always got a laugh. He could laugh now, but at the time, it was a tense situation that could have gone bad very easily.
"I'm working at one of these generic sports pubs. It's ok, but I work mostly families and girls nights out. When the lads are together they want one of the waitresses with big tits. So this one is with about a half dozen of her girlfriends, and they are high maintenance all night long. Lots of drinks, very loud. And she is flirting hard with me all night. And I play it up because I want a good tip for all the work I'm putting in."
"Did you get one?" Samantha asked.
"No."
"What the fuck?"
"As they're getting ready to leave, she comes up, shoves her hand into my pants pocket, gropes my cock, and whispers in my ear, 'call that number if you want your tip,' and she slurs tip because she's had a few, 'taken care of tonight.' Then she staggers off -- no money left on the table except to cover the bill.
"A couple of the waitresses see what's happened. They're ready to get medieval on them because I've stepped in when guys have harassed them before and they know I can't do anything. But the girls giggle their way out the door before anything escalates. So now I'm pissed because I've been stiffed, in more ways than one. The staff are all very much, do not text her, she is crazy trouble," he said.
"But you text her."
"I do. I know the girl's trouble, but I'm 23 and not thinking with the right head, if you know what I mean."
Samantha laughs.
"So I go to her res room, and she's waiting in panties and a crop top. I'm probably there for less than 10 minutes, long enough for my pants to be around my ankles and her mouth around my cock when the door bursts open and in comes the boyfriend."
"Oh fuck," Samantha says, putting her hands over her mouth.
"Because, of course, her friends sent texts and photos of her flirting with me. So now there's yelling, she's a whore, he's an asshole for fucking some other girl. I am very much trying to get out of there when she decides to grab my cock and yell 'at least I'm finally getting a decent-sized cock for the first time in months.'"
Samantha looks horrified, but is also fighting back laughter.
"Oh God, what did you do?"
"While they were yelling, I managed to step out of my pants. I figured I wasn't going to get time to haul them up. And honestly, I've got nothing to be embarrassed about down there."
"You really don't," she said, taking an unsubtle look at his groin. His cock had not deflated much since the shower, so he was sure there was a noticeable tent in the bathrobe.
"I didn't want to trip over my pants or get blindsided while pulling them up. So the girl's said the magic words and he comes for me. He's athletic, but fortunately, he's drunk and doesn't know how to fight," he said.
"And you do?"
"I was a bouncer for a few years. I know how to stop fights. Very quickly, he's on the floor, face down, with his left arm twisted behind his back and my knee on his spine. I calmly told him I would stand up, collect my things and leave. If he took another swing at me, his university athletic career would be coming to an end.
"By now, there's an audience outside the door. A girl thoughtfully handed me my pants, which I put on, and I quickly backed out of the room. As I went down the corridor, I could hear the yelling start again, but that wasn't my problem then."
"How come you didn't punch him? He deserved it," she asked.
"Well, she probably deserved it more, but that's another thing. Look, I've punched people before. It hurts. I land the punch wrong and break my hand; well, now I can't work, and the restaurants I worked with back then had no problem dumping your ass if you can't make your shift. You're easily replaceable. Now how do I make rent or eat? I punch him, then security bursts in, and I'm arrested and charged with assault. Maybe these two lovebirds will change their story. I was assaulting her when he rushed in to save her. Now I have a sexual assault charge to deal with. Maybe I get convicted, which means I fail criminal records checks and can't get a job. Then I'm off to the races."
"Wow. You thought of all that at that moment?"
"I'm not that smart. But one of the first things they taught me as a bouncer is never to punch someone unless it's an absolute last resort. De-escalate. Have back-up. Immobilize. Everything but throw a punch. So it was muscle memory kicking in. But I was lucky. That could have gone much, much worse," Seth said.
"And that's why you don't call phone numbers when they're slipped to you."
"Exactly."
"Except for me."
Seth laughed. "Except for you. My six-year streak up in smoke."
"I'm not complaining, but I don't understand why. I know I'm attractive, but you must have attractive women..."
"And men."
Samantha gave a scandalized laugh. "Of course, and men, hitting on you and giving you their number. What makes me so special?"
Seth paused for a moment. It was the question. No matter how much he joked about it, this was utterly unlike him. He struggled to find the right words.
"I've always been good at reading people. That's not a new skill set. It's a survival skill I've had since I was a kid. I just got better over the years listening to the voice in my head. You get customers that don't view me, Ashley or any of the waiters as...human. We're servants. A game. Something to have fun with or tease and then move on. A piece of meat. I don't complain because I now have ways of dealing with that attitude. And honestly, the women on staff have it much, much worse than I do.
"So yeah, you were flirting heavily with me, but it was playful, not creepy. Because the voice was saying you weren't crazy. There was something in your eyes that I liked when I looked at you. It was saying it was safe to take a chance with you. However, the concealer you put on your ring finger gave me pause. But I trust that voice in my head and took a chance."
She dipped her head. "Busted. Sorry about that."
"Well, I'm here, aren't I?"
Samantha looked out the window, not at Seth, trying to process the conversation. When he got home, Seth would be doing much the same thing. He never talked this much, especially to people he had just met.
"I suppose you'll want to get home," she said. Seth nodded and made to stand up. "I mean, I still had one final fantasy and it's a shame to send you home with your cock so hard, but well...."
"And what's that? I'm not sure I need another shower now," he said, settling back into the chair.
"No, not that. I was going to ask last night, but I got kinda...distracted. I've fantasized about being fucked against a window at a hotel. I could look out over the city and imagine people are watching me get fucked," she said. "But, oh well...."
Seth started undoing his robe.
"What time is checkout?" he asked.
"Noon," she said, fidgeting with her robe. Seth guessed it wasn't quite ten yet.
"Plenty of time to help you with your fantasy," he said, dropping his robe. He walked toward Samantha, and she reached and touched his already hard cock.
"I see this, and I swear I get wet instantly."
"Funny, I see you, and I get hard instantly."
Samantha kissed the tip of his cock, which then turned to the head of his cock vanishing into her mouth, followed by most of his cock. She bobbed up and down on it for a few minutes while he ran his fingers through her hair.
"I'm guessing anyone looking could see the hot blonde sucking a guy's cock in a hotel room right now," he said.
She groaned and moved faster on his cock. Seth enjoyed it a lot, but he had a fantasy to fulfill.
"And how are you fucked against the window? Back on the window while I fuck you? You bent over while I fuck you from behind?"
Her mouth popped off his cock, and she took a moment to process what he said. Then she stood up and walked over to the entrance to the room. Samantha wasn't short, but Seth still had eight or nine inches on her. She must have realized the height difference would be a problem, so she put on the Louboutins from last night, which gave her an extra four or five inches. Then she dropped the robe and walked up to him, giving his cock a meaningful stroke with her hand as she leaned up and kissed him. After a moment, she broke off the kiss and placed her hands on the window, moving her hips back towards him.
"Fuck me, baby. Show Toronto what kind of slut I am."
Seth didn't need to be told twice. He slipped on the condom and moved behind her. Then he placed the tip of his cock at the entrance of her pussy and his hands on her hips.
"Ready?"
"Oh God, just fuck me already."
In one motion, Seth buried his cock into her pussy, angling so that she came up on her toes momentarily.
"Oh Fuck!" she cried out.
He wanted to start slapping Samantha's ass as he did the night before, but Seth quickly figured out that putting his hands on her tits to give her more support was the better option. Besides, he reasoned, he hadn't spent nearly enough time on them.
There was no holding back on this one. Samantha wanted to be fucked, and Seth was happy to oblige. But he noticed in her reflection in the window that her eyes were closed. He tweaked her nipples, making her eyes open as she gasped.
"Look out the window," he ordered.
"Oh god, oh god, oh god."
"Can you see people down there, walking along the street?"
"Y-yes."
"Just imagine if they looked up right now. They'd see some sweaty big-titted blonde slut being fucked, wouldn't they?"
"Fuck!" she screamed, and he could feel her pussy clamp onto him as she came. She would have collapsed onto the floor, except he kept her upright. She was in a daze. Seth was the opposite. He was now hyper-focused on getting to cum again.
He pulled out to weak protests, then spun her around. He lifted Samantha and pinned her against the window. Some dim part of him knew this was probably dumb, but the windows could withstand more force than his fucking could bring. Then that thought disappeared as he slid his cock back into her.
"Oh God, you're going to kill me," she moaned, wrapping her legs around his hips.
"Do you want me to stop?"
"Stop and I'll kill you. Fuck me and cum, baby."
Samantha clung to him for dear life as he fucked her. He briefly cursed the goddamn condom, but then, finally, he could feel his orgasm coming on.
"Close," he gasped.
"Do it, baby. Let it go," she gasped in his ear. Finally, with a groan, he came.
Then his legs gave out, and they collapsed into a pile on the floor, gasping for breath and laughing simultaneously.
"I haven't cum three times in that short a time since I discovered internet porn," he said.
She laughed softly. "I'm flattered. I don't think I've ever been fucked that much, that hard in my life. Christ, I'm going to be sore later."
"I'm...sorry?"
"God, no. Totally worth it."
After a few more minutes, and they had both caught their breath, Seth stated the obvious.
"You know we're going to both need to shower again."
"Fuck," said Samantha, using one of the chairs to leverage herself weakly to her feet. "Fine, but we have separate ones. I don't know if I can survive another round with your cock."
***
Two minutes before noon, Samantha checked out of the hotel room, and both did the wait of shame for the valet to bring her car. He was wearing his waiter clothes from last night; she was still wearing her black cocktail dress. And no amount of showering or cleaning up could disguise the fact that they had been having a lot of sex. Seth was half surprised there wasn't a noise complaint waiting for them at the front desk.
Soon enough, she drove him home in a bright red electric car. It suited her perfectly.
They were chatting and laughing about nothing much as she drove him to his apartment in High Park. Just bitching about Toronto and the state of the place. And Seth discovered that it was a new and pleasant sensation for him. Relaxed conversation with a beautiful woman. He wasn't trying to hustle her for a good tip. He wasn't in a bar hitting on a woman who might have been drunk and viewing him as a piece of meat to get off on. Just....talking.
It was nice. Samantha was nice. And then he realized he felt happy for the first time in a very long time.
Fuck it, he thought. The last stupid thing he did worked out well. Time to see if his streak could continue.
"Did you like the tiramisu last night?"
She glanced over at him, a confused look on her face on where he was going with this.
"I think the fact I was licking it off your chest at two in the morning was a pretty good indication of how I felt about it. Why?"
"If you had a craving for more... tiramisu, I think that could be arranged."
The car lurched slightly as he guessed Samantha had accidentally hit the brakes.
"Are you serious?"
"I understand that you're going through a lot right now, and if this is one more thing you don't want to deal with, this is fine. I completely understand."
"Tiramisu can be complicated," she said, drumming her fingers on the steering wheel and processing his offer. Seth found he could breathe a bit more normal now. "But, delivery might be complicated. Sorry if that's weird for you."
"Not at all. Pick-up is easily arranged."
"At the restaurant?"
"Well, there's a pick-up location up ahead. Three streets down, on your right. The green house on the left. You can swing by there, and I'll be waiting. I work Tuesday to Sunday, always in the evenings."
Samantha was nodding her head now to a beat only she could hear. He could tell she was processing things, and the urge to keep talking and rambling away was almost overwhelming to fill the dead space. But instead, he kept quiet and let her focus. A few minutes later, she pulled up in front of his house. They both sat in the car for a moment, not saying anything. Finally, Seth couldn't handle it.
"You don't have to let me know now. I just sprung that on you. Text me if you're interested," he said, reaching for the door handle.
"Monday night," she said suddenly. "Is Monday night ok? I have some meetings in the day, and I have to meet my lawyer about some things. But I could probably really use something sweet Monday evening. Is that ok?"
He leaned over and gently kissed her lips.
"Text me when you're heading over," he said, exiting the car. She did a little wave, and then the car shot down the street as if Samantha might have misjudged how much pressure was needed to get it going again.
He stood on the sidewalk for a moment before heading into his apartment. Seth was almost certain he had done the right thing and not made a horrible mistake. He listened to the voice in his head. It was quiet. He took that as a good sign; it was usually only talkative when he was stupid or about to do something stupid. And if he had let Samantha drive away, he believed his voice would be chatting up a storm right now.
Then his phone buzzed. He grabbed it too quickly, worried that Samantha might have changed her mind. Instead, it was a text from Ashley.
"I will hang you from your balls in the kitchen tonight if you don't *fucking call me* and tell me what happened."
Shaking his head, he hit Ashley's number and went inside.