Tonight was the night. Hal had heard about this place, it was a common spot where lonely guys went to get their needs satisfied, or at least that was the rumor. He was looking forward to checking out this spot, he even made a point to abstain from cumming for the week. His balls were full, he thought, and he was hoping to find a like-minded deviant to help drain them tonight. He just had some things he needed to take care of beforehand. The time on Hal's phone read 7:38 PM, there were some friends he had planned to hang out with, just a regular get-together, nothing special. He'd go make an appearance, have a beer to calm his nerves, and leave. "Oh, I have some classes I need to study for" he could say, which was not entirely untrue. Hal was just starting university and it was the perfect cover to leave parties early since he was, in actuality, starting to take his studies more seriously these days.
Then he decided that he would take off and go for a cruise. This was not the first time Hal was going to have a gay encounter in a car. He had done it once before, years back when he was still in high school. Hal thought of that night in the back of Mike's car, the memory still as vivid as the day it happened.
***
Hal stood at the corner outside his school waiting for the city bus. He noticed that the one he had planned to take must have driven off while he was still smoking a joint with some stoner buddies. Hal was having issues with his education. He was 18 years old and was going to age out of the program after this year. It was a nice night, heading closely to early summer. Not too hot during the day, and the night time maintained some of that warmth. A cool breeze could roll up and cause a shiver on the back of the neck if you weren't wearing a jacket. Hal kept his hands in the pockets of his olive drab jacket. A car rolled up ahead of him. In the driver's seat was Mike.
Mike was the same age as Hal, and had the same scholarly difficulties as him. They were told time and time again that students like them, they just get distracted easily. Mike was a cute young man with a flowing swoop in his dirty blonde hair and bright, blue eyes. Mike's face was strikingly feminine, with no hint of facial hair, and was free of any blemishes of any kind. He had a good build as well. You would not call him skinny but had a bit of muscle under a slight layer of baby fat. Mike had a sturdy look about him, Hal thought. Mike was an acquaintance from the theatre club. Mike landed a leading role in the play while Hal worked on set construction and lighting.
"You want a lift, Hal?" Mike, in his car, asked from the road. "We're in the same neighbourhood anyway!"
"Sure bro, it beats waiting for the bus," Hal said. The bus would have taken another thirty minutes to arrive, and even then, it was known to take the 'milk run'. It would go through the entire city, then finally wind up on the far side of town, where he needed to go.
The car ride through town was mostly uneventful. The radio was playing some pop music Hal didn't really know. He was still on his metal and classic rock kick. They talked about what they would be doing after graduation. Mike was going to college to study theatre. Hal had no fucking idea what was in store for the next few months. He thought he would just take the summer off, work part-time at his job pumping gas and enjoy life for a bit. The car slowed down once Mike spotted a wooded parking lot next to the start of a hiking trail in the forest.
"You know Hal, I was thinking we could hang out here where it's quiet and do something fun," Mike said.
"What'd you have in mind?" Hal responded.
Mike smiled, his eyes went wide "I'd like to fuck around with you," he said. "I always thought you were cool, and I think you're pretty hot".
Mike's advance had flattered Hal, and then something awakened inside of him that night in the wooded parking lot. He thought he would like to see where this went. "Alright, let's move to the back", Hal said. Mike agreed.
They got out of the car; it was dark all around them. The spring air had an especially chilling feeling to it at that moment. Hal could not stop himself from shivering. It was uncontrollable at that point; his teeth were chattering. The feeling was not because the wind was cold, it was the excitement. The anticipation of where this was going to go. Mike pulled up the driver's seat with the lever underneath, then went around and pulled up the passenger's seat. They got in the back of Mike's car, and they started to make out. Mike's face was smooth like a girl, and he smelled good, like he was only a few hours fresh out of the shower. Hal was still a bit stoned from the joint he shared 30 minutes prior. His buzz enhanced the electric feeling he received from this session.
A make-out session wasn't something new to Hal, but Mike was ravenous. They both were. The two of them were exploring each other's bodies, Mike's family owned a stable of horses and he was known to go riding. His skin was soft, but there was strength there that couldn't be ignored. Hal was heavier, and began lifting weights in gym class a year prior. Hal had the body of an off-season weightlifter. He could look very toned if he would just indulge less in food. Hal was hairy all over and had dark stubble that he would forget to shave regularly.
Hal undid Mike's pants and revealed his member. It was curved, as they were sitting it was turned up to Mike's face. Mike pulled his shirt up, exposing his smooth belly. It was the first time Hal had ever felt another guy's cock. It was warm, and he was sensitive to the fact that he could feel subtle throbbing. He thought his own must do that too, but he never noticed since maybe it was the same body, same circulatory system, that connected Hal's hand to his own meat.
Hal started to stroke it, feeling the differences in Mike's penis compared to his own. As Hal's hand moved up and down, he felt the wetness of Mike's precum coat his palm. He moved a bit higher, and delicately squeezed Mike's glans with each stroke. Mike started twitching, his legs were tensing up. Mike was throbbing even more. "It's gonna come out" Mike gasped. Hal kept the rhythm going. His cock twitched in Hal's hand uncontrollably, and then it shot out. A rope of Mike's goo blasted up nearly two feet into the air, arced then splattered onto Mike's cheek. A second rope emerged with another squeeze on Mike's helmet, and hit Mike in the belly button. The cum was hot on Hal's hand at first, then quickly cooled. Hal slowed his tempo. Mike sat back, breathing slowed down, with every deep breath Hal noticed the rise and fall of his partner's cumslick stomach. They sat there for a second. Then Hal wiped his partner's cum off with some napkins. Mike was ready for round two.
He unbuckled Hal's belt, unzipped his pants, and pulled them down to his knees. Mike started pumping his hand up and down on Hal's dick. Hal's penis was not curved like Mike's, it pointed straight up and was thicker than his. Mike stroked up past Hal's helmet with one hand and used his other hand to apply pressure at the base of Hal's dick. Hal became hard as diamonds; each motion sent electricity all over his body.
"Please Hal, take off your pants, I want to suck your cock" Mike said hurriedly, wide-eyed, he was begging for Hal's offering. His cheeks were red in an intense blush with a look of subservience but with a command in the voice.
Hal was compelled to obey; he fully pulled his pants off and tossed them to the side. Mike hopped from the seat onto the floor of the car. He was just small enough to fit between the front and back seats. Mike took Hal's manhood into his mouth, and left it in there, unmoving. It was warm being inside his mouth, it was relaxing. Mike started to glide his tongue and moan without moving his head. Hal felt shocks and vibrations all the way down to his taint. Then Mike began to bob up and down, Hal was staring down, hypnotized, moaning in ecstacy.
"Oh my god, that feels so fucking good bro", Hal felt Mike's tongue swirling on his head. Hal kept his hands behind his back while Mike excitedly serviced his meat. He loved the idea that he was giving full control to Mike, to give him the opportunity to finish him off. Hal's head was spinning. He had had sex before, but it was awkward. Hal was not used to being on top of another person, pumping his hips, hands free. This was guy on guy, much more attuned to the sensations. 'We're guys, of course we should know what makes us feel good," Hal was thinking. And boy, at that moment, he was right.
The feeling washed up on Hal suddenly. He was going to blow his load. "I'm gonna cum soon dude" Hal said.
Mike pulled Hal's dick out for a moment, tightly stroking up and down with his thumb and forefinger in an 'OK' sign, "do it in my mouth," he breathed. His breath was cold on Hal's slobbery cock, and then back in it went, down Mike's moist cavernous mouth. Hal shifted his hips forward, Mike still bobbing his head, his 'OK' sign moved up and down quicker, tighter. Hal's cock felt like a wet balloon. There was so much pressure building up so quickly. His heart was racing, his breath was getting shallow.
Suddenly, that feeling washed over Hal's entire body. A slow growl emerged from Hal's vocal chords as he released his seed in this submissive twink's mouth. His load pumped out into Mike's accepting mouth, some seed leaked through the imperfect seal created by his lips. He kept moving his hand up and down, the friction of this frothed the sopping mixture. He then went slower now. The OK sign was still squeezing up and down Hal's relaxing member. Slower still, until Mike was satisfied that Hal gave him every drop. Mike's mouth opened and let go of Hal's cock, cum rolled off Mike's tongue and dribbled down onto Hal's root, then spilled between his leg and scrotum. Mike had a wry smile on his face. Hal was amused by Mike's playful finisher. 'He didn't even try to swallow it, the bastard', Hal chuckled to himself. The two young men sat quietly in the backseat of the car, catching their breath. Hal was still feeling the effects of the weed, or was it from the pleasure he just experienced? They cleaned themselves up and got ready to leave.
Mike and Hal adjusted the seats and pulled out of the parking lot. The rest of the drive was uneventful. Just two acquaintances talking about the roles in the high school play and talking about their classmates. Mike dropped off Hal at his parents' house. They said their goodbyes, and Mike drove off. He turned the corner and just like that, was out of Hal's sight. Hal made it to his room and lay down in his bed. He reached his hand down under his boxers and smelled the mixture of saliva and sperm that still coated his privates.
***
That event hung over Hal's mind. He needed to experience that feeling again; no strings attached, just pleasure, and cumming. Finding the spot to go would be easy, Hal thought. He had heard of this park that, in the dark, it becomes a haven for perverts. Hal just had no idea how to attract a willing jerk-buddy, he would have to figure out how to spot and convince a like-minded deviant. He never realized how easy it was.