Barely legal age I entered the adult store, The clerk checking my ID leered at me, asking if I wanted to buy tokens to go into the peeps at the back. Too nervous to say yes or no I blushed, pocketed my ID and walked over to the magazine rack. Sidling along the magazine section I was slowly zeroing in on the CD / TV / SHEMALE ones; hoping no one was watching me. I glanced at the covers and selected one to check out, turning so no one could see what I was looking at.
Captivated and enthralled by the pictures of all the lovely and very sexy young gurls wearing very feminine, fantastically frilly, lacy lingerie while looking so delighted to be showing their feminised bodies so explicitly I never noticed the middle aged man moving closer to me. Not till he whispered in my ear that he loved looking at the type of magazines I seemed to enjoy as well. I blushed and turned to rush out but he was blocking my way.
"Calm down, there's nothing to be embarrassed about! I told you I like to look at those magazines too. What I'd like even more is to see someone like that in person. Do you know anyone who likes to wear lingerie? My wife has drawers full of it and I have the house to myself all weekend. They could enjoy wearing it and I could enjoy seeing them wear it in perfect safety. I'm not looking for a hooker or an escort. I don't want to touch them, I just want to see them all dressed up and looking sexy!"
I blushed deeply and turned away trying to hide my reaction. I'd never thought of doing anything like what he was saying. Sure I liked to dress up when alone at home, and since I'd gotten my own apartment that had become every night. I'd never dared to venture out often. Too scary! I'd thought about it a lot lately, but I wasn't sure how I'd react if anyone actually saw me. If my reaction the few times I'd nearly been caught before were any indication I'd run and hide while praying they hadn't seen me dressed like a girl with my hair, nails and face done. If they had no one had ever mentioned it. He placed his hand on my trembling shoulder.
"There's nothing to be scared or ashamed of if you like to wear lingerie, son. Some people like to wear women's things to feel pretty and feminine! Some, like me, enjoy seeing those that do. Do you like wearing frilly, lacy, sexy lingerie?" I have no idea what possessed me but I found myself nodding and whispering back that I did. He smiled at me.
"I thought that might be the case. Would you like to come over to my house and model some of it for me? My wife never wears any of it anymore and I hate the thought of it going to waste the way it is now. We'd be all alone, everyone else is out at the lake. I won't touch you or expect you to do anything but model a few things for me, promise."
I nodded again and looked around the store to see if anyone was watching us. No one seemed to be. He set his magazine down and took mine from my hand. Placing it back he turned and walked out of the store with me following behind. I was wondering about my sanity as we rode in silence to his house. Every time he looked my way I blushed and squirmed. What was I doing? He pulled into his garage, closed the door and got out. I followed him inside and he led me to his wife's room.
"Here you are. Use whatever you want." He pulled open drawer after drawer of lacy lingerie then opened her closet to show me skirts and dresses galore. Pointing to a dressing table covered with make-up and perfume bottles he told me I could use any of it again, then left me alone.
I just stood there stupidly for a minute or two before sinking down onto the chair in front of her make-up. I looked around at the open drawers and closet in amazement. It all felt so surreal at that moment. He came back in with a strong rye and coke for me, saying I might need it to relax. Going to one of the drawers he sorted through it to find a black lace corset, matching panties and a pair of very sheer black nylons. From the closet he picked out a pair of black pumps with three inch heels.
"Would you start with these please? They made my wife look so sexy and were my favorite."
He left again. I looked at the lingerie then down at the make-up as I removed my shirt. I took a small swallow of the drink and reached for a bottle of liquid foundation. I wanted to take a long time doing my face so it'd be as perfect as possible but at the same time didn't want to keep him waiting too long. (Besides I was dying to discover what that corset would feel like on me.)
It felt like a long time till my face was done and I was finally hooking the corset around my nude body, attaching the nylons and slipping the panties up into place. By the clock it was only a bit more than half an hour. Going to the closet I found a long, fairly sheer black robe I slipped on. It wouldn't hide a thing but was another layer of frilly feminine frosting covering me!
Trembling and with butterflies in my stomach I stepped into the hallway and minced my way to the living room where he was watching the tube. His face lit up as he stared at me in wonder. I stopped and twirled in front of him with my heart racing as I gasped for air! I was more then naked I was completely exposed as the pathetic pervert I really was.
"I'd forgotten about that robe. My wife used to wear that outfit just like that way back when she used to sleep in the same room as me. "
He turned off the television and gestured for me to walk around. I felt so different as I did; more feminine, more alive, more excited then I'd ever felt before. I stopped right in front of him and stared down at the bulge of his crotch then knelt and put my hands on his legs. His hands twitched but stayed where they were.
"I have a lot of memories of my wife wearing those things... very intimate memories... very loving memories... none as exciting as I find it to have you here like this."
I rose to my feet and walked around the room in a circle letting the robe flow freely under my arms as I preened and posed for him. He smiled and lifted up a camera asking me if I'd mind him taking a few pictures for posterity. He took ten or twelve shots ranging from with the robe down to just stay-ups, heels and a very hard clit. I gathered up the set and smiled at him feeling so relaxed, accepted and able to really enjoy the obsessive compulsion I kept hidden inside me free. Blowing him a kiss I walked back down the hall to her room.
White lace garter belt and nylons with white bra and panties, both light and dark blue corsets and garter belts and finally a light pink set. I modeled it all for him over the next hour or two or three. With the last one he'd taken his cock out and stroked it as he eyed me greedily. I'd been so excited I'd already stroked myself to two orgasms in her room but never stopped being hard for very long.
Maybe it was the drink I'd finally finished, maybe it was the further intoxication of all the lingerie, maybe it was the way he looked at me while I wore it or, maybe it was just the sight of his cock. Whatever it was I slowly knelt in front of him, my head bowed and my lips surrounded the head of his cock eagerly. It just seemed so right, so natural for me to run my tongue over it, to suck it gently at first then more and more tightly, more and more deeply until I was gagging.
His moans and gasps let me know what I was doing right and what not to do. Not to let my teeth get in the way for one. I was able to relax my throat to get more of it inside. And discovered how to tell when he was going to explode, the hard way. I swallowed what I could and gagged on the rest, coughing and spluttering as it shot out and overflowed my mouth. He was so apologetic and concerned after it was touching. I explained that it was my first time and I was sorry I'd ruined it for him.
"You couldn't have ruined it! I'm just sorry I didn't let you know or pull out. Thank you my dear for allowing me to be your first."
I felt so incredibly pleased with myself and his reaction. He lifted me to my feet and hugged me tightly. I felt so small and feminine beside him even if we were about the same size. "Now do you want to change and be dropped off or would you like to stay here tonight and spend tomorrow modeling some more for me?" I smiled as I told him I'd like to stay.
I'd woken up wearing a sheer babydoll nitie before, but not in the bed of a strange man in a strange room. I was horrified at my actions the night before. Not only about my agreeing to go to his place and model his wife's lingerie for him but sucking his cock till it exploded in my face and then agreeing to stay the night and model more for him today. What was I thinking? What had happened to me? Why had I agreed to any of it? I couldn't move to escape without waking him. How would I ever talk my way out of this? He must have been awake and read my mind.
"You can still change your mind if you want to and I'll drive you home or wherever you want. I'd really like you to stay though. It's been so long since I woke up holding someone that this day is special enough already. It'd be even more special if you continued to model for me but I do understand if you don't want to."
I didn't say anything right then but still thought that I would like to go. I just needed the time to let him down more gently. At least that was the plan at the moment. I didn't plan on using his wife's razor to shave any stubble from my legs and body when I showered. I didn't plan on re-doing my face or trying to style my shoulder length hair to look more feminine.
I didn't plan to use some of her perfume or a pair of black fishnet stay ups and matching panties, four inch black sandals and the sheer black robe to come down the hall for coffee. I didn't plan any of it. I just did it and felt my heart melt when his face lit up so brightly as I walked into the kitchen. He opened his arms and I walked into his hug, pressing my body against his.
Not a single bit of it was planned or consciously thought about. It was simply the perfect start to the day. When I lifted my head from his shoulder he tilted his head and kissed my lips. I didn't stop to think about how to react or try to pull away; even when his tongue pressed between my slightly parted lips.
Migawd it felt so right, so incredible, became so totally consuming. I became so engrossed and enthralled by the sensations and passion raised by that kiss. I was only vaguely aware of his arms holding me, his hands exploring my smooth flesh. Nothing but that kiss existed in my consciousness. I flicked the tip of my tongue against his and melted completely.
Another kiss and another followed with barely time for a quick gulp of air between them. I welcomed each and every one. They overpowered me like nothing else ever had. Dressed as I was, wearing make-up, perfume and with my hair styled and sprayed into place I may have looked and felt feminine; but at the back of my mind was always a small thought of the reality that I wasn't. When he kissed me that thought vanished. It evaporated and I became wholly feminine and female in response.
Even when his lips moved from mine and kissed my throat that thought was banished. I gasped and moaned when he pinched my nipples, when he licked and suckled on them as I arched my back out. I surrendered to him completely when his fingers found their way into me, realising in surprise that I wanted to feel his cock inside me, filling me! I wanted him to take me, ravish me, have his way with me and feel him spurt deep inside me. I wanted to be his woman in every way possible.
His lips returned to mine, dispelling any possible lingering doubts that might have been about what was running through my mind. I wanted him with every fiber of my being! He was the one to turn the passion down as the last kiss became more chaste. Not that I didn't desperately try to keep it going. As I caught my breath and my passion cooled that small dim thought about my personal reality returned to the back of my mind but much less insistently.
Over coffee he asked me if I'd object to his taking more pictures today. For me to keep, to remember this weekend. If I'd allow it he'd like to have a few for himself as well, but that was up to me. All of last nights outfits again while walking around the living room, posed on the couch, on the bed, seeming to answer the door, talking on the phone, with and without panties or bra.
Pictures of me masturbating, shots of my cock tucked back and my crotch looking completely feminine. Pictures of me kneeling, on all fours, spreading my cheeks the way I'd seen in magazines. Shots of me using a dildo on myself, with a butt plug in place, handcuffed and generally helpless like I'd seen in the magazine I'd looked at. Fully, though still somehow, indecently dressed in short, skimpy skirts or dresses from his wife's closet.
Then before the sun set he talked me into going for a drive while dressed, to a secluded spot he knew of for a few outdoor ones. On the way there he dropped off the rolls of film already taken, at a place he knew of, to be developed and got more film.
The place was secluded; an isolated wet spot or pond near the center of a field. For about an hour before the sun set fully I posed against the backdrop of growing grain or trees. He'd packed a bag of sheer babydoll and longer nities, lingerie, micro-mini and mini skirts so I could pose topless, even if I didn't have any breast development. He told me it didn't matter when I mentioned it. After all the ones of me in just nylons and heels or heels alone were his personal favorites.
He smiled wickedly as we drove back in to the city. He wanted to take me back to the adult store. I'd been nervous and scared going in there last night in male mode; but it was nothing like I felt when we were approaching the front door! I was shaking so bad I had to hold his arm or fall down. The same clerk leered at me again as we entered.
No cameras were supposed to be allowed but that didn't deter him. He just held up the camera and looked at the clerk. The clerk didn't care as long as I was the only one in the shots. Me lifting the back or front of my skirt to show my nylons and panties, then without the panties! Me taking off my blouse, my skirt then posed behind the counter to play being a clerk in lingerie. Me wandering around the store in lingerie and finally down to just garter belt, nylons and heels.
The more he took the more I got into it. The fact that everyone who was there, or who walked in after we started, was watching my every move excited me more than I'd ever have believed possible! From never letting anyone see me dressed to such a wanton exhibitionist slut in one night! I couldn't believe what I was doing, what I was feeling! I reveled in it. I felt so delightfully, deliciously, naughty and wicked and loved it!
Still all good things come to an end. Checking his watch he came over to tell me that the first batch should be done and ready for us to pick up so I reluctantly got fully dressed and we left. I'd felt so excited, so aroused it was a wonder that I hadn't exploded inside the store. I did now when he tilted my head up to kiss me again. My arousal didn't dissipate! My fingers fumbled with his belt and zipper to free his cock so I could suck it again. He must have been excited as well as he didn't last long. With a better idea of what was going to happen I managed to swallow more and gag less.
He dropped off the new films and picked up the first ones. Back at his house he spread the dozens of prints out. He was an excellent photographer and rightfully proud of his handiwork. In most of them I looked as good as the gurls in the magazines. He selected about twenty that he thought he'd like copies of. I nodded a yes. He set ten or twelve of those aside, telling me I could probably sell those ones to a magazine if I wanted and let the world see how magnificent I was. I was astounded and a bit shocked at the idea but thrilled to my core as well. Should I? Could I? Would I dare to? I had no idea of how to go about it but smiled proudly even as I blushed deeply!
Freshly showered, with my make up re-done and wearing his favorite lingerie I sat beside him on the couch, as we sort of watched the tube. My mind wasn't really on it as he'd kiss me from time to time and I'd lose track of what was going on, sometimes discovering that another show had started and I'd missed the end of the last one.
Between kisses we talked. He commented on how much I seemed to really enjoy exhibitionism. I knew I did inside but was still locked into the idea of being more a closet transvestite and just doing this because I needed someone to actually see me dressed all femininely slutty to please him, so I denied it. That led to him challenging me to prove my point.
He ordered Chinese food and dared me to answer the door like I was. It really wouldn't prove anything I said as I would do it, but just to please him. Fine, he replied, but to prove his point I'd have to open the door wide, stand right at the threshold and slowly count the money out without becoming excited or preening for the delivery person.
When the doorbell rang I had no trouble getting to the door. Opening it took a bit more. My pulse started to race, my mouth got dry and I was breathing in short gasps. As I opened it I peeked around it at first and felt my knees getting weak. I'm not sure what the difference was between standing in the doorway and exposing myself to a single man after posing much more exposed to a small crowd in the adult store. I'd been aroused and excited enough in the store but this seemed so much more intimate.
I'd have proven my point if I'd stayed hidden behind the door, (though that really didn't occur to me till much later). He'd set the goals and I'd told him I would abide by them, so taking a deep breath and closing my eyes for a few seconds first, I opened the door wide and stepped forward.
A young oriental man stood there with a surprised smile on his face. As he told me the food had arrived and how much it was his eyes moved up and down my body. I started to tremble and my knees threatened to give out so I put one hand on the door frame to steady myself.
I could literally feel his eyes ravishing me, sending tingling sensation coursing thru' my body. I felt my nipples crinkle tighter and stand out further! I felt my cock twitch between my legs and the coolness of a spreading wet spot starting to form. I was wobbly in the heels as I turned to reach for the money on the table beside the door.
I slowly counted the money into his hand, after setting the paper bag inside the doorway. His eyes still roved over my legs and butt as I stood there wanting to feel his hands do what his eyes were doing. Wanting to feel his arms around me, his lips on mine.
Paid he smiled again and turned to leave, swiveling his head to keep his eyes on me as he walked to his car. I stood there till he got in and exploded when I heard his car door close. Only then did I look around to see if any of James' neighbors had been looking as well.
I was blushing and embarrassed from my lack of control as James chuckled at my soaked panties. I slammed the bag down on the counter and rushed down the hall to clean myself and change panties. He'd proven his point. No matter how I tried to argue against it, inside I knew he had shown me what I was.
To further prove his point about how much I enjoyed exhibitionism he challenged me to ride beside him, in an outfit he'd especially select, to pick up the developed films he'd dropped off when we got the first prints. I'd already conceded the point mentally but still weakly disputed it verbally.
Five inch hot pink stiletto pumps with glittering silver heels and hot pink fishnet stockings to start. Hot pink with vivid white lace trim garter belt, matching panties and a very sheer hot pink babydoll nitie top completed the ensemble. I had to redo my make-up and nails to match and to finish things off wear a hot pink wig. I felt like I'd glow in the dark!
I didn't need to worry about that as every chance he got the dome light was lit to make sure those in the vehicles beside us noticed me. Blushingly I conceded how I loved the incredible thrill I got from exhibitionism and how excited and aroused it left me. He laughed as he smiled widely and nodded.
The developer was delighted when I walked in. His wide smile, twinkling eyes and growing bulge told me he liked what he saw. My friend asked about the re-prints of the twenty he wanted and was assured that it would only take a couple of minutes if we wanted to wait.
While we waited he opened the newly developed shots and spread them across the counter. Looking at them I couldn't believe what I'd done. Somehow I'd gone from being too afraid to step outside my apartment fully dressed to posing in just heels, while on all fours, in the middle of an adult store filled with customers in a single night.
It had to be a dream and I'd wake up soon and discover it was. I couldn't have changed that much in a single day, could I? It was like he was reading my mind again, if he'd ever stopped. A loud SLAP filled the air of the quiet back room, making me jump as his hand connected to my lower right cheek.
"It's you! It's real! And you've loved every minute of it, haven't you?" I blushed deeply and nodded as I rubbed my hand over the spot he'd spanked. The developer poked his head around the corner and smiled then went back to making the fresh prints.
"All you ever needed was the confidence to do what you really wanted to! I just gave you a slight push in the right direction. From now on you can be the gurl you always wanted to be. Free to walk out your door fully dressed or wearing nothing but lingerie. Free to enjoy your sexuality and exhibitionist nature. Free to be who you were meant to be and want to be."
This whole weekend felt so surreal and dreamlike I wasn't fully convinced about that, but his words did sink home. At least I felt confident when I was with him. Would I if he wasn't there? I doubted it. At the same time I wondered why I felt so safe when I was with him.
Overloaded with arousal and the sheer joy of my exhibitionism I hadn't stopped to consider how these frozen moments of time would actually look. I'd just been doing what he told me to and loving every second of it. While I was busy musing over that he had spread out more of the second set across the counter and waved me forward to look at them. I felt myself blushing deeply at the brazenness of quite a few. I did remember posing for them but somehow they looked so much more explicit and naughty then I remembered.
Now that I saw them I wondered just how much of a wanton slut I was. I'd never have done any of this by myself! I simply couldn't have; yet I had under his guidance. How had he taken control of me so completely, so easily, so quickly? Awash in the remembered excitement I barely noticed as he slid his arms around me, held me and kissed my neck then slipped the nitie off me. I melted against him as his arms held me again and gasped loudly when his fingers pinched my throbbing nipples.
My hands fumbled over the front of his pants to free his cock, stroke it before I turned and slid to my knees to swallow him as deeply as possible. Passionately, lovingly I sucked his cock, not caring about where we were or anything else. None of that mattered right now.
Nothing mattered but the exquisite feeling of his hard cock between my lips, of knowing that I was pleasing him in whatever way I could. Nothing else mattered until I was swallowing every drop that gushed from him, without wasting a single one. When he pulled his softening cock from my lips there was another waiting and I didn't stop to consider where it came from, just hungrily sucked it as well. So different yet so similar. Slightly smaller but just as hard and cum filled, even more so I discovered as it spurted and overfilled my mouth, running down my chin and dripping onto my chest.
"Now you my dear. Stroke yourself and show us how much you enjoyed coming here dressed like that; how much you enjoyed sucking us and swallowing our cum dressed the way you are!"
As I leaned back to slide my panties down I realised for the first time that they were already around my knees. When had that happened? Eyes closed and in a dreamy state I stroked myself slowly, feeling the wetness of my precum covering more than the head. My body trembled and shuddered as I did my best to prolong it. Still it was merely seconds before my spurts splashed across my thighs, my belly and the floor.
I kept my eyes closed and savored the moment as I caught my breath. When I opened them the two of them were smiling down at me. Somehow it felt right to be lying at their feet, both of them fully dressed and me, quite literally, in a state of feminine nakedness. I never wanted that moment to end.
Still life goes on. The developer pointed out the washroom so I could clean myself up and even if it didn't matter much I picked up my things to put on when I did. When I came out the developer had gone back to reprint a second set of the shots from the adult store for my,... my,... my Master. Yes my Master, the man who controlled my actions, the man I would do anything for, the man I wanted to please in any way possible. My Master and the man I loved with all my heart.
James the Master and me the controlled sissy. LOL. I'd read too many books and stories, fantasised too many times. Dreamed of having someone 'force' me past the self imposed boundaries that kept me within the four walls of my apartment when dressed. Just another fantasy popping to the surface. One I'd thought about but wasn't sure I ever really wanted to live out.
Submissive I might be but I wasn't really one of those that could give up that much control of my life. At least I didn't think I was! I'd never even dared let anyone know I liked to dress femininely, till he coaxed it out of me. I'd seldom ventured beyond my door wearing more than panties and a bra under my male things on my own or gone out 'daringly' wearing clear nail polish.
Yet here I was in the outfit he'd selected to make sure I'd be noticed on the drive here. Preening and posing when he'd pull up beside a car or truck and flick the dome light on. Why? Because it pleased him, made him smile and laugh, and I got as much of a thrill from that as I did from exposing both my secret desire to be feminine and my more frosted then concealed body to anonymous strangers!
Both were incredibly intoxicating, both fantastically exciting, both were things I would never have done on my own. Did that make him my Master? Only in as much as he dared or challenged me to stretch my limitations and I complied. Dared, not ordered. Challenged to explore and even exceed my bounds, not told and expected to instantly obey. I moved over to snuggle against him and rested my head on his shoulder and he slid an arm around me. I was content and happy.
Back at his place he'd led me straight into his bedroom. Slowly, lovingly with caresses and kisses that sent thrilling shivers thru me he undressed me to the garter belt and fishnets; then quickly undressed himself. I just stood and watched. Lifting me in his arms he carried me to the bed and set me down. I felt so small, so weak, and so very feminine in his arms I was giddy as he laid down beside me.
Leaning forward he kissed me and again I was lost in the wonder and sensation of his lips, his tongue exploring my mouth. Again whatever masculinity I might have possessed was forgotten or buried so deep it no longer mattered. I felt myself melting against him, pressing close to feel that fantastic sensation of bare skin on skin contact.
Gently, slowly, thoroughly he made love to me. Caressing my shoulders, kissing them, kissing my neck to make me tremble and gasp softly. Cupping my lower cheeks to pull me closer, if that was possible. I smiled as he gently spread my cheeks open and ran his finger between them.
Reaching over me to the nightstand he took the lubricant I'd never noticed him placing there. I gasped and lifted my hips to take his finger deeper as he pressed it into me. It felt both strange and right, weird and welcome to be fingered by him. As the second finger joined in I became a bit scared. Not at the idea of being fingered but more like a virginal girl being fingered for the first time.
James took his time and waited till I was fully relaxed and receptive before the third finger wriggled in to open me more fully. Again my body clenched then slowly relaxed. I felt strange, like I was not only feeling all of it but watching myself as well. Seeing him wriggle his fingers deeper as I arched my hips up to take them.
James shifted position and smiled down at me as I spread my legs further apart. The head of his cock slipped in easily just after he withdrew his fingers. That was all, just the head and maybe a bit more. He looked deep into my eyes before he started to thrust a bit forward and my hips rose to try and get more inside me.
I wanted him inside me, needed him inside me. I needed to feel his body between my thighs, needed to feel his weight holding me down. Don't ask me why? I had no idea why and didn't care. It didn't matter right then if it was going to be painful or pleasant, I just had to feel his cock fully inside me.
I felt it slide deeper inside me and winced. It felt so right, so different but so right. Not that it wasn't somewhat painful at first, not overly painful, more a strange sensation that completed my femininity, completed me! Something inside my brain had clicked into place and my femininity was fulfilled and ready to run wild.
I rocked my hips up to meet each thrust, kicked my heels against him to force him deeper and gasped for breath as I started to circle my hips to ease him fully in. Yes, yes, yes, this was what I needed, what I'd wanted all weekend without really knowing it! OH MIGAWD yes YESSS!
I have no idea how long he was inside me or when I ejaculated but I screamed out my release when I felt his first spurt inside me. My body shuddered, spasmed again and again with each succeeding spurt. Limp and lifeless, gasping for air and covered in a fine sheen of perspiration I laid there still sporadically spasming helplessly as James looked down at me with a shit eating grin on his face.
I was fully, truly a womun right then. I was his womun and proud of it in a way I'd never considered possible. He might not really be my Master, but he definitely was my gentle, considerate lover. He laid back beside me, put his arm around me and I snuggled as close as possible, resting my head on his shoulder.
An hour later I had my thighs on either side of his waist as I rode his cock and watched mine slap against his belly. I closed my eyes and savored the sensation of his cock inside me, of his fingers flicking across my hard nipples, tugging them lightly. When he pulled me forward and nibbled my nipples it completed some internal circuit in my brain.
Over powering sensations made me press my chest out, my belly tighten and quiver as they rippled thru' it. When they reached my crotch a split second later I moaned loudly and felt myself spraying helplessly over his belly, my thighs as I came.
His cock still thrust deep into me as he rolled me below him and my hips still rose to meet those thrusts. My thighs still squeezed tightly around him. I could still feel my diamond hard nipples flooding my brain with their insanely exotic and erotic sensations even thru' the normally overwhelming sensation of his lips as he kissed me deeply!
The erotic sensations emanating from my nipples lasted even after I felt him cum inside me and my body was again lying back limply beside him. What was happening to me? How had he set my inner femininity so free? Was I ever going to feel any masculinity again? Would I ever want to?
Not right now anyway. Right now I was so happy, so content to be his gurl, his womun and nothing else. I dozed beside him as images of fantasy after fantasy flickered before me. Schoolgirl dreams of a perfect life with my lover, of me being his fifties type wife, of me becoming his sexual plaything forever, of me, sans male genitalia, living to please him for the rest of my life.
When it was time to wake up he wanted me to stay dressed in just the garter belt, fishnets and heels till it was time for me to go. A few more hours of bliss before I'd have to return to my sheltered, closeted life.