Author's note: It's been awhile since I published. I want to thank all my fans who wrote me during that time to encourage me to write again. Do respond to all who write me.
As usual please vote, favorite, and comment.
Thank you.
=============================
It was Tuesday morning and my husband and I had finished packing and were heading to the airport. We had a tradeshow to attend in Vegas. Although we're not in the same company we are in the same industry, so, with a little finagling, we managed to both get a free trip to Vegas.
I was supposed to be there. I was in charge of our trade show booth. Setting it up, messaging, staffing, all mine. My husband is a sales rep for his company. Typically sales reps did not fly to conferences, the sales reps from the territory would cover it, but he had scheduled a bunch of meetings with possible customers so he was allowed to go.
This was our three year anniversary and it was a great way to get a lot of the trip paid for. We figured the show was Wednesday thru Friday and we would spend the weekend. We were excited.
I was looking forward to celebrating our anniversary. My husband, Stuart, is a handsome man. 32 years old, 6'1", dark hair, blue eyes. We are not gym rats but we do get there 2-3 times a week. He treats me like a queen and he looks at me with complete adoration. We'd been working hard and getting some time off would do us well.
As we drove to the airport, I thought about the morning. I woke up to a card from Stuart. It was by the coffee pot in the kitchen.
'Karen, 3 years have gone by in a flash. You are the most beautiful woman I know. My best friend, my wife, my partner, my lover. I only wish the world knew how amazing you are.
Here is a small token of my love, it does not do you justice.'
There was a box under the card. I opened it. I saw sparkling on top of black. The sparkling was a diamond and gold pendant. The black was a little black dress for nights out in Vegas.
It was not unusual for Stuart to buy me clothes. He was proud of the way I looked. I am 29, 5'6", 130 lbs. I have curves. I am a 34c. I have honey colored hair down past my shoulders. Stuart loved it when men would check me out. Truthfully I loved it too. It made me feel sexy. If Stuart saw something he thought I'd look good in, he'd buy it. Usually it was a bit shorter or lower cut than I would buy but I loved it. I always felt I should be a bit more conservative now that I was married. Stuart wanted me to dress like we were still out partying at 24. He's my husband. I didn't mind. Plus, as I said, I like the attention.
We had a bit of time before we headed to the airport. Stuart was in the shower. I pulled off the t-shirt I was wearing and stepped into the shower with him.
"Happy anniversary baby," I said.
He took me in his arms and kissed me.
Stuart was a wonderful lover. He knew how to make love, he knew how to fuck, and he knew when to do which. Right now I was somewhere between the two. He kissed me and took his time lathering my body. He softly washed me from head to toe, nibbling on my shoulders, sucking on my nipples, biting my ass, and playing with my pussy as he went.
As I reached fever pitch he turned me around and bent me over. Hanging onto the shower rail I felt him enter me from behind. There is something dirty sexy about being fucked standing up and from behind. I came pretty quickly.
I got on my knees and took him in my mouth, I could still taste my pussy on his cock.
"Come on baby," I coaxed. "Give me that load. Let me get on the plane with a load of cum in my stomach."
That pushed him over the edge. He started to fill my mouth with a huge load. I swallowed as fast as I could but missed some. It hit me in the chin and nose but was quickly washed away by the water.
"Mmmm...", I said. "We better get ready."
We arrived in Vegas and went right to the conference hotel to check in. The room was nice but nothing exceptional. I had to go check on my booth. Stuart had no plans, but his badge wouldn't let him in with me, so I went alone.
I walked the aisles of the show. There must have been 500 vendors. I always liked checking out the creativity of other booths. We had a 10x20 foot space. Our booth was at the end of the aisle. Everything was there. We had four people staffing the booth. Me, John and Keith our two technical marketing guys, and Sean, our marketing admin person who worked for me. The tech guys were in the booth putting everything together. Everything seemed like it was on schedule and working.
Next to us was a 10x10 booth. There was a woman about 40 in the booth setting up. She had a Hispanic look about her. 5'5" maybe 130-140. Lots of curves and a great ass. Long black hair down her back.
I introduced myself. Her name was Lila and she was there manning her booth herself. It was a small company.
I finished up my work in the booth and went in search of my husband. I stopped by Stuart's company booth to see if maybe he got in and was there. He wasn't. The booth was 20x20. I knew there were at least four sales reps and techies manning the booth. Stuart wasn't there. I introduced myself.
One of the sales guys setting up said, "Wow, who knew Stuart had such a hot wife."
It was a little inappropriate, but I didn't mind. I liked the attention. I may have giggled and walked away with a little extra sway in my ass.
I headed to the casino to see if I could find Stuart. I found him at a blackjack table in the the casino.
"Hey baby, all done?" he asked.
"Yeah, all set for tomorrow," I said. "What do you want to do now?" I asked.
"Well. It's 5:00. Why don't we get a nap in, and then head out for dinner and some fun?" he replied.
Sounded good to me. I did not have to be in the booth till 10 am so I was up for anything.
Our room was on the 20th floor. I went over to look out the window. Stuart followed me, put his arms around me and kissed my neck. I leaned my head back on his shoulders and purred.
His hands went to my belt buckle.
"What do you think you're doing?" I teased.
"Me?" he answered. "I'm going to fuck my wife overlooking the city."
"Oh? And what makes you think she'll let you?" I asked. I mean, I knew I would, but he's gotta think there's some chance I might say no, even though I never did.
"Because sometimes my wife is a little slut," he answered.
"And you think this is one of those times?" I said as I wiggled my hips to help him pull my jeans and panties down.
"When in Vegas," he replied.
I laughed. "Do you want me to be a Vegas slut?" I answered as I put my hands on the window, bent over, and tilted my ass towards him.
I was wet, jeans and panties around my thighs he entered me easily from behind.
I moaned. I looked out the window. I wondered if anyone could see me, the thought of being watched turned me on.
"God baby," I said. "Can anyone see us?"
"I hope so," he replied.
That sent a gush of electricity to my pussy.
"You'd like it if someone could see your wife being fucked against a window?" I teased.
"Hell, I'd love to see you fucked against a window," he replied.
"Mmmmm," I moaned. For some reason the thought of my husband watching me get fucked against the window turned me on.
Stuart noticed. "Oh? You'd like me to watch you now? You want me to see you with another man? That's pretty slutty. Your husband watching another cock plow his wife's pussy."
As he spoke I felt my orgasm building.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," I moaned.
"So you are a little vegas slut," he said.
That was it. I came. "God," I moaned.
Stuart picked me up and threw me on my back on the bed. Jeans and panties still around my thighs I could barely spread my legs. He pushed them straight up and towards my chest lifting my ass off the bed and giving him perfect access to my pussy. His cock slid into my pussy as he fucked me hard.
"That's it baby. Fuck me. Fuck your Vegas slut. Fuck my pussy. Fuck me." I came again. "You want to show off your little Vegas slut? Is that what you want?" I could feel his cock expand in me.
"Fuck yes," he moaned as I felt his hot cum shoot inside me.
He fell on top of me. We made out for a bit. We then got up and undressed. We cuddled naked and fell asleep.
It was about 7:00 when we got up. The plan was to get some dinner and go out. We decided to check out Fremont street. We showered and got dressed.
When we go out Stuart likes me to dress sexy. I felt at 29 and a mom, my days of skirts that barely covered my ass were over, but, Stuart loved them, and we were in Vegas. I pulled on a green shirt dress, it belted around the waist and buttoned all the way down the front. I wasn't wearing a bra. I buttoned the two middle buttons and turned to Stuart.
"How many?" I asked.
Stuart reached over and buttoned three more. The top was buttoned just below my breasts. It held the dress so you could not see my nipples but you could see what cleavage I had. I wouldn't call it cleavage, but the space between and swell of my breasts.
The bottom he buttoned to just below my crotch. I was sure that with a breeze or walking I'd flash my panties.
We headed out.
I certainly got my looks walking around Fremont street and Stuart didn't hesitate to point them out. I was enjoying the attention. We hit a couple bars, a couple casinos, and listened to music. Even did a little dancing.
Then we heard someone call Stuart's name. When we spotted them it was some of the guys I saw in Stuart's company's booth. There were 4 of them. Stuart waved and they came over. Stuart started to introduce me. One of the guys stopped him.
"We already know your hot wife Karen," he said.
Stuart looked at me. I explained that I stopped by the booth earlier and introduced myself. Stuart introduced him as Mark. Mark worked with Stuart and was here because he had clients also. When I went by the booth earlier I was in jeans. Right now I was showing a lot of skin. It was obvious the guys noticed. They could barely stop staring at me and I was eating it up. Stuart introduced the rest of the guys. Truthfully I forgot their names as soon as he said them.
Mark then asked, "What are you guys up to?"
We weren't doing anything special and told them. They suggested a bar in a casino that had a band. We were up for it. We followed Mark and crew to the casino. I didn't remember the guys names so I started making up nicknames for them.
There was Mark. He was kind of loud and pushy. Then there was one of the tech guys who was kind of shy. He kept looking at me and blushing every time I caught him checking me out. He stammered almost every time he talked to me. I started thinking about him as blush.
Next there was baldy. Baldy must have been in his mid forties and about 30 lbs overweight. He was very polite to me. He seemed very excited by the opportunity to talk to a pretty girl. I actually liked talking to him.
Last there was the kid. If he was 21 I'd be surprised. He was almost as bad as blush and kept calling me ma'am.
We went out and had a few drinks. Mark kept trying to commandeer my attention, but I spent more time talking to baldy, blush, and the kid. It was so much fun watching them try to avoid checking me out, or at least getting caught. For my part I was having fun and started flashing more skin at them just to see their reactions.
I thought blush would roll over and die when I leaned in close to him, put my hand on his leg, and whispered something to him. The front of my dress fell away and he could see right down it. I'm sure my nipples were clearly visible. He wasn't sure where to look.
Mark didn't miss what happened. "Come tell me a secret," he said.
I couldn't help myself. He was on the other side of the table. I stood up and leaned across the table. He stood up to meet me halfway. When I leaned in everyone at the table could look down my top and see my tits. My nipples were hard. I'm sure in the back my dress had slid up and showed my ass. Knowing I was showing off always excited me, but knowing these guys worked with my husband was even sluttier and made me even wetter.
As he leaned in I whispered in Mark's ear, "That better? Do you like my tits?"
Instead of addressing me he spoke to Stuart, "God your wife has great tits."
Everyone at the table heard him.
"Yeah, she does," Stuart responded. "Tasty too."
Mark and Stuart laughed. Blush, baldy and the kid joined in cautiously.
Mark got bolder. "Are we going to get to see more of that ass too?" he asked.
I'm not sure he was asking me or Stuart. Stuart responded, "She does have a great ass.
Mark started asking me, "Come on Karen. We wanna see that great ass."
I laughed it off a few times. I basically put it back on Mark. "Seems like you're the only one asking," I teased. "No one else here is asking, so I doubt they want to see it."
After a couple rounds like this blush barely whispered, "I do."
The idea that blush got brave enough to ask to see my ass sent a wave of wetness to my pussy. I looked around. With the guys standing around me I turned my back to them. I was looking right into Stuart' eyes. I pulled my dress up to my waist and let them see my ass. I didn't just flash it. I held my dress there for a minute. Long enough for a group of guys going by to see what I was doing and let loose a bunch of cat calls. The idea of these strangers seeing my ass turned me on. I had an urge to flash them my tits. I watched Stuart's eyes. He was smiling at me.
We went to a few more bars. There was dancing at some. Mark would ask me to dance. He'd always ask Stuart first. Stuart didn't mind. I know that as I danced I flashed my panties a bit. I noticed the men and women around me looking as well as Mark. I was getting all hot and bothered.
Finally it was time to head home. After all, I did have to work the next day and, truth be told, I was horny as hell and wanted to be fucked. We were all staying at the conference hotel. As soon as we got in the elevator I started making out with Stuart. Mark and baldy were on the same elevator.
"Oh my god Stuart, that was so much fun," I said in front of them. "Get me back to our room. I'm horny as hell."
"You're just horny because you were flashing these guys all night," Stuart said. Right in front of them. I just kissed him harder.
I felt Stuart's Hand slide under my dress. As he kissed me he pulled up the back showing my thong covered ass to Mark and Baldy.
"That better?" he teased.
I moaned into his mouth and kissed him harder.
We got off at our floor. I got out of the elevator before Stuart. As I headed to my room I had a dirty idea. I undid the belt of my dress and dropped it to the floor. Stuart stopped and picked it up. As I walked I unbuttoned the dress. I let it slide off my shoulders to the ground. Again Stuart stopped to pick it up. Now I was walking down the hall in just my thong and heels. I was feeling naughty, slutty, I wondered what would happen if someone came into the hall and saw me.
As I reached our door I slid my thong down over my hips and stepped out of it . I leaned against the outside of our door, arms above my head. One leg bent. I then slid one hand down to my pussy and started playing with my clit.
Stuart reached the door and opened it. Standing in the doorway I put my arms around his neck and kissed him again. Then I turned and walked towards the bed. I got on my knees at the end of the bed and put my chest down on the mattress.
With my ass high and pussy exposed I breathed, "Fuck me."
Stuart didn't have to be asked twice. He got behind me and drove his cock into me.
"Umpphh...," I grunted as his cock hit bottom. I was so fucking wet I could not believe it. He started fucking me.
"Wow, why is my little slut so wet?" He said.
I moaned
"Did you like showing off?"
I moaned again.
"You do realize those are people I work with," he chided as he jammed his cock into me. "Now my co workers have seen your tits and ass. They probably think my wife's a slut. Is that what you wanted?"
I was loving it. The truth was, the idea of someone I know, knowing I was a slut was a huge turn on. I kept my desires to myself, but secretly I wanted people to see who I was.
He went on, "I could tell by the way he was looking at you that Mark wanted to fuck this pussy. I bet he was thinking cunt. Guys think sluts have cunts, not pussies."
"God yes," I breathed.
Stuart kept pumping my pussy, I mean, cunt. He was fucking me hard. I was asking it and pushing back with each thrust.
"So did you like showing off?" Stuart asked.
I moaned.
"Did you?" he continued.
I moaned again.
Stuart stopped fucking me. He held the tip of cock just at the entrance to my cunt. Just holding the lips open. I whimpered and tried to push back and get him to fill me up again. He moved so I couldn't and kept his cock head just spreading my lips.
"Did you?" he asked again.
"Yes," I hissed
"I bet you wanted to take off your panties and show them," he continued.
It was like a dam burst.
"Fuck yes," I moaned. " I loved showing off."
He rammed his cock back into me and started fucking me again. Hard.
"I loved it," I continued. "Those eyes looking at me with lust. Mmmmphhhh... fuck me. Wanting to fuck me," I moaned. "They wanted to see more," I panted. "I wanted to just stand there naked. Knowing that they knew you made it even hotter. Someone who knows me finding out I can be a slut."
Recounting how I felt. Picturing the way they looked at me. My orgasm built. God, I felt it in my toes. It radiated my entire body.
"Oh my fucking god," I moaned as it washed over me.
Now I wanted Stuart's cum.
"Cum on baby. Cum for your little slut." I wiggled my ass. "Give it to me. You know I love it. Where do you want to cum? In my cunt? On my ass? Face? Anywhere, just cum for me."
That was it for Stuart. He pulled out of my pussy and sprayed his cum all over my ass and back. I could feel the hot cum splash against my skin. I came one more time.
We cleaned up and went to bed. The next day was the first day of the conference.
I manned my booth around 9:30. John , Keith, and Sean were already there. Normally when I work the booth I wear Khakis and a tucked in polo shirt. Today I was feeling flirty. I put on a untucked medium polo shirt that came down just below my ass and a khaki skirt I'd brought. The skirt wasn't too short but it was above the knee.
Lila was in the booth next to me. She was in typical khakis and polo shirt.
"You look nice," she said. We chatted a bit and chatted when it was slow.
The day was typical booth duty. Slow while the sessions were going on, busy between sessions. The guys from Stuart's company would come by every once in awhile and say hi and chat with me. I introduced them to Lila. Mark may have been a bit mouthier than the rest. At one point he asked Sean what it was like having such a hot boss. I thought it was kind of funny watching Sean try and stammer through an answer.
"She looks nice," Mark said to Keith, "but you should have seen what she was wearing last night. All I can say is this girl's got legs." He laughed and went on his way.
After that I noticed Sean, as well as John and Keith, kept checking me out. I decided to have a little fun and pulled the waist of my skirt up so I was showing more leg. It got me a lot of attention. A lot of people would come by and hang around the booth.
On top of that I would go behind the display and bend over straight legged to pick something up. A couple times I got down on my hands and knees with my ass in the air, to pull something out from under the table. I was making myself wet letting the guys check me out and being so naughty in front of my co workers. Especially one who worked for me.
I think Lila may have noticed me. She'd comment on how hot I was and how I was dragging guys into the booth.
Eventually the day ended and I headed to my room. Stuart was already there. He took one look at me and said, "Get a lot of attention today?"
"Why?" I asked, pretending not to know what he was talking about.
"Oh nothing," he said. He then scooped me in his arms and kissed me.
I kissed back. Not a hi kiss, he got my 'I'm ready to fuck now' kiss.
Unfortunately we didn't have time. Usually at these trade shows they have some kind of welcome dinner. Stuart reminded me that as the representative of my company I had to go.
"Fine," I said. "But you're going to fuck the shit out of me when we get back."
Stuart laughed, "I'll do my best, but I think you're becoming insatiable."
We headed down to the welcome buffet. For those of you who have never been to a technical conference, the men/women ratio at these conferences is about ten to one. This one was no different.
We showered. I sucked Stuart's cock in the shower, but he stopped me reminding me again we had to go. I begrudgingly threw on a casual dress and was ready to go. The dress wasn't anything special, but in a group of mostly men, a dress was like a red flag. Stuart looked great in Jeans and untucked button down shirt. We headed to welcome reception.
As soon as I walked in Stuart's work mates surrounded me. About a minute later we were joined by the three guys I work with. Stuart and I made introductions all around. It was a fairly uneventful night. It was fun watching the guys vie for my attention. Except for Mark who was blatant about it, I don't even think the others realized they were doing it.
I was enjoying walking around with my entourage and
Mark was Mark. His comments were just on the edge of inappropriate.
He commented on the fact that I was the only woman wearing a dress. I replied that I liked dresses. One of the guys I worked with commented that I usually wore dresses or skirts to work.
Mark jumped in with his most inappropriate comment of the night. "You shoulda seen the dress she wore last night. It showed every curve she had."
I thought Keith, the guy who worked for me, was going to die.
"Every curve?" I flirted back.
"Whatever it didn't show, you flashed us," he said.
"Shhhhh," I teased. "These boys don't need to know I have a naughty side, do they?"
"I don't know," said Mark. "Your naughty side seems lots of fun."
"Oh it is," I laughed. "You don't even know."
"I wish I did," Mark replied.
We chatted a bit more and dinner started to wind down. We said we were going to our room. Mark tried to get us to go out, but I wanted to fuck.
Stuart and I headed to our room. I was out of my dress, on my knees, and unzipping Stuart's pants before he knew what hit him. I took his cock in my mouth and felt it get hard as I sucked it.
"Hey," he said. "What got you so hot? All that attention?"
I moaned around his cock.
"So," he continued. "My little slut likes it when all those guys are checking her out."
I moaned again.
I pulled my mouth off his cock. "Shut up and fuck me," I said.
He did. He fucked my pussy and he fucked my mouth. I squirmed, squealed and came over and over again. He must have fucked me for an hour straight.
While fucking me he called me his little slut and commented on all the guys paying attention to me. He mentioned how Sean reacted when he heard I had a naughty side.
"How does it feel knowing a guy who works for you knows you have a naughty side," he teased.
Truthfully, it was hot. I thought about what it would be like for Sean .to walk in my office and catch me masturbating. I moaned again.
"I think Mark wants to fuck you," he went on. "How do you think I would feel going into work knowing that a guy I see everyday fucked you?"
That made me moan. I loved the idea of my husbands co workers knowing I was a slut. I came just thinking about it.
After about 4 orgasms he shot his load in my pussy. With the feeling of hot cum in my cunt I fell asleep.
The next day I had booth duty again. I was still feeling the high from all the attention. I looked at my khakis. I didn't want to wear them. Instead I pulled on a thong and a pair of yoga pants. They came up about 2" below my navel. Then I pulled on a company t shirt that came just a bit below the waistband of the pants. I checked myself in the mirror. When I moved I would flash a little belly or back. I knew I was pushing appropriate but I had seen booth babes (hired models) in the bigger booths looking about the same.
Stuart came out of the bathroom. "Well, that's one way of getting people into the booth," he laughed.
I headed to the booth. Lila was there. She was wearing a black skirt and a tucked in polo.
"Wow, you look great," she said. "That outfit should pack them in the booth."
I liked the compliment from this beautiful woman.
My team showed up and checked me out. They tried not to look but couldn't help themselves. For my part I again spent time bending over or getting on all fours when the opportunity presented itself. Sean was trying hardest not to look at his boss, but being so young couldn't help himself.
I'm pretty sure Lila noticed I was teasing the guys. She'd catch my eye and smile at me. I'd smile back.
They were right. The booth was packed all day. The reality is we had a lot of possible customers who had never really considered us. It was a good day for leads. When the day was over I cleaned up and headed over to Stuart' booth. Mark came over.
"Don't you look hot,' he said. "Let me see the rest."
He wanted me to turn around so he could check out my ass. I shouldn't have, but I was loving the attention, I turned around.
"Ya know," he said, "you can see your thong through the yoga pants."
I didn't realize that, but the idea turned me on. My only comment was, "Lucky you."
He told me Stuart was with a client. I headed for my room. Mark said he'd walk with me and jumped in the elevator with me.
"I can't tell through the yoga pants, what color is the thong?" he teased.
I looked at him. I turned my ass to him and pushed my yoga pants halfway down my ass and said, "you tell me."
"Nice," said Mark. "Stuart is a lucky guy to get to fuck you."
"Any time he wants, any hole he wants," I replied.
"Very lucky, I bet that ass feels so good," he went on.
"He says it's very fuckable," I teased back.
I got off at my floor and headed to my room. The conversation made me horny.
Stuart wasn't there. I jumped in the shower. I kept thinking of all the guys checking me out. I wondered how many noticed my thong. My fingers found my clit. I wasn't gentle. Rubbing my clit and jamming my fingers in my pussy I brought myself to orgasm.
Stuart came in just then. I kissed him passionately.
"Whoa," he said. "Someone's been ready to go all week. Like all the attention you're getting?"
I was honest. "I'm loving the attention. I love it when men are looking at me. I can tell they want to see me naked, to fuck me. The idea makes me horny as hell. You're not mad, are you?"
I waited a moment for his answer. I was afraid he'd be mad.
"You're sexy as hell. I love that guys want you. It's like I have something they don't have and they should all be jealous. Sometimes I want to undress you and let them see how perfect you really are. Sometimes I picture someone fucking you, like letting them touch my most prized possession, just so they know what they're missing."
Hearing how he felt made my pussy hot and my heart melt. "Fuck me," I hissed.
Stuart threw me on the bed and slid his cock into me. He fucked me hard and fast.
"So, you'd like it if someone knew your little slut was a good fuck? See my lips around their cock and watch them moan. Would that turn you on?" I teased.
He moaned.
"My ass in the air, pussy exposed, ready for anything?" I went on.
He started fucking me harder. I wondered how, after four years of marriage, I didn't know how much this turned him on. I knew he liked to show me off, but that he thought about watching me get fucked? I came all over his cock.
"So," he said. "It turns you on too, doesn't it?"
"Yes," I replied as I came again.
"Well we are in Vegas for the weekend. Should be plenty of opportunity to show off," he commented.
I moaned.
"Maybe we need to get you some sluttier clothes for the weekend," he said.
I moaned again.
"You can dress me anyway you want," I whispered. "I'll be as slutty as you want."
With that I felt his cock stiffen. I felt his hot cum shoot inside my pussy. The feeling set off another orgasm in me.
Stuart rolled off of me and lay on his back. I turned so I could take his cock in my mouth and cleaned him off. I loved the way his cock, covered in both his and my cum tasted.
As I sucked him I looked at him and said, "I'll do anything you want."
Conferences often realize they have to entertain their guests. Tonight was the party for the attendees. It was billed as a 'Rave'. Given the demographics of the crowd I was not expecting much raving. I was looking forward to getting tonight and tomorrow over with so Stuart and I could finally do what we wanted. Stuart and I figured we could go out for a little while after the rave.
We decided to take a short nap and then get ready to 'Rave!' We laughed as we said it. When it was time to get ready I started going through my stuff.
"Wear the black dress I got you," Stuart suggested.
I pulled the dresś out. It was a halter style little black dress. I couldn't wear a bra with it. The front scooped below my breasts. The dress was loose on the top and had almost no back. The bottom started at my waist and clung to me like a second skin. It came down five inches below my ass. It was more of a 'going out to party in Vegas' dress than a business function dress, but everything was covered so what the hell. I added a pair of thigh highs that were covered by the dress about an inch. I was ready to go.
We headed down to the rave.
The hall was huge. The conference probably had 10,000 people. The lights were low and there was a pulsing dance beat playing. There were food and alcohol stations. Stuart and I immediately ran into Lila.
"Oh my god, another girl," she joked.
I looked around. As usual it was a sea of men with a few women interspersed between them.
Then she looked at me. "Wow, hot dress," she said. "Well, hot girl in hot dress," she amended.
I thanked her. "You don't look so bad yourself." I said.
Lila was wearing a blue cocktail dress. It was well above the knee but not as short as mine. It flared out from the waist. The top had short sleeves and a square neckline. It was perfect for the occasion and she looked good in it.
We headed over to one of the bars. As we did I heard someone call Stuart's name. It was Mark. He, blush, kid, and baldy came over. We all said our hi's and waited for the bar. When we got our drinks we headed to watch the dance floor. There were about 20 couples dancing. Lots of men watching. After all there wasn't a lot else to do. Mark and crowd stuck with us. I think they figured there were women in our group and decided to stay. As we watched Keith, Sean, and, John found us.
I made a joke about Lila and I being able to handle eight guys. Lila laughed and said, "Yeah, but could they handle us?"
Mark jumped in, "We could try," he said.
Lila looked at him. "Try? If you're not sure you're up to the job, why would we let you 'try'," she said, finger quotes around try.
Mark changed his tune. "Oh I'm up for it," he said.
"What do you think," she said to me. "Think this guy could handle the both of us?
I just laughed. "He'd need the rest of these guys for backup".
With that Lila grabbed my arm and pulled me to the dance floor. We started dancing leaving the guys to watch.
The music had a great beat and Lila was a great dancer. We looked good on the dance floor. We danced pretty sexily but kept about a foot between us. Every once in awhile my dress would slide up and show a bit of stocking and I'd have to adjust it.
After a few songs Mark and kid came out to dance with us. We started dancing with them. We used our moves and shook our asses. We had their attention. Lila danced over and coaxed the other guys out on the dance floor with us. Everyone but Stuart joined us. There we were, two women, surrounded by seven guys. All of them had their eyes on us.
Surrounded by the guys it was hard for people to see us. We started dancing a little closer. Lila and I would dance while the guys danced around us. Lila would turn and grind her ass against me or put her arms around my neck and slide down my body. Not to be outdone, I gave as good as I got.
At one point Lila put her hand on my thigh and pulled my dress up so my stockings showed. I returned the favor by pulling her dress up and flashing her ass. I figured she was wearing a thong.
As the night went on, people left. Out of 10,000 people there were about 50 couples on the dance floor. The men in our group starting dancing closer to us. We would grind against them and then dance away. At one point Mark grabbed my hips and pulled my ass into him. Lila, seeing this, danced up and sandwiched me between them.
Looking into my eyes, and with a small smile on her lips, she let her hand fall to my thigh. As we danced she started to push the hem of my dress up. I knew what she was doing and didn't stop her. I just kept my eyes looking into hers. She ended up pulling my dress up to my waist with Mark grinding against my ass. I looked at Stuart. He was just smiling. I pushed my ass back into Mark.
"Well aren't you the little ehitionist slut," she purred.
"You wish," I replied with a big smile.
"I do," she said. "But so do you."
I just ground my ass into Mark and smiled.
Keith came up behind Lila. I figured turnabout was fair play. I ran my hands up her thighs to her hips. It became clear she wasn't wearing panties. I pulled up the back of her dress completely exposing her ass to Keith and anyone else who was watching. I'm sure all the guys in our group saw. I am sure others saw, but dressed like we were, and all made up I doubted anyone recognized us. We didn't know that many people to begin with.
The near anonymity made us brave. As we'd dance we caressed each other's asses and breasts. John and baldy joined Mark and Keith and they were groping our asses and tits. I was getting horny as hell.
The party drew to an end and the lights went on. We stopped dancing. Lila and I were holding hands.
"Let's go out," suggested Mark
"I think I'm going to call it a night," said Lila.
"Us too," I said.
Mark was not happy. "I have an idea," he said. "The company has a suite upstairs for sales meetings. It has a stocked bar. Let's go grab a last drink.
That idea was appealing. We didn't have to go out and one last drink sounded fun.
When we got up to the suite Mark turned on the lights and softened them. Then he put on some background music. It had a soft slow beat. He went around getting us all drinks. Lila held hers and kind of swayed with the music.
I was standing, so were Lila and Mark. The other guys were sitting down. The suite had two couches facing each other with some small coffee tables in between. Lila took my hand and started swaying with me to the music. Not really dancing, but we both swayed to the music in place.
Lila pulled me closer to her. Now we were kind of slow dancing. We were holding each other and swaying. There was still room between us. Our bodies weren't touching. I searched for Stuart's eyes, he smiled at me.
As we danced Mark moved the tables out of the way. Lila kept direct eye contact with me. Closer and closer. Our faces were inches apart. She pulled me to her, and dancing to the music she kissed me. I kissed back. As I kissed her I thought about who was watching. My husband, two co workers, a guy who works for me, four guys who work with my husband. All these guys were watching me kiss a girl. I wondered if they thought I was a slut yet.
Mark, ever the shy one got up and sandwiched Lila between he and I. She leaned against him and ground her ass into him. Then she put her hands behind her neck and under her long hair. She pulled it forward over her shoulder.
She looked over her shoulder at Mark and said, "Would you be a dear. This dress is killing me.
It took a Mark a moment to realize what she was asking but when he did he grabbed her zipper and pulled it down. The dress was still clasped at the neck.
We already knew she wasn't wearing panties. Now we knew she wasn't wearing a bra. She continued dancing with me. Her hands went to the hem of my dress. She slid it up so you could see my stocking tops and some skin.
"Sexy." She said. "Hey Stuart. Your wife looks sexy in stockings.
The other guys watched the show between Lila and I. Lila then got an evil grin.
"Sean, don't you work for Karen?" she asked.
Sean was sitting there open mouthed.
"Well?" she repeated.
Sean nodded his head.
"Do you think your boss looks sexy in stockings?" She asked.
My heart was beating like crazy. Here I was, in front of my husband, four of his co workers, three of my co workers. One who worked for me. Monday I'd have to face them knowing they'd seen me like this.
I held my breath waiting for Sean's answer.
Sean nodded his head.
"What?" said Lila.
"She looks hot," Sean admitted.
My dirty side liked that the guy who worked for me thought I was hot.
Then she got behind me, arms around my waist, pulling my ass into her. We swayed to the music.
"You are one sexy woman," she whispered in my ear.
I moaned.
"I want to see more," she went on.
I felt her hands go to the hem of my skirt. We swayed to the music.
"Show me that thong," she whispered.
I looked at Stuart, then, swaying my hips to the music I slowly pulled the hem of my dress up over my thong all the way to my waist. There I was, in front of all those men, men who knew me, showing my thong, stockings, and heels.
"That's good," whispered Lila. "Everyone's looking at you."
I moaned and continued to sway my hips with Lila.
Mark came over and with his hands on my hips started grinding against me and pushing me into Lila. I moaned again.
"Stuart," Lila said. "I think Karen's going to lose that dress."
I moaned again. I wanted to rip it off I wanted everyone to see me.
Mark's hands again went to the hem of my dress. I kept thinking. 'This is Stuart's co worker. I shouldn't let him do this. But the fact that it was Stuart's co worker made it dirtier and sluttier.
As he pulled my dress up I raised my arms up to allow it to slip off over my head easier. Lila turned me to her. She pushed me back against Mark. His hands went to my breasts. Lila kissed me. Before today I'd never kissed a girl. I could not believe I was doing it half naked in just a thong and stockings, in front of all these people who knew Stuart and I, and, not only that, I loved it. I kissed back passionately.
I then remembered Lila's dress was unzipped, and that she wasn't wearing underwear. I looked at the couches where the rest of the guys were still sitting.
"Enjoying the show boys?" I asked
Head nods, calls of yes, I heard one oh my god yes, all came from the couch. Only blush and Sean didn't answer.
"Well watch this," I said. I reached around Lila's back and undid the clasp that held her dress on.
She smiled. She took a step back, shrugged her shoulders, and let the dress slide off of her. It pooled around her feet. She looked amazing in just heels.
She stepped forward and kissed me. I couldn't believe how wet I was. I swear if anyone had breathed on my clit I would have come. Every nerve in my body was on edge.
Then she led me to Stuart. "You don't mind your sexy little wife being naked in front of all these guys, do you?" she asked.
"She looks amazing," was all he said.
Then she turned to Sean. Sean tried to avoid looking at me or her.
"Did you ever think you'd see her naked?" she teased.
He didn't answer.
"Well," she pushed.
"No," he said, still avoiding her glance.
I thought about Sean. I'd hired him six months ago. He was a great looking kid. For the rest of his life he'll remember me naked. My hand went to my breast. I absentmindedly started playing with my nipple.
Still standing in front of Stuart she said, "I don't know about Karen, but I need to get fucked." She looked at Mark. "You said you guys could handle it." She smiled.
Mark stepped up to her.
"Hold on," she said. She again looked at Stuart. "I think your little slut wife needs her panties off. But, if you take them off her, your co workers and hers are going to fuck her," she said.
I looked at Stuart. I wanted him to get me out of there, I wanted him to take my panties off me. I wanted him to take me to our room and fuck me. I wanted him to fuck me right there. I wanted him to push me on the bed and hold my legs open so these guys could all get their cocks in me. I wanted it all.
Stuart reached out, grabbed my panties by the waist, and slid them down my legs. I stepped out of them.
He looked at me and said, "I love you baby," and then to Lila, "Fuck the slut."
Mark didn't wait, he had his cock out right away. He pushed me to my knees in front of him and stuck it in my mouth. I moaned as I took as much as I could. I thought how slutty it was sucking my husbands co workers cock in front of my husband. My hand went to the shaft and started jerking it.
"That's it?" asked Lila "None of the rest of you wanted to get your hands on that ass?"
It was a bit surreal this beautiful naked woman encouraging these people to fuck me. It was also hot as hell to be talked about like an object.
Baldy got up and started undressing. Here was a fat, bald, older guy I would never have dated, never mind fucked, but I knew, at that moment I would take his cock anywhere.
He also stuck his cock in front of my face. I started going back and forth between the two cocks. They felt good. Soft skin with a hardness to them. There was precum on the tips. I used my tongue to lick it off. I enjoyed the taste.
Lila grabbed Keith by the hand.
"Haven't you always wanted to fuck her? Look at that ass," she said. I wiggled my ass a bit. I saw Keith get up and heard his clothes rustling. I felt him kneeling behind me. He couldn't quite reach my pussy. I pulled on Mark and Baldy's cocks so they got on their knees. Then I tilted my ass up. Now I felt his cock align with my pussy. I felt the tip against my pussy.
"That's it, do it," I moaned.
His cock slid into me. My first strange cock since I got married and it was from a co worker. In front of my husband. I came with a loud, "Mmmmm... that's good."
Keith continued to fuck me. I kept trying to suck the two cocks in front of me.
"Fuck that's hot," I heard Lila say. "Now it's my turn."
I saw her drop to her knees in front of John. "I think I'll start here," she said. She unbuckled his pants, pulled out his cock, and with a loud, "Mmmmmm," took it between her lips and started sucking on it.
She looked at kid, wiggled her ass and said, "There's more."
Kid didn't need anymore encouragement. He was out of his clothes and fucking Lila from behind in no time. I heard an "ummph," each time he pounded her.
I looked at Mark and Baldy. "I need some cum," I said. I continued to stroke baldy's cock while concentrating on sucking Mark's. I wanted to make him cum. I timed my strokes with Keith's cock pounding me from behind. I knew the term 'Spit Roasted'. The thought made me cum again.
"God yes," I moaned around Mark's cock.
I really started paying attention to Mark's cock.
"Come on Mark," I said. "You know you wanted this. Show me how much. Cum for me."
I felt his cock twitch I knew he was about to cum. I started jerking his cock.
"Tell me where you want to cum," I said. "My mouth, my face, my hair, anywhere you want."
Mark grabbed my hair, "Your face," he croaked.
I kept jerking his cock. "Go ahead baby, paint my face, cum all over it, give it to me, you know you want to."
I was still talking when the first spurt hit me in the face. My mouth was partially open and some hit me in the mouth. I closed my mouth and swallowed. I kept jerking his cock after spurt after spurt hit me on the cheeks, lips, and chin. With the cock in my cunt still pumping me and the cum hitting my face, I came again.
"Fuck yes," I cried. "Fuck that feels good."
Then with my cum covered face I looked at baldy. "You're next," I smiled and licked my lips. He wasted no time in sticking his cock in my mouth.
"Mmmmmmm," I sighed.
I looked over at Lila. She had John's cock in her mouth and Kid's cock in her pussy. She had her other hand wrapped around blush's cock. Blush had his eyes closed and head back.
Sean was sitting by himself. I'm not sure he knew where to look, but his hands were on his lap rubbing his cock through his pants.
Keith started pumping me harder.
"That's it Keith, cum for me. Fuck me. FUCK ME!" I hissed as my orgasm washed over me.
That was it for Keith. I think he tried to pull out but the first jets of cum hit the walls of my pussy. The rest landed on my ass and back.
Lila looked over and took her mouth off John's cock. "Go fuck the slut," she said.
John got up, flipped me on my back and started pumping my cum filled cunt. It felt amazing. Baldy stuck his cock back in my cum covered face and I continued to jerk and suck him.
Lila moved her mouth to blush's cock. I think he almost cried when she took him in her mouth. With her hands she was undoing Sean's pants, but the thrusts from kid were making it hard to do so.
Finally she just looked at him and said, "Pull that cock out."
With his cock free she used one hand to pump Sean's shaft, with the other she pumped blush's cock between her lips, and she kept fucking kid.
I let baldy's cock slip from my lips.
"Look at me baby," I said to Stuart. "If I had known your co workers had such nice hard cocks I would have started fucking them years ago."
Just as I pulled baldy's cock back in my mouth, I smiled at him with cum drying on my face and said, "Anywhere you want." Then started sucking him again.
I was getting tired on my back. I flipped over and rolled John on his back and straddled his cock. Riding him like that I could put more pressure on my clit. With a loud moan I came again.
Lila pushed kid to the floor next to John and straddled his cock. She pulled blush to where she could continue to suck him. You could tell blush was about to lose it.
"That's it," Lila coaxed. "Fill my mouth. Give me that load."
Blush exploded in her mouth. She wrapped her lips around it but some escaped dribbling down her chin.
She turned to me with a big smile and opened her mouth. She still had a mouth full of cum. She leaned in and kissed me pushing the cum into my mouth. Some got all over our lips and faces. I swallowed all I could.
That was it for kid. "Fuck, I'm going to cum," he said.
"That's it, cum for me, fill my cunt," Lila responded.
"Fuck yes," I heard from kid as he unloaded into Lila's pussy.
"Oh god," Lila sighed as her orgasm met his.
Again I wrapped my cum covered lips around baldy's cock. With both hands I pumped his cock as he fucked my face.
"Come on my tits," I said.
Baldy pulled out of my mouth as jet after jet of hot cum splashed on my tits and belly.
John saw that and pumped a load into my cunt. As I climbed off him I could feel the cum dripping down my leg. I slid down and took John's cock in my mouth to clean it off. My ass was again in the air. I felt a cock against my pussy. When I looked it seemed Mark was hard again and wanted to fuck me.
"Mmmmmm yes," I moaned. So you want Stuart's slut wife's cunt as well?" I said as he entered me.
Just then I heard Kid say, "Fuck I'm going to cum."
"Yes. Baby, cum in my sloppy cunt. Give me a hot load," she begged.
He grunted and shot his cum into her hot pussy. She moaned.
Sean still sat outside the action not knowing what to do. Lila pushed Mark and I over. I was straddling his cock. Next thing I knew I feel something hot and sticky on my ass. I looked and Lila was sticking her fingers up her cunt and gathering cum and her juices and rubbing them on my ass. I felt her fingers probe my ass, first one, then two, then three. Stuart had fucked my ass before, but the feeling of Lila probing my ass while Mark was in my pussy was completely different.
"Lean forward," said Lila as she pushed my chest into Mark forcing my ass up and spreading my cheeks.
She grabbed Sean by the hand. "Ever fuck your boss' ass before," she asked with a laugh. She pulled him behind me and positioned his cock at the opening of my ass.
As soon as the tip touched my asshole I came with a shudder.
"Ooooo, did you see that Stuart," Lila cooed. "The little slut can't wait to be DPed. Or maybe it's the fact that Sean works for her. What kind of a slut lets her employee fuck her in the ass.
I moaned and came again
Lila laughed.
Sean pushed forward
"Slowly," coaxed Lila.
I could feel Sean's cock rubbing against Mark's separated by only a thin membrane. I never felt so full. I came again.
Lila looked at me. "That's hot, let's make her a three holed slut," she said.
John stuck his cock in my mouth.
Lila laid on her back next to me. "Someone fuck me," she said.
Blush, obviously over his shyness, climbed on top of her. His cock easily slid into her messy pussy. Meanwhile I was getting a rhythm with baldy, Mark, and Sean.
"That's it Sean, fuck my ass. Fill it with cum. Monday at work you can picture your cock in my ass as I go over your work for the week. Fuck me."
"That's it," Lila chimed in. "Fuck the sluts ass."
"Oh god Stuart," I moaned. "Did you ever imagine your wife as a three holed slut."
Stuart had his cock out and was jerking it. "You look fucking hot," he said.
Lila looked at Keith, baldy, and kid. "Someone cum on me. I love cum on my skin," she said. She started jerking off Keith and baldy.
I came again. This time it was a wave of pleasure washing over my body. I could feel it in my hair and toes.
"Yes, yes, yes, God yes, fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck my cunt, fuck my face," I screamed in orgasm. I was sure anyone in the next room could hear me. "God, give me that cum, give it to me. Fill my ass. Fill my mouth. Fuck me."
Lila, lying on her back was being fucked by blush. She had Keith and Baldy's cocks in her hands and was jerking them off. "That's it guys. Cum on my tits. Cum on my face. Cum for me."
Kid was standing above her and I jerking his cock.
Baldy let out a loud moan. Jet after jet of hot cum hit Lila in the belly and tits. Some landed on my back.
The sight of that was it for Sean. I felt his cock start pulsing in my ass.
"That's it Sean. Cum in my ass. Fill it up. Monday you can picture me with an ass full of cum."
I felt the hot jets hit the walls of my ass. As I did I felt Mark start to cum as well. Two cocks pulsing inside me was too much. I came with a scream.
"Oh my god, YES!" I cried.
I let go of John's cock. He kept stroking it. Hot ropes of cum squirted out and caught me in the face and hair.
I just lay there feeling Sean and a Mark's cocks go soft inside me. I turned my head to watch Lila. She was on her back, blush pounding away at her pussy, Holding onto kid and Keith's cocks and jerking them. I just watched.
Blush started to cum. His whole body shuddered. He made a weird sound and then rolled off of Lila and lay on his back. I could see cum dripping out her pussy.
Keith immediately stuck his cock in her cunt and started pumping her. I could see cum squeeze out of her messy cunt with each thrust. Kid stuck his cock in her mouth.
"Mmmmmmm," she moaned.
"That's it," I said. "Fuck the slut. She turned me into a slut so fuck her."
I could see her body shudder as another orgasm pulsed through her. Kid pulled his cock out of her mouth and started stroking it. Cum sprayed all over her tits and belly. Keith grunted and filled her cunt with another load.
She lay there for a minute and then she pushed me off Mark and rolled me on my back. She straddled my face. I'd never eaten a woman. I stuck my tongue out, the mix of her pussy mixed with 3 loads of cum inside her was intoxicating. I started licking and sucking her pussy clean.
Lila looked at Stuart. "Come fuck your wifes messy cunt."
Stuart knelt between my legs, and slid his cock into me.
"I love you," he said.
I came again.
=========================
Thank you for reading. Please don't forget to vote, favorite, and comment.