After my steps show, I was in a sexy exhibitionist mood, craving attention.
Dressing after my shower, I chose a sheer blouse with a lacy half bra that slightly exaggerated my cleavage, the dark of my nipples evident in the right light. I topped it off with a cardigan draped over my shoulders in case I attracted too much attention, although I wasn't sure if there was such a thing.
Choosing a light grey pleated skirt, short, just above mid-thigh, I picked out a dark pair of thong panties, which would show under the light skirt, the same way white panties show under a black one. The hemline showed a generous amount of flesh, sitting just far enough below my cheeks to be decent if I didn't bend and was careful while sitting.
I'd picked it out thinking about the spiral steps to the study hall where the neighbour and his geek voyeur friends lurked, knowing the bottom curve of my cheeks would come into view as I climbed them. The study hall and library should also be fun as when I sat. My skirt would ride high over my thighs. Who knows who might be trying to catch a glimpse?
Walking briskly across the campus, I enjoyed the feeling as the breeze flicked the hemline up, the skirt flipped over my cheeks, briefly exposing my panties, and the admiring glance from male students made me wish I was bare underneath.
As usual, my neighbour and his computer club friends were gathered near the bottom of the stairs. I gave him a smile which he returned shyly, and then I walked up. I didn't need to turn around to know I had admirers.
Stopping a few steps above head height, I pretended to fiddle with my book bag, glancing over my shoulder. I could see all eyes were in my direction. Heads turned slightly to get a better view of my skirt secretly. I swapped my bag to my other side and 'accidentally' caught the hem of my skirt on it, feeling my skirt ride up and over the bottom of my cheeks as I hooked it back over my shoulder. As I continued to climb, I gently tugged on the bag, my pleated skirt creeping up over my bare legs until my upper thighs gave way to exposed cheeks. I looked back at the top of the stairs and gave them a little wave.
The study hall was adjacent to the small library, I preferred the library in town, as it was a day away from college and obviously, I had other reasons to favour it.
Sitting at one of the library desks, I spread out my books. The seats were the generic 'school' type, and I could feel the lower part of my buttocks uncovered under me as the skirt rode up my smooth-toned runner's legs, which I liked showing off.
Glancing down to my hemline and up again, I could tell that if I hitched it up just a little more and opened my knees, my panties would be showing too. The thin material was pulling tight, riding up in a camel toe as I squirmed, the shape of my pussy showing through it.
The geek club, as I'd named them, minus my neighbour, had coincidentally appeared and miraculously found seats opposite to me and were making it no secret they were staring at my legs, although they thought they were being subtle.
I pretended to lean to my bag at the side of my seat, stretching out one leg and opening my thighs.
Glancing over, I knew they'd seen my panties because it had killed the little chatter between them. Getting up from my seat, I walked to a set of shelves just behind me and pretended to browse the books.
Looking back over my shoulder, I could see them leaning to check out my legs and backside as I stretched up to reach a book I didn't need. Knowing they'd probably had an eyeful as I'd stood out of my seat, I was enjoying the attention, my panties slightly damp, and I wondered how far I was willing to push this.
I browsed the books for a while, stealing glances at them stealing glances at me.
Then, heart hammering, I had a naughty urge. Pausing in the middle of the aisle, I checked that only the geeks were in eye-line, then making sure their attention was on me, I slowly, excitedly removed my panties.
The feeling of having nothing on underneath the flimsy skirt caused fluttering in my stomach as I walked back to the desk, the material now swishing against bare skin.
I had intended to take my panties off in the toilets and give the geeks a little show as I walked back down the stairs, but as I popped my panties in my bag, I thought this was much more exciting.
I walked back, keeping eye contact with them. All three seemed to be holding their breath and were looking slightly uncomfortable in the trouser department.
My thighs twitched as I sat with my knees pressed firmly together. I had the geek's full attention as my skirt rode up and my legs came back into view, feeling the hem slide up my thighs as I relaxed back in the seat. I wondered what their reaction would be if I allowed them to see up my skirt and tried to imagine what the view would be like from the opposite side of the room. I 'accidentally' parted my knees, revealing the sparse, trimmed hair and damp lips under my skirt, becoming more than a little moist between my legs.
I sat like that for a good few minutes, enjoying the feeling of nothingness under my skirt, their greedy eyes, and the dare of it, knowing I'd probably leave a 'spot' on the seat.
They were trying not to look as if they were staring, which only made it more obvious, so for a few brief seconds, I reached between my legs and parted my lips by running a finger between them, feeling the cool air on the damp as I exposed myself further.
The geeks were staring fixedly, openly between my legs as one, their eyes wide, glazed over, making no pretence or effort to check the line of their gaze. They kept staring happily, nudging each other, mouths agape, working soundlessly like goldfish, not believing their luck.
As I suddenly closed my legs and stood, gathering my bag, it was like they'd been slapped awake from a dream. The following mad, comical scramble for the door meant they were hoping to catch me on the way down the steps and get to the bottom before I started down them to miss nothing. They filed past, walking quicker than usual, almost cartoon-like, as they averted their eyes, not wanting me to catch their eye.
There were few students that day, and sure enough, the only group standing around were the geeks at the bottom of the stairs. Looking over the railing at the geeks below. I secured my bag over my shoulder and moved my hands to my hem. The spot between my thighs became wetter at the thought of what I was about to do.
My face flushed with excitement, not embarrassment. I strolled into view and started to walk slowly down the steps. Holding my skirt against my bare legs at the top, slowly raising it until I could feel the bottom of my cheeks exposed, raising it further as I got halfway down the steps, flipping the front up so that my pussy was on display to those below.
My heart was beating as the geeks stood open-mouthed again, not speaking or wanting to break the spell. I hesitated, very briefly, at head height, giving them a clear view between my legs.
As I reached the bottom steps other students walked past as I let my skirt drop back down over my legs, doing a little double take, unsure if they'd seen anything. The thrill that ran through me made my legs tremble. I needed to touch myself. I could have gone into the ladies, which would have been the sensible thing. I was so close it wouldn't have taken much to get me off, however...
There was a photo booth adjacent to the stairs, empty, right there waiting for students who needed a photo for their pass, tucked away at a bend in the corridor, hardly used. The geeks almost flinched as I confidently walked towards them and asked, 'do you have enough coins for the booth?'
They looked panicked, either not expecting me to speak to them after the 'show' or stunned because a female was talking to them. Quickly checking pockets, bags and wallets, they came up with enough for a set of photos. I took the money from the slightly shaky hand offering it and said, 'wait here.'
Ducking behind the little curtain, I adjusted the seat as high as it would go, bent over it, arched my back and pushed my hips out. Looking over my shoulder, I made sure the short hem of my skirt was over the backs of my thighs and buttocks. I moved my feet apart, and a tiny peek of pussy showed. Happy with that, I tried a couple of more poses before putting the coins in the slot.
Flash...the booth lit up, and I could see primarily be-speckled faces trying to peer in through the tiny gaps between curtain and booth.
Turning, I leaned back against the seat on tiptoes and lifted my skirt with one hand making sure my pussy was reflected in the glass, covering it with my fingers, so just a tiny bit of moisture dampened slit and pubes showed.
Flash...the booth lit up for a second time.
I bit my lip to stifle a groan as I cupped my pussy and pushed a finger in, working it frantically.
Flash...Flash...the camera went off twice more.
Nearing orgasm, I added a second finger, one foot on the stool exposing smooth inner thigh, the glass holding a reflection of my fingers pushing me open, the sight bringing a need for more as a moan escaped my lips.
Flash...went the camera again.
Gasping, I sat on the stool, skirt around my waist, hand between my legs, as I pulled the curtain back.
All morning I'd enjoyed the thrill of wearing a skirt that showed my panties and cheeks with the slightest breeze, the library naughtiness and teasing on the stairs. Now I wanted to show off, exposed as I brought myself to orgasm. I needed them to see each slippery stroke of my fingers between my legs, my inner thighs wet as I began to reach orgasm.
My gasps seemed to match those of the geek audience crowded around the booth as I removed my hand from between my legs, exposing my slit.
I fingered my clit quickly, bringing me off and...Flash... the camera took its final picture.
Pulling the curtain shut, I cleaned up with wet wipes and tissues, depositing the damp mess in a bin as I exited the booth. The geeks were all speechless, except one who very polity said, 'thank you.'
I smiled saying. 'If you think that was fun, wait until my neighbour passes on a party invite.'
I said it, not knowing if I meant it, yet intrigued at what might happen and excited by the idea of showing off again.
A loud click sounded as the pictures popped out, and I handed them to the boys. There was nothing to identify me unless you knew what my pussy looked like, which I guess the geeks did now, so I said.
'Souvenir' and made my way home, smiling at the thought of them masturbating over the pictures.