I was already finishing up this chapter when a reader (pinkrogue) made a fantastic suggestion for a follow-up chapter. It didn't fit here but eventually, we'll see Cindi on stage.
In the meantime enjoy this chapter and as always, I encourage feedback. Please leave a comment or send me a note. I appreciate each and every one (and I may take your suggestions and work them into future chapters!)
****
Cindi dropped the tux jacket the second she was through the hotel room door. Completely nude, she walked across the room and opened the door to the balcony. She stepped out and looked around. The outer wall of the balcony was frosted glass, anyone looking from the other side could probably make out the vague shape of her legs, but not that she was nude. Well, not unless they looked at her upper half, which made it clear she was without clothes. Unfortunately for Cindi's current state of mind, despite the unobstructed view, there was no one to see her. She had a lake facing room, which meant there were no other buildings to look at, which meant there were no people that could "accidentally" see her fucking Gary. And she planned on fucking Gary.
Gary followed her into the room but hadn't yet ventured out to join her. Leaning over the handrail, Cindi turned her head to look back to check on his whereabouts. He was standing a few steps back from the doorway, admiring the view of the naked popstar's posterior.
"You coming out here?" she asked as she turned her head away from him, and bent over a little more. Her cheeks spread enough to give him a clear view of her cunnie, her arousal very apparent.
"I suppose that's the question, isn't it. Seems you want me to come out there. I suspect you'd like to cum out there too." he said with a wink. Cindi laughed.
"I swear I'm not usually like this. I've never... I had no idea I could be this excited." she told him. "Now get out here, and fuck me."
Gary looked past Cindi for a moment. She may have discovered her exhibitionist side, but he hadn't. He wasn't exactly keen on being seen nude, but given the choice between maintaining his sense of privacy and having sex with Cindi, his choice was fairly easy. It was made even easier as he realized how private the balcony would really be. It just gave the feeling out being outside, so in a way, it was the best of both worlds.
"Should I bring a blanket out for you to lay on?" he asked as he disrobed.
"Nope, I'm not gonna lay down. You're going to fuck me standing up," she told him, wiggling her ass at him. If he hadn't already been hard, his cock would have stiffened upon hearing that. As it was, his dick throbbed as he approached her.
Gary put his hands on her hips and she stood up and leaned back. His hands slide up her sides, cupping her breasts and his cock pressed against her ass cheeks.
"Mmmmm." she let out a soft moan as he squeezed her tits. "You're a good guy, right? Promise me something, Gary?"
"What's that?" he asked, kissing her neck. She turned her head as he lifted his, so they were face to face.
"Promise me..." she leaned in and kissed him passionately for a moment before pulling her head away. She leaned forward, so again her top half was over the edge of the balcony and her ass was pressed against his crotch. "Promise me that tonight, you won't be a good guy. That'll you'll treat me like a whore."
She lifted her legs, so she was on her toes, Gary's cock now just below her pussy lips. "Promise you'll fuck me."
Gary responded by thrusting, his cockhead splitting her lips and driving itself deep into her in one fluid motion. She gasped at the sudden penetration but quickly began moaning as he slid back and forth. Gary leaned his upper body back a bit as he thrust forward, then as he pulled out, he gave her a playful slap on the ass. She squealed with delight, encouraging him.
"EEE. Yes. Slap that ass." He slapped it a second and third time, harder and rougher. "Fuck, Spank me."
Gary thrust his dick deep inside of her, and reached up and grabbed her hair. He pulled, forcing her to stand back up. Her head was tilted up as far as it could go, when, still deep inside of her, he whispered into her ear. "Don't tell what to do."
Still holding her hair taut, he pulled out and thrust into her hard to punctuate his point.
"You can ask." He thrust again, making her yip in both pleasure and a bit of pain.
"You can beg." He repeated his hard thrust. "But don't tell me."
He released her hair and grabbed her hips, she fell forward again as he began thrusting much faster and shallower. She moaned in pleasure. "Yes, yes. Just like that. Treat me like a slut."
Gary couldn't believe it. He was fucking Cindi and she was begging him to use her. He had taken a bit of a gamble when he grabbed her hair, that was definitely not something he did the first time he had sex with a woman, but clearly, it was paying off. He grabbed her hair again and pulled her back up. He pulled out of her and spun her around so they were face to face. She had given him a great handjob in the limo at the start of the evening, she had even put her lips on his dick when he came, but he suddenly realized he hadn't actually gotten to enjoy her lips on his dick for nearly as long as he would have liked.
Seemingly reading his mind, Cindi dropped to her knees and began stroking his cock. "Can I have it?"
He looked down at her, her eyes wide as she asked just like he had told her to. "Can I put this in my mouth again. Please?"
Gary couldn't maintain the tough, macho act in the face of those eyes and that mouth so close to his cock. He smiled the widest, most genuine smile of his life.
She licked the tip of his cock quickly and repeated her pleas. "Please?"
"Yeah." he nodded, unable to do anything else. She dove on his dick immediately, swallowing almost all of his length. She slid back off of him and began stroking his cock with her hand. He pushed her hair out of her face as she began pumping his cock, her mouth and hand moving in rhythm. Gary looked out at the night sky as one of the most beautiful women on the planet sucked his cock. He enjoyed the quiet, almost imperceptible wet noises of her moment, and the interspersed louder noises of her taking a deep breath when she pulled her mouth off of him to breath. It was so pleasurable, that he didn't even notice the sound of the news helicopter. Cindi actually became aware of it and stopped what she was doing long enough to confirm what it was.
"I have an idea!" Cindi stood up quickly. "Follow me."
Cindi darted into the hotel room. Confused, Gary followed behind her. At first, he had assumed she wanted to hide from the new helicopter, but when he saw her at the door he wasn't so sure. She had the door open enough to poke her head outside and look around.
"Come on, there is no one around." She disappeared out the door. Gary stood in the middle of the hotel room trying to decide what to do. On one hand, all of this was very exciting but on the other, it was a bit much for a guy that sits on his couch and watches Netflix most evenings. While he deliberated, Cindi popped back inside.
"Well, come on!" She told him and took hold of his erection with one hand. She pulled him by his cock, and before he could react, he was being led out into the hallway. She continued to pull him by his dick as they walked down the hall towards the elevators.
"Where, where are we going?" The concern in Gary's voice evident.
Still walking, Cindi resumed stroking his shaft before she responded. "Does it matter?"
"Ahhhh." Gary tried to say it didn't, but her fingers were doing their job a little too well and he wasn't able to form words.
As they approached the elevators though, the sound of a loud ding snapped him back to reality. He was naked in public, and the elevator was about to open. And since the naked woman he was with was one of the most famous in the world, this embarrassing story wasn't going to be regulated to a crazy anecdote for a guest of the hotel, it was likely going to be on the front page of the TMZ by midnight.
"Oh my god!" Cindi cried, as she too realized what was happening. The pair bolted for the stairwell and managed to have the door almost closed behind them before the other guests had even stepped out of the elevator.
"Fuck, that was close," Cindi said, half laughing as she caught her breath.
"Yeah." he agreed and began thinking about how they were going to get back to the hotel room unseen.
"God, I'm so hot." She grabbed him and pulled him in, kissing his mouth and reaching down to grab hold of his rock hard cock. She stroked him as she kissed, her mouth pressing hard into him while her hand was a blur, jacking him off. He slipped his fingers into her cunnie, they slid in easily, her pussy soaked with excitement.
The two stood masturbating each other and making out wildly until they heard a door opening. It was from several floors below and it was clear from the muffled voices that they were headed down and away from Gary and Cindy but it was enough to break the moment. The two pulled away from each other. Gary began to open the door, to lead her back to the room when he felt her hand grab hold of his cock. Unlike before, her grip was tight, and not playful.
"Nuh-uh." Cindi shook her head. "Up."
She pulled him forcefully and led him up the stairs by his dick. They were nearly to the roof when she finally released her grip on his member and turned to him. "Stay put."
Cindi opened a door to the top floor and disappeared into the hallway. Gary stood on the landing of the stairway, unsure of what to do. He covered his groin with his hands as he waited uncomfortably, before realizing that he was completely alone and there was no need for modesty. He dropped his hands, looked around and had nothing to do. He was half tempted to masturbate but quickly realized that it was a bad idea. If a stranger were to find him in the stairwell nude, he'd have a hard time explaining himself, adding masturbating in public to the situation would only make it worse. Plus, the last thing he needed to do was finish before Cindi returned. Speaking of which, did seem to be gone for a long time at this point. Had she been caught? Or had she abandoned him? He was just starting to entertain those thoughts when the door opened and Cindi popped back into the stairwell carrying a towel.
"Did you bring me one?" Gary asked, unsure why she was carrying the towel over her arm and not around her body.
"This is for you, silly," she told him, even as she took hold of his cock once more and led him up to the rooftop.
The roof wasn't made to host guests, it was purely functional, with vents and grates scattered across the concrete. Cindi led him over to a large vent and laid the towel down beside it. It was big enough to block their view from one side, but the otherwise open area left them visible from the other three directions, never mind from straight above.
"Lay down." She told him, which he did. The towel wasn't as long as he was, so his legs and feet touched the concrete, but it was comfortable on his back.
"Umm, okay?" he said, looking up at her. She stood above him, hands on her hips.
"I was going to just fuck you, but I want another taste of that cock," she told him, pointing to his erection, which was pointed up towards her. Before he could say anything she was lowering herself on top of him, so his face was below her pussy and her mouth as about his dick.
"Why are we..." Gary's question was cut off as lowered her pussy onto his mouth and wrapped her lips around his cock. He took the cue and began licking her as she bobbed her head up and down his shaft. Both moaned in pleasure at the work the other's mouth was doing, which in turn sent vibrations through her pussy and his cock, which caused even more pleasure.
Again, it was Cindi who heard the helicopter first. She kept her head down as she lifted herself off Gary and spun herself around before climbing back on. Face to face, she reached between them and took hold of his member, guiding it into place at the entrance of her pussy.
"Cindi. The news..." She cut him off with a kiss. When she was finished, she remained face to face, so their noses almost touched.
"If we do this right, my hair should cover my face." She told him. Her hair did hang down, her elegant updo long since ruined by his grabbing and pulling back in the hotel room. "Are you ready to fuck on live tv?"
The truth was they didn't actually know if the news helicopter could see them yet, and even if it had, if it was broadcasting live. But it could be, and that was clearly what was exciting Cindi at that moment. She had gone from never having had an exhibitionist tendency to the most extreme possible outlet in a matter of hours. Gary was well beyond caring and just wanted to fuck the gorgeous creature that was laying on top of him.
"Oh, I'm going to fuck you," he told her. "Like the slutty whore that you are. And if you're lucky, I won't show the world your face."
Gary reached up and grabbed her ass, pulling her down and impaling her with his cock. She squealed with delight and bounced up and down, fucking him. The helicopter swung around the building and spotted the couple. Neither looked, but the cameraman was strapped in and leaning out to get a clear shot. After the nude display on the red carpet, they had mobilized the chopper, but even then hadn't expected to get this graphic a display.
Cindi pulled her hair in front of her face and sat up. Her face was covered as she continued to ride Gary, begging him. "Fuck me, yes, fuck me. I want the world to watch you fuck me."
Gary raised his arms and fondled her breasts, and she put hands on his chest for leverage and she wriggled and thrust her hips, trying to get his cock deep inside her cunnie.
"Oh god. You feeling amazing." Gary cried out.
"Yes. Fuck me. Fuck me with this hard cock." she moaned.
"You're such a slut," he told her, squeezing her tits as he spoke. "Finding an excuse to show off your body. Sucking my cock on our first date."
"Oh god. Yes. I'm a slut. I'm your slut." she cried out as if she wanted to drown out the helicopter, still hovering high above them. As much as the cameraman wanted to descend, the pilot kept a safe distance away.
"You came in public. You couldn't control yourself in front of all those cameras!" he continued. "Let's show everyone what a slut you are, cum again. Cum right now!"
Cindi reached down between them and began masturbating her clit as Gary's cock pounded her pussy. She screamed. "Oh god. OH GOD! I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING!!!"
"OH FUCK!!!" Gary joined her screams, as he squirted deep inside her cunnie.
Cindi pulled her hand out from between their sweaty bodies as her orgasm subsided. She laid down on top of him for a brief moment, kissing him affectionately. He smiled as he looked up at her. She smiled back.
"So...how do we get inside without being seen?" he asked.
A moment later the pair was laughing and running towards the door, their arms raised high holding the towel above them so it blocked their faces from the camera high above them. As the door slammed closed behind them, Gary snuck another peek at Cindi's hot body.
"That was a hell of a first date," she told him.
He smiled and nodded in agreement. "I can't wait to see what you have in mind for the next one!"
****
Thanks for reading, please let me know what you liked or didn't like. I want all the constructive feedback I can get!