Pity Fuck
Copyright August 2023 by Fit529 Dotcom (Started 2021)
== Disclaimers: ==
Everyone's over 18, they're all in college
All the names have been changed because life is embarrassing enough
== Chapter: Struck and Flat ==
I awoke lying flat.
Slowly coming to awareness, I realized I was lying on the floor in a clothing shop.
I looked around.
Okay, it was the Save-U-Thrift store...?
It looked familiar, but thoughts were coming slowly. The feeling was like waking from a deep dream, it felt like. How long had I been out?
Looking upwards at the ceiling, then slightly to the side at racks hanging over me, I realized I was behind some shelves near the back so no one had noticed me. Not many people were in the store, so it wasn't surprising.
Why I was there came back to me. I still hadn't moved much. I just lay there, getting my bearings.
Tuesday afternoons were the best times to go to a thrift store... so... was it Tuesday?
People donated stuff on weekends, and it took the staff a day or two to get things priced and onto shelves.
Some memories were returning. I'd come there not for the timing (fortuitous as it was) but because I really needed a frying pan. My apartment purchases had only included the one, and my roommate had run cold water on my old one while it was hot, twisting it into a warped mess.
I wasn't happy!
Aggravatingly, I'd watched him do it, screaming to stop but... too late. He didn't know -- basically, he's an idiot. Granted, for sure, I was also an idiot about some things, but even I knew that you don't put a super-hot frying pan under cold water.
All this flashed in my head (why I was there, where I was) looking upwards at the ceiling.
The problem remained how I'd ended up on the floor.
Time to stand up, so I tried. The store was big, but in a college town it got lots of business, I'd not be alone forever.
Getting on my feet was a process! I was still discombobulated. Why, though? What had done this?
Looking on the floor next to me, I saw a small, dull, used-but-ornate wood box, with dulled-metal (silver?) inlays. It came back to me -- I'd picked it up, and realized I could press the buttons on both sides at the same time and maybe it would open. I think it did, maybe... and I think I got an electric shock before things went black.
The sticker on it said $3, which in thrift store terms meant they had no idea if someone would buy it. I'd been in this store a lot, I knew their patterns.
Really, I had to shop there for essentials - I had nearly no money, I was a destitute college student.
Looking at the cause of my demise, I figured I might as well be the _complete_ sucker and buy it. It did look interesting, and if the box shocked people enough to make them pass out, great, I'd let my roommate pick it up. It'd serve him right for wrecking my pan.
That reminded me, I had to get a pan.
Wandering over, I found they had no pans.
That is, they had two pans, but both were Teflon and scratched to high heaven, so, no, they had no pans. I didn't need teflon shards in my food. I really just needed a big cast-iron skillet. The hardware store next door had them, but they were pricey and I was on a student loan budget of zero dollars and one cent for non-essentials. Well, almost -- the $3 box I was holding was justifiable revenge money if I could trick Dave into pressing the buttons.
Grumbling, I dreamed up elaborate plans of shaving one of his eyebrows when the box made him faint. Fun to think about. I'd never do it. I did like him well enough, but in a friendly tolerate-the-idiot-college-roommate way.
Trudging up to the front, the older lady (a new employee, I didn't recognize her) was behind the counter. She was wearing nice clothes, too nice to be working in a thrift store for minimum wage, so that meant she was slumming it -- doing this job so she could feel better about herself. I didn't fault her, she seemed nice enough. Maybe she actually was a good person.
She looked at me, and I could just tell looking in her eyes that she was saying to herself, 'he needs help'. Granted, she was probably right. I'd just gotten over being sick after an asthma attack and then not being able to sleep all night because the inhaler always makes me wired-up twitchy.
As I got to her register, she looked at the box I was holding. Feeling sad for myself, I started to drag out my wallet. I was sad about my state of affairs and the fact that $3 was a real expense.
She said, "Oh, I see that's mis-marked. That should be 50 cents."
Something about her tone said she was taking pity on me and I should accept the new price as a gift.
Handing her a dollar, she made change and got me a paper bag. "Here's a paper bag," she said conspiratorially, "so no one has to know you shop here."
Her attitude was odd, but I shrugged it off. Something about being knocked out had made me groggy, so I just trudged out, shoved the box in my backpack, hopped on my bike, and headed back to my apartment.
Outside was again the October-cool wind of northern Wisconsin. I went to the University of Wisconsin at Stevens Point, U.W.A.S.P., a fitting name for being filled with White Anglo-Saxon Protestants. The wind's uncomfortable-cool cut through my coat, but at least it was still above freezing.
Riding home, I hoped no one else would be burning leaves and set off my asthma again. On super-windy days, usually no one did, so that boded well.
My next class wasn't until 7 am the next day. Because of my asthma, I'd missed one class, Beginning Piano. I'd signed up for it to balance out my engineering workload but it had eaten up huge amounts of time practicing.
It wasn't lost on me that lots of my classmates already knew how to play and were taking it for the easy A, but I was just trying to be able to play scales with both hands at the same time.
Walking in my apartment, I saw my roommate Dave and his girlfriend, Carla, a girl frankly out of his league, sitting at the kitchen table. Carla was amazing. Dave was, well... sorta okay, I guessed, but not the brightest bulb. Sure, he was ethical, reasonably nice, okay looking maybe, but I profoundly didn't understand why she chose him.
He said, "Hey."
I was dejected more than angry. Angry went away with the cold wind. "I went to the thrift store. No pans, dammit. I need a new pan. I can't not have a pan. My cooking sucks enough as it is."
Carla considered, "Awww... What kind?" She had also witnessed the warping event the previous night since Dave was trying to impress her with his "mad-skillz" at the time.
I considered what could have been an offer from her. She had money, could afford anything, so I decided to try for the best kind I knew. "Hesitate to say this, but ... I've been watching this show, 'The Naked Baker' and she cooks on Amino a lot." I was naming a super-high-end set of cookware. I decided to hedge my bets. "... but also on cast iron, too. So, either way."
Her gaze got quizzical and kind of distant, like she was imagining, "So, is she naked, baking?"
Ducking back to hang up my coat, I answered sheepishly. It was kind of odd to talk with a girl about this stuff, but what the heck, she'd asked. I said, "Uh, yeah. It's ... sure, it's nice to watch her naked, she's pretty, but... mostly, she just explains things really well. It's aimed at people -- guys, really - who are super-n00bs at cooking. That's, uh, Exactly Me. She just makes sense, keeps it simple." I chanced being honest, "Plus, she's naked, way cool. Like, show up for the free boobs, also learn cooking. Kinda fun. And, she tells jokes, too, so, eye and brain candy."
She nodded, like it was almost reasonable.
I had a feeling she was going to make fun of me, but I kept going anyway. "I actually have learned stuff -- chopping onions, for instance. So, half entertainment, half learning."
"And... you like watching girls cook naked?" Her voice was almost distant, like she was imagining something. I thought she might be setting me up, wanting me to say the wrong thing so she could pile on criticism, but I didn't get that vibe.
Instead, I kept it honest. I chuffed, "Duh! Of course!"
Dave laughed, too, and Carla laughed with us though still like she was thinking.
We were silent a moment; Carla was deciding. Looking straight at me, she asked, "I bet you'd like it if I cooked for you naked."
I looked at Dave. He shrugged and looked at her oddly, then at me, then back at her. She was always more conservative than him, I think, so this was a surprising thing to ask. I had to answer truthfully,
"Uh, I guess, sure, you can cook naked for me anytime."
"Like, now?"
I looked at Dave again. This was a minefield. I couldn't exactly say yes, but I couldn't say no. I played it for laughs and said, "Ha! Okay, yeah - I'm sure Dave doesn't mind. Go ahead!"
Dave looked at me, kind of looked at the ceiling, shrugged, and said, "Whatever, sure."
Carla stood up, "Good. I'll get dinner going. It's 4:30, might as well."
She nodded, looked like she forgot something, and went into the living room around the corner.
I looked at Dave and said, almost softly, "I didn't really..."
Dave waved me off, "It's fine. I actually don't mind. She's so prudish most of the time, this'll be a totally welcome change. It's not like you looking at her prevents me from looking at her, might as well both get some sweet views."
I looked back at him with some feeling, like admitting I was weak, "Dude. Angelina broke up with me last spring, you know that. I've had a dry spell. I'm sorry if I, uh, look at her too much?"
He leaned forward and whispered, "Only naked for me once! 2 months! No sex - only BJ's! I wouldn't complain, you know -- seriously pretty -- but ... I live in hope. Maybe soon?"
I nodded. He didn't confide in me that much -- sometimes I didn't like him that much, he was a bit too much of the 'Cool-B-School' (business school types). I whispered back, sarcastically, "Yeah. Good luck with that. She owns any room she's in. Still, you might like being owned. She's amazing - smart, athletic, works hard on stuff, encouraging? I see her and just know."
"Know what?"
I considered, then said, "If I think, what's the ideal woman - the kind of lifelong stuff - great girlfriend, epic great wife-material, would handle like, all of it. Like, keep house, great cook... even raising like a dozen kids or something? That's the kind, I see, looking at her. Course, dunno, just seems... she's... amazing."
He nodded, considering my 'analysis'. "True. Sooooo true. Still, even apart from that - like, now? It's a Serious Tragedy, her body, unappreciated by mortal men like us."
I had to agree. We leaned back and waited, not knowing what was up.
I was still pretty envious, and all the while, I knew I'd never get a girl as pretty as Carla to go out with me, just as it was nearly unreasonable she was going out with Dave. The sense of loss deepened as I remembered Angelina. Carla being there almost rubbed it in what I didn't have. I just had to thank him, though. "Thanks for letting me interact like it doesn't matter, I'm glad you're not jealous."
He nodded, getting a far-off gaze in his eyes and kind of shrugging, like he was deciding something. "Actually, you're right. It doesn't matter to me. I'm not jealous."
We heard a clearing-throat noise from right around the corner. She said, "I heard that exchange."
Dave and I both sat back in our seats, wide-eyed, like we'd been caught.
She walked in.
Starkers.
Buck nekkid, as they say.
Tits-out, shining headlights, wowzers for my trousers... she was really there. Walking to the counter, she leaned a hip against it nonchalantly, like it was no big deal.
I glanced at Dave. His eyes flashed over her body, but then got quizzical and looked at her face, like he was trying to figure it out. For that matter, I was, too.
Wow.
She looked at me, and I had to look up to her eyes. "Kevin. So. What do you want?"
This had to be a joke. One massive, immense, make fun of Kevin joke. But, at the same time, her legs weren't tightly together to preserve any sense of privacy, she was standing like normal person stands if they're wearing clothes. It wasn't like a girl who's naked normally stands. At least, it seemed that way, I had very nearly no experience with naked girls around me.
Forcing my eyes to hers, I said (responding to the 'what do you want' question), "Uh... I can't say that out loud, lots of things...?" It was just as well, my eyes had already probably said it.
She smiled back at me, knowing what I meant, I think, and clarified, "For dinner?"
"Oh, that." I thought. My mind was a blank. "Spaghetti?"
She nodded, "Easy enough." She turned, looking through cabinets and getting out a stock pot for water, and the remaining pan we had, a medium saucepan designed for soup. She filled it with water, set it boiling, and got out some frozen hamburger from the freezer, setting it to microwave-defrost.
I watched all of this, the bouncing boobs, the undulating butt, the glimpses of her sex as she bent over, and just wondered at what kind of heaven I was in.
Getting things set, she asked, "So... Kevin. You said, 'can't say that out-loud', before. What can't you say? Is it a secret?"
"Uh... Not a secret, Carla."
She turned around, her eyebrows up, "Oh. I asked 'what do you want', you were going to say, what? You wanted to have sex, with me?"
Her eyes looked at mine.
I looked over at Dave. He had his phone out; seeing me look over he glanced up and said, kind of distantly, "Oh, like I said, Kev, I don't mind, not jealous. Plus, just remembered, I gotta look up SWIFT Networks on Investopedia for a paper tonight."
This could not be happening. And, it was. I said, responding to Carla's question directly, looking her in the eyes and answering her honesty with my own: "Yes? Absolutely, yes! You are super-gorgeous; I totally want to have sex with you! Dinner and sex, together, uh.. wow!"
Nodding in a way that said she was considering my answer, she turned back to her cooking, and I went back to staring at her butt.
"You're staring at my butt, aren't you."
"Yeah?"
"Like it?"
"Definitely."
"If you want to have sex, you'll need to warm me up. But, not before I get dinner ready. I'm kinda hungry, I didn't have much lunch today. Busy with calc." She kept cooking, getting water boiling, and not seeming to mind that she wasn't dressed.
Something occurred to me. "You... don't have a fry pan for the hamburger. What... uh..."
"Boil it. Easy solution. Pulls off a lot of the fat, too, it's healthier. I'm sure you'll like it, sir."
The addition of the word, 'sir' was not lost on me. At first, it seemed like I'd mis-heard her. "Did you just say, 'sir'?"
She laughed, still busy, chopping onions. "I guess I did. Silly of me. Just felt right. Feels right, you know? You are one -- a 'sir'. It's like, when you see one of those British men, all stiff-backed and formal, like, they're royalty, yeah, but they're just people at the same time? I guess I kinda see you that way?"
"I'm ... royalty?"
Her voice was confused, like she was still trying to figure it out. "Yeah, odd. True, but odd. Still, I've learned, sometimes it's better not to question something, and, like, just roll with it? You know? Like, how did I get in the same room and cooking for a high status guy like you, can't happen. But, it did. So, here I am. I hope my cooking is good enough for you."
"Uh... I'm sure..."
Dave piped in, "It'll be fine, Carla. Tell me what to do, how do I help?"
She directed him to get the dishes out, set the table with a tablecloth and everything. I was going to get up, but she bade me sit. "Got any wine?"
"No..."
She looked at Dave and said, "He deserves wine. Go get some."
Dave said, "I'm not old ..."
She nodded, "Oh, yeah. Forgot. Your uncle isn't here for a liquor run until the end of the month. My sister could..."
Dave said, "Don't bother your sister."
"Now that I think of it, doesn't matter, she's not in town. She has this D.C. thing working on some deposition, won't be back to Bemidji until next week, here the week after. Still - I'll get her to drop off some bottles when she gets back. Last time she said it was for, 'religious purposes' as long as we said a prayer over it at the meal. We had a good laugh."
She got busy with pulling out some canned fruit I didn't know we had, somehow turned toast and garlic powder into garlic bread, and made a simplistic jarred spaghetti sauce into a subtle meat sauce I was loving the smell of.
Getting the result on the table, she stood in front of me, facing me, her hands together in front of her abdomen in a way that seemed kind of motherly. "Kevin."
"Hm?" I was distracted by her body, but managed to look up at her face.
She smiled down at me and raised her eyebrows, "Sir. You asked for sex, and naked cooking. I've done the cooking, so, time for the sex now."
I wasn't going to refuse, but I was confused. "You... just put a beautiful dinner on the table, and it might get cold? I mean, can we have sex after dinner?" I also wanted to take my time, and that might mean, all night, or whatever I could get.
She was dismissive as if this was obvious, "Oh, no, can't be then. Once I'm done being a cook, I'm getting dressed again, and then it's no sex for you, sir."
This was confusing. "Uh, why?"
"Silly, I'm naked because you asked me to be. Part of that, you added, is having sex. But, once the original thing, the naked cooking thing, is done? Then, I'm going to go back to being my normal self, and, I'm pretty sure, and I'm not going to want to have sex with you then."
"But, now is okay?"
"Sure, now is."
"Will you feel bad later, if you have sex with me now?"
"Duh! No way! I love sex. I'll be happy I got to do some useful cooking, and the fact that it included sex is a bonus."
This was confusing to me, but I think I understood. "So, sex now, then." I stood up.
I looked over at Dave, still reading on his phone and making notes.
He motioned us out of the kitchen, "Please, not too long, this smells fabulous."
I asked, "Won't you feel bad if I have sex with Carla?"
"Duh! Like she said, no way! She's a beautiful naked cook. She's in charge of any room she's in. She says so. So, yeah - that means sex for you. No sex for me, until she says so. If she says, I have to have sex, but with... you, maybe? I'm not sure I'm into that, but I could, I guess..."
"Ohh, uh, no, I'm straight."
He looked relieved. "Good, that's more comfortable for me. Still, college. I might later."
"You're really free'd up right now, aren't you, Dave?"
"Sure. Can I watch you have sex with Carla? She's really pretty."
I just added a calm reply of, "Nooo, uh, we're just going to ... go to the bedroom for that."
"Okay."
This whole conversation was Way Beyond Surreal. I just had to go with it.
Carla took my hand and we went to my bedroom.
As we got there, she asked, "Shall I strip you, sir, or do you want to do it yourself?" She shut the door behind me and waited attentively.
"No, I've got it. Just... lie on my bed? Are you, uh, ready, sorta?"
She giggled, turning, "Silly, I've been ready since you suggested it. I've been so wet, cooking, I couldn't wait for you, but I had to." She pulled down the covers, and I was glad I did laundry the previous weekend and changed my sheets.
I stripped quickly; my cock sprang free from my underwear. I wondered if it was the right size, and since Carla was there, I said, "Carla, as part of this? As part of naked cooking, and ... sex, and ... all that, can you do something, like, from now on, like, forever?"
"Sure, what?"
"Always tell me the unvarnished truth... and, never think that any question I ask, no matter what the question is, is odd or strange. PLUS, any answer you give, it's all going to be perfectly normal, that you're answering every question I ever ask with perfect truth, okay?"
She thought about it. "Okay. Forever, not just tonight. So, my naked cooking for you will keep going, past tonight? That's part of it?"
I liked this idea! She'd be my cook, like, forever?
It made me think.
"Yes. And, you'll have sex with me, whenever I want to. Basically, you'll do what I say, like, uh, from now on?"
She contemplated some more. "Uh, I wanted to be a nurse-anesthetist. Do I have to give that up?"
"No, not at all! You can do whatever you want to." I decided to be encouraging. "You're smart. You can study anything, concentrate on it, you'll succeed at it. I'm sure, it'll be easy for you."
"Oh. Okay."
I was standing over her, my cock at 45 degrees, up and ready. I looked down her body towards her abdomen and had to appreciate her flat stomach and the rise of her mons. She had a nice straight landing strip created and the strip went over it.
She'd been idly pulling at her nipples, and her hand was rubbing her clit, slowly. Smiling at me, her eyes beckoned. Her voice turned kind of sultry. "Do you want to... fuck... now? Sir?"
I leaned forwards, and she pulled up and apart on her legs, opening herself up to me as I knee-walked up my bed to her. "Wow. You're beautiful."
"Thank you. It's good to know that."
Putting the head of my cock right up against her open lips, I painted it up and down her slit, and found indeed she was really wet. She felt incredible. I'd only had sex, maybe, 10 times in my life, and it was never like this, nowhere near as nice as this.
That is to say, I was kind of a wimp, in the looks department. I didn't have a lot of muscles, I wasn't exceptional that way, or really, any other way. My hair wasn't great, it just was, and my face didn't seem to make any girls gush, either. I was mostly just normal, I figured, maybe a little less than that, attractiveness-wise.
I asked, "How many times have you had sex, Carla?"
She said, fast, "Three. Three times. All with the same guy. He was ... a disappointment, we dated in high school. I've been holding off since then. Until you."
Pushing my cock in, I got past her entrance, but found she was incredibly tight on me.
She was smiling as I put it in, and said, "Oh, yes! That feels good! That's LOTS better!"
With a series of smaller thrusts, I pushed in until I was buried, all the way, and she was breathing hard and making little gasping sounds.
Going for a couple of minutes, even during the wonderous thing that was sex with her, I started wondering if anything I said to her would be an order. That is, would she carry it out? Would she keep doing whatever I said for the rest of her life, or mine? Or, would this really go away after the dinner was done?
How could anything as beautiful as her pussy be something I'd miss out on? I just had to treasure the moment, I decided, and pushed down on her legs so I could lie flat on top of her. I wanted the skin contact, and to kiss her.
She accommodated and was encouraging as I re-entered and started a slow and short-thrust rhythm that got her eyebrows up and a smile on her face.
Face to face, we kissed in an almost-tender moment.
She asked, "Sir... do you want me to... love you?"
How does one say no to that?!? There was only one possible answer. "Sure?"
"Good. You're a good kisser, I like that." She moved her head up and pecked my lips, "And a good fucker, too. I like your cock in me."
Her blatant words were a contrast to what I knew of her. But, I'd told her to be honest with me, so she was doing that.
I sped up my rhythm, loving the sensations. I wanted her to come, too, but short of stopping and going down on her, I didn't know how to make that happen.
The obvious answer dawned on me. I'd tell her to.
"Carla, whenever I ... say the words..." I thought fast, it couldn't be too common, wouldn't want to accidentally say it... orgasm? No...
Inspired, I continued, "Whenever I say 'Big-O', three times in a row, you will ... build up to an orgasm. It'll take, like, 30 seconds, to build up to it. And, it'll last, like, at least 30 seconds, and be really big, and fulfilling... and... powerful... uh, and satisfying, okay?"
Her stare back at me was intense because we were utterly face to face, inches apart, breathing the same air, momentarily kissing, loving the shared sensations.
She bit her lower lip as she panted, "Yes, Sir."
"Big-O. Big-O. Big-O."
She nodded and started breathing funny, panting and whimpering, twisting, and, sure enough, over the next 30 seconds, she started whipping around in a huge orgasm, strongly gripping my chest to hers, her legs wrapped around mine, too.
Oddly, I could feel, on my cock, the inside of her, her pussy was clamping down on me in pulses as she came! I was having a blast, and the pressure was too much. I came, too, spurting, slamming into her deep to hold myself there. I just had to... be more inside, more tightly holding her, more tightly, driving my cock as deeply into her as I could. It was kind of an autonomic response, like my hips just had to curl like that, all on their own.
Still thrusting but only inwards and without any great spring to pull out again, I just held her tight until my convulsions, and then hers, passed.
We lay, silent, breathing hard but happily, the sense of relief and release going hand in hand.
I suddenly worried I was too heavy. I asked, but she shook her head with a look in her eye that bordered on the way my mother looked at me -- some kind of love thing that had a smidge of admiration to it. I wasn't sure I liked that exactly, but the love part was nice.
Angelina had never once looked at me like that.
Still, after a few minutes just relaxing in each other's arms, I slipped out, prompting us both to say a disappointed, 'Awww,' which then prompted smiling and a tight hug.
There's no way to know if it was her stomach that growled or mine, but we nodded and I pushed off from her and stood.
She squeaked as she stood, pushing her legs together, "Ooops. Leaking."
I handed the tissues over and she dabbed. I'd not seen girls do that before, but it made sense.
Suddenly with an urge to stretch, I did, groaning with it, yawning, and found myself embraced again, soft breasts pressed up against me. "Yum."
Finishing my stretch (and it's always good to finish a stretch), I agree, "Mmmm... Yeah." Letting my arms fall around her and hug, I put my chin over her shoulder and took a long slow inhale-exhale. "Satisfied."
"Hmmm. Me, too."
I broke off, kissing a convenient spot above her ear (she was shorter than me), and got my clothes and started dressing. She said excuse me and went to the bathroom for a moment, coming back as I was sitting on the bed, putting on my shoes.
"Oh, you're almost done. I'll get moving."
"Question, while you dress?"
"Sure." She went over and started pulling on things.
I thought about what happened as I walked in the apartment, and how her attitude changed. "When I walked in today, I put down my bag and hung my coat up, right?"
She considered, "Yeah, I remember that."
"What were you thinking at that point, like, exactly?"
"Uh... I was just describing that we -- Dave and I -- should go out to get a sub sandwich and not a burger since it's healthier."
"Before I walked in, what was your attitude towards me?"
"I guess I liked you... You're Dave's roommate, so, I had to be nice and everything, but you were always kind of in-the-way. Like, there was this time we were about to get busy on the couch - I was gonna give him a BJ 'cuz he gets frustrated - but then you came home, and we knew we couldn't mess around anymore."
"I thought you didn't do anything with him?"
"Oh, we'd kiss, and I would have let that get as far as a blowjob, probably. And, that's fun for me, too, he makes funny noises when he comes. It's kind of a power trip. I control him by licking him."
"And, so, today, when I came to the kitchen?"
"I saw you, and I thought, 'Oh, god, he's so pathetic, Dave's living with a total loser.' But, then, as I thought it? It's like I realized that you were so much more than that, you were, really, amazing. And, I felt something inside me, uh... kind of move or something."
I highlighted her word and asked, "Inside?"
"Yeah, like my stomach shifted or something. Anyway, yeah, so then, over the next minute or two, I started having two trains of thought -- one where I was in the conversation, and another where I was outside myself, self-conscious, thinking only about you? You're ... sexy, and ... smart, and... all that stuff. I thought, wow, it'd be great to be with you instead of Dave, but I was already with Dave, so I couldn't."
"So, what triggered the change of heart about me was, you were ... feeling ...?"
"Pity. Serious pity. I saw you, I thought that's a pile of sad yuck, but my brain rebounded when I did that."
"Ah."
She was dressed by now, and so was I, so we went back into the kitchen.
Dave was waiting, playing some stupid game I recognized on his phone. "You're back! We can eat!"
Some re-heating later, we'd had a good meal. I asked Dave the same questions I'd asked Carla, and sure enough, he'd felt incredible pity towards me as well.
So, the secret to my success was? Pity.
I guessed I could work that to my advantage.
As we were finishing up, I asked Carla, "So, can you or Dave buy me some new pans?"
She laughed, "Oh, sure, silly. Daddy has lots of money. He set up a trust fund for me. I can buy ALL the pans."
Dave laughed, "Corner the world market on crockery."
She smiled and said, "Cookware. And, not quite."
My ability to make dinner, or sometimes lunch, was in question, so I pressed it. "Still, can you? Get some pans for us?"
"Oh, sure. I'll get some tomorrow."
The fact that I'd been up all the previous night was starting to catch up with me. I was contented, too, relaxed from the meal. I managed to say, "Thanks," as I relaxed back into the chair.
She looked at me and considered. "You look tired. Do you want me to sleep here tonight or would you like to be alone?"
Dave looked over and said, "But... I'd like some time, too?"
Carla looked over and rolled her eyes, "Kevin comes first now."
"Oh, yeah. Right. But, if he's not busy with you...?"
I asked, "Carla, do you have any friends that are medium-good-looking, at least medium smart, and might be a good match for Dave?"
"Oh. Let me think... Yeah, Madison, probably. She's obsessed with this guy named Bill? But, I can invite her over..."
"Can you call her right now? Get her over here?"
I didn't know if my power was going to go away.
"I'd have to say it was an emergency or something. She's super-into watching this reality show..."
"Yeah, tell her, super-urgent, she _has_ to come over. Tell her, your boyfriend ... has a bunch of his old girlfriend's shoes and clothes and is going to throw them out."
Her eyes flared and she said, "YEAH! That's perfect!"
She got out her phone and called, and sure enough, her Mads would come right over. Stevens Point as a town wasn't so big, and our apartment was right down the street from campus and thus the dorm where Mads lived.
We chatted while we waited, but mostly, I spent the time urgently pondering what would happen when she got there and didn't fall under my spell. Who was to know if she was even a nice girl or not? I mean, anyone who'd drop everything to come and look at possibly-stolen clothes, we couldn't be sure about.
I decided, if I get her under my power, I'll have to check her out. Mostly, I'd be setting her up with Dave. I wondered if that was ethical, like, would it be okay to do that to her, and Dave? Maybe if it was some kind of sacrifice - he wasn't that smart, like I said - I could add something to the mix to make it better for both of them.
What could I give her? Or, him? I had no money.
Certainly, there was the 'purpose in life' option, but who was I to tell her to do what I wanted, and not what she wanted? Kind of a dick move to subvert someone's life aspirations. I'd almost done it with Carla, just telling her to look after me, I almost accidentally subverted her 'nurse-anesthetist' life-goal.
So, I'd give her something... but... what?
I could tell her to do anything, so that was power, but, using it would make me a dick. She wanted frivolous things, apparently, watching reality TV told me that.
No answers came to me, so I went back to the basic lie we'd told to get her here. If she didn't fall under my spell, what then?
What had Carla said? She only felt like she was obligated when she saw I was ... pitiful. Yes! I had to be pitiful!
I looked over at Dave, "Hey, I have an idea."
"Sure?"
"After she's here for about 2 minutes or something, I'll say the word... uh, 'butterscotch'. If I do that, tonight, pour a glass of water on my head, like, pretend to be mean when you're doing it? Then, ask me, 'Is that what you want?'. Got it?"
He chuckled at me, "Sure, dude, whatever. I wait, butterscotch, water on you, aggressively, is that what do you want. Got it."
I smiled, too, and we shook hands. Dave was all onboard for practical jokes. It went with his b-school persona.
Carla was confused, so I said, "Trust me, got a plan. Delay her when she gets here. Tell her she's gotta try out your food first. At least a couple of minutes."
I didn't know what the important factors were, so I was just working on replicating what had happened with Carla and Dave.
Just about then, there was a knock on the door, and Carla went over to get it.
Mads walked in, a piece of work if ever I saw one. Hair in a ponytail, but designer clothes and an attitude of holier-than-thou. She looked around and her gaze just screamed with disdain.
Carla took her coat, but then told her she simply had to have some of the spaghetti and garlic bread.
This ruse worked for a couple of minutes while Carla kept her occupied; Dave and I just were kind of quiet while this happened.
I could see Mads was getting impatient and wanted to see the clothes.
Breaking my silence, I asked her, "Hey, Mads? What classes are you taking?"
She said, "Oh, just normal stuff." She turned back to Carla, "So, we gonna see this stuff?"
Carla pointed at the spaghetti, "Finish, and I'll show you."
I said, "I'd love a butterscotch shake about now."
Dave said, "Like you deserve one, you freeloader!" Taking the glass of water in front of him, he threw it almost violently at my face, soaking me in an instant. "Is that what you want?"
I cowered, shying away from him, looking down, "Sorry, I'll... be quiet." Purposefully, I curled up and was pitiful as possible. It wasn't all that fake. I did feel pitiful, and just acted out what I was feeling, letting that idea flow through me.
Mads looked at me and Dave like we were oddballs (and we were). "What...?"
I stood up and trudged off to the bathroom to dry off a minute (and use it at the same time, why not), and when I came back, still walking in a kind of dejected way, Mads looked at me, confused. "Hey, you're... back."
"Yeah. I guess I just need a lifelong slave to protect and serve me."
Dave said, laughing but kind of acknowledging reality, "Yeah, you already have two of those, Carla and I."
Mads said, suddenly, like she'd just decided it, "Make that three."
Bingo.
I didn't know much about Mads, and neither did Dave. Speaking more assertively, I sat down at the table with the three of them, but speaking to her. "Mads. From now on, I'd like you to always tell me the truth, even if it's hard to do. Dave, likewise."
They nodded, but Mads said, "Yes, sir."
I liked the 'sir'!
First, I wondered, was she a safe person to be around? Was I setting my roommate up with a clown? "Mads. Do you have any medical conditions? History of anything more than colds or flu?"
She nodded, and was very forthright, "I had a concussion when I was 12, I fell off a horse. Since then, I sometimes get migraines. Uh, and... I had tubes in my ears when I was little."
"On birth control?"
"Yes, the pill."
"What are your plans for the next 5 years or so?"
"I'm going to party for a while, find a rich boyfriend, marry them, put away a lot of their money in a safe account, and when they divorce me -- they're probably gonna -- I'll find someone nice and stable and have kids, maybe."
"No career? What's your major?"
"Accounting, but ... I'm not gonna take many more hard classes. It's getting to be real work."
I looked over at Dave. I knew his history; we'd been acquaintances since the previous year, only roommates this year. He was a business major, going to do an MBA afterwards probably, then probably middle management or sales or something. "Dave, Mads, go stand in the doorway."
They got up and did. Carla watched, turning around her chair.
"Dave, Madison, look at each other, and hold both hands." They did. "From now on, for the rest of your lives, you two are and will be deeply in love. You will be devoted and caring for each other, honest and trustworthy, open hearted, and responsible for each other's health, happiness, and feel fulfilled and content with each other. You will always be highly ethical in everything you do, with each other, personally, and professionally."
I was kind of winging this.
What could I give them? Oh, right -- kids, good skills... "You will both find it easy to study and work for as long as you want, and remember what you learn. You are now both excited and interested in math and accounting, and whatever your careers will be. You will have as many kids as you possibly can. You'll be great, loving, super-patient, and... inspiring parents."
There was probably more that I should say there, but ... I was on the spot, I had to come up with something.
"You will get married and move in together next month, but will both finish your bachelor's and master's degree programs in normal time frames, even if you have kids before then."
They were still looking at each other, but the look had turned into having happy, almost ecstatic faces.
What else could I give them? Oh -- if I was determining... habits?!? Great idea there... "From now on, you both will be into fitness and healthy living. You'll work out, 45 minutes at least, uh... at least 5 days a week, but most weeks it'll be six days a week. Eating... You'll want... healthy foods, mostly. You won't like... Uh, no, uh... Okay, you'll like the taste of healthy food more than unhealthy food. Even a little bit of fatty or sugary foods will seem too rich and you won't want much of it."
I was proud of that last part!
They were still standing there. What else? Hmm... sex, maybe. "You'll have good, normal sex lives, and be happiest when you can help the other have at least two orgasms a week, and more when the other wants it."
I finished with, "As of tonight, you will consider yourselves married even if you don't have an actual, uh, small, quiet ceremony until next month."
Dave didn't have that much money, and I knew marriages were hugely expensive, so I added that part to help their finances.
One worrying factor remained, nagging at me. If I said anything accidentally, they might take that as a directive and I'd wreck everything. But, I still needed to be able to fix things if something went wrong in what I'd just said... So... some trigger phrase? "Lastly. From time to time, I may give you ... another set of instructions, just like now, stuff you have to do. When I do, I'll start by saying... "
What the hell should I say?
"... 'Pretty Please', twice in a row. Whenever I say that, and only me, it's a special instruction, and you'll have to do it. I'll end the instruction by saying... uh... 'make it so', twice." I sighed, not sure what else to do for that. It'd have to be good enough. "Other than those instructions, from ... when I say ... 'go', forevermore, treat me as a ... valued and trusted friend, who you can ignore if you want to, just like anyone else."
They nodded.
I said, "You may kiss the bride."
They kissed, and I was about to say, 'go', when I thought of something else, "Oh, and you won't consciously remember me giving you these instructions, but you'll still follow them. Go!"
They were still kissing, tenderly and lovingly. They hadn't known each other for an hour yet, but here they were.
Carla stood up and clapped, and I did, too. She turned around and gave me a hug, and said in my ear, "I want those food instructions, too. And, I want a husband like that."
I whispered back, "Write down what you want, later. I'll help you if I can."
She said, "I'm yours, you know."
Her words must have carried, because Dave then said, "I'm yours, Madison."
Madison repeated it as well, in a voice full of emotion, "And I'm yours, David."
Dave, giggling, said, "And I, thee, wed."
Mads giggled right back at him, almost a squeal of happiness, "And, I, thee, wed! OOoo!"
I was getting tired. I looked at Carla and smiled, "I think you're going to need to get two sets of Amino cookware now."
The lovebirds next to us had gotten to her, and she was giggling, too. "Ooo is right! That's so cute! Romantic as all get-out! Amazing!"
Looking over at them, they'd returned to kissing. "Guys -- Dave? Mads? Why don't you get ready for bed, I think we could all turn in about now."
Mads pulled her face away and looked over at me very matter of fact-ly, "Can't yet. Have a paper due tomorrow, only half-written. Still..." She looked back at Dave.
Dave said, "Oh, and ... me, too. I'm actually late already on a paper I wanted to turn in early yesterday. But... Mads? Wow."
"I know, right!?!?! I just saw you, and I knew!"
"Yeah! Me, too! Oh my God, yeah!"
They made plans to study at her place and then sleep there. Mads asked us, as she was leaving, "Wait, wasn't I over here to see some clothes?"
I said, "Oh, no, when I went to the bathroom I realized I was wrong, the pile was my old laundry. You don't want that."
She was too happy to worry about it, and they left, bouncing out the door.
I was getting ready for bed, so I ducked in for a shower and changed the sheets. As I came into the kitchen, I saw Carla writing on her laptop. "What's that?"
"My instructions."
I said, "You realize, I'm not ... going to ... set up a marriage thing for us, at least, right away, right? I ... don't know you very well..."
She laughed, turning in her chair, then thinking better of it and standing. She came up to me, grabbing both my hands in hers, copying what Mads and Dave had been doing, which was exactly what I was trying to avoid, but I faced it anyway.
"Kevin. I know, you're a different person than I think you are, and ... well, I'm probably different than I've shown you, so far. But, I want to try."
Her face was so open, so trusting, so ready for joy, it was hard to confront that. I really did like her, but... "Carla, I ... want to help here, but I can't make major life decisions on the spur of the moment like this, and I have to get you to a place where I can turn down your... level of obedience, I think."
She nodded, "I think that'd be safer. I saw through that, what you did with the pretty-please, with Mads and Dave. I've got that in my set. I'm happy with you, like Super-Happy, but ... it needs some kind of... normal? Give me another half hour, I'll have a version worked up."
I leaned in and kissed her, and she kissed back, softly, passionately... with real emotion. I liked it. At some level, I knew it was manipulated, that I'd done it to her, that she wasn't really doing this of her own free will, but ... at the same time, she was still who she thought she was, mostly, just with the addition of me in her life.
Going in and getting the bed finalized, I read some from my assigned English novel and felt like I could sleep any second.
Carla came in and we read through what she'd written. It was much better than my version, more compact, and it added some things. She didn't want to have any significant pain during pregnancy or childbirth, or when she went to the dentist, or during medical procedures. She wanted to stay fit her whole life, to be able to go to sleep quickly and easily, and wake up likewise. She wanted her boobs to never sag, hair to stop growing in various places, and a bunch of body-related things. I didn't know if that would work, but, hey, what the hell.
The rest of the stuff I'd told Mads and Dave was there, minus the getting married bit. She apparently knew she'd been a rich kid, so she wanted to be more frugal, and I liked that idea and wondered where it came from. I had her change a couple of things so it could apply to more people if I wanted to re-use it.
In the end, I had her face me, and I gave her the instructions. She wasn't my 'trusted friend', she should treat me as a husband. I added that she might be one of several wives I had, and that she'd be okay with that, and share things respectfully with them.
I liked the harem anime genre, and frankly the idea of having more than one wife seemed like a good plan. Maybe not 12 wives, but more than one might be good.
I had big aspirations of playing this thing, this newfound ability. As long as it lasted, I could end up with a life happier and more full of sex and fun than any ten other guys put together.
Granted, I probably could have had Mads, too, for the night or forever, but it seemed right to make sure that since I was with Carla, Dave should be happy somehow, too. Plus, something about Dave and Carla didn't sit right - they weren't quite matched but I couldn't put my finger on how. Maybe something to do with her being so much better looking than he was?
Giving them happiness started as a little silly but in the end it turned into something that gave me immense happy-vibes.
I didn't have anyone in mind yet for Carla as a sister-wife thing, but I knew I could come up with someone.
Turning out the lights, we went to bed and in spite of having a naked beautiful girl in bed with me, I went to sleep pretty fast. Not sleeping for a night will do that for you.
== Chapter: Professor Visit ==
The next morning, my alarm went off as usual at 6:30, and I realized I'd been full-body side-hugging Carla and loving it. She awoke, too, and we looked at each other, startled a little, and then we smiled and kissed.
She dressed quickly and headed off back to her dorm room (down two from Mads). We had a quick kiss at the doorway and I got a sense of, "Gosh, this is nice" flow over me.
My partial Diff-eq homework wasn't done, but I had some time before that class.
Most of my morning was spent in a haze, thinking about my newfound abilities. I didn't even know if the ability required me being close to the box, since it was at home, but mostly I was pondering the implications of it. On a personal level, I could have LOTS of sex, if I wanted.
I could also help a lot of people.
If I was going to have sex, I figured it'd be great to have a small set of people, so I didn't have to worry about just randomly going up to someone. My girlfriend breaking up with me the previous year had hit me hard, and not having any romantic options (never mind physical ones) had left me seriously lonely.
I'd tried a rebound fling but it failed - she figured out I was rebounding and we weren't good for each other anyway. That hurt me more, though, it was like I couldn't keep absolutely _anyone_ happy. I was a romance-failure twice over.
I'd seen romance-failure before, in a roommate. My previous year as a freshman, one of my two roomates (it was a larger room) kept having one-night-stands. He talked about how it was nice, but then over the course of the year he changed his tune and said he was getting lonely, and wanted a more fulfilling relationship. Trouble was, the kinds of girls he was finding were NOT interested in that, and a few had laughed at him.
I didn't want that.
What I did want was someone who'd be fun and interesting and smart. I wasn't into bimbos.
Where could I find such a person, though?
Maybe I could find someone who, due to this thing, was better off for knowing me?
The instructions Carla had typed up, tied with my 'gift' thing, could make anyone a success in life. They'd have willpower for anything they wanted.
For me, I wanted someone both with a caring/loving side and also who had some raw brainpower, who was a little out of my league but who had a problem my instructions could fix. That way, we would each get something out of it.
UWASP has 7800 students.
I had to think of this logically, and Something Magic Was Happening.
There's no way of knowing if this power thing would be permanent, or would backfire later.
Backfires would be bad.
As background, a girl I'd known growing up named Gayle had always been super-into Wicca. That is, very Earth-centered spirituality, not my thing (normal Catholic) but good for her. She lit candles and wore emblems, etc.
Gayle was also Definitely Lesbian, so I had no chance with her even if I'd wanted one, but she was fun to hang with in our group of friends, funny and sometimes insightful when one of the guys in the group would have a problem.
Anyway, one time, I'd asked Gayle about 'spells', in the Wicca sense. Like, what were they, did they work, what was her take on it.
She said, you had to have the right attitude. If you wished someone well, and did a cleansing spell for them to heal from a pain, that was a kindness and would reflect back on you in good ways, so you might also be healed in some way, maybe a way you didn't even know about.
If you tried to wish bad things on people, that karma would come back, she'd said.
So, I couldn't wish bad things for people. If my intentions were good, maybe, things would work out. Ethics mattered.
Of course, for me, ethics mattered anyway, I didn't want to feel like a bad person. I remembered times, growing up, that I'd done things I wasn't proud of, and there was a haunting quality to that. My bad deeds hung over me and I didn't like having memories of them. Making more bad memories would be Really Stupid.
Maybe the box was a test? Here's some power - let's see what you do with it. It could Karma-test you. Or, it could just be a wrench, useful for repairs or breaking things in equal measure.
I totally knew the box had done it. WHAT had it done - that was the question, and from Gayle's insight, I knew to be on the safe side I would need to never wish bad things on people.
The other idea, that there could be backlash on me, that I'd have to be subjected to the same wishes I gave to other people, well, I'd happily accept remembering to always work out, love the people I was with or whatever.
Maybe by giving her that idea, that painless childbirth, I would end up feeling all of her childbirth pain! By giving it to her, I was accepting the pain on myself.
I guessed, if she could do it, then maybe I could, too, and if she had all the other hassles, well, then, maybe I'd take the risk that I'd have to accept some pain to help out. That sounded good to me. It was a risk, but at least the downside was just pain and not permanent.
Carla seemed like she was worth the pain, even if I barely knew her. I got a great 'vibe' from her. I had the idea she was a sometimes-complicated person, but she'd said some cool things in my presence (which had flown over Dave's head) so I knew she had a brain.
I liked her brain.
I liked the rest of Carla, too!
On a certain level, I could feel guilty about breaking up Carla and Dave, but with some sense of realism I knew that they were very much not suited for each other. Dave may have been a fling, or a convenient stopping off point for Carla, but I couldn't see any sane future universe where they celebrated a 50th wedding anniversary.
Another 'Karma' idea floated by.
I thought, maybe the Karma was that, if I wished something for someone now, it would turn opposite for them later. Or, opposite for me. Either way, a balancing-out thing, with bad for good and vice versa.
Maybe they'd get good habits now, and then later it would go the other way. Well, if being able to study a long time was good for a while, worst case on that, they'd lose out on a semester somehow but they'd be physically fine.
I had no way of knowing, but my worrying had benefited me in at least one way: I decided I had to be careful in wishing things for people that, if the wish was reversed, there wouldn't be too dire of a consequence. Inconvenience, sure, but not death or dismemberment or anything.
That was the goal, anyway.
In the meantime, I figured, maybe I could do a little harem building, just in case this thing turned out to allow for that. It was kind of a longtime dream.
Who should I pick, though?
I liked smart, geeky girls, like I was, girls that would get my jokes and make ones I found funny, maybe, so I had to home in on some subset that way.
If they were smart, but needed help studying, I could help with that, giving them the 'gift' of getting better at learning-skills in exchange for having to put up with me as a fraction of a boyfriend with the other fractions allocated to other girls also being helped.
So... I needed smart, but unmotivated, or badly-skilled girls.
How could I find these people?
Mom told me once, if you don't know something in college, ask an expert, colleges have lots of experts.
I hadn't taken a psych class yet, and this was a psych problem. The psych building wasn't far from the student union, and since I had two hours free after lunch (I usually spent them in the library) I walked over to talk with a prof.
I needed expertise.
Suspecting my gift might be useless and wanting exceptional help, I brought along a cup, not a bottle, of water.
Dr. Shelly Abrams, the nameplate said, so I knocked and she said, "Come in."
This might not work, I thought. I might need to be near that box. But, I'll try it.
She turned out to be a thin middle-aged vaguely Asian-featured woman with the start of gray hair and a no-nonsense attitude.
I poked my head in and asked, "Hey. I have a quick question about psych? Can I borrow a few minutes? I'm writing an English paper, and I don't want to be too wrong."
She nodded; she'd been writing on her laptop. "Come in. Close the door, it's noisy."
I did so; she watched me, so I knew to turn on the pity-factory. I sat down in front of her desk and got my backpack mixed up and accidentally (purposefully) tangled, which ended up spilling the water on my thigh. My mannerisms went to cowering and shame, as best I could be truthful in feeling that after spilling water on myself. More than that, I felt some shame, I'd done it to myself.
It might have worked, I didn't know.
She asked, a friendly tone in her voice, "So, what's your question?"
This set me up for the question I'd spent the morning coming up with. "I read a short story about a woman who is utterly subservient to the main character. What makes that happen? Could anyone be that kind of person? Like, even, could you be my slave?"
She laughed, but then got contemplative and said, "Let me think. Yes. Yes, I could be your slave." Her answer was being truthful - she could be. I hadn't asked her to be, I had asked if she Could Be.
Drat! I needed to be sure!!
She continued, negating this idea (maybe?), "...Almost anyone can fall into that kind of psychological trap. It's usually people that are set up, who grow up in a way that leads to them thinking like a subservient person. Then, in similar circumstances, where they love someone, they'll do almost anything."
"Ah." I shifted in her chair, disgusted with my wet thigh and worried about walking down the sidewalk like that. Continuing with the questions, though (I had a bunch), "The story describes the power relationship as boss-servant, but it's not a slave, per se, it's more like, whenever the boss says something, the servant has to do it. It comes off as being snooty, but I'm trying to imagine if people were actually like that. Or, ARE like that, even now, like, could I hire someone, say if I paid you a dollar, then I could tell you to do anything I wanted."
Her brain was going with this, and I wondered if I'd been pathetic enough.
I needed to add to that.
Pulling up my backpack, I fumbled and tilted it and spilled even more out onto the floor (more of a mess even than I intended to make), then stood up to fix it. Doing that, I caught my leg in the strap (mostly on purpose), and tripped.
This was partially intentional. The way I fell, though, was far more awkward than I had meant and I went over onto her floor with a noticeable 'OOfff'. I'd almost hit my face on the desk but barely missed.
I had to come up with a better method, I thought.
Coming up with a way to look stupid wasn't that hard, I'd just done it, but maybe not THAT stupid.
She seemed to be waiting for me to say something after my fall.
I managed to stand up again and be kind of embarrassed and ashamed, and genuinely was ashamed given what I'd done to myself.
Now, I'd pre-planned something to say that could be interpreted two ways, in case she decided to write me up for harassment. My plan went out the window, since I'd had to improvise.
Instead, I stood by the chair, looked down, and invented something. I said, "Wow, if I can't even stand up, I'll definitely need your help to sit down again!"
There wasn't much ambiguity in that.
She stood up, came around the desk, and held my chair for me, looking around for hazards. This was a good sign.
Still, it wasn't proof. It could have just been her being careful about a student falling in her office.
Getting seated again, I added back my original script. "So, for this subservience thing, if I had you 'in my clutches', so to speak, could I get you to do almost anything I said? Even if I said something like, "take off your bra and give it to me? And, believe that is a perfectly normal request from me?"
She laughed, "Excellent question! Yes, someone under a strong influence like that, would do Exactly That." She stood, going to the window (covered mostly by blinds) but facing me. It opened onto a copse of trees and was high up -- no one could see in. She turned and looked out, squinted at the sun, then turning the blinds so they didn't let the light in.
Turning back, she walked over by a bookshelf, out of direct view of the window in her office door, casually, like she was still thinking. "I'm not really sure that complete subservience happens that often in real life, though. Usually, I think, in most healthy people, there's a good sense of self-preservation built in."
She was faced away from me, but as she turned around, I realized her hands had undone the buttons on her blouse almost to the waist.
I wanted to keep her talking, so I asked, "Like hypnosis?"
"Exactly!" she smiled, "Just that. Hypnotized people want to do what you suggest, but they can't do anything that they'd normally find unethical or against their self interest. They won't kill someone, or hurt themselves drastically." Her fingers kept going, pulling out her blouse from her long skirt and unbuttoning the sleeves, then pulling it off and draping it over a chair.
Her bra was very utilitarian, a white padded version that (as she took it off) revealed her breasts were rather small and somewhat saggy, but that was to be expected since she had to be in her 40's or 50's. She was attractive, sure, but she didn't have the 18 year-old body Carla had.
I wasn't complaining, all boobs are good boobs, hers were fine, but I hadn't seen too many older ones in my life so this was interesting. I wasn't getting a rush out of it from the power perspective, or the sexy perspective, it was more of a wondering-what-will-happen thing, fascinated by what this box's power could do in the world.
She continued speaking as she folded it by putting one cup in the other and setting it aside, then putting on her blouse again. "Really subservient people usually get that way by being threatened so repeatedly that it becomes like second nature to do the thing their attacker demands, giving up the will to resist. Or, sometimes it's just built into a culture, like gender role stereotypes making expected behavior be deference to a household leader, or religious one, or... you know."
I was nodding, "Yeah, I can see that." I really could see that - I could see she'd taken off her bra for no reason, just like I'd asked. That was solid enough proof for me, at least enough to not worry about harassment anymore.
She tilted her head, genuinely asking, "What's the story you're reading?"
I was ready with an answer, but another test was my saying, "It's not important. If you're my slave, or at least a very willing helper, I have a set of tasks for you, though, things that will make me happy."
"Really? What do you need?" Her face lit and she smiled at me, obviously happy to do what I was asking. She was almost dressed, but took a moment to unzip her skirt, lower it slightly so she could tuck in her blouse again, and then button things up looking good. The only sign that something was amiss was that the blouse showed a little pair of bumps where her nipples were, but not embarrassingly so.
I totally had her.
As she walked back to her desk and sat down (handing me her folded-up bra in the process), she listened attentively as I described what I wanted.
"I'd like to find a small set of girls who are under-achievers, very smart but unguided, who maybe are slightly but not too overweight. Pretty, but probably not going out with anyone. Or, someone who's dating someone that's obviously the wrong guy."
She laughed, "That should describe a LOT of girls on this campus. I would have no way to figure out who, though."
"Still. I need the smartest, or at least the most intellectually gifted. Say, find me 10 girls like that, but without involving me in it in any way, and having it be disguised so no one knows that you're doing it, so nobody gets in trouble, including you."
She leaned back in her chair and thought, not talking for about a full minute, which was a long time in a conversation like we'd just had. Finally, she said, "General population, or students? Age group?"
"Students, probably. Over 18, for sure, but... not over ... let's just say, undergrads, or recent dropouts."
Nodding, she said, "I think I have some ideas. I can create a social science study and assign some grad students to work up the project. When do you need them?"
"Next week?"
"Hmmm.... Lots of data to look through."
"No substance abusers. Uh, only, like, ... healthy people. No STD's."
"Ah. Good qualification. You want 10 girlfriends."
I thought about it. "Wives, really, I think. Long term. Capable, smart... maybe, spoiled rich kids? If I can help them find a life-direction, like I've given you directions, then, well, people who could achieve something in life."
"Ah. You have changed me. I see that, I was realizing it, but, yes, it's pretty clear. I want to help you any way I can. It's like I love you all of a sudden, even though I barely know you."
"True. You do love me. You want to protect yourself, and me, from harm. You also want to help me build a harem of beautiful, highly capable wives."
"True enough, I see that. It seems like a fun thing to help with. I'm really confused what you've done, though. I don't normally think like this, but I can feel that I'm different."
So, she was aware of this? Would Carla get to be self-aware, too? I had to be concerned about that. What if she told someone?!?? "As for rules on this, don't communicate the fact that you're changed, in any way. Keep the facts about me, and us, and your change, a secret, okay? Just between us?"
"Oh, sure! No problem. I ... for some reason, I'm ... suddenly...?" She was figuring it out as she talked "I am, just totally in love with you. I think I'd do just about anything."
Remembering her name from her door, I said, "Oh, Shelly? Uh... read this..." I got out my phone and pulled up the shared document that Carla had written, and as I handed the phone to her. "Obey."
It had complete instructions about being my wife, too. I saw, she was already married by the ring on her finger, so I waited for her to be done. When she was, her voice returned to a much more normal professor-student one. "That is an amazing document. You've just given me a lot to think about."
I said pretty-please three times and negated the be-a-sister-wife idea -- stick with her current spouse and be happy and devoted to them, just like before. Her face fell in disappointment as I said it, but when I did the make-it-so, she returned to more the person I'd met when I first walked in the office.
Putting her bra in my bookbag, we made arrangements for her to have a preliminary list in a week, with more than 10 names, but ones I'd be happy with.
My English class wasn't nearly as exciting as that meeting.
Carla texted me and said she'd taken the day off from classes and helped Mads move in with Dave, into our apartment. In turn, she said, she thought it might be a good idea to rent a house in town where we could have more roommates, like the sister wives I'd thought about?
Getting home to the apartment, I found Mads and Carla already there with Dave, figuring out where to put toiletries in the bathroom, hang clothes, etc.
I decided they'd be getting their own place soon, but what was the point in that if I was going to live in a house with Carla?
The universal constant is always undone homework, and I had to work on my Modern Urban Planning homework (a for-fun class with more work than I wanted).
The girls were very busy cleaning up the apartment, in line with the Document which included instructions to 'Always Be Tidy' and I wasn't going to get in the way of that!
The doorbell rang, and I came out to smell a much cleaner place.
Carla was in the kitchen, singing, and just about the same time, Mads opened the door for a delivery service guy, and Carla wandered out of the kitchen, too.
Carla was completely naked, but holding a scrub brush. "What's up?"
The delivery guy saw Mads, and then looking beyond her, saw Carla. His eyes flared and he inhaled a little, but tried to keep his cool. "Uh... delivery?"
Mads said, "Oh, I got it, Carla. Thanks."
Carla came over anyway to look at what he was bringing in.
Mads turned around to see Carla was naked, saw the guy looking, and then started laughing her butt off. It was funny. He was very distracted. I would be, too.
The guy set 2 big boxes labeled 'AminoWare Cookware' inside the door, and Carla signed the delivery sheet.
The delivery guy was trying not to stare and failing. He said, "Sorry to interrupt..."
Carla said, perfectly straight-faced, "Oh, no, I always get naked to cook. Better food that way. Plus, my boyfriend likes to stare at my boobies. Looks like you do, too."
He nodded, "Ma'am, Yes, I do. They are very nice, I congratulate, uh... all of you."
With that, he couldn't find a reason to stick around, so he head-bowed and reluctantly left.
I obviously had to revise things if I didn't include the idea of not being naked around other people. Carla's sense of body privacy wasn't where it should be.
Regardless, she opened the pots and got them washed, then kept going in the kitchen.
Our kitchen had started out as okay-clean, which is to say, good enough for Dave and I, but we weren't the types to mop a floor or completely soap and sanitize the insides of the fridge and freezer. It turned out that if Carla had an opinion, it was going to be 'cleaned well', and that was better than just being 'tidy'.
Bringing my other homework to the living room where I could look into the kitchen and watch, I worked on my partial diff-eq "PDQ" homework. Looking up every once in a while to watch the Total Eye Candy that was Carla, I could return to work the next problem and give myself mini-breaks in the process.
Eventually, though, I got out my laptop and browsed around to see what real estate was like, hunting up a place where we could have more roommates. Quickly, I found a lack of houses with more than 4 bedrooms, which was what I was hoping for. There was a section of town with Victorian-era homes with high ceilings, but there weren't any for sale, and even the ones I found looked super-old.
For some reason, I got off on a tangent looking at commercial properties. My mother had watched a show once where people turned churches and car dealerships into real (if seriously odd-looking) homes. I wasn't seriously considering it - there'd be lots of construction needed, but I was grasping at straws for any place with more than 4 bedrooms!
Right near the golf course there was a building that had been an assisted-living community, but they'd gone bankrupt and the place was empty... Uh... What?!?! My hopes increased the more I read!
I called over the others and we looked at the listing. It wasn't that far from campus -- about a mile and a half, on a hill between the river and the golf course. Doing a little news-searching, the place had gone bankrupt because it was on a hill and the residents went for walks and fell down too often. Really, it was a profoundly stupid place to put an old-folks home, but it was new construction and two stories.
There were 20 apartments, it said, and it even had a playground, 'for when the grandkids come over!'
On the scale of price, the listing was for $1.5M, which was a lot to pay for student housing -- but ... it even had an indoor pool! I was amazed.
The others liked it, but Dave and Mads were like, "Where's that money coming from!?"
Carla said, "Simple. Don't buy it. Rent it. Get a lease."
We all did a collective, "Huh?"
"They gotta have someone there, like, living there, to keep it up? Or, maybe a guard service. Whatever. Doesn't matter. Some bank is losing money on it. They can't sell it, no one is buying. If someone does, they'll just knock it down and put apartments or luxury homes there -- look at the view! -- but, really, the bank is stuck right now. They might rent it. If we get a lease, we'll need to make sure there's a sweet exit clause so they don't kick us out on short notice."
"We could get more people to live there -- to rent it...?"
Carla had her thinking cap on, I could tell her wheels were turning. "Sure. 20 apartments, we each get one, that's four, we get 16 more people, fill it up, it'd be way more than ... Hmm... what's a mortgage on $1.5M at 4%?"
Dave said, quickly, "$8k a month, about. Taxes might be weird, it's ... zoned commercial? Nah, it's a residence... Dunno. Somewhere near that."
Dave was faster at that than I was?!? It was kind of funny to listen to. He acted dumb about so many things, but he must have been paying attention at some point.
Mads asked, "Only 8k? I'm paying $1k a month, you guys are at what, $1.5k for this place? That's like 6 more people, not 16 more."
Carla had to go back to cooking, but it was a good lead.
We split up to do our things again, and I had to get back to my homework.
As dinner approached, Carla called Mads into the kitchen and they talked secretively for a while. I was noticing all this because, well, looking up and seeing Carla walk around naked was still a pretty fun thing to do between problem sets.
Mads seemed nervous about something.
About 10 minutes of this, and they walked over to me, both standing straight, right in front of me.
Carla elbowed Mads; she said, "Sir?"
My gaze shifted to Mad's eyes. She was biting her lip a little.
"Sir, can you... uh, ... I was telling Carla, I like the fact that she's so open about her body, now, that she's... able to be naked, like, cooking? And... I... wonder if you'd mind if I ... was naked, too?"
Just about this time, Dave walked in, and heard the tail of it, I saw his head tilt in attention out of the corner of my eye.
I said, with a snort that said, 'duh', "Of course, go ahead! Be as naked as you want!"
"But... I think I'm too shy, and, uh, Carla says you can..."
"Help you? Sure. Lean in, I'm going to whisper in your ear."
She did, and I gave her a Pretty Please that she would be," ...perfectly comfortable being naked around her friends, inside, but to be respectful so other people don't freak out and you don't get arrested."
I asked if she foresaw any harm from this and she said, "No," so I 'made it so'.
Grinning as she stepped away from me, she turned to Dave and asked if he would mind being naked in front of us, and he said, "Uh, no?"
Pulling off her t-shirt, she set to stripping, but then turned around and saw Dave wasn't following her.
She said, "Okay, now, we're even in this. You get to stare, so do I. Off with your clothes, too."
Carla and I just stood back and watched. I suddenly realized that I would be the only one dressed, so I got up and stripped, too, folding my clothes into a 'tidy' pile.
We sat down to dinner (on hand towels, no bare butts on chairs, per Carla) and talked about random class stuff, etc. At the end of the meal, Carla pulled out her phone, dialed, and shushed us. "Daddy?"
We were quiet.
She put it on speakerphone and described that we were interested in renting out the old Falls Crest retirement home, as a way to save money on housing, maybe even make some. She described that with 20 units, we already knew enough people that'd like staying there if it was $100/month cheaper than the dorms, and we'd only have to get 30% occupancy to make it work.
Mr. Jennerson (her father) asked good questions, ones I might have, maybe, and promised to get back to us the next day. He sounded pretty positive.
I felt a little weird being naked having this conversation, but, hell, it wasn't a video call.
After dinner, I went into my room to study, and Carla dressed and left to go back to her place to get more of her stuff. Before she left, I told her that, sure, she could sort-of move in for a while, but that sometimes I'd be having other girls come over to stay and she shouldn't expect to be my only girl.
She laughed that off and kissed me goodbye. I had no way of knowing if she thought I was kidding.
Dressed again (it was odd to study naked), I got back to work.
Near 10 pm, Carla got back with a couple of trash bags with clothes and books -- most of her room's stuff, she said -- enough to make me reasonably convinced I had a new roommate. I wasn't sure about that, but she was fun to have sex with and I liked her, personality-wise, so it was a fine-for-now thing as far as I was concerned.
She spent some time organizing clothes with neater piles and folding things carefully; I didn't mind too much but was tired and went to bed before Carla got out of the shower.
Sometime during the night, Carla moved and I woke to find that I was spooning her, her butt rubbing up against my front and making my hardness rise between her butt cheeks.
Of course, I pulled her head around and we kissed while I played with her parts, toying with nipples, running my hand down her front and finding the right bits, and noting that her nubbin generated the cutest little gurgles in her throat when I made tiny gentle circles on it.
She didn't last long and grunted loudly (our door was closed). I didn't even have to say the magic word 'Big-O!' to her three times.
On her back, she pulled me on top and there was plenty of bouncy-bouncy, but also quite a lot of kissing and happy sensation-sharing we both could get into.
Afterwards, I slept, since that's one sure way to turn my brain off is to give me a good orgasm.
== Chapter: Happy Breakfasts ==
The next morning, I awoke to smells of coffee, bacon, and other yummies (and an empty bed that had been slept in but wasn't at the moment). A quick shower and shave later, I was dressed and in the kitchen to find two very-naked women, Mads and Carla, cleaning up the kitchen and puttering around.
They both liked the naked-cooking thing. Dave wasn't up yet, so it was just them and me and a table set with a glorious breakfast.
I love French toast.
Kissing everyone goodbye, I headed to my early class. As I biked (clothed!) through campus, I watched all the pretty girls walking (and some biking) and thought about the fact that I could "have" any of them.
Something bothered me about that idea, though, even as I was having it.
Looking at a random pretty blonde girl, I wondered what she'd done in life to get where she was then, and if I interrupted that life with my own petty wants, was I doing something bad?
Was I functionally stealing part of her life? Would it be theft, to insert myself into her situation, without her having a choice in the matter?
With my bike locked, I stepped onto the sidewalk and walked behind her, thinking, not close, but close enough to see how the hairs on the back of her neck were whispy and really damned cute.
Some part of me realized that I could jog ahead of her, purposefully trip and look pitiful, and make her one of my harem.
She'd love me, she'd be obsessed, and caring, and utterly enthralled, because I had been at one instant a sad piece of shit to look at.
The word 'enthralled' rang with me. En-thrall-ed. In-Thrall'd. Hmmm...
That word meant something. It was like, I was forcing things on her that she wouldn't choose, making her do actions that weren't her own volition, should she not have been in Thrall.
I got to class, stepping in and sitting down, mid-way back, no special seat for me.
Looking around at any of the girls in this course, I could even reach out and touch the entire class at once by walking up front and falling over.
I could have a GRAND time!
That'd be wrong, obviously, too, unless I was ... saving them from something. Or, if I had some higher purpose, like, if the building was going to fall down and the only way to get them out was to force them, then I'd be justified.
After class, I went and sat in a common area and cleaned up my notes from the previous class. By copying them, I could solidify it all, since about half the time my notes had gibberish or incomplete thoughts, like I'd only written loose concepts and not the details.
All the while, I was glancing up and noticing all the gorgeous girls walking around me, or sitting near me, etc. Sure, there were guys, too, and sometimes they were couples, but I could look and dream.
Finishing, I had another half-hour so I went to Dreyfus, the bookstore, and found 2 textbooks for the phil dept's classes on ethics. I couldn't afford them, but once I had the names I found them at a pirate website for free and downloaded them to my laptop.
As horny as I was, I wanted some clarity to know if I was doing good things or not.
All through my next class (I sat in the back and half-listened), I read through the textbook. I kind of amazed myself at how fast I was reading, but it just flowed into me like it was super-simple and I could kind of predict what it was going to say next.
The textbook had some of the same frameworks I'd seen on this great comedy show, the 'Good Place'. It's where a lady gets trapped in a kind of after-death limbo, with a philosopher as a roommate. She had to learn ethics, so I'd heard the names of the people the book was talking about.
Let's just say I finished the book by the end of classes, happy that I'd spent the effort.
Normally, I headed home after my last class, but I felt like working on my math (PDQ). The trouble was, the things I was working on I realized I should have learned better in calc class the previous 2 semesters. So, off to the library I went, and happily they had some books of solved calculus problems, where I could do some problem sets and then check if I was right.
My PDQ text was partially hardcopy and partially online, and when I did problems for homework it made me enter the solutions to a website and checked my answers as I did them. It was a real racket. I could only rent my text for a single semester, or I could buy it and pay 5 times the price and have access forever (Absolutely Nobody did that).
The problem was, I wanted to do Calc 1, 2, and 3 problems again. The book I'd found in the library was good, but I couldn't check it out, it was 'reference'. I also couldn't see where I'd gone wrong if I had a hard time with something, and I did, which was why I was on this silly expedition to begin with.
I needed money to buy access to textbooks. These were big expenses - hundreds of dollars for calc problems that were the same as people 100 years ago did. It was definitely an evil racket.
Frustrated, I headed home. It was already late -- 6 pm -- and I'd had some messages saying dinner would be ready when I got there.
I liked that idea. Service!
Walking in, the place smelled amazing. I set down my pack and hung my threadbare coat, quickly being greeted with a quick hug by Mads (wearing apron showing ample sideboob since she wasn't wearing anything under it.
Carla walked over, and I noticed the room was warmer than I'd remembered setting the thermostat at. She also was naked except for wearing sandals. The voluptuous body in front of me just made me again confused how I got so lucky.
"We turned up the heat so we didn't have to shiver. I'll get your clothes, too, if you want?"
I shrugged, "Sure."
She and I worked on getting my clothes off, and she folded them into a pile as we went, then took the pile back into the bedroom.
Mads came out again from the kitchen duties and asked, "Dinner is almost ready. Do you like Modelo?"
"Beer?"
"Yeah, I like it, and Dave picked up a case from a friend's house earlier."
"Sure." I hadn't had it before, and I didn't like the crap American beer that was normal around parties, but what the heck, I'd try this stuff. I sipped tentatively -- it was pretty good. Not epic, maybe, but far better than pisswater-Coors or a fork-thick local brew I'd had once.
Watching the girls' butts move around, I was intrigued and just wanted to hold on to them. I think my eyes staring gave it away to Carla, who came back from putting clothes away with a towel over her arm. Taking me by the hand, she stretched out the towel on the couch seat and had me sit on it, then knelt in front of me and just took my cock in her mouth.
Ah -- spontaneous blowjob! Excellent!
She struggled with it, though, pushing her head down and trying to get as much of me down as possible, but I could tell she had a choking problem.
Taking her head in my hands, I looked in her eyes and calmly said, "Pretty please... From now on, you are easily able to control your gag reflex. You can control your throat muscles... just like your vagina muscles... easily, and be comfortable using them, to make a cock feel good. Make it so."
Carla got this broad smile on her face, and went back to working on my cock.
Off to the side, Mads came out of the kitchen, followed up by Dave (also naked). Mads said, "Kev, I heard that! Thank you!! Oh, that'll be so great, to be able to do that easily now!"
Dave, looking at Carla bobbing her head all the way down my pole now, said, "Yeah, uh... Kev? I ... don't think I need that instruction, since I'm with, uh... Mads now? But... thank you, I think." He cleared his throat and said, "If... Uh... If you want, I can ... help out, though. I'm comfortable, now, like you said, but I'm not sure I know how."
I kind of shrugged at Dave in a way that said okay but looked back at what Carla was doing and loved it.
Pretty soon, I felt myself tightening up, and spurted into Carla's sucking mouth, my vision going wonky with fireworks and sparkles, a much more powerful cum than I'd had while just jerking off.
Mads came out from the kitchen carrying a small wet kitchen towel and tapped Carla on the shoulder.
"Trade ya."
Carla's mouth popped off my cock and she stood to get out of the way. Mads looked down then knelt in front of me, and Carla said, "Sorry, Mads, I sucked most of it down. I still have some in my mouth, not sure how much is left in him."
I was in happy-ville, so I kind of idly observed this interaction, but realized that Mads had wanted a taste of my cum, too.
Carla had some on her cheek, maybe, I couldn't tell, so I said, "I'd love to see you two kiss and get all sexy with each other."
Mads said, "I'm straight, Kev."
"Pretty please. From now on, you totally like making love with girls, too, you're really comfortable with it and it's easy and fun and just fine and joy-filled, just like guys. Make it so."
Mads thought about it, and turned to Carla, who was standing there waiting.
Carla said, "I still have some in my mouth..."
Mads shrugged and came in close to her and they kissed, with some "Hmmmm's" coming out of the interaction.
Dave watched with me; I glanced over at him and he was nodding just like I was.
Mads broke the kiss, said thank you, handed off the wet towel, and went back in the kitchen. I got a warm-wet-towel cleanup, and got to sip my beer some more and just enjoy having Carla curled up next to me for a while until Mads called dinner.
Moving over, we carried the towels around, and it felt nice to have dinner as a group. I liked eating with the eye candy of happy, bouncing, beautiful boobs staring at me as I ate, and smiling faces above them.
They, and I mean both the people and the boobs, just made me happy, what can I say.
As we were finishing dinner, Dave looked at me and said, kind of serious, "Hey, I heard the pretty please earlier about being bisexual, right?"
"Yeah?" I should have figured he'd have heard that from the kitchen.
"You said, 'making love with girls, just like guys, is fun'. And, I realized, it might be, and I should be open to that, so... I'm wondering, I haven't given any blowjobs before, did you want one tonight? We could play, maybe, or sleep together?"
My mouth was a little open in amazement. I didn't realize it could apply to Dave, too, and ... I wasn't into that. More than that, if I was making him forever gay, that'd be a major life change, like, a big deal for him. Sure, it was a big deal for the girls, too... but ... they were both kind of ... aw, hell.
"Uh, Dave? Pretty please, just Dave, from now on, you're straight, but ... Were you straight before you met me?"
"I played around with a friend of mine from junior high once, we tugged on each other's dicks a little, but it didn't go anywhere, just fun stuff. Yeah, I was straight."
"Okay, then, Dave, you're straight again now, just like you were. But, you're open minded. You don't care if other people are straight or not. Make it so."
Dave got a kind of faraway look for a minute, and said, "Oh. Okay."
The girls and I, and Dave, all looked at each other and we laughed, like, "Oops!"
Carla asked, "So... Reminds me, should I modify the instruction sheet? Our shared document? I could add the lesbian thing, or about the gag reflex thing? The ... Vagina thing? Like, the Big-O?"
I thought about it and said, "Definitely the gag and vaginal muscles thing, and the big-o, but ... just if they're female. Make them comfortable being bi-lesbian."
She got out her phone and edited the document, for any future people.
The whole idea of a bigger harem had an appeal.
After we all finished eating, we cleaned up; I pitched in for a while, but Mads insisted that the kitchen was her domain for the night, except if she asked for help.
I went back to my room and got to work on Studying, though I got a little chilled and put on a T-shirt and underwear.
That night, amidst brand-new clean sheets and in a well-straightened room, Carla and I lay in bed and contemplated what life would be like living in a big sort-of frat/sorority house like the assisted living place. She thought it'd be great fun, and I had to agree.
"Got a question, though, Kev. What other people do you want to invite? Just girls, mostly? So, they're, like, all your girlfriends?"
I thought for a moment, and said, "Almost. I want to say, maybe 2 or 3 guys besides me, who can do handyman stuff. I'm sure the place is going to have a lot of fix-ups. If we rent, we can get the owner to do those, but if it's us owning it, we'd need serious construction trade help. I'm ... not ... I don't know how to do that stuff really well."
"Of Course! But, what if I could find women who knew construction? Like, women engineers, or women carpenters, or... whatever?"
She'd challenged me. I hadn't realized I was being sexist there. "Great! Sure... I love smart women."
Rolling on top of me to straddle my stomach, she pushed up, her hair falling around her face in a halo.
Grinning and wiggled her butt on me, she said, "Smarter than you are?"
I cupped her butt in my hands. "Yes. I'm medium-smart, at least. Or, I grew up that way. So, yeah, I need lots of smart women around me."
"What do you want out of life?"
Running my hands up her back and around, feeling the wonderful skin, I said, "A long life, with lots of great sex, big family - lots of kids! A career... doing something good for the world... a big house, comfortable living arrangements, maybe a summer house on Mars. You know. The little things."
She giggled and we kissed, her breasts rubbing against my chest delightfully, and my cock trapped against my abdomen -- until it got trapped a little lower. Not exactly lower, really, I should say; vertically, it was trapped higher, but more with a regular intermittency.
Fun!
== Chapter: Demographics ==
Walking around campus the next day, I was struck yet again (ok, it was daily) by how beautiful some of the women were, even hidden by clothes as frumpy as those normal to mid-October weather. Sweatshirts bulged with boobs of every size, legs under skirts (long or mid-length) sometimes were bare or sometimes covered in tights or yoga pants, butts in jeans or obviously shapely even under thicker sweatpants.
A popular fashion seemed to be a kind of loose flannel pajama bottom with the name of a sorority, or a frat, or even 'Chemistry', 'pre-law', or whatever. Those were sweet, given they were usually tight enough to see butt-cheeks undulating underneath them, but the girls seemed to enjoy not being so very much on-display, I figured.
In the best tradition of women's clothing, they hinted very strongly but did not outright reveal.
I was Seriously Horny!
Sitting in class ('modern British literature', a required English credit), I looked around and noted that the majority of the class was women - 22 of the 30 there that day - and pondered how I could make myself look foolish. The problem was, some percentage of any set of people wouldn't have pity for me, but instead contempt or some measure of humor.
I'd have to select out the people who looked at me with pity, and get rid of the rest. If I really wanted the whole class, that is. Did I? It's not obvious that'd be a good thing. I only really wanted a mid-day fuck, or a BJ, or something, but relatively right-now.
A trip-and-fall scenario would probably work, but what could I say?
Really, I didn't want a lot of them, I wanted one, and soon.
There was a super-pretty girl that sat near me, very down-to-Earth but so far out of my league beautiful that there would be zero chance I could ever get anywhere.
As soon as class ended, I stood up, and made sure to get packed, but walked over to her. I purposefully let my voice sound kind of dejected and sad, but at the same time slightly hopeful. I figured it was the most pitiful sound I could give myself.
She looked up at me.
"Hey, uh, Daphne, right?"
She answered as she stood, "Yes?"
I hemmed and hawed a little, and said, "Uh... So, a couple of my friends, they ... yeah, they bet me, last night, ten bucks, that I wouldn't go up to the ... Oh, yah, sorry to do this to you... to the most beautiful girl in any of my classes, and... yeah... ask her out? All I have to do, I know, is just... ask. You can say no, now, and ... I'm so sorry to be so lame, i know I'm lame, it's ... my place in life. But, ... do ... you... uh..."
Deliberately, I didn't get the question out.
She had been looking at me somewhat disdainfully, like this happened every once in a while.
A girl that she obviously was friends with and sat near, both of them were there. The room had cleared some as I'd been talking, but they were both there.
Daphne's eyes shifted, in maybe 10 seconds (a long time to wait!), from frustrated want-to-exit, to gradual smiling, to inner-discovery, sorta. Her friend crowded in, too, with a similar look. I didn't know the friend's name, she hadn't been called on in class yet.
Daphne asked me, "What's your name?"
"Kevin."
"Yeah. What is it you want, exactly?"
No one was around us now! My chance was there!
I had my phrase ready. I'd practiced it. I said, kind of pitifully, to both of them, "Want? Me? I want... Might as well ask for what I really want: I want to marry both of you into my giant harem family. That is, as long as you could cooperate with the other harem wives and be lifelong loving respectful partners in the group. I guess."
They nodded at me, like this was a serious question to be considered instead of a wacknuts idea from this guy they barely knew.
Daphne said, her voice an even tone like she was agreeing to the choice of pizza toppings, "I'm good with that. You seem like a nice guy, and Greg is a bit of an ass a lot of the time. He won't really understand this, but... I can tell him after lunch. What about you, Shelly?"
Shelly, that was her name.
She looked at me with a confused face, but nodded, half-smiling, "Yeah, I could do that. I broke up with Steve this summer and I promised myself to not do anything drastic until next semester. The breakup was really rough. But, Huh. You're lots better, Kevin, I just know it. I like the idea. Yes. I'm in. I'll marry you. How can you be married to both of us at the same time?"
I nodded and said, like it was an obvious truth, "Yeah, it's kind of how harems work. It's a group-family, we live together and share and cooperate and work together to raise kids and have great sex with just each other, not outside people."
They were nodding, thinking about it.
I added (knowing I had them), "So, you two, plus some others, we'll all live together and have a big family, all living together, or very nearby. Still, best be quiet about it, have a good cover story to tell people, they might get wrong ideas."
They were nodding, "Oh, certainly."
Daphne asked, "Can I still finish college? I really want to finish college."
"Yes, of course! This is just a love-life, living-situation, family thing. We still get to have careers, mostly. We'll all live together off campus. Here..." I got out my phone and pulled up the text that Carla had created, then handed it to them so they could read it, "Read this, and obey it."
They both read it carefully; Daphne finished before Shelly, but they looked at me for confirmation. I said, "Go." That was the trigger word for them treating me like a sort-of normal person.
Daphne's demeanor went back to more fun-loving. "So, when do I meet your other wives?"
"Later today." I gave them my address. "But, first, question. Do either of you have any medical diseases or conditions?"
They answered no, so I said, "Good. Dafne, I'm really super-horny now. Do you have a class right now?"
"Not for another hour."
"Shelly, you can go, you can sleep over tonight. I want Daphne to give me a blowjob first."
"Oh. Okay!"
Shelly started to walk off and called back, "See ya, Daf. Tonight, around 7, Kev?"
I said, "Yep, bring stuff for staying overnight."
"Got it."
Daphne and I walked out of the room together. I was somewhat enthralled (yes, in-thrall) at having eye candy like her anywhere near me, but it might have just been my perception. She was a lot more of the girl-next-door beautiful and not at all in the bimbo-hooker skimpy-clothing vibe.
She asked, "So, where do we do this? Not a lot of empty rooms on campus."
I thought out loud, "Oh. Library is next door, one of those small conference rooms, or deep in the stacks? You think?"
We shrugged into a 'lets-try-it' and walked off together.
I couldn't get over it. Daphne was Seriously Beautiful. Like, I was sure she could model if she wanted to, she was that pretty. To me, at least.
Soon enough, we found the second sub-level of the library had a map room, and ...wow - it had its own single-person handicap-equipped bathroom! We went in and shut the door.
Daf, as I decided to call her, quickly pulled off her light pullover top to reveal a t-shirt, and then, pulling that off, her Amazing breasts being held in by a bra with very complicated overlapping straps.
I stepped in and we were going to kiss, but I ducked into a hug and kissed her cheek, wrapping my arms around her chest to unbuckle the formidable bra.
Setting them free and kissing down her neck, I pulled it off and set it over the sink on her top. Deciding to acknowledge reality, I just said the word that appeared in my head, "Formidable."
She chuckled, "Oh, for sure. Special bras, like, forever. I'm always having to put up with men staring at me, so I have to wear thick tops to keep it all hidden away."
"I see why. You're really beautiful, in the face and body, and then, yeah, the boobs catch the eyes, but I got stuck early, in your eyes."
"Why, thank you, Kevin!"
She leaned in to kiss me, her mouth opening and her arms encircling my shoulders. Our tongues danced in a super-turn-on way, and her breasts pressed against my shirt in ways that made it obvious what was going on.
I took the opportunity to rub my hands all over her back, pulling her tightly to me, caressing her, and eventually working my way around to the front to cup and squeeze even as we kissed.
Perhaps too much nipple play made her break the kiss, and she bent down to one knee. As I pulled off my own sweatshirt, she undid my belt and pants, pulled down my underwear, and got my cock out, purple-headed hard and pointed to her face. "Ooo! Very nice!"
"Thank you."
She kissed around it, sucked it in, and started bobbing her head on me. Her ability to deep-throat me amazed me - but then I remembered we'd included that instruction. She was enjoying her ability to do it, too, based on her smiles.
I leaned back against the wall and let her bob, jacking with her hand at the same time, and giving me an amazing blowjob. Something about the way she was swallowing and moving her tongue at the same time just sent me into bliss-heaven.
Not too long after, I came!!! oOOOOhhhhhGooodddddd....
She slurped it down like a champ, pulling suction on my head even as I jerked my hips involuntarily from the depth of feeling of it all.
The feeling got to be too much and I had to tell her so, so she stopped, slurped, and I looked down to see her very happy face smiling up at me.
"I LOVE doing that! Guys just go ape-shit. Granted, it's only really been Alan and Greg, ever, and now you, but... fun stuff!" She licked her lips and then the back of her hand appreciatively, "And, plus for me, you taste good, too. Thank you for showering."
"Of course?"
"Greg likes to do it _after_ the party, when we've been dancing, and ... we could use a shower beforehand, but, yeah. Still, okay though. I'll call him later, try to break it easy."
The thought of some guy being jealous wasn't great for me, but I tabled that and pulled her up to standing in front of me, her giant boobs held in her bra but enough flesh was showing for me to see the very nice look to them.
We kissed, and I could taste an odd...
What was that?
'Ah, that's me.' I realized I was tasting my own sperm in her mouth, and at first it was kind of scary, I admit, but then I thought, hey, well, she has to taste it, and if I go down on her... _when_ I go down on her, she'll have to taste herself, too, so... yeah. I shrugged it off and hugged her.
"Daf? Can I call you Daf?"
"Of course, everyone does."
"You have a class soon?"
"Uh..." She looked at the clock, "About 20 minutes. We could get going?"
I pulled up my pants and straightened up, and we went outside. I had an hour and 20 to my next class, so we kissed and then just walked side by side. I was walking with a pretty girl!!!
"So, Kev - when will I see you again?"
I thought about it, "Shelly is coming over tonight. And, I have Carla staying with me now. What are your classes tomorrow?"
She told me and we coordinated so I could get another BJ after my first class and before lunch, and we kissed briefly before splitting up to walk in different directions.
Watching her walk away, I knew what was under that sweatshirt... and, it was mine to play with!
Some part of my brain stopped that statement, and I checked myself and decided I was going to make sure she had as good a college experience as I could help her with, and hopefully we could make a life together, with... some other family members?
What kind of life was I setting myself up for? Did I even know this girl? What if she was batshit crazy - or had disgusting personal habits? How would I know?
Considering this, I remembered I had an ace up my sleeve. The instructions said if I made a 'special request', I could change anything about her that I wanted. I just had to be super-careful about how I did that - it was a fuckton of power to hold over someone, and I wasn't sure I could use it wisely.
Frankly, I wasn't so wise to just pick a girl or two and decide so fast that they were worth spending my life with. They could have oddball relatives, or be a closet racist, or crazypants obsessives, or massively kinky? Or, a religious super-believer?
Or, maybe that wasn't a problem since I could alter their perspectives?
Telling someone to 'be less crazypants' might work or not. Racism was manageable? Maybe?
Thinking about it, if I found a racist, I could just tell them to only be racist against LizardMen and GrayAliens, that all humans were in it together against the Others. I had to laugh. The cure for racism might be a strong belief in the supernatural, aliens, or the Loch Ness Monster. Wow.
If someone was super-religious, did I have the right to change that belief structure? Would that blow up all their family relationships if they came home and said, 'uh, no, I'm Buddhist now' or something?
This was another laughter-at-myself point, that if I did find a girl that was super-religious, making her into a Buddhist Evangelist, attempting to convert others to the Most Righteous ranks of ascetic saffron-robe-wearing monks/nuns, that'd go over SUPER well at the church revival picnic!
The idea of Buddhists, with the perfectly-at-peace, want-nothing, be-serene love-everyone sort of attitudes, being militant converters of 'heathen' Christians was just basically funny to me. Of course, I had no idea what actual groups of Buddhists were like, I just had this stereotype from movies of a dude on a mountaintop. I hadn't met many Buddhists. It kind of inspired me to ask someone, I was at a college, after all.
I'd grown up Catholic, but I was pretty sure it was okay to ask people what their religion was about, if I was nice about it.
My mind went back to Daphne... Daf. Daf was Freakin' Gorgeous. I was not so gorgeous, as a 'hunk of man meat'. I'd heard that in a movie and forever afterwards, all through high school, I joked with myself looking in the mirror that I needed to be more man-meat-like, at school or the party I was going to or whatever.
What would life be like with Daf, long term? How was I supposed to know that?
A phrase occurred to me, from Fifth Element, "Are you Corbin Dallas?" and, "Negative, I am a meat popsicle." I wasn't Corbin, I wasn't a meat popsicle, I wasn't sure who I was, but I was sure I had a good thing going so far.
The laugh about that idea gave way to trying to envision things... "I wonder," I thought quietly, talking to myself as I walked down the sidewalk between buildings, "what kind of mom she'll be. What kind of mom...Lelu Dallas would have been. That body! That body Pregnant! A Fifth Element Kid. It boggled the mind.
== Chapter: Crowded House ==
That afternoon about 4 when I got back from my physics lab, I came into the apartment to again smell great food cooking.
Carla and Mads were again in the kitchen working, NAKED, aprons covering their fronts but Very Cute Butts were sticking out the back.
The menu, I came in to find, was meatloaf and potatoes dinner with veggies on the side and even some jello with pineapple, too! The amounts of food were pretty large, but they showed off some new plasticware for storing leftovers and the plan was to make enough for several days so everyone could have what they needed.
I kissed Carla (Soft Lips!) and stroked her lower back appreciatively, and got an "Mmmm" in return.
Mads didn't want to be left out, but I kept her hug more chaste.
Turning back to Carla, I said, "Oh, by the way, I have a friend from class coming over at about 7, so she'll probably have already had dinner. Did you want to stay the night, or sleep back at your place, or is this your place now?"
"Home is where you are, Kev. I haven't moved out totally from my old room, so I can go back tonight and finish packing, and you can ... Have Your Fun." She smiled at this and raised an eyebrow. "What's her name?"
"Shelly. If you're here when she gets here, we can do introductions, if you want... if you're not busy with homework or something...?"
Carla nodded, "Sounds good," and went back to dinner-making.
I had some lab write-ups to do so I headed off to my room and cranked out that and a basic outline for my English paper.
Dave came back and got naked, too, since why not, he said.
I stayed dressed since I thought I might have to go outside to help Shelly find our apartment or something. I was the only one wearing anything, but it was fine, they didn't care.
About halfway through the meal, Dave told Mads he really wanted a blowjob sometime soon, and she just said, "Oh, I'm horny, too, hun. We can 69 after dinner, maybe."
Dave laughed, said, "I'm mostly done anyway, I can start now." Moving over, he got in front of her chair, kneeling.
Mads turned sideways, still sort-of eating and kind of surprised, then slouched down as Dave pulled her legs wider and up as he ate her out with some gusto. Her face was super-fun to watch. First it was just sighing with a pleased, distant smile, then lower-lip biting, then breathing funny, then pulling on her own breasts and nipples, then leaning her head back on the chair and groaning.
It wasn't more than a few more minutes until she came, gasping and screaming. I wondered if the downstairs neighbors would hear, but we didn't hear them usually so it was probably okay.
Carla had her hand down in her own crotch and I had to wonder what I wanted to do to help that out, too. Still, it was entertaining just to watch Mads as she got off on his licking, then slowly returned to normal when he stood up.
He came back to sit down at the table - as if nothing had happened.
Wow.
We finished eating, Dave and I helped to get the dishes into the dishwasher, and we watched a video on archeology, something Carla said she liked a lot.
Right at 7, the doorbell rang. Before I could get to it, Carla opened it and ushered Shelly in, then got her coat hung on the coat rack.
Carla being naked didn't phase Shelly, who just came in, pulling a small overnight bag with her.
I made introductions all around, and soon there were hugs. Once I explained that Carla and I were 'together', Shelly leaned in and hugged her again and said something about needing to talk a lot so she could find out all kinds of things about me that she was Just Missing Out On.
Carla readily agreed, but I suggested that I had a lot of homework to do.
Daring a little bit, I added, "And, if Shelly and I are going to spend some of tonight making love, we're going to need to get to bed early so we're rested for class tomorrow."
Shelly nodded, and Carla got up and got her stuff ready.
Dave and Mads had their book bags and went into the kitchen table area and did their studying there, unconcerned with us.
Now, the instructions had included that they would treat me like a girlfriend-wife should, and not be jealous of other girlfriend-wives. Still, it was kind of odd to watch Shelly chat with Carla and then kiss cheeks and hug over a shared interest.
Carla said her goodbyes, I kissed her, and she left, headed to her dorm to make way for me to have sex with this totally new person in our lives.
Leading Shelly back to my room with her bag, I said, "I have a little more homework to do, then we'll get naked and have sex, sleep, wake up and more sex, whatever we can do."
She was agreeable and just said, "Oh. Okay!"
Shelly got naked then got unpacked. She'd brought just a few crucial clothes and toiletries, but also some books and her laptop. After she got set up (I watched out of the corner of my eye between homework problems), she plopped down on the bed and started typing up what she said was an English paper.
Some pains never cease, and English papers were on that list. I was better at them than I had been, and I did sort-of see the point, but it was a lot of work.
After a while I was done, and went over to watch her. She obliged but asked for a few minutes to finish a paragraph and I readily agreed.
Looking over at her working on her laptop, I decided I should find out what kind of person I was getting to know. She had to be more than just a pretty face.
Once she finished up her work, she apologized for taking too long. "And, I'll make it up to you, too. I've never had sex before, but I'm sure I'll be really good at it."
"Wait, you...?"
"Oh, right. I signed an abstinence pledge when I was in high school? I promised to not have sex until I was married. At the time, I thought it was really cool and that guys would find it cool too, and want to marry me so they could marry a virgin."
I was confused, "And... now?"
"GIANT pain in the ass. I'm trapped. I never really bought into it, but I'm really horrible at lying and my mom and dad always know when I'm telling one. I knew, if I actually did have sex, they'd ask me when I got home, how's your pledge holding out, I'd end up trying to lie and then I'd get disowned."
I laughed, "Disowned?"
"I dunno, something! Mom always said it would be super shameful, and if I ever got close I would need to go talk with the pastor for a LONG time, and maybe go to a summer camp where they help you pray away the evil impure thoughts."
"Oh." I couldn't say much to that. "Uh, what if you don't want to go to summer camp, or see the pastor?"
"Like I'd have a choice! Dad has a way of making things happen, Always. He's got friends, too, like lots of people know him, and when I'd do something even close to wrong, they'd tell him and I'd get a spanking or sent to my room or have to make paper cranes for like 10 hours."
"Someone _spanked_ you? When was that?"
"Oh, last time? Mom did, like, senior year of high school, I didn't get home in time because Tim and Mary took too long getting his pickup moving, and... Yeah. So, mom was waiting in the kitchen with Dad's fraternity paddle."
I was pretty sure I didn't want to know.
"Naked? Spanking, I mean?"
"OH, wow! No. NO. Over my skirt, Mom'd never do that! She's probably never seen herself naked in the daylight! Ha!"
I laughed with her, but then she reconsidered and said, "No, wait, there's a mirror in the bathroom, yeah, she's seen herself. She just - she's strict, is all. She'd, say, 'There's _ways_ to be, Rochelle. You must live to a higher standard, above reproach,' but I never knew what 'above reproach' meant in real life. It sounded like being a nun or something, but we're not Catholic."
"I am. There's not that many nuns anymore, anymore than there are monks, at least as far as the churches I've been to. Maybe the entire middle ages - sending your daughter to a nunnery - was a passing fad."
We laughed.
Changing the subject back, I asked, "So, us having sex tonight ... what does that mean to you?" I had to feel her out on this. It felt wrong to push her on it, but at the same time, I was seriously horny.
"Well, the pledge is _seriously_ unfair. I had no idea what I was signing when I signed it - I mean, I did, but I didn't - no idea of the implications, like what high school would be like? And, the way they sold it to us! She said it was Easier, for God's sake! It shouldn't be legal, it's like there's no justice."
"You want justice?"
"Yeah! I want justice!"
So that's when things started getting BIZARRE!
== Chapter: Making a Federal Case Out Of It ==
My cell rang. Her cell rang. I was pretty sure I heard gongs. A moment later, Dave walked in the room, looking dazed. Then, Mads came in, too, dripping water since she'd been in the shower, but she was confused. Both were naked, looked disconnected, and sort of staring straight ahead.
We looked up at them, they just stood there.
I picked up my cell to look at it, the noise was odd, and stopped when I picked up the phone.
There was a middle-aged lady on video chat - and I recognized her from watching the news. I'd done a 'write a biography' paper on her in high school English.
It was Supreme Court Associate Justice Sonya Sotomayor! OMFG!!!!
SHE WAS ON MY PHONE!!!!!
Sotomayor was wearing... a bathrobe? Definitely not a judicial robe, but she didn't say anything. It wasn't a recording, I was pretty sure of that, because it shifted as she went to a chair and sat down in what looked like a living room.
Shelly's cell had connected a call, too.
She held it up, had two people on it, her parents, also on split screen. They were just waking up, but silent and kind of dazed looking.
Shelly's laptop made noise, so I held Shelly's cell while she turned laptop around - another video chat call, and it was two other people. They looked slightly dazed as well, but stayed silent. Under their pictures were their names, Rev. James Barnett, and 'Pam Davis, Youth Pastor and Church Secretary'.
Shelly whispered, almost calmly, not moving much. "What the fuck is happening?"
"No clue!"
We were all naked. It didn't matter somehow? I was inspired to put my phone on the shelf above the desk so we could all see it, and Shelly did the same thing at the same time - we were being manipulated to do that - but somehow, it was okay. She didn't care that we were naked, and the images on screen didn't show that the other people had even noticed, either.
Justice Sotomayor spoke, "Shelly, and I have no idea why I know your name, I'm pretty sure I'm here to be a judge for you? I am, oddly, completely familiar with your case? This makes no sense, but, it's like I have to say certain things? Do I have your permission to adjudicate the case of Injustice now before me?"
"Uh... Yes?"
"Somehow that's a relief? Okay. So, we have your church's senior pastor, Jim Barnett - the pastor you were talking about - and Pam Davis, your church's Youth Pastor and church secretary. We also have your parents Dan and Linda Johnson, your roommates David Kay and Madison Charles, and Kevin Cooper, roommate and fellow Claimant. Under penalty of law, do you each swear or affirm to tell the complete truth and abide by judgements made?"
All of us in the room and on the screens said, "We Do" at the same time. I had no idea how we did that, but I meant it, so, yeah, I must have had a reason.
"Claimant Rochelle Johnson cites injustice in the following forms. One, subjected to deliberate unjust psychological manipulation by defendants Barnett and Davis, she did sign at age 13 a Pledge of Abstinence from sexual intercourse until she was married."
Shelly said, "Yes." After a second, she said to me, "I don't know why I'm compelled to talk?"
Sotomayor spoke to her and said, "You swore to do so. Court directs all witnesses to confine answers to yes or no, or the shortest possible explanation. Next."
She looked from side to side, like she was seeing us on her screen.
"Charge Two, a pattern and practice past age 13 of corporal and emotional-distress punishments for small and large violations of verbal contracts with parents Dan and Linda Johnson, the preponderance of which are situations where the punishment greatly and cruelly exceeded the scale of the contract violation."
"Charge Three, pattern and practice, by all defendants, of abduction and coercion using far-distant isolated camps dedicated to physical, emotional, and psychological manipulation of child-minors, frequently such dislocations predicated on violations of coerced verbal contracts."
She looked at all of us and paused, looked up and considered. We all just waited. I couldn't say anything, despite the SUPER WEIRD aspect of all this.
OMFG material, seriously.
What the hell was going on? We were in a trial?
For some reason, I couldn't talk. I... almost felt like I could, but she'd said not to, so ... I didn't?
We all just watched her silently over the next 5 minutes as she moved her mouth and eyes and face differently, squinting like she was thinking about something and then deciding on it, then moving on to another mental topic.
The progression of her expressions fascinated me. On her side, it was obvious she had no concern whatsoever about how she looked during the delay.
We all seemed pretty calm, waiting, like anyone would wait for a moment for someone, except the moment had stretched out a long time. Still, I didn't feel any pressure to do anything besides just stand there and wait.
Ending the silence, she pronounced with a definitive air, "I have completely reviewed all material now. It's something I can just remember as if I was there, and have the objective truth of an outside viewer in the rooms during all pertinent scenes. As I am an omniscient judge, no evidence will be excluded."
"David and Madison, I have placed these experiences in your memories during this time, too, and allowed you to read and understand my prospective judgments. Please state your verdict in concurrence or dissent."
Dave said, "Concur fully," and Mads said the same thing.
"Noted. I hereby pronounce judgment. James Barnett and Pamela Davis, for the crimes above I find you guilty. Additional plain-view class action status is granted and you are pronounced guilty on an additional 124 counts of misdemeanor kidnapping and child abandonment. These include sentence enhancements due to willful disregard of LGBTQ biology, basic anthropology - which I note was your major, James. Hypocrisy enhancements are thereby also applied."
"Your sentences are to be served together. On waking, you both must serve 5 years with second-calling extra-hours jobs 15 hours a week doing crisis and acceptance counseling with LGBTQ youth and adults. You now accept LGBTQ biology and modern American social contexts for free gender and orientation, and sexual expression with liberal social agendas. You will regard this as a joy and blessing, and you will lament in low-scale background feelings, for the rest of your lives, your previous actions. You will also do all in your power to bring enlightenment to your congregations on these topics to make them more accepting and inclusive, reject narrow self-centered judgemental viewpoints, and embrace 'Love is Love' concepts."
They nodded, accepting this fate.
"Parents Dan and Linda Johnson, for the crimes above I find you are also guilty. Hypocrisy enhancements are applied. For physical pain and suffering, I direct you subject each other to double the physical pain inflicted since age 13 on Shelly, and to accept this as a just result. I've given you both a subconscious counter to track this pain, and pain-meter to gauge severity, to ensure this occurs. To assure this occurs, you now will have strong habits to do physical exercise past exhaustion, stretching and yoga well past pain thresholds, etc. Your bodies will not actually be hurt. You will feel the pain but still be compelled to repeat it, until your paint counter again shows zero due."
They nodded with very concerned eyes, but were silent.
"Also, you will now share the same attitudes and acceptance of sex as a Good Thing, as Shelly's 'goth-lesbian' friend Leisha, who Shelly holds as a model for such acceptance. You will fully accept and affirm Shelly's decision to enter Kevin's harem-family and will graciously support grandchildren born of this joining, including children born to Shelly's sister-wives."
"Defendant Kevin." What? I didn't know I was under judgment!?!
"You have convicted yourself. You have freely admitted to your acts in both conscious thoughts and subconscious attitudes. As evidence I admit these section 804 'mental statements against penal interest' - your guilt of mental entrapment, coercion, tortious acts of mental and physical enslavement, enforcement of degradation on innocent third parties, and several other immoralities and illegalities for which there are no recognized laws but violate your own ethics."
I had to agree, that pretty much summed it up, I was guilty.
"I concur with these admissions and pronounce you guilty. You are now judged Married to Shelly, as well as Daphne Graf and Carla Joseph, not today present. I have placed this info in their awareness as an assumption. You are committed to love and support them in line with those women's and your current shared conception of what constitutes a modern American marriage. You will have minor guilt about these transgressions as infrequent background thoughts to inform your conscience. Near the end of your life, you will be compelled to write out what has happened today in a full confession and publish it."
I said, "I accept guilt and this punishment." I did. Why I said it out loud? Anyone's guess.
"Further, Kevin, I free you from your deliberate or inadvertent enslavement of those around you. This includes Professor Shelly Abrams - not my good friend from Georgia [she smiled] - I have returned her to normal now and enabled her to complete forget about you... though I've let her keep the instructions to be healthier with low effort, that was a kindness."
She considered things for another moment, then pointed with a tap in the air, like she was choosing between options on an invisible screen. Dragging some over, she swept her hands aside and continued, taking another few minutes, punctuated by a lot of intricate hand motions that seemed to be affecting what she could see.
Finally, she settled in on something and looked back at us.
"Right. Now. Upon best judgment for compatibility, and with the benefits of omniscience, I have selected 16 additional harem-wife members for your family unit, and have given them the instructions in the document you created with Madison and Carla, since I only selected women that would regard those instructions as being a benefit to them. No more pretty-please's."
"These women have been given awareness they are now married to you, and each other, in a poly relationship. They will accept this unquestioned, and move on with their lives, with you, under those assumptions. They, and you, will all be basically ethical and honest with each other, because I'm making you. You will have to live by the rules, too, Kevin."
"With some degree of omnipotence - and I seem to be able to do this - I decree that any person learning of your family relationships - harem wives and children - will regard them as normal, legal, proper, admirable, and private to you, not to be generally discussed. As a subject, this topic will be forgotten and generally regarded as trivially unimportant by everyone learning of it."
"As your goals had some altruistic merit, I shall grant your family the boon of long life and good health, ample numbers of children and grandchildren with each wife, and fine attention to enlightened ethical living."
"Since you are the only male in a large group of females, in the interests of their needs I empower you with the physical, sexual, and emotional capacity to service those needs, and for your wives to satisfy yours, as well as each other's needs and desires."
"Your chosen housing location will be sold to you, Kevin, for a pittance, so that your entire large family can move in quickly. Sufficient cash flows from various sources will finance your situation so none of you suffer depredations of financial worry there.
"Next. Yours, and others' children, basically all children around your family, won't perceive any of your private activities with your wives, and will grow up normally in a healthy and empowered socially normal paradigm like any other American children from your region."
She paused for a moment, looking around again.
"I have just adjudicated various injustices done to your harem-wives..."
Again, she paused, getting an increasingly concerned look on her face. She returned to going through a long series of looking up and considering, deciding, etc. Her eyes were all over the place, and obviously she was thinking a mile a minute.
She looked at us for a minute, interrupting herself, to fill us in.
"On consideration, I see you ALL are suffering from some grave injustices done to you by the society you live in! I've made a list of the most egregious injustices... This is a class action due attention!"
Again, she went silent for several minutes. We just had to wait silently. I was amazed that everyone was patient, but it did seem that she was kind of an omniscient, omnipotent being masquerading as a SCOTUS judge. Or, perhaps Sotomayor was really God. It was funny, on one level. But, I didn't think that was the case. I was pretty sure Sotomayor's body and brainstem were in use but the real Spirit of Something was somewhere else, moving through her.
"And, there! I have fixed several injustices in your society you each have raised throughout your life. Starting next year, all major industrialized countries including the U.S. and EU will forgive all previous student loans and refund loan payments made over the last 30 years... College educations will be free for everyone. Racism will gradually decline, worldwide, as people move countries, they'll just feel like it. The U.S. will add universal free healthcare, inexpensive cures will be found for most major diseases and conditions including obesity and old age over the next ten years."
"More and more marriages of your type will become acceptable and normal. More girl children will be born than boy children, to enable more poly relationships and decrease societal violence and inequity. Colonies in space will relieve any population pressures on Earth."
"Okay, so that's about all I can do. I will completely forget this proceeding immediately upon hanging up, as will everyone but you and the harem members. Those persons will join you at your new residence in about two weeks. You all will be young and fit and sexy and happy for the next 200 years. Anything else?"
Shelly asked, "Can I..."
"Yes. And, yes. No. Yes, Mars, but it will be a hassle, rules of physics. No. No aliens. Yes, aliens made the box, but no, it's gone now. No, you can't meet them. You sort-of already have. Fine, yes, only comfortable, not billionaire status. Global warming is still your problem. Okay, cheap PV panel tech, you get that, and batteries. Overfishing? Fine, protected, but that's it. Humans have free will, you need to take care of yourselves."
I hadn't had but flashes in my head this whole time as she answered questions before I asked them. I could see Shelly's mouth and eyes moving like she was thinking, too, so maybe it wasn't just me.
Sotomayor said with a finality, "Make Good Humans," and hung up.
We kind of stood there for a few moments. My phone and Shelly's were on a bookshelf facing the room so we could see, and Shelly's laptop was on my desk.
Shelly's parents and the pastors were still online, though.
In the self-view screen on each of them, I could see we all, in my room, were naked and on full display. I think it took Shelly a moment longer to react; she covered her breasts with an arm and walked over, hanging up the phones and closing the laptop.
Dave and Mads looked at us. Mads asked, "Why are we in here?"
I said, "Because you love showing me your gorgeous body and to snoop on whether Shelly and I were having sex yet. Dave came in to see Shelly's body since she's pretty, too."
Shelly laughed and said, "I am, of course. You can look, Dave."
Dave turned to Mads and pulled her into a facing hug, "I have mine. You two do what you want. I love this one."
They kissed and got more passionate, so I went over and kissed Shelly. Eventually Dave and Mads left, my eyes following Madison's Sweet Butt away from us as they walked.
"You're watching her butt."
Leaving the door open, I kissed down Shelly's body, nuzzling a breast before saying, "Yeah, well, it's pretty sweet to watch, but it belongs to her and Dave now. YOU, on the other hand..."
"My butt belongs to me, and to you, and whatever other 16 wives it turns out we have."
"Plus Daphne and Carla. So, you three, plus 16 is 19, plus me, makes 20."
"Did that just happen? It already has a kind of dream-like quality to it. Sotomayor? Really?"
I shrugged, incredulous. "Yeah, that happened... but... I'm not sure myself."
"Do I really get to have kids and have it not hurt?"
It's funny she focused on that. I was soooo not a girl.
I focused on licking her delicious juicy sex, and a half-hour of solid work later, finding out what sounds she made when she had her third orgasm in a row. I now had skills I didn't know I had before, and I intended to follow my favorite Supreme Court Justices' advice, to Make Good Humans.
A good human is a happy loving human. At least, I try to be.
== THE END ==