I got down from the bus and into the full sunlight which had, for the past three hours of my ride, been dulled by the tinted windows. I had no good reason to travel all the way to this remote edge of the bay, other than curiosity and a need to get away from it all. I felt that the further away I physically got from the city, the more distant my anxieties and frustrations would become. I wasn't carrying much with me -- just my phone (set to be switched off as soon as I found a good spot on the beach), sunglasses, ID, plastic money, some change - and a book. It was just around noon by the time I started walking along the shore, and about a quarter hour later I'd found a place behind an outcropping of some boulders.
I took my tee-shirt off and bundled my belongings into it. This went into a small nook I found under one of the boulders. I kicked my flip-flops off and padded into the waves. The bay had a narrow lip through which the ocean came in. So it usually didn't kick up strong waves - making its entire shoreline ideal for swimming. The aged, tide-washed rock basked under the spring sun behind me as I waded into the cold water. I lazily swam alongside the shore for the next half hour, listening to the seagulls and the echoey infinity underwater.
The waves lapped gently against the sand and my feet as I walked back up to the spot where I had stashed my belongings. I retrieved my book and the sunglasses. I settled on a bit of low-lying flat rock, with my back against a raised lip. I went through the next fifty or so pages, looking up occasionally to take in the shimmering bay and bright white expanse of the beach. I was seated facing the beach along its length. Seagulls and the odd raven flecked my gaze. This went on for a while. The next time I lifted my eyes up from the pages, I saw a woman walking away from me.
She must have passed me by without noticing. Wearing a colourful two-piece bi-
Hold on
My eyes, predisposed as they are to a woman's derriere, had caught the diminutive, floral print bikini bottoms first. The fabric was straining to escape the clutches of the woman's curvy asscheeks as she lazily made her way down the sand, feet flirting with the waves. My gaze lingered there for a couple of moments before traveling up her back to her flowing dark hair. Then I realised that she didn't have a top on.
As she retreated away from me, I noticed the unmistakeable jiggle of breasts, the unrestrained sides spilling out of the silhouette of her torso. The buxom brunette had one arm stretched out, holding what looked like a GoPro on a camera grip. The little action cam was held to one side, facing her, at about shoulder level. She alternated between looking into the lens and looking out to the bay. About fifty metres down the shore from where I was sitting, she stopped and did a slow pirouette -- getting a 360 panoramic video I suppose. I watched as she lowered her arm and flipped the GoPro over to check the footage she'd gotten. She started walking back towards me as she reviewed the recording. I lowered my gaze back to my book, lest she notice me and discover that I had seen her topless.
The sound of her footsteps crunching on the wet sand grew steadily till it abruptly stopped. I looked up to see the woman looking straight at me. I guess bright red board shorts can only be so inconspicuous.
I didn't know what to say, so I smiled. Her face, in turn, went from an expression of being mildly startled to breaking out in a reciprocal smile.
"Hi! I didn't notice you here." She said, trying to mask her awkwardness.
"Hey." I responded, still smiling. Now that she was this close to me, I realised that she seemed vaguely familiar.
"Umm, been here long?"
"For a while, yeah."
"Sorry if I... distracted you. I'll let you get back to your book.". Thus far she'd made no attempt to cover herself up. I tried to keep my eyes level with hers.
"Not at all. You have a good one."
The woman took a couple of steps and stopped again.
"Hey I know you."
"Yeah?" I raised my sunglasses over the top of my forehead.
"I think so. Don't you live on Samara street?"
"I'd say that's knowing quite a lot." I replied, still smiling, although my eyebrows knitted together in perplexion.
She must've noticed my discomfort, because she hurriedly added "It's just because I live right behind you. Our backyards face each other."
"Oh they do?"
"Yeah! It's funny, meeting you out here, so-"
"-far away from the city." I finished her sentence, and we both broke out into a laugh. The awkwardness eased a little. In my peripheral vision, I could see the pendulous mounds on her chest quiver as she laughed. The woman -- rather, the girl - couldn't have been more than 21. I extended my hand and told her my name. She stepped forward and shook it. As she did, I noticed her bikini top was wrapped around her forearm.
"Alia."
"Nice to meet you, Alia. Do you come here often?"
It was hard to keep my eyes from slipping, seated as I was while she stood over me, tits almost in my face.
"Umm not really. I just wanted to take a break, and head out to a beach. One a lot less crowded than the city beaches, you know."
"I get you. I came out here for similar reasons."
"Did you come by yourself?"
"Yeah. You?"
"Uhh... Yeah. Yeah I drove down."
"Great day for driving along the coast. And... soaking in the sun."
"I know, right?" she laughed, a slight awkwardness stealing over her again.
This wasn't going anywhere.
"Well, I don't want to keep you from doing what you were doing. Have a great rest of the afternoon, Alia. I'll see you around."
"Thanks! You have a good one too. Bye!"
I lowered my sunglasses and watched her delicious ass as Alia walked away and disappeared behind a rocky corner. I picked my book up from my lap and saw that the head of my throbbing cock was peeking out from one leg of the shorts.
Fuck
Hoping Alia hadn't noticed, I got back to reading my book. The vision of her body kept floating to the front of my mind, making it hard for my erection to die down.
If it doesn't go away on its own soon, I might have to lend a hand...
Over the next five minutes I debated jerking off behind the rocks. But what if someone else walked in on me? They might be a fully clothed, conscionable member of public, or worse -- a lifeguard. I didn't want the day to end with a charge of public indecency being slapped on my head. Not that I hadn't ever flirted dangerously close to that happening, but why push your luck twice?
Then, the same tits which had led me into this predicament swung into view.
"Hey, do you mind if I chilled here for a while? It's getting blazingly hot out in the sun and this is one of the few good spots with shade." Alia asked. She noticed the hesitation in my voice before adding, "I swear I won't disturb you from your reading again."
But what if I already am disturbed?
"Sure no worries."
"Thanks!"
Alia plonked down near my feet. She had a beach towel which she spread on the rock, then laid down on it, toned belly up. She closed her eyes and drew her arms up behind her head. Her still topless tits lay (somewhat flattened, but still) perked on her chest, heaving up and down with each breath she took. Her lightly tan nipples proudly sought the heavens, the salty afternoon breeze caressing them. Now I knew my erection was going to turn positively priapic for as long as this gorgeous woman stayed within visual range of me. I tried to read but the aching throb in my boardshorts might as well have been a fire alarm with the way it was announcing its presence.
Stay calm, and don't do anything stupid.
As I was internally deliberating a reasonable excuse to leave -- that too without waving my sprung member in Alia's face when I stood up -- her voice broke my reverie.
"You know our window that looks out into your backyard?"
"Huh? Yeah... Yeah I know the one." It was a tinted-glass window, which sat just above the fence separating my backyard and my neighbour's. For the first six months after we moved into this house, I wasn't even sure if anyone lived in the house behind us, since that window was the only portal to that house from our side, and the opaque tint made it impossible to detect any movement within.
"It also looks into your kitchen."
"Yes it does."
Her eyes still closed, Alia continued. "That window is my bedroom's."
THAT explains why it's tinted.
"Oh!... I thought that space was a kitchen as well."
"You'd think, right? Anyway, during the last summer, I had nothing much to do except sit and... play videogames in my room, cuz my parents went back to China and I had to babysit my brother, who can pretty much take care of himself."
"Uh huh."
"And... I'd sometimes look over at your house. I mean... not that I always did it consciously. The window that looks into your kitchen is literally ten feet away, on the other side of the fence."
"Go on."
"Out of all your housemates, you kinda stood out."
"In a good way I hope."
She laughed. "Of course! I wouldn't have kept looking otherwise"
This is getting interesting...
"Kept looking?"
"Haha, umm..." at which point Alia rolled over to her side to face me. She raised herself up by the elbow. "Well... you were always the most animated. Headphones parked on top of your head, blasting god knows what in your ears. Laughing, bopping your head, dancing. You're hilarious when you dance."
"You're welcome." I said snidely.
"Oh come on!" she reached out and placed her hand on my knee. "YouknowI wasn't making fun of you."
The contact was unexpected, but I didn't let it show on my face. My cock did twitch, though. I put the book face-down on the rock beside me.
"Uh huh."
"I'd only spot you once or twice a week, and later on in the summer, mostly during the weekends."
"Yup, I was away most weekdays on a summer project." That brought back its own set of memories, ones which only made the matters in my shorts more urgent.
"Uh huh? And the times that you did spend back home, you started getting more and more... shirtless."
I had to laugh at that. "Summer was hot, what can I say."
"On some evenings, when it was dark outside and your kitchen lights were on, I'd see you flexing at your reflection on the window. You have a nice body, you know..." Alia started trailing her fingers lightly from my knee to my thigh. "Strong and muscular on top but just a little hint of fat around the middle. Then thick legs and powerful calves all the way down. And it all only got better as the weeks went on."
"Jeez, I can't help but feel a little objectified, Alia." I replied, with no attempt to hide the sarcasm in my voice. Grinning, she rolled her eyes at me and continued.
"And uh... I also caught you fucking that girl in your backyard."
I should've seen this coming.
Couldn't have done it in the house, could you?
I grew defensive.
"Is peeking at other people's business a hobby of yours or something?"
"What was a bored, lonely girl to do?" she asked, giving me puppy eyes. Her pleading tone of voice was equally sarcastic. Being annoyed wasn't gonna help, so I responded tongue in cheek.
"You could've come over, said hello."
"And then what?"
"And then... we could've fucked at home instead of having to travel three hours away from the city."
"What!" Alia looked like I had slapped her in the face. Her hand paused on my thigh, but she didn't remove it.
"Look, it wasn't my intention, and it probably wasn't yours when you came all the way out here today. But I knew, as soon as you walked back around the corner with your tits still out, that we were gonna get handsy."
"I don't know how you can justassume-"
"-And the GoPro that you so sneakily placed over there..." I pointed to the lens glinting in the sunlight, peeking out from under her bikini top which she (thought she) had inconspicuously placed in a small nook on the boulder face.
"... isn't fooling anyone into believing that it isn't pointing straight down at the two of us."
Alia lowered her eyes, but a sly grin spread across her face.
"Well that ruined the whole scene I had in mind." She said in a low voice. "But fuck it, why not."
She resumed stroking my thigh. This time her hand kept slipping inside the leg of my shorts.
"I can edit this out in post."
I had to laugh at that. The very next second I clenched my teeth and gasped, when Alia grabbed my straining rod. She squeezed and started stroking me. I hastily pulled the shorts-leg all the way down to my crotch so her hand could move more freely. Now my whole cock lay exposed, and Alia wasted no time getting to work on it. Her fist serviced me back to full attention in no time. The glans peeked out from beneath the dark folds of foreskin like a rosebud.
"Mmm... I had a peek at this earlier and it looked just... so... juicy."
She bent over and placed her unparted lips on the tip. Her long-lashed eyes glanced up at me mischievously as she grazed them on the exposed head. Her bottom lip curled out and circled the ring of foreskin, trailing a slight sheen of saliva around the circumference. I groaned at the sight.
"You want me to take your whole cock in my mouth, don't you?" she asked, grinning slyly. I nodded. "The head feels so good against my lips right now. I can almost taste the precum."
As if to illustrate her point, she raised her lips slightly off my cock. A glistening thread stretched off the tip with them, looking like a dewy spider-web on a sunny morning. My cock twitched at the sight.
"Fuck!" I hissed and reached for the back of Alia's head. She ducked and tittered.
"Not so fast!"
She pulled her head back and resumed stroking my cock. Slightly dismayed, I clenched my fists and let her take her own course.
Fuckher lips had felt so good!
Alia sat up and scooted closer to me. Crossing her legs under her, she stroked me with her left hand while her right hand conjured a bottle of lotion. She squirted a wad of it on her palm and started rubbing it in with both hands. With twisting motions of her palms, she worked it into the shaft until the dark skin glistened. Alia then squirted another wad into her palm and moved lower, to my balls, pulling them out of the shorts. With one hand she pulled the skin over them taut and gripped the sack between her thumb and forefinger from where it hung under the member. With the other she transferred the lotion on them and started massaging it in.
The air grew fragrant with the scent of coconut oil. When she was done, she motioned for me to take my shorts off entirely. I lifted my ass up slightly and slid them down and off my legs. Alia brought her towel over and made me lie down on it. I noticed the GoPro was now stood on its tripod about half a foot away from us. Pointed at my crotch, it made zero pretences about shooting all the action.
Again, she sat down cross-legged next to me, and resumed her ministrations. I craned my head up slightly to look at Alia's silhouette against the sunlight. The rim of her sunglasses glinted. Her dark shoulder-length hair drifted gently with the breeze. Heavy breasts hung unfettered from her chest, pushed close together as her intertwined hands worked on me.
From time to time, she'd switch one of her hands between stroking the shaft and massaging my balls. I'd almost never seen them so swollen as they were right now. Alia might as well have been a succubus, building up my load and teasingly, painfully slowly, coaxing it out of my cock. I was positively leaking right now. She made delighted noises each time she dabbed a fingertip on the opening and pulled up a stringer of precum. She'd do this once every minute, and each time the stringer would grow longer. She'd also tickle the frenulum with her fingertips and run the tip of her thumb under the ridge of the glans.
"Are you an expert on handjobs or something?" I asked between gasps after the latest time she'd brought me close to the edge.
"I don't know!" she giggled, "I just watch a ton of porn. The ones with those massive cumshots are my favourite."
"Figures."
If my cock doesn't explode in your face, my balls sure will.
Alia kept up her attack, but my will was failing. As soon as her topless tits had swung in view half an hour ago, she'd began chipping away at my humanity. Right now I was little more than a hot, sticky, throbbing cock and a bushfire of nerve endings. The pulsing of my prostate had been steadily growing in pace, and my whole being reverberated with it. I heard a man's high-pitched moaning but didn't associate it as the sounds coming out of my own mouth. Squinting, I looked up at Alia's face. She met my eyes and nodded.
The orgasm seemed to build right from my toes. It shot up my calves, roared through my thighs, tunnelled through my taint and flooded my balls before punching through my manhood. The first spurt flew a good foot above my crotch, followed by ropes upon ropes of my warm seed. I saw flashes before my eyes as each jet of jism spewed out. Alia later told me that I'd become almost catatonic for a few seconds, breath ceased, drooling, eyes scrunched shut. It was the most powerful orgasm of my life, delivered by someone who had been a total stranger a short while earlier.
My eyes were open, but they only regained the power of sight after about a minute. I found Alia gently massaging my balls, coaxing the last few drops of cum out of me. When she was satisfied, she dipped her fingers in the pool of cum that had formed on my groin and scooped some up. She held out her jizz-covered hand to the camera and splayed her fingers. The thick blobs of seed ran between and down her fingers, dripping on the rock below. She scooped up some more off my crotch and twisted her hand this way and that, for the benefit of the camera. After about a minute of cum play, she grabbed the GoPro and switched the recording off.
"That show is over. But this one is just for you." She winked at me, and raised her hand above her head. The last of the seminal fluid shimmered and gleamed in the sunlight as it ran down her palm, the middle of the wrist and forearm. When the rivulets of cum reached her elbow, Alia stuck her tongue out and traced their path all the way up to her hand, collecting them in her mouth. She did this several times until she had licked all of her skin clean. She then turned to me and parted her lips. Her tongue lay swirling my jizz around inside her mouth, mixing it with her spit. She grinned at me. And right then, a woman appeared from behind the rock corner.
"There you are!" the woman exclaimed.
Alia's grin switched to an expression of horror. Her jaws snapped shut and she swallowed hastily. She turned around to look at the woman, whose face morphed first into an expression of shocked realisation, then to one of grim authority.
"Get up and get back to the car. Wait for me there."
"Auntie-" Alia began.
"-And cover yourself up before you do!" the woman barked at her.
Alia got up and sullenly collected her things. Her eyes met mine for half a second, and I expected to see guilt, shame -- at least, an expression of "ah fuck I'm in trouble". But there was none of that. It was something else. She turned away before I could decipher it. I started getting up.
"You sit right back down!" the woman sternly ordered.
She snatched the GoPro from Alia's hand as she passed her by. Alia opened her mouth in protest but thought better of it. She walked away and disappeared behind the rock. Alia's aunt watched her back recede and then made her way over to me. I foolishly tried to speak up.
"Not one word out of you." She silenced me.
Alia's aunt fiddled with the GoPro's controls and played back the events of the last half-hour. While she sped through the video, I glanced up at her body as she stood over me. The woman was slightly shorter than Alia, but with longer hair which came to below her shoulder blades. She was also wearing a two-piece bikini, although more conservative than Alia's -- meaning her tits were covered up and her panties were briefs rather than a g-string. But she sure did fill them out nicely...
My cock, still out of confinement, twitched again. As I tried to discreetly raise my eyes to take her in again, I found her looking straight at me. She clicked her tongue disapprovingly.
"You're still not done perving, are you?"
I hung my head sheepishly back down. Alia's aunt looked at the GoPro again, and considered something for a moment. Then,
"Okay get up. Pick up that towel and follow me."
I rose up and began to pull my shorts up around my waist. Lightning quick, she slapped it down.
"There's no need for that."
I decided to play ball, just to see where this was going. I bundled my belongings in Alia's beach towel. Her aunt stood with her back to me a couple of paces away. Without turning, she raised her hand and beckoned me to follow her, her index finger curling twice in a 'come hither' motion. We turned the corner and started walking along the shore, towards the parking lot. And other beachgoers.
If her plan was to shame me by making me march nude on the beach, it wasn't gonna work. Firstly, her plump, swaying ass was a sight to behold, framed by her turquoise bikini briefs. Secondly, I was enjoying the looks we were getting from people as we passed them along the way. An Asian woman leading a naked brown man on the beach was probably something they didn't get to see a lot. I grew bolder.
"For an aunt of a university student, you don't look that old."
She kept walking but turned her head a fraction to the side.
"Were you expecting a 40-something year old? Not that you wouldn't perv on me if I were."
"Can you blame me?"
She didn't say anything, but I'd like to imagine she smiled. Her long dark hair floated on the breeze. It was clear she'd been in the water earlier, as her bikini was still wet. The way her bottoms clung to her curves, the back engulfed by her asscheeks... my cock twitched again. My balls began tightening. As usual, my imagination got ahead of reality and I saw her bikini bottoms slowly recede and disappear between her ass. The crotch outlined her puffy mound, and if I concentrated hard enough, I could almost make out her labia...
My feet hit paved ground and I broke out of my reverie. We approached a station wagon, and found Alia waiting on the other side. She looked surprised to find me, then her eyes travelled down and seemed fixated on my crotch. I looked down... to find my second erection of the day -- which I almost rammed into Alia's aunt as she suddenly stopped. She turned around and slapped me. Then she walked over to Alia and slapped her as well.
"You two are veryfuckinglucky that it was me who found you and not someone else. Can you imagine the ruckus they might have made?"
"Well nobody seemed to mind when you paraded me naked-"
"Shut up!" she spat at me. Then, turning to Alia "Is this what you made me drive two hours for? Just so you could ditch me, strut around with your tits out and video yourself jerking off a random guy on the beach?"
"He's not a random stranger! He's a neighbour of mine!"
"Oh really? Wait till your mum hears about this. She's gonna have you grounded for the whole year!"
"My mum doesn't control my body Irene! Fuck!"
So that's her name. Irene.
Irene slapped her again.
"You don't get to call me Irene! It's either aunty or aunt Irene you insolent little slut!"
"You're only ten years older so no! Fuck you!"
At this point I had to step in. Before she could raise a hand on Alia again, I wrapped an arm around Irene's waist, pinning her one arm to her side and grabbed the other hand by the wrist.
"Aunt Irene," I said in a soothing tone, "I think we should all calm down for a second."
She struggled in my grip, but it was in vain. I pushed her onto the side of the station wagon, pinning her between the door and myself.
"Let me go you pervert! Taking advantage of young women like this!"
"Hey, she was the one who put the moves on me, not the other way around! Also," I continued as she tried to wrench herself away from me, "to be honest, you're more my type." I looked at Alia. "No offence."
"None taken." She replied, somewhat curtly.
"Excuse me?" Irene blurted out. "What do you mean, your type?" I brought her other hand to the front, grabbing it with the arm that held her to me.
"A sexy older woman who knows what she wants and," I ran my now free hand down her side, following the curve of her ass. "can get it. If she asks nicely."
Irene ceased struggling.
"What doyouknow about what I like?"
"I don't, really. But I can guess." I purred in her ear, while sliding my fingertips back up her side, and under her breasts. I cupped a fleshy mound and squeezed it. Irene sighed. My erection was pressing up insistently between her pert buttocks. I kissed her shoulder and ground my crotch against the damp fabric.
"Okay. Okay okay okay. Let me go."
I gave her boob another squeeze before letting go of her hand and stepping back. Irene turned around and looked at me for a couple of seconds, like she was considering something. Then, she looked at Alia.
"Get the GoPro."
**********************************************************************
There exists a video on a popular adult video streaming website. It's been uploaded by an anonymous user, and runs for slightly more than 30 minutes. The first fifteen minutes feature a popular camgirl giving a handjob to a brown guy on an unnamed beach. The uploader hasn't credited her in the video, though, considering it might have gotten a couple thousand more views had they done so. This part cuts between a view of the girl and the man from a small elevation -- showing the man's three-quarter view and the girl's back as she's laying on her side - to a much closer view, as she begins stroking him. This part culminates in the man blowing a giant cumload. The girl scoops up his jizz in her hand and exhibits it for the viewers' pleasure.
After this, the video cuts abruptly to find the brown man and an asian woman kissing by the side of a car in an open parking lot. It isn't clear whether this is the same woman from earlier who jerked him off on the rock ledge. Keen viewers might notice subtle differences like longer hair, a different bikini, slightly lighter skin, etc. But most don't, because it doesn't matter to them one way or the other.
The woman has her hands wrapped around the man's face. He's naked. They are French kissing, slowly at first but more passionately as the seconds roll by. The man has his hands cupping his partner's ass, caressing her pert cheeks and sliding his hand in and out of her bikini bottoms. The camera pans around them from one side to the other, and the man is seen slipping two of his fingers inside the woman's bikini-crotch. She moans appreciatively as he rubs her mound. The couple are framed against a backdrop of the shore behind them. The sun casts long shadows on the adjacent cars.
The woman breaks off the kiss and hungrily plants smaller kisses down the man's neck, chest and abdomen, before getting to his lengthening cock. She squats and looks up at him as she grabs his manhood and starts stroking him to full attention. The man braces himself against the side of the station wagon as his face contorts in pleasure. His dark cock glistens under the sun, even before the woman spits on it and rubs it onto the shaft. Not long after that, she engulfs his manhood in her mouth and begins to blow him.
She's energetic. Judging by the way she works on his cock, she's almost hungry for his cock. Maybe for any cock. She vigorously rubs, strokes, sucks and licks the member. She even tries to take all of him down her throat, a couple of times. The man groans as he watches her gag in her efforts. After her third try, she pulls her head back, trailing a thick rope of saliva from her mouth to his cock. He touches the side of her face and caresses it. She gets up, and pulls him by the hand to the back of the wagon. She raises the boot lid and tells the man to get in.
Once inside, he folds down the back row of sits and lays bare back on the flooring. The woman climbs in and straddles him on top. She teases him, rubbing her pussy on his shaft. He grabs her tits and fondles them. They both grin and moan. After about a minute the man has had enough. He cups her asscheeks and pushes her hips up. The woman gets the signal and slides the crotch of her bottoms aside. The camera moves closer to capture the bulbous purple head enter the woman. A long moan escapes her mouth and she starts moving her hips up and down his cock. Each time she pulls up, her pussy lips flare out slightly, showing off the rosy pink interiors.
The camera pulls back, out of the open boot, and the viewer gets another glimpse at the beach in the distance. A family passes by, with apparently no idea about the couple steaming up the car a couple of feet away from them. Moving to take in the view from the side of the wagon, the person holding the camera opens the door. She is reflected on the painted metal, image unnaturally distorted by the curved metal. Again, keen viewers might notice her bikini top and figure she's the girl from the earlier part. But, like before, it doesn't matter.
The man and the woman fuck cowgirl for the next few minutes, their pace growing increasingly frantic. He tries to time his thrusts with hers, until she starts slamming her hips down on his groin. It's all her show from then on. Her moans have grown louder, and the man eggs her on. After a couple more seconds her body jerks and she digs her fingers on the man's chest. Her eyes roll back and her climax knocks the breath out of her.
The man watches her and grins at the camera. Rather, at the girl filming them. He's having fun watching the expressions of the woman on top of him. Spent, she slumps her head on his chest. But the man isn't done yet. He gently rolls them over, and climbs out from the boot. He beckons to the woman, who follows him.
Once outside the car they kiss passionately, tongues slipping inside each other's mouth. Then he turns her around and raises her one leg so that now that foot is resting on the lip of the boot, and the other one is holding her weight on the ground. He squats and starts kissing up the back of her thigh. He plants light kisses on her ass and her taint, before spreading her labia with her fingers and sucking on them. He eats her spread pussy for the next five minutes, darting his tongue in and out of her sex and using his fingers to rub her clit. His mouth is covered with her pussy juices by the time he's done with her, leaving her a quivering mess.
He takes his cock in hand and guides it inside her again, eliciting another long moan. Grabbing a hold of her hips, he starts fucking her. He beckons the girl to get in the boot and film them from the inside. She obliges, sliding into the boot through the rear doors. The viewers get a great shot of the woman as she gets fucked from behind. The guy reaches front with one hand and pulls her bikini top off her chest. Her tits spill out and start bouncing to the beat of his thrusting. With the same hand, he grabs one breast, and with the combined leverage from that and from her hips, starts fucking her like a man possessed.
The woman soon hits another orgasm but he doesn't stop. It's a few more minutes before he pulls her head back and whispers something in her ear. She shakes her head. He turns her face towards him and kisses her, thrusting all the time. Then he lets go and begins positively ramming into her.
In a few seconds, we see the man push his cock as deep as can in the woman before orgasmic convulsions take over him - for the second time that day. His groin rubs jerkily against the woman's ass as he empties his balls inside her. The woman pants in the foreground, tiny streams of sweat running between her tits. The man finally pulls out and leans against an adjacent car. He looks exhausted, but flashes the camera a grin. The last shot in the video is the view as the camera comes around the woman's side and closes in on her freshly-fucked pussy. It's dripping jism, some of which runs down her inner thighs.
It's the only video that anonymous user will ever post.
However, it's not the last video from, or of, the girl from the first part.
Nor is it the only video of the guy floating around on the website. He's been here before. And, judging by the way things left off in his previous, self-uploaded video, he will most likely be back.