The silence is all but deafening, hanging like a shroud across the salty air after the chaos of the battle. It's cut only by the rhythmic lap of water, the creaking of wood, and the gentle crackle of flames as they begin to devour our ship. I've heard of battles at sea lasting for hours upon hours, as tenacious Captain's pitted their ships doggedly upon one another, but ours was over in minutes.
Not that I actually witnessed all that much of it. The moment I heard the call from the crow's nest I had been on alert, and then when I saw those blood-red sails cresting the horizon, their distinctive wing-like shape, and saw the first colossal splash as a cannonball had struck the waves just off the starboard bough, I'd fled below decks. I'd peered through a gap, watching them draw nearer, and in horror had realised we were turning to face them. We might have outrun them, if we'd caught the wind just right, but Captain Dragur had clearly been out for blood. When the first cannonball had slammed into our stern with an explosion of fractured wood, I had hid, cramming myself into a cubby, and listened, terrified, to the cacophony of the battle as it was thrust suddenly upon us. Blasting cannons, explosive impacts, the clash of swords, the screams and the shouts.
I'm not ashamed, I'm no fighter. I was on that ship because I had nowhere else to turn, not because I truly fancied myself a pirate. I've never even been in a proper fight. To put it simply, I am - was - nothing more than a street rat. I grew up in Kingston, just an urchin, stealing and pulling tricks to scrape by, and while I'd encountered my fair share of pirates, their ways at sea were hardly familiar to me. I'd never even been on a ship until I'd stepped afoot the Baroness' Charm.
I never lived a life of luxury, but I did alright for myself, making the odd coin singing at bars or throwing dice. It wasn't a terrible life, I actually rather enjoyed it, and likely would have gone on enjoying it, had I not gone and made the tremendous mistake of falling madly and utterly in love. Her name was Eliza, a comely, auburn-haired beauty, who just happened to be the daughter of one of the richest plantation owners in Kingston.
We'd met after I'd leapt a fence while running for dear life, an often enough occurrence, and had practically fallen right into her lap as she lay reading beneath a tree on her father's property. From the moment I'd looked into those emerald eyes I'd known it was love. We'd spent months meeting in secret, shy trysts at first, stealing kisses, and then rather suddenly giving into our burning lust and exploring each others bodies with all our teenage abandon.
But we'd been found out. Of course we had, and our little fling had gone up in flames, and I'd realised that unless I wanted to end the day hanging by my neck I had to make myself scarce, and fast. I'll be honest, I always harboured a small desire to one day take to the seas, to join a ship's crew and find out what all the fuss was about.
So that's what I'd done. I'd joined the first ship that would take me on. The Baroness' Charm, captained by the bearded, pot-bellied and foul-tempered Dragur. I've spent the past two months adjusting rather roughly to life at sea, and finding that a life of piracy wasn't quite as exciting as I'd always imagined. Until now, I suppose. I was treated poorly, basically a glorified cabin boy to the crew, even at nineteen, made to clean and cook and scrub the decks and...
Well, I won't bore you with the details. The important thing was that I had escaped a hanging, and that I was alive.
Although that could very well be about to change.
I shouldn't have been surprised when they found me, and dragged me out from my little hidey hole. I hadn't fought; what good would it have done? Towering Easterners, light brown or off-white skin painted with dark war tattoos, light leathers draped over bulging fat and rippling muscle, necks adorned with necklaces of bones. I suppose it's probably a good thing they found me, now I think about it, because the ship is very much aflame, set alight the minute I'd been dragged onto the plank thrown across from their rather exotic-looking vessel.
They dragged me out past the carnage, bodies laid strewn across the deck, splintered wood jutting out, bright blood painting the planks. Now, I try not to whimper as I'm dumped where my crewmates kneel, swords at the napes of their necks, shooting me sour black scowls.
"Coward," Black Pete spits, baring yellowed teeth, murder in his eyes. "Yer a fuckin coward, Jacoby."
Someone else spits, muttering darkly in agreement, as if this whole mess is somehow my fault.
I just look at the deck, unsure if it's even worth being ashamed, or terrified, or if I might as well just face death like a man, like the other's appear to be doing.
One of the large sailors who'd dragged me over thuds across the deck, sweeping his beady eyes across the gathered prisoners. He grunts, and barks a command in his native tongue. I don't recognize all the words, but one stands out easily enough.
Lao.
Just like it had on the ship when I'd heard the name called, when those scarlet sails that now ripple above me had first appeared on the horizon, a shiver runs through me. A strange, cold dread that had clutched at my heart, as someone had shouted, "It's the Dread Lotus! It's Zheng fucking Lao!"
The Black Mistress of the sea. We'd all heard the stories of the violent, wrathful, tyrannical pirate queen, her nigh-unbeatable ship and its crew, her appetite for blood and death. And the other stories, whispered in low voices, of how she made pacts with demons, brought men back from the dead in arcane rituals fueled by the sacrifice of young virgins, of how she invited demons into her body as she indulged in all sorts of sick, twisted and...unholy pleasures. I'd been told of her particular interests, of how she takes slaves by the dozen, slaves forced to tend to her voracious carnal desires, her twisted sexual needs, unspeakable things that would make even the blackest and saltiest of sea-dogs blush.
And then, I'd been told, when she grew bored of her slaves, the crew ate them, roasting them alive.
Another shiver runs down my spine as I kneel on the deck, on that terrifying monster's ship, even though a part of me knows they're probably nothing but tall tales. Just rumours, nothing more. We're not here to be sacrificed to demons, far more likely she'll just kill us the old fashioned way.
I suppose that's a little more comforting, although not much.
The crew falls silent, both ours and that of the Dread Lotus', theirs made up of both men and woman, I notice. The men are large, or wiry and scarred, while the woman all wear dark expressions, all fierce and lithe, draped in blood-red cloth. I stare at the deck as a door creaks open behind us, and light footsteps sound across the wood. I don't look up at first, just see the dark shape from the corner of my eye. I don't want to look, to even set eyes upon this creature, but something compels me to risk a glance.
I'm not sure what I expected. Horns, red eyes, scales perhaps, something terrifying and inhuman. The Black Mistress stands amidst our kneeling group, observing us with dark, slanted eyes, her lashes long and black as coal, a shadowy dusting painting the hollows beneath them. She's slight, no taller than I, her body lithe and toned with subtle muscle. She wears blood red cloth wrapped about her slender body, not quite a dress, more of a shawl, and fastened by a series of black leather straps that form a loose armour. Her skin has a dusky, yellowish cast, and is adorned with a rippled network of dark ink along her bare arms and slender neck, twisting, incompressible patterns. Her raven hair is tied in two bundles to either side of her head, a few dark strands hanging across her slender face.
Terrifying, perhaps, but very much human.
She turns slowly, surveying our group, eyes narrowing, her thin lips pressed tightly. A thin shard of white bone pierces her small nose, while more tattoos dot her sharp cheeks. Her slender fingers hold a collection of rings, glinting in the sunlight, and she rests one hand on the pommel of a strange black cutlass. I see more knives strapped to her back as she turns, another sticking from her high boots.
I know that I'm staring, and realise the moment she sees that she might cut my eyes out for the slight, but I can't look away. I'm not repulsed, as I feared I would be. This isn't the terrifying, ghastly creature I had dreamt up. I am afraid, don't get me wrong, I'm trembling. Her fierce gaze and casually threatening demeanor gives me the impression she would plunge that sword into me at a moment's notice, perhaps simply to see how I would react, perhaps simply for the pleasure of it.
But something about that fear, that sense of danger is...strangely captivating. She stands shrouded in a strange, dark beauty, weaved through that vulpine form she wears, one that makes me tremble in fear even as I stare. Those straps binding the red cloth to her do so tightly, accentuating her slender form, her narrow waist, the soft curve of her hips, the swell of her small breasts, the subtle curve of her backside. There's a savage grace about her, something both predatory and oddly...sensual. It stirs something in me, a strange mix of dread and...
Desire.
Her dark gaze turns suddenly to me, head cocking as she regards me, as if sensing my thoughts, and I look hurriedly away, my cheeks colouring.
I'm spared from further consideration as someone is dragged out from the kneeling crowd by a pirate with a shaved head spattered with dotted tattoos, and I realise it's Captain Dragur. He's badly beaten, his face bloody and bruised, a dark red stain blossoming through his tunic, and he's thrown roughly to the deck. Zheng Lao wanders over to him, her steps precise, languid, and cocks her head as she regards him, lip curling in distaste.
"So, you are the Captain," she mutters in a tight voice, raspy over her dark lips, slick with venom, and something indescribable that sends an oddly enticing shiver through me. Her English, while accented, is more than passable.
Dragur spits blood at the black boots that bind her legs, strapped all the way up to the tattered hem of her scarlet shawl. "Fuck off, whore."
She clicks her tongue. "I will suffer one insult, and one only, Captain. Keep in mind, I did not fire until I saw you turn to attack me."
"I said...fuck...off...whore!" he spits the words slowly. "You can fucking burn you sadistic devil-witch!"
Lao observes him, eyes narrowed to slits, although she looks a little bored by the display, rather than insulted. She huffs in a little breath, shaking her head slightly. I barely see her move, she does so with such speed. That black blade is drawn in a blur, and I see it flash before him, catching the sunlight dimly as it opens a scarlet path across his neck, slicing the end of his ragged beard neatly off. His eyes bulge, and he sputters blood as I gasp and pull back, bumping into the knees of the pirate behind me, who shoves me forwards. She jerks her head, and two of her crew drag Dragur to the side and haul him over with a splash.
I stare at the place he vanished, my eyes wide. I've seen men killed before, but not like that. The air beyond the railing is thick with smoke now, as our ship crackles as the flames lick at the dry wood. I swallow, eyes darting back to Lao as she calmly wipes the blade on her dress, the blood invisible against the red material, and holds it at her side. There's a small spatter up her right cheek.
I swallow again, my mouth dry. She turns and paces between us again, this time stopping before Welt, an absolute brute of a man, his shaved head bleeding from a shallow cut. She looks at him as she speaks, holding her sword out, its blade caressing Welt's stubbled cheek.
"I will give you all a choice," she says in her soft, acidic voice, "a simple choice. You may stay as guests on my ship, you will be treated accordingly, and you will live long enough to be sold into slavery."
"Fuck you!" Black Pete spits from across the circle.
She sighs, then nods her head. Black Pete is skewered through the chest from behind, another curse frozen on his scarred lips, and he's promptly hauled overboard. We all stare at the deck.
"Now, who will take me up on my generous offer?"
"If we don't," Delightful, our cook, mutters, "you'll kill us?"
"No, I am not needlessly cruel."
"Then...what?"
She jerks her head to the ocean. "I will leave you to the mercy of the sea."
Delightful swallows, and I hear a few of the others begin to mutter.
"Rather die at the hands of the sea than her."
"Twisted bitch'll probably string us up and cut us open if we stay onboard."
Lao cuts through the hushed murmurs, raising her sword before her, "What will it be, then?"
Only half a dozen or so hands raise shakily, including mine, which I thrust up almost eagerly. I'm terrified of the idea of being sold into slavery, and terrified of the idea of remaining on this ship, but it does just edge out my fear of slowly drowning. I can't exactly swim, after all. A few of the others curse and spit at our cowardice.
Lao just nods. "Good. Shackle them. Toss the rest in the sea, let the sharks fight over them. Let them keep their weapons, don't say I didn't give them a fighting chance." She flashes us a venomous smile, showing a hint of teeth as her lips curl back.
Men begin coming round with shackles, as those that did not volunteer are roughly manhandled towards the edge. A few struggle, but are quickly overcome by Lao's crew. I watch as a muscled woman with a mass of scars for an eye roughly kicks our cannon-master, Salty, in the gut as he attempts to spit on her. Lao makes to leave, pacing back towards her door, as if the whole matter is beneath her.
I breath a small gasp of relief, but it turns cold in my lungs as clarity seeps through me, twisting soon to fear and wild panic. What have I done? Voluntarily thrown myself into slavery. Here I might be made to work the plantations, but in whatever distant land the Dread Lotus sails for, how are slaves treated? I could be beaten and worked to my death labouring on some great monument, sent into the bowels of the earth to mine, never to see daylight again.
Oh God, have I made a terrible decision?
I look frantically to where my crew is being gathered, ready to be tossed over, and wonder if it's not too late to join them. I hear the clanking of shackles behind me, and my wild eyes dart about. Surely there'd be a chance in the sea, a chance someone else would happen upon us, would rescue us. Surely I could at least float long enough for that. Surely...
I open my mouth to shout, to beg to be tossed over instead, but hold my tongue as Lao stops suddenly and turns back, like a shark catching a drop of blood in the water.
"Wait."
Her crew falls still, many gripping mine. She sweeps her dark gaze across us again, running her tongue in a slither across her lip. "I do happen to have a position available, for someone to join my crew." She wanders between us, inspecting us in turn, eyes searching, a dangerous glint in her shadowy iris'.
"What position?" Long Jack asks nervously, his face a mess of pox-scars.
Lao spits a bitter peal of laughter. "Not for you." She looks at the man beside him, well into his fifties, his face a lumpy mess. "Nor for you."
She stops before Jost, one of the few aboard I might consider a friend. Young like me, with a light beard and sun-bleached hair. She nods. "Hmm, him."
He's hauled to his feet, eyes wide with uncertainty and fear. She takes a few more steps, then nods to Horace, a roguish seaman from a southern land I'm unfamiliar with, coppery skinned, his hair a mess of black curls. He's hauled to his feet as well.
My heart hammers, wondering what this position could possibly be, and what the criteria for her selections are. Neither man are particularly large or strong, surely unsuitable for hard labour. Finally, her steps slow, and my mouth dries as I realise she stands before me. I slowly raise my head, even as my instincts scream at me not to. Her thin lips split in a smile, flashing me those predatory teeth. She reaches out a hand, cupping my trembling cheek, and scrapes a long, sharp nail against my soft skin. She smiles a little wider as I flinch away. "Aren't you a pretty thing. Him too."
I feel hands under my arms, hauling me up. Lao waves a finger. "Let's see what they're hiding.
Hiding? It's all my flustered mind can think as I vaguely register that she's picked the three youngest of the crew, or at least the youngest who could also reasonably be described as good looking.
What could she possibly need...
I'm too stunned to notice the hands around the waistband of my leather trousers before it's too late, and along with Jost and Horace, my pants are tugged roughly down to my ankles, exposing us to the gathered crew.
I go rigid, the sea breeze cool on my bare ass, my soft cock dangling against my leg. My mouth works silently, and I make a move to cover myself, but my hands are yanked roughly behind me. My eyes dart between the others, to Jost's sizeable manhood, even when flaccid, and the similar individual sticking from the nest of wild black curls between Horace's dark legs.
I know my own cock probably looks rather pathetic in comparison. As my dear Eliza often told me, it was a marvel just how much my organ grew when erect.
"W...what is this?" Jost demands, his voice a little wild. He struggles against the hands holding him, achieving little other than to set his cock swinging. "What do you want from us?"
"I am simply inspecting captured goods," Lao informs us with that same wicked smile.
We're all kicked in the back of the legs, driving us roughly to our knees. A horrifying thought runs through my head, an image of her clutching my severed penis and using it in some arcane rite. My blood runs cold, and I feel my head shaking.
She walks up to Horace, and reaches out and grasps his flaccid cock, tugging it towards her. He grunts, glaring up at her with open defiance. "Hmm."
She releases him, and moves on to me. I force myself to look her in the eyes, but she only frowns at my manhood, and gives a wry smile. "A shame," she mutters softly.
A part of me deflates a little, even as relief washes through me. At least, I think I'm supposed to be relieved.
She moves onto Jost, and gently nudges his cock with the toe of her boot. It twitches, growing a little harder. "Hmm, eager already? I guess you'll do. If you accept, of course."
"If I accept?"
"Of course, everything that happens aboard this ship happens willingly."
He glances around, a flash of fear and uncertainty filling his face, and just as he opens his mouth a voice calls out, "If it's a cock ya want, ye Chinese whore, well, I've got one for you!"
She turns and frowns at the man who called out, the large and solidly built boatswain named Callou. He's bald, maybe thirty, with meaty arms and a large forehead. He glares at her with a defiant smirk, as if daring her to challenge him.
"Not my usual type," Lao murmurs, tapping her fingers against the hilt of her sword, "brutish, but hardly abhorrent. Let's see if you are all...what is the word...bluster?"
She clicks her fingers, and one of the woman in red steps up and hauls him to his feet, and his trousers are tugged down, revealing quite possibly the largest cock I've ever seen. It's a thick behemoth dangling between his pale legs, bulbous purple head poking from the bundled hood of his foreskin, a heavy set of balls hanging low behind it. He shakes his ass, tossing his meaty girth around as he sneers about. "Well? Too much for ya, devil-witch?"
I see Lao's brows raise as she considers the man. "Hmm, my my, that's more like it. I suppose you'll clean up alright, if I don't have to look at your face. Do you pledge your servitude to me?"
"I'll pledge whatever the fuck you want, whore, if it means I can tear you a new cunt-hole!"
He cackles, grinning a little madly. He never was entirely sane.
"That's the spirit. Take him beneath, have him cleaned and shaven and cleaned again, then bring him to my cabin, bound and gagged."
He cackles darkly again, as he's dragged off, not even fighting. "Gonna tear you open, you fucking whore! I'll send those demons running from you!"
She just shakes her head and purses her lips sourly, and looks to already be regretting her decision. My heart slows in my chest as I watch him pulled into the bowels of the ship. I blink, glancing at Lao. She...did she just want someone to fuck? Was it as simple as that? We're all those sordid those rumours true?
One of her crew barks something in their tongue, a question, and gesture to me, Jost and Horace.
She regards us, frowning. "Hmm, I suppose I'll have my hands full with that one." She walks up to me, and I face her, eyes pleading, trying desperately to think of some case I can make. My mind darts back and forth, trying to determine which option here leads to the greatest chance of my ongoing survival.
She reaches out and cups my face again, and nudges my cock with the hard, cold toe of her boot. She smiles again, that dark vulpine smile that sends that enticing shiver through me again. "A shame, he was so pretty. Why can the pretty ones never have cocks like that? Ah well, toss them over."
She releases me and turns to walk away. I gape, head shaking, as Jost and Horace are dragged over to the others behind held by the railing. I feel rough fingers around my arms, and a burst of panic surges through me.
"Wait!" I finally manage to gasp.
The Black Mistress slows, and glances over her shoulder. "Yes?"
I don't want to be tossed into the ocean. God, why did I even consider that an option, I can barely swim. I'm also a little terrified by what this creature might to do me if I stay aboard this ship, by what she plans to do with Callou and his massive manhood, but I decide here and now that I'd rather find out, then spend my life as a slave.
Or be swiftly eaten by a shark.
I scramble to think, all those tales I'd heard flashing through my mind, even through my terror. I swallow, my mouth dry, thinking of Eliza, of the delicious, forbidden things we did together. I know what I have to do, what the one thing I might be able to offer this terrifying woman is, even if I'm not sure I could even bring myself to do it. I work my tongue against my teeth, dry lips parting. "I'm...I'm..."
"Spit it out, boy."
"I can use my tongue!"
She stares at me, her dark eyes cold as they bore into me, satiny black strands of hair swaying gently over her face. The charcoal shading that shadows her slanted eyes suddenly seem very deep, her inspecting eyes merely slits within it. My heart hammers, and just as I'm starting to think it was the wrong thing to say, that she might not even understand what I'm suggesting, her thin lips quirk up in that dangerous smile, the bone through her small nose twitching. Something flickers in her eyes. She walks slowly back to me, slender hips swaying, the knives on her back clinking, and stands above me. "You can use...your tongue?"
I manage a nod.
"And what...exactly," she flicks her tongue over her teeth, "do you mean by that?"
I'm suddenly very conscious that the entire crew of both ships are watching us. I feel the heat in my cheeks, but I keep my head high, focusing only on the pirate queen before me. "I'm...well...I'm very good at...at..."
"At licking a woman's...cunt?" she suggests, lips pulled into a savage little smirk.
Blood rushes through my head, cheeks coloring further at her vulgarity, and I nod.
"Hmm, and you can make a woman," she extends her hand, scraping her sharp nail over my chin, "culminate? What is the word in your tongue? Cum?"
I raise my head, meeting her dark gaze, and nod, trying to appear confident. "Yes."
It's not a lie. I brought Eliza to her climax many times, although to be fair, she operated on a hair trigger, cumming barely the moment my tongue delved between her silken folds. I have no idea if I could do it so somebody else so readily, let alone to this...terrifying figure.
Terrifying, if not strangely, inexplicably seductive. God, I'm certain I don't want to sick my tongue anywhere near her, let alone between her legs, and yet...
I feel my cock twitch at the thought.
She considers me for a long moment, then purses her lips. "I like your confidence, boy. Very well, prove it."
I blink. "I...what?"
She raises her black blade, and I flinch back, but she only sheaths it at her side. She unclasps one of the leather strips binding her red shawl to her, and then another, leaving them to dangle at her side. She steps up to me, wood creaking beneath her long leather boots, and reaches down, grasping the tattered hem of her shawl, and without so much as a pause, draws the garment up to her waist, and tucks the end around one of the knives strapped to her lower back.
My mouth falls open. She wears nothing underneath. I hear gasps and murmurs from my crew, barely audible over the pounding of blood in my ears. My eyes are wide, and all I can do is stare, following those black leather boots, strapped about her calves, to where her toned legs emerge from the tops just below the knee, the skin that dusky shade. Black tattoos flow across her skin, strange flowing designs that wrap around her legs. An old scar runs up her inner thigh, and I follow it, curving with her narrow hips and ending just above her pelvis, where it's intersected by another running across her stomach.
Her bare sex sits directly before my face. There's a light patch of black, silky hair atop her pronounced mound, not curly as my own, but thinner and straight, wispy almost. They're sparse enough for me to see the thin line of her slit curving between her delicately muscled legs, a hint of dark labia poking from the tight cleft.
My heart pounds in my chest, and my mouth is dry, as I stare at this terrifying, savage pirate queen's bare snatch. My brain is still attempting to process her last words.
Prove it.
Surely not...not here, on deck, in front of the entire crew...
She takes another step, boots falling so the toes brush my knees, bringing her sex to within an inch of my face. I breathe in, and her scent fills me. It's so strong, sweet and musky and overwhelming, but not unpleasant. Actually, far from it. It makes my head spin a little, a little cloud of confusion and desire drifting across me, spurring a deep, swelling...
Lust.
I feel my cock twitch against my thigh. My brain might be begging me to run, to dive overboard and risk the sharks, but there's some other part of me, the part currently sending blood rushing between my legs, that wants nothing more than to taste her, then to give myself willingly to her. She sways her hips, brushing those fine hairs against my nose. I inhale again, and my head spins anew as my mind clouds. I feel all resistance melting away, my fear and any lingering traces of repulsion giving way to that strange, dangerous lust as her scent fills my nose.
Oh God, have I been drugged somehow? Is this some manner of spell, some dark Chinese devil-magic?
Because it can't be possible that I actually want to do this, can it?
She leans back, pushing her mound towards me, and reaches down, sliding two fingers along her slit, and spreads it open for me. Those dark, thin lips unfurl, revealing a shadowy glimpse of her slick, glistening intimacy, a deep, dark, wet pinkness.
Eliza was the only woman I'd ever seen up close, and the two couldn't have been more different. My former lover had been all supple flesh and gentle, pale skinned curves. She had a dense tuft of soft, light brown hair, and her beautiful pussy had been a blossoming flower, her labia puffy and fat and delicate, a bright, delectable pink, her clit pronounced within its glistening hood.
I can't even see Captain Zheng's clit, hidden within her narrow slit, within those dark folds of flesh. She reaches out with her other hand, and I don't flinch this time as she slides her fingers through my hair, and gently guides me in. Oh God, that smell, I can't resist, can't hold back...
My lips part, my tongue sliding gently over them, hesitant.
"Shall we say," she purrs above me, gesturing to our ship, engulfed in dancing flames and spewing roiling black smoke into the air, "that if you can bring me to a...culmination, before your ship sinks, then you might have a spot amongst my crew. If not, you join your own."
My eyes dart to the collapsing ship, already beginning to crumble. I turn back, determination filling me, and run by tongue across my lips again. Zheng widens her stance, thrusting her mound towards my face.
And without further thought, I move to meet her. My lips meet her hot sex, and I dart my tongue out, lapping hesitantly at her spread cunt. I pull my tongue back and run it around my mouth, tasting her, savouring her. It's the most complex flavour I've ever tasted, tangy and rich and vibrant. I lick her again, and again, sliding my tongue through her narrow cleft, moistening her smooth folds, tasting that enticingly sensual taste.
I breath in deeply, inhaling her musk, her arousal, her sweat and leather. I half expected her to be filthy, to be unwashed, but she's clean and pure. My head spins, and my cock throbs.
"If this is all you can do, boy, you'll be going overboard."
I giver her one final hesitant lick, guiding the tip of my tongue along her slippery flesh, and then breathe in and close my eyes for a moment, pressing my lips to her, gently kissing her. I look up, over her tangle of wispy hair, and find her watching me curiously with her shadowed, slanted eyes. I hold her dark gaze for moment, savouring the dangerous energy passing between us, and then I dive in.
I enclose my lips around her hot sex, and swirl my tongue roughly into her, parting her silky-smooth channel. I lose myself almost immediately, my fear, my trepidation, my awareness of the crowd of pirates watching us; all gone the instant her overpowering sex fills my mouth. I give everything I have to devouring her tight Oriental cunt.
I explore her, guiding my question tongue firmly over the soft folds of her labia, sucking the soft flesh into my mouth, exploring the wrinkled ridges. I splay her open, lapping at her velvety softness as I suck and slurp her sweet nectar into my hungry mouth, starving for more. I delve deeper, stiffening my tongue as I push it into her tight hole, tasting the richness of her vagina as she quivers around my tongue. She gasps a tight moan, fingers entangling in my hair. I fuck her with my tongue, and then draw it free with a wet slurp, flattening it and rasping it wetly over her slit. I grind up her length, putting extra pressure against the soft bundle of folded flesh where I know her clit is buried.
She gives a guttural purr as I grind her clit into her mound, and she allows me to do this for a few moments, grinding back into me, before suddenly she pulls back and shoves me roughly. I fall against the railing, looking up at her in shock, terrified again that I've done something wrong. She advances on me, tattered scarlet shawl flapping about her stomach, eying me with a vicious, predatory hunger. She plants her boot against my chest and shoves me against the railing, knocking my head against the hard wood. I try to speak, but she raises the boot and thuds it beside my head, and thrusts her now spread slit back against my face.
She grinds herself into me, and I suck hungrily away, swirling through her, massaging her inner walls with my tongue as she gives little raspy moans. My hands find her soft thighs, and grip them tight as she bucks and grinds into me, grinding my head into the railing. I feel my cock stiffen, and it sticks rigid before me, engorged as I lap away.
Zheng gasps and purrs, driving me on, encouraging my devouring of her slippery cunt. I suck the soft folds of her hood into my mouth hard, probing my tongue in between their tight grip, tonguing her sensitive little hidden nub. She gasps, clawing at my head, boot sliding against the railing. I suck harder, flicking at her tiny, engorged clit. She begins muttering something, crying out softly in her town tongue.
I do what I know Eliza liked. I work between sucking hard on her clit, nibbling gently on the hood of dark silky skin, grinding it into her mound, flicking it rapidly, circling it, and then grinding my splayed tongue down, and delving into her hole. I close my eyes, but I can't pretend it's her. The feel, the shape, the overwhelming taste of this fearsome pirate queen, is nothing like my sweet Eliza.
And right now, in this moment, I don't even miss her.
I grasp her thighs tighter, and feeling emboldened by her cries, still in a language I can't understand, I slide my hands up, enclosing them about her tight rear, and squeezing the supple flesh of her toned ass. She bucks into me, and I slide my fingers further, into the cleft of her ass, pulling her open as I drag her into me, digging my tongue into her slippery cunt. I brush soft hairs with my fingertips, and wedge my tongue against her clit and hum. She mewls and shudders above me.
I'm not thinking, just acting on impulse, but a part of me recalls what I had accidental discovered was a secret delight of Eliza's, when I had once brushed my thumb over the wrinkled star of her rosy anus. My fingers move, sliding to meet Zheng's tight rosebud, and brush across it, gently tickling the rubbery flesh. A clouded part of me prays that it's not the wrong move. I'm not even certain if it's something woman generally enjoy.
But surely if anyone would, she would.
She tenses above me, shuddering and mewling, and rasping something that sounds almost...encouraging. I rub harder, massaging her puckered hole as I grind into her clit, her wet cunt smearing nectar over my chin. I trail my finger down, collecting a little juice, and run it back over her anus, making it slippery and easier to slide my finger about as I rub gently. I hook my thumb around, slipping it into her vagina, into her tight, sucking channel, silky slick walls gripping my questing digit as I plunge it in deep. I massage her, exerting as much pressure as my thumb can manage.
I drive my tongue against her tiny clit, and with my forefinger, I circle around her tight little rear opening. As she grates out hissing sighs of pleasure and grinds herself into my insatiable mouth, the pure liquid ambrosia seeping from her glorious slit clouding my mind, I try something that I never dared try with Eliza.
I push.
There's a moment of pressure as her rubbery seal resists, but only a moment, and she gives way, her tight ring dilating just enough to suck my slippery finger inside. She groans above me, her delicate sphincter gripping my finger tight, squeezing me with her warm anal muscles.
God...what am I doing? Something screams at me to pull my finger free, to pull my tongue free, to get away, that the very idea of sticking any part of myself into this bloodthirsty killer is reprehensible, least of all her filthy asshole. But I don't care. I push on, sliding my finger in and out, massaging the velvety floor of her snug, warm hole.
I gyrate my wrist, moving first my thumb deeper and then my finger. She groans, grating between clenched teeth, and I pinch my fingers together, meeting between her thin interior walls. I glide my fingers in and out as fast as I can manage, keeping my tight hold, feeling the digits against one another within her. I suck furiously on the little bundle of folds enveloping her tiny clit, sinking my fingers deep into her tight, slippery depths.
She gives a ragged, grating cry above me, morphing into a gasped tirade of Chinese. She thrusts into me, her body trembling and shuddering, boot spasming against the railing beside my head. I feel her sex convulse, and her inner walls spasm, clenching me. She grips my hair painfully tight, dragging me into her, clenching my head with her hot, powerful thighs. I slide my thumb free, and drive my forefinger deep into her tight ass. My face is buried within her hot gash, and I can't breathe, but I barely notice.
Her cries become shrill, and as she bucks my mouth is flooded with the deluge of her climax, practically spraying over my suctioning lips. Her sweet, tangy nectar fills my mouth, making my head spin in a euphoric frenzy, and I slurp and suck at the incredible liquid for all I'm worth. Her muscles spasm around my probing finger, pulling me in deeper inside her clenching anus, and I massage her gently as I suck at her, swirling my tongue around her clit, making sure not to make direct contact.
Her climax ripples through her, her back arched, head thrown back. We rock together, swaying with the motion of the ship, my finger buried inside her, as she rides the lessening waves of ecstasy I've triggered. Eventually, blessedly, she slumps against me, and I break my contact with her steamy sex, gasping for breath, heart hammering. She pants above me, fingers curling lazily through my hair.
I slowly become aware of the lap of water, of the crackle of flames, of the stench of acrid smoke cutting through the glorious aroma of her cunt. I pull back, gazing at her dark, beautiful slit, glistening and vibrant, her black hair matted, and then look hesitantly up at her. I don't see the crew, or the judgement in their eyes. I only see her.
She looks down at me, wearing that hungry, vulpine smile, slanted eyes narrowed, teeth bared, lip quirked up.
She looks like she wants to devour me, literally eat me alive.
And by God, I want to let her. I want this bloodthirsty marauder, every part of her, more than anything I've ever wanted. If I tried right now, I don't think I could even remember what Eliza looked like. That fierce, sensual danger in her black, killer's eyes makes my cock throb between my legs.
She brushes my cheek, scraping a nail over my skin. I lick my glossy lips, my face smeared with her juices. She runs the nail over my lips, and pulls it to herself. She runs it through her slit, clawing the sharp nail through her delicate folds, and then raises it to her mouth and sucks it in. I see her tongue swirl about it, and she hisses a soft moan. She drops her boot to the desk with a thud, and turns, facing the crew, showing them her engorged sex, glistening and lush.
I see them stare, her own crew impassive, as if this isn't the first time they've witness such a spectacle, while the faces of mine are a mangled mix of shock, disgust, abhorrence and undeniable lust. Jost and Horace, held by the railing, their pants still down, both have rigid cocks. Zheng pants softly, saying nothing, just standing tall and proud, as if daring someone to speak against her. My eyes trail to the soft curve of her toned ass, to her shadowy cleft. I see the downy black hairs, see the delicate star of her dark rosebud. My eyes fix on it, on that dark, forbidden hole, and without thinking I lean forwards, tongue sliding between my lips.
She glances over her shoulder as my hot breath meets the bare, dusky skin of her ass. Her wicked smile grows, and she reaches down, digging her sharp nails into the soft flesh and pulling her cheeks wide for me. Her tight brown hole is pulled obscenely, the tender star stretched open, giving me a hint of the dark pinkness beyond her dilating ring.
"Go on," she purrs, "I know you want to. Taste me."
Taste her...
No...no, her cunt is one thing, but this...I can't...I can't...
I fall forwards, pressing my face between her soft cheeks, pressing my lips to the tender ring of her rubbery anus, and slide my tongue out, licking her without another thought. She shivers, and I lick harder, swirling my tongue around the wrinkled folds of skin, tasting something new, something filthy and delicious, something dangerously enticing. She reaches back, clasping my hair and thrusting her ass into my needy mouth. I kiss her hole, sucking hungrily, desperately, swirling my tongue sloppily against her.
She pulls away, turning suddenly and shoving me back. I hit the railing again, and she puts her boot on my chest and hold it there. "Now, now, let's save something for later, hmmm?"
Later. Oh God there's going to be a later. My mind clings to the word, and I feel a dazed smile tugging at my lips. I hear a murmur of voices from my crew, rippling through them.
"Sick."
"Disgusting."
"Damned devil-woman's bewitched the poor kid."
"Demon whore, she'll cut his heart out in no time."
But I don't care. I just stare at her, my heart pounding beneath the weight of her boot. She pulls her scarlet shawl free and lets it fall over her legs, but doesn't tighten the straps. Her eyes roam down, finding my erect cock. She trails her boot down over my stomach, and nudges me with the hard toe. A little breath escapes my lips at the contact.
I haven't even touched it and I feel as if I'm about to cum.
"Well, what a pleasant surprise," she nudges my balls, and trails the tip of her boot up my throbbing length.
I can only manage a nod.
She crouches down over me, knees nudging my chest, and I gasp as her warm, wet slit brushes my tender glans. A sly grin splits her face, flashing those predatory teeth, the polished bone through her nose glinting in the sun. She reaches down, grasping my firm shaft in her delicate fingers, the metal of her rings cold as she squeezes me tight. I groan, staring into her dark eyes, shadowed by the black smear beneath them, into her slender, dangerously exotic face.
Captain Dragur's blood still spatters her right cheek.
"Do you like the way I taste?" she asks in a husky whisper, rocking back and forth, brushing her slippery entrance over my spongy head, coating me in her slick nectar.
I nod. "More than anything."
I'm not lying. Eliza had been sweet, beautiful, subtle, but her... Zheng is...something else. Intoxicating and euphoric and mind-numbing.
"Do you want me?"
I nod. I do. Badly.
"You want to feel me? Like this?"
She sinks down, lips sucking me in, wet tightness enveloping my head. I groan as she grinds back and forth. I feel my balls quiver, feel the surge of pleasure as her sharp nails dig into my tender meat. God, I'm about to...
"Tell me..."
"I want you," I whisper, my voice cracking. "I'd...I'd do anything for you."
God, maybe she has cast some spell on me...
"What's your name?"
"J...Jacoby."
"And do you swear fealty to me, Jacoby? And to this ship? Do you swear to serve me however I see fit? Do anything I might ask of you?"
I feel a delirious grin tugging at my lips. "Yes."
"You will live to serve me, to bring me pleasure as I command?"
"Yes!"
"You would...die for me?"
"Yes!" I surge against her clenching grip, nails digging painfully into my tender shaft, trying desperately to sink just a little deeper inside her.
"Hmmm. Good." She pats my cheek. "I think you'll be my new favorite pet." She sinks down, taking an inch of me into her. She grips me, tight and wet and hot, oh so hot. I feel the cum bubbling within me, desperate to blast into her.
She stands suddenly, and I slip free, my cock pulsating, head glossy. I moan softly, and she smiles that wicked smile. She lifts her leg and presses her boot softly against my cock, flattening it against my belly with the rough sole. I gasp, wincing as she presses down, heel digging into my soft balls, and begins grinding it against me. My eyes bulge, the strange combination of pain and intense pleasure rocketing through me. My mouth opens in a silent gasp as I feel my balls tighten and my cock begin to pulsate and throb. It jerks beneath the pressure of her rough boot, as she leans back, digging her heel into my delicate sack. I groan softly as I spurt hot cum over my belly, sending thick, ropey strands of my seed splattering over my skin. I tremble, staring up at her, lost in her black eyes as my orgasm shudders through me. I surge and surge, and she keeps her boot tight against me until I finish pumping the veritable torrent of semen over myself, and my stomach is a warm, sticky mess.
I've never cum so hard in my life, not even all those times with Eliza, not even the first time I'd spilled my seed within her tight, virgin cunt.
I breathe hard, chest heaving, and she removes her boot. My sticky cock springs up, a dribble of cum bubbling out. She reaches down, crouching before me, and reaches out, trailing a finger through the viscous mess, and collects a glob of pearlescent seed atop it. She raises it, regarding it, her eyes burning intently, and then sucks it into her mouth, dark lips parting. I stare, groaning softly as she tastes me. She gives a little hum, and pops the finger free.
"Sweet," she mutters, standing again, "and plenty of it."
She clicks her fingers suddenly. Two of her crew stomp up. "Take him below. Make sure he's cleaned up, and...tell them they can have a little fun with him. I won't need him for an hour or so, and I think he's earned himself a reward, don't you? When they're done, I'll be in my cabin."
And with that, she turns and strides off without another glance at me. I stare after her, breathing hard, watching her hips swing, smiling dazedly. I feel hands under my armpits, and happily let them drag me away, my cock flopping against my stomach, dribbling cum and smearing it into the sticky mess running down my sides. I barely even notice the struggle behind me, or the grunts and the cries and the splashes as my former crew are tossed overboard, or the others being roughly manacled and chained.
I do, notice, however, as our smoldering ship finally collapses, and begins sinking below the waves.
Maybe a life of piracy won't be so bad after all.