Postcoital Bliss
Jen sent her black lover home and is in postcoital bliss as she discusses the evening with her cuckold husband and tells him what he has to do to ensure she is the best slut in town.
This chapter has references to interracial sex and ends with throat fucking the loving wife. Be forewarned if you have problems with cucks and IR stories.
"Did he hurt you fucking your throat? Did I hurt you spanking your ass hard?"
"No, Michael. The throat fucking was very erotic as I had never been fucked that hard in my throat before. I hope to be fucked like that more often. The pleasure I got made your slaps feel like little stings.
"Your spanking me was not noticed as you have done that before and my twinging pussy blocked out any pain."
I noticed her voice was huskier and my cock stood erect as I recalled why it changed.
I said "Do you want to change the bed linens and take a shower before we talk about this?"
"No. I need you to fuck me right now very badly, and then we'll talk my loving cuck. You'll sleep with your cum covered slut in a pool of Coffee's cum, after I put some towels down."
I said, "I love you more than ever."
"I was afraid you would divorce me." Was her response.
"Divorce the hottest slut in the neighborhood? Me? Never!"
She kissed me on the cheek and asked: "Why didn't you stop him?"
"Really, Jen, everything unfolded so quickly. I knew you had consented to this massage, and I would never object, or embarrass you from doing anything you wanted. When he took off his shorts letting that huge cock free; I was just stunned. It was so fucking erotic my cock took over my mind. Iwantedto see you fuck that monster.
"I had fantasies of you fucking and sucking another man's cock and now you made that fantasy come alive."
"Michael, you're getting hard again!" she said kissing my cock head.
"Yes. I loved seeing him dominate you, and fucking you and wanted that monster in your ass.
"You didn't object and seemed to want everything he did. Jen, I loved seeing you get fucked.
"Now tell me what really happened today."
"Today actually began 2 weeks ago when I was having a phone conversation with Brenda about this fantastic masseur who cured all her 'aches and pains'.
"Brenda 'aches' for a good fuck, and the 'pain' is that her husband doesn't care about her needs."
"What did you do?"
"Brenn gave me his number and I called and got the earliest appointment I could. He's in very high demand."
"What did I do to make you feel you needed him?" I said while tracing my finger around her erect nipple.
"Oh, it definitely isn't you, Michael. Our marriage is solid. But from daily conversations, books and the 'net, I just felt that some spark was missing. Imagine that! I'm 23 years old and your wife already thinks she's seen everything. Now I understand how Eve felt in the Garden of Eden."
"Tell me about today, and don't leave anything out."
"It really was a normal morning. I guess it started with our phone call earlier that day. I had been watching a sweet romance on TV that had lots of cute interaction between the husband and wife. I felt that your words to me should, note, I emphasized the word "should", have been more romantic. Suddenly, I felt unloved and I was determined to do something about it.
"Then Coffee rang the doorbell and I opened the door and looked at him. I felt that the genie had escaped from his lamp. You saw his smile and his physique. I almost broke my neck looking up at his face. I truly wet my panties that morning just by opening the door.
"He effortlessly carried his portable bed into the living room flexing those muscles and I came in my panties again. Neither of us had spoken, and my pussy was already sopping wet and aching.
"I put on airs that all I was interested in was a massage, and that he came highly recommended, He asked who referred him and I named Bridgett, Cathy, Karen, Carol, Tina and Beth. He smiled and I wet my panties, again. He asked me if I wanted him to cure my 'aches and pains' and I said: 'Yes, Yes'. He asked me where we could set up and I figured the den would be fine.
"He told me to stand where I was while he set up his equipment. He returned, picked me up with one arm and carried me easily all the way to the den. As he put me down he kissed me and I returned the kiss, and came in my soaked panties again.
"We must have stood there for 5 minutes tonguing each other until he removed my top and bit my nipples. I came again. He picked me up and took off my shorts and panties and said, 'You're a wet one, aren't you'? And I came again wetting his polo shirt. That's why he had no shirt on when you came home.
"While still in his arm he put his free hand on my thigh and moved it as I spread my legs until he reached my crotch. While still holding me he put his fingers into my pussy and fucked me with them until I came, gushing all over his hand."
I said, "Wow, he's strong. How many fingers did he fuck you with?"
"Which time?" She asked, meekly, as she put her hand on my cock, stroking it gently.
"Which time?" I replied in shock. "Okay. Let me rephrase. How many times did he finger fuck you...and with how many fingers...before I got home?"
"Eleven times. Three times with two fingers. Three times with three fingers. Four times with four fingers. And one time trying to get five fingers inside me."
"Specifically what else did he do to you before I got home?"
"He ate my pussy three or four times, and finger fucked my ass twice making me cum."
"What did you think of him by then?"
"I told him I was his fuck toy and slut forever and wanted him to take me away."
I was shocked!
"What changed your mind?"
"Getting fucked by him in our marriage bed. Everything that happened today was swirling around in my mind like a lot of puzzle pieces swirling in a tornado. A few pieces meshed together allowing me to join other pieces and finally reach my decision.
"He has a terrific body, but he's not you. He fucked me nearly four dozen times today. But what did that prove? Only that I allowed myself to be fucked that much. All things being equal, I'm sure you would have met him fuck for fuck if I asked you to. No reason to leave you.
"He fucked me in every hole. Again, I asked him to. I have a different perception about cock sucking and ass fucking today than I had yesterday. Yet again, you would have matched him hole for hole; if I had asked.
The only difference is his cock size and his body. He's got a much bigger cock, is taller, stronger and more muscular than you are. That's a fact. No matter what, your cock can't grow five more inches. It's certainly not your fault. It's your genes. The absence of a monster cock is just the way things are, not a defect.
Look at me. I'm not Kim Kardashian, and never will be. If you are smitten with Kimmy, then I'm out of luck. There is nothing I can do to change my body.
You fell in love with me, and I fell in love with you, for better or worse and that's the way it's gonna stay."
By now she is stroking my cock extremely fast and I pinched her nipple sufficient to cause another, small, orgasm.
I pulled her under me and got on her chest and rammed my cock down her throat. I fucked her hard and felt my cock slip down into her esophagus. I felt my cock growing longer in her throat. She fingered my ass hole and got me to cum quickly, and I came in her throat.
My cock fell out of her mouth and I flipped over on my back. Then she yelled at me.
"Not so fast, cuck! I didn't get mine yet!" She sounds throaty like Lauren Bacall. She sucked my cum coated cock back to life. She then sat on my cock cowgirl style and tells me to: "Fuck my slutty pussy hard for cuckolding you!"
She's facing away from me twittering her fingers in her clit and comes again gushing all over my cock. I finger her ass and she backs into my finger and starts moving faster screaming, "I'm cuming!" and then stops and begins convulsing, crying "Oh God AAAhhhh!"
I cum one more time letting her flop back against my chest as I grab a neglected nipple. My semi-firm cock is still in her cunt. It feels at home there.
We may have dozed off a bit, I couldn't tell. She is still snuggled against my chest, and I'm still playing with her nipple gently so as not to wake her.
She turns her face to mine and we kiss sweetly as she tenses the muscles in her cunt around my cock giving me a squeeze.
"Are you okay?"
"Um-hm. Very much so." I replied kissing the nape of her neck.
"Cuck, here's what I came to realize. Men cannot keep up with women physically, sexually. Women, on the other hand, can fuck as long as they want. Our cunts, asses and mouths don't tire as cocks do. All a woman needs is a stiff cock. Thankfully there are plenty available.
"Coffee made me realize how much I like to fuck. No, that's wrong. He made me realize how much Ineedto fuck. Cuck, your cock is great, but I want more.
"I discovered something else that I didn't understand. Men can have sex vicariously by watching porn, or talking dirty. Telling you about the number of times he fucked me aroused you to climax. These stories would arouse me differently, and I don't get the same satisfaction as you do. Again, that's okay.
"I'm going to fuck Coffee during the weeks ahead. Probably, no for certain, I will have my holes filled with cum from other men. You're my cuck. Before I go out I want you to prepare me for my date. You're gonna watch me shave my legs and pussy. If you behave, I may let you shave my cunt yourself. I want you to make me the most fuckable slut that ever entered that tavern, bar, club or alley.
"I will fuck whoever I want when I want, where I want and you will never complain or interfere. My only obligation will be to tell you truthfully about the date with all the details.
"I'll make you select my fuck-me wardrobe and help me dress. You can close your eyes and visualize my date's response as each piece of clothing comes off. I will have my date take plenty of photos and I'll email them to you. If what I wear doesn't make a guy cum in his pants, there's no sense wearing it. If my date doesn't satisfy me I will go back to the bar and find another cock. I don't plan on coming home unsatisfied.
"At the end of the night, I'm gonna come home to you and let you see how I look after I've been fucked. Then you can finger my cum filled holes while I tell you all about my evening. I'll repeat the dirty things he, or they, said, and the response to anything I said, or did. I will tell you what they did to my body in great detail and you will get hard and thank me for being your slut. And then you will fuck my cum filled cunt and ass.
"You will love this new arrangement because I heard you talking with Coffee earlier and have to wonder if you had any part in your own cuckolding. I never knew you had fantasies of me with black men. You will continue to have your fantasy.
"Some days I'll want more cock than others. Here you can help me out by sharing your friends and co-workers. Just imagine the thrill of having your friends know that I am a slut! I will gladly let you show me off and then have them fuck me. I want to be your whore.
"You, cuck, can only fuck me. When I'm on an evening date you will not masturbate or do anything to reach a climax until I get home and tell you to cum. You can be friends with anyone, man or woman, just don't fuck them. There will be times when I may allow you to fuck someone in my presence.
"I am your slut, or whatever name you want to use, but I call the shots. I love you. Now goodnight. I have a lot of fucking to do tomorrow."
The thought of Jen fucking every male in the city excited me and I got hard again. She was on her side spooned against me and my cock was growing in the crack of her ass. I lifted her top leg and adjusted the angle of my pelvis and my cock slid in effortlessly. She didn't move. Her cunt is still warm and moist. I thrust inside her very gently and thought of guys I knew fucking Jen while I watched. I came inside her with a hard, satisfying ejaculation.
I went to sleep oozing semen into her cunt dreaming of big-cocked men fucking her.
Michael seems pleased with his new status and especially likes the way Jens' voice sounds when she does deep throat. He had a serious erection as Jen described being blacked by Coffee throughout the day and came in her soppy pussy again while she slept. We'll see how things are going for him in Chapter 3. Please feel free to comment and score this chapter.