I only planned on taking a walk that night. I changed into my sweats and put on my running shoes just like I had done many times before. I strapped on my iPod and earphones and locked up the house behind me. It started like any other walk, leaving my driveway I turned left down my street and picked up my pace to keep my heart rate at the desired level. It wasn't until I got to the end of my normal trek that things took a turn. I had been walking the same course for six months or so, and it was my plan to do so again tonight, but at the far end of my trek I decided I had more energy than normal so I took a right turn where I normally just turned around.
I walked down this street that was a bit unfamiliar to me, and before long I noticed that several of the streetlights were out and needed replacing. Between those lights it was very dark and my eyes took a while to adjust, however I did adjust soon enough and I began to look around. Most of the houses were dark since it was late at night. So when a light came on in the house to my right it naturally caught my eye, and what I saw next caught my attention and caused me to stop walking entirely.
You walked into the newly lit room in only a towel, your wet hair cascading down your back. I wasn't sure if you realized that the window was open until you turned to the darkened window and smiling you dropped the towel. Your knowing stare out the window made me think I had been seen, and I was suddenly mesmerized by your gaze. I stopped all forward momentum and moved into deeper shadow to cover myself from any visibility that you might have had of me. Your gaze never altered its position so I knew I was safe at least for the moment. I then focused on your body, and what a body it was. I was guessing you were in your early thirties and from the look of your body obviously you spent time in a gym.
Your breasts where big and although they had begun to sag a bit they were in excellent shape as was the rest of your body. I could just barely see that your nipples were a dark brown color which nearly match the color of the well groomed triangle of hair between your legs. It wasn't much of a patch of hair it was barely an inch long and maybe half of that wide, but the sight of it immediately called my cock to stand attention and in these sweat pants there was no hiding it. Your pussy lips were pink and stood out at the crease between your legs. You continued to stare out the window like there was something that was caught in your vision, and you were holding in place.
A car turned the corner and headed down the road toward our direction. I was caught in a compromising situation at the edge of the road, and my hard on sticking straight out inside my sweats. So I did the only thing I could and dove behind a nearby bush. I looked up at the window to see if I had been noticed. I watched you dive down below the windowsill also to hide your nakedness and as the car passed I watched you peep up over the bottom edge of the window until the car passed. When it did I watched the most beautiful sight I had seen yet. You began to laugh.
Your smile went from ear to ear as I could see you in an absolutely glorious belly laugh. You stood up and I could see you shake all over from the laugh. Your breasts bounced up and down and I could see your sides tensing with the force of the laughter. The intensity of the thrill of showing yourself off to the night and at the sudden adrenaline surge in your system from the excitement was not only the source of the laugh but the fuel to the fire of the continuation of that laughter.
You moved away from the window at this point and I thought the show was over as the lights went out in the front room, although as you left I got a view of the most breathtaking ass I had ever seen. I was just about to collect myself and leave when I noticed a light come on towards the back of the house. As my hard on still was pressing my sweats to their limit, and my rational thoughts had been tucked away in a dark corner of my brain. I began to walk up your lawn. Somewhere in the back of my brain I thought, "What the fuck am I doing?" And that was the last of reason that my mind could conjure.
I crept up in shadow down the side of your house. My approach was cloaked in shadow and when I got to the row of hedges I was able to go completely unseen from the neighbors houses and from the road. As I got to the window and peeked inside my breath caught in the back of my throat. There you were still naked and your legs spread open wide. Your left hand had one of your own breasts in hand. You fingers were tweaking that nipple to a fine point. Your right hand was busy rubbing itself on your now noticeably wet pussy.
I was frozen in place and my body took on a life of its own. My cock now renewed its stance of attention and pressed my sweats to their fullness. My own hands began to roam, and my right hand found its way down the front of my sweatpants. I grabbed my cock and began to tug on its length as though I were possessed of mind and could do nothing less. I continued to watch you pleasure yourself with your fingers and marveled at the deft work of your hands.
Laying on the bed with your legs spread towards the window I could see deep inside you as you spread your lips to pleasure your clit and to bury your fingers inside. I worked to speed up my pumping on my own cock to match your pace. I realized I couldn't accomplish this with my pants in place so I took a second to move them down to my knees and repositioned my hand on my engorged member. I pumped furiously as I watched your juices start to flow. And when your hand moved away and the flow of juices started to squirt out in a massive spray my own juices began to well up in my sack.
Seconds later my cum began to squirt out by force, and I fired rope after rope on the ground outside your window and on the side of your house. I got weak in the knees, and I stumbled a bit and I nearly knocked over a potted plant next to the window on a shelf that I had not previously noticed here in the dark. I obviously made too much noise because you arose quickly and came towards the window. I pulled up my pants before I could be seen and I began to run out into the yard and down the street. My feet kept their pace until I reached my house several streets away. I watched the windows for hours expecting to see cops pulling down the street looking for me. They never came.
I should have taken this as a sign that I got out lucky and need never go back there again, but as all men who think with their penis before their brain I knew that I would go back. I couldn't get you out of my mind and I knew that I had to see that sexy body once again. I was obsessed.