This story is a work of fiction. The characters of the story are all over 18 and fictional. And they have nothing to do with their real prototypes. This story is combined of the things that really happened, I wish have happened or just my fantasy. Anyway, this is my first experience in writing such a story. And definitely my first attempt to write such story in English. So, feedback is more than welcome. I hope you'll enjoy my work. And have a pleasant day)
I can't say exactly when it all has started. I was in high school then and thought mostly about nearest future -- about exams and college. And some time after - about using the acquired advantage. I call it irresistibility. Sounds pretentious, but it seems to be the most accurate name. In short, any girl I want, even unconsciously, will give herself to me with great readiness. Although I am of average appearance, which is usually not paid any attention to. The only advantage was high growth and quite slender, but not athletic complexion. All my thoughts were focused primarily on studies and video games, not on girls. Most likely, it was the reason I was going to graduate from high school as a virgin. I was not the only one, but as it turned out later, in the minority.
My first time was spontaneous. And then I did not even suspect that my life had dramatically changed for the better. It was the end of the school year, when everyone had to be busy with endless preparation for exams. Because of this, everyone was on their nerves and looking for any way to relieve stress. But there were also those who did not care about the exams at all. They didn't even show up at school for weeks.
I had to go to one of these classmates - to give her one of her tests or something. I don't remember. And that's not important. Her name was Ashley. She wasn't tall, with a fragile, but quite expressive figure. And a bit of a dubious reputation - everyone knew that she had a boyfriend. And yet they knew that it meant very little to her. So, it can be said, my first time was the easy one. That day seemed completely normal. I left school and headed home, planning on stopping by Ashley's on the way. But the moment I reached her house, a strong wind rose, the sky was covered with clouds and the spring rain began to drizzle. The storm was starting. And I, who was then distinguished by inexplicable optimism, did not take an umbrella with me that day. Well, at least it wasn't that far from my house.
I called the intercom. The continued beeps hinted to me that no one was in the apartment. But I had nowhere to hurry - a solid wall of rain would not let me go anywhere. I was already prepared to wait - usually such showers do not last longer than half an hour. Either strongly or for a long time. It is a universal law. Almost always works. However, my call was answered.
"Yes?"
"Hello, Ashley. It's me - I brought your papers from school".
"Oh, hi. Come on in".
The magnetic lock opened and I rushed up the stairs. It seemed to me that Ashley would stand at her door to quickly take the paper from my hands and hide in the apartment. However, the door was locked. I rang the bell. And then I realized why everything turned out that way - Ashley opened the door and met me in an impromptu short dress made from a bath towel. Enough to cover everything you need, but not enough to kill even the frailest imagination. And my imagination was quite tenacious - "wish to see her without this towel." The thought just flashed through my head like lightning. It definitely did, though it was not easy to notice.
"Thank you. Sorry it took a long time - I was in the shower, did not hear the intercom".
"Nothing, I already figured it up". I replied with the most stupid expression on my face that a person of my age can only give out.
"You yourself are not too dry either". She said with an intonation note that was incomprehensible to me, pointing to my shirt, which in some places began to show through due to the rain.
"What can you do, it's downpour out there".
"You can wait it out with me. I think it will end soon". Ashley took a step to the side, clearly inviting me in. Of course, I took advantage of her invitation. And I didn't even notice how carefully she examines me with her sparkling eyes.
"Come on in, sit down". She gestured to a small sofa.
I expected that now she would go to her room to change, but instead Ashley still walked around the apartment in a towel. Which, of course, was a treat for the eyes of a virgin. I could admire her slender smooth legs. The towel rested rather snugly around her hips, showing off an expressive and sexy curve that contrasted seductively with her waist. Her small breasts, although tightly tied with a dense fabric, still attracted my attention. It even seemed to me that the towel had slipped down a little, thus creating a shallow but expressive neckline. Ashley herself gave me fleeting glances. She put the papers on the coffee table and was already looking for something in her closet drawer.
"What are you looking for?"
"One very important and necessary thing".
With these words, she took something from the drawer, pushed it, opened the bottom door of the cabinet and leaned over. "Wow, flexible!" - my first thought. "That's an ass!" - the second. The third thought in my virgin brain almost jammed - in this position, the towel could no longer cover everything. And I opened not only her seductive little ass, but also her shiny pussy. Her labia were wet not only from water, but also from lubrication - a thick drop flowed down the inside of the thigh, which I did not notice right away. As well as the fact that all this time she looked at me and smiled. When I finally paid attention to it and was about to apologize, she began to swing her hips.
"Do you like what you see?"
I couldn't answer anything articulate, I just nodded. And I covered my boner with a sofa cushion - by this moment my pants were bursting.
"I was looking for this". Ashley showed a pack of condoms. "I didn't think they would be useful to me today. But I suddenly wanted to try you".
She straightened up, turned to face me and threw off the towel. My dick by this point was a balloon, ready to explode at any moment. I even began to worry that if things got to the real point, I wouldn't last long. Ashley came up to me. Her small, sharp tits trembled slightly from the movement. Her hard nipples competed with her clean-shaven pussy for the attention of my eyes. When she knelt down and began to take off my trousers, I caught my breath.
"Let's see what you have here". I have a fairly normal dick, about 6 inches long, but quite thick. And very solid. Every night when I jerked off, I thought it was a good thing to be proud of. Though it not found any use. Up to this point. "Good," she said, smiling.
I was still sitting with bated breath, closely following her every move. Ashley took my cock in her hand and began to gently jerk it off. It was incredibly pleasant, completely incomparable to the usual masturbation. She shifted her gaze from me to my cock, gradually picking up the pace.
"Do you like it?" I could only nod. "Of course you like it. And I'm sure you didn't have anyone before me. It's so exciting!"
With these words, she began to kiss and lick my cock. Her lips gently touched my dick's head, while her hand continued to walk up and down. Then she ran her tongue up and down the shaft. And, having reached the very ridge of the head, tongued my bridle and swallowed the whole member.
New, previously unknown sensations swept over me. With every movement of her head, with every touch of her tongue and every exciting sound, I got closer and closer to the line. She stopped to catch her breath and show me my cock, shiny with her saliva and my precum.
"Wait, that's not all". She stood up and opened the condom package with her teeth. "I want to feel your cock in me".
A few seconds later my cock was wearing latex armor and Ashley climbed into my lap. Her arms wrapped around me and we shared a passionate kiss. At least in this I was not a complete novice. At the same moment, I felt that my cock was touched by something tender, wet, pleasant and hot. Ashley began to rhythmically move her hips. At first she rubbed against my cock slowly and carefully, but gradually the thrusts became more intense, more and more greedy. With one hand she continued to hold on to me, and with the other she guided my cock into herself. I felt that my dick seemed to be in a hot and tight velvet glove that promised me great pleasure. At this time, I heard Ashley begin to breathe heavily and moan a little.
We sat on the couch, clinging to each other, trying to achieve maximum contact. I grabbed Ashley around the waist, but gradually my hands went down and were already lying on her seductive ass. Surrendering to pleasure, she jumped more and more energetically on my dick. I, in turn, with each movement more and more pressured her as if trying to pierce. Her moans only made me more excited. At some point, I caught myself thinking that all these squelching and clapping sounds, along with moaning and heavy breathing, affect me no less than Ashley's hot pussy.
The pleasure only accumulated. And soon I felt myself approaching the edge. That my cock, swollen to the limit, is ready to explode at any moment and release a real stream. It seemed to me that Ashley was barely holding back. I picked up the pace and began to literally put it on my trunk. At that moment, the intercom rang - someone came. Ashley responded immediately. But I couldn't stop. And I didn't want to. She tried to escape from my embrace, but I did not let her go. Instead, I only increased the thrusts. The intercom continued to ring. And he was even joined by a mobile phone lying on the coffee table. But my cock continued to enter Ashley's hot and wet pussy. She continued to fight, but this fight was already a game - she was on the verge and really wanted to cross the line.
The cacophony of calls, groans, languid breathing, clapping and slapping merged into a single sound of lust, rising to a crescendo, resolved by our violent orgasm. She thrashed around in small convulsions and let out a practical animal moan. I burst into a stormy stream, which became a prisoner of latex. Our bodies went limp. But only for a moment - the intercom continued to ring. Ashley ran up to it, answered and opened the door. At this time, I hastily began to dress. Ashley, all wet after sex, wrapped herself in a bath towel.
"It was not bad for the first time, not bad at all. Let's do it again sometime. Now get out of here. And use the stairs - I don't want my mother to see you".
She kissed me on the lips and slapped me on the bottom, thus as if putting an end to this part of my story.