Keep in mind that all of these stories are true and that I have never included the many times I would do little things like a quick naked dip or naked sunbathing on my patio or deck. The last episode and this one were done mostly for the enjoyment of being naked not necessarily to be seen naked.
After my naked night walks and swims I had another idea.
A second development began next to the development we were living in. Both shared the same main road. Building in the second development was very slow due to a slump in the economy. It also had a private beach and several other amenities, but only a dozen or so houses.
I suspected that the beach was hardly used and a few visits during the day proved me right. It was used mostly on the weekends and by only a few people, but I didn't see anyone during the week.
The beach parking lot was to one side of the beach connected to the beach by a wide pathway. Some of the finished houses were on a hillside above this pathway. People in those houses had a clear view of the pathway and the right side (as you looked at the water) of the beach.
Also, there was a scenic railroad that ran along the lakeshore directly behind my beach and this other private beach.
The question I had was, what was the best way to get to this other beach without drawing the attention of the few people that lived there. I decided to walk the railroad tracks from my beach to the left side of the other beach. Nobody would see I was there unless they actually walked onto the beach. Simple enough. I just had to be careful of the occasional passing of the scenic train.
The first day I tried this, my wife was talking with a few women on our beach and the kids were playing there with friends. I could execute my plan because I wouldn't be missed for a while.
The walk along the tracks took a lot longer than I anticipated. I also noticed that I was clearly visible from the houses that were above the beach parking lot and pathway. People there may think it odd that an adult was walking the tracks and carrying a towel.
I stayed on the tracks until I was behind the left side of the beach and walked through an opening in the bushes that were between the railroad tracks and the beach. Although it is one beach it is separated somewhat by an outcropping of rocks and wild bushes at the shoreline and extending into the water. So, it looks like one beach, but two halves.
There was nobody on the beach. I looked around to decide where I would lay down when I got out of the water. Obviously, I wasn't going to use the right side where people in the houses above could see me. I didn't want to be in the middle of the left side where I would be clearly visible to somebody coming up the pathway to the beach. So, I stepped back to the opening in the bushes where I entered the beach from the tracks. The tracks would be behind me and bushes would be on either side of me with the water straight ahead. That's where I placed my towel.
I went in the water and took off my swimsuit. I threw it onto the sand. I swam around for a few minutes. I noticed that the rock outcrop screened this part of the water from the pathway. So, I could swim naked unnoticed, but I also noticed that boat traffic on the lake seemed a lot closer than I anticipated.
Before I left the water I checked for boats passing by, waded out of the water, pick up my swimsuit, checked the pathway now to my left and walked naked across the beach to my towel. I laid in the sun for a short while and decided to head back to my beach before I was missed.
The next time I did this I drove to the other beach's parking lot and walked the pathway to the beach, but laid down in the same protected location as my first expedition.
This time I decided to leave my swimsuit at my towel and walked to and from the water naked. I was cautious and all went well. When I returned to the towel I heard a boat approaching. It was a small fishing boat going along the shoreline. I covered up because the boater could easily see me. After that, I decide pile my shirt and swimsuit on the water side of my towel to partially block any view boaters my have.
Also, on this expedition, a scenic train went by. Again, I covered up because any passengers looking down from the train car had an almost unobstructed view of me.
I drove on the third expedition also, but parked in a parking area adjacent to the beach parking area. This was another attempt to draw attention away from people seeing me going to this beach.
I was getting more used to my new naked destination. However, I did carry my swimsuit to the water because of the close-call with the boat and the train last time. I spent a bit more time at the beach his time.
I was still not comfortable with the parking situation and so scouted out a different approach. Beyond the houses that overlooked the pathway and on a hillside above these houses there were new home sites started, but stopped because of the economic slowdown. I figured if I parked at this site and walked down the hillside I would be close to the left side of the beach. I tried it and I was right. At the bottom of the hill, I crossed the tracks and was on the beach. This was the best solution.
Now that I had solved this I started to get more daring. Over the next many expeditions to this beach the remainder of that year and the next summer. I stopped covering up when a train went by; if I was in the water when it went by I would either stand exposing my butt or swim under water and stand facing the train just as it was passing the beach; I started laying out in the middle of the beach with not protection around me; I even walked from my new parking area down the hillside and onto the beach completely naked.
There were only two incidents to disrupt my routine during this time. One time, there were people on the beach when I got there. So, I turned around and went back to the car. Another time, I was in the water naked and I heard somebody come on the beach. I waited. They stayed on the right side of the beach and then returned to the pathway after a few minutes.
By the following summer, the economy had recovered and now there were many people using the beach.
I had to find another door to open in order to satisfy my naked craving.