From this point onward, I (Brandi) will narrate the story as for most of it hubby was a distant spectator and only saw what the cameras caught and believe me there was quite a bit the cameras never saw. Hubby had been working all day Thursday and most of Friday morning, setting up four go pro cameras in various parts of our bedroom, all cleverly hidden, and one fully remote video camera with a very powerful zoom lens. I insisted that I didn't want to know where the cameras were located as I didn't want to play up to the cameras, I wanted my unfaithful slut fucking to be natural and unrehearsed. After a few tests and run through of the camera positions, hubby was eventually delighted with himself that every aspect of our bedroom was covered and any fucking occurring on the bed, the remote controlled camera would catch and zoom in if necessary, and all of the pussy and ass stretching that would inevitably occur would be captured. He'd linked the GoPro cameras to his iPad and the remote video camera was linked to his iPhone and iPad. All of the cameras were wifi connected, so he would be able to see the live links in his hotel room.
I walked into the bedroom on Friday lunchtime as he finished his voyeur task. I was wearing a black lace half cup bra with matching see through thong, revealing my shaved wet slit in all its glory. My legs were bare apart from the shocking pink stiletto court shoes I was tottering around in. I looked at my husband proud of his accomplishment and teased him saying.
"You'll be jerking off as you watch all of those black cocks pleasure me like you never could!" I scowled almost, ensuring my taunting words were arousing my voyueristic hubby.
"You'll watch and jerk as they feed those huge black cocks in all of my holes making beg for the pleasure they provide!" I continued "And they will only be stretching my holes in preparation for Saturday night when they will pimp out their white cheating slut wife whore!" I smirked looking at my husband in mock disdain.
"Are you really going to be pimped out?" Hubby asked with just a hint of nervousness in his tone.
"I'm their slut and they can whatever they want to these holes! My ass and pussy belong to them!" I smiled watching hubby's arousal and discomfort.
"I'll need to book the hotel for two nights!" Hubby smiled approvingly. He was encouraging me to be a whore for a group of black men. My pussy was fizzing and bubbling with excitement and it was at least 8 hours before my pussy would be enjoying a huge black cock slide inside her. I looked at my hubby and smiled a cruel smile.
"You won't be fucking me until after you return. There will be no fucking today as I'm saving all of my pussy juice for some real cocks!" I tormented, watching hubby squirm with pleasure and discomfort.
Hubby swallowed nervously, staring at me open mouthed, wondering just how far I was prepared to go. The reality is that the sex with the black guys was so unbelievably good, that I was prepared to go all the way, even to the extent of prostituting myself for their benefit as long as they fucked me as good and as deep as they did before. I never told my husband, but I was experiencing aftershock orgasms for about three hours after they fucked me last time. Now that is some seriously powerful cock to provide that kind of service.
"What you can do, is help me select what to wear when they fuck me tomorrow, but I'll pick out what I'll wear when I'm their pimped out married white whore on Saturday!" I smiled delighted at the discomfort hubby was expressing.
"I wonder if they insist I fuck all of the clients bare back? You know I like to feel the cock pulse when it's fucking my pussy and ass! And before you ask, if they pay to fuck my ass then that's just what they'll get!" I grinned pleased with my verbal humiliation.
"But you may get an STD!" Hubby exclaimed.
"Honey the amount of cock that is going to fuck me, I'd be very surprised if I didn't!" I laughed, knowing in my mindset that no one was getting inside me, unless their cock was sheathed in a condom. My sexy twins could go in bare back but that would be all.
Hubby actually looked afraid, so convincing was my hot bitch routine. I opened my wardrobe and asked hubby to pick me out an outrageously sexy outfit. One that would look seriously slutty with some erotic lingerie beneath, maybe with just a little of it on display.
Hubby selected my Skin-tight Red soft PVC, zip up mini dress, with a corset effect lace up back, which cinched my waist even more so.
"Good choice!" I smiled as hubby looked happy that he had pleased me.
"And what shoes should accompany this?" I asked sternly.
Hubby got down on his knees and raked through some of the ridiculously high heeled shoes I possessed. He stood up with a pair of bright Red stilettos, with a spiked heel and a broad ankle strap. The straps fastened with small silver bondage locks, giving the shoes a very sexy, kinky look.
"You're picking well tonight!" I smiled.
Going over to my lingerie drawers I looked into his now flushed face and whispered almost seductively.
"Now pick me some kinky underwear you'd like to see your cheating slut wife get fucked wearing!" I asserted watching hubby flush even more "And make sure it will look good drenched in black mans cum!" I giggled.
Hubby rummaged for a few seconds then pulled out a small black lace, bra less basque that would expose my tits to my lovers. The basque had four garter straps and the last time I wore this, I remember my tits sat proudly exposed and my waist looked tiny. Hubby handed me a pair of fishnet seamed stockings, a smart move as they wouldn't ladder which was considerate, considering how much cock I was hoping to endure. Placing the articles on the bed I turned to hubby, moving my lips to his mouth. His mouth opened and I held my mouth millimetres from his. My breath was panting into his open mouth as my lips for a fraction of a second brushed against his. I flicked my tongue over his lips, knowing that the sensation would be ticklish and somewhat frustrating. Moving my teasing mouth away from him, I stroked his cheek with my red taloned nail and smiled.
"Good choice darling. I'll look sensational having black cocks pleasure me wearing this little ensemble!" I smiled, pushing my large breasts forward to emphasise the tease "Plus the zip will make it easier for my black guys to access my cumslut body draped in the sexy lingerie just for them!" I antagonised my husband, enjoying the dominating humiliation aspect. I was a dom to my husband, but to my black lovers I will be 100 per cent submissive.
"You can rub baby oil into my body later, so my skin will be shiny, soft and smooth for my black lovers to cover in their masculine seed!" I grinned, cupping my large breasts with both hands as I suggestively licked my lips. My husband was falling for this cock teasing slut routine judging by the huge bulge in his jeans and the redness of his face and neck. I was seriously aroused but determined not to fuck him, adding to the sexual torment for both of us. Now that I had instructed him to massage baby oil on my body later, I'd no idea how my will power would cope.
To rub salt into the wounds, I peeled my black lace thong from my pussy revealing my puffed smooth slit, leaving my thigh half way down my thighs, held in place by my parted legs. I traced my hand down my stomach and glided my fingers over my smooth mound, letting my index finger slide into my hairless crack. I slid my finger up and down the length of my slit and whispered to hubby.
"To think babe, this tight pussy will not have anything other black cock for the next 48 hours!" I looked into his eyes stroking my bald slit "I wonder just how much spunk their black cocks will spurt inside me?" I tormented, finally adding "I hope I remember to take my contraceptive pill!"
Hubby's jaw almost hit the floor, partly due to my tormenting words and partly due to the very sexy masturbating scene I was performing for him.
"Would you like to lick my shaved pussy and rim my asshole?" I offered, knowing how much he enjoys these activities, and with all of the sexual tension I was bestowing on both him and I, some orgasmic relief was necessary.
Hubby turned me round and bent me over, pushing his head between my legs, he began to lap at my pussy and asshole, running the flat of his tongue inside my hairless groove then moving it around my asshole, sliding the pointed tip of his tongue inside my ass. I came instantly. My orgasm was intense, but I still maintained the charade of dominatrix.
"Lick my cunt and ass!" I panted through my orgasm "Make them clean for the cocks of my black lovers!" I continued with the torment "I'll let you taste my pussy and ass on Sunday after I've been fucked by the black cocks and my night working as their whore!"
Hubby groaned with delight at those words and his tongue slithered around my holes more fervently as I felt a wet splash on my calf. Hubby had come on my leg without touching his cock. This I knew, as both of his hands were kneading my ass, pulling my cheeks apart as his tongue went to work. This thrilled me to know that I could make my husband come with my words and actions. I arched my back, pushing my ass a little higher, exposing more of my ass and pussy for hubby to clean and enjoy. I began to play with my breasts, lightly stroking them, then gently twisting my erect nipples. Hubby continued to lick me, darting his pointed wet warm tongue in and out of my pussy and ass, till I enjoyed one last orgasm almost screaming.
"Oh fuck yeah! Clean my pussy and ass! Keep them wet for black cocks to fuck!"
Hubby's long tongue was pushed inside my cunt as his lower set of teeth grazed my blood engorged clitoris, enhancing my orgasm wonderfully as hubby finished our oral session, gently chewing my pussy, clitoris and asshole.
I pulled away from hubby, turning toward him, I smiled to see his sheepish face drenched in my cum. I patted his head gently and whispered softly.
"Thanks for cleaning my holes and getting them ready for huge black cocks and huge loads of spunk!"
Hubby just smiled, nodded then began licking my cum off his face.
"If you enjoyed the taste now, wait till you taste it on Sunday, black cock flavoured, with some spicy salty alpha male black cock spunk! Mmmmmm Delicious!" I teased, watching hubby almost shaking with excitement.
I walked out of the bedroom and into the shower, to begin preparations for my eventual black cock fest.