This chapter includes heavy non-consent, coercion, and pervasive humiliation. If those elements don't appeal to you, you may prefer one of the excellent stories found in the Literotica Top Lists.
This story is a fantasy. The author does not condone any real-world nonconsensual touching or sexual activity.
Thanks to HeyAll for his helpful feedback.
CIA Headquarters, Langley, Virginia, May 2006
Amada breathed a sigh of relief as Dr. Miller detached the polygraph sensors from her fingers and removed the blood pressure cuff. Dr. Miller had grilled her on some embarrassing aspects of her sexuality, such as her affection for lingerie. She'd never before told anyone about stripping in front of Monsignor or the spankings she'd received.
She realized Miller was removing the respiration sensor from her abdomen, and she leaned back to give him access. He then retrieved the second sensor from beneath her armpits.
"OK, Amanda, let's move to the exam room."
She knew she'd grown wet during the test, and as she rose, she checked her seat cushion. Her arousal had faded but her panties were still damp. Her skirt was thin but she was reassured to see nothing had soaked through.
Miller saw her checking. "Did you become aroused during the polygraph?"
There was no point trying to mislead him. She just nodded.
"Which part of the story was it? The lingerie? The spankings? Fucking Professor Foster?
She clasped her hands together tightly. "Pretty much all of it."
He tilted his head. "What about physical exams? Do they excite you?"
"Yes," she stammered, "they do."
"What aspect excites you?"
She looked away as warmth crept across her cheeks. "The doctor looking at me while I'm wearing only my bra and panties."
"Just like when you took off your dress for Monsignor."
"Yes." She hesitated.
"Go ahead," he prodded.
She interlaced her fingers and twisted her arms. "Or letting the doctor see my bare breasts."
"Ah. And what else?"
She looked at the carpet.
He put a finger beneath her chin and tilted it upward. "What else?"
She reddened further. "Showing the doctor my vagina," she whispered.
"I see. Ever have an orgasm during a physical?"
Two years earlier, she'd had a pelvic exam at Student Health. She'd requested a female doctor, but none were available. Her sexual response to the exam had been so shameful.
"It's ok if you did."
She couldn't bring herself to admit it. "No. Never."
She held her breath. Would he detect her lie?
Miller raised his eyebrows, then turned and led her out of his office. "During your exam, we'll take pictures for your S2 Profile Portfolio. The decision makers use it for candidate selection."
"What are their criteria?"
"Physical attractiveness. Potential to compromise a male or female target."
He guided her into the examination room. To her right, Amanda saw a stationary exam table, covered in blue vinyl. To her left stood an adjustable table, equipped with stirrups, set to a reclining position. She'd lain on a similar table for her last pelvic exam. She bit her lip.
Amanda heard a soft tapping on a frosted glass window set into a second door on the far wall. Miller called out, "Enter!" A man in his mid-twenties, dressed in rumpled khakis and a frayed button-down shirt, peeked around the door.
"Hey, Rupert, thanks for dropping by, come one in."
Rupert left the door standing open. Amanda noticed a bit of his pale, hairy belly was visible through a gap in his shirt buttons. His face looked vaguely familiar.
"Amanda, this is Rupert Moss, one of our junior intelligence analysts. Actually, I believe you've already met."
Rupert's sudden appearance was unsettling. During her exam, she deserved privacy. But Rupert himself was probably innocent of any sinister intent, so she smiled and extended her hand. "Sorry for not remembering you."
Rupert gently shook her hand. "That's ok. We met in the parking lot. I didn't get to introduce myself."
Amanda's face fell. "You're the guy who ogled me." Her nostrils flared, and she looked at him coldly.
She turned to Miller. "Why is he here? Are you making him apologize?"
Miller frowned but didn't respond. He looked at Rupert. "Was it her legs?"
Rupert hesitated, then nodded toward Amanda. "She's very pretty."
Amanda pressed her lips together and shifted her stance.
Rupert continued. "That's a short skirt, and tall heels. When she bent forward to get her handbag, she gave me quite a view." He looked at Amanda. "I'm only human."
Miller patted his shoulder. "Thanks, Rupert. I asked Fred Gordon to bring over the security camera footage. Here he is now. Hi Fred, let's see what you have."
Silently glaring at Amanda, Fred approached a wall mounted flat screen and inserted a flash drive. Using a remote, he selected a file, and the screen showed sharp full-color footage of the parking lot as a black sedan pulled in. Fred zoomed in and Amanda recognized her own black Mercedes. She opened the driver's door, stepped out, and retrieved her handbag from the back. Fred paused the video and zoomed in further. The resolution remained startling.
Miller nudged Rupert. "Is that the same view you had?"
Rupert nodded.
"Her legs are amazing."
Rupert grinned. "They sure are."
Fred smirked and rewound to where Amanda exited her car. When he zoomed in, Amanda was sickened to see her skirt had ridden up, and she'd failed to keep her knees together. Fred advanced frame by frame until the display showed a view up her skirt. A swath of pink lace peeked out from between her legs.
Miller put his hand on Rupert's shoulder. "So, you were crossing the parking lot, and Amanda opened her door and flashed her panties at you. The she got out, bent over, and gave you a long look at her legs. And with a skirt that short, she shouldn't have bothered to wear one. So, you stopped to watch the show."
Amanda was furious. "I certainly did not! I..."
Miller held up his hand. "I was asking Rupert."
Rupert was already shaking his head up and down. "Yes, Dr. Miller. Except I wasn't expecting her to show me her panties, and I missed it."
Amanda fumed, but Miller slapped Fred on the back. "Great work, Fred. Rupert appreciates it too. Go make us both a high-resolution copy." To Rupert, he asked, "Happy?"
"Yeah. The clip is awesome, I'll look forward to, um, re-watching it later." He hesitated. "But do you have any footage where she's not wearing any panties?"
Amanda was stunned. She gave Miller an incredulous look.
"No, unfortunately not, Rupert. At least not yet. But I'm about to do her physical exam. Let me see what I can do." He turned back to Fred. "Was your interest a little different, Fred? Amanda said you looked down her blouse."
Amanda wasn't listening. She was still trying to process Miller's previous comment. Footage? Not wearing panties?
Fred pointed at Amanda's blazer and snorted. "I didn't see anything. She had that stupid jacket on."
"Gotcha. Let's discuss that later. Right now, take Rupert with you to copy that clip." He paused long enough for them to leave. "Amanda, I understand why you wore the jacket. But we're going to begin your exam, so I need you to remove it."
Amanda waited until Fred and Rupert were gone before she sprang the button on her blazer and slid it off. She dropped it onto a hook, then crossed her arms over her chest.
"Arms at your sides, please."
Reluctantly, she complied. Glancing down, she felt exposed. The fabric of her blouse stretched over the swell of her breasts while clinging to her ribs and back. Neither the blouse nor the bra beneath provided much coverage. She avoided meeting Miller's eyes.
Dr. Miller noticed. "That's a flattering blouse. It's so thin, your bra shows through. Did you do that deliberately, to get my attention?"
He smiled. "Of course, you did. What good is having a pair like that if you don't show them off?"
"No." She shook her head, then touched the back of her wrist to her damp forehead. "Jack Richards told me to wear a tight blouse."
Miller gave her a sidelong glance. "Jack didn't mention that, but he did say you brought up your breasts during the interview, in a suggestive way, and that you made sure he got a good look, to exert improper influence."
The accusation was unfair, and she became cross. "That's not true."
"So, you didn't bring up your breasts?"
"No." She stopped. "I mean, yes, I did, but not - not in the way you said."
"Thanks for admitting it. Wayne Rogers said that within five minutes of meeting, you faced him and stretched, reaching your arms high and arching your back. He said you deliberately 'showed off your tits,' as he put it. In fact, I saw it myself. You were still stretching when we were first introduced. Your posing was pretty provocative."
"He made me do it! I..."
She was interrupted by another tap at the door, and again Miller called out, "Enter!"
Fred let himself in. "I'm finished copying that clip, Dr. Miller."
Amanda tossed her head and turned away to hide her chest from Fred's view.
Miller gave her a sharp look. "Amanda. First you don't even say hello to Fred, then you turn your back on him. Maybe you guys got off on the wrong foot, but you need to move past it. Be professional and go shake his hand."
Amanda didn't want Fred to see her barely covered breasts, but it would be mulish to refuse to shake. She suppressed a scowl as she stepped forward and offered her hand.
Fred looked distainfully at her extended hand for a moment before accepting it. When he finally took it, he held it for a beat as he eyed the roundness of her bust.
Miller elbowed Fred. "Some rack, huh?"
"I heard that!"
Fred smiled. "They're pretty great." He lowered his voice and held his hand in front of his mouth. "How come she still has her blouse on?"
Amanda shook her head.
Miller winked at Fred, then looked at Amanda. "Take off your blouse."
Wait a minute, she thought. She expected to disrobe a bit further for Miller, and she was even slightly excited about undoing her blouse for the handsome doctor, but she couldn't imagine doing so with Fred watching.
Nevertheless, the blouse didn't hide much, and there was no upside to testing Miller's patience.
She faced Miller, pretending Fred wasn't present. But as she unbuttoned her blouse, both men ogled her. The edges of the elastic material pulled apart, exposing her upper chest, a section of her pale pink bra where the cups joined, and finally a narrow strip of her taut belly. She pulled the tails of her blouse from her waistband, revealing her bra more completely.
With her eyes lowered, she slid the blouse off her shoulders. She hung it over her jacket, then faced Miller again. She studied his face, gauging his reaction to her bra-clad breasts. Part of her wanted to be indifferent, or even disdainful toward any sign that he viewed her as a sex object.
Nevertheless, Miller was quite good-looking, not to mention confident, accomplished, and powerful. His opinion carried weight. She was still insecure in her own beauty, and she longed for his affirmation.
Miller eyed her chest. "You really do like expensive lingerie. Is that another bra from Agent Provocateur?" He leaned in for a closer look. "Or Victoria's Secret? Is it a Wonderbra?"
Amanda missed the suggestiveness in his tone. "No, the Wonderbra has extra padding. My friend Katherine has one, but for me it would be unnecessary."
"What about the lace? It's translucent. Is it to call more attention to your breasts?"
"Of course not!"
"Amanda. I understand why you want me to admire your breasts. They're very beautiful. I'm guessing not many men have seen them, so you haven't received many compliments yet. It's not surprising you'd feel the urge to flaunt them."
Amanda felt ashamed and confused. Did she want to show off her breasts today? Had that influenced her choice of bra? Was her tendency toward vanity rearing its head? Her self-confidence unraveled. She opened her mouth to protest, but nothing came out.
Miller met her eyes. "Today, you'll definitely get compliments on your breasts." He lifted his phone. "Jenkins. Come to the exam room. Bring your camera."
A minute later, a bespectacled, middle-aged man let himself in the back door, muttering that some advance warning would be helpful. When he caught sight of Amanda, bare to the waist except for her flimsy bra, he stopped short, but he quickly recovered and turned his attention to his digital SLR.
Amanda was distressed by his arrival. Here was another man, not even a medical professional, much less a doctor, invited to scrutinize her partly nude body with impunity. Since her lacy bra did little to conceal her breasts, she raised her hands to cover herself.
"Jenkins, this is Amanda. She needs an S2 Profile Portfolio."
Jenkins nodded. He sighted through his viewfinder and took three closely spaced shots. He captured Amanda wearing a frown, her hands clutched to her breasts, chin down, shoulders hunched.
"Miss, um - "
"Amanda Stevens."
"Amanda. You're scowling, and anxious. That's not the look you're going for. You want a more relaxed, confident expression."
"Well, I'm sorry!" she said, not meaning it. "I'm not used to being photographed in my underwear by complete strangers." But after a moment, she managed to pull up the corners of her mouth.
"You don't have to smile, just relax and part your lips." He had her look down, to contrast her long, dark eyelashes with her light skin. He framed her face and shoulders, then took a closeup highlighting the depth of her large eyes.
Amanda responded to his gentle tone and subtle flattery. She grew accustomed to the sound of the shutter, and Jenkins persuaded her to move her hands to her hips in a more confident pose as he took wider shots of her nearly naked body. He made her feel desirable, and arousal stirred within her.
Miller's voice intruded. "Take off your skirt."
Miller's command reminded Amanda of her attire, or lack thereof, and forced her to confront a decision. Would she expose her skimpy panties to this appealing doctor, while being photographed?
Miller stood facing her, waiting. Jenkins had his camera ready.
Reluctantly, she reached to the small of her back, grasped the zip tab of her skirt, and drew it down. Jenkins took another sequence as she unhooked the waistband, rocked her hips, and worked the narrow garment down her legs.
As he watched her unwittingly laschivious wiggling, Miller stood rooted. His eyes traced the flatness of her belly, the swell of her butt, and her sculpted thighs and calves. Her pink lace bikini panties matched her bra. Jenkins obtained some full-frontal shots and some snaps from behind.
Amanda crossed her arms over her breasts, her heart pounding. "Some of those pictures don't leave much to the imagination. Why do you need such explicit photos?"
Even as she protested, she avoided admitting to herself how much their interest and attention excited her.
"Oh, you don't know the half -" Jenkins began.
"They're for your portfolio," Miller interrupted. "That's all you need to know."
She bit her lip. Obviously, Jenkins intended to take more pictures as Miller continued to make her strip.
Jenkins began to line up his next shot, but stopped. "Amanda, I'm not getting the shots I need. Your poses aren't quite right. It's going to affect your chances."
Amanda shrugged her shoulders. "But I've done whatever you asked."
He stepped back and peered through his viewfinder. "Lean forward."
Amanda rolled her eyes, then bent at the waist. She felt the weight of her breasts shift, and she knew the pose lewdly revealed their upper slopes. At Jenkins' request, she let her hair spill over her shoulders and pouted.
"That's almost it." Jenkins lowered his camera. "Get up on the exam table, on hands and knees, facing this way."
Amanda liked this pose even less than the last one, but she climbed up. Her bra was designed more for aesthetics than utility, and it pressed her flesh upward. As she bent over, she feared her breasts would spill out of their cups. The embarrassment would be too much to contemplate. She took shallow breaths.
Jenkins stepped forward for a close-up. "Look at the camera." He took a few frames, then circled behind her. "No, stay right there."
Amanda was disheartened by this affront but not surprised. She knew her butt attracted as much attention as her breasts. Her friends worried obsessively about their bottoms, however, and she was not immune, although she wasn't sure if hers was too big or too small.
She thought about this particular pair of panties, which had only a thong in back, and she flushed. They were a shameful choice, but one which also excited her. Despite her unease, she felt a burst of pride as she imagined Miller regarding her bottom with hungry lust.
Jenkins' camera shutter clicked repeatedly. "Go lower in front. No, keep your butt up, just drop your chest to the table. Knees farther apart. Good. Turn your head to the side and look back at me."
She tried not to think about how obscene this pose was, with her bottom raised high while she was completely bent over. She felt the tension in her upper thighs and buttocks, and an unwanted image of her exaggerated roundness sprung to mind.
She understood the need for sexier poses, but these shots would be particularly crude. Who would see them? How would they judge her? Beautiful angel, or debased whore?
To her shame, these thoughts further heightened her arousal. The tension she felt within the deepest reaches of her belly had been increasing for some time. Her secretions might have begun to leak into her panties. She feared there might be a visible wet spot, but she didn't dare check.
When she could finally sit up, Jenkins took a break while Miller measured and recorded her vital signs. Miller then summoned a phlebotomist who he introduced as Seth. As he drew blood from the crook of her arm, he studied her figure while she sat blushing.
Seth directed Amanda to stand and recorded her height and weight. He then knelt, nudged her feet apart, and held a measuring tape inside her ankle. He ran it up her right calf and continued up the inside of her thigh, making her flinch. He pressed the tape into the crease where her thigh met her body, the back of his hand squished against her damp cleft.
She suppressed a protest to the position of his hand, but she squirmed as she felt his hot breath on her mound through the thin material of her panties. How much could he see through the lacy fabric? Would he detect the musky scent of her arousal?
Seth asked Amanda her measurements, and she told him. Instructing her to place her hands at her sides, she felt herself color again as he checked each answer with the tape, starting with her chest just above her breasts. He moved on to the fullest part of her bust, the narrowest point of her waist, and the widest part of her hips.
Miller turned to Jenkins. "Get your camera up." He looked back at Amanda. "Take off your bra."
Amanda tossed her head. "Is this part of my exam, or for my portfolio, or is it just for your amusement?"
Miller's face darkened. "Actually, all three. But you'd do well to be respectful. You don't want to earn a critical endorsement."
Amanda apologized, but her face and upper chest flushed as she realized this dispute would not be resolved until she removed her bra. She licked her lips. She was secretly pleased by Miller's interest, but also embarrassed.
Yes, he was a doctor, and exams required removal of clothing, but she expected to be afforded some privacy. She certainly didn't envision baring her torso in public.
Nevertheless, she understood the point of the portfolio. Physical attractiveness was essential to her prospective role. Nevertheless, she hated posing for such compromising photos, and she especially didn't want to bare her breasts.
On the other hand, posing for nude photos was preferable to stripping down for each decision maker separately and in person. In the end, she saw that the pictures were the better option.
Summoning her willpower, Amanda tried to appear confident as she met Miller's eye. She reached behind herself, unhooked her bra, slid the straps off her shoulders, and let the cups fall away from her breasts. Her cheeks pinked as Jenkins' camera cycled, and she cast her gaze to the floor.
When she finally looked up, Seth was still staring at her exposed breasts. Instinctively, she covered them with her hands.
Miller grew exasperated. "Amanda, last warning. No more hands. It disrupts the exam, and it interferes with the pictures."
Reluctantly, she dropped her arms to her sides.
"Thank you. Seth, bring me the wrist cuffs." Miller wrapped a leather cuff around her slender wrist, tightened the strap, and secured the buckle, repeating the process on her other wrist.
As Miller applied the cuffs, Amanda scrunched up her face, struggling to control her emotions. She still felt a pull of attraction toward Miller, even more powerfully than before, but he had proven to be untrustworthy. The idea of completely relinquishing control to him was both exciting and frightening.
Miller saw her discomfort. "There's no shame in needing the cuffs, Amanda. Many women need them at some point. Even Michelle -" He stopped himself. "I hope I won't have to tether them, but now we're ready if they're needed."
So it's true, she thought. Miller's new wife had been an NCS candidate. And Miller had performed her physical exam.
Apparently, Michelle had been stripped as naked as she herself, and had been just as embarrassed. And Miller had cuffed her so he could take his time staring at her nude body. And then he'd married her. How disconcerting. She almost forgot she was standing there in only her panties.
He patted her shoulder. "Turn to the right and put your hands behind your head."
As she raised her arms, Seth and Jenkins stared. Miller stood behind her, ready to grasp her breasts. She wondered if he would touch her nipples. They were already swollen, and sensitive. Her visible arousal was embarrassing.
"Elbows higher. Point them up at the ceiling. Now arch your back. Hold that position."
As she raised her elbows, she felt the tension in her pectoral muscles, and her breasts lifted and swelled. Arching her back thrust them farther forward. The contortions intensified the men's interest. She reddened as Jenkins took more shots.
Then she felt Miller's hand on her ribcage, just below her breast, and she suppressed a startled twitch. He slid his hand upward to cup her breast, spreading his fingers. With his left hand, he explored her other breast, weighing, pressing, prodding, squeezing. This doesn't feel anything like a normal breast exam, she thought.
As Jenkins lined up another close-up, Amanda drew a deep breath at the sensation of Miller's palms and fingers. The coil of arousal within her lower abdomen tightened. She knew Miller wouldn't miss her fully erect nipples, and she felt ashamed. Worse, she feared he'd discover how wet she was.
Oh, no, she thought. Would he make her take off her panties too? She didn't think she could stand the embarrassment. But he'd made her strip off every other item she wore. His interest only grew with each new expanse of naked skin. What would stop him from taking her last remnant of modesty?
The moment came all too soon.
"Remove your panties." Miller's voice was thick.
When Amanda finally managed to speak, it was with less self-assurance than she would have liked. "Gosh, my panties too?" Her voice cracked. "You can already see almost everything. They don't cover much. Only the part I most don't want to show you."
When he didn't respond, her voice rose. "I'm shy, ok? I'm young and inexperienced. I don't go around pulling down my panties for strangers all the time." She glared at him.
He still didn't answer, and after a moment, her anger dissipated, and she softened her tone. "Could you at least send the others away? To give me some privacy?"
"Why this sudden modesty? Are you wet?"
He grinned. "It aroused you to show me your body, didn't you? Or was it my hands on your breasts?"
He chuckled as he nodded, seeing he had guessed correctly. "You're wet! Is that what you're hoping to hide?"
Her mind reeled. He already suspected.
"Well?"
Amanda had delayed as long as she could. Ashamed but resigned, she took a step toward Miller. Her breasts swayed freely. Seth's gaze was locked on the junction of her thighs. Jenkins stared at her butt.
Summoning her resolve, she hooked her thumbs into her panties, and drew in a breath.
"Wait," said Miller. "Jenkins, come around and get some shots of this."
He turned back to Amanda. "Keep your fingers in the sides of your panties, but release the tension."
As she complied, she felt the elastic pull the front of her panties flat against her lower abdomen. Jenkins took a couple of shots.
"Now, pull your thumbs outward and down, just enough so that the waistband inverts in front. Good. Now a little more. Hold that." Jenkins snapped more pictures.
Seth touched Miller's arm. "That's so hot!" he whispered.
Amanda heard him, and she glowered at him.
Miller smirked. "Let them go back up. Now down again."
She understood the titillation he sought to provide, at her expense. It took her a moment to swallow her anger and comply.
Miller cleared this throat. "Down a bit further."
As she did so, she glanced down. The waistband lay below the upper edge of her vulva. They're seeing my pussy now, she thought. As Jenkins took more snaps, she felt new heat in her cheeks.
"A little more." She slid her panties down another inch, then another, leaving them at mid-thigh. Somehow this was far more humiliating than having no panties at all. Jenkins' camera cycled.
Miller wiped his brow with his sleeve. "OK, that's good. You can pull them the rest of the way down now."
Amanda leaned forward and slid her panties down her calves. She winced when she saw how obviously her accumulated secretions had darkened the satin of the center panel.
"You're positively drenched. This exam isn't as unpleasant as you're making out, is it?"
She couldn't respond. With her panties around her ankles, she closed her eyes, waiting for the heat in her face to fade.
Miller reached out his hand. "I'll take those."
Wordlessly she stepped out of her panties. Seeing they were tangled, she straightened and folded them, tucking the wet center gusset within the drier portions, and extended them to him.
Miller dropped her panties into a bag. He added her bra and hung the bag beside her blouse and skirt. "Stand here, please," he directed, pointing at a spot in the center of the room.
Now completely naked, and shivering despite the warm temperature in the room, she obeyed. Jenkins moved around her, shooting full-length images. Amanda pressed her thighs together, one arm across her breasts, her other hand over her crotch.
Miller reminded her to drop her arms, tapping his finger against one of her cuffs to reinforce the alternative. After she conformed, Jenkins took close-ups.
Amanda hated showing her bare backside to strangers, but that was nothing compared to how she felt about her fully exposed front. She'd long been self-conscious about her thick, black pubic hair. When she'd started college at age 19, she'd learned fashion required its removal. Her friends all got waxed regularly, even the few who weren't sexually active. Since they shared a bathroom, they noticed each other's grooming. An unkempt bush suggested excessive prudishness. The thought of being mocked and taunted was unbearable.
But now she was ashamed. Miller would interpret her grooming as another obvious attempt to attract his attention.
Miller helped Amanda onto the reclining exam table. She noticed the stirrups were different than any she'd seen. These were more like boots, and they had Velcro straps across the front to hold the patient's feet and legs in place.
"Those are strange stirrups."
Miller nodded. "They're made for surgical procedures. The straps keep the patient in position. They work best for our purpose."
Seth fastened a nylon belt tightly around her narrow waist, then secured he feet in the stirrups. The stirrup mount clamps were still loose, allowing her to keep her knees and thighs together. Seth stared again at the junction of her thighs, triggering another ripple of unease.
Even without looking, Amanda knew her labia would be glistening with her own wetness. They weren't yet visible, but without thinking, Amanda covered herself with her hand.
Miller gave her a steely look. "Seth, fasten her hands to the hard point behind her head. No, Amanda, I warned you repeatedly. Extend your arms."
This relinquishment of her freedom of movement was particularly difficult to accept. Her hands trembled as she contemplated her helplessness.
Miller sighed impatiently. "Extend your arms," he repeated.
When Amanda finally did so, she found she had to stretch to get her wrists close to the hard point. Seth clipped her wrist cuffs to the fixture, and she felt the tension in her shoulders as he tightened the tether. She was immobilized. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead as a sense of foreboding overwhelmed her.
Amanda caught Miller's eye. "Please send the others out of the room first. For my privacy."
Miller shook his head. "Sorry."
Amanda persisted. "In New Jersey, it's illegal for anyone, other than a female nurse, to be present during a woman's pelvic exam. I doubt Virginia is any different."
Miller scowled. "Seth is an RN. Anyway, the CIA's screening protocols are protected by FISA and aren't subject to state law."
Amanda had read the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and she couldn't recall a provision supporting Miller's claim. She wasn't certain, however.
Miller eyed her lower abdomen. "I see you've removed your pubic hair."
Amanda's lower lip quivered. "Yes, I did, I mean, I do."
"How recently?"
"Monday," she murmured, her eyes downcast.
"Did you want to draw my attention to your pussy? Or was it to tease me? Or to show you're sexually available?" He smirked. "Did you hope I'd bend you over my desk and fuck you while I mauled your tits, like Professor Foster did?"
She reddened. He suspects how strongly I'm drawn to him, she thought. How much I want him inside me. How roughly I want him to use me.
"No," she whispered, shaking her head emphatically. Then she found her voice. "It's the current fashion." She looked him in the eye. "I was disheveled down there."
Miller chose that moment to push on the insides of her knees. Amanda tensed, but he maintained the pressure, and easily opened her thighs an inch. Overwhelmed with a sense of helplessness, she let out a squeak.
Miller persisted, slightly increasing his pressure, opening her. Her inner thighs tightened as he leaned forward, prying her legs farther apart. When he had widely splayed her left leg, he secured its clamp, then repeated the process on her right leg. When she was fully spread, he took a moment to admire her vulva.
"Is that a Brazilian, when they remove all your hair, front and back?
Amanda simply nodded. She closed her eyes and tried not to think about his view of her most intimate area.
Miller switched on a spotlight and trained it between her open thighs. From a cabinet, he withdrew a tube of lubricant and spread a quantity over his gloved hand. "Open your eyes."
When she did so, she fixed her gaze on the ceiling.
"Look at me."
She did as he asked, but when she felt his first touch, she closed her eyes again.
"No, eyes right here. Look at me while I penetrate you."
She drew in a breath and met his gaze. He spread her labia and placed the tip of his finger at her entrance. As he watched her face, he pushed his finger into her, then rotated his hand, probing deeper until his knuckles pressed against her labia. She tried to hold his gaze, and she felt abased.
Miller withdrew his hand and called out to Jenkins over his shoulder. "You didn't get any shots of that, did you?"
Jenkins was chagrinned. "No, Dr. Miller, I don't take photos while they're in the stirrups. The guidelines don't permit it."
"This time, we'll make an exception. This part is too good, I mean, I'll need pictures of this to study later, so I'll repeat it. You can shoot over my shoulder."
"No, wait! Dr. Miller, please don't. Mr. Jenkins has already taken so many pictures, including several of me completely naked. I haven't enjoyed it, but I've cooperated. Please don't take pictures of... between my legs." She forced a smile, her eyes glistening.
Miller was unsympathetic. "Don't beg. It's unbecoming." He motioned Jenkins forward.
Jenkins was visibly uncomfortable, but he stood behind Miller, giving himself an unobstructed view. Seth also stepped forward, ignoring Amanda's objections, to watch over Miller's other shoulder. Unlike Jenkins, Seth was apparently unconcerned about the guidelines.
At least he's an R.N., Amanda thought. He'd undoubtedly seen other women's genitals, even if he was overly interested in studying her own.
There was another knock at the door.
"No!" Amanda fixed her eye on Miller. "Don't. You. Dare."
Miller was undeterred. "Enter. Ah, Rupert. Perfect timing."
Amanda twisted her head in a futile attempt to see Rupert, who stood just inside the doorway, behind Amanda's head. "I'm in the stirrups!" Her voice rose in pitch. "You can't possibly let him in!"
Rupert hesitated. "Dr. Miller? Thank you, sir, but it looks like she's on the exam table? Is she naked? Maybe I shouldn't be here."
"Nonsense. You wanted to see more of Amanda. You said, 'Not wearing any panties,' right?"
Rupert took a few steps forward. From that vantage point, he could see the upper half of Amanda's body. He stared wide-eyed at her bare breasts for a long moment. He cleared his throat. "Yes, sir, I did say that, but she's pretty angry, and I don't want to get in trouble."
"Let me worry about that. Jenkins is about to take pictures, and Seth is going to watch. Just -"
"No, they're not going to watch," Amanda interrupted. "Neither are you, Rupert. Get out." Spittle adhered to her lower lip.
Miller rolled his eyes. "Really, Rupert, it's fine. Come on around."
Rupert looked back at the door, as though he might leave, then gazed at Amanda's breasts again. Finally, he stepped toward the foot of the table. Amanda saw his face peek over the top of her knee. From that angle, Rupert could see the inside of her upper thigh.
As Miller returned his attention to Amanda's crotch, Rupert took a final step, which put him right behind Jenkins' shoulder. He grinned, removing all doubt about what he could see. A tear ran down her hot cheek.
Miller elbowed Jenkins as he applied more lube to his glove. "Be sure to get closeups."
"Please no. Not while you penetrate me." She looked at Jenkins. "Please don't."
Jenkins looked regretful, but he put his eye to the viewfinder.
Miller saw Jenkins was ready. "Eyes right here again, Amanda."
As she complied, Jenkins' camera cycled. Miller's slippery latex glove spread her labia. His finger penetrated her, and again she fought a surge of shame, compounded by his crude language and the humiliating photos. Her features contorted.
When he was sure he had the pictures he wanted, Miller inserted a second finger, and she felt her pussy stretch to accommodate it. The sensation was pleasant. As he methodically explored her, she began to relax. His other hand bore down on the lowest portion of her belly.
When his tour was complete, his fingers returned to her frontal wall. He rhythmically massaged her G spot with the pads of his fingers. A confused expression crossed her face, and her breathing quickened. As he continued, a wave of intense arousal overtook her.
He slid his left hand farther down her abdomen until his thumb rested on the hood of her clitoris. As he palpated her belly with his fingers, he circled her nub with his thumb. Inside her, his fingertips still rubbed her G spot. Now she was sure he was deliberately masturbating her. She felt herself slickening, and she whimpered.
Miller remained blasé, as though nothing untoward was occurring, even as he maintained a steady cadence with his fingers.
Abruptly, her resistance collapsed under the accumulated weight of the day's events. He had compelled her to disclose her most intimate experiences. He had methodically stripped her naked and callously displayed her breasts and vulva to other men. He had tightly restrained her and forcefully levered her thighs apart. He had degraded her, dominated her, and photographed her in demeaning poses.
These indignities shocked and disgusted her, but they also resonated with a certain twisted perversity buried deep within her psyche. Collectively, they were enormously arousing, despite her strong sense of shame. Coupled with Miller's physical stimulation, they threatened to push her over the brink. It would be a further humiliation to cum during the exam, and she fought against it, but ultimately her body betrayed her.
Amanda furrowed her brow and tensed her jaw as she felt her muscles contracting spasmodically around his fingers. Her legs jerked inward, held fast by the stirrups, which strained against their clamps. She thrust her pelvis upward and writhed on the table, thrashing beneath her tight nylon belt, bleating as she hit peak after peak while his fingers continued their ministrations. She coated his gloved right hand with her secretions. When he finally stopped, she panted to catch her breath.
"What did you do to me?"
He grinned. "You needed to cum, and I helped you along. Earlier, you admitted you get excited by showing men your bare breasts, and by opening your legs to display your pussy. There's a term for it, exhibitionism. Apparently, you enjoyed having my fingers in your pussy too."
His grin faded. "But you shouldn't have lied to me. You've cum during an exam before, haven't you?"
Feeling further abased, Amanda steamed in silence, tired of arguing. There was no denying she'd enjoyed the orgasm. Maybe he was right, maybe she was an exhibitionist. And she shouldn't have lied to him. But it galled her that he was smugly pleased with himself about it.
Amanda thought the exam was finished, until Miller squirted more gel deep into the cleft between her butt cheeks. Grasping what was about to happen, Amanda struggled to retain her composure. She shut her eyes tightly, but again Miller insisted she look at him. As Jenkins loomed over his shoulder, his camera at the ready, she clenched her fists and grunted as Miller penetrated her anally.
Initially her sphincter contracted involuntarily around the foreign intrusion. As soon as the contraction subsided, he worked a second finger into her asshole. He pressed them forward to push against his other fingers inside her pussy. For Amanda, the sensation was a mix of discomfort and pleasure. Had he continued, she might have climaxed again.
When Miller was finally done, Seth released her feet from the stirrups, unclipped her wrist cuffs, and released her belt. He put his hands on her waist and boosted her down from the table, letting his fingers slide over her hips before he released her. "I'll just wipe that extra lube off your pussy," he said as he crouched, tissue in hand.
Seth's hand was already between her legs by the time Amanda reacted, grabbing his wrist and snatching away the tissue. "I'll do it."
Seth snorted. "Whatever."
Miller put his hand on the doorknob. "If you like, you can get dressed now, and we can talk in my office." He walked out, leaving the door standing open.
Having used the single small piece of tissue to remove most of the lube, Amanda was eager to get dressed before anyone else wandered in. She spied her blouse and skirt on a hook at the opposite end of the room, but before she could take a step, Rupert approached.
"I just wanted to say sorry for looking at your legs too long in the parking lot. I mean, is that what I did wrong? I looked too long?" His stare was locked on her swaying breasts.
Amanda huffed in irritation. Rupert's earlier gawping in the parking lot paled in comparison to his more recent leering. "Don't be ridiculous," she scoffed coldly, "that was the least of the problem." Putting her arm across her breasts, she sidestepped him.
Rupert also moved to the side. "Wait, could I... touch them? He nodded toward her breasts, then lowered his voice. "I've never touched a woman's tits before. Yours are so beautiful." He reached out.
Amanda dodged his grasp, circling around him to reach her clothing. Jerking the plastic bag from its hook, she stepped into her panties, then wrapped the band of her bra around herself and engaged the hooks. Facing away from Rupert, she pulled the cups over her breasts and slid the straps over her shoulders.
Glancing over her shoulder as she reached for her blouse, she saw Rupert still watching her expectantly. She sighed. "No, sorry, you don't get to grope my breasts." She did up the buttons on her blouse.
He looked forlorn.
She shook her head and snorted as she zipped up her skirt. "You need practice? Get yourself a blow-up doll."
She walked out and turned toward Miller's office.