Chapter Five - Local tours
Anita
As usual for a Saturday morning, I was getting ready to go to my parents for the weekend. I was almost done with my makeup, and was applying lipstick in front of the mirror when I heard the sound of a bike stopping nearby. The sound of the bike was distinctly of an Enfield Bullet and intuitively, I thought of Paul. It could not be Paul; others could have the same bike. I pacified myself but could not resist verifying and rushed to the window of my room. My heart skipped a beat when I saw him standing at the gate, looking at the same open window to where I rushed. As our eyes met, I waved, asking him to wait there. I chuckled as I checked myself in the mirror, not bad in a green sari; on coming out and locking the room, I walked to the front gate.
I got his mesmerized look. "Good morning. How do you know, we're going out?"
"What do you mean? I'm going to my parents."I smiled.
"Oh, I see." He looked disheartened and continued with a pause, "I thought we could go somewhere else."
It surprised me. "Really? Why didn't you tell me yesterday?"
"Well, I didn't plan it but thought that being local, I should show you some good places here," he answered.
Wondering about his girlfriends, I felt flattered that he thought of me, and cared enough to show me places and obviously provide me with a ride on his bike.
"Oh, Paul, you should have thought that till we were in the office. Anyway thanks for your offer and if you don't mind, would you please drop me at the bus terminus?"
He did not listen to me fully, but rather spoke about a beautiful lake nearby and ended in asking me, "Do you have to go early? You could start in the afternoon also."
I had heard about the lake, famous for its scenic beauty and not very far. He told me it would not take much time and we could come back by three in the afternoon. I was in two minds as reaching home early was not a priority and riding his bike was always thrilling for me.
I agreed, "Ok, since you insist, let us go to the lake first but you have to drop me at the bus terminus on the way back."
"Much better, please hop on," he indicted towards the pillion of his bike.
I could not skip the chance of teasing, "Are not you scared of your girlfriends? They may break your legs if they see me on your bike." I laughed.
"Don't worry silly, I don't have any such girlfriend, except maybe you." He winked.
I feigned surprise, "Oh, really? I never knew that! Did you propose to me? Maybe in your dream?" I laughed. "Since when am I your girlfriend?"
"Stop teasing, I did that just now." He appeared shy.
I laughed and rolled my eyes, "No, Paul, I deserve much better than that! Come on to your knees, Paul!"
"Madam, you said you have to go home this afternoon and we are losing time now," he answered.
I sat on the pillion and he started the engine. I liked riding his bike, especially with Paul and the manly bike he rides. Scared of falling, he did not have to ask me to hold him tightly but he did warn me before speeding up when we reached the outskirts of town. My clutch from behind turned so that I was hugging him from behind.
After riding about half an hour, on reaching an unpaved, bumpy road, I did literally press myself on his back, securing him tightly. He had experience with his girlfriends and surely knew how to make them clutch him. I clutched him more out of panic but instinctively felt he enjoyed it and it may be the real reason for taking me on a ride.
The huge lake was fed by a small rivulet, and was surrounded by lush manmade greenery, flowers, and tall trees with cement benches kept under the leafy branches. Nature always soothed tensed nerves. Forgetting the panicky ride, I felt happy for being amidst nature and instantly thanked him for bringing me there. Holding my hand, he was smiling and told me, "Let us walk and I'll show you a mermaid."
Leaning against him, I enquired, "Really?"
And he nodded his head, "Yes."
From the entrance at the west side, we walked through the road surrounding the lake, reaching north east, where the lake was a little protruded but invisible all along from the other end. A beautiful statue of a mermaid, made of white marble, was kept on a small island inside the lake. I spotted an empty bench, kept under a big tree and asked him, "May we sit there?"
He nodded again. Sitting on the bench, maybe inadvertently, I leaned my head against his arm, must be an effect of the serenity of the place. The place where we were seated was secluded, hidden from view from the road. We sat a while in silence, soaking in the peacefulness of the place and I broke the silence asking him about his life.
He did not answer for a while but started with losing his father at a tender age, struggles his mom had while raising him single handedly, his growing up and achievements. Lost in his story, he looked so tender. To bring him back into reality, I asked him about his girlfriends. He looked at me and smiled. "No girlfriends, just friends."
I told him nonchalantly, "Stop lying and tell me honestly."
Breaking our gaze, he took my hand to his lips and kissed it. "Would you mind to be my girlfriend?"
Drawing my hand back, I mocked him, "I do not want to be beaten by your ex."
He responded, "Silly girl."
I got proposals in my college days but nothing serious and as usual, they did not last. I wanted to believe in him but was not sure about his true feelings and I wanted to be sure before committing to anything serious. At the same time, I felt he was speaking from his heart. He asked me, "Do you have anyone special in your life?"
I nodded, "Yes, my dad and my mommy."
He smiled and I did not know what to think when he took my hand in his palm, playing with my fingers. I sat silently, leaning against his shoulder; engrossed and enjoying the view. He turned and placed his lips on mine, kissing me slowly. It was so natural that I closed my eyes and did not know how long it lasted.
He hugged me and I felt so safe in his arms. My face fell on his chest and his mild cologne filled my senses. Slowly his hand moved up, leaving my hand on his lap, and reached my breasts. I felt his caressing fingers, moving over my breasts, and maybe since they did not cuddled for long, wanted for more and I sighed on his chest.
As they longed for his touches, I could not protest and his light caressing fingers soon started pressing on my boobs. My hand moved slightly, maybe without my knowledge, grasping his hardness. He started kissing me again while he struggled to put his fingers through the openings between the buttons of my blouse, inside my bra, touching my bare skin. Our kiss turned passionate while I held his hard dick. He pulled down the zipper of his pants, taking out his manhood, as my fingers gripped him, covering half of the lively dick. Oblivious of where and with whom, keeping my eyes shut, I concentrated on kissing and feeling the beast in my hand.
He was fondling my breasts, moving from one to another, pinching my nipples, harder with passing time. Oh my God, I loved the feeling so much! I could not hold his full length and maybe out of a natural response, my fingers were moving along it, up and down. He sucked on my tongue continually and soon hot fluid filled my fingers. He stopped sucking and broke the kiss. Opening my eyes instantly, I pulled myself away from his arms and looked at my fingers, still holding his hard dick. My small fingers were covered with his juice and I almost jolted out my hand from his dick. He continued to press my breasts till he stopped and then pulled his hand out from my blouse.
I sat there with my face down as he wiped my fingers with his handkerchief. I was in shock when he lifted my face up and gave a short kiss on my lips. I was unable to speak or resist anything. He got up from the bench, lifted me by the hand and we started walking silently side by side. We exited the lake area and reached the entrance, where his bike was parked. He started his bike as I sat at his back, it was 4:30 pm by then.
On the way back, he stopped for fuel at a filling station, as we stood in a queue waiting for turn, a small car came and stopped behind us. A cold chill passed through my body, as I turned back, looking inside the car! It happens, what you fear the most. Ushadi was in the backseat of the car with some ladies and children! As she met my gaze, I felt like a deer under the spotlight. I hurried to put a wry smile but Paul started the bike since it was filled by then. I asked him, "Did you notice who was in the car behind us?"
"Nope, who was it?" he enquired back.
"Ushadi," I responded.
He did not believe me, "Are you kidding?"
"No way, she was in the car behind us at the fuel station."
"Oh my God, how on earth she could be here?" he said, surprised.
I did not answer and he continued, "Are you sure, it was her?"
"Yes Paul, believe me, it was her in the car."
"OK, don't worry; she's not going to kill you! Can't we roam together? We've nothing to hide." He tried to reason with and pacify me.
Ushadi
It was accidental and surprising to see them together on Saturday afternoon. In fact she told me on the previous day that she would be visiting her parents on weekends. What a lie! They roamed together on weekends but she did not bother to tell me, even after seeing them at a fuel station far off! I never imagined that they would progress so fast! They invented a clever ploy to deflect attention; at the office, they're not talking to each other, probably they wanted to keep their relationship a secret.
Paul would often come to my desk, on any pretext, and sit on a chair in front of my desk and chat with me for awhile. Anita had her desk next to mine, on my right, and he couldn't keep his eyes off her. Whenever I caught him off guard, checking her out and smiling, he would flatter me with an ingenious smile. I did not tell her anything, why should I, when she was not forthcoming and preferred to keep secrets from me. He asked me, gesturing towards Anita, "Would you mind passing notes to her?"
"What notes?" I asked him.
"Err... just small notes for her," he replied.
I smiled. "Paul, she is an innocent young woman from the hills, don't try to spoil her."
Apprehending seriousness, he answered, "I won't, never. You can trust me."
Trying not to be serious, I quipped in a lighter tone, "I know you like her but what would happen to your girlfriends?" I laughed.
He too laughed. "Didi [elder sis], you never miss a chance to pull my leg."
"Ok bro, I'll deliver your love notes, my pleasure." I winked. He laughed and left my desk.
He handed me a note on the next day; suddenly coming to my desk, dropping a small, folded piece of paper on my desk, before hurriedly getting back to his desk. I picked it up, put it in my purse and smiled at him, as he looked at me.
While going back home after work, walking with Anita, I handed over the note. "It's for you."
She took the folded paper and read it while walking. "Missing your touches, baby! Make it on Friday?"
I read that and knew what was written there and decided to confront her. "What's that, Anita? Where're you touching him?"
She remained silent, face down while we walked side by side. I asked her again sternly, "Don't you think I should know?"
"Actually, I wanted to tell you, but could not."
She did not complete her reply.
"What, you wanted to tell me? Where did he touch you, tell me?" She got my exasperation.
"We went out on last Saturday. He took me to the lake," she said in low tone.
"And, what happened there? I know it; you had seen me at fuel station."
"Yes, I couldn't talk to you there since he started the bike, the moment I saw you there," she explained.
"Anita, you're not telling me what happened, where he touched you. Don't you think it is necessary for me to know all about you? You remember, your dad told me to take care of you?" I must have sounded hoarse.
"Yes, I remember and you should know," her tone lowered.
"What should I know? Where did he touch? Did he touch your boobs?" I enquired, getting bolder from her tone and response. I wanted to hear it from her.
She nodded.
"Oh my God, you let him do that? What else did he do? Suck your boobs?"
She shook head, "No."
"Did he touch your pussy?"
She shook head again.
"Did you touch his dick?" I asked explicitly.
She nodded silently.
"Now, never ever hide anything from me. You have to tell me everything in detail," I said sternly.
She nodded again, "Ok."
We walked silently for a while and on reaching the corner, from where we had to part ways, I turned to take the road towards my home without the usual "Goodnight." She should know that I didn't like her hiding facts from me.
Anita
I made a huge mistake by not telling Ushadi. I had no one to talk to about such things and she did not discourage me from meeting Paul, as I apprehended. Paul did not talk to me at the office. We decided not to talk at the office, though sometimes we exchanged smiles and glances. Paul had made it a habit to pass me notes through Ushadi, writing crazy things about me and I knew she read all those notes before passing them to me. Paul did not know that she read all his notes. It did not bother me, since I thought, she should know. She made me promise that I would not hide anything from her since she was like my mentor and local guardian and I had to confess to her every detail. She appeared to be happy about us and even encouraged me about Paul.
I told Paul how Ushadi helped me since the beginning. He was respectful about her, but he was very casual about her. Once he asked me to get up from my chair and walk, since he wanted to see my butt, swaying for him. I giggled while I read that and complied by leaving for the washroom. When I came back, Ushadi was smiling. Leaning towards me, she whispered, "Nice show but you should have swayed more." I blushed, she read that note.
Chapter Six
The assault
It was Saturday again; we headed for a nearby tea estate. I clutched Paul tightly from the pillion as he accelerated, reaching the outskirts of town. He did not know that I had been to tea estates before but that was in the hills. I readily agreed, when he asked me to visit a tea estate, thinking we would get a chance to get closer.
I loved the feeling of hugging him tightly from the back and he asked for that all the time but it was not possible while we were in town, passing through crowded streets. He was surely naughty but I felt safe since he never crossed the limit, and stopped whenever I asked him to, making him more adorable.
Three feet high tea plants with intermittent shade trees in the tea estate looked like a huge, lush green carpet, spread from one end to another, as far as I could see. I knew about shade trees from my previous visit to the tea estate in hills; thirty - forty feet tall, leafy trees, meant for shading tender tea plants in the scorching summer, spread all over the plantation area are called shade trees.
We went deep inside the plantation area, about three - four kilometers from the main road, riding his bike through a narrow strip of walk - able road, used by tea workers and we did not come across anyone else while entered. Paul took a left turn, crossing another road, leaving the road we entered and stopped in a few yards from the crossing. Tea bushes surrounded us completely and on parking his bike on the road, he sat on the grass under a shade tree. It appeared no one, except the two of us, existed; the place was mesmerizing, calm and silent except the distant sound of chirping birds.
Paul was pulling my hand and asking me to sit. Leaning my back against the shade tree, I sat before him, took off my high heels and stretched my legs. My green sari - blouse, although a few shades lighter but matched with the dark green tea bushes. I bent my toes and fingers a few times and taking my feet on his lap, he started massaging. While enjoying the feet massage, I closed my eyes and the pallu of my sari slipped down from my chest. I opened my eyes and found him looking at my boobs. I smiled at him. "Hey, what's wrong?"
Without moving his gaze, he answered, "Nothing, you are perfect."
He was fascinated about my boobs and I knew they were perfect. Moving closer, he kissed me on the lips. Knowing very well how to turn me on, his fingers grasped my left breast and he said, "Please let me see them in the open."
I asked him with an encouraging smile, "Do you really want to see?"
He almost begged, "Yes, please."
I got up and untied my sari then unhooked my blouse and bra. I stood in front of him, wearing just my petticoat then turned around slowly, letting him watch from every angle. He looked captivated and was barely audible when he said, "Yours are the prettiest."
I asked him mockingly, "Better than your girlfriends?"
"Yes, most beautiful," he replied.
I knew he must have seen many and unwittingly admitted. I stood there topless but heard voices and saw some men far away, coming from the opposite end from where we entered. I ducked quickly, trying to gather my scattered sari - blouse and said to him, "Let us leave fast."
But by then he stood up to check on them and told me, "We cannot, they're very near, coming on cycles."
I was nervous and shaking, missing hooks as I hurriedly tried to clasp my bra and button my blouse. While he watched me, he said, "Better try to hide in the trench."
There was a trench of three - four feet deep running beside the tree where we sat and it was covered with dry leaves. I crawled into the trench, taking my untied sari - blouse and he followed me by crawling. I lay down on my back, facing the sky, inside the trench on a soft cushion of dry leaves, covered with my sari and he spread dry leaves over my sari. Oh my God, I was trembling in panic, as he spread heaps of leaves on me. I could not see anything but could hear those voices coming closer. He was no more near to me, when I heard them shout, "Hey man, who are you? Why are you sitting here?"
I heard him reply nervously, "Just passing through and taking a rest here."
They were not convinced with his answer. "Where were you going? The road leads to nowhere and don't you know this is private property? Who allowed you to come in here?"
They could be four - five men; employees of the tea estate. My throat dried suddenly, thinking what would happen in case they discovered me hiding there and praying to God for help. They shouted again, "You have to leave immediately unless you want to be in trouble."
"Ok, I'll leave no problem guys." I heard him say before I heard the sound of his bike engine. I sighed in relief, hearing the sound of his bike moving far away as the voices of those men faded out.
I knew Paul would come back in awhile to pick me up and was cherishing his ingenuity. Preferring to be safe, I decided to wait, hiding under the leaves for his return but then something crawled across my tummy. Fearing it may be some insect, I tried to push it off. The crawling did stop but I had incidentally removed the cover of dry leaves. There was absolute silence and I sat up to remake the cover of dry leaves on me. I gathered some dry leaves lying aside and when I looked forward, I found some men and women, beyond the crossing of the two roads, walking on the road passing beside me and coming towards me. Quickly, lying down, I spread my sari on me and grabbing dry leaves covered my sari. As I heard their voices coming nearer, my heartbeats ran faster, hoping they would not notice or be able to see me while they crossed.
After awhile, I heard a loud shriek followed by the pounding of fast footsteps rushing towards me. Oh my God, what should I do! I could not make out what they saw to rush towards me but decided to lay down there without moving, praying fervently not to be blown out of cover, with each moment passing like hours.
They were talking among themselves, which I could not follow; suddenly someone dragged my sari, which I used to cover myself. The cover of dry foliage over the green sari might have broken; making it visible but the pull blew up the cover, uncovering the upper part of my body. I lay there still, keeping my eyes closed, trying to gather my thoughts, trying to think of what to do next, as a red light filtered into my closed eyes. They turned speechless, maybe shocked in discovering a body of a half - naked woman, hidden under dry leaves. Maybe feigning dead would be good, wishful thinking as a sudden splash of water opened my eyes in reflex.
Two men and two women, appearing like tea laborers, were looking at me in disbelieve. One of the two women, holding a bottle of water, looking concerned had squatted beside me and she asked, leaning towards me, "Are you ok?"
I sprang to sit, grasping my sari, lying on dry leaves, covered myself and nodded my head, saying faintly, "Yes."
"What happened, you fainted? Did someone hurt you?" she asked.
I could not answer any of her queries. She was examining me closely; my silence, my appearance but I did not know what to tell her. She stood up and pulled my hand. "Get up."
I tried to stand up on the soft cushion of dry leaves but lost my balance and the woman held my arm for help. My blouse and bra were lying on the heap of dry leaves and the woman picked them up.
"What happened to you?" she asked again, circling me, maybe looking for an injury while the others, stood there silently, watching me.
I could not answer her question and the passing moments felt like hours. I could not cover myself well and with their prying looks, I almost cringed. One of the two men came forward, looking at the exposed parts of my boobs and stretched out his hand to touch me, but the woman pushed it aside and shouted, "No."
She pulled my hand and said, "Come with me." She pulled me towards the tea bushes.
I followed her, trying to wrap my sari around myself, since she was carrying my blouse and bra. Walking behind her, through the tea bushes, for two - three minutes before we reached a vacant spot inside the bushes. She stopped and said, "Sit down here, no one can see you."
I sat down and she too sat in front of me.
She did not look concerned anymore as she asked, looking into my eyes, in a coarse voice, "Who was it, your boyfriend?"
I did not answer and she asked me, "Don't lie to me. You two were making fun and on seeing us, he hid somewhere like you, isn't that right? Tell me the truth!"she shouted.
Such rudeness from such a poor tea worker was astonishing but my plight was not conducive to protest and so I nodded, "Yes."
"Where is he? Where has he gone to hide?" she retorted.
"I don't know." I replied but she did not look convinced with my answer.
"Stop playing games with me. You're lying naked and he must be the same too, where is he?" her tone turned coarser.
"I wasn't naked," I replied meekly, but she looked angry with my reply.
She pulled the sari from my and looked intently. "Did he bite you here?" She touched my right breast, under the nipple.
Cringing under her touch, I tilted backward. "Nope."
But she did not let go and squeezed my breast while she asked, "Really?"
It could be worse. I looked at her timidly while she continued squeezing.
I sat there with folded knees, lifting the lower part of the petticoat from my feet and throwing it over my thighs.
"Oh, you're wearing a petticoat!" she exclaimed. "Why? He didn't have time to remove that? What're you hiding?"
My panties must have been visible as she glanced down and exclaimed, "Wow, pink panties."
She ran her fingers over my panties. "Are they still wet? Did he cum inside?" Pushing my panties aside, her fingers touched my pussy and I almost shouted, "No."
"Why did you shout? Should I call my man to complete it?" She hissed as her taut fingers dug in my pussy.
"No, please," I kept my voice low, as much as I could.
"Oh, you're wet, you're lying to me." She was engrossed inside and missed her hoarse tone while she replied casually.
By the time the second woman reached the spot, maybe to check on what was going on and from the sight, she might have understood my plight. She smiled at me as she sat beside her. "May I have one?" She chuckled.
The first woman answered, "Yes, she's ripe and wet."
The second woman did not lose time. She leaned towards me, put her mouth on my breast, and sucked while the first woman was busy delving into my pussy.
I was in total shock, not knowing what to do, but my body responded by stretching my knees open, letting her reach deeper. Then I heard the sound of his bike and I almost cried out in delirium, "He is coming."
"Oh, what?" They too had heard the sound of his bike. She withdrew her fingers and the other woman left my breast gingerly, leaving a glossy mark of saliva.
"Cover them," the first woman said as she handed me my bra and blouse. "If you tell him anything, you two won't get back home," she warned.
I nodded quickly while I put on my bra and blouse. As I stood up to wrap the sari, I could see Paul, taking the turn on his bike at the crossing of the road. Then he stopped beside the two men, standing there.
As his back was towards me, he could not see me and he was talking to those two men while I shouted, "Paul, I'm here."
The two women stood beside me by then and he looked back to us. I shouted again, "Wait, I'm coming there." I almost ran towards him. The first woman reminded me again while they came behind, "If you say anything, you two will not make it out." Her fingers still squeezed my butt and I told her, "I'll not tell him, don't worry."
As we reached the men, the first woman told Paul, "We found her in a senseless condition and we were assisting her." She smiled at him.
Paul was looking worried and told her, "Thank you for helping."
By the time Paul started his bike, I was sitting on the pillion and I told him, "Let us leave now. We're late."
Those two women were smiling while we were leaving. I could still feel her taut finger inside my pussy as she rubbed me thoroughly. Evening was setting in and I was wishing to leave the place, to escape from the tea plantation as early as possible. I hugged him tightly, as he drove along the bumpy road.
Chapter Seven - Learning Language
I had never been as scared in all my life as I was on that afternoon at the tea estate, but fortunately it did not leave any lasting impressions on my psyche and I was able to forget it as a bad dream by the following week. I did not disclose it to anyone, not even to Paul or Ushadi.
I wanted to learn the language of the plains, the language of Paul. Though I understood a little bit, I was not able to make out words if someone was speaking fast. My landlady, whom I called "Auntie," was impressed with my progress in their language and she offered to help me. She was about 60, but looked younger. Her husband looked much older than her but that could be due to his bypass heart surgery. Their only son was working with a big multinational company and living elsewhere in a big city.
"Auntie," being a lady from plains, could be a great tutor for me but our timings mismatched. On weekdays, I had some spare time after office hours, in the evening, before cooking dinner but her husband used to take drinks in the evening, watching TV together. I did not want to intrude in their family hours. The only chance to learn from her was on weekends, after lunch hours, when she used to go on the roof of their two storied building to soak in some sunrays in winter. She asked me to join her at the roof for learning the language and I agreed since I stopped going to my parents for the weekend, like in the past.
She was trying to teach me in an informal way without any books, pen or paper. I asked the meaning of some words, which I heard but did not know what they meant and she told me the meaning of those words. Sometimes she would give me sentences used in day to day conversations, explain their meanings and ask me to practice by speaking those sentences. But while giving lessons, she always made sure her bottles of pickles got enough sunrays on the roof.
Besides me, they had other tenants, families residing on the ground and first floors of the building and the tenant ladies used the roof for drying their clothes, under the sun. Sometimes, Auntie would make me converse with them, practicing. For me, it was the only way of learning the language and when I had no pre - fixed programme with Paul, I never wanted to miss those rooftop sessions.
I avoided Auntie since the night she saw me in my room in an awkward position and felt shy to meet her, but being it a Saturday, decided to go on the roof. She was already on the roof and I found her applying body oil under the sun.
She smiled and said, "Hey, it's been a long time. You must've learnt a lot from your boyfriend by now!"
"No, Auntie, I don't have any boyfriend," I quipped.
"Oh, my poor girl! That's the reason for going solo?" she asked me.
"No problem, sweetie, I'll teach you a lot." She winked. "Sit there on the mat."
Sitting in front of her, crossing my legs, I obeyed, "Yes, Auntie."
After exchanging some pleasantries, she gave me one sentence, explained its meaning and asked me to practice. I practiced by saying the sentence a few times and she corrected my wrong pronunciations. We progressed on to another sentence and it went on for about an hour. She finished applying body oil by that time and withdrawing her stretched legs, asked me, "Why don't you stretch your legs now? I'm done."
We sat face to face, at opposite ends of the mat. She sat on my right side and the afternoon sunrays splashed over her back onto my face. I uncrossed my legs, stretched them towards her and said, "Ok."
I was wearing a maxi, a loose dress like housecoat, worn at home and on stretching my legs, the lower end of the maxi came up to my knee level. Her eyes fell and fixed on my legs instantly.
"Wow, you got nice legs, sweetie! Why do you always keep them covered? They need sunrays, it's full with vitamin E, you know?"
I laughed as I corrected her, "It is vitamin D, Auntie, not E."
"Oh, you know that! Do you know it's good to apply oil on your body? Have you ever got your feet massaged with oil?" she enquired.
I shook my head, "No."
"Come on, I'll massage your legs," she said.
"Oh, no, Auntie! No need to massage my legs. I can do that, maybe tomorrow, before my bath."
"No, not before a bath. You need to wait for awhile so that the skin absorbs the oil," she countered me. "Come on, you're never so shy! My fingers are oily and I can do better than you." She winked.
Oh, she was hitting on me again about the night she saw me in my room and my face reddened again. Without waiting for my answer, she poured oil on her palm, came closer towards me to reach for my legs and started with my feet, massaging gently and told me, "It'll be good for you. Your fine skin will glow even more."
As she continued, her hands reached over my calf muscle. She asked me, "Do you bleach?"
"Nope," I answered.
"Really? What do you do? Your skin is so smooth and no hair!" she enquired.
"I don't do anything," I replied.
"On my, my! You've no body hair? Not even on your armpits?" she asked again.
"Nope, I'm naturally like this," I answered.
"You're different since you're from the hills. All girls from the hills do not have body hair? Not even down there?" she indicated between my thighs.
"I don't know." I felt shy in replying to her.
"Oh you're shy." She grinned. "Do you have any down there?" she asked again, once more indicating between my thighs.
Turning crimson, I answered, "Yes, very few."
She grinned again and her face brightened. "So nice, lucky you," she said and corrected herself, "Nah, lucky boyfriend."
I turned my face to hide my shyness. She continued, "Miss Pretty, with no hair, should we start with another sentence?"
I nodded, "Yes."
We started again. She told me a sentence, explained its meaning and asked me to say it again and again. On reaching my knees, she pushed my maxi upward so that it did not get stained, baring my knee and thighs and while I rehearsed those sentences. Her hands reached up to my thighs, massaging and soaking them with body oil.
"Why don't you lie down on your back with your knees folded?"She asked.
Folding my knees, I replied, "Ok, Auntie."
One of the tenant ladies came on to the roof. Upon seeing us there, she smiled and asked Auntie, "How are you doing?"
Auntie answered, "Fine. You see, I'm oiling Anita now."
We broke into a laugh and she moved to the opposite end of the roof to gather her dried clothes. As I resumed rehearsing sentences, lying at my back with folded knees, her fingers constantly moved downwards on the backside of my thighs. I felt awkward while I found her looking at my thighs intently, since my knees were folded and parted, my panties might have come into her view. I felt very uncomfortable when the tenant lady finished collecting her dried clothes and turned to us. She was standing behind Auntie and she also could see my panties. I tried to obstruct her view, by joining my knees but Auntie kept parting them in order to reach my inner thighs. From the surprised look in her eyes, it was clear to me, what the tenant lady had seen. She smiled at me, when our eyes met.
By then, Auntie's oil soaked fingers reached near my thigh joint, her fingers gliding over my mound, even brushed my pussy a few times. It was so wrong, I felt my panties getting soaked with oil but I could not stop Auntie, as she was massaging and intently looking there with glitter in her eyes. I was hesitant but compelled to ask her, "Auntie, would you do my arms now?"
She answered, "Sure but be patient, girl. I'll do all over. It will be good for your skin."
Stretching my legs straight, I sat up in front of Auntie, so that she could reach my arms. The tenant lady with dried clothes in hand, stood behind Auntie, clearly to watch and when I looked at her, found her smiling at me. By that time, Auntie was rubbing her hands, pouring oil from the bottle and said, "No, you have to lie down again."
I had no option but to follow and I lay down again, facing the afternoon sky but what she did was more treacherous. She lifted my maxi up to my tummy, baring my panties. Her fingers moved to my tummy, massaging lightly in a circular motion. Auntie could not see the tenant lady but from the shadow falling over her shoulder, on the mat, she knew that the tenant lady was standing at her back, watching the massage and she told her, "See, how different her skin is from ours? Oil makes it tender and it'll glow more."
As I was lying on my back with my face up and both of them were in front of me, I could see them both. The tenant lady broke into a mischievous smile. "Yeah, very different and it would be good for her."
Auntie was still in language teaching mode, as she said, "Name the part I'm massaging now."
I nodded, "Ok."
Auntie touched and briefly massaged my shoulder, arms, toes, legs and I named them in the language of the plains people. When I got the word wrong, the tenant lady corrected me and on coming to my left, she sat down on the roof. Auntie reached my belly button and asked, "What's this?"
I faltered and the tenant lady named it but she put finger on my belly button. Auntie pushed up my maxi further, exposing the lower half of my bra. Shutting my eyes, I thought she would not ask me anymore or complicated ones but her fingers reached a little bit inside my bra. I knew the name and opened my eyes to check whether she asked me but found the tenant lady watching intently with a smile on her face.
I said to Auntie, "I'm done now and maybe we can do this again next time."
She asked me, "Why? Don't you think it's good for you? Let me put this oil on your whole body."
I could not say anything while she pulled up my maxi, covering my face, exposing my full bra. It was sort of a relief to me, at least I did not have to see the mischievous smile of the tenant lady or what Auntie was doing to me. There was a little pause in the massage and then her fingers came inside my bra from the top side. Her heavily wet fingers massaged oil in a circular motion, around my breasts and nipples.
Auntie asked me, "What's its name, Anita?"
I answered correctly. I heard giggles from the tenant lady. "Oh she knows it."
She lightly massaged my neck but came downward, pressing my breasts again and told me, "Now your boyfriend will like your boobs more."
The tenant lady protested, "But we cannot see them yet."
Auntie chuckled, "Oh, you want to see her boobs?" She pulled up my bra, showing my breasts.
"Are they not lovely?" Auntie asked.
The tenant lady replied, "Yeah, beautiful indeed."
My face reddened, not from the sunrays. But at the same time, I liked the compliments, my nipples hardened from the massage and I felt wetness creeping in. Auntie told me, "Turn over now."
Auntie massaged all over my back, even lowered my panties so she could rub my buttocks. When she finished massaging, she told me, "I'm done for today, maybe more can be done next time but you need to lie on your back now."
I turned back and pulled down my maxi, covering my body and legs. But Auntie resisted, "Let your skin get some good sun, don't cover up completely."
I covered till my knees. As my eyes adjusted, I found them smiling. The tenant lady asked me, "Did you like the massage?"
I nodded, "Yes."
She told Auntie, in a hushed voice, "She is so sexy!"
Auntie responded, breaking into laugh, "You bet, if I had a dick, I would have done it right here."
I felt my cheeks burning and told her, as I stood up, "Auntie, I need to go to the bathroom."
She laughed. "Ok, I cannot hold you up then."
I fled from the scene to my room.
Chapter Eight - Movie Theater
I skipped going to work the two days following the weekend and although my absence from the office, for four consecutive days, was refreshing, I missed my job and Paul. Eventually yesterday was the last day of my period, another refreshing thing and Ushadi knew my dates. She turned very intrusive, needing to know every detail and had her reasons; she wanted to know since she would keep Paul away from me on those days. She called me around 2 pm and the landlady sent her maid to inform me. It could not be my parents, I thought while I rushed to take the call, since they never called me in the afternoon.
"Hello, who is it?" I asked.
"Hey Anita, how are you?" Ushadi was on the other end.
"I'm fine Ushadi, how are you?"
"I'm fine, you're not on your red letters day anymore and you have to come," she laughed.
"Yes, I'll come tomorrow. I am missing the office and you all." I answered.
"Yeah, I know, you're missing him for four days," she laughed again and continued, "He's asking for a movie and I know you have no problem today."
So far, he never did ask me for a movie and I told her, "Today? It's 2:10 pm by now!"
"Yes, he bought tickets for the evening show and you have to be there around 6 pm," she told me.
I told her, "Ok, I'll be there."
"Hey, he's insisting for me to come along. I told him, you two go and enjoy but he said he bought three tickets," she said.
I had no idea, why he had chosen to invite her but told her, "It's great, please come, I'll have company."
She laughed, "As if you need me, not Paul! You'd rather enjoy his company."
I protested, "Ushadi, you're getting me wrong, I enjoy your company too."
"Really? I never knew," she teased me. "Anyway be there at 6:10 and I'll come with Paul and please wear black today, black sari and blouse but no bra and no panties."
"What?" I almost shouted but kept my voice down, my landlady and her husband were in the next room. "No bra and no panties?"
"Yes, no bra, no panties. You do not need those today," she affirmed casually.
"Ok, I'll be there in time but you have to come," I told her.
"Ok." She snapped the phone.
Ushadi
Anita did not come to the office for two days and the disturbed look, irritations, checking his wrist watch again and again, looking at her empty desk made it obvious how much he missed her but he did not ask me about her on Monday. On Tuesday, he could not sit an hour and had to ask me and I took a chance. "Don't you know? She has gone home. Her parents were looking for a suitable groom and one will be coming today to meet them."
But I regretted my teasing, since his face turned pale and I laughed off, "She's fine, she'll come to the office tomorrow."
His face brightened instantly. "I knew, you would know about her."
But that was yesterday and he did not ask me again. Today he said, "Ushadi, I bought three movie tickets for the evening show and you have to come."
"Really? You want to go to a movie with me? What'll happen to Anita then?" I laughed off.
"Oh, Ushadi, You've to inform her and you'll be coming with us," he answered.
"Now, I got it, you need me to inform her. Ok, I'll call her," I said then laughed.
He grinned and went back to his desk.
I had to reschedule things at home for the movie, my daughter would come back home from tuition around 7 pm and I had to inform my housemaid to be at home till my return. Fortunately, my maid was there when I rang home and she agreed to wait till my return.
We reached the movie hall directly from the office, riding on the pillion of his bike. I'm not comfortable with sitting on a bike and clutched his shoulder uneasily, but on the road, I was scared of falling and hugged him from the back. I heard of their local adventures while on his bike from Anita, and as I sat in her place on the bike, I recalled those. Paul is muscular and I felt his solid body while I hugged from the backseat of the bike.
She looked ravishing in her black sari, waiting in the lounge of the movie hall. Paul went to park his bike and I went inside the lounge, looking for her. She wore ear rings with hanging teardrop - shaped black stones, with a matching small, black wristwatch, and black high heels and I knew underneath the black blouse and sari, she was not wearing a bar or panties but that was not visible anyway. She smiled on seeing me, "I have been waiting for you for ten minutes."
"Waiting for me?" I feigned surprise. "He has gone nuts just in two days." I laughed.
Anita smiled shyly and Paul came in. "Hi, where have you been for two days?" he asked.
She gave her coy look, "I had a light fever but I'm fine now."
Paul looked at his wristwatch, "Just 5 minutes till the start of the movie, let us go in."
I nodded, "Yes, let us go in."
We had our seats on the first floor balcony of the movie hall. We walked upstairs in the first floor lobby, there were two passages on the right and left end of the lobby, leading to two entrance - cum - exit doors on both sides of the hall and there was another door in the midsection of the lobby, leading to the hall. We entered into the hall from the door at the middle of the lobby. I did not even know or enquire what movie was playing in the hall but on entering, found it almost empty. The left and right doors were connected with a passage and the door through which we entered intersected the passage and went up to the front row of the balcony. We got our seats at the last row in the front section with the passage from right to left just at our back and the passage through which we entered, were three seats away at our left. Paul sat at the extreme left, next was Anita and I sat on her right with no one else in our row or in the front four rows. There were some at the rear section but they were in last two - three rows.
After awhile the lights inside dimmed to darkness and advertisements came on the screen. She wore a nice perfume, I failed to recall its name but it was enthralling. Leaning towards me, she asked, "Do you know the title of this movie?"
I giggled, "Nope, I don't know. Why?"
She too giggled, "Ok, nothing."
I whispered in her ear, "Who cares? When it starts, just get busy with Paul."
She quipped, looking at me, "You're so silly."
I whispered again, leaning to her, "And you are not wearing a bra or panties!"
She nodded looking at me, "Yes, you only told me."
I slurped and smiled, "You're so sweet."
She put her fingers on her lips, "Shh..."
"I'm not going to telling anyone but he'll come to know," I told her, giggling.
She was looking at the screen and did not answer. As the title rolled across the screen, it confirmed my guess; the movie would be trash and it was the reason for the thin crowd. He might have invited me, thinking to deflate attention from others but with such rows of empty seats, they would not have any problems, I thought. They did not come to watch the movie and trying to concentrate on the movie, I reclined on the seat but could not watch for long since it was a clichéd, awful family drama, besides more interesting things were happening on the next seat over.
Without turning my head, I could see from the corner of my eyes, she leaned back on the seat and moved towards Paul, while his hand came over her shoulder. I knew they would progress more since the hall was almost empty, no one sitting nearby and surely they would not mind my presence. His hand lowered, pushing off the pallu of her sari, fingers reached over her right breast, grasped it over the blouse. She turned her face briefly towards me, maybe to check but relieved on finding my eyes straight, on the screen.
I could find even small details from the corner of my eyes even in the darkness of the movie hall since the light reflected from the screen was enough and I was seated next to her. Her left hand moved onto his lap and squeezed over his pants, while his hand, trying to make its way through the top of her blouse succeeded to reach inside. I told her not to wear a bra, it surely made it easier for him, she should thank me for that, I thought.
She was trying and finally unzipped his pants intermittently, turning her head to look at me. My face straight on screen might have assured her and she took out his dick and held it. Paul was careless about me, as his fingers were delving into her blouse but after awhile, he unhooked the front and opened her blouse, baring her breast. He moved his hand from her shoulder briefly and I could see her breast shining in the white light reflected from the screen.
As his hand moved from her shoulder, she rose from her leaned position and on tilting towards me, bended her right shoulder forward. It may have been to make her more accessible or to block my views and it gave me a chance to turn my head a bit. His hand came again, almost touching my face and rested on her right shoulder. Though it was not in my view anymore, from the movements of his arm and her hand, I could make out him fondling her breast and her stroking him. I was getting aroused from the scene and felt wetness between my thighs. I did not like the way she blocked their movements from my view.
Feeing desperate, I adjusted my seating position and moved forward and could see it clearly but Anita might have been aware of my change in position and she leaned back on the backrest of her seat. I could see her hands stroking his big dick from the corner of eyes but could not see her. My right hand was on the common hand rest, in between the seats but I kept my left hand on my lap, leaving the hand rest on my left for Anita and her right hand was on the hand rest. Lifting my left hand from my lap, I placed my elbow on the hand rest and it touched her right hand. Startled, she moved her hand from the hand rest and I turned towards her, saying, "Sorry."
At the very moment, though engrossed, she glanced and met my eyes and looked at me like a spotted deer. I saw her blouse half open, his hand moving over her right breast but immediately turned back and leaned back against the backrest. She removed her left hand and he also instantly withdrew his hand from her shoulder. It was the last thing in my mind and without looking at them; I picked up her right hand lying on her thigh and placed it on the hand rest, in between us, patting twice on top of her hand, as if to assure her.
My position turned much better but I had startled them. Paul sitting a seat away, may not have seen my brief glance but might have withdrawn on getting nudged from her. She pulled her blouse over her open breast and he might have covered his dick and I was blaming myself but soon, she leaned against my shoulder and getting a chance, I murmured in her ear, "Sweetie, carry on, you owe me this."
She rubbed her head on my shoulder twice and I could not make out, whether it was yes or a no. I put my hand over back of her hand, lying on the hand rest, scratching it few times, leaned to look at her face but got her ear near my mouth and whispered, "Silly girl, let him do it."
I did not get any response from her but was waiting patiently to let it happen again and he might have been restless by the time. His hand reaching straight, pushing aside her blouse bared her right breast again and left, maybe to see it or to get her reaction. She sat still and my hand still over her hand, scratched her to pacify her. She withdrew her hand from the hand rest, putting her back towards me and leaning more on my upper arm, moved forward, stretching her legs towards Paul. She listened to my advice, I thought, since being in a higher position than her; I could see her open breast from top and his dick. Paul could not see my face since I leaned back on the backrest of my seat.
Anita stretched her hand and held his dick, engulfing it and Paul pushed aside her blouse to open her left breast. I felt the tinge inside as his hand moved to her tummy and went inside her sari, downwards. Her butt moved up to make him ways and I could see from the swelling in her sari his hand was getting close to reaching the space between her thighs. Oh! She was not wearing panties and he could touch her without hassles, I thought. His fingers reached there, as his hand stopped going down and from the bulges I could make out, his fingers were getting busy. Paul leaned towards her, his face almost on the seat rest, looking down where he concentrated.
Up and down, of her breasts heaved faster, severe with her breathing, appalling in abandon, as if asking for attention. Hesitantly, stretching my left hand over her shoulder, gathering both end of the blouse, I covered them. He was busy and I did not know whether she could make out that I covered her. I let my hand rest on her left breast, patting lightly to pacify but my fingers touched her taut nipple over the blouse. I leaned my head, placing my chin on her head; a faint sound of moaning came from her lips and my fingers inadvertently circled on her nipple. I could feel my panties getting wet.
I could not see his dick as he leaned almost on her lap, looking down, moving fingers inside vigorously, as evident from the movement of bulges inside the sari. Her left hand holding his dick was not moving, as I could see her left arm remaining still and my fingers pushed aside the left side of the blouse, revealing her left breast. Maybe I wanted to enliven her breast and my fingers moved over her left breast slowly, caressing, circling over and on reaching the nipple took it between my fingers, rolling it. I was sure she would like it but was not in a position to tell me so, and so I bared her right breast too, tendering the same adulation. Did she murmur something in her moan; I tried to listen, yes, "Oh Paul..."
I knew, it would not take much to make her cum and started fondling her tits in turn. And that moment the lights of the hall were switched on and we all had to rush back onto our seats. He managed to take his hand out from her sari in time and she lifted her back onto her seat, pulling the pallu of her sari to cover her open boobs and somehow hook the blouse. It was the interval of the movie and happened so suddenly but fortunately no one was there to see and we sat motionless for a while. I was not looking at them but Paul called me, "Ushadi, would you like some tea or cold drinks?"
I looked at him, pretending as if for the first time, since I was busy in watching the movie, "Why do not you ask her first, hey Anita, what would you like?"
She was looking down and did not change her gaze while answering, "Cold drinks would be ok."
I grinned to Paul, "Get cold drinks for us."
"Ok." He stood up from his seat and got out of the row through the left side passage.
Anita was silent, her face still reddened and I asked her, "Hi! Did you enjoy the movie or the moves?"
Giving a shy smile, she replied, "Boring movie."
"But scoring, isn't it?" I quipped.
"I didn't score any," she replied with another shy smile.
"Oh, my baby, you will after the interval, surely," I retorted with smile.
She pinched my hand, lying on hand rest, "You're so naughty."
Paul came back in a while with heaps of popcorn in a big pack and three bottles of cold drinks. While he was sitting on his seat, the lights dimmed again and ads came on the screen. I was thirsty and took sips from the bottle. Anita, with popcorn in hand, was searching for my palm in the darkness so she could hand it over, and I told her, "Hey, I don't like it much."
She came closer, "Even if I take some?" She put those on my palm.
Finishing those, we were watching the movie and I knew it would take some time. I felt coldness from earlier wetness in my panties and after a long time felt such excitements. I looked at her, her eyes were on the screen and so was Paul; I leaned towards her and whispered, "Don't delay it."
She turned and smiled, looking at me and stuck her tongue out.
I laughed in return. I knew I didn't have to ask her, she is not shy of me, neither Paul but I wanted to make it happen soon, to witness as they cum. She had put her hand on the hand rest between us and while collecting empty cold drinks bottles, Paul got busy in keeping those under a seat to his far left. I put my hand on her right thigh and pulled up her sari to knee level. She did not expect that and got startled but did not do anything except turn towards me and smile. Did she get the hint? What I wanted? I thought, maybe since she did not lower her sari. It would not be a problem to raise and expose her thighs here in the darkness and I could see when she would cum.
She was such a sweetie, changing her position; she got back into the same position as she was before the interval, saying, "Rather I would get some rest than watch this boring movie."
Good feigning, I thought. She stretched diagonally, almost lying on the seat, head placed on my arm, legs straightened towards Paul and even put her left leg on his knee. On moving and placing her head down from my arm to the hand rest briefly, looking at me she said, "For you."
Stunning me, she moved her head on my arm again. She astonished me, as I thought about her sudden evolution, wildness in dedicating her pleasure to me and it made me think, did I spoil a simple, sweet woman from hills but the thought passed away as Paul placed his hand above her right knee. Her right leg, up to her thigh, was still uncovered, since I lifted her sari and he started a light massage on her thigh. Paul could see me and I kept my face straight, as if watching on the screen. Anticipating a lot more, I did not want to dissuade him, since I could watch from the corner of my eyes. Anita called me audibly, "Ushadi?"
Without turning to face them, I answered, "Yes."
"Please let me know if anything interesting comes on the screen."
"Ok dear, you can sleep for now," I answered.
It was more for Paul, I thought since I did not want to let him know that I was watching. But did she want the same and in a way try to assure him? I wondered. Clever woman!
In no time, his hand moved from her right leg to her left leg, which was kept on his knee, and pushing up the sari, exposing both legs up to her thighs. He resumed the massage with her left foot. He might have tickled the sole, since her head trembled on my arm. She tried to pull her leg down from his knee but he held on tight and did not let it go. Oh, he did that again because she giggled, trembled and tried again to pull her leg away from him. Paul was looking at her feet in the semi darkness of the movie hall but his gaze moved up gradually as his hand massaged her calf muscles, knee and then shifted to the other thigh, raising the sari upwards, baring more with his massage.
I was sitting at a disadvantage point; had I been on their left, it would have been better, I thought. Leaning towards her, getting closer, blocking the hand rest and letting her head plunge a little, from my upper arm to my lap; I tried to have a better view. Paul was looking intently while massaging, continuing to raise her sari, he almost reached between her thighs and since he was not looking at us, I encircled her face with my left hand and lightly rubbed her ear lobes. I cuddled her. Her eyes were closed, feeling the sensations but she responded by rubbing her cheek against my palm.
Since I could not see much, except her completely exposed, white thunder thighs, his head bent downward, massaging her thighs. I concentrated on watching her face, lying nearly on my lap and with closed eyes and a calm expression; she looked like she was in a deep slumber but it changed soon. Faint sounds of exhilaration escaped from her lips, she looked disturbed. I guessed his fingers might have reached her pussy and lowering my fingers from her earlobes, I touched her open lips, rubbing them softly, one of my fingers might have touched her wet tongue through her open lips and she sucked it lightly.
Feeling totally involved, I put my index finger a little inside her mouth and she sucked, making it wet with saliva. Eyes drifted while she pushed her thighs up. Paul was busy there, perhaps invading her pussy and she sucked my finger hungrily, like a baby. I withdrew my finger and slowly let my hand move over on her left breast. I moved the sari aside and caressed over the blouse, feeling her firm breast and awakened, taut nipple. Engrossed in the act, it did not come to mind, whether it was right or wrong. I pinched her nipple and felt wetness flowing inside my panties.
Resisting the urge to kiss on her open mouth, I put my right hand through my sari and touched my pussy. I could not, but wanted to feel my bare skin, not through the sari but as she moaned and raised her thighs involuntarily, I clasped the whole breast and kneaded both breasts alternately. I felt she was close and then she murmured again repeatedly, "Oh Paul..."
Lowering my face, I whispered in her ear, "He's fucking you." Oh my God, I said that to her while clasping her boob tightly.
Her eyes opened partly to respond, "Yes, Ushadi. I love him; I love him doing that to me."
Her thighs were moving up and down in rhythm but with some involuntary bigger thrusts, came to stand still. Slowly easing my clasp, I moved my hand from her breast and bent down to plant a short kiss on her forehead. She was calm again but my pussy was on fire. I moved a hand inside from the waist opening of my sari. I was touching my pussy, inserting my fingers. Scared she might feel my pressing thighs, since she was virtually on my lap, and in case she turned her head towards me. He could see but I could not stop and after a while, shaking her head on my lap, I was relieved with a huge cum.
Regaining composure, we all sat in stillness for about 10 - 15 minutes and the movie came to the end. Lights illuminated inside the hall and we came out with the others. Paul asked me if he could drop me at home, but I told him to drop her home. I could not meet her eyes and after saying, "Goodbye," I left them quickly. Ashamed and blaming myself, I walked home but my soaking panties reminded me how contented I had been!
*****
I am indebted to Kimberly, my VE for the story. Since she got busy with other works, would not be able to edit in near future and I don't know how I could do without her.
So if anyone interested, who can aptly edit my bad grammar; please contact me through my contact page. May be, it is easier this way; since many of them did not even bother to reply, in my case.
To my readers, please feel free to leave feedback for me so that I know that you liked my stories. Please also vote on how you liked it, every vote does count. If you'd like to read it over and over again, favorite it and come back to enjoy it like an old friend. I look forward to hearing from you...