This was partly inspired by a hentai anime I once saw and it's not supposed to be remotely resembling our reality. As is the case with many stories across the centuries, the theme of this one is "pride goeth before destruction".
Camslut
When the virus hit Japan, it was devastating to the economy just like all of the other countries that had been crippled by the disease. Citizens were told that it could be a year or more before there would be a vaccine and many sectors of employment quickly shut down.
For Komaru Yu, the crisis signaled the end of what had looked to be a promising career as a singer in the all-girl pop band, QT. All performances and public appearances were canceled for the foreseeable future.
"What am I going to do?" the petite young woman asked her manager. "I have no savings after my father's illness and funeral. I can't find a job."
The older woman, Anu Aoi, was a former model and singer herself. She gave her client a long look. At age twenty, the young woman had a lifetime of opportunity ahead of her. Yet, there she was, whining about encountering a minor bump on the road to her success.
"There aren't a lot of opportunities for a young woman like you right now," Aoi said bluntly. It was a ridiculous lie, but Yu was busy feeling sorry for herself and chose to believe it.
"Unless, perhaps, you are willing to consider escorting."
Yu blushed and spluttered, mortified at the idea.
"I couldn't do that!" she yelped, her face crimson.
Aoi shrugged. As far as she was concerned, a determined performer did whatever it took. She had never really felt the diminutive singer had given it her best effort.
"Too bad," she said with a smirk. "You'd make a great whore."
"Please, don't say things like that!" the younger woman pleaded, her growing even redder.
"Oh, please!" Aoi laughed at Yu. "We both know that you've essentially had your legs spread open for the last seven years. A lot of riders have passed through your turnstile!"
The petite pop idol winced at that.
"I chose to promote my career," she thought, feeling sorry for herself. "And that makes me a whore?"
"What about camming, then?" the older woman suggested. "That wouldn't require physical contact. You could do it from the comfort and safety of your apartment."
"Camming?" the pint-sized girl whined. "You mean, like topless stuff? That's so tacky and embarrassing! I'm not a pervert!"
Again, her manager shrugged.
"It's up to you," she said matter-of-factly. "How else are you going to be able to pay your bills?"
Yu felt like she was about to cry. She couldn't believe how quickly her life had fallen apart. Was her only option to strip off her clothes in front of a camera so complete strangers could ogle her naked body? When she was a teenaged gravure model, she posed lewdly in revealing, skimpy bikinis and she knew all too well that men all over Japan and elsewhere still used her old photos to masturbate. It had been humiliating, especially when she met her fans. The way they looked at her, their lustful stares made her shudder with disgust... and arousal. She had hoped she'd never have to do anything like that ever again.
"You could wear a mask and a wig," Aoi continued, pretending not to notice the girl's distress. "That way no one would know who you are."
It was another ridiculous lie that Yu once again chose to believe.
"I... I hadn't thought of that," Yu admitted. "Let me think about it."
In the end, the slender young beauty really had no choice. It was either go on camera and show off her naked body or lose her apartment and live on the streets. She knew the latter situation would put her in much greater peril. Aoi helped her set up the necessary equipment in her apartment and soon it was time for her debut.
For her debut, Yu had tried wearing a wig and mask as her manager had suggested. It was a disaster. So many young women were turning to camming as a means of support that the competition was overwhelming. The diminutive singer realized she had few options and reluctantly agreed to expose her identity online.
It worked. Instantly, the number of fans connecting to her camming account grew exponentially. There seemed to be hundreds of men (and a few women) who wanted to see pretty and petite Komaru Yu expose herself.
During her relaunched debut, Yu discovered to her surprise that she got a thrill out of having so many fans, even if they were mostly there to see her bare breasts. She learned to draw out the reveal, exposing her breasts only after teasing her watchers for twenty or thirty minutes before she slowly peeled off her top to show off her perky A-cup titties.
That strategy worked for about three or four shows. By the time she began her fifth show, her fans were demanding that she show more. Hesitantly, Yu stripped down to her panties, an act which seemed to mollify the horny subscribers for a few more shows. Naturally, as time passed, the calls for even more skin became so strident that the young woman admitted to herself that she would have to go fully nude. If she didn't, she feared most of her fans would abandon her.
"Is this what I've become?" she wondered. "I don't feel embarrassed anymore. And, showing my pussy to strangers is crazy, isn't it? It makes me so horny just thinking about."
Sitting topless in front of the camera reading the comments that streamed in, Yu contemplated once again the idea of stripping off her only remaining item of clothing, her sexy cotton panties. She took a deep breath.
"Many of you have asked if I would be willing to take off my panties and show you my... my, um, my p... pussy," she began, her head spinning with excitement. "Is that what everyone wants to see?"
The comments area of her computer screen seemed to explode with replies. Her fans were begging her, cajoling her, pleading with her to expose her hairless crotch. Yu could feel her heart pounding as she read the notes. Then, a chime rang out as one of the regulars paid her a large tip, so large that the girl blushed. The chime rang again, and then a third time. The petite young woman reached slowly for her waist and gripped the waistband of her underwear.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!" the chime rang repeatedly, insistently. Yu felt faint, but she obediently peeled her panties down over her hips. As her bare crotch came into view, it seemed like the chime was just one long endless sound. Apparently, hundreds of men wanted to see her fully nude, maybe thousands of them. Flattered, the petite beauty dropped her panties to the floor and opened her thighs just enough that her fans could see her smooth, hairless mound.
"Oh, yes! So, sexy!" read one comment.
"Spread wider!" another man typed.
"This is amazing!" came a third. "Komaru Yu is showing us her bare cunt!"
Yu blushed as she slowly opened her legs wider until her gooey glistening slit was on full display. She was surprised that exposing her body was making her so horny. A hand slipped down between her parted thighs and a single slender finger massaged her swollen clit.
"Oh, fuck!" she exclaimed involuntarily as an unexpected shiver of pleasure gripped her small body. "Do you want me to masturbate for you?"
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!" the chime once again rang repeatedly. Yu could see her tips had surpassed ¥200K and they were still rolling in rapidly. She tentatively pushed a finger between her wet labia and slid inside her eager, warm slit. Her body arched with pleasure in response, aroused by the awareness that nearly a thousand people were watching her shameless behavior. Gasping with lust, she managed to look into the camera.
"Knowing that you are watching me is making me horny and wet," she said, almost in a whisper. "I wish you were all here to watch me in person, to touch me."
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!" the chime rang again.
"More fingers!" begged one of her subscribers.
"Spread it open so we can see inside!" another typed.
"Yes! Let's see more!" said another as the tips continued to pour in.
Yu began to masturbate vigorously as her tip total quickly surpassed ¥300K.
"Oh, God! It feels so good to have you watching me!" she moaned, opening her thighs even wider. She pulled open her pussy to show her fans her moist pink hole.
"Look at me!" she pleaded as she continued her lewd massage. She was plunging two fingers in and out so quickly that her pussy juice was splashing all over. "Look at my nasty pussy! My pussy wants your cocks! It wants to feel you thrusting inside! Make me cum! Make me cum! I want to feel you cumming inside me!"
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!"
Then, suddenly, Yu was gripped by an intense climax, an orgasm so powerful that she collapsed backward onto her bed while her pint-sized frame was wracked with pulses of carnal delight. She shook and trembled uncontrollably, crying out again and again as she twitched and curled with the incredible sexual release. It was the best orgasm she'd ever had.
After a few minutes, the girl had caught her breath and she smiled shyly into the camera.
"I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did," she whispered. "I'll be back tomorrow with my favorite vibrator." And she faded the screen to black.
After taking a shower, the young woman logged back into her account to see her balance. Her eyes opened wide as she saw she'd earned over ¥500K. It was enough to live on for a month, at least.
Giddy with success, she mused about what she would do for her next show. As she once again grew flushed with arousal, she realized she was getting seriously turned on by appearing in the nude in front of total strangers. The idea of being watched while she behaved so shamelessly was making her gasp with lust. She pulled her vibrator from the closet.
"Oh, Goddess! What's happening to me?" she whispered to herself as she teased her warm mushy slit with the tip of the buzzing vibrator. "I feel so slutty but I also feel so good! I don't want to stop!"
And then hardly a thought passed through her head for the next hour while she masturbated to three climaxes in succession. All she could think about was her next orgasm, that was the only thing that mattered. When she finally collapsed, spent, on her futon, Yu drifted off into a deep, restful slumber.
The next several days, Yu happily spread her legs wide for her fans and masturbated with the large vibrator. Clearing ¥300K or more each day, the young woman was careful to deposit her money in her bank account and resisted splurging on luxuries. Her prudence was well-founded as her tips began to drop off a week later. She knew she needed to come up with something new to keep her subscribers satisfied.
"What about anal?" her manager, Aoi, suggested. The older woman was secretly enjoying it as Yu degraded herself on camera and she wanted to see how far the young woman would go.
Yu frowned at the suggestion.
"That's too dirty," she complained, although deep down she knew she'd do it soon enough. The money she was making would pay her bills for months to come. Aoi wisely backed off and didn't pressure the petite performer. She also knew that it was just a matter of time before Yu shoved a dildo in her ass.
It turned out that she only needed to wait three days before Yu somewhat reluctantly violated her tiny butthole on camera. And once again, the generous tips she received ensured that she would do it over and over in the days and weeks that followed.
Two weeks after her first anal experience, Yu upped her game with her first double penetration. And two weeks after that, she entertained her fans by shoving two thick dildos in her cunt for the first time. The girl was quickly becoming a brazen slut, invading her holes with increasingly larger vibrators and dildos until she felt she was ready for something even larger.
In her first two months as a camslut, Yu earned more than ¥3M, but the constant self-abuse had changed her. She had become addicted to the extreme sex and was craving more and more humiliating and embarrassing acts of sexual debasement and degradation. When one of her best fans offered to pay her ¥1M for a private custom video where she'd copulate with the man's virgin son, the petite young woman quickly agreed.
She started by giving her fan a bonus blowjob. It wasn't part of the arrangement, but Yu was so grateful for his patronage, she felt she owed him at least that much. Still, she had only just finished orally pleasuring the man, her mouth still full of his spunk, when she got down on her knees and elbows and waited.
"You were worth every yen I paid for you," the man said approvingly. "I hope you'll enjoy your time with my son."
After that, things changed quickly for the former singer. While none of her cam subscribers knew the details, her regulars instantly saw that the young woman's cunt was gaping open obscenely. This led to a steady stream of requests for Yu to have someone fist her. Aoi was the first one to volunteer.
"This will be my revenge for all those times you took me for granted," the older woman thought, although the slights she counted against Yu were more perception than reality. She couldn't admit that she was primarily driven by petty jealousy over the young woman's success, as brief as it had been.
Three months to the day after her disastrous online debut, Komaru Yu was filmed for her first ever porn video. It was an hour long, forty minutes of masturbating with ever larger dildos followed by twenty minutes of aggressive fingering and vigorous fisting until the diminutive young woman finished with a spectacular orgasm that sprayed the lens of the camera from six feet away. It would be the last time Yu ever saw her former manager.
"Sorry kid," Aoi had said. "I don't manage porn whores. But give this guy a call and tell him that I sent you. He'll help you."
The older woman handed Yu a business card with the name Sato Hiroshi printed on it. As she walked away, Aoi smirked and muttered quietly to herself.
"You should have picked escorting, you vacuous gutter-slut."
Sato Hiroshi was a handsome man of about forty. He reminded Yu of her uncle, her mother's brother. It had been he who claimed his niece's virginity when she was thirteen years old. And not content with one-and-done, the man had continued to use the pint-sized schoolgirl for most of the next year. He told Yu that he loved her. If his sister hadn't caught them, hadn't kicked him out, her uncle might still be her lover.
As it was, Sato's resemblance to her uncle was triggering confusing feelings for the young woman. Her manager spotted the signs right away and set about pushing her buttons to measure how susceptible she was to external control and manipulation. To his amusement, he discovered Yu to be astonishingly empty-headed.
"Well, you're not going to be much of a challenge," he smirked.
"What?" Yu asked, confused.
"Never mind. Take off your clothes."
The young woman hesitated but only for a moment. Then she nodded and peeled off her clothes, not stopping until she was fully nude. Standing with her arms at her sides, Yu presented her body for inspection. Sato walked around her, checking her out from all sides.
"Your breasts are small but they have a pleasing shape," the man observed. "Your nipples have a nice color and seem very plump."
He looked down at Yu's crotch.
"Do you shave or are you naturally bare?" he asked. Yu blushed a deep crimson.
"It... it's natural," she managed to squeak.
"Okay, lay down and spread your legs," Sato ordered calmly. "I want to use your hole before every man in the industry gets inside you."
"Yes. As you wish," Yu managed to squeak out. She lay down on the man's couch, realizing she was just the latest in a long line of girls, and opened her short slender legs as wide as she could. Camming had helped her grow comfortable with exposing her body.
"Nice," Sato looked her over approvingly. "You'll be popular around here."
"Are you going to fuck me?" the young woman asked quietly.
"Honey, *everybody* is going to fuck you."
* * *
Additional chapters are under consideration but not yet written. Suggestions are welcome. The best suggestions are general and not too specific.