This short work of fiction has adults only and involves some bondage though it is consensual (the best kind)!
Her O Worship
As far back as high school I knew that I had no talent for art, but I still loved it with my entire soul. I wanted to know how to use an ancient pottery wheel, and how they developed paint, and brushes. I wanted to see and know it all. I wanted to know the 'why' of everything in the art world.
Having a degree in Art History would usually be a route to an academic career in a museum or an auction house like Christie's, but a Teacher's Assistant sent me on another path. I dated a young T.A. during my first year at NYU. He was surprised that I wasn't an aspiring artist, but he soon found an artist's interest in my body, and I found myself lounging, naked, in his studio, while he sketched me in charcoal. The next day, while looking at his work with good lighting, I decided that he was a better lover than he was an artist.
"The University pays well for models, Ginny, and if you pose for our class I'll get the Prof to give you a 'complete' for the course." Gary's offer would literally save me from getting a C- which would be a big hit to my GPA.
He suggested that I sleep in his dorm room the night before my first job as a model, so I packed my toiletries and headed over to his fuck pad. The idea of exposing myself to 53 people in the morning was making me very horny, and it obviously did the same for Gary. We had raunchy sex until past 3, then when the sun returned, so did Gary's boner. I felt him position me and press into my wet slit; without so much as a g'morning. I spread my legs a bit further, but kept my eyes closed while Gary humped me. He was slow with his strokes, almost acting like he was not really interested, or not intent on the completion. Eventually his hands found my tits, but I still refused to participate.
Then the pumping sped up.
Soon he lifted my knees to his waist, to get a better angle; he watched with delight as my tits bounced. Then he pushed my feet high above his head, while he pumped faster yet. The steady firm bump into my bum with his ballsack forced me to pay attention, but then he forced my knees to curl up on either side of my face. The head of his cock was now pounding vigorously and firmly into my G Spot, bringing me rapidly to a sweet climax, just as he popped; with much more of a load then I expected.
The condom's reservoir was full and more thick cream coated his cock.
We hit the shower together, but he insisted that I leave my hair damp for the morning class on free style drawing. We grabbed a coffee and muffin at the Student Union, then we got to the classroom about 20 minutes early. There were eight students already seated in the auditorium style classroom, meant to hold up to two hundred people in a ring of seats that rose by a foot for each of the 8 rows. None of them paid any attention as we took our breakfast to the front and sat to talk about the pose that Gary wanted me to provide for the class of Juniors.
"I'm going to want you on your side, with your right arm holding your leg straight up in the air. Then look out over the students. You can move your head back and forth, since they will be concentrating on your face and your sex." Gary was very excited by the idea of using someone that he knew intimately. He took two guys to the supply room and returned with a plain brown faux leather lounging sofa, like you might see in a Therapist's office.
The auditorium started to fill, well past the fifty something students.
"Are we expecting extra today?" I asked.
"I had to let Professor Morgan know, but I didn't tell anyone else," Gary replied, but his guilty look suggested that there was more to the story.
After a pause, during which I stared at him, with my 'I don't believe you look', he finally confessed the rest of the story.
"Well, I did tell him that It would be an erotic pose, and that I hired Ginny Prescott."
Just then, the double doors at the main entrance flew open and Professor Mark Morgan came rushing into the room with two associate prof's, four T.A.s and the last of the stragglers from the hall.
"Ah, Gary, I see that you have finally found a form of art that Ginny is qualified to participate in. Oh, you are a sight for my old eyes." The professor did not stop at the presentation desk, as he continued his oration.
He climbed the three steps to the modeling diaz before I had even disrobed. Normally the model would disrobe in an office, then wear a robe until everyone is seated and ready. Gary wanted me to disrobe in front of the class, since they already knew me. I felt like there was a lascivious motivation too, but I hadn't figured that one out yet.
"I'll take over, Gary. Thank you."
The Prof was in the house!
Gary looked like a trapped fox. He had been dismissed, so the one seat at the controls for the lighting and audio system, would be for his boss. As he looked around, he found that there was no available seat in the entire presentation room.
"Ms Prescott, could you please disrobe for our Artists?" Professor Morgan sat at the desk. "Gary! Go stand in the far aisle and catch Ginny's clothes as she throws them to you, then you can sit in the aisle, out of the way."
"Got that girl? Let's go, they only have an hour before the mandatory break." He picked up his own pad and charcoal pencil #4.
I kicked out of my sandals, then picked them up and tossed them to Gary. I was not going to do a striptease for them, so I went straight to my sweater and pulled it up and over my tits before pulling my arms out, one by one, and tossing the shirt to the T.A. ; my harem pants were down and off in seconds. There was a murmur in the room as they realized that there were no panties to remove, but I ignored it and moved to the settee.
"If you and Mister Renalds had a pose in mind, then go ahead with it." The Professor explained.
I lay back and raised my right leg straight above my head, exposing my sex to everyone. The sound of pencils scraping on paper filled the room.
"Perhaps you could cup your right breast?" Mark suggested.
I used my left arm so that I could push my left breast a little higher with my wrist before I gave the right tit a squeeze.
"Perfect, Ginny. Did anyone ever tell you that you are very sexy?" Professor Mark laughed at his own ridiculous comment.
"I brought some baby oil, if you want me to spritz her." Gary intoned.
"Oh, I'll take that," the boss jumped up and took the small bottle from his T.A. 's hand. "Being a Professor has to have some perks, right?"
He pumped a dozen times to cover me from neck to toe.
"Is her labia too glittery with the spritz?" He asked his students... "Yes, I think it is." He answered his own question.
"I'll just make a slight adjustment, if you don't mind, Ms Prescott?" The Professor asked me for permission.
I nodded my head.
The Professor looked me straight in the eyes while he reached in with his bare right hand. He slowly rubbed my labia up and down.
My eyes popped, my nostrils flared, and my nipples filled.
The Prof leaned in and had a private word with me.
"Yes, Ginny. You make an excellent model, and we just happen to be looking for someone to 'present' herself for an entire semester of second year students. This would be an errotic series, so there would be an extra stipend for the humiliation factor."
My imagination went crazy!
Visions of me, naked and bound in front of an audience, raced through my head! I was instantly aroused. Perhaps there would be toys? My blood raced!
Suddenly I was immensely horny. If he had reached out and touched my clit, I'm sure that I would have cum in front of everyone!
Sadly, he did not.
I felt like I was being edged. Constantly on the brink of orgasm. Had he puffed a breath on me, at just the right spot, I might have popped, but no.
I kept the pose for a very long time as they drew their interpretations of my face and my sex. Finally, a young lady cleared her throat, bringing everyone out of their distant thoughts.
"Um, Professor... It's well past break."
"Damn, young lady, you are right. Everyone! Please take ten minutes then Ginny will return.
Not everyone stopped drawing, but I dropped my leg down and massaged the calf. I hadn't even noticed the time, but my leg knew. It was almost ready to give me a charlie horse.
"Let me help you there, Ginny." Professor Mark knelt in front of me with his face practically buried in my muff, and he started a deep massage on my right thigh. He brought his face in tighter with every rub. His nostrils flared noticeably as he drew in the scent of my engorged vagina.
A few stragglers watched us but he had words that were just loud enough for me.
"Ginny, I would love it if you would pose for our summer session. It would be off campus, at a lovely cabin, and you would make the same stipend of 100 dollars per hour for every hour that you pose. The models usually make a few grand plus tips, for the extra sensual exposures."
I told him that I would let him know if I could fit it in with my other summer commitments, and he seemed on the verge of offering me something extra, so I decided to stay aloof.
"Okay, let's get you back up there, young lady." Professor Mark used his hands a lot more this time, while he carefully adjusted my posture, with a few extra tweaks of my inner thigh and another spritzing and a careful inspection.
One student had planted himself in the front row during the break and he just stared at my crotch while his charcoal pencil hovered above the drawing pad.
After the session the Professor retired swiftly out the side door as I dressed. When my chest was again covered the odd-looking student in the front row shook his head, as if he had been in a trance, then he picked up his drawing equipment and followed everyone else to the exits.
Gary was the only one left, but he was happy to take me back to his fuck pad for a debriefing of the days events.
"The first thing I need is a hard fuck," I casually mentioned as we walked into his livingroom with the pizza and the magnum of wine.
Luckily he did not throw our food down, but he did empty his hands quickly, so that he could help me undress.
"I could see your pussy lips quiver when that bastard rubbed you,"Gary confessed. "Were you humiliated?"
I remembered that moment, and how relieved I was that I didn't show everyone how much of a slut I really was.
"It did feel humbling," I confessed. "It was as if he had control over me, but it also made me hungry for more."
"Well, the second year 'erotica' courses always highlight the female model, but this is the first time they have ever used a student. Every week they will bring in a different model for you to pose with. It will usually be a male, but sometimes you will be posed with another woman. You can bet that it will be highly arousing for everyone."
Gary drew up a voucher for the two hours of "specialized modeling". I had just reduced my student debt by 2 hundred dollars.
I spent another night with my T.A. friend, but it wasn't going anywhere, so I grabbed my shit around 4 in the dark, and headed for my own dorm.
As I walked, I saw a few serious runners, but the pathways were mostly empty. Just as I got within sight of my building, I realized that there was a humming sound, so I looked over my shoulder and almost jumped out of my skin when I found a golf cart within two feet of me.
"Hey," I shouted, as I jumped forward in alarm.
I quickly noted the "Campus Police" markings and the uniform.
"Can I give you a lift, Miss. Prescott?" The professional looking man asked me.
This was actually something that the college cops took pride in providing for female students, especially when they were walking alone at night.
I slipped into the seat next to him for the last 50 steps.
It took him about 40 seconds to get me there, and it took 38 seconds for me to realize that he knew me by name?!
All I did was turn to him, and he knew my question.
"Pretty well every security screen on the campus grounds was tuned into the art podium yesterday," he explained with a smile.
At that point I realized the folly of the 'no cell phones' policy for the art class. There were security cameras!
"I'm off work now, Ginny," he explained, though it sounded a lot like an offer.
I walked to the side door, but paused with the door only slightly ajar.
"Would you like to come up and help me quench a fire?" I called out.
He slowly climbed out of his side. I saw that he was at least twice my age, but he looked capable enough. Not like my usual passive, liberal friends.
When we got to my room I just walked to the bed and flopped down, face first. I heard the dead bolt being slammed into place, but I just lay there, exhausted.
The school cop put his weight on me, pulling my arms up behind my back. When I heard the handcuffs ratcheting onto my wrists, my eyes popped open.
"I'm going to fuck this gorgeous ass now," he whispered into my ear as he pressed down hard to show his dominance.
I didn't even resist. At least he used condoms.
The next 'click' of any note was the click of my door as he left me. I would have to change the sheets; they were soaked through. I was glad that I didn't need to call a girlfriend to release me from the cuffs.
Two weeks went by before I got an email as a reminder that the Summer Session was about to start. I was too broke for the extra course that a student could squeeze in, between regular school years. I had to earn cash, so the private modeling job at the Professor's cabin started to sound great. Of course it also sounded like a spot that most young ladies would and should avoid.
As usual, I was early.
Mark, The Art Professor, was still packing when I got to his apartment just north of the campus. He was dressed much more casually than at school, but still reminded me of my dads generation.
"There will be a few Associate Professors and Alumni of the school," he informed me as he packed. "You will pose for four one hour sessions each day, and some might run long, but then you get paid another full hour."
I was counting up the money in my head as he drove.
"You will probably recognize Brice Bingham. He does nudes in oil, and has already made a name for himself. He will be out there at some point. He will probably want some private time, but you should hold out for a percentage of the sale of the art. You might make a few thousand if you get the standard 15 percent. He is very successful with his erotic paintings."
I had heard the name, but I had no idea what he looked like. Not that it mattered. I would fuck a leprechaun riding a unicorn for a thousand dollars!
We got to the cottage around dusk, but we still had plenty of daylight to check out the grounds and the large building.
The property had a river valley and a wooded lot, next to a big modern cottage with a large front window, providing the maximum light in the Great Room of the A frame structure. More windows fronted the upper level where three bedrooms overlooked the couches and overstuffed seats of the front room, yet each had its own view of the lake.
The front porch had room for 20 partiers and a curved slide ended with a two foot drop to the water. There was a canoe, an upright paddle board, and two plastic kayaks on a steel rack near a small sandy beach.
"It's a bit chilly for a swim, I'm afraid," Mark informed me. "But it's supposed to be warmer over the next few days..."
"Oh! I should have brought my bikini," I interrupted him.
He looked at me funny, and my spine tingled a bit.
"You will not be needing a bikini, dear."
I realized with a chuckle that it would be silly to consider modesty on this trip.
"Let's get you out of those clothes, young lady."
He took me by the hand and led me to the middle of the Great Room. No one else was there yet, but perhaps the scholar wanted to have some private time with his muse?
"I hope you don't mind if I strip you myself, Ginny."
I felt his hand shake a bit as he pulled my blouse over my head. He came in close behind me and brought his lips to my neck, but he only sniffed my nape. It was intoxicating to be exposed, even if it was just one elderly man. His hands went around my narrow waist as I looked out over the lake.
"I need to draw you while aroused," he whispered, though there was only the two of us.
I pictured the Prof with a boner down low and a paintbrush in his hand. It made me chuckle again. Then I realized that he wanted 'me' aroused.
Mark continued to strip me. I only had a skirt and a thong, but he struggled to find the zipper on my side. He gently turned me around to face him.
"This entire weekend we will be looking to capture your raw desire," he started. "So now that you are naked and at my mercy, I am going to see what makes you hard in the right places."
He picked up some silk scarves and tied my wrists behind my back, then pulled another one up high on my arms, well above the elbows, causing me to arch my back and extend my tits toward the window.
Suddenly his fingers were in my vagina. My gasp was the only sound.
"Not too wet, but we can work on that." His other hand came around to a tit and gave it a full squeeze. "I am going to enjoy eating your pussy Ginny."
I felt the wetness growing before he felt it, but not by much.
"Your pussy is almost ready for me." He licked his lips to establish what I was being readied for.
"Spread your legs please." He politely insisted as he lowered himself to his knees.
I stepped a bit to the right and a bit to the left. All I could see was the lake, until I realized that there was a reflection in the window. I could see the ghostly image of the Professor's face between my legs, then I felt his tongue, high up on the back of my thigh. I could feel his breath on my labia as they filled with hot blood.
There must have been a breeze coming off the lake cause I could see the large pane of glass shimmer. It caused the vision of my tits to bounce with the reflected light.
"You look spectacular," Mark whispered.
He stood to one side and I watched him undress. He placed his dockers and golf shirt on the empty stuffed chair then he tugged his jockeys to the floor and wiggled his stiff pickle in front of me. He was average in length but more importantly, he lacked the dad muffin. He kept himself pleasantly slim and had a light brown dusting of chest hair. He moved in behind me while I noticed some movement outside. There were already three people on the deck with two other canoes pulling to the lower dock area, with day trippers jumping out.
My naked host moved in behind me and put his hands on my hips with an obvious intent.
"I think our audience has arrived," I informed my Patreon.
"Yes," he reported, but his hands were again roaming around my excited body.
"Perhaps we should keep it professional, Mark," I continued with a catch to my breath. He had positioned the tip of his cock at my slit, and I felt it rubbing the entrance to my pussy.
"This is me, keeping it professional, Ginny." He informed me as he thrust upwards with his hips. His cock split between my moist labia and didn't hesitate when the inner lips were found to be plenty wet enough.
I was being fucked, as the crowd gathered. I just looked back at them with my mouth open. The thrusts were doing their job. I spread myself a bit wider.
"That's it, Ginny. Perfect." The Prof continued his assault on my pussy.
After about 20 minutes of thrusting I could tell that my fucker was reaching the end of his journey.
"Sorry, Ginny, but I'm going to change their field of view a little." With that said, Mark reached around and grabbed two handfuls of tit, while he jammed his cock hard into my pussy. His pelvis smashed into my ass with every thrust, but it only lasted another 30 or 40 seconds as he emptied himself into my boiling depths.
"Don't worry, Love. I'll find someone to fill you," he called as he hurried away.
I was left, with cum running down on both sides of my thighs. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it, and my imagination filled the picture in my mind.
The sound of pencils on paper came as a reminder that I was not alone.
Then Mark brought me some help.
"This is Karl, and he would like to help, if it's okay with you Ginny?" Mark asked permission for my next assistant.
I nodded.
The lights were stark. Obviously positioned for the purpose of posturing. Quite the opposite of romantic, but we made it work. The new cock took up the quest, and plunged into my crotch, driven by a man that I had never met.
Karl was relentless. He had a sense for my overall excitement, and with that awareness he would taper off his strokes if my breathing got too heavy or I pulled my head back in anticipation of an orgasm. He even stopped once, causing me to blink back and gasp for that climax that he withheld from me.
Every now and then Karl would pull completely out and he would spread a cool gel on my labia with his hand, then plunge back in. At some point Professor Mark came up and whispered new instructions for Karl.
"Bring it to a close, Karl." Then he turned to me.
"That was three hours Ginny. You just made 6 big ones, can you do another session later tonight?"
I took a little longer to regain my mind, after such a long time in a pre-orgasmic haze, I wasn't sure what I wanted. Then the money registered, and the pleasure that I enjoyed while making it!
"One more three hour session would be okay."
Mark smiled.
"One stipulation," I continued. "If you cum, I get to cum."
It only sounded fair to me, but essentially it gave them permission to just 'cum as they pleased'.
For the next three and a half hours I got creamed. Their cum ran down my thighs, mixed with my own passionate emissions. When no one was sketching, I decided to call an end to the orgy.
I was given the master bedroom, with a beautiful glass shower. I could have chosen anyone to sleep with, but I chose to favor no one. After a thoroughly cleansing hot shower, I jumped into the lofty king sized bed and fell almost instantly asleep.
When I woke up, the sun was already lighting the room. It was well past noon and I was starving. When I opened the bedroom door all of the sounds and smells of an active holiday cottage came rushing into the bedroom.
They had food ready for me, and they served me on the porch where they had a giant sun umbrella set up over a table full of fruit and sweet tarts and croissants.
I drank strong coffee with thick cream and raw sugar. I was the only one naked but no one seemed to notice. They talked about last night like they were talking about something that happened to someone else.
"She was glowing with passion," one man proclaimed. "I will never forget it."
"It was a religious experience for me," a young woman spoke as if it had been her. "I felt her orgasms!"
"I think that I captured her vulnerability." Another artist showed his sketches. They were good too.
"Well, I drew the rivers of goo running down her legs. You won't see that again real soon!" There were murmurs of agreement.
"Ginny."
I looked up, and a well dressed and strikingly handsome man was talking to me. Everyone else acted like they were just noticing me there for the first time.
"I want to book a few hours with you, alone. I am Brice." Obviously he expected me to know him, but it took a minute for me to remember.
"Oils?" I suddenly recalled his medium of choice.
He smiled and I could see the tip of his tongue, like he had a defect to his smile. It was a little off putting, like he was mocking me, but I could see that it was natural.
"Yes, I would like that, but I was told..."
"A percentage, yes, that works for me too. That way I will get your best pose."
"I am in the loft of the boathouse."
I hadn't even noticed when he had picked up my hand, but I felt him squeeze it, then he released my hand and walked away. I watched as he walked down to the lake. I wanted him to look back, but he did not.
I decided to take in some sun bathing, while making two hundred dollars an hour. The sun was not really strong enough so I was soon a bit chilly, but there were at least a dozen pencils moving vigorously around me. I felt my nipples pop into their most excited form. I knew that my labia would be swelling. I spread my legs to give room for my inner lips to bud. I had cleaned myself, so any moisture would be my own.
I had to acknowledge the lust in the faces of many of my viewers. Some of them wanted to be with me, while others wanted to 'be' me. Both thoughts made me wet.
I only gave them an hour of my time. My overall horniness eventually drove me to check out the boat house. Brice looked like he might be a 'hands on' artist.
There was no door to the boat house loft; just a stairwell with creaky stairs, to give a warning to the residents. I still thought that it would be prudent to announce myself.
"Hi. Ginny Prescott here, Brice." I called out as I climbed the steps.
"Come on up, dear! Just staying limber, Ms. Prescott, don't mind Oscar."
At the top of the stairs I found a well hung man, with his massive cock in one of his own hands. The sketch on Brice's pad revealed that his erotic tastes ran to both sides of the gender spectrum.
"You didn't say 'when', so..." I started to explain.
"Oh, my dear. You are the star here, so let me be the one to apologize." Brice jumped up and I saw that a woman had been using her mouth on his genitals.
"Please, Ginny. We can get you set up right away. I think I know the pose."
I watched his cock bounce, while he reached out his hand to take my hand. He then led me to the empty dias. Extra lights were positioned all around me.
"I want Oscar to cum on your face, first, Gin... Oh, can I call you Gin?"
I nodded, hoping he understood that he could call me Gin, and have Oscar cum on my face.
"Rene has been edging me all morning, so I want to give you the entire load, and sketch you as it leaks out of your beautiful pussy."
"Then we will pause for refreshments." It sounded hot and lucrative.
I saw the video equipment, so I realized that Brice was not counting on his recollection of the event.
"I will make a lot more if I have documentation of the artwork's creation." It made a lot of sense to me, but then 15 percent might leave me underpaid.
I quickly realized that I was the new girl. I should establish some credentials before I ask for more.
Oscar stepped forward so I opened my mouth. He waved me off.
"I will take care of this, Ginny. I know what he wants."
Oscar got down close to my pussy but his hands went to his cock. He cupped his own balls with one hand, while stroking himself with long full sweeps.
He stared at my sex, so I flexed my hips back to let him see the vag itself.
"Nice he said as he quickly stood and shot jets of hot cum across my forehead then back over my tits.
"NIce! Brice exclaimed as he stood by.
"Now me." He proclaimed, while helping me into a good fucking position.
He pushed his solid pole into my hot hole, then went straight into fucking me. I could tell when he was coming, as the strokes got harder and he held himself deeply buried in me, until he pulled out and sat back to watch the flood pour out of me.
After a few minutes...
"It looks like we need more cum." Brice reasoned.
I tried to bare down and squeeze some out, but I must have been dehydrated and my body wanted to retain the ounce or two of cream that Brice had squeezed into me.
Oscar was recruited to add to my pussy, but Brice thought that he had better use his assistant to get hard enough for another go.
Oscar used his hand while looking at my sex to get himself ready, then he pushed into me while suckling one of my tits. I didn't need the tit stimulation but it worked wonders for him, as he was soon pounding a load into my eager muff.
There was now cum evident on my hairless puss, but the artist was intent on having his own cream on top. He started to cum while inside of me, but he pulled it out and finished on my puffy labia.
I could see the image in my mind and I knew it was the look that they were all after.
Cum dripped from my cheek and from my vagina, while my sex was vibrating with post coital pulses.
Brice's brush was flashing across his canvas. His camera was capturing the creative process.
No one had to touch me. I was in a trance of hedonistic ecstasy.
When they woke me I had no idea how long I had posed, but the morning light was shining and I needed more sleep, so I headed back to the master bedroom and told the occupants to fuck off, which they promptly did.
When I woke up there was a leather harness on the foot of the bed. I knew that they wanted bondage again today.
I took my time, drawing a bubble bath and luxuriating in the foam. I felt as light as the bubbles, giddy I suppose, from the sexual freedom that I was experiencing. They wanted me in ecstasy, and I knew that my giving up control was going to be very liberating for me.
They came for me while I showered.
The steam made them appear ghostly, but they were real people. They dried me with a dozen fluffy towels then they installed the thick leather harness that kept my wrists tight against my hips.
They directed me to the center of the Great Room where they had a bench for me to lie on while they observed me in bondage. An older man held a stick with a dildo attached to the end of it. I watched as he sprayed the business end with a misting tool. I hesitated, not sure which side to lie on. The old man smiled and took me by the hips and directed me to lay tits up, with my head over the far side of the bench.
Just as I rested my head back, the cold silicone dildo was thrust firmly to the bottom of my vagina! I threw my mouth open to yell in surprise, but the surprise continued; a cock was thrust firmly in and down my throat. It was withdrawn most of the way but then it continued to assault my face, while the dildo was firmly applied to my pussy. My hands were uselessly flopping at my belt line.
The cock in my mouth erupted and I almost choked, but he pulled out and came with most of his volume across my face. His white cream could be seen globbing up on my forehead. Another firm cock was pushed into my mouth, while the dildo was re-lubed and again used to pound away on my pussy.
Pencils scribbled. Charcoal coated the pads and hung in the air like chalk.
I convulsed into yet another orgasm, while many just watched and committed the lusty image to memory. I could not move from my position as I was again thrust into waves of pleasure. I thought about the money again but it hardly mattered.
I was happy and content. Content with the knowledge that I had something that they wanted to see, and they would have to pay for it.
*****
End of Chapter One