With Raph finally satisfied with her long-overdue orgasm she collapsed on the bed while I caught my breath from the floor. I was excited to find out more about our neighbor but nervous to look up now that I wasn't in the throes of passion anymore. I finally glanced out the window. She was gone but had taped a sign to the window. It read, "Nice to meet you. I'm Puck. See you next Sunday at 8 PM?"
I read it out loud to Raph who just giggled and looked at me with love in her eyes."Sexy as fuck," she said.
"Sexy as Puck," I replied.
I drew the curtains, collapsed and cuddled alongside Raph and cuddled up to her. It was only 11 am but we drifted off into a light nap together with the sun shining through that magical window.
***
Living with a couple as a single woman would normally be kind of a drag, but Bruce and Raph were a great pair. Their relationship was relatively new and they'd met as adults so they were accustomed to living independently and forming their own relationships. While they'd sometimes have a fight or something going on between them that made things weird, I was happy that I maintained independent relationships with each of them.
One of my least favorite things about these old Victorian buildings -- this apartment was built for a single family. We'd been using the old dining room as a living room and the old living room as a second bedroom for Raph and Bruce. That left the old master bedroom for me. All these rooms were arranged down a single hallways with large, old, solid, wooden doors. At one time they'd probably fit snug in their frames, but that time had probably passed with the last major earthquake. Large gaps were found at the bottom of each door, leaving the rooms far from soundproofed.
While I hadn't really let on about it, I'd heard them going at it a couple of times when I'd first moved in. Most guys I'd been with were quiet in bed but Bruce was a different story. I'd heard him purring or grunting a few times while Raph's moans drifted over to me. After the lockdown started they seemed to get more self-conscious about being overheard - or else they'd stopped fucking entirely. It was a shame really. I appreciated they were trying to keep things from getting awkward for me, but after being locked up for a few weeks I was getting really horny and didn't have a lot of options for release.
While I was happy that Raph took me up on my offer for the scrub in the old clawfoot tub, a part of me had hoped it might be Bruce that would jump in. The tub was large but it was slick and didn't have a lot of standing room before you'd hit a sloped side. This meant that sharing the tub inevitably involved a little bit of contact. Truth be told when I'd seen his cock starting to stiffen I started yearning for it to rub up against my ass. I wasn't ready to jump his bones but I did miss that feeling of satisfaction a gal gets from grinding her ass up on a guy's crotch and feeling his dick stiffen up for her.
I'd walked back into my room a little worked up. Bruce's decision to brush his teeth while he watched me shower with his girlfriend definitely made me wonder if there might be an opening for me to hook up with one or both of them. I dried off, laid down on my bed in the sunshine streaming in through my big window and stretched out. As my thoughts went back to Raph softly working here way over my body with the loofa I reached into my nightstand and pulled out my trusty vibrator. I closed my eyes and started it up, maneuvering it gently around my vulva as my body started to warm up in the sunshine.
Just as I was starting to get close I thought I heard a moan drifting under the door from the next room over. I slowed down so I could listen in the hopes I'd be able to sidecar my roommates tryst. More moans. A soft grunt. The grunting was starting to turn into a continuous growl, rolling in and out like distant thunder. My eyes snapped open as I edged myself, trying to time myself to come with Bruce.
Just as he was getting close and my eyes were starting to roll back in their sockets I turned towards the window and saw motion from the building across the street. At first I thought it was the reflection of a passing car on the window of the building but as I looked again I saw a woman in the window. She had one hand under her hoodie massaging her tits and pulling at her nipples while the other hand was in her yoga pants unmistakably rubbing at her pussy. My instinctive reaction was to reach for my blanket to cover up. As I reached though, I realized her gaze was mostly fixed just a few feet away from me - she had to have been watching Bruce and Raph. FUCK what I'd do for her view right now -- though to be fair it was pretty hot seeing her rub one out to them also.
She'd startled me away from my orgasm but as I realized just how hot the whole thing was -- I could hear them and she could see them, I started petting my clit with my vibrator again and starting to get my groove back just as I heard Raph yelling something and Bruce let out the biggest grunt I'd ever heard from him. Damn that must've been a great orgasm!
Well, if they were gonna show off for our mystery neighbor I figured a little healthy competition couldn't hurt. I started imagining the way I would've loved to bend over in the shower with Bruce's dick between my pussy lips as I stood up in front of my window, turned around and bent over the side of my bed. I laid my head down on the bed and looked off to the side so I could just see our neighbor rubbing her pussy faster and faster while I started full on fucking myself with my vibrator. She had definitely spotted me by now and was looking at my fully exposed bent over pussy and asshole. I had no illusions that she could see the details, but knowing that I could fully exhibit myself without worrying about exactly how I looked down there was a turn on. I was essentially soft-focused like a soap opera star. She was watching me work it against the vibrator when her gaze snapped back over to the other window just as I heard Raph's moans starting to hit a crescendo.
I'd missed out on coming with Bruce but I wasn't going to miss out this time. Watching our neighbor join Raph's orgasm put me over the top too. All three of us came together. I turned my face into the pillow, too shy despite everything to scream out and betray my voyeuristic secret to Raph and Bruce. As my legs finally stopped trembling enough for me to crawl up onto the bed I looked back across the street and saw that our mystery neighbor had taped up a sign. "Nice to meet you. I'm Puck. See you next Sunday at 8 PM?"
Fuuuuck. This was going to be wild. Bruce and Raph must realize I'd heard them but did they know about Puck? Would Puck be putting on a show for me next week? Or maybe I'd just be her service sub and show off my body and all of the ways I could fuck myself for her while she rubbed one out. What if Raph and Bruce did know about Puck? Would they be fucking again? Maybe I could catch another ride-along listening to them go at it regardless of whatever was going on with this Puck character. Did Puck have her own partner over there? Maybe she'd be showing off for me next.
There were too many scenarios for me to contemplate on my orgasm-rattled brain but I knew one thing for sure -- this was going to be the sexiest lockdown I could've imagined.