As we rode the elevator up to Erica's nineteenth floor apartment, we could barely keep our hands off each other. Another couple joined us on the ground floor and rode up with us until the twelfth. Jared had his hand up my skirt and was stroking my pussy lips through my panties as we stood behind them, trying not to giggle. I'm not sure Erica knew it was happening, either.
We walked into Erica's apartment and started looking around. We made small talk about the pictures on the walls and the books on the shelves as she found three wine glasses and uncorked a bottle of red. She stepped into the kitchen for only a moment and came back to find Jared and me standing in her living room making out. She approached us and handed us each a drink. We toasted the sex club for our good fortune in meeting each other that night and shared another three-way kiss before taking a sip.
"Where's your bedroom?" Jared asked, getting straight to the point.
"Someone's impatient!" Erica joked.
I reached down and felt the bulge in his jeans and confirmed that Jared was ready to get back to business. Erica winked at me and took my hand, leading us down the short hallway to her room.
Jared took off his shirt, sat down on the edge of the king-sized bed and took a sip of his wine. As he sat and looked up at us, we recalled how much he liked watching us enjoy each other. I was so turned on by his muscular arms and toned, sculpted chest -- the sight of him made me feel myself getting wetter. Erica took a sip of her wine and set her glass down on the dresser.
"We know you like watching us," she teased him. "Pull out your cock and show us how you touch yourself." She leaned in and started kissing my neck, while pressing her hips against mine. We were sort of slow dancing together, in silence. I sipped my wine and handed my glass to Jared. He set it on the dresser for me and sat back down to watch. He unzipped his jeans and pulled out his big throbbing cock and began stroking his already hard erection.
I found myself unbuttoning Erica's shirt and pulling it down off her shoulders. She had on a lacy bralette that covered more than supported her small breasts. Her nipples were hard and almost protruding through a gap in the lace. I leaned down and licked one, letting the friction of the fabric add to the sensation. She moaned, "mmhmmm" as I continued to lick her nipples until they were wet.
She pulled my deep V-neck shirt up over my head, revealing the pretty, red push-up bra I had chosen earlier in the evening when I didn't think anyone would see it. When we'd gotten dressed after our communal shower, we'd been in such a hurry to leave the club, we hadn't paid any attention to what the others were wearing. We quickly got dressed and left. Now they were noticing -- and admiring -- my underwear. Erica smiled and ran her fingers over my cleavage and kissed me passionately. I felt Jared's hands undoing the zipper on my skirt and sliding it down my legs to reveal the matching red lace thong underneath. Once again, he slapped and grabbed my ass in one swift, somewhat rough motion.
I held Erica's kiss and unbuttoned her jeans. Jared got up and stood behind her, gently pulling them down her legs. He joined our dance, pressing his body against Erica's back, kissing and nuzzling her neck. I felt his hands come between us as he reached around to cup Erica's lace-covered breasts. I momentarily regretted all the padding in my own bra because it meant I couldn't feel his hands on my skin in that moment. Suddenly, though, Erica's hands reached around my back and unclasped my bra. She pulled it off me and threw it to the ground, as if she'd read my mind.
"Mmm, let's see those pretty titties again," she smirked. "Aren't they perfect?"
Jared stopped nuzzling long enough to agree with her. "I fuckin' love them," he said, as he pinched my pierced nipple.
"Really?" I asked, somewhat unsure. "I like yours. They're small but so pretty. They feel so good in my mouth. What do you think?" I squeezed her tits and looked at Jared for his opinion.
"I think you're both gorgeous with perfect tits." It was a diplomatic answer, but I think he meant it.
With that, Erica stepped aside, out of the sandwich we'd made of her, and let Jared take me into his arms. He kissed me and reached down to grab my ass again. She moved behind him, putting him in the middle, and reached down to pull his unzipped jeans down over his plump ass. She pulled his shorts down too, and his erection stood right up. As we pressed our bodies together, still making out, it slid between my legs and rubbed gently on my lips.
I wanted him inside me.
He had other plans.
Jared led me to the end of the bed and pushed me down. I liked this assertive side of him, taking charge and doing with me what he liked. He hooked his elbows under my knees and slid be closer to him, until my ass was on the edge. He knelt down and immediately started sucking on my clit. I moaned and gasped in pleasure as his tongue flitted over my clit over and over again.
Erica crawled up beside me on the bed and leaned in for a kiss. "He's so good, isn't he?" She asked. I could only smile in elation in response.
She got up on her knees and straddled me, facing away from Jared. She inched closer to my face until her pussy was over my mouth. With her hands holding onto the headboard, she lowered herself onto me and I felt her sweet pussy juices on my lips. I reached up to hold her hips steady and began pleasuring her with my tongue, mirroring what Jared was doing to me. We writhed and moaned in unison.
Jared's hands were all over me, fondling and squeezing as his mouth brought me closer and closer to cumming. He looked up for a moment and saw Erica's back, arching and squirming as I licked her pussy.
"Look at that ass, grinding on your face," he said, giving Erica a spank and a grab. "You girls are wild and I fuckin' love it!" He laughed and then went back to sucking me off.
His tongue was too much for me and I was squirming all over the place in ecstasy. He sat upright and with one hand, he held my hips down, and with the other, he pressed his thumb so intensely into my clit that I lost it. I began squirting as the orgasm overcame me. Stunned, he knelt there, getting soaked in my juices, still grinding his thumb on my mound.
"Oh my god! You're squirting!" He yelled.
Erica quickly jumped off me and turned to watch as my cum was still spraying in all directions. "Cum for us, baby!" She yelled, rubbing my thighs and watching in awe.
I felt so embarrassed, having made such a mess in Erica's room -- in her bed! The sheets were soaked, the floor was wet. Jared himself looked like he'd just gotten out of the shower, my juices dripping down his chest. But they were both smiling, loving it.
When I finished convulsing, Jared climbed up on the bed and turned me around until my head hung off the side of the bed as I laid on my back. He grabbed a condom from Erica's bedside table, slipped it on, and without much warning, slid his giant cock inside me. He laid down on top of me and held my head in his hands, elbows resting on the bed. He kissed my mouth as he began thrust into me. I grabbed his ass at felt it clenching with each thrust, begging him to fuck me deeper and deeper.
"Oh, yes, baby, fuck me harder!" I cried.
He kissed me again. It was passionate and urgent yet somehow still soft.
Erica, somewhat left out at the moment, laid down beside us and began touching herself as she watched.
"You guys are so fucking hot," she said. "I want to watch you fuck her until she comes again."
We were both getting close, so Jared decided to switch it up. Without pulling out, he laid back and pulled me on top of him, in one swift motion. He was strong and in control. I rode him, grinding my mound onto him as I moved back and forth on his cock. He reached up and grabbed both my breasts, squeezing them hard with both hands. I gasped and yelled out in pleasurable pain.
Jared sat up and, face-to-face with me, began kissing me as I continued grinding on him. The intensity of it pushed me over the edge and I shrieked again as I lost control of my orgasm again. I didn't squirt this time, but when he pulled out of me, his cock was covered in my juices. He flipped me over to fuck me doggy style. He fucked me hard, pounding into me and groaning loudly.
Erica, who had been fingering herself as she watched us, crawled underneath me in a sixty-nine. She licked my pussy and Jared's balls, with the perfect view of his cock sliding in and out of me. I fingered her and sucked her clit until she quivered and yelled, "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum! Just like that, don't stop, don't stop! Yessssss!!!"
Jared's groaning was getting louder and his breath was getting heavier. "I wanna cum on your tits," he moaned, so we both got up and sat on our knees, offering our chests to him. He ripped off his condom and began stroking himself until his cum shot onto my tits and then Erica's. He moaned loudly and continued stroking himself until he was done.
Erica giggled as he fell to his knees in front of us. She turned to me and began licking cum off my tits, kissing and sucking my nipples as she lapped it up. Then she leaned in and kissed me. I could taste Jared's sweet, hot cum in her mouth.
Jared grabbed us both and pulled us into him and we shared a threeway kiss.
We collapsed on the bed together -- Erica lying on her back, me draped over her with my head on her chest, and Jared spooning me from behind -- and drifted off to sleep.
-------
I awoke to Jared kissing my neck and running his fingers up and down my side. I turned to look him in the eye, and he whispered, "Come with me." He stood up and held out his hand for me to get up too.
I followed him out of Erica's bedroom, leaving her fast asleep in her bed.
As we walked into the living room, he grabbed the open bottle of wine and took a swig, then passed it to me. I took a drink and noticed his erection. I playfully grabbed at it and said, "If you wanted to fuck me again, we could have stayed in bed."
"Naw," he said, "I just wanted to spend some time with you."
"Ok," I said, somewhat confused. We were still complete strangers. I knew nothing about him except that he was an excellent fuck. And he knew nothing about me.
He lightly pinched my pierced nipple. "Fuck, Erica's right, you do have perfect tits. You're gonna turn me into a tits man."
I laughed. It wasn't the first time I'd been told that. I always pull ass men, but my constant begging for attention on my nipples changes them, I guess.
"Why pierce only one?"
I took a swig of wine and passed it back to him. I shrugged, because I really wasn't sure why I'd only pierced the one. It had never occurred to me to do both. "I don't know," I offered. "But I kinda like it this way. They feel so different from each other."
"They're sensitive huh?" He asked, knowingly.
"Ha," I laughed. "Very. What about yours?" I pinched at his tiny nipples on his perfect chest.
"Maybe a little," he chuckled. "You can bite them if you want." He smirked and winked at me, then took another sip from the bottle. "Come on, come with me." He took my hand and led me to Erica's small balcony. He opened the door, and we stepped outside.
It was nearly sunrise. The clouds were a gorgeous shade of dark blue with hints of pink. Erica's apartment had a view of the lake to the south, and a few other downtown condo buildings. Jared handed me the wine and closed the door behind us.
I stood by the railing, leaning my elbows on it, and took in the view from the nineteenth floor. I sipped the wine and passed it back to him. I inadvertently shivered, and suddenly realized we were naked outside.
"You cold?" He asked. He traced some goosebumps down my arm and flicked my hardened nipple.
"Yeah, I guess I am. You're not?" I teased, looking down at his still swollen, massive member.
"Guess not. I'll keep you warm." He stepped behind me and pressed his body against mine, wrapping his arms around me. As he took another pull from the bottle, I felt his erection press up against my back. "Last sip," he said, handing me the bottle.
I took it and gulped down the last of the wine. He took it back and set it down on the floor. As he wrapped his arms around me again, he started kissing my neck. I moaned and tilted my head to the side to give him more access.
"This has been a pretty perfect night," I said, almost to myself.
"Hmm," he grinned. "Can't argue with you there." With one finger, he gently turned my cheek to himself and passionately kissed me on the mouth. I leaned in with everything I had. I was warm and cold at the same time. I gently bit his bottom lip and he moaned. I felt his cock get harder against my back. "Ok, maybe I do wanna fuck," he laughed.
"I knew it," I grinned back at him.
"Problem is, I don't have a condom out here. Have you been tested? I promise I'm clean," he said. He kept kissing my mouth, my chin, my neck.
How could I resist? "I'm clean," I said between kisses. "Got tested last month. Just don't cum in me."
With that, he slid his pulsing cock into my wet, warm pussy and we both groaned in relief. I leaned down, giving him my ass, and let my tits hang over the railing.
He grabbed my ass with both hands and slowly pulled himself back. Then he quickly slammed into me, and slowly pulled himself back, again and again. He fucked me slow and then hard. I let out a few loud groans and after a few moments, I realized the sun was coming up and we had company. As it got lighter out, people in the building across the street had started to notice us, naked and fucking on the balcony.
Leaning forward, with my tits hanging down, swinging and clapping into each other with each thrust, I saw several people watching me through their windows, and some on their own balconies. I didn't care. Let them watch, I thought.
Jared began pounding me at a steady and fast rhythm, rubbing my clit with one hand. "Take that dick, baby, take it," he growled.
My tits bounced on display, and I was lost in the ecstasy. "Oh, yeah, just like that! Right there, right there! I'm gonna cum!" I screamed as I climaxed, and I felt myself squirt all over Jared again.
A couple on a balcony across the street applauded as I came. "Woooh, get it!" One guy yelled. Jared laughed, and I blushed a little.
He stopped thrusting and asked, "Do you want to taste yourself?"
I stood up straight and as his cock fell out of me, I felt my juices run down my legs. I got on my knees and took him in my mouth.
"Do you taste good, baby?" He grinned, as he whisped stray hairs off my face and held my ponytail.
With my mouth full, I could only hum in agreement. "Mmhmm," I moaned. I pulled him out of my mouth and caught his eyes. "You fuck me so good," I smiled.
Maintaining his gaze and my smile, I put him back in my mouth, taking as much as I could. I continued to suck his cock, massaging his balls with one hand and stroking up and down with the other. I held nothing back, doing my best work. He was soaked and I kept making it sloppier. He leaned back on the sliding door and moaned, "Oh, fuck!"
I giggled to myself, knowing I was pleasuring him as much as he'd pleasured me.
It was now almost fully light out, and our audience was growing. Jared pulled me to my feet and began kissing me. Fuck, he was such a good kisser. I kissed him back, passionately, and I felt him grab onto my ass with both hands. We heard a cheer from across the street and decided to head back inside.
He took my hand and led me back to the bedroom. He whispered, "Let's wake Erica," and winked.
I crawled onto the bed and gently kissed Erica's cheek, then slowly kissed gradually down her throat to her chest and by the time I reached her perky little nipple, she had roused. Slowly opening her eyes, she asked, "Is it morning?"
"Sort of," Jared offered. He pulled back the sheet revealing her naked lower half, and he gently pressed her legs open. "May I?"
"Mmmm, yes please! Good morning," Erica smirked.
She took my face in her hands and kissed me. "You taste like wine and cum," she said, somewhat confused.
I looked at Jared and we both chuckled. "Yeah, that sounds about right," I said.
"Well I want some," she complained. "Sit on my face."
I wasted no time throwing my leg over her and positioning my wet pussy on her mouth. She wasted no time lapping up the rest of my cum and teasing my clit with her tongue. I reached down and grabbed a condom off the bedside table and flicked it onto her stomach. I winked at Jared.
He quickly slipped it on and began stroking Erica's pussy with his cock.
"Mmm, yes, fuck me, baby," she moaned from underneath me. With that, he grabbed her legs and held them in the air, pushed himself inside her, and began thrusting.
"Do you like her pussy?" I asked him, almost jealous, secretly hoping he liked mine better.
"Yeah, I like her tight pussy," he answered. He winked at me and made a kissing gesture, and I knew what he meant.
I leaned forward, with my pussy still balanced on Erica's face, and leaned in to kiss him. He held my throat, to steady his balance, and kissed me hard. He kept thrusting into Erica, hard and fast, all the while looking deeply into my eyes and kissing me intermittently.
I could tell he was getting close, but he wouldn't let himself cum until Erica did.
After a few minutes, she began to moan and yell, "That's it, don't stop!"
He furiously kept thrusting until she let out a wail, "I'm cumming!"
"I'm cumming too," he groaned, and then slumped over onto the bed. He held a hand up to help me dismount from my perch, and I lowered myself beside him.
"Oh my god, that was amazing!" Erica panted. "What a way to wake up! You two want coffee?"
Jared glanced at me and then offered, "I think I just need to take a shower. Do you mind?"
"No," Erica shrugged. "That's fine. We can shower again," she winked. She walked into her ensuite bathroom and started the water.
Jared gave my hand a squeeze, then sat up and pulled his condom off. We walked into the bathroom together and the three of us showered again.
Just like at the club, it was playful and sexy but stayed fairly innocent. We were all pretty worn out and very satisfied. We kissed and touched but mostly we focused on soaping up. Erica offered us some skincare products. "Help yourselves," she said, the perfect hostess. She offered to let us stay a while, but Jared declared it was time to go.
We all exchanged numbers and promised we'd meet again. We agreed it was too good to not let it happen again. Jared and I kissed Erica goodbye and left together.