I didn't think this was going happen. Not to me. I'm just too cocky. But I am a bad example and probably deserved all its consequences. Probably cause I have been guilty of flirting with every pretty girl out there and having my own flings as causal as changing my underwear. Hence I needed to be "suffer" and "fall on my own sword" you can say. My girlfriend's name is Sandra C. She is a pretty young lady who works for another law firm as a legal secretary. I meet her a year ago at a conference. I kept my eyes on her ever since and so did many others. It was only 3 or so months ago that we began seeing each other. And she was absolute hot in every way sexually. The only problem now, when you have a stunning lady like her, every male has their eyes on her. Her every action is watched by male or female alike. Admittedly I do get envious of her attention. I wasn't use to "playing second fiddle." But its too late now, I have fallen for this beautiful girl and she knows her power over me lies a lot on her physical appearance. But I don't fall easily, when I get accused of being too possessive. I am not. It arouses me the thought of other males being attracted to her. I didn't want to be a slave to every move she makes. I am happy for us to remain living apart. It suits me as well. We are not ready for that yet.
Sandra is one pretty girl. Beautiful looks and of course stunning figure to go. Her smile could "launch a thousand ships." She melted me every time.
This story is actual true events but of course I had to dramatized every scenario and modernized parts. I remember every woman I have slept with. Sandra remains one of the hottest for me. She got me going every time we were together.
So we have all experienced those moments of doubt. That is doubt over what your better half tells you. Do you believe them and don't stall on the thought or do you get suspicious and get jealous. Well, I am not the jealous type. I learnt years ago I needed to trust a beautiful young lady or I go crazy over thoughts of her with someone else. But I am also suspicious enough to check out an outright lie. That's what has happened a number of times with Sandra. The first time it happened was when she needed to have a day off. It happened too suddenly. She was to going to have a day "of adventure" with her bestie. The plan was to go for a day trip along the tracks at the locate park, a large national park an hour or so away. I didn't give a second thought until she sent me a text intended for "another person." It read.
"Really looking forward to seeing you too."
That seem innocent enough but this was her bestie we are talking about or am I reading too much into it. So that morning when she left my place, she texted me that she will see me tonight as she has just arrived at her destination. For some strange reason I had to go to the park myself. Yes I became suspicious. Too be honest I was feeling a little jealous, but I wasn't obsessive over it. Yet I really had no proof of anything elicit going on but my mind started playing those mind games. Plus I was curious. Was she really playing around on me? I needed to find out if there was a truth to uncover here.
So I drove there myself. And guess what the thought of "catching her" was playing on my mind. My heart raced and pounded hard with both excitement and fear. When I saw her car at the parking lot, it was literally racing out of my chest. I stopped for a few minutes to catch my breath. To calm down. I wasn't sure where to go now, but followed the main track. I can only assume that I would be 2 hours behind them, if they kept walking. It was nearly 10am so there was plenty of time. I brought my binoculars so that I can scan the landscape for any movements.
The strange thing, was I was getting quite excited about all this. To be frank it was probably just my imagination and nothing may come out of this, meaning a little waste of time and some fresh air. Along the way I passed a few tourists and locals enjoying the walk and quite amazing views. But then I remembered was Sandra was wearing earlier when she left my place. She wore a pink t-shirt and a pair of sexy short shorts. Then I realized I had to be careful. I wore dark glasses and an old cap wore backwards. It was not my usual style but I needed to look like any other bloke.
It was at around this point, probably an hour into my walk that I spotted Sandra walking towards me in the opposite direction. I suddenly froze my heart pounding viciously. I properly turned facing away from her grabbing my binoculars pretending to admire the view. It was then I noticed she wasn't alone and it ain't her bestie walking behind her. It was some good looking male walking a few feet behind her. They were definitely together as I heard them talking as she passed me. F...king sl...t I thought. She was with some other man. Then suddenly those jealous thoughts entered my head tormenting me. Sh.t I thought I wasn't the jealous type, but seeing her here with some strange male made me sick. I tried to calm down, taking deep breaths and drinking a gallon of water all in a hurry. It was then I decided to follow them. They were walking down another track and I stayed a long distance back, being careful not to look like someone was following them.
It was also then I felt the odd sensation of arousal. Here I was actually spying on my girlfriend as I tracked her. I was getting excited and starting to get a little hard. My heart pounded forcefully at the thoughts. The thoughts of catching them in the act. But then maybe this was just innocence and he is just a "friend", yeah right. I stayed at a distance from them for 30 minutes until they appeared to stop for a break. They had gone off the main track and go down a gully. I couldn't see them now so I had to move closer. I had to be careful in case they suddenly back tracked, so I stayed back perhaps 100 feet away at a guess. But I can still hear them when they spoke or laughed. I just couldn't make out what they were saying. The track was an off the main trail but still used by others due to its wore nature. I breathed heavily and nervously, not knowing what to expect. But I couldn't shake off those jealous thoughts. Which man couldn't when you are about to catch your girlfriend in the act with another man. However I am still speculating. Nothing may come of this. But why would you take someone into the middle of a park and just look at the scenery. Clearly there were more sinister reasons. Sandra is a pretty girl and what man wouldn't make a play on her when alone here. I was concerned at the conclusions.
Finally it sounded like they had stopped at a scenic spot off the trail and were laying out the matt to have something to eat. I remained probably between 50 to 100 feet away but at a higher spot to them. I can just make them out. I can hear their talking but can't make out the words. I told out my binoculars and aimed it in their direction. I can see them both preparing lunch and chatting away, oblivious to anyone watching them. My heart raced endlessly as I watched. Then they sat down on the matt eating lunch. It made me hungry as well, so I ate the chocolate I brought along. I crouched there for half an hour watching until Sandra got and went into the bushes. I suspected to relieve herself. I watched him intensely for a couple of minutes while he finished eating. Then unsurprisingly he gets up and enters the bushes she went in. Sh.t he's hitting on her and I can't see anything. But I couldn't move from my vantage point for fear of being caught. Then they both come back out laughing. My heart races with nervous excitement as I kept watched. Again those jealous thoughts entered my head tormenting me. They sit back down against a large tree trunk. Then the inevitable happened. They begin kissing. Oh my god. I was both swearing under my breath and getting turned on. I feel myself getting hot under the collar and "fuming" at the infidelity of my girl. I pull out my video camera and zoomed in on action unfolding.
My hand shook nervously as I tried to focus on recording them. I still have footage to this day and admittedly I got off on it on many occasion, whilst viewing that "painful " event that happened a few years ago. It was this event that inspired my various fantasies later on. So despite her obvious infidelity, oddly I was rather aroused. Its not often that anyone will capture raw action like this, especially as it occurs in front of you. And more painfully it was your own girl that's involved. My only regret was not hearing everything. Needlessly I developed an extreme erection and I was breathing rapidly and deeply if not panting. The mix of emotions almost gets the better of me. Ironically I wanted f...k her real good. Watching her with another man was really turning me on.
As I filmed, I sensed their passion. His left hand was all over her chest, sqeezing, massaging her through her pink top. Likewise her right hand was massaging his chest. Every now and then he would brush her brunette locks away from her pretty face then continue kissing her.
Then he would try to insert his hand down her shorts but she resisted him, instead he massages the front of her shorts, hoping to arouse her more. Oh god I hope he doesn't try to go down on her, go down and taste my girl's pussy. Or worse she allows him. Fortunately she resists his attempts and begins massaging the front of his shorts. I can see his erection pushing hard against his shorts as she gripped and massaged him. I can even see his pelvis pump ever so slowly meeting her right hand. I think she's going to give him a handjob. Oh my god the thought of watching her masturbating another man was driving me crazy with mixed emotions. I know how she is. But I continued filming, my hands trembling in excitement. I hear my heart skipping its beats and beating loudly in my chest.
Then it happens, she takes his shorts off exposing the large lump beneath his underwear before pulling the top of his undies down exposing his large uncircumcised penis. She slowly massages it, before she pulls down his foreskin and then gripping his erection and slowly moving her hand up and down. By now I was more aroused then angry. I know the feeling of her slender hand on me. I know how she masturbates a man. I know her intense enthusiasm and what she does to me. Still, I wanted to watch her do it, do it in its entire rawness and be able watch it again. This was really turning me on now, to see her touch another intimately.
Now she is kissing him again while slowly moving her hand up and down his shaft. Then she stares intensely at him as he stares back at her. She brings her right hand to her mouth and licking her palm before returning her hand to her erection. She then twists her hand around the swollen head, sending him squirming in pleasure, before pumping rapidly. Oh my god, I can almost feel it myself as I identified with her technique. Then the jealous thoughts started to cloud my head. It was starting to bother me. It was the way she masturbated him just how she masturbated me that got to me. But at the same time, I was still really aroused, my hand trembling as I try to steady the video camera.
Sandra continued that technique of using her saliva, then the twists, before giving him short rapid jerks and slow long strokes. This carried on for a few minutes. I literally know the number strokes she does and can even count the number of fast strokes she does between licking her hand, then the number of firm twist of her right hand she does, before the short burst of strokes. It was "killing" me inside. All this time, she stared intensely at him with those pretty eyes, giving him more pleasure. I can even see that familiar lustful look on her face. That made me jealous. It was eating into me. But it made me hot, watching her in action. It was weird.
I can see the effect it was having on him. His face contorted in pleasure, his mouth open, and his eyes staring back at her pretty face. The smile on her face unforgettable. He grabs her face and they begin kissing while she alternated between fast short strokes and long slow stroking. I knew her technique well. And again the jealous thoughts start to eat into me. I do remember how dry my throat became as I observed them with lustful shock. Again it's not often that you are a witness to such raw action. I kept thinking I wished I could hear them. Hear the intimacy between them. Hear their excitement. But that could just cause more "hurt." And I know her intimate words in the moment of pleasuring a man. Her whispers of encouragement. I felt nauseous and sick in the stomach thinking about it. My hands continues trembling as I tried to steady the camera. My head pounded due to holding my breath too long.
Then I see her reposition herself for the final moment. Her right leg forces his thighs apart, resting below his testicles. Her right hand begins massaging and gripping his sacs, then slowing stroking him up and down. Oh god, that moment has come, she's about to finish him. I know her technique well. He already knows it as he pumps his pelvis up and down anticipating. I can read her like a book. She stares intensely at him then bends down, dripping a large droplet of her saliva from her mouth onto his swollen head. I can see the glistening of her saliva on his erection as it runs down the stiff shaft of another man's penis. The jealous thoughts again raises its ugly head. I felt sick in the stomach as I watched Sandra about to finish him.
I didn't know at the time how hard it was to watch as I know how good she is and how shes masturbated me. Sure enough, she firmly grips him twisting her right hand quickly, rapidly around the swollen glands, sending him squirming in pleasure. She stares intensely at him and appears to talk to him. Oh god its painful to watch but I needed to see this.
Immediately her right hand starts to go wild on him. Her hand turns into a frenzied blur as it flew up and down his erection. She became was very intense and enthusiastic. It became clear now, that I was able hear his distant moans. But through the camera lens, I can see his pelvis pump up and down slowly meeting her right hand and he begins rolling his head in sheer pleasure, his mouth opens and his eyes closed as he enjoyed the feel of her hand. My face blushed, as I watched my girlfriend Sandra furiously masturbating another man. The look of sheer lust on her pretty face made me both extremely turned on and jealous as she edged him on. She appears to be talking to him. Oh god I can only imagine.
Unbelievable she went at him for up to 2 minutes with no pause as he moaned in pleasure and his body squirmed. It was making me sick in the stomach. Now I can even hear his orgasm approaching in the open air. Then I suddenly hear her unmistaken squeal from their direction, as he explodes. His cum explodes out and she almost loses control as she pumped furiously. It causes his cum to fly everywhere. The image of her furiously masturbating him, and that unforgettable look on on her face, forever embedded in my mind, now spawned my future fantasies stories. The jealous thoughts I can never erase now but the images gave me endless stories of voyeurism and lust. To this day I still remember the pleasure and pain. The footage I still have and never shared with anyone.
Now she had finished him. Now he has experienced her. Its too late to simply take it back. But now she is licking his cum off his chest and abdomen another kick in my gut. I decided to go before they move. Then suddenly I noticed movement to my right, probably another 50 feet away. I swung my video camera at their direction and one of them looked at me. It was 2 females walkers. It appears they have been watching them as well and me. Gosh I feel embarrassed that I was observed spying. I decided to move quickly back to my car. I just hope I don't run into these 2 females. But as sure as night follows day, I strike two at the carpark. They look at me as if to say, "that's the guy in the bushes taking pictures." I guess I was feeling vulnerable at the time. My emotions were running full steam ahead. I make out as quick as possible. After watching your girl, finish another man off, I didn't want to hang around. I needed a stiff drink. But strangely, I was rather hot and had erection I needed to take care of.
Once in my car, I took a few deep breaths to calm myself down then headed off. I turned the radio on near full volume, then would you believe one of Sandra's favorite song starts playing. It was "A true heart was hard to find." It nearly brought tears to my eyes as I home. Then James Blunt's "You beautiful" plays. It was another of our favorites.
At home, I downed a couple cold ones and just looked at the video camera on the coffee table. At the time, everything was hard to swallow. Now I am glad I have the footage, which one day I will find a way to share it. Then suddenly my thoughts are interrupted as I received a text from her, telling me, she's almost back home. I start to get nervous. Should I confront her or play along as if the affair never happened. But I wanted and desired her more than ever. I think it was the fear of losing her. In fact oddly enough I just wanted to f...k her badly, much more than normal. She drove me crazy, but oddly it just enhanced my desire for her. Seeing her with another man, made me want her even more. I just wanted to spend some intimate time with her. It was hard to explain the odd reaction, but somehow I really missed her. I needed to be more intimate with her and feel her touches. I wanted to experience the pleasure she had given another man a few hours earlier.
I hid the camera and it wasn't long before I received a knock on the front door. It was indeed Sandra. Her beautiful smile greeted me. She hugs me before saying.
"So glad to be back, Jess is such a pain. She wanted to this and that. I couldn't even a word in, so I just did what she wanted." She complained.
I looked at her and just smiled. What a lying sl.t I thought. But she looked so radiant. I wanted to take her right now. I didn't ask anymore questions about her day walk. And she didn't give away any clues that she had been up to no good. So it was like nothing happened, yet I know the painful truth. If I had not followed her I would have never known about her infidelity.
"Lets just go to bed." I insisted.
"You mean right now? You really miss me, eh?" She smirked.
Despite having just come back and not heading for a shower, she was interested enough to follow me to my bedroom. We stood at the beds edge and I proceeded to undress her. She didn't stop me. I was so aroused. My erection swelling hard in my pants. I wanted to go down on her, to see how wet she has been all day. She finally stood there in her sexy knickers. Her nipples erect, ripe for sucking on.
I go down on my knees and bring my face onto her underwear. Immediately the musky scent of her pussy enters my nostrils. The material damp from her wetness. I then slide her panties down exposing the neatly trimmed pussy. My penis throbbing uncontrollably as I bring my face onto the moist matted pubic hairs. Oh god the scent of her hits me. I really missed her. It drives me crazy that familiar scent of her. Then I pulled her to the ground intent on going down on her. As she laid there, I looked at how beautiful she was. Oh god I missed her so much. Then I promptly spread her legs wide apart and forcing her knees to her chest, then with my hands, spread her vulva wide open. She lets out a moan of pure excitement as her inner vulva becomes fully exposed to my eyes.
"My god, my god." She squeals.
The strong musky scent of her pussy drifts into my nostrils. The highly erotic visual sight of her pussy stares back at me.
"Oh my god...oh yeahh, oh yeahh." I moaned excitedly as I looked at her.
Her face turns bright red, embarrassed at my indiscretion. It really just turned me on more, her vulnerability right now. The hot erotic sight of her exposed like this, nearly makes me cum. I use a finger to play with the creamy bits around her labia and clitoris then inserted into my mouth for a taste. She was extremely wet and dirty but I was so turned on, that I immediately went down on her, licking and sucking her whole inner vulva area, in and around her dirty labia and clitoris and even to her anus. The strong fishy scent of her, almost overwhelms me. She started to orgasm almost immediately, squirming in orgasmic pleasure and moaning loudly. Then I stopped and grabbed her hand leading her onto my bed.
"I want you to finish me with your hand, just the way you like to do it." I begged suggestively.
She paused for a few seconds, like she was thinking about what I meant. Then a hot smirk appears on her pretty blushing face.
"Oh god yeah, you naughty boy, you really miss me, and you're so hard and stiff. What's wrong with you? As she gripped my erection through my underwear.
By now I so hot for her, despite raw images of her furiously masturbating that other man filled my mind. I wanted her. My desire for her was driving me crazy. I kiss her passionately and she savioured her own taste in my mouth. We start to moan together.
Then I pull back and look at her beautiful face. I brush her hair from her face. A hot smirk appears on her pretty face. Her face blushing pink. I feel her right hand massaging me through my underwear, running up and down the shaft. She stares into my eyes and that lustful smile appears.
"Oh yeah, feel so good. Oh god you're so hard." She moaned quietly.
Then she pulls me out from beneath the damp material and begins licking her right hand slowly staring at me deliberately with that extremely hot look. It sends a bolt of electricity through me.
"Yeah you like that baby, you like the way I do it, yeah." She teased with that trade mark smirk.
Then massages her right hand around the swollen glands. Oh my god I miss her so much. The thought of her doing the same to someone else, just hours earlier was causing a mix of emotions. At the moment I was so sexually attracted to her, that it overwhelms my other emotions.
She starts quietly moaning as she continued that technique of licking her hand, slowly twisting me and followed by short burst of strokes. There's nothing more hot then hearing Sandra moaning as she masturbates you. I was in heaven. It reminded me how how jealous I was watching her earlier. It brought tears to me eyes.
Every now and then she would say something to tease me.
"Oh yeahh, feel so good, yeah you're really like it, yeahh."
I hold her close and kiss her. The hotness of her natural smell drives me crazy. Then thought how can she do this to me. How can she have an affair with another man. The thought rather than deter me, instead increased my sexual excitement that she was with someone just hours earlier. My reaction may surprise some but it really aroused me now.
"Oh yeah, you want me, yeah, you want me?" She teased.
"Oh god baby I want you badly." I moaned.
Then she opens her mouth, letting out thick droplets of her warm saliva directly onto my swollen head.
"Oh yeahh, oh yeah, oh god I feel so dirty now." She moans.
Her saliva runs down my shaft as she wraps her right hand around my erection and starts to twist up and down the shaft in a firm deliberate motion. I groaned in pleasure. Then she stares intensely at me and begins to masturbate me extremely fast then slowing down. She deliberately does this a few times and starts to talk dirty.
"Yeah, you really miss me, don't you, oh god it feels sooo...good." She teases. "You want me to finish you now, baby, make your big cock make a big mess, yeah."
She teasingly pumps her right hand in the air in an erotic manner before gripping me firmly and begin furiously masturbating me at speed. I immediately begin moaning. My body squirms and I begin pumping my pelvis up and down to meet her right hand. It felt incredible. She goes absolutely wild and frenzied. Her right hand becomes a blur. The hot erotic sound of her stroking fills the room. I lose control, my heads rolls and body squirms in pleasure. She moans excitedly, staring at me. That hot lustful look written over her blushing face. Her breathing becoming exhaustive. She was intense and enthusiastic like before. Suddenly I explode in seconds. Sandra squeals as my cum sprays out in all directions. And she continues pumping furiously until thick layers of my cum streaked the length of my shaft. I grab her hand to stop her. It elicits a hot smile from her.
"Oh yeah, you messy boy, I just love making you cum. She teases breathlessly. "I just love stroking a big hard cock."
Oh my god, she was incredible. Her words were hot but it made me think what she was really thinking. "I just love stroking big cocks" stayed in my head. Immediately I was thinking about her infidelity and that image of her going all out on that other man's penis. I become jealous again. She rest her head on my chest. I didn't say anything else. The she asked me a question.
"Is everything okay baby?"
"Everything is fine. I missed you Sandra.C. I thought a lot about you today." I honestly said.
"Your were so horny today. What's up?. I hope I pleased you." She smiled. "I miss you too."
I hugged her firmly, not knowing how long this relationship will continue now. I feel I now need to check on her. That other man will certainly make a move on her, now that he's had a taste of what she's like. Sandra stayed with me that night before the new week started.
Once again in the new week, a random message arrives on my phone. Again it was Sandra appearing like she invited some guy to her place. Bl...dy sl.t I thought, if she loss one message what about all one's that get through that I don't know about. I am not happy about her apparent infidelities still on going as I probably suspected. I don't know if it was some random guy or that same man from the other day. I decide to text her asking to meet tonight and sure enough she replied she couldn't as she was "tied up with some work."
So I decided to surprise her by going over to her place. At her address, she didn't appear to be at home. So I parked my car a few doors down from her place and stayed in the dark and waited. My heart pounds endlessly. Again I was both pissed and excited. What the f...k is she up to?, I thought. An hour later, I was virtually asleep, then the light of a vehicle appears. The car drives up her driveway and suddenly I am wide awake. In a couple of minutes Sandra comes out the passenger side, then mysteriously the car then drives away. I sat watching for a few minutes., thinking it appears innocence enough. But I know I can't trust her. She has already had sexual contact with some strange male already. The jealous thoughts start to cloud my head. But again I liked her too much to not make a clear decision on this. I open the car door and start to walk to her house, then intuitively I see another person walking towards me. I panicked and walked to the neighboring house. Sure enough it was that same man from the other day who got wanked by Sandra. He casually walks up to her front door. I felt like confronting him but I was getting a semi. I hid next door for a few minutes before moving. My heart races and again I get dry throat syndrome as get close to her house. Every mixed emotions suddenly appears. I can only imagine what's happening now. I wanted to hear them and catch them in the act. Again the voyeurism was turning me on. I approach the front porch and walk around to any window. Then I see her... I couldn't watch this anymore.
I decided to go home. I couldn't stop this affair from happening. I couldn't stop the sexual acts between them. It now made me angry. I didn't make anymore contact with her despite her trying to contact me. It simply wasn't emotional good for myself.
A few years have now passed but I have not forgotten her. "Sadly", I still every so often view the video. Every time I view the footage, it really arouses me. Sandra was part of my life. Seeing her as she was, was pretty hot. The amateur footage has now spawn many fantasies...
Then one day after work, while heading to take the train home, I see her. Its been a very long time. She looked stunning. Interestingly my heart starting pounding hard. I become "excited and shy like a bestowed schoolboy." I didn't know whether I should approach her. Then she spotted me and walks over.
"Oh my god, Jason, how are you?" She smiles.
"Hey I'm really good, now that I have seem you." I put on the charm. "You looked fantastic."
"What have you been up to?" She asked.
"So are you still working at that law firm, what's their name?" I asked quickly without answering her question.
"No but I am now a qualified solicitor." She replied proudly. "And you?"
"Guess what, I am the same." I replied also proudly. "But I work in the conveyance side now."
Then there was a pause, as we looked at each other. She was as sexy as ever. More so as she has matured now. She will be like me in our early 30s now.
"Are you single?" I boldly asked.
"I am actually...but only just recently." She added with flirtatious smile. "Do you want to catchup, just like old times."
"Yeah that's sounds great." I said with an excited voice.
She pulls out her business card and writes her number down and hands it over then gives me a little wave as she walked off.
"See you." She smiled.
My god suddenly that spark happens, just like all those years earlier. My heart skips a beat as I watched her walk away. I start pumping my fist in the air. I can only imagine what she's like now, as I grinned from ear to ear. You know what I mean...it will be another of my desires, a fantasy, as I walked away to catch my train.