This story is about the most beautiful woman I have ever known. Ok, I could be slightly tilted to the center here. She is my wife. But she is an awesome looking female with nice buttocks, great legs, and maybe the greatest breasts I have ever seen. When she enters a room every head turns to look , male and females. But they don't stop and look again, because they never look away they continue to stare.
Cheryl and I have been married for just short of ten years now. And we have been very busy doing all the very important things, like jobs, making money and having children. But the last year life caught up and we wanted more excitement in it.
Our sex life prior to our marriage was very slim for us both. I had enjoyed sex with 2 others before my wife. And I was Cheryl's first and only. We discussed it at length and she admitted that me being with others would upset her lots.
When she ask how I felt about it I told her I felt it was very unfair I had been with others and she had not. She was very turned on but shocked by this.
"You would let me enjoy sex with another man?"
"More than that, I think I would be very proud to have another mam know my wife as I do sexually."
"But you would only want it to happen once right?"
"If his penis was larger than mine and the sex was very good would you only want it to happen once?"
"No probably not and you could do that for me?"
"Yes I think so?"
We talked of lots of things and one was nude pictures. I bought a great camera and spent some bucks on it and I took lots of pictures of her. Slowly she displayed herself for the camera until she got to love it.
And then we moved outside. We were very careful where we shot them at first, but as we went along she got comfortable being naked outside. And I began to push and tease her. I finally told her that my desire was to put her in places she would be openly displayed and other man would see her.
She was surprised but I could tell she was turned on too.
We got much more risky with where I posed her and I began to use a good tele photo lens from a good distance away. We did lots of Stop signs, street signs, and even in front of public buildings. We had more and more fun with it.
I finally told Cheryl I wanted other men to catch her naked and for her to talk with them. She finally agreed. The next time out I posed her by a stop sign and I was up the road a long ways with the camera. A car came from behind her and stopped beside her. I could see 2 guys in the car and they began to chat with her. They talked to her several minutes before the passenger motioned for her to step closer. Which she did. He reached out and fondled one bare breast and then the other.
I had no idea where this was about to go but I was very turned on. She moved even closer to the car and his hand dropped down between her legs. Her hips came forward and I knew he was fingering her. He leaned out his window and I could see him sucking her nipples as he continued to finger her.
His door came open and he stepped out of the car. He moved to the back door and opened it for her and they stood talking. As they talked he pulled her slowly back toward the open back door. He kissed her again and I could see his hands on her bare buttocks. Then one move up over her naked breasts. My heart pounded and I was more excited than I have ever been.
I knew I actually wanted her to do it. I whispered for her to give in and do it. He eased her back closer to the open back door still kissing and fondling her. Slowly he backed her up behind the open door of the car. And then her ass was in and he followed her into the back seat and the door closed and the car turned west and drove off. I stood there stunned knowing the two guys had just driven off with my naked wife.
I also realized she had let them take her and she wanted what was to come. And for the first time I began to understand exactly what my desire to show her off to other men was really about. I now knew it was about much more than showing her. I had hoped the two would take her and I loved it they had. I was sure the man in the back seat with her was also naked now and was fucking my wife.
I had no idea where they had taken Cheryl, but I followed the direction they had gone. I had gone nearly four miles on the side road when I was sure I saw the car at a house near the road. I went on past and parked in an old drive. I walked back and as I circled the house I could hear people talking.
They were in the back yard and the three of them were naked. The guy who had gotten Cheryl into the car was taking pictures of her and the driver fucking.
"Pull her back some I want this to show you up inside her. Spread, good Honey so we can see him in you."
I could see the guy firmly up in my wife. Her vagina spread wide around his big cock and the other guy snapping pictures of them joined as lovers. I eased back taking no chance of being seen. I was very shocked my wife seemed completely willing to be photographed having sex with these strangers. But I was very turned on at the same time.
Cheryl had never looked sexier. And the photos looked to be quite good. I began to suspect these men might not be complete strangers. And that this might not be the first time they had done this.
I needed to think about this much more. I eased back went to our car and drove home. Cheryl arrived home nearly three hours later. I was more than just a little curious about what had gone on?
"We had done the shoot out by the old motel on high way 24 and there were cameras out there they saw us and what we were doing. Chuck called me and told me they had us on camera. I had to meet them. When I did, they told me they wanted me to pose for them. Once I was naked Chuck joined me and soon had his hands on me. And it went on and on until they had both fucked me on film."
"So now you are doing what they tell you?"
"Yes they are black mailing me."
"So what are they wanting to do besides fuck you?"
"Chuck tells me I am going to become a novelty porn star. They are hooked up with a group who wants real house wives in short films to market?"
"You are kidding so we need to stop this before they get you out there for sale?"
"Too late Chuck sent me down to the adult store on South 50th and I am out in all my glory in two films on the rack."
"Nude on the box for real?"
"Yes, and the second one shows me on the box face with Chucks cock up in me."
"Oh, that may be hard to hide?"
"Do you think? About all we can hope for now is just that no one sees them that knows us."
"Yes, maybe imposable because they want me to do more stuff."
"You mean more shoots with them?"
"More shoots but not just with them."
"You mean more men on film?"
"Yes, maybe several other men and how do I say no?"
"I don't see how you can?"
"David, you don't seem very upset that Chuck and Richard are fucking me?"
"I actually find it very sexy."
"You really are ok they have their cocks in your wife?"
"Cheryl I am so turned on that you now have had other lovers too."
"You wanted this to happen didn't you?"
"Well I would never have thought you would be on the shelf in a porn store on DVD fucking others."
"I got so hot when I saw my picture on the cover with chuck's cock in me."
"It turned you on?"
" I can not believe how sexy I felt when I saw it."
"What have they said about you and if you are done?"
"Not from what Chuck has said."
"So they want you to do more with them?"
"Ya maybe, but they have said they think maybe I will work with others?"
"Others? They want you to be with other men in their videos?"
"Yes I am to shoot with 3 other men this next week they said."
"You will be fucking 3 more men this week?"
"They told me I am going to work with some black men from now on."
"So are you going to do it?"
"I don't see a choice. Do I?"
"Do you want to do it?"
Cheryl was quiet for several minutes.
"Ya, I think maybe I do. It seems so sexy some how. And They are going to do a whole series of shoots of me and various men."
"What do you mean various men? How many men?"
"This week I am to do shoots with three different men. And I am to do more over the weekend."
"Three different black men?"
"Yes, the first shoot is tonight."
Cheryl came home after 11pm that night and we talked long after she did. She admitted she had been very curious about black men sexually. She rolled her eyes at me.
"My lover tonight did hold up to everything I had heard. I had to work hard to a just to his size, both in thickness and in length. He is VERY large. I liked it a lot and I worked to get his length completely in me. Once I did I was very surprised at how long he was able to last. The people doing the shoot were very happy with both of us, but they want us together several more times before they are finished with the shoot."
My wife who had only been sexually active with her husband had now been with three other men and was rapidly becoming a porn star and loving it. And was being displayed with these men on the covers of her sex DVDs in sex stores around the country. I was so surprised by my own reaction to her doing this. She had said she would be spending lots of time sexually before cameras for the next few days getting all the shots they wanted. And I found that I was very turned on she was to do this.
More than that she was to be with several other men doing it before the camera and I was excited she was going to have sex with more and more men. The public was going to be able to buy DVDs of Cheryl and men fucking and I had to admit I wanted them to see her doing it all.
I wanted to be able to buy them and see her doing it all too.