[All characters are 18 years or older.]


Anniversary Fling - Part-2


A sexy wife gets a free pass as an anniversary gift


Erotic Fiction


by


Casey Bea


Part-2


Sandy helps Reed explore his bi side in a hot three-way

(A short recap from part-1)
Inside the bungalow, Jay was pulling his shorts up over his finally-flaccid dick and he asked, "Can we, um, you know, maybe do this again? Tomorrow, maybe?"
"Nope," Sandy answered as she stood naked and glistening with perspiration in front of him. She gave him a kiss, and added, "You need to sow your last-fling oats as far and wide as you can while you have the chance so that after you're married you won't feel the need to cheat on your wife.Sharingis okay if the two of you decide to get into that, but don't ever betray her trust."
With those words of wisdom, she turned and went into the bathroom to take a shower.

***

With the action obviously over, when Reed watched from outside as his wife went into the bathroom. He picked up his shorts and walked to one of the public-access showers to clean up.

***

Half an hour later, Sandy was wearing a little yellow bikini and was sprawled on a lounge chair on the beach in front of their bungalow. She could have gone nude, of course, but she liked the tan lines that the tiny suit created. She thought they were sexy, and was pretty sure that most men thought so, too.
As she lay there with little caps over her eyes, she imagined picking up a couple of guys in the lounge before dinner. She hadn't had a three-way in years, and of course, there was that real-cock DP to be had. Maybe they would be bi, and she'd get to watch them suck each other's cocks. She'd actuallyneverexperienced that but found the thought hot as hell. With those pornographic images swirling in her head her pussy leaked into the little triangle of her bikini. She spread her legs a bit hoping that anyone passing by might notice her wet spot.
(Part-2)
Considering that she had just had her mouth and throat, her pussy, and her ass fucked by a young stud Sandy found herself to still be remarkably horny. It was a very pleasant throwback to the old days before she met Reed when it was rare for her to go two days without fuckingsomeone. And on those occasional "off days" she would usually satisfy herself with one of her dildos or vibrators.
Reed had turned her into a one-man woman, not only because of their deep, unconditional love for one another, but because he was able to satisfy just about all of her sexual needs, as well. Of course, he couldn't do much in the lesbian-sex department, but with the help of a life-like rubber dick, he did a pretty good job of even simulating the occasional MMF three-way.
She smiled at his surprise anniversary gift of letting her be single again while they were at the resort. When she occasionally told him about some of her sexual encounters in the days before she met him, he would often comment, "Man, I wish I could have been there to see that!" as he stroked his boner. So, she knew there was a bit of a self-serving voyeuristic component in his gift, as well. Knowing that he was watching her get fucked--three different ways--while some strange woman sucked his cock had kicked her arousal into overdrive.God, I love that man!she said to herself with a wide grin.

***

An hour later, Sandy had showered the sunblock off of her body while an older man watched from a discreet distance through the big window and rubbed his erection through his shorts. She exaggerated her motions and took her time to put on a show for him while pretending she didn't know he was there. She had expected--hoped--that he would take his cock out and jerk off while he watched her, but he never did. When she finally turned off the water, she shrugged and said to herself,To each his own. Maybe he's going for a big build-up for later on.
Dressed in a thigh-length wrap-around sarong with a bright floral print and her little black bikini top, Sandy walked to one of the open-air lounges. A small band that included a steel drum was playingDon't Worry Be Happyand she swiveled her hips in time to the music as she made her way to the bar.
She slid her ass up onto a stool next to a handsome, broad-chest guy probably in his forties, and let the sarong drape open to reveal her leg all the way up to her butt. "Buy a girl a drink?" she said to him.
The resort was all-inclusive, so there was no need tobuyher a drink, but he was more than happy toorderone for her. He smiled at her and said, "Are you sure you're old enough to be drinking, young lady? I may need to see some ID."
She lifted the little triangle of cloth that covered her right tit, and said, "I don't have my license on me; will this do?"
Her nipple was stiff from the excitement of flirting, and he answered with a chuckle, "That works for me!" and he waved the bartender over. "What're you having? My name's Jerry, by the way," he added and extended his hand.
She replaced her bikini top, answered, "A mai tai, thanks. I'm Sandy. Nice to meet you," and extended her hand to shake. She leaned over the bar to look past Jerry at the guy seated next to him, and asked, "Who's your friend?"
"Reed," he replied. "He was just telling me about the unimaginative girlfriend he just broke up with."
Reed had slipped back into their bungalow to get a change of clothes while Sandy was entertaining the old guy in the shower, so with his face being screened by Jerry she didn't recognize the other guy as her husband when she first approached the bar. Once she saw who it was, though, a plan materialized in her head.
She reached across and said, "Sandy. Pleased to meet you. You've come to the right place to forget your unimaginative girlfriend."
"I'm Reed," he replied as they shook as if they'd never met. "You seem to be right about that! The pleasure is mine, by the way."
"So whatguy stuffwere you two kibitzing about before I so rudely interrupted you?" Sandy asked.
"Sucking cock," Jerry answered. "It seems that Reed's ex wasn't very good at it. I was offering to show him how it's supposed to be done."
"You're bi?" she said. Then looking over at Reed, she said, "You too?"
"At the moment, I'd have to be classified as bi-curious," Reed answered. "But I'm looking forward to upgrading my status."
Sandy grinned, and said, "Well, if you don't mind an audience, I'd love to watch that! I think guys who are liberated and open-minded enough to suck each others' cocks are hot as hell!"
"Just watch?" Jerry said.
"Shit no!" she answered. "I haven't had a spit-roast or a DP in ages. My ex was the jealous type who'd get mad if I even smiled at a guy. Which I guess would have been okay if he was really good in bed and could make me forget about the guys who'd come before him." She chuckled, and added, "And bycome before him, I mean in my mouth, in my pussy, all over my face, and up my ass. His idea of kinky was poking me doggy style. I'm here to restart the sex-life I left behind."
Reed laughed, and said, "Well, you've certainly come to the right place for that!"
Twenty minutes later they had finished their drinks while chatting, and Sandy led them back to her bungalow.
Looking around as if he'd never been there before, Reed said, "Wow! This is nice! Right on the beach; ocean view! I've got one room and a bath with a herd of buffalo above me."
Jerry took Sandy into an embrace and kissed her passionately. Reed moved in behind her and began kissing her neck and fondling her tits under her bikini top. She rotated her hips, enjoying the feel of one hard cock rubbing her pussy mound and another pressing into her ass crack even through the layers of fabric of their shorts and her sarong.
As she and Jerry sucked one another's tongues, Sandy reached up and took one of her husband's hands and slid it down across her belly. But then she lifted it and pushed it down the front of Jerry's shorts.
Reed got the message and as he sucked on his wife's earlobe, he managed to get his fist around the first live cock he had ever held, aside from his own. In the awkward position, he stroked it the best he could while at the same time grinding his fist against Sandy's mound. All three of them let out little moans of pleasure.
"Okay!" Sandy said after breaking the kiss with Jerry. "I need to see some cock sucking! And Reed, sweetheart, I think it's time you had your curiosity satisfied!"
Seconds later, they were all naked and after giving her husband a hot kiss she pushed him to his knees in front of Jerry's boner. He looked over at the glass sliding-door with its drapes pulled all the way open, and feigning nervousness, he said, "Um, what about that?"
"Oh, you're right!" Sandy said. She walked over to the door, but instead of drawing the drapes closed, she slid the door open, and then said with a laugh, "If anyone's going to watch us, they should be able to hear, as well. You boys don't have a problem with a little exhibitionism, do you?"
"Not me!" Jerry said.
"I, um, I guess not," Reed answered still feigning reluctance.
"Relax," Sandy said as she walked back to them. "You'll feel like a porn star once you get an audience." She stood behind Reed and rubbed her pussy-mound against the back of his head. She then took Jerry's drooling, downward-angled cock and lifted it to line up with her husband's mouth. She leaned in, pushing his head forward, and said, "Let's get this party started!"
Reed let the glistening knob push his lips apart and he sucked and washed his tongue over it as it went into his mouth. Although the life-like, silicone dildo--that Sandy had named Johnny--was about the same size as Jerry's cock, the differences registered immediately and caused Reed's own cock to stiffen even more and to issue a drool of pre-cum onto the floor.
There was the taste of Jerry's pre-cum mixed with the musk of his masculinity--Johnny had a distinct plastic taste to it; there was the wonderful squishiness of Jerry's fat cock-head that contrasted with the remarkable hardness of his shaft--Johnny had the same stiff-rubber flexibility the whole was down; There was the depth to which Reed could get the tip of his tongue into Jerry's pee-hole where Johnny had a molded slit at the tip of the knob, but no real hole at all; and there was the temperature. Jerry's blood-engorged cock felt surprisingly and wonderfully hot in Reed's mouth. Johnny, even after it had been used to fuck Sandy's cunt, was barely above room temperature.
The combination of sensations was intoxicating and Reed began bobbing his head and sucking and lapping his first flesh-and-blood cock, giving it the kind of enthusiastic blowjob that his wife often gave him. He reached up and with one hand he fondled and massaged Jerry's balls, while he wrapped his other fist around the shaven base of his erection so he could keep it lined up with his mouth when he occasionally pulled all the way off with a suckingpop!
"Well, you're taking to sucking dick like a duck takes to water!" Sandy said with a chuckle as her husband bobbed up and down their new friend's hard cock.
Reed popped his mouth off Jerry's dick and replied, "I might have practiced with a dildo once or twice."
"Well, practice makes perfect, of course, but there's no substitute for the real thing," she said.
"Fuck no!" Reed agreed and locked his lips around Jerry's thick-ridged knob and poked his pee-hole while he sucked.
Sandy reached around Jerry and grabbed his naked ass then rocked her hips forward as she pulled on his butt. Sandwiched between them, she pushed her husband's mouth down the length of Jerry's cock and forced it into his throat. "Have you practicedthis?" she asked as she held him impaled on the thick boner.
She knew he had, of course; she had taught him how to deep-throat Johnny long ago. She pulled her husband's fist away from Jerry's cock and gave his head another hip-thrust, driving his lips all the way to the root. When he didn't try to pull away or exhibit any gag or lurch, Sandy said, "Oh, youhavepracticed that,haven'tyou? You'reverycurious!" She then told him, "Stick your tongue out, and lick his balls!"
That was another disappointment with Johnny; its ball-sack was just a tight, wrinkled bulge of rubber that only vaguely resembled a guy's retracted nuts on a cold morning. Reed extended his tongue out from under Jerry's cock and mashed his scrotum up against its base so he could lap at the pliable flesh of the sack and the two big testicles inside. He opened his mouth as wide as he could and tried to stuff at least one of Jerry's balls inside along with his fat cock. He quickly realized that wasn't going to happen, though, and gave up before he caused Jerry some real pain. By that time, of course, it was time to breathe.
Reed pushed on Jerry's legs and extricated his cock from his throat, but not all the way out of his mouth. As he flicked the squishy knob with his tongue he drew in a few deep breaths around it.
Jerry let out a low moan, and said, "Fuck! I've never had a guy do that to me before! I thought women had some special way of turning off their gag reflex that guys didn't."
"Silly boy!" Sandy said with a little laugh. "I'm sure Reed will be happy to explain how that's done so you can impress all your friends." She then traced her fingers lightly over her husband's face and closed his lips around Jerry's cock. "Do that again! That is so frigging hot to watch!"
Reed took hold of Jerry's ass and pulled himself forward, driving his boner into his throat again. He forced his face into Jerry's belly and then rocked his head to get his knob as far down his esophagus as he could.
"Oh, fuck!" Jerry groaned and pulled Sandy in for a steaming kiss, trapping Reed's head between their bellies. Sandy took the opportunity to hump the back of her husband's head with her pussy mound. A hard shove forced another half-inch of cock down his throat. She reached down and cupped her hand under her husband's throat, stroking the bulge made by Jerry's cock, and mumbled, "Fuck, that is hot!" into Jerry's mouth as they continued to kiss.
Needing a breath, Reed pushed them apart once again, and after a few gulps of air, he looked up at Jerry, and said, "Fuck my mouth!"
Jerry put his hands on the sides of Reed's head and began rocking his hips while Reed kept his lips closed tightly around the poking shaft and his tongue firmly against its underside. Every fifth or sixth mouth-fuck, Jerry would pull Reed's head forward and shove his boner down his throat. On the third drive deep into Reed's throat, Jerry held his head impaled on his shaft and groaned, "Holy shit! This may be the best blowjob I've ever had, manorwoman!"
"How about manandwoman?" Sandy said as she went to her knees beside her husband. She put her cheek against his and opened her mouth.
"Oh, fuck!" Jerry moaned as he pulled his cock from Reed's mouth and directed it to Sandy's. As he pushed it between her lips she grabbed his ass to make sure he kept going and on the first shove took his fat dick all the way down her throat. "Oh, fuck!" Jerry repeated as he held her head and rocked his hips.
Reed kissed one side of his wife's lips, stretched into an O by Jerry's cock, and reached down between her legs at the same time. Her pussy was dripping and he put two fingers together and pushed them up into her cunt until his knuckles were mashed into her engorged pussy lips.
Sandy let out a gurgled groan around the dick filling her throat and then pulled back while her husband's lips stayed attached to hers and kissed the slimy erection as it exited her mouth. When the fat, glistening knob appeared, they both kissed and licked it as Sandy caught her breath.
With Reed's fingers up her cunt and his fist mashed into and twisting against her enflamed pussy-lips, Sandy said, "I need to fuck! I need a stiff cock shoved up my cunt, right now!"
Moments later, they were all on the bed with Sandy on her hands and knees, Reed behind her, and Jerry in front. Reed rubbed his knob across his wife's mouth as Jerry pulled his cock-head up and down through her soaked pussy lips. The two men nodded at each other and then rocked forward, pushing their respective cocks up Sandy's cunt and into her mouth at the same time. Jerry kept going until his hips were pressed against her ass, and Reed pushed his cock all the way down her throat.
A gurgled moan escaped Sandy's cock-stretched throat. She had almost forgotten how grand it felt to be stuffed full by two cocks at the same time.
The two men then began fucking her mouth and cunt. Reed held her hips and banged in and out of her pussy, and Jerry held her head while he fucked her mouth so she barely rocked back and forth, at all; she was just being used as a fuck-toy and she loved it!
After they had been spit-roasting her for a while, Sandy pushed her husband back, and said, "Okay, guys, DP time!"
"Dibs on your ass!" Jerry said quickly. As he was fucking her cunt he had been staring at her little brown pucker and imagining how fantastic it would feel stretched tightly around his cock.
Sandy chuckled as Jerry withdrew his dick from her pussy, and said, "Maybe you can take turns."
Moments later, Reed was on his back and Sandy had straddled him cowgirl, lowering her cunt down onto his erection. With her torso upright she buried it all the way up her pussy until she was sitting on her husband's hips. She then began twerking her hips to give herself a deep self-controlled fuck.
"Holy shit!" Reed moaned as he reached up and grabbed and mauled her tits.
With a build-up of slimy saliva generated by Jerry's throat-fuck, she spit into her hand and then laid down across her husband. She reached back, slathered the slime onto her asshole, and said, "Nothing better than all-natural lube! Spit on your dick and shove that thing up my ass!"
Jerry wiped a palm full of thick spit over his knob and down the length of his cock, adding it to Sandy's pussy juice as he crawled forward between the four legs spread before him. With Reed's dick buried deep in her cunt, Jerry lined his cock-head up on her pucker and used his thumb to force it into the tight little ring.
Although she had had her ass stretched by Jay's young cock earlier in the day her sphincter had regained all of its taut elasticity, and Jerry let out a moan at the sight and feeling of her asshole swallowing his cock-head. He stopped with the ring of flesh firmly constricted around the neck of his dick, and said, "Oh, man! Your tight little asshole is freaking awesome! You okay if I tip-fuck it a few times?"
"Go for it! I like that part, too!" she answered.
With Sandy holding herself still, Reed humped his cock up into his wife's pussy as Jerry pulled and pushed his knob in and out of her ass. On the fourth insertion, he kept going and a moment later she had two hard cocks stuffed inside her, separated from each other by only a few layers of flesh. Although she and Reed had done DP's with "Johnny" the dildo there was nothing quite like the real thing! Sandy hadn't realized how much she missed it!
That same real-thing thought went for Reed, as well. The feeling of Jerry's cock rubbing across his dick inside of his wife was unlike anything that Johnny had ever provided.
After a while of shoving his cock in and out of Sandy's ass and across the other boner fucking her cunt, Jerry suggested, "Are you guys ready to switch? I could fuck your tight little ass all day long, Sandy, but I'm a sharing kind of guy."
Sandy laughed, and said, "That's very generous of you share my asshole. But, yeah, let's give Reed some equal time back there."
"I don't know how much longer I'm going to be able to last without my balls exploding," Reed said, "but there's something else I'd really like to try now that I've crossed over to the bi side. I want to eat your pussy while he fucks you!"
"Oh, a fuck-lick!" Sandy said. "Hell yes!"
They had tried this with Johnny, of course, but it was a hard act to accurately simulate with a dildo and just two people.
A few moments later the trio was rearranged with Reed still on his back and Sandy turned around into a sixty-nine on top of him.
Although Sandy had cleaned her ass out thoroughly, Jerry used a pillowcase to wipe off his dick before putting it into somebody's mouth.
He crawled up behind Sandy, rubbed his knob through her pussy lips, and then angled it downward to allow Reed to adjust himself into a good position to be able to lick Sandy's pussy and to get his mouth fucked, as well.
After a little scooch closer to Jerry, Reed gave his knob a tongue-swirling suck then lifted his head and with his lips and tongue he transferred the squishy, hot, cock-head to his wife's dripping pussy lips.
Jerry rocked his hips forward and pushed his cock into Sandy's cunt as Reed pressed his mouth against the stiff boner and his wife's pussy lips as they spread to accept their guest.
Jerry took hold of Sandy's hips and began fucking her vigorously as Reed lapped and sucked the pussy-juice that the onslaught was causing his wife's cunt to generate. Every once in a while Jerry would pull all the way out of Sandy's pussy, stick his cock in Reed's mouth, and fuckhima few times.
The arrangement of Reed's head between Sandy's legs made it impossible for Jerry to lean in far enough to get his dick down Reed's throat from his kneeling position, and Sandy recognized that shortcoming, too. She pivoted forward on her elbows and knees, flattening herself on top of her husband to more fully expose his head, and Jerry took immediate advantage of the new arrangement by laying himself across Sandy's back and shoving his cock down Reed's throat. He humped his mouth and throat several times before pushing himself back up while groaning, "Oh, my fucking God! I've had three-ways before, but nothing like this!" He grabbed Sandy's hips to get her ass back up into fucking position and then drove his cock balls-deep in one shove.
Swallowing and catching his breath from the throat assault he'd just gotten, Reed watched as another man's stiff cock jabbed in and out of his wife's cunt inches in front of his face. Did this make him a cuckold he wondered? Probably not, he decided. Inhismind, a cuckold was forced to look on as another guy satisfied his wife because he couldn't. There was no force going onhere! He was a willing participant in sharing his hot wife!
With Jerry's cock stuffed all the way up Sandy's cunt, she bent her head down and took her husband's drooling dick down her throat. Reed moaned and then raised his head to cover her stretched pussy lips with his mouth and mash his tongue into her clit.
Jerry began fucking Sandy in earnest, going from slow, full-depth and forceful plunges to rapid half-depth jabs, to all-the-way-out extractions so he could feel his fat knob spreading her pussy-lips when he stuck it back in.
Reed especially liked the re-entries! He used his mouth and tongue to make sure Jerry's cock stayed lined up, and felt Sandy's pussy stretch under his lips as the fat knob popped inside her. And there was something weirdly erotic and arousing about having Jerry's balls mashed against his forehead when he would push his cock all the way up his loving wife's cunt.
Sandy was the first to reach her orgasm. She growled, "Oh, shit! Fuck me, Jerry! Fuck my cunt!" As her pussy constricted around Jerry's cock, she wrapped her fist tightly around her husband's slimy boner and began beating furiously.
Jerry felt Sandy's pussy tighten and even as she was telling him to, he was quickening the pace of his fucks, keeping them short and fast, keeping the grip of her cunt concentrated on the most sensitive first few inches of his cock. "Oh, Christ!" he growled. "Your tight fucking cunt is going to make me cum!"
As his wife's hot cunt-juice began gushing out around the cock that was driving her orgasm, Reed sucked up all that he could while continuing to rub her clit with his tongue. He knew she loved clit stimulation while she was cumming.
Jerry was obviously getting ready to cum, as well, and Reed couldn't decide how he wanted to experience that. Being new to real-live bi, he wanted to feel and taste a cock shoot its steaming cum directly into his mouth, but he also loved eating his own cream pie from his wife's freshly-fucked cunt. The idea of sucking up the leaking jism as Jerry pumped his load into Sandy's guts, and then latching onto her pussy to pull the rest of it out was equally enticing.
The decision ended up being made by Sandy. "Blow your load in his mouth!" she commanded Jerry as she hammered away at her husband's cock. "Jerk off in his mouth! I'm sure he's eaten cream pies before, but it's time he got his first fresh-from-the-cock mouthful of hot cum!"
Reed groaned at well his wife knew him!
Sandy was not quite finished with her orgasm when Jerry pulled his cock out of her gushing pussy to begin beating it. Rather than being disappointed, though, she spun herself around so she could watch and participate in her husband taking his first load of jism right from the source.
She sat down across Reed's hips, mashing his boner between her drenched pussy and his belly and she began rocking her hips. She humped his cock hard, dragging her clit up and back along its full length, and almost immediately had her orgasm back to a full boil.
She reached out and put her hands on the sides of her husband's face and crooked her thumbs into his mouth. "Open wide, Mr. Bi-curious!" she said as she forced his lower jaw down. "I'll bet you've dreamed about getting a load of hot cum blown into your mouth straight out of a fat cock, haven't you?"
With his mouth wide open, all Reed could manage was "Uh, huh!" in response as he looked up at the glistening cock, inches above his face while Jerry concentrated his fast strokes right behind his knob, using Sandy's fresh pussy-juice as lubricant.
Jerry groaned, "Oh, yeah! Here we go! Here we go!" and aimed his cock into Reed's mouth.
After getting two deep-throat blowjobs, fucking Sandy's cunt then her ass then her cunt again--and occasionally Reed's mouth--Jerry had a massive load of cum built up and he growled loudly as it forced its way up through his cock and erupted from his pee hole.
The first shot of Jerry's cum against Reed's tongue was so powerful and lasted so long that Reed wondered for a moment if their new friend was peeing in his mouth! But then he picked up on the taste and the thickness of the fluid and he knew it was fresh, hot cum.
With his mouth held open by his wife, Reed couldn't swallow, but he danced his tongue around, playing with the growing pool of jism as Jerry stroked a second spurt of cum from his cock.
With her pussy gushing all over her husband's pinned boner, Sandy told Jerry, "Stick it in his mouth! Let him suck the cum right out of your nuts!"
Jerry put his knob in Reed's mouth and continued to jerk off as Reed clamped his lips around its fat ridge. Reed swallowed the accumulated deposit of jism--far more than any load of his own cum that he had ever swallowed before--and sucked on the squirting, throbbing cock-head while he swirled his tongue all over it.
When Jerry finally grunted out the last few drops of his cum and had to pull his super-sensitive knob from Reed's lips, Sandy bent down and immediately clamped her mouth over her husband's. Their tongues danced and they squished the jism that Reed had yet to swallow back and forth before they each swallowed a share.
Sandy climbed off of her husband, freeing his pussy-drenched cock, and said to Jerry, "Okay, on your knees! Let's see whatyoucan do with a stiff dick!"
Moments later, Reed was standing in front of Jerry getting a world-class blowjob. Jerry sucked and tongued his knob as he stroked his shaft and fondled his balls. When he began bobbing up and down on the stiff boner, he never got more than two-thirds of it into his mouth.
Standing behind him with her sopping-wet pussy rubbing the back of his head and her fingers caressing his hollowed cheeks, Sandy asked Jerry, "You want to learn how to take that cock down your throat? You'll impress the shit out of all your bi friends, menandwomen!"
He pulled off Reed's dick, and said, "Yeah! How the hell do you do that without heaving your guts out?"
"Speed," Reed answered. "The trick is to get past your gag reflex before it can react. Turns out that once you have a cockinyour throat, you don't feel the need to gag anymore."
"Really? That's it?" Jerry replied. He turned his head and asked Sandy, "That's how it works for you, too?"
"Yup!" she replied. "Oh, and when you pull off, do that quickly, too. The gag reflex works going inandout." She rubbed her pussy against his head and as she caressed his throat with her fingers, she asked, "Are you ready? You want to go on three?"
"Okay," he said and took Reed's boner back into his mouth. He bobbed a few times making sure it was good and wet, and then said around it, "Uh-kay."
Reed took hold of his wife's naked ass with Jerry's head sandwiched between them. Sandy winked at her husband, and silently mouthed "On two," and he nodded his understanding that surprise often worked best the first time.
Sandy counted, "One ... two ..." and then Reed pulled on her ass at the same time he thrust his hips forward. His knob squished and pushed into the snug restriction of Jerry's throat and with his cock buried deep in his esophagus, Reed moaned, "Oh, fuck, yeah! Well done, man! Welcome to the throat club!"
They held him impaled between them for only five seconds or so and then Sandy backed away, pulling Jerry's head back quickly. Jerry held his mouth open as he gulped air and wiped a string of spit from his chin. He blinked a few times--the stretch of his throat having made his eyes water--and then said, "Shit! That's all there is to it?"
"Easy peasy," Sandy said. "You want to try it again? His dick felt amazing bulging your throat, by the way!"
"Shit yes!" he answered. To Reed, he said, "Fuck my mouth, buddy! Fuck that fat cock right down my throat!"
Reed took hold of Jerry's head and began rocking his hips, pistoning his dick in and out of his mouth. Again without warning, he pulled hard on his head and drove his cock down his throat. Reed held Jerry's face pressed against his belly as he wiggled his hips, getting every last bit of his boner in Jerry's mouth and down his throat.
Reed held Jerry's head tightly against his stomach for ten seconds or so and then let him go. But Jerry didn't pull back immediately. Instead, he grabbed Reed's ass and held himself impaled foranotherten seconds or more. When he finally pulled back--leaving a thick web of throat-slime between his lips and Reed's dick-head--he took only a few breaths and then plunged himself right back down Reed's cock, rocking his head to bury it deep and to mash his lips into Reed's pubes.
Reed put his hands lightly on the back of Jerry's head as encouragement, and said, "Fuck, man! You catch on fast! You give me about three more throat-pokes like that and I'm gonna fill your mouth with a load of hot cum!"
Jerry pulled back and took Reed's slippery cock in his hand and gave it several hard, fast strokes. "Sounds like a deal to me!" he said. He then leaned in, took Reed's boner back down his gullet and bobbed a few inches, getting Reed's fat, squishy knob to fuck in and out of his throat.
"Holy fuck!" Reed groaned.
"You're a cock-sucking, deep-throating natural!" Sandy said to Jerry with a little laugh. "Your friends are going to be thrilled at your new talent the next time you get together!" She squatted down beside him and took his fully resurrected cock in her hand. As she stroked it, she looked at his throat, bulged with her husband's dick, and said, "God damn, that is hot!" When he finally pulled back off of Reed's boner, Sandy reached up and said, "Spit some of that slime into my hand so I can jerk you off properly!"
As Sandy slathered the thick, slippery throat-juice down Jerry's dick, he bobbed and sucked on Reed's cock. As much as he was enjoying his new-found ability to get a fat dick down his throat without puking, he still enjoyed the feel and taste and even the sounds of a plain old blowjob. The squishiness of the cock-head as he sucked on it; the little web of skin that transected the cleftunderthe cock-head; the pee hole; the ripples and bulges of the veins and muscle of the inflated cock as it passed in and out of his tightly-closed lips. These were the things that made Jerry stay bi once he had tried it after losing a bet at that party back in college.
After having just blown his load into Reed's mouth, Jerry knew he was a long way from another orgasm, but damn! Sandy's aggressive hand-job, using his own natural lube, felt awesome! She was rubbing her palm and fingers over his slippery knob, and when she pulled her tightly closed fist down the length of his cock, he leaned forward and drove Reed's dick back down his throat.
As Sandy watched his throat expand once more, she picked up the pace and intensity of her stroking. "Oh yeah!" she moaned into his ear. "Fuck that fat cock with your throat, Jerry! Get his hot cum boiling in his balls so he can fill your mouth with it! Shit, that is so hot!"
Jerry began bobbing his head up and down Reed's cock as fast as he could, taking it all the way down his throat on every third or fourth bob.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" Reed groaned as his orgasm quickly built.
"Suck it, Jerry! Suck his fat knob while he blows his cum in your mouth!" Sandy said as she concentrated her hand-job on his own knob and sensitive little cleft.
Jerry pulled back but left Reed's cock-head in his mouth, sucking and dancing his tongue all over it while Reed began jerking off the rest of his cock. Within seconds, Reed groaned, "Oh, Christ!" as his load of thick cum forced its way up through his stiff cock and shot into Jerry's mouth.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Reed growled as he pumped squirt after squirt of jism into Reed's sucking mouth. Having jerked off countless times, Reed knew that his own bodily functions were forcing his semen from his cock, but he had to believe that Jerry's forceful sucking was adding to the intensity and probably the volume of his orgasm.
Just as the post-orgasm sensitivity of Reed's knob forced him to pull it from Jerry's mouth, and as Jerry swirled the pool of hot, salty cum around with his tongue, Sandy achieved the near-impossible and got Jerry's cock to squirt as well. It wasn't a big orgasm, but as she jerked him off onto the floor, he groaned, "Oh, fuck!" and then swallowed the mouthful of cum that Reed had deposited there.

***

Twenty minutes later, they had all showered together and Jerry had left with his profound thanks and a promise to keep his eye out for Sandy and Reed.
As Sandy pulled a light summer dress on over her naked body and Reed stepped into his shorts--going commando--he asked, "So, is being single again everything you remember?"
"Oh, I'm having so much fun, baby!" she answered. "But I swear to God it would not be half as much fun without you being here and watching me and joining in pretending to be a total stranger. Thank you, so much, Reed! I think we should do this for every anniversary!"
"Why just anniversaries?" he asked as he pulled on a bright Hawaiian-print shirt. "What if we had an open marriage all year round? I don't mean like every weekend, but, you know, once in a while we could get together with someone else."
"Anyone specific in mind?" she asked, obviously open to the idea.
"Actually, no," he answered. "Until these last couple of days, being in the swinging lifestyle had never really occurred to me. Well, maybe in fantasy, but not in reality. But I'm sure there are plenty of sites where we can find like-minded couples--or singles--in our area back home."
She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him hard, and then said, "God, I love you so much! How freaking lucky am I?"
"About half as lucky asme!" he replied and kissed her again.
When they broke the kiss, but while they still held each other, Sandy said, "I, um, I have kind of a confession to make ... and a request."
"Okay," Reed replied.
"You know Ron Bentley from the accounting department where I work?" she asked.
"Yeah," he answered in a slightly questioning tone, wondering if she had already opened their marriage without him. "I've met him at your company parties."
"Well, I would really like to fuck him!" she went on. "And I haven't, in case you're wondering, but Christ he makes me horny!"
"How so?" Reed asked.
"Oh, I don't know. His looks, his sense of humor, his playfulness--we flirt all the time. And there's the aftershave or cologne that he wears that can make my pussy tingle when I smell it."
"So, you flirt with him and he makes your pussy wet but you've never fucked him?" Reed asked with well-acted seriousness. In fact, he found the prospect of his wife with this handsome other-man to be arousing. "Have you ever kissed him?"
"Yes," she confessed. "It was the New Year's party last year, you know, just to celebrate the New Year. But I swear, there's never been anything more between us!"
"Too bad," Reed replied with a grin, letting her off the hook. "He probably would have enjoyed a Happy New Year blowjob in the men's room. I think you should ratchet up your flirting when we get back, and see if he's interested in a three-way."
"Oh God, baby!" she said with a huge smile. "Did I happen to mention that I love you?"

***

Walking toward one of the lounges for a drink, they passed a venue hall and peeked inside to see what the gathering was. With a handsome young man in a tux and a pretty young woman in a body-hugging white gown on a raised platform at the front of the room, it was obviously a wedding.
A man just inside the door asked quietly, "Are you with the bride or the groom?"
"Oh, we don't know either of them," Reed said. "We're just being nosy."
"So, is this a real wedding?" Sandy asked. "Or a fantasy being acted out?"
"This is a reenactment of the wedding the way the bride and groomwantedit to be," the man--one of the staff from the resort--replied. "But with parents, grandparents, and kids there, they had to settle for the traditional ceremony. So, they're here with some of the wedding party and a few friends to do it the way they really wanted."
Looking at the twenty or so people seated in the room, Reed said, "Afewfriends?"
"Oh, most of those are guests here at the resort," the man said. "The couple has opened their celebration to anyone who cares to join in." He gestured toward the chairs, and added, "Please go in and have a seat. I think they're just about to get started."
(Continued in Part-3)
Please take a moment to vote and to leave a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey