The next day, Jenne decided to surprise Angela when next she saw her. She had an interesting idea for an afternoon excursion. Her entire day seemed to drag, as she anticipated her plan.
During lunch, she went to several stores and bought a variety of interesting outfits, including an incredibly slutty dress for her night out at the club on Friday.
Her coworker had another shock, as Jenne managed to "accidentally" give him a peek at her now hairless mound. The poor guy was in torment, but in a good way, Jenne thought.
Finally, it was time to go, and Jenne headed to the Tattoo parlor/Piercing studio that Jenne had told her about. She walked into the small shop, relieved to see it was clean, and not filled with a bunch of scary looking people.
The guy working in the shop was in his twenties, had a shaved head, and had a fair number of tattoos. Jenne was momentarily taken aback, somehow expecting that she would be seeing a woman for this.
"Can I help you?"
"Hi, yes, I was looking for a piercing."
"Sure, I can help you with that. What are you looking for?"
"I was looking for a navel piercing" she hesitantly replied.
"Sure thing, come into the back."
She mentally kicked herself. She was chickening out. Still somewhat paralyzed by the situation, she let the guy sit her down. When he asked, she bared her navel. He took a needle, and a sharp pain later, she had a navel ring.
She took a deep breath, admiring the now throbbing piercing, and came to a decision.
"That wasn't really what I was planning on. I guess I was expecting to deal with a woman. What I'm really here for is a clit hood pierce".
"Ah! You should have said so! Sorry you were uncomfortable asking that, but honestly, I've done thousands of them, it's not the first I've seen!" He laughed.
"Well, I think I still want to do it."
"Great - believe it or not - that was more painful. At least from what the girls tell me. Go ahead and take off your skirt and panties and we can get it done".
Jenne stood up and unzipped her skirt. When the guy noticed the lack of panties, he raised an eyebrow, smiled and gestured for her to sit back down. A short while and a sharp pain later it was done.
"Anything else I can do for you?"
She thought of Angela's nipple piercing, realized that this didn't hurt that badly and went for broke. She stood up, removed her blouse and bra. Completely naked in front of this stranger she simply said, "both of them."
Ten minutes later, with instructions for keeping clean, extra jewelry, and several throbbing new piercings, Jenne got dressed and headed home.
She stood in front of her mirror, turned on, despite the pain. She couldn't help but touch the new piercings - She looked like a slut, and it was great.
Realizing that she had to be careful of her new jewelry, she decided to use a different toy. One of the vibrators she bought was long and thin, with an egg-shaped head. She took out some K-Y Jelly, slathered it on. She got on her bed, on her knees, and balanced herself on one elbow.
With the other hand, she gently introduced the head of the lightly humming vibrator to her virgin asshole. She relaxed her sphincter, and applying firm steady pressure, inserted the toy. After a small amount of pleasure/pain as the egg stretched the sphincter muscle, it popped in, she pushed it in deeper, marvelling at the unfamiliar, yet pleasurable sensation. She let go of the vibrator, leaving it inserted, and picked up the small egg shaped device. She inserted it into her vagina, following the attached wire down to a small box. She turned it on, and within seconds, the twin intense pleasures had her weak-kneed.
She held on to the anal probe, and in ever faster rhythm, pushed it deeper into her rectum. It finally hit a point where the pleasure intensified, and the dual sensation of the vibrations through the wall between her two holes, caused an intense orgasm unlike any she had ever experience. It went on in waves for a minute or two, so intense she fell to her side, still wracked with pleasure like nothing else.
After her mind-shattering orgasm, she cleaned up and fell immediately asleep, another wild day behind her. Today, she'd crossed a bridge, marking herself with her new identity. More changes were sure to come along.