After an evening bubble bath to relax herself Margo Needy crawled out and dried off. Wrapping her towel about her she let out her bath water and prowled the halls, still wet. After her heated debate with roomie Heath Talbot over dominance she tried to sort out exactly how to do what he wanted without losing her identity. While loving sex and being dominated was all good, living life as a fulltime slave just wasn't what she wanted. Roleplay while perfect in her mind was just not enough for Heath. For any of her roommates for that matter. At least Cabot and Eric were negotiable, thus far. Heath and Brian leaning more toward control over her. They were contemplating toward absolute ownership. Was that even possible?
Exploring the halls she finds all four of their bedroom doors wide open, yet they were no where in sight. Journeying downstairs she finally hears voices coming from the basement family room. Tempted to just overhear them she felt lured in by an unseen force, her little devil telling her to get down there. She listened to Hotstuff and flicked her angel from her other shoulder. Margo Needy wanted to live bad, not good. At least at the moment. Feathers went flying.
Down the steps she went to confront the boys. Tonight one of the rare nights that they all had off together the four sat downstairs drinking beer and shooting the shit. To her surprise there was another visitor, Brian's brother Jeff sat in on the conversation about nothing.
"Jeffrey." Excited to see him Margo shuffles by everyone and plops down in Jeff's lap sitting sideways, her legs poised outward toward his brother Brian. Hugging him tightly he grinned from ear to ear.
"Hey beautiful. Damn you smell yummy." He rubs her long legs as they drape over his lap.
"Cotton candy bath beads."
"Nice. Reminds me the County Fair should be around the corner. Corndogs and Ferris Wheels. Good times."
"What are my loving sons up to this evening?" She leers about at the others. "Dare I ask?"
"Talking about girls." Cabot sighed.
"These girls?" She unwraps her towel and abandons it for nudity. Jeff wasted no time choosing a lady friend in palming a tit.
"Good looking girls."
"Ready for that family talk?" Heath cleared his throat and got right to the point.
"If you like Master."
"Master?" All four of the other boys eye Heath with curiosity.
"Margo has something to tell us. Doesn't she?" Heath held any smile wanting to be expressed in check.
"Yes Master. I live to serve all of you. From here on I will call each of you Master and serve you all as you desire of me." She would feed their fantasies until it became necessary to stand up for herself. For now she just wanted their full attentions and if that meant giving in, so be it.
"Now that's what I'm talking about." Brian slaps the coffee table with both hands repeatedly like a drum. "I hoped that gangbang got you thinking."
"May I speak freely my Masters?"
Cabot quickly jumped in with, "HOLD UP! We're taking this crap too far guys. Margo owns this house we're just living here. In my mind that makes her the Master."
"Speak up." Eric showing signs of leeriness, also defended her.
"I need all of you, including you Master Heath to listen to me very closely. Once I've said what I need to say I will bite my tongue unless I feel the need to exercize my rights. Jeffrey?"
"Yeah?"
"I might need you to stop kissing my nipple I can't think straight." She giggles.
"Nope. Keep talking." He continues nibbling at her, she smiles fanning herself trying to stay focussed.
"First off I want you boys to understand that at times I will need my freedom to make up my own mind on things. If I do get my Bed & Breakfast off the ground I'll need to run the place. I've considered talking to my friend Elena about helping me manage the place when and if I get the money to build on to my home."
"Elena hot?" Brian perked up.
"Extremely hot. She was a model as well. We toured together on the fashion circuit. Look her up on your cellphone, her full name is Elena Kerrington." Brian does just that as Cabot moves next to him in his search. While they perused the web she continued. "I want nothing more than to be everything you boys want of me. I will absolutely serve all of you sexually, calling each of you Master would be my honor. I just need you boys to give me room to be myself too."
"That's not 100%." Heath sits forward with a stern scowl.
"No. I cannot offer any of you 100% Heath...Master. Sexually yes 100%. Life in general not so much. If you cannot agree to that, then you Sir need to decide if you wish to stay in my home or leave. I will not kick you out. You know I want you here. However, the choice is yours."
"Good enough for me." Jeffrey lifts away from her breast to acknowledge his vote.
"You don't live here yet. Your vote doesn't count." Heath shakes his head.
"HOLY SHIT!" Brian raises his voice, "Elena is smoking hot. Half black?" He looks to Margo for confirmation.
"Yes. Her Father is African American and was a Navy Officer out of West Point, her mother a Cuban dancer. She went to Princeton University and got a Master's degree in business."
"At least she's a Master, if not a different kind." Eric chuckled.
"She married a wealthy CEO of a pharmaceutical company but it ended badly, now she struggles to find employment because he gave her a bad recommendation in the business community. At least as of six monthes ago. I will need to check in on her before any actual offer."
"She got nudes?" Brian chuckled.
Cabot rolls his eyes, "Don't get your hopes up. She's not gonna be interested in us young pups like Margo is."
"I would not say that is a guarantee but like me Elena is...active." Margo playfully winks at Cabot Ross. "She would need to be comfortable here before any of you attempt to conquer her as you all wish to do me. Slavery? Doubtful. Sexually? I know my girl."
"Found some nudes." Brian flares up excitedly, "Ohhhh I'm so fucking her, big hair and all. She reminds me of that singer Rihanna."
"She does sing. We used to karaoke between photoshoots to kill the boredom." Margo recalls fond memories.
"Enough of this Elena." Heath interupts, "Let's talk about the Four Master's."
"Five." Jeffrey raises his hand from Margo's knee, "When I move in."
"Yes Master." Margo pats his cheek lovingly, "When you move in."
"That day in the attic has gone to your head Bro." Eric Crowe hisses at his best buddy Heath Talbot.
"She liked acting all slave toward us."
"It was no act. Well, partially." Margo crawls from Jeff's lap and prowls around the big oak coffee table between she and Heath. Moving in front of Heath she drops to her knees in front of him and looks up with doe like eyes, "I will serve you well...sexually...dominance as you choose. Just give me room to be myself. I promise you it will be worth it Master."
"Beggers can't be choosers Bro." Eric coughs up.
"Whatever. Hardcore bondage Bitch."
"As you wish Master."
"No more fucking underwear."
"For and around you none. When I am myself I will wear what I want."
"Then, I'll cut those fuckers off of you."
"I would prefer you not destroy my clothing."
"Leave her stuff alone Talbot." Eric intervened.
"Please do not fight my battles Eric. Master Heath? Please dare to look me in the eye, I will lower mine with respect after we find our way." He locks eyes with a very unhappy scowl. "I told you yesterday how I felt."
"You also agreed to 100%."
"Yes...sexually. As much as I would love to agree to being a fulltime slave I can't. I will not be resorted to cook, maid, and ass wiper. If I choose to do those acts that is my decision, nothing forced upon me. As I've said, morning, noon, and night I will let you take me sexually, any way you so choose. Without argument. This goes for all of my Masters, share me as you decide."
"Bondage like Heath and I had you a few days back?" Brian asked.
"Yes."
"Even leaving you there for hours like we did?"
"Yes. If I know there is something that requires me to be myself I will inform you ahead of time. Otherwise do as you will, I shall obey."
"Yeaaaah? I'm not up for that." Cabot retaliates, "Love you Margo, but between dating Maria and the waitresses I'm a little busy. I'm just gonna treat you like Mom."
"You do not desire me anymore?" She pouts.
"Oh hell yes. Don't think I won't fuck you again. My dick has limits is all." He laughs. "Including you I'm tapping four girls. Five if Grace and I run into one another again."
"Bro!! I can relate, I'm getting ready to tap my three step..." Jeff hits his brother in the gut halting his admission. "What was that for?"
"They're my steps too Dickhead."
"Hey I don't mind sharing."
"Too weird." Jeff admits then just as quickly mulls it over. "Well...maybe."
"Steps?" Eric questioned them, "Awww hell. Your stepsisters? You two are fucking crazy." Brian pulls up the picture his dad gave him of stepsister Gwen's boob job showing her off. Eric swiftly puckers and changes his mind. "Can I get in on that?"
"Why the hell not. Fellas? Do I have ideas..." Brian chuckles. Pure evil.
"So, you will be too busy to enslave me Master Brian?" Margo shyly pouts.
"FUCK NO. Never too busy to tap you Landlady. Might use that attic without you one of these days. Any objections?"
"No. Please be considerate of Darryl's toys, that is all I ask."
"Gotcha."
"Thank you Master Brian."
Heath sits forward and glares directly at Margo., "Alright! I'll play this your way. BUT!!...I'm not going to have sympathy. When you least expect it, on your time or not I'm gonna find out just how deep this devotion goes. Sex is 24/7 even if it doesn't involve intercoarse. If you're being honest, then even if you say this is your time not ours I'm going to challenge that. 100% sexually...100% on the edge."
"I can accept that."
"Good. Let's find out how much you're into this slave thing." He reaches behind him and procures an unexpected surprise. Hiding in the sofa cushion was a collar and a dog leash that he had discovered in the attic. "Look what I found. Look familiar?"
"Yes. Darryl would lead me on this leash."
"From now on we lead you."
"Yes Master."
"That includes you Ross. Stop being a pansy." Cabot rolls his eyes at Heath's words.
"Dude! You've changed."
"I know what I want. You all want this, you just aren't admitting it."
"I know I like the idea." Brian chuckles.
"Come here." Heath lures Margo in and surrounds her throat with the collar. Once tethered together, he curls his fingers up under the leather and drags her closer to his face. "You're wearing this 24/7."
"I will not wear it 24/7 Heath."
"Yeah, when I'm with Margo I don't wanna see her wearing it. I prefer her beauty without the disrespect." Cabot scowls.
"Same here Buddy." Eric concurs, "I might wanna kiss her neck, I don't want a mouth full of leather."
"Masters?" She poises a finger. "Thank you for loving me enough to defend me, but I don't need defending. I will honor each of you in whatever way you so choose. With Heath I will wear the collar proudly, no matter the circumstances. With each of you I will still call you Master however you need to use me. You may then remove my collar as you wish."
"I'm not even sure of you calling me Master." Eric winces, "I mean I like the control aspect but I'd rather you call me by name."
"As you wish Eric."
"Same here." Cabot adds.
"Master sexually. Brian in daily routine. I don't wanna bring my stepsisters out here and you call me Master. Now by them I might want to be called Master." Brian laughs.
"Does have a nice ring to it. They won't go for that though." Jeff frowns.
"Kissed all three one after the other Bro. They're into me."
"Seriously?" Jeff winced, "All three?"
"Yep. MJ and Daphne kissed me with both under each arm. They didn't resist and didn't call me out for it."
"Gwen?"
"She saw me from the window of the ice cream shop. I sucked her titties just before her boyfriend showed up. Braedon Wilkes if you can believe that."
"Douschebag Braedon? He won't be faithful to her, he's a player."
"Neither would we Bro. I still intend to fuck all three."
"I might have to stop by there and say hi. Been awhile." Jeff puckered.
"Busy week helping Dad but look out next weekend. Dad says the girls live in their backyard pool, wearing skimpy bikinis when their Mom's at work. Perfect timing. Might even take my trunks."
"Why? You know you'll skinny dip."
"True dat! Yeah I'll leave my trunks at home. Shock those bitches when I do."
"I don't know how Dad lives with all women. He's a horndog." Jeff shakes his head while rubbing his neck.
"Well, he did take Gwen's topless pic. Goes to show they trust him."
"They're fools. I wouldn't."
While the brothers banter, Heath attaches the leash to Margo's collar and stands up over her. "Let's go for a walk."
"Yes Master." She remains on her hands and knees. Leading her Heath merely circles the coffee table hoping to entice his friends. The adventure definitely ended conversations. Suddenly, all of them discovered this to be intriguing. Even Cabot and Eric.
"Dicks out Morons. Give the dog a bone."
Brian and Jeff were quick to yank their pants down and nurture their erections into a full throttle exertion. Eric hissed a bit then followed suit. Only Cabot lingered until he stood up and said, "I need to go call Maria." Excusing himself he kept quiet over his concern for Margo. She had made it clear she wanted this. She was still Mom to him.
"Lap dance." He tugs her leash toward Jeff. Margo smiles, grateful for his command.
"Best ever Master." She crawls up into Jeffrey's lap and begins grinding her labia as it molds around his cock for a warm ride. Jeffrey held her hips as she enjoyed his embrace. Smothering her tits around his face she quickly finds a mouth returning to her nipples. With the idea of encouraging the others more toward dominating Margo on a regular basis Heath takes the handle of her leash and curls it around Jeff's wrist. Lifting his mouth from her nipple just long enough to acknowledge his gift Jeff grips the leash and wraps it a few more times about his forearm to shorten its lead. The tauntness pulled Margo closer until her face was in his, her eyes studying his thoughts. She knew Jeffrey liked this sudden surge, she could feel his throbbing cock grow in repetition of pulse.
"I might just get used to this." He hisses into her face.
"I will serve my fifth Master well." She melts at his stern glare.
"Fuck this lap dance. On your knees and suck my cock."
"On my way Sir." She peels away until realizing that his lead prevented her from moving to the floor. Adapting she went to her knees between he and Brian and leaned forward to best consume his erection. Once she begins devouring him Jeff nods his approval. In the same nod he turns his attention to his brother.
"So, how's ole' Carmen looking these days? Mom was always just as hot as her daughters."
"I haven't seen her again since graduation." Brian chats while rubbing Margo's ass rearing up for his touch. Rubbing her cheeks almost lovingly Brian shrugs, "I guess I should try and get along with her."
"We both should. We've held grudges too damned long since Dad pulled his crap on Mom. Carmen stole him away, but technically Dad strayed first in finding her. At least Carmen did try to get along with us. So did her girls."
"Until Dawn punched Carmen out. That was a tough one."
"Our sister was always the scrapper Bro. You talk with Dawn in awhile?" Jeff strokes Margo's fallen hair from her eyes to watch her swallow his dick whole, gagging at balls deep.
"Nope. Still stripping last I heard."
"Still into girls?"
"That's a stupid question." Brian pauses to lick Margo's ass hole giving her goosebumps. Three good licks he stops. "Dawn doesn't like guys much and you know it. At least she gets some hot girls. Recall that Erin chick she brought home to meet Mom at Christmas last year? I'd lick that bitch under the mistletoe."
"Ohhh yeah! She was gorgeous in a Britney Spears kind of way." Jeff tugs his leash to get Margo's attention, "I'm not hearing sloppy noises Slut." Margo increased her friction and moaned in a greedy tone, the added tongue and hand action made Jeff drop his head back. "That's more like it. Fight for that seamon Momma." Margo gave it her all, it was merely a waiting game.
Off to their left Eric gave up stroking his cock and decided to kill time on his phone. Pulling up the photo of his employee Kym's ass and her new tattoo he shook his head. He hadn't planned on dating her, but after tagging her in his office the thoughts seemed to become more appealing.
"Who is that?" Heath dropped next to Eric, "Oh, shit! Is that...?" Heath remembered just days ago that Eric had mentioned Kym. Margo recalled the subject as well, having told Eric that he should pursue the girl. Even in her leashed predicament Margo always eavesdropped.
"Kym. Yeah, get a closer look at her tattoo." He uses his fingertips on the cell screen to enlarge her photo. Squinting at it Heath peaked an eye brow.
"Two crows? She suggesting you marry her?" He laughed.
"Heckel and Jeckel. She's just trying to get my attention is all."
"She's got mine. I'd fuck her tight little ass. You tag that?"
Eric chuckled, "Over my desk. I couldn't resist. I was tempted to again at closing time but I just couldn't get her hopes too high. I'm not really sure what I want."
"Looks like we've all been busy. You recall Jenna Nichols?"
"Jenna from the swim team?"
"Yep. Good memory, considering I had to be reminded." He grimaced.
"What about Jenna?"
"I fucked her in the High School's swimming pool. Underwater on the bottom even, that was crazy hot. Diving board too." He took pride in the fact that they had made their rounds.
"Nice!" Eric puckered picturing Jenna in his mind. Heath brings out his own cell and shares video of the Coach fucking Jenna from behind and her talking to Heath. With the volume up even Brian and Jeff heard Jenna calling Heath, "Sir."
"I'm owning this slut too." Heath became greedy and smug. Margo winked at Heath as her lips moved up and down rapidly over Jeff's girth. Heath had to pause at the wink wanting to scold her for thinking on her own, yet he bit his tongue. Ego felt good.
Hearing Heath so devoted to possessing other girls Margo Needy smiled, almost regretting her affectionate wink toward Heath in what she considered a vote of confidence in him. Gaze averted Margo took a deeper interest in making Jeff cum down her throat. It didn't take long before Jeff Hancock snarled and detonated a nice mint cream smoothie into her mouth. She took it like a noisy eater, her feverish delight aiming to target the boys into wanting some of the same.
Gripping Margo by her hips Brian pulls her toward him but hoists her lower body into the air, Jeff relenquishing the leash to Brian who curls it about his own wrist. Lifting her thighs higher he nuzzles her cunt and plants her knees over both of his shoulders. She in turn moves in viciously to suck his monster cock. Before feasting on her drenched pussy Brian grumbles, "High School? You hit up on ole' Fannie while you were there?" Attention divided a moment Brian had to know details.
"Sure did. I'm meeting Fannie on Saturday in Erlich...TRAINsylvania Station."
"Roach motel?" Jeff chuckles.
"Feast your eyes on these." Heath sits forward to show them Fannie's pussy pics while she was driving.
"That's Fannie?" Brian winced, "She's got a thick clit." He then bit Margo's clit for meanness, Margo squealing at her nibbled sensitivity. "Damn Mom, you just squirted a little." Brian chuckled. She swiftly lifted her ass closer to his face and rubbed her juices all across it. "Oh, now that gets the slave punished." He devoured her cunt in a ferocious appetite and tongued her hole as deep as he could force it. Two index fingers in her asshole added to her torment. Margo loved the animal side to Brian when he exerted it so aggressively.
"Fannie does Tae Kwon Do now. She literally kicked her leg up and propped it on my shoulder, nearly took my eye out with her heel. I fingered her standing up. Bitch screamed bloody heard her." Heath joked switching the words instead of using the term murder. "Nobody runs their mouth about this until I nail Fannie." He informed pointing at each of the three other men still in the room. "Bad enough her husband Riley drove by me looking. I hope he dosen't suspect anything."
"You'll know if TRAINsylvania Station gets raided in a police sting." Jeff laughed rubbing Margo's spine lovingly in her upside down pose, even going so far as to stroke her hair from her eyes to better see her sucking off his brother.
"That would suck. I know Fannie said she had to get out of town to avoid him when meeting me. I think she's really into the whole BDSM thing, but Riley must not be. His loss my gain. I'm collaring that slut first chance I get, even if it's only when we hook up."
"Make sure you take pictures of her. Video even." Brian lifts away drooling of Margo's saturation. Hearing him mention pictures Margo released Brian in a gasp to open up a new conversation.
"I almost forgot. We still haven't taken the pictures Elliot wanted."
Eric peaks his right brow, "Why does your son need naked pics of you? He has a few already remember we told you that?"
"No shit!" Jeff winced, "That's kind of...wierd ain't it? I don't know Elliot that much but that's just freaky."
"Any freakier than his Mother being the slave to five of his friends?" She licks Brian's crown like a lizard to let him know her plans to return.
"He was never technically one of our friends." Heath rolled his eyes but regardless poised his cell camera to snap a picture of Margo in her current pose, Brian eating her out as her eyes trembled from how delightful his tongue was doing.
"That's cruel Bro. Partially true but I thought he was alright." Eric defended Elliot.
"Pansy." Brian rose up again to admit then savagely tore into Margo's thighs like a feasting Tiger, her moans increasing as she felt his tongue licking everywhere before targeting her hole. She couldn't keep her eyes from going white and shook like a leaf in a hurricane. Feeling Brian thrust upward toward her mouth gave her the hint to resume devouring his monster cock. Heath took actual video of their antics. Mom was a fighter. Even if they were putting down her son. In her mind she would do anything for Elliot, within reason. This whole idea Heath brought up of even Elliot being her Master made her uneasy, but resistance was not in her vocabulary. She would not call Elliot Master unless provoked. The time would inevitably come. Just as Margo was cumming.
Bubbling up across Brian's face, Margo drowned the young man, yet he still sloppily splattered her juices in all directions just for the drama of it. Jeff had to block his face from being showered by his brother's ferocious intent. All on video thanks to Heath. Pulling away at a second fountain Brian chose to show his strength by grabbing Margo's hips and physically lifting her body up over his lap. Feet in the air Margo maintained her throat thrusts as best she could in her teetering balancing act, having faith that he would not drop her. Wanting her own moment of magnificence Margo joined Brian in his feat of strength and planted her legs together literally poising both perfect legs straight up in the air like a gymnist. From there she cast her limbs to each side for a perfect splits. All of the boys laughed with respect. A respect of her unique style, not of her as any form of leader. SLAVE DAMMIT!!
Eric enjoying her athletic prowess hopped up from his seat and darted behind Brian's head, leaning over the sectional back to sink his own fingers into her gaping hole for another dip in the pool. It took seconds before she squirted yet again. Brian strained but held tough, nearing his own detonation. He wanted to cum hard up into her mouth while suspending her in the air. Both of them trembling hard he managed his outcome just in time. Snarling loudly Brian Hancock nutted into her compressed lips. Momma fed hard making Brian weak. It took Eric and Jeff to come to his assist in holding her aloft until he was done firing.
"FUCK YES!" Brian huffed tossing sweat from his brow. Lowering Margo's hips back to his chest, her legs again atop his shoulders he released his grip on her to do a crisp drum roll on her curvy bottom. Eying Heath filming, Margo intentionally spit up Brian's cum all over his cock and scrotum. That led her to wag her tongue at the camera before consuming his jizz, reclaiming every drop and swallowing it with a final puckered kiss to Brian's urethra.
"You're one talented slut." Jeff complimented her.
"You haven't seen anything...Master." She beguiled them all as Brian looked over his head at Eric leaning there above them on the cushioned back. Passing off the leash Eric just looked at it a second before deciding to play along.
"Let's go for a walk Momma Slut." Eric grabbed her ankles and literally drug her entire body up over Brian, her breasts nipped at as they crossed over Brian's face. She giggled along the way until Eric stood her on her feet. Pulling her hair Eric snaps her head back and forces her gaze. "Come on I'll take some pics of you for Elliot."
"Thank you Master." She pecks him on the cheek, Eric reacting to the scent of cum on her lips. Releasing her brunette mane he in turn presses the top of her head until she dropped to her knees. Snapped fingers guide her on to all fours.
"That's the spirit Bro." Heath nodded, "Get used to that shit Margo."
"I will Sir." She smiles to herself, feeding into their ego. Following Eric's lead the boys howled at her perfect ass dancing away as she headed upstairs heeling at Eric's right side. Even Eric had to admire the idea's potential.
Once left to themselves Heath had a hidden surprise. Stuffed between cushions he drew out three more leashes. Showing them off to Brian and Jeff he passed them out. "Ole' Darryl had a bunch of these in the attic. One for each of us. There's more up there, not sure why Darryl needed so many but I'm not complaining. I'll get Cabot one later if the pussy comes around to this ownership thing."
"Fucking crazy." Jeff chuckled, "Loving it."
"We better get her trained better, she still has fire in her eyes." Brian rubbed his still dampened chin.
"Oh, I have plans Buddy." Heath grinned.
"We can't seriously own her when she gets this Bed & Breakfast off the ground can we?" Brian ponders aloud.
"Why not? Just because she makes decisions on the business end doesn't mean she decides to disobey our needs. We can do this Bri."
A final shrug Brian agrees, "I'm in."
"Me too." With Jeff joining, three evil bastards had made up their minds.
Upstairs Eric had a bit of fun leading Margo as if she were a puppy. Altering his tone of voice in a cute coaxing manner made for giggles on both of their ends of the leash. Margo even went full on puppy herself by whimpering, wagging her tail, and nuzzling up against Eric's pant leg more like a kitten than any pup but it certainly was adorable.
"Come on you sexy pooch, follow Master and let's train you right." Eric chuckled trying not to walk faster than her hands and knees could keep up with. She pouted up at him playfully and yipped just for kicks. At least Eric wasn't trying to be forceful in the portrayal. Sexually she would rather he be more controlling, but not in the pet acting. This performance in her mind was a leisurely act of adoring one another, a respectful treat to her Owner, she being their treat in every other aspect. "Stay off the furniture." He added as they passed between the sofa and the coffee table. Walking the entire room from corner to corner they paused at the front door, Margo actually lowering her face to the rug at the inside door to sniff the fresh air coming in. Eric smirking questioned her act, "You need to go potty?" She lifted her head and yipped but instead chose to look away from the door panting heavily. Instead of heading outside Eric found himself with other thoughts.
Moving to the kitchen with the gorgeous pup in tow he decided he needed a fresh beer and a snack. Opening the fridge he obtained a bottle and before twisting the cap off poised it over her butt pucker, "There's my bottle opener." Laughing at the cap pushed slightly in but not enough for the sharp ridges of the cap to harm her he draws it back, "Twist cap, my bad." She flared her eyes up at him and wiped her brow from relief, smiling vividly. That might have hurt if she had been cut even if it were in fun. With the fridge door open he took out the necessary makings for a turkey sandwich, meat, mayo, lettuce. Each one placed on the island in preparation.
Adapting with her leash she followed his every move. Finally, just before he closed the door Margo let out a shrill bark using one hand to paw at the fridge interior. Eric hesitated with the mayo jar and followed her gaze, suspecting what she wanted. "Ah! Puppy wants a drink of her own?" Margo in response panted heavily wagging her ass from side to side. Knowing exactly what she wanted Eric obtained a wine bottle from the top shelf, showing it to her for an exciteable expression in her eyes. "Is this what you want?" He voiced his words babylike. Another yelp made him kick the fridge door closed to rest the bottle on the island.
"Bottles almost empty." He swishes it before her eyes at the last second before sitting the Chardenay back on the counter top. "Let's see...clean wine glass?" She shakes her head negatively as he starts for the cabinets. "No? Ohhhh! I get it." He chuckles and instead goes to another cabinet to find a large salad bowl. Showing it to her for confirmation she shakes her head positively with a cute whine. Taking the bowl to the counter top he opened the bottle and poured what little contents were left in it into the dish. Just before taking the bowl to the floor he eyes the bottle. He knew that cap was not as wicked and tested it with his fingers first for sharp edges. None present Eric showed her the bottle and bent over placing it on the tile. She observed him send the bottle in a circular motion. "Spin the bottle?" She giggled but held her breath watching it turn until stopping to point at her. "You're it. Turn around." She did so without waver and lowers her upper body to the floor. Before picking the bottle up Eric returned for the bowl of wine and his own beer.
Resting the bowl in front of her first, he clinks his beer bottle against it, "Here's to you Puppy." She smiled brightly and dipped her face into the bowl to sip at her wine. Behind her Eric plucks up the wine bottle and enters the neck into her pussy first for a delightful shake of her tail. This form of play was a first for Eric. He took it slow and tenderly in fucking her with the bottle, she endured it, looking over her shoulder at him with a hint of admiration. "Puppy like that?" He winked as she gently nodded yes, a faint whimper as she backs into the bottle as if encouraging him to hit her wine cellar that much harder. Fearful of hurting her he didn't fuck her with all that much more force. She was happy regardless. Finishing her wine and licking the bowl she uses her nose to push the bowl aside and lay her folded arms on the floor, her head touching her arms. Moans took over at his bottle tapping. Eric decided that the bottle was too delicate and unzipped his fly, whipping his erection back out to take her from behind. A much better vintage Margo thought and enjoyed her adopted son's cock immensely.
Using the leash he swats her ass from cheek to cheek with the leather strap. She giggled at his attempts at being fierce, far from it however. Between those impacts he nurtured his beer until it was finished off. Eying the wine bottle that stood next to him he snatched it up and looked at her asshole again, dare he? Amid fucking her cunt with maddening thrusts he decided to try the bottle to seek her reaction. Poising the capped bottle into her pucker he nudged forth to hear her gasp. She accepted it without argument. So much for delicate. Trying to maintain a duel thrusting between holes Margo Needy had a minor orgasm. Pretty amazing he thought, getting her off on a wine bottle.
Sneaking up behind them Heath Talbot recorded the DP just before she gave in to spasm. It was a thing of beauty. Choosing to step away without them noticing him he went back downstairs without fulfilling the beer run, just to show Brian and Jeff the bottle action. Blown away the boys knew the night was young. Brian pepping up at forgetting something that Heath had requested of him the night before. Sneaking upstairs on his own Brian found Eric and Margo still performing doggy style, this time however Eric had taken more control and had curled the leash around his arm so taunt her head was pulled back. Puckering at Eric's moment Brian let him continue without interference. To his bedroom Brian Hancock went. The whole house heard Margo scream at a massive orgasm. In their minds each spoke the same response, "Good boy." They were all dogs.
Collapsing over Margo's back Eric kissed her shoulders and neckline, Margo loving the intimacy in her trembling sensitive state. Even her hind paws were curling. Bottoms up indeed.
"Time to make that sandwich." He sighed laughing, "I've worked up an appetite."
She concurred tilting her profile to lick his chin as if a dog, whining with a fervent loyalty. He couldn't help but hug her, drawing her up to her knees, his cock still deep within her. Once his arms released her and the leash unwound she dropped back on to all fours and used her nose to slide her bowl toward the sink. Laughing at her Eric stood tall and picked the bowl up rinsing it off for her. Who was the true slave here? She loved his respect for her even under such conditions. Now nudging her bottle his direction he shakes his head at her, "What am I? Your servant?"
She lowered her gaze and bit her lip. Clenching her teeth around the neck of the bottle she looked up whining. He made her carry it on all fours to the garbage can in the pantry. Depositing it herself Eric patted her head, "That's my good girl." She yipped and wagged her tongue. From there he plants the leather strap of the leash between her lips and says, "Go find Cabot. Make him give you a treat." She wiggled her ass playfully and strolled away. That perfect ass was watched until it disappeared around the corner. Time for that turkey sandwich.
Uncertain where Cabot was at first Margo saw a shadow passing through the drapes over her French doors in the moonlight. Suspecting it to be him she prowled to the curtains to peer out, using her nose to part the fabric. All along she had been thinking to herself, "I need kneepads." It was true, her knees were getting red.
Sure enough it was Cabot Ross pacing about while talking on his cell. She hated to intrude on his private time but found herself too absorbed in this canine act. Dropping the leash from her lips she began using her teeth to tug the drapes aside allowing her to move between the cloth and the doors glass. Pressing her massive breasts against the glass they crush flat for a stunning expectation of "Look at me Master."
With no viewers to catch her out of character Margo plucked her leash back up to replace it in her teeth. Once back in pet mode she pats the door as if pawing it to get Cabot's attention. It took four slaps to capture his notice. Laughing at her pose he watches her smear her nipples across the window pane playfully. Gritting his teeth while talking to his new girl Maria Salazar he motions Margo to hold on. That did not go over well. Why? Margo Needy had to pee.
Rolling his eyes at Margo's bizarre antics Cabot just gave in and opened the door for her. Once opened Margo nudges past Cabot on all fours and literally crawls across the deck and down into the grass next to the swimming pool. A sensor light coming on as she invaded the yard Cabot watched Margo squat and urinate. Wincing at her trying not to laugh, therefore having to explain to Maria why, he just watched out of amusement.
"I'm here." He told Maria after a lengthy pause, "I'm on the back deck and I noticed the yard sensor light up. I think a rabbit just hopped through." The thought truly being "Margo is insane." Once Margo was done peeing he observed her shaking her ass as if shivering off droplets. It was better than her wiping her ass in the lawn. Crawling toward Cabot she took the risk of upseting him by ruining his phonecall and heeled next to his right side. Looking up at him with the hope he might claim the leash in her teeth, she just dropped the leather strap and laid down at his feet. Content to wait on Cabot he just shrugged her off and continued his conversation. He just didn't want to seem too eager to play with her with so much else on his mind. Reading him like a book Margo knew he needed a friend more than any slave.
"Anyways tell Grandma to stop flirting with the old farts at the nursing home. She might throw her hip out." Hearing Maria laugh Margo smiled, she liked Maria and wanted her to be happy. Still, Margo knew of others girls in Cabot's growing harem, he appeared to be interested in all of them. She wanted nothing but the best for her sons, even if she became second fiddle to others. Son? Masters? Serving them might be tedious. Maybe serving them more as a counsellor in the end.
"That's great. I'm glad you received a letter from your sisters. They're sending you a present? What kind of present?"
"I do not know Senor Cabot." Maria sounded fearful, " Consuela my oldest sister tells me to expect a package, that she smuggled out something of great value. I am most curious."
"When will it arrive?"
"I do not know. Hiding things from the bad people is very hard to do."
"Any ideas on what it might be?"
"Yes. I worry mucho."
"Ummm? Are you going to tell me what you think it is?"
"I am afraid Cabot, so soon meeting you."
"You know I can accept anything Maria. You can tell me."
"I...do not wish to tell you over the phone. When may I see you next?"
"Date night Saturday remember?"
"Si, I remember. I am making you dinner."
"Right, and watching Velveeta."
"You are funny Senor Cabot, it is Evita."
"Oh yeah, Evita."
Margo lifts her head to wince at Cabot who shakes his noggin before patting Margo's hair to lay back down. He mouths the words, "Don't ask." Margo didn't. It was just a strange movie to watch on a first real date. "I open at Hilltop in the morning. I should get to bed."
"I wish to sleep with you."
"Saturday I promise." He hears her sigh of disappointment, "Tell me everything on Saturday, I swear I won't think badly no matter what it is."
"Sweet dreams Precious Cabot."
"You too beautiful. Take a selfie for me of you snuggling your pillow."
"For you...anything."
"Night."
"Goodnight."
As Cabot hangs up he sets his cell on his lap and looks at Margo frowning, "I can't believe you peed in the yard." She merely whimpered and nuzzled her cheek on his pant leg. Patting his lap he sighs, "Get up here before you get a splinter in your ass." Margo quickly climbed to her feet and curled up in his lap, the lawn chair creaking beneath their weight. Being wooden it would likely hold them. "You heard?"
Nodding she kisses him on the cheek, "Yes. That is between you and Maria."
"I really hope it's not something that gets her into trouble legally."
"Agreed. You have a lot on your plate it seems. Care to talk about it?"
"Yeah, there's a girl named Grace from another school, rivals in the past, she lives in Wildwood now, a couple apartments down from Maria's. She's better than she used to be, hard not to notice." He chuckles then just as swiftly sighs heavy. "I find myself thinking about her a lot. As much as I do Maria. I'm trying to focus on Maria but darn it."
"What of the girls at Hilltop? I overheard you talking about them."
"Twin sisters. African American and Holy Fuck hot. They teased me all day today. They want a threesome I think."
"Mmmm! I want a three...no I want a fivesome. Now that Jeffrey is here." She giggles.
"You're something Margo. I just couldn't keep up like you are. I love sex but I'm not sure I can juggle so many girls."
"It appears Heath is having the same problem. Two in one day. You have him beat."
"I'm not in any competition. He's an idiot messing with Frannie Filmore. Her husband is..."
"Riley Filmore." Margo beats him to it.
"You...know the Filmore's?"
"Yes. Riley more than his wife. Through Darryl."
"Sex with Riley?"
"Yes."
"But, not Frannie?"
"No. I do not think she knows of our arrangement."
"Crazy. Best you keep that from Heath I think."
"You do not agree with owning me?" She attacks his chest with the leather handle of the leash, pelting him as if playfully tempting him.
"Not my style the BDSM stuff. I mean we can goof off some now and then if I'm not too tired from so many girls. Might be fun."
"Can I still call you Master?"
"Sure. Just not around anyone other than the guys. I sort of think Maria likes it when I get controlling so maybe I can pick up tips. Who knows it might grow on me."
"You teach yourself Sweet Cabot. I will always obey you sexually."
"Yeah, don't let these guys control you any other way. Don't give them money."
"Absolutely not. Slave sexually, not fulltime in any other way. I tell Heath 100% but I will draw lines if he thinks he can go further than that."
"I have your back."
"You have all of me Master." She giggles. "Take some pictures for me?"
"For that admirer I recall you mentioning? Or, Elliot?"
"Yes to both."
"Simple nudes?"
"No. We can incorporate the leash."
"Won't your admirer find that disturbing?"
"I don't believe so." She growls to herself not particularly wanting to reveal the pics were to help her son Elliot financially in order to date his new French girlfriend Giselle. She decided it best not to reveal the reasoning. The boys at least were not taunting her son about taking her. They honored her thoughts on that quite well.
"Okay, not very good lighting out here. Wanna go inside?"
"In a moment." She gently kissed Cabot on the lips and offered up, "I love you."
"Love you too Mom."
"We could light the tiki torches." She leers over her shoulder. "That might give a warm setting."
"You're lucky I actually have a lighter on hand. I keep it to light candles at Hilltop."
"Mmmm! Romantic."
"Hop down Pooch. I hope you didn't shed on me." He laughs as she slips from his lap and returns to the deck on all fours, watching as he collects torches, lighting those that had enough oil in them to illuminate the deck. Four appeared to be all without going to a tool shed for oil. Exploring how best to arrange them for enough effective glow around her he brings their weighted support poles to rest around her as if a sacrifice. Satisfied at Margo's nod she sits down on the deck amid the poles and basks in their glow. Her eyes sparkling she smiles for his cell camera and he takes a single shot of pure perfection. From there he stepped back as she sits on her legs in a slavegirl pose, leash dangling between her magnificent breasts. A third pic similar she lifts the leash with both hands as if offering it to her Master.
While taking further pics the French doors opened on the house and the other boys stepped out to join them. Brian had something that made her flare her eyes, a request made was coming true.
"LET'S GET HIGH BITCH." Brian raised a bong over his head.
"Oh my." She held her palms over her heart with a tense excitement. Following him out they arranged more deck chairs to circle her torches. Heath was the only one not present. "Where is Heath?"
"Making your bed." Brian grinned as Jeff smirked shyly. Eric just kept quiet his hands in his pants pockets. She winced at the comment. Her bed was always made after sleeping or having sex in it. Puzzling indeed.
"What's going on here?" Eric stepped next to Cabot who shows his most recent photo of Margo.
"Taking pics for a friend." He nodded toward Margo.
"Anyone we know?"
"No. He's...Egyptian." She had her answer planned ahead, utilizing the truth to a degree. The pictures were for Elliot's school mate Farouk. It was in Margo's soul to always be there in any way possible for her son, even if it was an outlandish request.
"Camel Jockey?" Brian insulted an unseen friend that made Margo point at him but in her current servitude just kept silent. She did not like racism. Noting her stare Jeff slapped Brian who whispered to chill out. Brian scowled and just prowled around the torches. No apologies were offered.
She did notice something about each of them, they all had leashes. The sight gave her goosebumps. Hands dropping her own leash to drape between her magnificently perfect tits she put her hands in her hair for Cabot in a model like pose with yearning lips parted, eyelids lowered as if in ecstasy. Trying not to get the guys in his cell frame Cabot moved behind her for a kneeling shot of her heart shaped ass. Shot after shot in various kneeling poses kept Cabot on the move.
Behind her on the sidelines Brian packed and fired up a bowl, sharing it with Jeff. Eric kept his distance preferring not to get stoned. The aroma pungent made Margo distracted and she prowled the deck toward Brian and sat up pretty between his legs as he took another hit. Holding in his draw he leaned forward and blew his smoke into her mouth, sharing a kiss that held the smoke until he slipped back into his seat. Sealing her eyes she holds her breath as long as she could before exhaling the remaining billow of smoke. Fanning herself she tried not to cough but failed, "Oh my! It's been awhile."
Jeff nodded and chose then to reveal his own leash reaching in to connect it to her collar. Attaching it to a second ring on the left side of her neck. Eying her dual leashing she smiled with her eyes and tilted her head left hinting at Brian to join him. Passing the bong off to Jeff, Brian attached his third lead to a separate ring on the right side of her neck, one of four rings. Between both boys they tugged her at the same time to show their authority, their arms poised outstretched to her sides.
Margo whimpered loving the twisted exchange. Eric waving away the after smoke slipped in and attached the fourth to the ring beneath her hair. All drawn taunt at once she felt euphoric in the sense of being possessed. With only knuckles as they curl the leads around their forearms for a tightening hold over her Cabot panned his camera down at her, he doing his best to grasp the first leash so that four fists were present. Looking up with sparkling eyes Margo Needy gave him the money shot.
"Fuck that was hot. Heath is gonna be pissed he wasn't part of that." Brian chuckled.
"His loss my gain." Jeff passed back the bong after taking his own hit. Brian firing up another bowl placed the tubular mouthpiece up to Margo's lips and she wrapped her mouth around it sucking in a massive hit. Pulling away choking she grit her teeth and compressed her lips to contain it as best she could. Forced to release her lingering smoke she coughed dramatically as the boys laughed with her.
"Hey you don't have a gag reflex like that when you suck our dicks." Eric jests.
"There's Heath." Cabot notices him stepping out to join the group. Seeing the leashes already attached to her he pumps his fist.
"Now that's what I'm talking about." He shows her three more leashes making Margo lift her brows. "Lift that chin Bitch." She obeys allowing him to attach his first lead to her neck clasp beside the first clip. Using a second leash he hooks it to the handle of his current lead before dropping it to her resting knees. Bending in front of her he pushes the second leads handle under her. Brian spotting the handle bends forward and picks it up, tugging the serpentine chains of the lead up between her labia. In doing this Heath stands up and clasps the third lead next to the one behind her mane of hair. Brian knew the drill and took the leash over her back and connected it to the lead between her thighs. Loose at first Brian readjusted the clips to tighten it up into her cunt. Margo Needy gasped as the chains rubbed along her clit.
"Beautiful. You too Slut." Heath patted her cheek.
"Take a pic of us walking her inside." Heath prompted seeing Cabot's cell lit up. The walk was stunning, her chain leashes glowing in the flames until out of distance. All five boys spread out to make a web of tugged leashes from all sides of her. Margo needed to cum. All the way into the house they led her as apart as they could under the obstacles in their path. The torches would dwindle and fade.
Guided into the living room Margo discovered exactly what Heath had been doing earlier when not in sight. The large coffee table had been replaced with a dog cage designed for a very big dog.
"Mmmmm! I remember my old home. I loved it when Darryl confined me for hours in it."
Heath left the door open and led her directly toward it. Within it was a cushioned dog bed of red material, rubber dildos, and even a rubber ducky just for laughs. "Plenty of chew toys Bitch." Heath shared a disturbing glint in his eye.
"Want pics of this Mom?" Cabot didn't agree with the cage but knew he wasn't going to win the battle so went with the flow.
"That cage is as big as the kennel we keep Studly in at my parents house." Eric responded, also not happy, but less in the mood for arguing.
"IN!" Heath ordered her as the boys dropped all leashes and let her take them inside with her. Getting comfy Margo shivered and said nothing. Finally, eying a dildo she had an idea that required words.
"May I request a few things my handsome Masters?"
Before Heath could open his mouth Cabot said, "Name it."
"There's a red Sharpie in the kitchen utensil drawer. Can one of my Masters get it so I can name my toys?" Eric took point and rushed to the kitchen to bring back the marker. Passing the biggest dildo to Eric with her mouth Cabot took a photo of her. Perfect he thought. Eric taking her toy awaits her thoughts to vocalize. "Please write FUK on it without the letter C." Eric did so and led it back to her lips without the ink touching her mouth. Moving back into her cage she drops it to her bed and uses her teeth to procure a smaller dildo again giving it up to Eric. All the while Brian and Jeff hit the bong another round, blowing smoke in her face. They could tell Margo was getting high her eyes were narrowing.
Instructed to just write MASTER on it Eric tossed it in. From there she bit down on the rubber ducky and told him to write FUKKY on it. She found it humorous, the marijuana suddenly making everything so much more interesting.
"You need a water dish." Eric recalled the salad bowl and stood up to return to the kitchen for it. Noting it as transparent he searched for a solid plastic bowl equally as large. Returning with a white bowl he wrote SLUT on it with a drawn paw print on one side of the word and a heart on the other. She loved it.
"I need wine." She begged wagging her tongue. "There's another bottle downstairs in the fridge." This time Cabot went after her request. Returning with it he unscrewed the cap and poured some in the bowl. Sitting it in front of the door she lowered her face into it to sip wine. Bottle next to the bowl Cabot snapped a pic of her drinking.
"Enough of this pampering." Heath rolled his eyes. "Lay in that cage and fuck those holes with those chew toys." Backing up to lay back as best she could Margo stretched out, forced to place her feet on the upper corners of the cage. Heath moved the bowl then closed the door, pinning her inside the cage. Introducing FUK into her pussy was awkward due to the embedded chain so she tugged it aside in order to introduce it. The other dildo MASTER inserted into her ass she did her best to fuck herself around her restricting chain between her labia and ass crack. Pics taken of her lead to videos of Momma moaning up a storm.
"Ohhhhhh MASTER...Ohhhh FUK!" She yelped knowing of their recording. She would send the best video to Elliot for Farouk.
"Now this is what I call a Leash Agreement. Home sweet home Momma Slut." Heath chuckled rattling the top of the cage.
Margo Needy came hard three times for them. All five boys jerked off through the cage bars milking her flesh as they watched her. At 2:00 AM they left her in the cage and all went to bed. Jeff camping out in Elliot's bed.
"Nightie night Pooch."
She whined at the separation anxiety. It wasn't until they were gone and she lay in the dark that she realized she needed to pee.
Her final whimper of the night Margo fell asleep holding her bladder until the morning. By 4:30 she howled at the top of her lungs until Cabot came down to let her out to pee.
"Backyard?" He rubbed his tired eyes.
Margo went to the front door on all fours instead, and looked back at him. Laughing he unlocked the door and let her out. He couldn't believe she was staying in character even now. Leaning on the door jam he thought about Maria. She still hadn't sent the pic of herself in bed. Shrugging he presumed that she had fallen asleep before doing it. No biggy.
After relieving her bladder Margo shook her ass and crawled back in, still on her hands and knees. Strutting past Cabot he locks up and observes her return to the cage after another healthy drink of wine. Closing her own door she curls up with her toys and begins snoring.
"Fucking crazy." Cabot went back to bed nagged by Margo's commitment. Eying his cell as he sat on his mattress he realized he did have a video sent to him instead of a picture. "It's not Maria. I don't know this number." Opening the video he found a nice surprise. Sitting up straight and scratching the back of his head he watched a performance of Nikki and Kwikki using a double dildo and moaning loudly. On the dildo, just like Margo had done was written the word CABOT. "Wonder who recorded them I see all four of their hands touching themselves." Cabot was more confused than ever. He played the video seven times.
"Yup! Threesome."
Lights out.
Okay, he watched it an eighth time.