(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback are always welcome and appreciated. All characters are 18+.)
I was curious and hesitant about my second class for the day. I had to skip it yesterday to get my physical done. The class was called Human Sexuality: A scientific study of human reproduction. Before yesterday, Human Reproduction wasn't something I had even seen before, as my parents were strict about not having unsupervised internet in the house.
This class was only a half semester course, meaning that it only ran from post Christmas break to the end of the year. It was the only other class that sounded even remotely scientific, other than Ms. Maven's advanced Biochemistry, which I had first period. I also thought it might help me ascertain where my and Brittany's science experiment had gone wrong when it enlarged her breasts and my penis.
I knew I made a mistake when I walked in and was the only guy in the class. Even the teacher was female. I had no problem being in an all female class, or having a female teacher. I was just worried that I accidentally signed up for a maternity class or something. The fact that several of the girls in the class were noticeably pregnant didn't help that assumption.
"Can I help you?" The teacher asked. She appeared to be an attractive woman nearing her thirties. She had long flat brown hair that fell to just below her shoulders. Her thick framed glasses accentuated her beautiful hazel eyes. She was dressed in a brown pant suit that seemed to hide what little curves she had.
"I'm your new student, I believe." I said nervously as I handed her my admission slip.
She took it and perused it carefully. Her delicate features were soft and passive. She didn't appear to be scrutinizing the legitimacy of my claim. As if I were a pervert trying to sneak into the girls locker room. She just seemed to be checking it because I offered it. But then something strange happened. Her face brightened.
"Welcome! It's so great to finally have a guy join this class. Most are too awkward to discuss such matters as sex. And the few that are typically snicker at every sexual term mentioned. My name is Ms. Vera. You can have a seat in the back next to Shaya."
"Thanks." I said and headed to the empty seat in the back. But then an alarm bell rang in my mind. Where had I heard the name Ms. Vera before?
I sat next to a unique looking black girl who introduced herself as Shaya. She had big curly pink hair, a thin oval face with several piercings in her nose and lip, and blue metallic looking lipstick and eye shadow. She was wearing a small graphic T that showed quite a bit of cleavage from her large tits that seemed to be at odds with her slim body. The T-shirt terminated well above her pierced belly button. And her skimpy black jean shorts didn't start covering her body again until it had a chance to show off the beginning of her feminine V.
I introduced myself to Shaya and she smiled at me. "I don't suppose you're the new guy on campus everyone is wetting themselves over are you?"
I blushed and said, "I'm afraid so." Then sat down next to her.
"You say that like it's a bad thing."
Thinking back on everything that had happened over the last 24 hours, and I was certain of one thing, my situation was not in the least bit bad. "Just a little overwhelming." I said honestly.
"So, is it true?"
I frowned in thought. So many crazy things had happened that, odds were, the answer to that question was yes. "Is what true?"
"Are you really as big as they say you are?"
After getting a taste of teasing this morning at the running club, I found that I liked it. So I asked, "How big do they say I am?" I smiled tauntingly.
Shaya held her hands apart like she was ordering a sandwich size from Subway.
"Yeah, when I'm limp." The look of shock and lust in her eyes made me horny.
She glanced up at the teacher and then back at me, before ducking her head low and close to me. She whispered. "Can I see it?"
I acted as cool as I could and said, "I don't know, it's kind of tired after this morning."
Her eyes went wide as she asked, "What happened this morning?"
Very nonchalantly I said, "With the way gossip travels in this school, you'll probably hear about it soon enough."
As if on cue, one of the girls from the running club, the one that stopped to masturbate in the grass, walked in whispering very excitedly to a friend of hers. She shut up rather quickly as soon as she spotted me looking.
Shaya wouldn't let it go though. "Come on, I'll show you mine if you show me yours."
As juvenile as that statement was, it still made me stiffen up a bit. But after seeing how much greater teasing made the final pay off, I wasn't ready to give in just yet.
"As tempting as that offer is, class is about to start so we don't have time. But, if you show me yours now, I'll show you mine after class."
I thought she was going to bargain to show me somewhere else, much more private. But I would have lost that hand of poker. But that was fine, because I'd probably be winning that hand of Poke-her later. Shaya unbuttoned her shorts and slid the zipper down. Her desk and the students in front of her were the only thing keeping the teacher from seeing. She slumped down in her chair, lifted her hips, and slid the front of her shorts down with her thumbs. She angled her pelvis toward me and I saw her smooth tight lips, accented by a tiny silver ring piercing.
That was it, I was fully hard now. Shaya must have seen my snake slithering down my legs forming a large bulge in my pants. Her eyes went wide and her mouth dropped. She unconsciously brought her hand to her clit and started toying with it. Almost instantly though, the late bell rang and it was time for class to start. So, she covered up and refastened her clothes.
I was fantasizing how far things would have gone if the bell hadn't rang. Would she have masturbated right in the middle of class? If she did that, I'm not sure if I could have resisted joining her. That was when I remembered where I had heard Ms. Vera's name before. Hillary had mentioned her mom, the principal, having a foursome with Mrs. Buchanan, Mr. Shel, and Ms. Vera. Apparently, there was a video of it online somewhere too.
"OK class. Today we will continue our study of human masturbation." Ms. Vera kept talking, but after that sentence, I was too shocked to pay attention to anything else.
As quickly as I could, I rationalised that masturbation was a normal part of life. Many animals even do it. Granted, I had never done it, but that was because of all the shame that my mom had heaped upon the idea of touching yourself. Life would have been a lot easier on my sheets the last several years if I had adopted the practice though.
"Today, we are actually in great luck. We actually have a male of the species in the class with us today. As you may remember, I gave a demonstration of the female reproductive parts using my own vagina yesterday. Thankfully, today we have a male that I can demonstrate with today. Drew, will you come to the front of the class please?"
My mind didn't want to believe what she just said. Was she really wanting me to expose myself to the entire class? I stood and slowly walked to the front of the class, I noticed every eye was either on me, or on the log straining against my pant leg. Maybe she just wanted me to talk about my penis, and not really show it.
I hate to admit, there was actually a part of me that was actually hoping to get to show off. I had never had anything in my life that I could show off, that people were actually interested in. The first would have been Brittany and my science experiment that gave me this endowment.
I was shaking as I got to the front of the class and turned around to face the room full of girls. Shaya had a slightly vindictive, but also greedy and lustful look in her eyes. The one from the running club was smiling and watching the other girls' reactions. She already had seen the beast within, and appeared to be more curious about everyone else's reactions.
"OK, Drew, will you please remove your pants and reveal your penis?" Ms. Vera said it so calmly and clinically, as if it were the most normal thing to ask in the world.
I had so many mixed emotions in me all at once. I was nervous and feeling shame at what I was even considering doing. Excited, because, well I think that is obvious. I was about to do something extremely verboten and show off my behemoth to all of these women. But, as a scientist, I was also curious about their reaction.
The shame in me told me to close my eyes to lessen the embarrassment. But the other two parts of me won out, and I made eye contact with every person in the room before lowering my pants slowly. Everyone's jaws dropped lower and lower as I kept revealing more and more of my erection. Finally, I slid it past my tip and it flung up like a released slingshot.
A drop of pre-cum flew all the way to the back of the room and managed to land on Shaya's lips, as if it knew the destination it desired. She slowly licked her lips and savored the taste.
Ms. Vera started pointing out the different parts of my manhood. I'm sure she was using all of the biological terms, but all I heard was the thumping of my heart in my ears. I watched as every woman in the class looked at me like I was a steak on the menu. I loved the attention too. I had never been considered desirable till I came to this school. I didn't care if it was purely superficial. If these women wanted to use me to get some kind of kinky merit badge, I was fully game.
"OK, class, let's move our desks out of the way for the demonstration."
I suddenly wished I had been paying attention. What demonstration? Had I missed something? I pulled up my pants so that I wasn't duck walking as I helped with clearing the center of the room. During the move, my erection had a chance to calm down a little. Which was good, considering the air conditioner blowing on it would have caused an eruption at that moment.
"Now, everyone grab a yoga mat from the back and come in close." I was thoroughly confused now. Were we about to stretch? What did this have to do with human masturbation?
I was going to grab a mat with everyone else, but Ms. Vera caught me and said that she would need me standing at the front with her to help with the demonstration. I simply nodded, still confused, but ever the teacher pet.
All of the girls in the class laid their matts on the floor in a couple rows of tight semi circles in front of Ms. Vera and I. It was like we were on stage in a concert surrounded by an audience.
"OK, now everyone strip."
I was expecting all kinds of objections. I know I shouldn't have been surprised, considering she had just made me reveal myself to the class. But I was expecting at least someone to protest for their modesty. But nope. I watched as every single girl in the class pulled off their shirts, unhooked their bras, unbuttonned their pants, and raised their hips to slide them off. In a matter of seconds, the room was filled with hot naked teens.
There was just about everything you could imagine. Big breasts, small breasts, hard nipples, six pack abs, very pregnant bellies, slight baby bumps, smooth pussys, unkempt pubic hair, and neatly trimmed shapes. The only thing they had in common, was that they were all sexy in their own way.
Then I looked over and saw Ms. Vera begin to strip. She wasn't doing a sexy strip tease, but it was hot all the same. She removed her grey sport coat and unbuttoned her white blouse to show that she wasn't wearing a bra. Seeing her breasts, it was no wonder why. They were small yet perky, her rock hard gumball sized nipples were an amazing centerpiece. They stood out on her small chest like we're desperate to be seen.
Ms. Vera then undid her pants and lowered them and her underwear all at once. Her butt was flat and shapeless, but wasn't unappealing to look at. Her vagina was a tight slit with a tiny red upside down triangle of pubic hair pointing down at it. When she finished, she looked at me confused as to why I was still dressed. So I quickly undressed for the party.
Ms. Vera was droning on about the anatomy of the sexual organs and what chemical changes happen in your brain and body when you orgasm. She got my attention when she started explaining the best way to pleasure a woman. She pointed out all of the typical erogenous zones and I was taking copious mental notes.
Then she passed around some lubrication and explained that there were many sex toys out there, but today we will only be covering our own hands and fingers. She gave a detailed play by play as she began rubbing her clit with her finger tips and pulling and twisting her nipples. The rest of the girls in the class quickly followed suit.
This was the most erotic thing I had ever seen in my life. Roughly, thirty women masturbating butt naked ogling me. There was labored breathing and moaning blanketing the room.
"Drew." Ms. Vera called between her excited gasps. "Please join us. Mmmm. We... we need to see what male masturbation looks like as well." She disappeared into her own world for a second, before remembering one last bit of instruction. "Let me know when you are about to cuuuuuuuum." The last word was almost more of a wail than a word. "I want to try to ma... ma... make as little of a mess as possible."
As I mentioned earlier, I had never masturbated before, but I knew the general concept. Also, there wasn't a fiber in my being that didn't want to touch myself in that moment. The only stronger urge was for me to touch any of these other women and have them touch me. Since that wasn't a possibility, I lubed up and started jerking myself off.
The moans seemed to intensify in the room at that moment. And it was only partially because my voice joined in their number. One by one, I saw each girl pop off with their own orgasm. Hips would pulsate towards the sky as they would let out a scream or a moan. Their bodies would convulse and their faces would contort into sexy grimaces of pleasure.
One, two, three, four. After ten I lost count, especially considering I was pretty sure many of them were having multiple orgasms. At one point, Ms. Vera came and leaned back against her desk as she accidently squirted on a couple of the girls in the front row. Instead of being offended though, it seemed to turn them on even more, and they used the squirt as extra lubricant.
That was what finally sent me over the edge. It was so sudden and intense, that I didn't have time to warn my teacher. My legs nearly buckled beneath me and I began showering the first couple rows in my cum. As soon as Ms. Vera saw what was happening. She jumped up and clamped her mouth over my tip. I shot so much cum in her mouth, that she couldn't contain it all.
Quite a bit of my cum seeped out and fell onto her chest and slid down her body. My legs finally gave out and I fell on my back to the floor. Ms. Vera swallowed down as much as she could and asked if someone could catch any straggler drips and clean me up. Several of the girls not in the middle of an orgasm lunged for my big sundial.
Shaya was the first one to make it, as she had made sure she had a front row seat. She had taken a large portion of my original blast, and my white cum against her dark skin looked incredibly hot. She sucked me like a lollipop until I was completely flaccid again. Up until that point, she hadn't been able to fit my entirety into her mouth.
There were many more orgasms, including Shaya as she continued to finger herself while she cleaned my pole with her mouth. When everyone was done, Ms. Vera passed towels out to everyone to clean themselves up. We were barely dressed before the bell rang to dismiss us.
As we were packing up to leave, the teacher called out. "Your homework tonight is to find something you could use as a sex toy and bring it in tomorrow. Extra credit for the most creative one."
I wasn't able to get out the door before Shaya grabbed my arm and started pulling me along. "Where are we going?"
"The bathroom." Was her quick short response.
"You realise we aren't allowed in the same bathroom right?"
"I don't care. You have to uphold your end of the deal."
"Didn't I already do that, and in front of the entire class?"
"You and I both know that I wanted more than a look."
I couldn't argue with that, and her aggressiveness was already starting to bring life back into my shaft. When she pulled me into the ladies room, the forbiddenness of where I was, combined with the knowledge of what we were about to do, had me nearly fully hard again.
There were a few girls in their freshening up some makeup or washing their hands. I thought Shaya was going to wait for them to leave. I was wrong. She pressed me roughly against the wall right in front of them and shoved her tongue into my mouth. She was a great kisser.
I was also really enjoying her aggressiveness and decided to try it myself. I placed my hands on the sides of her stomach and spun us so that I was now pinning her against the wall with my body and kisses. I felt her breasts squishing between us and loved the feeling. My hands slid up the sides of her body and pinned her hands against the wall above her head.
I started kissing my way down her cheek, jaw, and neck, until my lips were on her chest. I continued down until I was kissing the tops of her breasts. My hands abandoned their posts on her wrists and lifted the hem of her shirt up and pried the cups of her bra down so that my mouth could consume her beautifully perky tits.
I reached down and undid her shorts before forcing them down. Shaya aided me by lowering my own pants. My hands went back to mauling her breasts while my mouth went back to her lips. Shaya guided my tip to her entrance and I slid in as much as I could. Which wasn't far because of the size differential.
She grunted in annoyance and lifted her leg and planted her foot on the sink. That opened her up enough that I could squeeze in a satisfactory amount of my shaft. I humped her fiercely into the wall until she was screaming through multiple orgasms. After her third I came and pumped a huge load into her.
We stood there and caught our breath for a moment. Then we heard the cheers behind us. The girls that were in the bathroom when we first came in, were still there. A few were brave enough to have undid their pants and had apparently been touching themselves.
I laughed and said, "Sorry for the intrusion. I'll get out of here now."
"No you won't!" Said the closest one to me. "You can't put on a show like that, and then just leave us unsatisfied."
"I'm sorry, but I'm already about to be late for my next class."
"Then skip it. Or we will rat you two out to Ms. Beaver."
I couldn't afford to get into trouble again, especially for something like this. "Fine, what do you want me to do?"
The girls smiled and began to strip. "I'll have what she had."
It did take me the entire hour, but I managed to satisfy everyone.
(To be continued.)