I had just told Carol I wanted to watch her have wild sex with her married boyfriend. She had just spent the night fucking and sucking him and I wanted all the dirty details. She spared no details of what a debauched night they had had.
I asked if she thought he would do it. Carol said, "He's vain about his sexuality. He'll love doing it."
The she told me that when they went to the beach he wore a tight Speedo to show off his cock. She said come over about 7 tomorrow night and I'll invite Pete.
That night I had trouble sleeping. I was a captive to Carol's sexuality. I masturbated several times to the images of Carol being fucked. I left my phone charging all night. My mind was racing with the what I would see.
Carol called me around 6:30 and told me to come over and bring my phone. I got there and we chatted for a few minutes and then there was a knock on the door. Carol opened the door naked and gave Pete a smoldering kiss. Pete asked Carol if he and I could have a few minutes alone. He and I looked at each other awkwardly then he stuck out his hand for a handshake. He said we all know why we're here, let's have some fun.
We called Carol back into the room and she was smirking. She came to me and game me a smoldering kiss, then did the same with Pete.
She said, "Why am I the only one naked?"
Pete and I undressed quickly and then did the usual cock checkout thing. He was lanky, toned and his cock was long and thick. Carol stood between us and took a cock in each hand. I had to control myself since this was Pete and Carol's sex party. I held up my phone as a signal and took a seat at the chair at the foot of the bed.
Pete pulled Carol to him and ran his hands all over her body, savoring her soft skin and incredible figure.
I raised the phone and started snapping pictures. Both of them looked over at me with lust hooded eyes.
Pete started running a finger along Carol's bald cunt. I could see her moisture. He then put a finger in her cunt and began finger fucking her. She moaned. Pete leaned down and took a nipple into his mouth and sucked while he continued to finger her. I was taking pictures of it all. The three of us were breathing hard. My cock and Pete's cock were hard and dripping pre cum.
Pete led Carol over to the bed and now finger fucked her with two fingers. I could hear her wetness and smell her sex. While still finger fucking her he began licking and sucking down her body and then lowered his face to her cunt and inhaled deeply. I got up and went to the side of the bed. Pete began lapping Carol's outer
labia which was dripping with her arousal.
Carol whimpered in need. Soon his whole face was covering her cunt and he was tongue fucking her. I took more pictures although my eyes were clouded with lust. Once again I was consumed with sex and lust and Carol and my cock was aching for release.
Carol was humping her cunt on Pete's face and grabbing his head and pulling him tightly to her. She moaned. I got up, my cock bouncing painfully, and got into position over his shoulder. I zoomed in on his tongue slathering Carol's cunt lips. Her labia were open like a wild flower. I switched to video and sound. Pete licked up to her clit and sucked it like a little cock. I changed the angle and got Carol gripping the sheets, her face frozen in rapture, her whole body red, intoxicated with lust. I scanned the whole scene while I was hopelessly in sex, and lust.
Pete's hands gripped Carol's ass pulling her to him and increasing his frantic licking. He lifted her ass higher and stuck his tongue into her rosebud. Carol screamed and gushed onto his face. He then held her while her orgasm rippled through her.
After she calmed down she said, "Ahhh, Pete, Fuck mee."
He got up on his hands and moved between her legs, his cock nestled at the opening of her cunt. As his cock head entered her I took pictures of their bodies joined together, craving for sex.
I switched back to video as Pete began thrusting into Carol's cunt, each stab deeper than the last. His cock shimmering with their combined juices. Carol pulled his head down to her tits so that he could suck on her nipples while he continued to fuck her. He began pistoning harder and harder, deep into her cunt. Carol started whimpering in pleasure in one continuous whale. She started pulling on her nipples and caressing her tits.
I got to the foot of the bed so that I could frame the whole picture with Pete's cock plunging into Carol's cunt. They were like wild animals rutting.
I had bizarre wild thoughts and feelings. I felt like Pete's cock was mine and that I was fucking Carol. My whole body tingled with vicarious sexual pleasure. In my minds eye I was both taking pictures and sexing Carol.
I saw Pete fucking Carol. I saw Carol thrashing with sexual abandon. And yet I saw me fucking Carol. I was going mad with lust.
Pete turned Carol around on her hands and knees, ass in the air. He hesitated for a moment then plunged his cock back into Carol's cunt. I could see and hear his balls slapping on her. Carol's head was down on a pillow, her hands underneath her frigging her clit, groaning. Carol's cunt was dripping on the bed and Pete's cock was pulsing and seemed to be growing.
They kept fucking for what seemed an eternity. Pete started grunting and growling. He stuck a finger in her ass and she moaned deeply. I saw his balls tighten up and I knew he was shooting hot cum into Carol. He seemed to go on and on cumming
Carol wailed, "Peeete, Fuck, Fuck, cummmmmming."
Pete collapsed on Carol's back pinning them to the mattress. He kept twitching his ass trembling while oozing his last drops of cum into Carol, "unh, unhhhh."
Carol was drooling into the pillow while still quivering and moaning.
They looked spent. After a few minutes Pete got off of Carol's back and pulled her to him. They exchanged soft kisses and murmuring sounds of satisfaction.
I got it all in pictures and video. I was wild with lust that I could do nothing about. They cuddled for a while then finally looked up at me smiling.
Pete said, "Can I get a copy of that?"
I was collapsed in the chair pulsing from the sex. I grabbed my cock and with just a few strokes shot cum into the air landing on my chest and face.
I said, "I should go home now."
Carol said, "See you tomorrow and we'll have fun with the pictures."
I got dressed and drove home. My emotions were all over the place. I had no idea what the future would bring.