You step out of the cab, and close the door. Leaning into the passenger window of the cab with some money in your hand you pay for your trip. You can feel the cooler night air on your wet lips. Reaching through the window, your short skirt has ridden up and the hemline is no longer covering your ass.
The crowd walking behind you on the sidewalk are getting a good show as they can easily see the slit between your legs.
"Keep the money!" says the cabbie. "You and your friend can ride in my cab free anytime!"
"Thanks! That was the best service we've ever had." you say with a huge grin.
You check over your shoulder just to watch the shock on people's faces as they walk by, enjoying the attention and after a moment straighten up. You collect a very flushed looking Karen by the elbow and head into the concert.
As you and Karen are walking in to take your seats, you can't help but notice the attention the two of you are getting. Not only are you both beautiful and sexy, your clothing choices are definitely turning heads. Your nipples are still hard and it is obvious to anyone looking that it is cold outside. Many young men (and not a few women!) are smiling at you and checking you out.
Eventually you reach your seats in the front row to find out that this particular venue is standing room only. Honestly, this is perfectly ok with you, and both you and Karen like to stand up and dance at concerts anyway. Now you won't have to worry about being in anyone's way, though finding a spot to put the two drinks each you're carrying is going to be difficult.
After a brief troubleshooting discussion, you decide to simply drink them as fast as you can. A couple of big gulps, and you throw the plastic cups away.
"Wow! that is going to hit hard in a few minutes!" Karen says holding back a hiccup. "I hope I won't get too drunk to dance!"
"You can NEVER be too drunk to dance!" you tell her, and you both do a little jig to prove it.
Your impromptu dance is interrupted by the lights going out in the stadium, and you both start yelling and cheering with the crowd as your favorite band roars into their first set. The stage show is truly spectacular, with laser lights, big video screens showing the band and the crowd, and fireworks.
By the time the band is an hour into their two hour show, you and Karen are agreeing in shouted words "THIS IS THE BEST SHOW EVER!" You're both flushed and sweaty from the drinks and the singing and dancing and throwing all caution to the wind.
The band is in fine form, and they've chosen pretty much every favorite song. Not only can you see them closeup on the big screens, but your front row seats allow you to reach up and touch the band members when they go by. Quite often the lead singer stops in front of the two of you to touch hands.
He is a really good looking guy, and it is obvious he likes you as he winks every time he makes eye contact. He also grins at you as he looks directly at your chest, not missing for a second the show you and Karen are providing in return.
The camera crew has picked up on it, and occasionally, both you and Karen (along with closest dozen people around you) are pasted up onto the big screen, much to your immense pleasure. Whenever they you, you increase your screaming and singing to show your support, everyone around pressing into you trying to get into the spotlight as well. The whole night has been one of bodies pressing close and jostling, so neither of you really cares.
"Look Hels! I can see our boobies!" Karen laughs and shouts in your ear pointing to the big screen.
You look up and sure enough, the camera team has caught you and Karen on the screen again. The moisture from all your dancing around has pretty much turned your top transparent. You can see your pink tips clearly on the big screen. Karen's are even worse as the darker skin of her nipples is even more obvious through the white fabric. The two of you may as well not be wearing shirts, so no wonder the lead singer keeps coming back!
As this isn't the first time you've had your breasts out in the public eye, it doesn't bother you one bit, and you give a huge "Wooohooo!!"and grab your mounds with your hands and lift them up and play with them for the camera. You hear Karen laughing even harder as she does the same, her tits threatening to pop out of her shirt! The camera moves on and you keep right on dancing.
About this time, you start to notice the bodies pressing around you, particularly the one pressed up against you from behind. You can feel the heat from their body as they sway and move with you to the music. Not wanting to miss a second of the show, you push back on them a bit with your butt, trying to create a little space, but never looking around. The body moves away briefly, but is back again in seconds. You stop moving for a moment, and feel the press of their body rubbing back and forth against you.
Curious now, you lean back into them harder, fitting your body to theirs. A hand touches your waist and rests on your hip furthest away from Karen. You wiggle your behind, and are rewarded with more information. The person you are leaning against is definitely a man! The bulge in his pants is rubbing against you, and eventually settles in the cleft of your cheeks. Feeling very naughty, and a little bit drunk, you don't push him away, you just keep watching the show.
The hand on your hip starts wandering across your skin and up and down your side. Catching on your skirt, it then tickles up the skin of your side, over the fabric of your top, just under your breast and then back down the front of your stomach. The longer the hand travels over your hot skin, the bolder it gets. Slowly sliding over your skirt down to your ass, then up your side this time the hand doesn't stop, and slides up over the top of your breast, brushing against your perky nipple. Your legs tremble without your permission as the touch sends shockwaves through your body.
The mysterious hand is now cupping your breast, its fingers twisting your nipple through the thin fabric. It slides all the way down again, and rests on the skin of your thigh. You feel the calluses on his hand as it slides upward once more. You skin tingles as the bold hand slides up under the hem of your skirt, slowly inching its way up your thigh. The hand stops just shy of the fork in your legs, and you start to breathe heavily. You feel a single touch against your lips and you jerk physically, pressing back into the owner of the finger.
He takes that as an invitation, and presses in harder with his finger, and it slips between your folds. You feel a rush of wetness as his finger slides up and down your slit, playing with your pussy as you watch the lead singer come along once more. On the big screen you can see yourself and Karen again, but your face definitely has a different look on it. You can see the arousal in your eyes. The hand that is currently running under your skirt is also visible as no one is standing in front of you, but it isn't so obvious anyone would notice.
Behind you, you finally see the face of the man who is toying with your pussy. He is just a little over six feet tall of average build with brown hair, a goatee and glasses. You see him smiling at you with his handsome face, giving a little wink that is only for you. You see movement on the big screen and feel the hand start to flick against your clit as his grin gets even bigger. You body is definitely having trouble standing, and you're glad you have something to lean against!
Continuing to enjoy the hand against your skin, you reach behind you with the opposite hand so as not to interrupt the ungodly sensations he is causing you to have. He is wearing jeans you discover as you rub your hand up and down the length of his bulge. You give it a squeeze.
"Mmmmm, that feels like a good sized cock!" you think to yourself. "I wonder how far he'll let me go?"
Grabbing a belt loop, you pull him towards Karen so you get better access. Using your fingers, you unzip the front of his pants and reach inside. His hot skin immediately presses against your digits.
"He's not wearing anything under there! That makes it easy."
Shoving your hand all the way into his pants, you curl your fingers around his hard shaft and pull. His cock pops out of his pants into the air, and you start to stroke it. It is hot and heavy in your hand, and you rub your hand over the tip. He is wet already, and you use the moisture of his pre-cum to make your hand slide easier up and down his shaft. It is getting harder with the extra attention, and his hot breath is coming faster on the skin of your neck.
No longer as interested in the concert, you glance down at the cock resting in your hand. It is thick and pink, a little over six inches, and uncommon for the UK, he is circumcised. A long string of liquid is hanging from the tip, reaching nearly to the floor of the concert hall. Your body reacts with another shiver as his fingers continue to play their own music under your skirt.
"Ohhh. Now that is very nice!" you think to yourself and use your elbow to nudge Karen.
Karen looks over and follows your eyes down to the beautiful dick resting in your palm. She looks up quickly to you with a big "OH" face that quickly turns into a smile. Reaching down, Karen also grabs a hold of his shaft next to your hand (it is long enough for both of you) and the two of you stroke him together. She winks at you staring at the hand that is moving under your clothes.
On the big screen, you see his face turning to complete arousal as you stroke. No one from the audience can quite see what you're doing as it looks like you and Karen are holding hands. Mischievously you take your hand away. If they're watching, now the entire crowd can see Karen stroking the penis of the man behind you. Karen does notice and takes her hand away in shock, covering up her mouth laughing, and leaving the mystery man's cock hanging out for everyone to see. The man behind you looks a little shocked himself, then grins and slides behind your hip, blocking the view.
The camera cuts away to another part of the show, but you no longer care. The man's fingers are now moving quicker and quicker against your clit. Your body is tingling now from head to foot, and you're not quite sure how much more you can take. You feel his other hand now lift you your skirt, and the hot smoothness of his shaft as he presses it between your ass cheeks. He moves his hips, and you can feel it sliding up and down between them as his fingers work their magic.
Without warning, you feel his arm wrap around your waist and lift you off your feet. Suspended in the air, you lean back into him. His face is beside yours, and you reach over your shoulders to hold him tight. The hand that was playing with your hot center reaches under you, adjusting, and lines up his spear with your steaming hole.
You cry out in ecstasy as he lowers you down onto his throbbing shaft. You are so wet and dripping, that you slide all the way down, impaling yourself on his cock. Using his other free hand, he reaches under your leg for leverage, and proceeds to lift you up and down.
The big screen catches you and Karen once more. And the crowd is going wild! Though your nearly closed eyes you see Karen, now ignoring the concert altogether, with her hand under her skirt playing with her own pussy and moaning. It is completely obvious what she is doing, as her other hand has pulled her nipple out of her shirt and is tugging on it. You recognize the expression on her face just before she shudders in orgasm.
More importantly, it is absolutely no secret to the audience what you're doing. The camera is perfectly angled to see you and the mystery man in action. Immediately you notice that when he lifted you up at the waist, his arm caught up the hem of your skirt, and is now exposing your entire pussy! The camera is also in a perfect position to see what your pussy is doing and the crowd hollers even louder as a closeup of your activities is displayed onto the screen.
They can all see that the mystery man's hips were grinding now, forcing his cock up and down in place. Your pussy grabs hold of his pink shaft and it goes in and out. Your inner lips revealing themselves as it comes out, and disappearing again as it goes in. His cock is glistening in the stage lights, and your lips a visibly wet as he pounds in and out of your hole, not caring now in the least who is watching.
Seeing yourself in such a state, with everyone watching, you feel yourself overwhelmed and start to cum. You watch your face as it tightens in orgasm, and waves of sensations run up and down your body. The whole stadium disappears for a moment as you lose yourself in the moment, body shivering. The crowd cheering as they witness you cumming brings you around, and you realize that your partner is still moving under you.
Wanting to be sure he cums as well, you reach down and cup his balls, rolling them between your fingers as his cock slides in and out. That simple movement tips him over the edge, and you feel his body tensing. At he lifts you one last time, you reach down and grab his cock and pull it reluctantly from your hole.
Still being held above his throbbing spear, you start stroking his shaft hard and fast beneath your pussy. Pointing it towards the camera so you can watch it on the screen, you stroke harder. It looks like you are riding on his cock, and the extreme closeup from the camera catches your juices dripping onto his shaft.
After a few last strokes you feel him grip your waist even harder and his hips push forward as his cock starts to pulse. You slow down your strokes and watch as the first stream of cum comes rocketing out. Shot after shot of cum pour out of his tip as if in slow motion on the screen, landing on the floor.
The crowd goes completely bonkers and cheers you and your mystery man as you milk the last few drips from his softening cock. He lowers you to your feet, and you turn to look at him, his cock still in your hand. You're having a hard time standing, as your legs are still rubbery. Karen puts an arm around you waist for support.
"That was amazing!" he mouths over the noise of the crowd, "Thank you for letting me play. Perhaps we can do it again sometime." and he slides a card into your purse. The mystery man turns to leave and fades away into the crowd.
"Oh My God Karen! This really has been the most amazing night ever!" you say as the crowd starts to clear, the concert now over.
"I haven't cum that hard in years." she admits. "I've never even dreamt of something like that." she says looking dreamy " But I will say one thing, I'm starving! Let's go grab something to eat!"