Chapter 4:The show goes on.
I stood at the corner of the bed to allow Mikey to view proceedings at a right angle, and Rosie scooted over to sit on the edge of the bed. She had both hands free, and applied herself with vigor. She held my cock with her left hand, and used her lips and tongue to pleasure me just as I had taught her earlier. She used her right hand to cup my ball sack before stroking my inner thighs, and lightly raking my perineum and the back of my scrotum with her nails, something that I did not teach her! I wondered whether she was trying to show off for Mikey's benefit, but she seemed oblivious to anything but pleasuring me.
I gently rubbed her titties, and encouraged her with little words and sounds like "Yes, just like that", "Yeeoow" and "Mmmhh", but she did not need any coaxing; she was clearly into this, and the feeling was exquisite. This was a far cry from the awkward bumbling blowjob of the previous evening! I glanced over at Mikey. He shook his head in disbelief - this was not only a live sex show, but a good one too!
My cock started twitching in Rosie's mouth, and I could feel an orgasm approaching. She felt the twitch, and looked up at me with her green eyes as if she was asking for permission to bring me to a climax.
"Not yet" I told her, pulling my rod out of her mouth.It was time for a change of pace.
"On your hands and knees."
She turned around and crawled to the middle of the bed. I took up position behind her, with my knees on either side of hers, and slowly rubbed the tip of my cock up and down her still-moist slit. She pushed back with her buttocks every time my glans passed over her vagina, inviting me to enter her, but not with any insistence; she appeared to enjoy the slow tease as much as I did.
Putting my hands on Rosie's delicious white buttocks, I slowly entered the tip of my penis into her vagina. I held it there between the labia, deliberately twitching it to massage the entrance. She gave a low grunt but kept still. I entered her tight pussy as slowly as I could, inch by inch, until my pelvis was pressed against her smooth buttocks. I slowly pumped in and out of her, enjoying the feeling of the warm folds inside her vagina all around my cock.
Looking down, I saw her little pink butthole for properly for the first time. It looked like the proverbial balloon knot between her buttocks, and invited exploration. I bent my head forward and dropped a blob of spit on her anus. I used my middle finger to spread the spit around, and gently massaged the muscle. I could feel her vaginal muscles tighten around my cock, and she pressed her pelvis backwards, giving permission for further exploration.
Gradually, I applied more pressure to her sphincter, until the first knuckle slipped into that tight hold. I gently wiggled my hand, massaging the inside of her butthole while continuing my slow cock strokes in her pussy. Rosie put her right cheek into the pillow with one hand above her head for support. With the other, she reached down, and started rubbing her clit. I could feel her nails against my scrotum every time I completed a stroke. Her tail end pushed high in the air provided even better access, and I pressed the second knuckle into her anus.
She started groaning, louder and louder: "Mmmhh, mmmhhhh, mmmmhhhhuh!" and seemed to be approaching another orgasm. The triple action of anal fingering, a cock in her pussy and her own hand rubbing her clit seemed to cause her lower body to become a pressure cooker, wanting to explode.
I noticed movement to my left, and glanced over. Mikey was gesturing to me by poking his right index finger over his left fist, obviously signaling that I should aim higher and replace my finger in Rosie's anus with my cock. I ignored him, and continued with my very pleasant slow fucking of this beautiful slim girl I hadn't planned on having anal sex with her that day, given that her training had only just started, and that anal sex takes preparation, but, as the saying goes: plans can change.
Mikey's wild gesticulations caught Rosie's attention too, as she lifted her head to look at him, and then around to me. "In the butt?" she asked, addressing no one in particular.
Well, well...A gentleman never says no.
"Would you like to try?" I asked.
"Yes. Green".
I looked at Mikey. He had a huge smile on his face, but a question in his eyes - he was not aware of our code, but must have suspected that "green" after a "yes" could only mean one thing.
"Oil, next to the stove in the kitchen" the surgeon in me demanded, and Mikey did not waste a moment to comply. He was out of his chair and out of the door before I could blink.
"Are you sure?" I asked when we were alone. "It might hurt a little at first".
"Yes. Just go slowly".
A few seconds later, Mikey was back, brandishing a bottle of olive oil. I smiled quietly at the irony of the "Extra Virgin" label, and drizzled a liberal amount of oil into Rosie's butt crack. I swiped my fingers around in the oil, coating them properly. I used my middle finger to work the oil into her tight butthole, lubricating it as much as I could before slowly pressing two fingers in. The sphincter muscle was tight, but after a little wiggling, it gradually relaxed, and I could move the fingers in and out. I drizzled some more oil onto my fingers, and gradually lubricated the inside of Rosie's anus.
"Lean on your hands" I instructed to get the entrance angle right. Rosie pushed herself up, and stood on her hands and knees. I lubed my cock thoroughly with the olive oil, and lined up, pressing the tip of my cock against her anus.
"I am going to hold still. You push back, try to relax, but if it hurts too much, stop".
Rosie complied, and pushed back. The sphincter muscle was too tight, and my cock did not make any headway. Rosie moved forward, away from me. I used my thumb, probing her butthole, and lubing it some more.
"Let's try again. Try pushing downwards with your stomach muscles, like you want to poo."
Rosie did as she was told, and I could see the area around her butthole expand as she pushed down. She pushed back, a little harder this time, and smashed her o-ring into my penis. Both of us went "Oww!" at the same time, and then burst out laughing. This was clearly not working, and I decided to try something different. I flopped onto my back next to her, and told her to straddle me, and take her time to lower herself onto my cock. She reached behind her, and took my cock into her hand, guiding it between her butt cheeks. I reached up and got hold of her beautiful breasts. Her nipples were hard, and I rubbed them gently with my thumbs whilst she slowly lowered herself onto my waiting cock.
My cock did not enter her immediately, but she gave a little bounce, and whoops! - the head slipped through the tight hole and was inside! Rosie held still for a moment, getting used to the sensation of having a cock in her rear end. She put her hands on her buttocks, pulling them apart, and slowly lowered herself, taking her time to swallow my shaft in her tight entrance. For me, the feeling was exquisite; instead of even the soft folds of the inside of a pussy it felt like someone was holding my cock with a piece of elastic tubing, slowly gliding it downwards. When she swallowed the whole, her buttocks on my hips, she leaned forward, and put her hands on my shoulders to steady herself. The strange feeling of a cock up her poop chute had the strangest effect on Rosie: she broke out in goosebumps again, all over her chest and arms, and her areolas shrunk under her nipples, causing the already erect nipples to extend even further.
She rested for a moment, and then slowly started sliding up and down my cock.
"Good girl..." I complimented her. "That feels great".
"Mmmmhh!" was all she said, breathing deep.
Not wanting to touch her genitals with my fingers that were in her asshole, I told her to play with herself. Devoid of any shame or embarrassment now, she put her left hand on her pudendum and pulled it upwards to expose her clit. She licked the fingertips of her right hand, and started rubbing her clit whilst gliding up and down my pole. I put my hands on her upper legs, and as she lifted and lowered herself, I could feel the muscles move underneath her smooth skin. Her right hand was rubbing her clit in quick jerking circles, and she started bouncing up and down more vigorously, her buttocks making slapping sounds against my thighs.
Rosie was groaning in sync with her bounces - "Uhh, uuhh, uuhhu!" and I realized that she was on the cusp of climax. I reached up, and pinched her nipples between my fingers, pulling them hard. This sent her over the edge, and she fell forward onto my chest with a shuddering "Uuuuhhh!!" I followed close behind her, grabbing her buttocks, and pumping into her with three or four sharp strokes before shooting my load into the dark recesses of her bowels. She was panting like a racehorse, and I could feel her heart beating against my chest.
I turned my head to look at Mikey. He had his right hand in his running shorts and was rubbing himself. Embarrassed, he stopped when he saw me looking at him. "That's it, Bro" I said as casually as I could, but leaving no doubt that I expected him to excuse himself.
"OK, yeah... I'd better get going... thanks" Mikey stuttered as he got up, a huge erection visible under the thin fabric of his shorts.
"Right, see ya' around. You can see yourself out." I had no intention of getting up to greet him, and had no idea what our nether regions looked like.
As he passed by the bed, I said: "Hey, Mike! - Not. A. Word. OK?"
Mikey had regained his composure and laughed. "Promise. Nobody will believe me anyway."