Ralph had been a long-time friend of mine for the past 7 years. Guys being guys, we had discussed everything from sports to sex. Then one evening as we were sitting at a brewpub having a beer, Ralph wistfully revealed his desire to anally fuck his wife's sexy asshole!
Geez, Ralph's explicitly revealing comment was a bit uncharacteristic of his normally reserved nature. For the most part, our conversations about women and sex were usually rather tame and light-hearted. But Ralph's new sexual revelation seemed to unleash a streak of startling honesty within him. As the conversation continued, I could sense a lustful spell had been cast over Ralph as he talked passionately about his wife Lisa and her sexy little butt.
Ralph and Lisa had been married for about 6 years. Ralph was now 34 and his cute wife was 31. I had met Lisa many times over the years and fully agreed with Ralph that she had an ass to die for. Lisa's pert little heart-shaped butt wrapped in her tight jeans always turned heads as she walked by. But now my mind was flooding with explosively erotic thoughts, envisioning Lisa's firm butt cheeks spreading apart as Ralph's cock nudged up to the entrance of her virgin asshole. What a fuckingly sexy sight that would be!
I sensed that Ralph was fishing for a little advice on how he might tempt his wife into some anal experimentation. At first I was at a loss for words. What Ralph and Lisa needed was a well-planned scenario that would spark some of their secret sexual desires. Then out-of-the-blue a crazy idea flashed into my foolish mind...
Since I work as a full-time photographer, I suggested to Ralph that maybe an erotic photo shoot might help stir things up. Somewhat astonishingly, Ralph thought this wacky idea might have some potential.
Fast forward a few weeks later:
After mulling over my suggestion for a few days, Ralph finally worked up the courage to discuss the idea with his wife. At first Lisa really didn't take the whole thing seriously, but play along thinking that her husband would soon back out of the whole scheme altogether. Nevertheless, as part of the initial plan, both Ralph and Lisa submitted to me via e-mail their private wish list of what would happen if the photo shoot were to occur. The seduction of the idea seemed to tantalize their sexual imaginations.
It was obvious by the tone of each of their e-mails that some sexual topics had been a bit taboo for either of them to bring up on their own terms. Lisa's e-mail described her desires for some exhibitionism in their lovemaking, while Ralph's e-mail discussed his craving for some anal play with his wife's asshole. With their secret sexual wish list fully revealed, my creative mind started to whirl up some naughty ideas that I hoped both Ralph and Lisa might find simulating.
Nonetheless, Lisa was still a bit apprehensive about being involved in an erotic photo session. It took a couple more weeks of Ralph's gently nudging before she started to warm up to the concept. The tipping point for Lisa's approval was the knowledge that either one of them could stop the shoot at any time if they felt uncomfortable with it. That assurance seemed to seal the deal to go ahead with the naughty plan.
My crazy suggestion to Ralph that I had given him a few weeks ago had now been given the green light. Thinking it would be best to have a neutral location for the shoot, I told Ralph to book a large master suite at a nearby 5-star hotel for the following weekend.
It goes without saying that I had a few planning details to work on before the shoot. By far my best decision was to hire a fun-loving gal I had known for a couple years named Julie to work as my photography assistant.
Now Julie was a beautiful, petite, 5'8" 26-year-old, free spirit who was always open to new adventures. As long as Julie felt comfortable with both Ralph and Lisa, I knew she would probably be willing to "assist" me with some special needs that might develop during the shoot. I just had to cross my fingers that the right chemistry would exist within the group for everything to work as planned.
The day of the photo shoot:
Carrying a couple cameras, Julie and I knocked on the door of the hotel suite. Lisa opened the door and greeted us a little nervously as she let us in. After introducing Julie as my photography assistant to both Ralph and Lisa, we sat down with some drinks to discuss some of the photos I wanted to capture.
Within 20 minutes of causal conversation, the slight tension that existed between everyone started to melt away. It was obvious that both Ralph and Lisa had taken a liking to Julie. The chemistry within the room was excellent. So far so good!
The pacing of the shoot was an important element in making this whole thing work. Right off the bat it was important for me to establish a level of professional confidence and control over this shoot, so that both Lisa and Ralph would quickly feel comfortable to what might otherwise be an awkward situation.
Without much ado, I casually asked Lisa to strip down to her bra and panties as I prepped my camera.
Standing in front of us, Lisa's face became a little flushed from embarrassment as she slowly started to unbutton her purple blouse. It was obvious that Lisa was a bit self-conscious with the idea of stripping down to her underwear. But being a good sport, Lisa took off her blouse revealing her firm apple sized boobs nicely contained within her lacy white bra. Somewhat unexpectedly, Lisa's nipples seemed excited as they pressed enticingly against the sheer white fabric of her bra. Damn she looked sexy!
Sheepishly, Lisa turned her semi-nude body away from our gaze. It was obvious that Lisa felt a bit vulnerable of taking the next step in removing her jeans in full view of our group. There was a slight pause as Lisa contemplated her startling situation.
Thankfully, Ralph murmured a few words of encouragement to his wife. Lisa exhaled deeply as her fingers fidgeted nervously with the buttons on the front of her jeans. Slowly the buttons of Lisa's jeans popped open one at a time, giving everyone a nice glimpse of her white cotton panties.
To ease the tension, I playfully asked Ralph if it was OK if I had Julie assist his wife. Ralph agreed with a small chuckle. Without losing a beat, I instructed Julie to help Lisa with the removal of her jeans.
Julie gingerly reached over and grasped both sides of Lisa's jeans and pushed firmly down. A little gasp escaped Lisa's lips as she realized that her tight jeans were slipping off her sexy ass. Good God, what a sight! Lisa firm little heart-shaped butt came into view. It was absolutely heavenly!
Lisa's face blushed a hot pink with her almost naked body now fully exposed. Holy fuck! It was now very obvious why she was a bit apprehensive about removing her jeans. Lisa's sexy thong panties barely covered the crack of her lusciously firm ass! The view was seductively tantalizing as the rim of Lisa's sexy asshole could be seen peeking around the narrow strip of thin fabric. Fucking damn sexy!
Starting the shoot, I took a few shots of Lisa's sexy thong, which beautifully framed her nicely golden ass cheeks. Slowly, Lisa started to warm up to the flow of things, attracted by all the attention her sexy butt was receiving. The photos I was capturing with my camera were extremely titillating. The color contrast between Lisa's nicely tanned ass and her white thong was fucking erotic!
Judging by the somewhat naughty smile she flashed back at us, Lisa seemed to be enjoying her newfound exhibitionist persona. The sight of Lisa's beautiful sexy butt definitely energized the sexual electricity within the room. I could feel my cock was starting to take notice.
Wickedly, I decided to push this erotic shoot to the next level. Nonchalantly I instructed Lisa to bend over the bed so that her sexy ass would be sticking perfectly up in the air.
With just a minor pout of protest, Lisa obediently bent over the bed. Ralph enthusiastically was soaking up the view as he watched his wife being ordered to pose her sexy little butt in such a revealing position. Lisa's sexy little asshole was immodestly covered as her white thong stretched provocatively along her butt crack. Holy fuck, what a beautiful sight! I snapped a few more vividly revealing pictures.
Teasingly, Julie suggested to Ralph that he should move his chair in closer so that he had a perfect view of his wife's upturned ass. Ralph eagerly complied. Keeping things professional, I reminded Ralph that he was in charge of stopping us if anything being done to his wife made him feel uncomfortable. Ralph mischievously nodded in agreement.
The shoot was going superbly. Without skipping a beat, I asked Julie to apply some moisturizing lotion to Lisa's butt so that it would glisten for the next series of photos. Lisa let out a slightly nervous giggle as she realized that Julie's petite hands would soon be roaming over her highly exposed ass.
Julie teasingly dribbled some white lotion on each of Lisa's firm butt cheeks. The slightly cool lotion tauntingly triggered small goose bumps to appear on Lisa's flawlessly beautiful skin. My cock stirred with desire as I gazed longingly at Lisa's sexy butt being splattered with the white liquid.
Slowly Julie's cute fingers started to rub the lotion over Lisa's golden skin. Ralph eyes were glued to the spectacle as Julie petite hands cheerfully explored his wife's exposed butt. Occasionally one of Julie's fingers would playfully bump up against Lisa's white thong, shifting the thin fabric - naughtily exposing Lisa's sexy little asshole for our viewing pleasure!
Before long, a wicked little game evolved where I tried to snap close-ups of Lisa's asshole whenever Julie's hand "accidentally" shifted the white thong fabric from the crack of Lisa's sexy ass. Ralph laughed in appreciation upon seeing some of the explicit photos of his wife's asshole being displayed on the LCD screen of my camera. Things were definitely heating up!
The atmosphere within the room was rapidly becoming very sexually charged as Julie's lotion covered fingers provocatively moved closer to Lisa's anus. By the mighty bulge starting to form within Ralph's pants, it was clear that he was really enjoying the sight of his wife's anally compromised position. Becoming a bit bolder, Julie started spreading Lisa's ass cheeks apart causing her little thong panties to totally shift over to one side. Lisa good-naturedly played along, whimpering in mock protest as she reached around to adjust her panties, so as to try and cover her increasingly exposed pussy and asshole.
But Lisa's immodest thong panties provided little defense to the onslaught of Julie's resolute fingers. Lisa halfheartedly tried to keep a semblance of decency, but it was a losing battle as little beads of moisture started to appear around edges of her pussy. Fuck, our sexy little exhibitionist was getting very wet! Then without warning, Julie pulled Lisa's thong panties completely off giving us an unrestricted view to Lisa's glistening pussy and cute little asshole!
Lisa's sexy little asshole and pussy were now fully exposed for our visual examination. After firing off a half dozen photos of Lisa's erotically exposed cunt and anus, I asked Ralph if it was OK if we conducted a little examination of his wife's pussy. With a naughty grin on his face, Ralph eagerly nodded his approval. A small ripple of nervousness moved over Lisa's body as she reacted to the thought of her pussy being examined in such an intimate way.
Lisa held her breath as she felt Julie's petite fingers gently spread apart her sensitive wet pussy lips, revealing her hotly fired-up vaginal passageway. There was a momentary hush as our eyes roamed deep into Lisa's enchanted little treasure box. Ah fantastic! Lisa let out a heated moan from all the pleasurable sensations of having three sets of eyeballs examining the most intimate details of her wet pussy hole.
Lisa's mind shuddered with hot flashes of erotic energy. The thought of having a group of people closely examining the delicate folds, crevices and inner walls of her sexually charged vagina was absolutely mind-blowing! Lisa's pussy gushed with her warm juices as hotly erotic thoughts swirled together with some of her most secret exhibitionist fantasies.
After being given a wonderful introduction to Lisa's beautifully delicious pussy, I decided to up the ante a bit. I asked Julie if she could "pose" her beautiful face next to Lisa's pussy and maybe do a little oral action for the camera. Julie gave me a mischievous wink as she knelt down and firmly spread Lisa's sexy ass cheeks apart. Lisa muffled a sexy groan when Julie's succulent lips pressing up against the very sensitive folds of her hot pussy. Fucking beautiful! I clicked off a few more great shots.
Julie started playfully flicking her wet tongue with wild abandon around Lisa's sexually charged pussy and clit. Lisa moaned in delightful satisfaction as Julie's soft tongue poked and wiggled into her secret honey pot of sensual delight. God, how my cock stirred with fucking desire for Lisa's sexy wet hole!
Julie continued to playfully spread open Lisa's pink pussy lips so that both Ralph and I could gaze lustfully into the raging depths of his wife's hot little cunt. Lisa was panting in fire-up sexual desire from all the pleasurable activity happening between her beautiful legs. Our naughty exhibitionist was totally enjoying the thrill of being lustfully analyzed by her enraptured audience.
Having taken some wonderfully erotic photos of Lisa's pussy being explored with Julie's sensual tongue, my eyes drifted over to Lisa's fully exposed, cute little asshole. I handed Ralph a bottle of oil. Wickedly, I suggested to Ralph that he should squirt some oil into his wife's hot little ass. Ralph's face lit up with a big grin as his wife's sexy asshole contracted nervously in anticipation.
Julie continued to playfully lick Lisa's pussy as Ralph and I focused on his wife's beautiful butt that poked up temptingly into the air. Lending a hand to the situation, I helped spread Lisa's firm ass cheeks apart so that Ralph had better access for inserting the tip of the bottle into his wife's tight little anus.
Lisa let out a pleasurable groan as Ralph naughtily pressed the tip of the bottle into her tight anal passage. Holy fuck. We all had a front row seat as the plastic nozzle invaded Lisa's sexy asshole! Without warning, Ralph gave the bottle a firm squeeze.
Lisa trebled in pleasure as the cool oil flowed up into her narrow passageway. Fuck that was sexy! Giving the bottle another squeeze, Ralph squirted another gusher of oil into his wife's very hot ass. Lisa squealed in girlish delight, as her exhibitionist desires started to overtake her normally reserved sexual composure.
Using both of my hands, I pulled Lisa's ass cheeks further apart so that everyone had a fantastic view of her oiled up anus. Fuckingly hot! Lisa's sexy asshole was now fully lubed up and exposed between her beautiful ass cheeks.
Mischievously, Julie placed one of her petite fingers at the entrance of Lisa's fully lubricated asshole as Ralph and I looked on. Lisa momentarily held her breath as her body froze with excited anticipation. Teasingly, Julie's fingertip made a slow circle around the sexy rim of Lisa's asshole.
Everyone's eyes were firmly glued to this immensely erotic scene. I snapped a couple photos as Lisa's little asshole tightened in reaction to the gentle pressure from Julie's finger. Fucking erotic!
Seductively, Julie's fingertip slowly drifted over the sexy rim and pushed ever so slightly into Lisa's tight virgin anal canal. A soft groan escaped from Lisa's lips as she felt Julie's finger slowly slip in. Provocatively, Julie pushed her finger about an inch into Lisa's naughty little ass. Holy fuck! My cock so desperately wanted to join in the fun!
What an awesome sight. Our eyes feasted on Lisa's tight little buns framing a cute asshole that was being penetrated by Julie's petite sexy finger. Lisa's asshole quivered suggestively from all the pleasurable attention. Fuck, this was an anally explicit scene that would forever be imprinted on my mind!
Both Ralph and I soaked up the highly erotic show as Lisa's asshole slowly gave way then tightened with each penetration of Julie's finger. Lisa continued to moan in sheer delight. Fuck, it was so fucking hot to watch a 26-year-old babe anally finger fuck Ralph's wife! I dutifully snapped some more amazingly erotic photos of this incredible mind-blowing scene.
Finally Julie playfully pulled her petite finger out of Lisa's anus and firmly spread Lisa's sexy ass cheeks apart, allowing us all to gaze lustfully at her puckered naughty asshole. Holy fuck, what a sweet sexy lubed up asshole!
Reinforced with her new found exhibitionist persona, Lisa started to breathlessly taunt us with fired-up comments about how horny it made her feel to have all of us looking at her very compromised little butt. Ralph's cock pressed menacingly from his trousers upon hearing his wife's audacious, anally suggestive words.
I could sense a change in the tide. Lisa glanced back at everyone with wickedly seductive eyes as her mind started to fully comprehend the erotic power that her naughty asshole was having on our group.
This whole erotically charged scene had left my cock standing at full salute within my pants. Oh, how I desperately needed to dump a big load of cum into a sexy little butt! Lisa's sweet asshole was an enticingly tempting target. Nonetheless, that sweet little hole needed to be reserved for Ralph to exploit a bit later! Lucky guy!!
My sexually charged thoughts quickly gravitated to Julie's tight jeans, which were wrapped beautifully around her sexy 26-year-old butt. That got my sexually charged naughty mind thinking...
With a matter-of-fact attitude, I asked everyone if they were ready to continue with the next phase of the photo shoot. There were happy giggles of approval from everyone. Fantastic!
With a teasingly wicked frankness, I told Julie that I wanted to get a few shots of her panty-clad ass next to Lisa. Ralph's eyes lit up. Julie tossed me a mischievous smile as she obediently started to pull off her tight jeans and blouse.
Within moments, Julie's beautifully toned feminine body was marvelously on display, dressed only in her white bra and panties. I instructed Julie to move right next to Lisa on the bed so that both women's butts would be sticking up into the air side-by-side. Julie shot me a wicked little grin as she moved her panty-clad butt next to Lisa upturned naked ass.
I instructed Julie that I wanted her to start kissing Lisa as Ralph playfully started to massage and explore his wife's sexy butt. Everything fell beautifully into place as moans, giggles and breathless sighs filled the air. I started snapping some amazingly erotic photos of my sexually charged models as they eased into hot little moments of pleasure and laughter.
Wow, what a fucking sexy sight. The addition of Julie's cute little panty-clad butt right next to Lisa's fully exposed pussy and asshole brought a whole new level of stiffness to my super excited cock. I continued to snap a few more wonderfully erotic photos of the ladies kissing in the background framed with two fuckingly hot sexy female butts in my foreground. Beautiful, fuckingly beautiful!
As both women teasingly kissed each other, Ralph was playfully poking his cock all around his wife's fully exposed holes. Everyone was emitting moans of blissful pleasure in this sexy romp.
Mischievously, I proceeded to move directly behind Julie's sexy upturned panty-clad butt. I had an uncontrollable yearning to showcase Julie's asshole for the next series of shots. Julie let out a surprised whimper as my hand pulled down her thin white cotton panties revealing her fuckingly awesome little asshole and pussy.
My God, Julie was a stunning hot-assed babe! My cock pressed against my jeans with surges of excitement as my eyes glazed over in lust at Julie's super cute little pussy and anus. Ralph groaned in agreement at the wonderful sight of two fully exposed assholes and pussies that poked enticingly into the air.
After all the super-heated sexual activity during the past hour, Julie's sexy little cunt was already glistening with her pussy juices. My mind swirled with lust as I squirted some lubrication gel onto my fingers.
Julie let out a sexy little giggle as my fingertip gently pressed some cool gel around the rim of her cute little asshole. God did she have a sexy asshole! Ralph picked up my camera and fired off a few explicit shots of Julie's hot little anus being lubed up.
Wickedly, I then decided to squirt the whole tube of gel directly into Julie's hot little butt. Ralph helped lend a hand as he pulled Julie's ass cheeks apart to give the tube nozzle unrestricted access into her tight little anus. Julie moaned loudly as the cool tip of the nozzle touched the rim of her sexually charged asshole.
Gently I pushed the tip past her tight anal ring so that the nozzle penetrated deeply into her anal canal. Julie's face flushed a bright red as her little asshole trembled with anticipation. Her sexy asshole clenched naughtily around the invading plastic nozzle. Sensing that her little butt was about to receive a large blast of gel, Julie started moaning and squirming in fired-up delight.
With the tip of the tube firmly planted inside her puckered anus, I slowly started to squeeze the slippery wet gel deep inside her sweet little ass. Julie let out a loud gasp as the cool gel forced its way into her hot anal passageway. Slowly I emptied the entire tube of gel into Julie's naughty little anus. Julie let out a seductively wicked little moan of satisfaction.
Oh God, how I wanted to play with Julie's tempting little asshole! With a naughty grin on my face, I pushed a well-lubricated finger slowly into Julie's sexy little anus. Julie groaned in approval. Holy fuck did she have a tight ass!
My cock stirred with lustful desire as my eyes focused on the wickedly sexy sight of my finger slipping into Julie's cute little butt. The milky cum within my balls were boiling with heated anticipation.
Julie let out another sexy groan as she felt my finger slide into her well-lubricated ass. Both Ralph and Lisa were spellbound with Julie's daring attitude as her free-spirited little asshole playfully gripped my finger. Goddamn, I was anally finger fucking my wonderfully, beautiful photography assistant!
Pulling my finger out of her sexy ass, I released my super-hard cock from the restricted confines of my jeans. Julie flashed me a teasingly wicked smile as she noticed my engorged restless cock that was now bouncing dangerously close to her vulnerable little asshole.
Goddamn my cock so desperately wanted to explore the tight confines of her sexy little ass! Julie tauntingly wiggled her butt encouragingly as she seductively asked me if her tight little asshole would be able to handle such a big cock. Good God did Julie know how to turn up the heat! Holy fuck!!
Continuing with the playfully wicked seduction, Julie's petite finger now taunted everyone as it slowly pressed into her sexy little anus. The room was electrified in sexual tension. With a sexy little moan, Julie pushed her finger a little deeper into her tight little asshole. There was almost a mystical silence within our group as we all became fully captivated by this young woman's anally evocative display.
Julie's naughty little anus had broken all chains of decency within each of our minds as her finger playfully wiggled inside her sexy little butt. Watching Julie finger-fuck her own asshole made my balls desperate to shoot a big load of cum into her sexy butthole. Julie moaned with heated satisfaction as she perceive the erotic spell she had cast over everyone by her sexual boldness.
Julie's sexy asshole was too goddamn tempting! I grabbed a tube of gel and coated my incredibly excited cock with some lubrication. My dick was stiff as a board as I came up behind Julie and aimed the head of my cock towards her sweet little anus.
My body was shaking in sheer sexual excitement. Carefully I pressed my cock against her tight anal opening as a little moan escaped from Julie's lips. Good God, my heart was pounding furiously with desire.
Julie's asshole quivered slightly as the engorged head of my cock slowly slipped pass her tight anal ring. Goddamn she was tight! Julie took a deep breath as her well-lubricated asshole finally opened up just enough to allow my cock entrance into her very narrow passageway. Fucking Christ! Julie's gel-filled asshole felt so good as it squeezed firmly around my excited cock!
We both groaned with passionate satisfaction as my cock slowly pushed deep into her hot little butt. Both Ralph and Lisa stared on lustfully as they watched Julie's beautifully firm ass cheeks spread apart, enabling my cock to trespass deep inside her sexy little asshole. Julie really knew how to entertain an audience as her naughty asshole surrendered helplessly to the anal invasion!
With astonishing bravado, Lisa positioned her hand between Julie's legs and started massaging Julie's sensitive clit. Julie's flushed face had an appreciatively sexy grin from the added simulation happening between her legs.
The sight of Julie's beautiful ass cheeks being parted as my cock penetrated into her sweet asshole was so fucking erotic! I instructed Ralph to take a few snapshots for my own scrapbook. Julie moaned in a trace-like state each time my cock filled her anal passageway. Holy fucking Christ! Julie's very naughty asshole was playfully squeezing my cock in full view of everyone.
Almost breathlessly, Lisa whispered to her husband on how incredible erotic it was to watch Julie getting fucked in the ass. Ralph's face lit up with a big smirk upon hearing his wife's anally suggestive comment.
Julie started grunting loudly with heated desire as her little asshole and clit were being fucked and played with. Suddenly Julie's sexually charged body started to tremble as her little asshole and pussy seized up with some powerful contractions. Julie's high-pitched squeal signaled the start of an exploding orgasm as she began blasting off into a wickedly orgasmic euphoria.
Grabbing her hips, I sunk my cock deep inside her tight butthole. With my cock buried deep inside her ass, I had a fantastic backdoor seat to Julie's intensely powerful orgasmic waves that caused her little asshole to spasm around my dick. Goddamn that felt so good!
My dick struggled feverishly to last a little longer before dumping its sticky load. Looking down at Julie's sexy butt, I could feel her little asshole pulsating around my dick as her intense orgasm continued to ravage her body. It was too much. My mind exploded with lust-filled jolts of anguished sexual desire.
The intensely erotic sight of my hard cock buried deep inside Julie's sexy little butt triggered my cum-filled balls to release. HOLY FUCK!! FUCK!!! FUCK!!!!! With uncontrollable fervor, my dick exploded, releasing a huge load of sticky white cum deep inside her hot little asshole. HOLY FUCK!!!!! Julie squealed in wicked delight as she felt my hot cum shooting deep inside her ass.
I totally collapsed on the bed in a sexually gratified daze. Julie's little asshole had milked my balls completely dry. What a fucking awesome babe!
It took me a few minutes to recover. To help revive me, Julie teasingly wiggled her sexy little cum filled butt in my face and reminded me that we still had a photo shoot to finish. Fucking right! Lisa and Ralph laughed in agreement. After observing Julie's anally erotic exploits, they had some fired-up sexual energy that needed liberating. With a wicked grin, I started giving out instructions for the next sequence of shots. I had both women on all fours next to each other with their naked butts raised in the air. I then instructed Ralph to start fucking his wife's pussy doggie style. Ralph jumped eagerly behind his wife and slipped his manhood into his wife's soaking hot pussy.
Lisa let out a moan of pleasure as her pussy was filled up with her husband's engorged cock. With pent-up desire, Ralph starting banging franticly into his wife's sexy little pussy. I then told Julie to focus on sucking and kissing Lisa's sensitive neck and ears and whatever else caught her fancy.
A little groan escaped breathlessly out of Lisa's lips as her body soaked up the sensations of being fucked, kissed, exploited, photographed and used. I snapped some hotly erotic close-up shots of Lisa's wet cunt, firm breasts and virgin asshole that were all enraptured in the sexual moment. Fuckingly beautiful!
I allowed the fucking and sucking to continue for a few heated minutes, before revealing my next creative brainstorm. Now with two beautiful feminine butts bent over doggie style in the foreground of my camera's viewfinder, I instructed Lisa that I wanted her looking back over her shoulder towards Julie's upturned naked butt. I framed my camera so that I could see Lisa's face looking directly at Julie's upturned butt cheeks, with Ralph framed to the left of the frame as his dick slowly fucked his wife's pussy. It was a perfect composition. I hesitated for a moment, as I knew my next set of instructions were wickedly bold.
In a firm, confident voice I instructed Ralph to insert his finger into Julie's tight asshole as I captured the photographic moment with his wife looking on! Lisa's jaw dropped as my words reverberated inside her head. I had just instructed her husband to poke his finger into Julie's asshole!
I sensed Ralph's eyes gazing lustfully at the tight entrance to Julie's lubed up asshole. Ralph briefly hesitated to gauge his wife's reaction. Lisa was slightly stunned, but the moment passed quickly. Sensing a little tension within Lisa's body, Julie gamely redirected some of Lisa's attention by sucking and licking a little harder on her sensitive nipples.
With a slightly impatient voice, I again instructed Ralph that I wanted his finger invading Julie's asshole for my next shot. Ralph licked his lips hungrily at Julie's beautifully exposed asshole that poke up enticingly into the air. Ralph's anally intoxicated mental damn of desire broke open. I snapped a few shots as Ralph's hand approached Julie's firm little butt cheeks. Lisa let out a small whimper of protest, but it was too late. Ralph's very eager finger had found the entrance to Julie's tight anal opening.
Julie let out a small moan as her little asshole was invaded by Ralph's finger. Lisa tried murmuring another small protest, but Ralph slammed his very excited cock deep into his wife's pussy to help divert her attention.
At that moment Lisa felt a mixture of jealousy and wicked pleasure. Her husband was anally finger fucking a hot 26-year-old woman while her pussy was being used for his pleasure. The craziness of it all penetrated deeply into some new sources of sexual pleasure that had never before been breeched within her mind, body and soul. An intense wave of sheer eroticism exploded within the core of her sexual being. This was a totally new experience of sexual discovery.
The normal sexual boundaries that had previously defined her relationship with her husband seemed to have melted away. Even Lisa's own pussy and asshole had been pleasurably exploited and exhibited in full view of strangers. Good God! It was too much for Lisa to comprehend, with all the sensual gratification that was being unleashed. Being used, fucked, photographed, intimate examinations of her pussy, having oil squirted deep inside her butt, displaying her naked body to strangers, having Julie finger fuck her asshole, anticipation of the unexpected, unbridled lustful displays of passion, nervous excitement, exhibitionism and secret erotic cravings were all rolled together as one. How would it all end? Lisa's secretly hidden sexual feelings, long ignored and suppressed, were finally blooming in full force. Crazy, totally crazy, so beautifully, wonderfully, refreshingly crazy!
Lisa felt like she was truly naked for the first time. Fully exposed, exploited and used! There were no boundaries in her passionate lust-filled embrace of sexual pleasure. She was being fucked like a very naughty girl in front of total strangers while her husband was also finger-fucking the asshole of another woman! It was too much! A powerful surge of sexual electricity jolted within her mind. Almost without warning, earth-shattering jolts of orgasmic energy racked the pleasure centers of Lisa's lust-filled mind. Lisa's huge erotic dam was exploding wide open. Suddenly, Lisa let out a ripping, lust-filled orgasmic groan. Ralph held firm as he pounded his dick into his sexy wife's very wet pussy. In full view for everyone to see, Lisa's asshole was winking with wild abandon as wave after wave or orgasmic energy pulsated throughout her body. Lisa's body shook uncontrollably with unbridled, pent-up sexual passion that exploded with wild ferocity.
Watching his beautiful wife shaking with wild orgasmic abandonment, Ralph did something he had always secretly wanted to do. With a naughty grin, Ralph reached for a tube of gel and pressed the nozzle up into his wife's sexually charged asshole. Lisa gasped. With a very firm squeeze, Ralph squirted a ton of the wet gel deep inside his wife's hot anal canal. Lisa let out a squeal of pleasure as the cool liquid filled her sexy ass. All the sexual walls seemed to be crashing down at once as Lisa shook violently with another powerful orgasm.
Barely regaining her composure from her orgasmic jolts of pleasure, a sultry smile came across Lisa's face. A wicked little idea had formed within Lisa's sexually crazed mind.
With a sexy gleam in her eye, Lisa teasingly apologized for allowing her exhibitionist fantasies to have progressed so far as allowing everyone to see the very private orgasmic spasms of her anus. Then in a very subservient voice Lisa asked her husband if he could think of a "punishment" for her little asshole's bad public behavior.
Ralph's mind shuddered with a long suppressed craving to exploit his wife's sexy little asshole. The thought of shooting a load of cum deep inside his wife's ass made his balls ache with crazy desire. Now, before his very eyes, his wife was turning into a wickedly seductive anal goddess. Fuck, holy FUCK! With a wicked grin, Ralph lost any inhibitions as he moved his rock hard cock between the golden globes of his wife's beautiful ass.
Lisa moaned with sheer excitement knowing that an audience would be watching the intimate details of her anal deflowering. Playfully, Lisa wiggled her butt enticingly, her little puckered asshole was ready for some real action. Holy fuck was she hot! Lisa's virgin asshole quivered with anticipation of being fully exploited, fucked, filled and used for the lusty delights of everyone.
My eyes feasted on Lisa's tight firm buns framing her super sexy little asshole. God she had a fantastic ass! I could totally understand Ralph's heated desire to anally fuck his wife. My own mind swam with thoughts of spreading her sexy golden butt cheeks apart and plowing my cock deep into her hot little asshole! Fucking hot! But for now, Ralph had the exquisite privilege of poking around into her sexy rear entrance.
With a focused effort, Ralph pressed the head of his cock against his wife's tightly puckered ass. The head of Ralph's well-lubed cock met some resistance as Lisa's tight asshole initially refused to cooperate. Ralph grunted with pent-up determination. With a girlish giggle, Lisa wiggled her cute butt causing Ralph's cock to bounce enticingly around the rim of her sexy asshole. They both groaned together with uninhibited desire to test the boundaries of Lisa's naughty little anus. With a sense of urgency, Ralph pushed his cock firmly as he slowly pried open his wife's tight little asshole. A deep groan escaped Lisa's lips as she felt the erotic sensation of her asshole slowly being invaded by her husband's super hard cock.
Fuck, what an awesome sight! I snapped a few close-ups of Ralph's dick firmly planted inside his wife's beautiful ass. This was a picture of mind-blowing erotica for their sexy scrapbook.
Slowly, Ralph gently started to anally fuck his wife's tight virgin asshole. The whole scene of watching Lisa being anally deflowered was erotically captivating. Lisa's had a seductively wicked grin on her face with the realization that she was living out some of her secret fantasies of being used and exploited without any inhibitions or judgments.
In a girlishly naughty voice, Lisa teasingly taunted Ralph that she wanted him to shoot a big load of hot cum deep inside her ass. Ralph panted in heated agreement even though he was a bit startled by his wife's wickedly blunt request.
Lisa cooed in heated delight as her punishment continued deep inside her naughty anal passageway. Lisa gave me a sultry smirk, as she demanded in a sexy voice that I shoot plenty of pictures of her little asshole being fucked! Good God! Holy mother of Christ! Our anal goddess was in full bloom. I clicked off a dozen shots of Lisa's asshole being fully plugged with her husband's super hard cock. These were some fucking explicit close-up pictures of Lisa's asshole as it squeezed the living daylights out of her husband's cock!
Julie let out a desirous sigh as she witnessed the erotic images of Lisa's beautiful anal fucking being explicitly displayed on my camera's LCD screen. Looking over to Ralph she suggestively teased him that her sexy asshole was craving some more finger action. Ralph's eyes lit up as he plowed his hard cock into his wife's tight asshole. Fuck Julie knew how to press all the right buttons!
Playfully biting her lower lip, Julie seductively asked me to get some erotic close-up shots as Ralph anally finger-fucked her tight asshole. Eager to please, I stuck the camera lens right between Julie's butt cheeks as Ralph's finger teased the rim of her asshole. Playing along, I told Ralph that the shot would look best if he inserted the entire length of his finger up into her tight anal passage. Julie let out a girlish squeal as Ralph's finger slowly pushed into her sexy butt. Fuck that looked hot! I clicked off quite a few shots of Julie's tight asshole griping the base of Ralph's thick finger.
This was an erotically earth-shattering moment! Both babes now had their beautiful naked rear ends sticking up in the air, with Ralph's cock buried deep inside his wife's asshole, along with a finger wiggling playfully in Julie's anus. Lisa and Julie were moaning in unison as Ralph continued to pleasure their naughty little holes. It was a fuckingly hot scene.
The intensely erotic sight of invading two sexy assholes at the same time put Ralph's sexual charged mind into overdrive. I could sense that Ralph's cock was not going to last much longer inside his wife's incredibly sexy little butt.
In a sexually delirious haze, Lisa's virgin asshole constricted tightly around her husband's desperate cock. With an intense grimace on his face, Ralph made a final push into his wife's fucking hot ass. Suddenly, Ralph grunted violently. Lisa's tight little asshole gripped Ralph's super-excited cock as he went over the brink. Ralph let out an immensely deep groan, as an earth-shattering thunderclap of orgasmic release burst forth as load upon load of hot white cum spurted deep into his wife's hot virgin anal canal.
Fucking amazing! I put my camera down. No picture could ever capture the sensually erotic power of that moment.
A few minutes passed before everyone started coming to their senses. For the past couple hours the sexual euphoria within the room had blurred away any inhibitions. But understandably, an awkward silence now enveloped our group as our minds drifted back into reality.
Julie was the first to glance around slightly in embarrassment when her compromised cum-filled asshole started leaking down her long sexy legs. We all chuckled as her face blushed a bright red.
Julie's reputation within the community was that she was a charming, wholesome, good girl next-door type. But our cherished images of Julie were that of her cute little 26-year-old butt being filled up with a massive load of cum, an entire bottle of lubrication gel and the temporary home to a few eager fingers which wiggled joyfully up her tight anal passageway!
Julie flashed a quirky smile as she made a beeline to the bathroom to wash up. My cock stirred with satisfaction upon seeing the beautiful crack of Julie's sexy ass as she walked by. Fucking hot!
As Julie washed up in the bathroom, I complimented Ralph and Lisa for being so free spirited during the whole photo session. They definitely seemed to have recaptured the first flush of unadulterated passion and sexual desire within their relationship.
Lisa now exhibited a newfound sexual confidence as she walked around the room totally naked without any inhibitions, providing unrestricted views of her cute pussy and asshole. And Ralph was blissfully talking about all the sticky loads of punishment he wanted to pump between his wife's golden butt cheeks in the weeks ahead. Things were looking good for them.
After 10 minutes the bathroom door finally opened revealing Julie's freshly showered, wet naked body. With a sultry smirk on her face, Julie gracefully walked her beautifully toned nude body across the room. Damn did she know how to make an entrance!
Julie could sense all of our eyes feasting on the outlines of her bare pussy, butt and breasts as she walked by. Teasingly regaining her naughty spirit, Julie bent over the bed and spread her firm ass cheeks apart, giving everyone a perfect view of her sweet little freshly washed pussy and asshole. Looking back at us with a radiantly sexy smile, Julie teasingly asked if anyone wanted any more erotic snapshots of her cute little 26-year-old butt.
We all erupted in laughter.
Damn, I am looking forward to our next photo shoot!
*
Authors Note: Did you find this story simulating? If you enjoyed this story, then your feedback will encourage me to write more! Look forward to your suggestions, comments or regular feedback. :)