I hope you enjoy this story. Most of this is told by Merilee but watch for the change to Cherry's voice. Really need to read the preceding parts to understand the storyline.
Edited by DRGriffin
Jake has Mark punish me
I awoke Monday morning, sore from being screwed in all my holes over the weekend by Jake and his son Josh. I was glad that Jake had given me a couple of days to heal up from the sex marathon. He had me on the normal routine with the exception I didn't have to diddle myself after exercise.
With my exercise routine, I was really in shape. Twice a week, I was running six miles. Every other day I ran three miles. On most days, I did calisthenics on my front patio then ran almost two miles to a park Jake had shown me, used the exercise stations set up in the park and ran back home. In total, it took me an hour or more every day. I was in so much better shape and my ass was considerably larger but firm and my stomach was flat.
Mark joined me on the days he didn't have to do breakfast at the shelter. He was getting in better shape also but couldn't keep up with me. I usually left him behind on the runs but he would catch up while I was doing the park stations. I also had accumulated an audience. Particularly in the park. It was routine to have several men waiting for me at the stations.
On Tuesday morning, my body was healed and my twat was beginning to rebel against my abstinence. This morning I wore a new outfit I made. I cut one of Mark's thin white A-shirts and cut it to where the bottom covered to the bottom of my bra. Because it was Mark's shirt the arm holes and the neck line was loose. I had to wear a bra to run comfortably. I cut the material out of a sports bra except for a couple of inches to keep my large breast from drooping too much. I wore a pair of thin nylon shorts Jake had given me without any panties. Yes, truly trailer trash.
Mark seemed to be used to my displays. There was no doubt I flashed him every time I bent over. And in the park, six men and Mark watched me use the exercise stations. I flashed them for fifteen minutes before starting my run home. This time a couple of the men followed us all the way back to our trailer.
The strangest thing happened, when I closed the door to the trailer, I found myself fantasizing about inviting them in and having a gang bang. I went directly to my phone and text Jake with a picture of my outfit.
Me: 'What do you think of my homemade outfit?'
Jake: 'Looks like you could attract a wolf pack.'
Me: 'Ha, I did. Can I have an orgasm this morning as a reward for initiative.'
Jake: 'Is Mark there?'
Me: 'Yes.'
Jake: 'Yes. But Mark has to watch and tell me about it.'
I was ready to do almost anything.
Me: 'I will tell him.'
Jake: 'Come to work thirty minutes early this afternoon. Sid and I want to talk to you.'
Me: 'Yes Sir. Anything to worry about.'
Jake: 'You are going to have to learn to be more positive. Have Mark give you five strokes with the leather paddle and tell him why you are being punished. Wear your largest anal plug. Have Mark report to me on the punishment.'
Me: 'Yes Sir.'
It excited me that Jake was going to make Mark punish me and then report back to him.
I came back into the living room/kitchen where Mark was drinking water. I took one of Jake's sports drink.
I said, "How do you like my outfit?"
Mark answered, "It is something. You know that those guys were watching every move you made."
"I know. Mark, it turned me on and I want to have an orgasm. Jake gave me permission to have an orgasm if you watch and report back to him on what happened. Want to watch?"
"If I can get off doing it."
"He didn't say you couldn't. In fact, if you will give me five licks with the paddle and watch me have an orgasm, I will give you a blow job."
Mark smiled and said, "Deal."
I said, "Let's get naked and go to the bedroom."
I got Miss Bi, my large anal plug and lube out. We both took our clothes off. I handed the paddle to Mark and said, "Give me five whacks. I took a negative attitude toward Jake when he asked me to do something simple. This is my punishment."
I handed Mark the paddle and put my hands on the bed. Mark hesitated. I looked back and said, "Are you going to hit me?"
Mark said, "I'm not sure I can. Your ass is so beautiful."
I pleaded, "Please hit me with the paddle. Jake commands it."
Mark hit me a soft lick. "Thank you. Please give me another harder."
Mark asked, "Would you do anything Jake tells you?"
"I think so."
This lick was much harder.
I said, "Thank you. Please give me another. I think you meant that last one."
Mark said, "I know my place but it does make me a little mad."
Whack. "Thank you. Please give me another. Mark, I think we are just forming a different relationship. You are still my husband but Jake is my Master."
Whack. Mark said, "I know and truthfully I am happier than I have been in a long time."
"Good. Thank you. Please give me another."
Whack. And this one was hard. "Thank you, Mark. That last one made up for the first. Is my ass red?"
"Yes."
"Take a picture and send it to Jake in your report. I want him to know that I was really punished." I could feel my juices running down my legs. I knew that Jake would see it. Mark took the picture on his phone. Still bent over I handed him the lube. "Please lube my ass hole and shove this in."
Mark stuck two fingers covered in lube into my butthole and pushed the large anal plug that was about the size of Jake into it. As he pushed it in, I fantasized this was Jake's big dick. I thought about Jake's beautiful dick deep in my ass while Josh fucked my pussy. I was so ready for an orgasm.
Mark finally got it all the way in. I said, "Take a picture of the plug."
I laid back on the bed and shoved Miss Bi to the hilt. I had an immediate orgasm. I jerked and squealed for what seemed like minutes. When I came down I looked over at Mark sitting in the chair watching me pleasure myself. The pain from inserting the large anal plug had turned to a pleasant feeling that I knew made my orgasm that much better.
I smiled at him as he was slowly stroking his little member. I said, "Come over here and let me help you with that." Miss Bi stayed impaled in my dripping vagina as I sat up. Mark came over and stood in front of me. I took his little dick in my mouth and started sucking. I didn't stop moving my hips with the long prong of Miss Bi rubbing on my G-spot as the little extension pressed into my clit.
I put my hands-on Mark's hips to control the rhythms of his strokes in and out of my mouth. I sucked hard on Mark's small member. He didn't last long and I had one more really nice orgasm before he came in my mouth. It was easy to collect his cum without any spillage.
When Mark finished, I said, "How did you like that?"
"It was very good; you are becoming quite the cock sucker. Your technique is really good and you seem to enjoy it."
"I do Mark, I like men's cocks. I can't believe it took until my mid-thirties to figure out that I like it so much. Mark, are you still okay with what is happening?"
"Actually yes. Sometimes I get just a little jealous knowing you are screwing other men. But I am just glad to still be here. And let's face it I am getting more sex now than before you became a, ah—."
"Slut. No need to deny it. I am trailer trash slut. What's more I like that. I liked teasing those men this morning. Jake didn't make me do that. I like that I have a husband that will let me do anything and I like being controlled by such a powerful man as Jake."
Mark hugged me.
That melted me a little toward him as I said, "Now I am starved. Fix me lunch. I need the calories and carbs."
Mark fixed us lunch. We discussed Cherry's coming home on Friday. I told him I was going to admit to being a slut with a master. Mark went to work.
I arrived at Mistress Sid's office at the time Jake instructed. As I entered, Jake and Sid were sitting on her couch talking. I bowed my head and said, "You wanted to see me."
Sid said, "Here come sit in the chair. You are to be Merilee for this conversation."
I sat in the chair across from them. Sid said, "Jake wants to take over the obligation we have to each other completely. If you agree then I want it completely forgotten that Rod and I ever did anything. You are no longer to treat me as a Mistress. Jake."
"Here is the deal, I take over the agreement you made with the Woolsey's. She no longer has any obligation to you. I pay for whatever happens. Additionally, I want you to come tomorrow and interview with Gannon Security. If you get the job with us, then you will no longer work for Sid. If you work for Gannon Security part of the compensation is a commission on business you help win including Lutz. It may be possible for you to secure Cherry's four-year degree and have a new occupation within a week. What do you say?"
I said slightly taken aback, "There are a lot details left out but I am really at your mercy. So, sure."
Jake said, "I will tell you everything tomorrow afternoon. All you need to do is show up at our office at four, in your most impressive slut outfit, and ready to do whatever it takes to get a job with us."
"What if I don't get the job?"
Sid said, "You continue to work here. But I am giving you the rest of the week off. I think you will win Jake's job. If not, be here next Tuesday."
I said, "Okay, I will be at your office tomorrow afternoon at four, dressed to impress."
Sid said, "One last thing. I want your assurance that you will never mention being my sex slave."
I said, "You have it. And Sid, I appreciate all you have done for my family."
Sid hugged me, smiled and said, "We are going to be such good friends. I will be so glad when you and Cherry come clean with each other."
I said, "Me too."
As we walked out Jake said, "I got the report from Mark. Sounds like that worked out well for everyone. I loved the pictures. Your ass was nice and red. I worried that he couldn't really give you the punishment you earned."
I smiled at Jake and said, "Oh, he made me know I was being punished. Thank you, Sir, for setting me straight. Thank you also for taking my contract from Mistress Sid, ah, I mean Miss Sid."
Jake just nodded.
I interview for a job with Gannon Security
I thought about my best slut outfit. It was a hard choice now because I did have several to choose form. The one I chose was bought from Teddy's the day Jake and Mark took me. I laid it on the bed after showering and trimming my body hair. I stood looking for a long time trying to decide if I could really either wear it out in public or especially interviewing for a job.
The outfit consisted of a silvery bandeau top that barely covered the top of my nipples but enough support underneath not only to support my G-cups but to push a lot of flesh over the top. It had a band just beneath my breast, leaving my torso bare and back mostly open. The black flared pleated skirt showed my new improved hips. It had an elastic band that held it at my waist. Teddy had added a pair of lace thigh highs with a black garter belt with one suspender on each side to hold the stockings up. It came with a black silk thong.
I put the outfit on and it was definitely slutty. The silvery top looked like it wanted to drop off my breasts as so much protruded out the top. My stomach was now hard and was shown off nicely in this outfit. The skirt was so short that the lacey tops of the stocking with the connected garter could be seen. While my ass was covered standing, if I bent my ass could be seen. Added were a pair of silver four-inch heels and the slave collar Sid had given me, making it a true slut outfit. I put on extra red lipstick.
I decided this was what Jake wanted. Off I went to Jake's offices. His offices were in a warehouse section in a large old building. I parked, got out and had second thoughts. Could I really walk into an office building wearing this ridiculous outfit? But it was almost four and I knew that being late was not an option.
An old guy at a front desk said, "Hi, you must be Melons. Mister Gannon said for you to go right up. His office is on the second floor up those stairs. His office is at the end of the hall."
"Thank you."
"Lady thank you. You're a sight for these old eyes."
"Thanks Henry." I read his name on his shirt.
As I walked up the stairs, I felt Henry's eyes boring into my rear end which I am sure was in full view.
There were a lot of offices which looked empty. You could tell this was an old warehouse being repurposed. I knocked on an open door. I heard a come in. Jake was sitting in a large, very masculine office at a large old wooden desk.
He smiled and said, "Hi, Melons. Right on time and glad to see you." There was that seldom used smile that melted me.
"Hi Sir, glad to be here. Do I look okay? I am so worried that this is not what you wanted. I brought another outfit if it isn't."
Jake said, "Turn around." Jake got up after I made the 360-degree turn and said. "That is exactly right. In fact, that is so good my dick stood at attention as soon as you walked in. Let's start the interview. Come take my dick out and give it your best blowjob."
I got on my knees between his legs, unzipped his pants and pulled out an already hard dick. He was wearing Dockers with the Gannon Security golf shirt. I said, "It does look like my outfit affected you."
I kissed the large tip. I loved his cock. It was huge and smelled good. I pulled his balls out and lightly stroked them as I kissed and licked the head of his penis. He was slumped in his chair, allowing me to get at his genitals. I took the head all the way in my mouth. I slurped and moaned as I enjoyed the sensation of having him in my mouth.
I took more and more in my mouth as I rocked back and forth on his rock-hard shaft. I flicked my tongue around the tip. I was making more and more noise as I got faster on his shaft.
Before long Jake said, "Here it comes. You are getting to be an expert."
I felt his discharge start as I squeezed his large balls lightly. I could feel his contractions. He filled my mouth as fast as I could swallow. I had very little of his jizzum seeping out the sides of my mouth. But I knew my lipstick was gone.
Jake reached down, pulled me upright and kissed me deeply. His kisses were few and each one meant a lot to me.
I heard, "Hi Melons."
I looked around to see Josh sitting on the couch. He had clearly been there as I sucked his dad off. "Oh, hi Josh. Did you enjoy the view?"
"I sure did. My dick wants the same treatment but I think we need to talk first. Dad has no self-control."
Jake growled at his son, "I'll show you self-control boy!" Josh just smiled at his Dad. "But you are right, we need to tell Melons what is going on."
Josh said, "Melons, do you want something to drink?"
"Yes, please."
Josh came back with a bottle of water for each of us as Jake started the discussion. "Let me first tell about our business. I knew the Woolsey's from my days as a detective. We became friends starting with a theft at their firm which I investigated. They talked me into their body building hobby. I attended a few meets, competing on their team. They knew I wanted to start my own private investigation firm and that I was ready to retire. The company that was providing their security services was going out of business.
Anyway, the Woolsey's are very generous. They saw an opportunity to help me and themselves. So, they put together a deal for me to buy the existing company and provide the service they wanted. I can't say enough good about how the Woolsey's have treated me. They loaned me money and their business is the basis of my business. My vision all along was for a more detective oriented business but the security assessment, installation and monitoring is a great cash flow business.
Last year, I paid off their loan, bought this property at a fire sale and the business is now cash flow positive with only debt being for the building. Josh came on board and because of his expertise, he is a natural to take over the security monitoring, expand into cyber, and let me focus on building up the PI side. Which brings us to why you are here. Any questions so far?"
I said, "No, I think I somewhat understand your business but still wonder why I am here. I really don't have any skills that could help you."
Josh said, "I don't think that is true. You are very determined. You have raised a daughter and helping her with college. I also think you have skills you don't know about."
Jake picked back up, "Anyway, two things are happening. I want to focus more on the detective side and if we could get the Lutz Distribution business then the monitoring services side would be in great shape. I want you to consider coming to work as my Investigative Assistant and help me grow the detective business."
I frowned and said, "Is this for real? I just don't see that I can help you."
Josh said, "Melons, you need to be more positive about yourself. If you keep that up, Dad might just turn you over his knee."
I laughed, "And what is wrong with that? I might just like that."
Jake actually laughed. "Melons I know that you would come in and learn. But while you are learning there is a lot of things you can do. I do want you to understand the business better before you take a job with us. Plus, I am very open to you finding your spot. Josh, also, thinks you would be very helpful on the monitoring side. So, Josh is going to take you around and introduce you. There will be three people that need to say yes. Josh, myself and Del. Del in my first operative on the detective side. He is a hard ass like me. He was the one that I thought would be influenced by your being dressed like a slut. Be nice to him. Do you understand?"
I said, "Yes, you want me to fuck Del."
Jake shrugged, "It is up to you. Depends on how bad you want the job."
I said, "What would I do as your Investigative Assistant?"
Jake said, "There is a lot of role playing needed in investigations. You will be surprised how often we can use a street smart, sexy female. Of course, there is a lot of just plain boring sitting watching, sneaking around and taking pictures. The only way to find your spot is to try it. Understand?"
"I think so."
Jake smiled, "Good now go with Josh and let him show you around. Remember, be nice to Del."
Josh showed me the monitoring center. There were about ten monitoring stations with five people working. He explained what these people did. He then took me to an area at the loading dock where a lot of equipment was stored and one guy working. He explained that this was where his guys staged the installations for the contractors. Josh was also suggesting possible jobs for me. A couple did have promise for me.
All along the way it was males. They all ogled me like the slut I am. This was making me so hot.
When we got to Josh's office, we sat on his couch as he said, "Think you understand the operation?"
I said, "Yes, Sir, I think so. But I am still not sure where I would fit in?"
Josh said, "I think to start with, answer phones, help us write reports, and learn how to manage the office. Over time Jake thinks you could help him attract more business. There are several areas in my area you could fit. With the Lutz business, we will have to grow my side quickly. But I must admit, Dad is very keen to build the PI business. That is really his expertise. He is a very good detective and I know he thinks you can help."
I said, "I would hate to disappoint your father. It is such a risk for him to bring someone like me on."
Josh said, "Not really. Dad wouldn't be interested in you if he didn't think you would contribute. If you take a job, you better believe he will expect you to contribute. This is too important to all of us. That's it. You need to be more self-confidence. I think you need to learn the way I did. Bend over my knee."
I looked at Josh and smiled, thinking how much he was like Jake, "Yes Sir. I must learn to be more confident in myself. Please punish me for my lack of confidence."
I draped myself over his lap. The skirt was so short it automatically showed my bare bottom.
Slap came the first hit on my right ass cheek. I said, "Thank you Sir, May I have another."
Slap. "Thank you, Sir, may I have another."
He said, "Tell me why I am having to punish you."
"I need to be more confident." Slap. "Thank you, Sir. May I have another."
Josh said, "What are you going to do differently?"
"I am going to be more confident in myself." Slap. "Thank you, Sir. May I have another."
This time he jerked off my little thong panties. I thought I heard them tear. He rubbed my red ass. He let his hand find my dripping slit. I had an immediate orgasm.
He said, "You are so hot. Your labia are swollen. I think you might like to be fucked."
I said, "Oh please Sir, fuck me. I want that nice big dick in any place you desire. But maybe I need a little more punishment. I appreciate your help."
Slap. "Thank you, Sir. May I have another."
Slap. "Thank you, Sir. May I have another."
Josh said, "Tell me what I want to hear about what you can do for us."
I said, "I will be the best Investigative Assistant the Gannon's boys would ever want. I can do a lot of things for you."
Josh said, "Good. Your ass is red enough."
He picked me up and sat me on the couch. He kissed me deeply with my knees on either side of him. I felt his hands fumbling to pull the top off my swollen breasts. As he kissed me I felt his hand take both of my big sensitive breasts in his hands. He squeezed them with his tongue deep in my mouth. He kissed down my shoulder blades, down my chest and finally found my hard-red nipples. I had my head laid back of the couch, eyes closed, and enjoying every touch of my body.
His hands drifted to my swollen cunt-lips. As he nibbled first one nipple and then the other, he stroked my wet swollen labia. I wanted that beautiful dick buried in my pussy but in the meantime, this was giving me the nicest small orgasms. I was moaning.
He had the little skirt at my waist, with multiple finger in my vagina, one focused on the clitoris, he was kissing and sucking on my stomach, navel and Mons Pubis.
His mouth replaced his hands on my clit. I said, "Oh Sir. Oh, my Sir. Oh, my gawd that feels so good. Thank you for that nice orgasm."
He spent a lot of time eating me until I just couldn't stand it anymore. I said, "Please fuck me, Sir. I want your beautiful dick so badly."
He stopped, looked at me in the eyes, stood and said, "Undo my pants and you can have it in your pussy."
I smiled at him, undid his belt, unzipped his pant, pushed them to his knee, and grabbed his hips and pulled him into me.
I was wet and ready; the whole thing went in with one smooth move. I had gotten good at taking these big fat dicks like Jake and Josh.
Josh said, "Melons, that is one tight wet pussy. It feels so good to be in there."
We kissed deeply as Josh had his penis buried deep in my cervix. I had a large orgasm even with him being still. I almost passed out. The room went dark and I almost forgot what was happening.
As I was coming to I heard a deep rumbling sound that said, "Josh boy, I see you are busy. I will come back."
I jerked a little as Josh said, "Melons this is Del. Del this is our interviewee Melons. Melons why don't you give Del a blow job. That would be a good start on the interview."
I said, not exactly knowing the person who said it, "Del let me see that thing of yours. I am sure I can take care of you while Josh does me."
Del removed his pants, stood on the couch with his legs on either side of my face and said, "Here you go baby. Josh, do you like that ass you are seeing."
Josh said, "It is as ugly as Melon's melons are beautiful. I will try not to look."
I think Del must have been watching for a while as he was already hard. He had an average sized penis and easily fit in my mouth. Josh now started pounding my pussy as Del fucked my face. I really didn't have to do anything but take one dick in my mouth and the other in my pussy.
Del said, "Gracious this slut can really suck cock. She could sure suck the rust off of iron. I see why Jake is interested in having her here."
Josh said, "She has many talents."
For some reason, this crass talk about me was turning me on, I put my hands on Del's hips to stop him to say, "I also have a nice tight ass that knows how to appreciate a dick. I love it all. Del your precum tastes sweet."
Josh said, "Del, I always knew you were a sweet boy."
Del said, "Kiss my ass boy. You are right there anyway."
I said, "Boys, concentrate on giving your slut all the jizzum you have. Oh, my gawd, I am having so many orgasms."
I started Del's hips moving again.
Josh said, "Melons I am ready to cum. Have a nice orgasm with me."
I started feeling his dick getting a little larger before I felt the explosion deep inside me. I had another near passing out orgasm.
When Josh finished, Del said, "You said your ass was available too. I think I will try that out." He jumped down, turned me over, took some of Josh slick residue from my pussy, forced it into my tight hole, and shoved in his dick wet from my saliva. It went in easily. He wasn't nearly as large as Jake and Josh, so it slipped in easily. All the work I had done with the anal plugs was paying off.
Del said, "Gracious girl that is one tight fit but you are right. That ass of yours knows what to do. My little dick slipped in like it was a tight pussy."
I said, "It feels good in there. Slide that dick of yours in and out slowly and I will show you talent."
As he started a slow in and out motion. I matched it with a loosening and tightening of my anal muscles. After a few strokes, Del said, "Holy shit girl. You are milking my dick like the udder on a cow."
I knew he couldn't take this long. I put my hands between my legs to give myself an additional orgasm. Josh was sitting beside us now, playing with my nipples giving me additional stimulation.
I said, "Oh yeah, Del, fuck that ass like you like it."
He said, "Holy shit girl. I can't give you anymore. Del just can't hold out any longer. I am going to fill your dirty asshole."
I said, "Del, fill this dirty girl full. I want your spunk running out of my ass."
Del said I thought loudly enough for the whole building to hear, "Take that, take that. I am pumping that lovely ass of your full of Del sperm."
I said just as loudly, "Oh yeah baby, I want all that."
Del shot several streams in me before he pulled out with a pop. I then felt some material wiping the excess off my ass. I turned around and sat on the couch, took first Josh's cock in my mouth to clean it off and then Del's. I realized Josh had wiped me off with the remnants of my panties.
Josh hugged me, helped me recover my nipples as I pushed my skirt over my now well used pussy.
Josh looked at my panties and said, "Well I think we have destroyed these. You can expense them."
I said, "No need as Jake bought them to start with."
Josh smiled, "Maybe Jake has some in his desk for the rest of the day." I shrugged. "Well as I said this is Del. Why don't you go with him to his office so you two can get better acquainted?" Josh laughed and said, "Well maybe a butt fuck is as acquainted as two people can get. Maybe you two should talk business. Del we need to have Melons in Jake's office at six."
Del said, "I know my decision now but sure I will answer any questions this sweet slut has for me."
I followed Del to his office, now wishing I had on panties. I sat making sure to keep my legs together and hands in my lap to keep my short skirt in place. I found out that Del was fifty-five, had been a policeman for thirty-five years and a detective for twenty. He had worked with Jake and was his partner for many years. He gave me some ideas of how I could work with him on investigations. I had to admit this was giving me some ideas of things I could do for Gannon's Security other than answering the phones.
At six he took me back to Jake's office. The door was open, Del shook my hand and told me, "Hope to see you here again. Good luck to you."
Jake waved a hand for me to sit. "Well how was the tour?"
"Very informative. I really think there is a place here for me. I know I would have to learn a lot more about the business but no doubt that I can help you. Del gave me some really good ideas of how to help grow the PI side of the business."
Jake said, "Melons, Merilee, I like the confidence. Did you lose your panties somewhere?"
I hadn't been so careful when I sat down. "Yes Sir, you said I should be nice to Del. So, I was very nice to him."
"Shit that turns me on. Don't you think I need to get something?"
"Yes, Sir I do." I got up not bothering to cover my slit. I was still high from being fucked by Josh and Del. I pulled my top down, put my arms around Jake, kissed him deeply as he kneaded my G-cups. As I kissed him I unbuckled his pants, let them drop to the floor. Jake was a commando guy. As we kissed, him kneading my tits, I stroked his hard member until it was completely extended.
I broke off the kiss, turned and bent over his desk, sticking my ass as high in the air as I could. Since I still wore the fuck me shoes, I was bent more that ninety degrees with the little skirt at my waist. I said, "Take either one Sir. They are yours."
He pushed his dick in my swollen pussy. It was till full of Josh's cum. He said, "Is that Josh cum I am feeling?"
"Yes, Sir it is. You both have such nice fat dicks that fit so tightly in my pussy. I hope it still feels good even though this is seconds. It is your pussy Sir. I hope it was okay to let Josh take it."
Jake said, "You know I am fine with that. It just shows that you want this job."
I said, "Oh my gawd, that feels so good." I wiggled my ass back and forth as his dick explored my depths. "That was such a good orgasm. Don't you want to take my ass also? It is already slick and ready with Del's cum."
Jake said, "Oh really. You let Del take your ass. No need for me to ask his opinion."
I smiled to myself and said, "I didn't want to take a chance he would say no."
Jake shoved his dick to the hilt without any resistance from my well-trained ass. I said, "That feels nice. It's all yours."
Jake said, "Del must have given you a full load. It is tight in there but plenty lubricated."
I heard someone say, "Are yawl talking about me?" I looked up to see Del and Josh at the door.
Jake said, "Yes we were." He stopped moving. I smiled at the two of them. "What is the answer?"
Josh said, "How can you say no to someone that has your dick buried in her ass."
Jake said, "You can't."
I said with elbows on Jake's desk showing off my large hanging breasts, nipples rubbing the desk top, "I really want to know if you guys think I can earn my money here. I don't want to just be a sexy slut in this operation."
Josh and Del looked at each other as if they had been asked to solve a Calculus problem.
Josh then said, "Melons, you are a beautiful, hard-working, smart and caring woman that could help this male dominated firm. But I also think you will liven up things around here and make it more fun."
Jake said, "That is all I need to hear. Now guys let me finish this delicate negotiation. I am doing my best to get us a good deal. Close the door as you leave."
Del and Josh took one last look as I smiled at them.
As they closed the door, Jake started pounding my ass again with that nice fat cock. I put my hands in my sensitive pussy. I can barely describe how it felt to have this man who was so commanding with everyone, taking my butt. I manipulated my pussy to keep it giving me stabs of pleasure. I could feel Jake's dick buried so deep in my ass that it was simulating my G-spot. Whatever he was hitting, it was making my pussy intensely sensitive. The stabs of pleasure with the stimulation from Jake's cock and my fingers was again making me cum over and over.
Jake said, "Melons, your ass is so beautiful. It now matches your chest. It has such a wonderful shape now. I love the way it shakes now when I slam into your butt hole."
I said, "Thank you, Sir. I am so happy that you like it. I worked hard for you."
He was breathing very hard and I could feel his penis expanding deep inside me. I knew that he was ready to fill me up. Jake said, "I am ready to cum."
"Sir I want to feel all your sperm in my nasty hole. I can't believe how good this now feels. It is so intimate. I want all of you."
He started shooting ropes of cum in my tight hole. I was already drenched from Del. I could feel it running out of my hole onto my legs. I didn't want it on my stockings so I spread it over my thighs to stop it from running. Jake was slumped over my back with his hands slowly rubbing my naked breasts.
Jake pulled me upright, turned me around and kissed me deeply. He said, "You are the best. Want to go grab something to eat."
I said, "No thanks, I am really not dressed for it. Plus, Mark is holding dinner for me. He wants to know what I plan to do."
Jake said, "Ok, but before you go we need to finalize on the job. Do you want to come to work here as my Investigative Assistant?"
"Yes Sir, I do. I will do a great job of you. You haven't told me the compensation."
He gave me a salary and also a commission on new business I brought in for the firm including Lutz's.
"Sounds fine to me."
"You will start tomorrow."
"Yes Sir. You won't be sorry"
Jake said, "I love the confidence. You are going to do fine."
I asked, "How do you expect me to dress tomorrow?"
Jake hit his head and said, "I am so stupid. I want to make something crystal clear. We have a professional environment at Gannon Security. Today was different. I made something very serious for us something of a game. But I don't want you to get the wrong idea. You will be Merilee tomorrow and I want you to dress in the same outfit as everyone else, slacks and one of our shirts. There is a locker downstairs for you containing a few of our company shirts."
"So, you had already decided to offer me a job before today?"
"Almost. Josh and I were agreed but I did want Del's opinion.
"Okay. It was fun. You want me to wear a bra and real panties tomorrow?"
"Yes. The shirt has Merilee on it. When we are playing you will be Melons. Understood?"
I said, "Yes Sir. I think I can still wear a bra. Maybe I will wear one with the tips cut out."
Jake smiled, "That works. We are going to celebrate your first day tomorrow night after work. I will provide that outfit."
"Sounds good. Now let me go have dinner with my husband."
We hugged and I drove home. As I drove home I was so happy with the day. The only thing that could have made it better would have been if Jake would have taken me home with him.
Dinner with Mark
I got home after seven.
Mark said as I entered, "Hi Merilee. From the looks of you it was a good interview."
I smiled, "It was. I got the job."
"Well, are you happy about that?"
"I am very happy. I think it will be a very interesting job. It is also a serious job. Jake said that I would be Merilee at work and have to earn my way in the company. I won't dress like this, a slut. I will wear this." I held up the golf shirt. "I even have to wear a bra."
Mark smiled, "Good. Want to change before we eat?"
"I am starved. If you don't mind me looking like this I want to eat."
Mark said, "Good with me."
As we ate I told him about the job. Mark was really interested. After I had exhausted this discussion Mark said, "I have a favor to ask you."
He seemed apprehensive so I encouraged him, "Mark, you know I want the best for you. Name it."
"Well Teddy has met me a couple of times for lunch. She called me today and asked me to go on a real date. She knows that we are married in name only. We wanted to have your permission before we really dated."
I laughed but realized that was not the right thing to do. "Mark, you certainly have my permission to do whatever you want. I have given up the right to judge you for almost anything except as a friend. So please go ahead. I think it is great."
"Merilee, it was really Teddy. She wanted your blessing."
"Tell Teddy that not only does this have my blessing, I am very happy that you are moving on with your life. I know it is not with me except I hope we remain friends and will always share Cherry. Let me reiterate, I only want the best for you. I am so proud that you have straightened out your life. I like you now. We do have one problem or I do. How are we or I going to explain this to Cherry? I mean I preached to her about not trusting boys, stay a virgin, dress a certain way and all that stuff. Now I am going to have to tell her, forget all that. It is okay that I am a slut."
Mark said, "I will help you. Between the two of us, I think we can explain it to Cherry."
I said, "It will be hard for me to explain something I don't understand."
We spent the rest of the evening planning for Cherry's return Friday night.
My first day at Gannon Security
I came to work dressed as Jake had commanded. I did wear one of the cut-out bras. I wanted to remind myself I was still a slut. But it was a very serious day. I worked very hard with mainly Del and Josh. But I did see Jake several times during the day. At six, I went to Jake's office where he was waiting.
He said, "Well, how was it?"
"I have a lot to learn but I feel very good about it. No doubt, I can help with a lot of the office work and organization. The computer stuff Josh showed me will take some training but I will get it. I am most excited about working with you and Del on investigations."
"We need to concentrate on getting more of that type business. I have heard officially that we have the Lutz business. Papers are to be signed tomorrow. With Lutz's business, we will get to a scale that attracts larger client. It really is a game changer. Josh is so excited."
"Oh, Jake that is great," I said as I jumped up and clapped my hands. I rushed over to jump in Jake's lap to give him a big hug.
He whispered in my ear, "We couldn't have done it without you. I am taking you to a romantic evening at Costello's Hideaway. I think you will like it. We can play. You can be Melons tonight."
"But I don't have the right attire to be Melons."
"Look hanging there." He pointed to a dress hanging in the corner. "We have reservations at seven. How long do you think it will take to get ready? The locker room will be empty if you want to shower. I am going to change shirts and put on a jacket."
"About thirty minutes. I stocked up my locker with toiletries this morning."
After talking a little about the Lutz deal, I went to the locker room with the dress and shoes. The dress was a red draped halter style mini dress. It was made of a stretch material that was tight around my hips and barely covered either the top or bottom of my ass cheeks in back. It hit about three inches below my crotch. The top had a tiny strap that went around my neck, attached to metal rings about half way between the start of my cleavage and where my tits naturally hung. The halter was loose-fitting that barely covered my breasts and gathered and draped at the waist. No way to wear a bra. The back was completely bare. The front cinched below my navel. Bending over showed the entire breasts. No underwear came with the outfit. I was glad that my G-cups still had their own shape and didn't just drupe to my waist. He also had a pair of red stilettos pumps for me.
I topped the outfit off with some blood red lipstick.
I came back to the office. Jake had on a fresh white button-down shirt and a jacket.
Jake said, "My gawd, that is gorgeous on you. We need to have more reasons to celebrate. You are a goddess."
I wrapped my arms around him and we kissed deeply. I was vibrating all over.
Thursday night after Randy and Cherry's finals. This is told by Cherry
I finished with my last mid-term at one. I had a very romantic place picked out. Not for the food but because it catered to people wanting privacy. One of my fellow students told me all about it. It was all booths with three high sides that allowed for plenty of privacy, dark lighting and servers that were observant of the needs of lovers.
I was all tingly with anticipation. Not only did I have the afternoon free to think about the night but it had been three days since I had seen Randy. And I was randy. I decided to drop by Teddy's and pick up something special. With Teddy's help, we decided on a black loose-fitting halter top that allowed easy access to my breasts from any direction. The back was open to the waist where a string wrapped around the waist. The string held two four-inch stripes of material draped over the breasts. It left most of my stomach exposed and back completely bare to the waist. We added a white Lycra micro tube skirt. The skirt was ten inches wide and had to be positioned about three inches below my navel to give me sufficient cover of my genitals and not get arrested. We added a white micro thong that barely covered my labia. I wore a pair of black high heels that Sid had given me.
I top it off with a lot of makeup. Randy was beside himself when he picked me up. I thought he was going to fuck me on the spot but I took control.
"Down boy. Look but don't touch until Miss Cherry permits. But I take it that it is not too much. This place has a reputation of allowing almost anything. From the description, I think this is the typical dress."
Randy slobbered, "Miss Cherry no one can beat you for desirability tonight. I am already being a very naughty boy."
I smiled and said, "Let's go. We need to talk about our finals and your reward. I know you did well."
At the restaurant, it was exactly as people had described. Darkly lit and the booths were very private. It looked like seven was a popular time as there was a line to be seated which gave me a chance to see how other people were dressed. My dress was average from what I saw of the females in front of me. The most outrageous was a girl dressed in a thin black push up lace bra and a black tiny thong. All she had to cover it was a very thin four-inch white strip of material that was held in place over her Mons Pubis by a white string that wrapped around her and tied in a bow in front. The material didn't even hide the tiny thong in front and you could clearly see the string of the thong buried in her ass cheeks. I would guess her to be a C-cup which she showed most of. The guy she was with was fondling her ass while they waited to be seated. Randy was staring and breathing hard. He had his arms wrapped around me.
After they walked away I said, "Well, I may be overdressed."
Randy said as his hand sneaked down to my ass, "You are perfect."
I let him get a quick feel but then said, "Did you get Miss Cherry's permission to feel her ass?"
He quickly moved his hand and looked down, "I am sorry Miss Cherry, I couldn't help myself."
"You will get your punishment later for that infraction."
"Yes, Miss Cherry."
We were shown to our booth. As we walked through the dark room you could hear the various sounds of sex. There were moans, whispers, slaps, licks, smacks and many different ministrations of lust. As my eyes got accustomed to the dark, you could see lots of flesh, naked breasts, butts and other body parts shining in the dark. It was however very difficult to see people's face and I liked that.
As the maître d seated us a small older woman appeared, "This is Alisha, she will be your assistant tonight. Not only will she serve the food but she is here to assist you in other ways."
I asked, "What do you mean?"
The maître d said, "We want you to have a romantic night here at Costello's Hideaway. If you should need any kind of assistance Alisha can handle it. Alisha will explain."
Alisha was dressed sexy but not overtly. Alisha said, "Hi, can I start you with something to drink?"
I said to Randy, "Let's get a bottle of white wine. You pick it."
Randy ordered a bottle. He knew a lot more about wine than I did.
When Alisha came back a couple was seated at the booth opposite us. I looked up but it was too dark to see anything but a statuesque woman dressed in a red halter dress showing lots of leg and breast. The man was a spark plug of a man. After Alisha poured our wine and we ordered she went to take care of the couple.
I said, "Now tell me about your week."
Randy said, "I have seen all my grades and ...".
He paused long enough for me to say, "Well, continue."
He took a big gulp of wine, so I did also and said, "All A's and what more, top of the class."
I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him very deeply. I came up for a minute to whisper in his ear, "You can feel Miss Cherry's chest if you wish."
He whispered back, "Really."
I said, "Until she says to stop."
Randy smiled and slipped his hand under the baggy material over my right breast. I was sure no one could see.
I said a little too loudly, "I am so proud of you." Then more quietly, "You won't have to wait long for your reward."
I reached under the table with both hands and unzipped his trousers. I pulled out a semi hard phallus. He continued to rub by breast as I stroked his member.
Randy said, "Oh Miss Cherry that feels so good. I have missed you the last few days."
"Oh, my sweet boy, I have missed you also. Seems like forever. It feels so good to have your hands on my chest and your penis in my hand."
Randy while breathing hard asked, "Do you know how you did?"
I said as I sipped wine and gently messaged his penis, "I do. I made...". I paused like he did.
Randy laughed as he said, "Touché. Continue."
I sipped some more wine before I said, "All A's and top of the class."
Randy hugged me with the arm not squeezing my breast and whispered, "I am so proud of you. Let's toast."
We clinked glasses while he continued to massage my breast while I caressed his penis saying, "Congratulations."
We both drained our glasses. Randy said, "We are really good for each other. Don't you think?"
I said, "I do."
Alisha came with our salads. She refilled our glasses and asked if there was anything else we needed. We didn't.
I could feel his penis straining against my hand and I didn't want to wait to give him his reward. I said, "I think you need a reward right now. You eat your salad while I take care of your first reward."
I slipped under the table. It turned out to be roomy under there. On my knees, I unsnapped his trousers, slipped them down to the floor, spread his legs and took his penis in both hands. I kissed the tip, slowly working my way down the shaft. With both hands wrapped around the shank, I sucked the head like an ice cream cone. Randy was very excited. He already had precum.
I could hear Randy alternating between munching and moaning. I knew this was good for him. After a long period working half his penis in and out of my mouth, I pressed the whole thing in. I heard Randy gasp. I slipped my hands under his balls and gently rubbed while I slowly took his penis in and out of my mouth. I was so proud that I could take all of him. I knew I was getting better at this.
As Randy ate, I ate Randy. His penis felt so good. I removed my thong and plunged my fingers into my wet pussy. I know Randy could hear the sounds I was making. I was sure he knew I had shared in his reward.
It wasn't long before I could feel his hard member getting ready to explode in my mouth. This time I timed it perfectly and caught most of it. I felt just a little of his juices running down my chin. I decided to leave Randy pants around his feet and carefully returned to my seat by him. I kissed him.
I said, "Taste anything."
He smiled and said, "I taste myself. Oh, my gawd that was a terrific reward and not a bad salad. Don't you want to eat yours?"
I said, "I do, I am starved."
Randy said, "I believe Miss Cherry deserves a reward. May I give her a reward for her accomplishment."
I smiled, "You may. I am ready. Let's say two orgasms for now. More later."
He said, "Sounds fair. About right for when the main will arrive."
Randy slipped under the table. I had slipped my white tube skirt to around my waist and used the table cloth to cover myself. I didn't know where my thong went and didn't care. I started on my salad and wine. Randy's hands spread my thighs apart just enough to give his head room to caress my genitals with his tongue. He gently stroked up and down my slit from asshole to Mons Pubis. I had slipped to the edge of the seat to give him all the access I could.
I almost had my first orgasm with the first stroke of his tongue. It was difficult to eat but I thought I could make it last longer if I did. He stroked my pussy lips so gently with his tongue I moaned from the pleasure. When he pressed his tongue into the clitoral hood I had the first orgasm. Now I really did moan very loudly. I could feel my juices flow all over myself and Randy's face. It barely slowed Randy progress. He continued to work to get the second orgasm.
He sucked my labia into his mouth and released it. It felt a little like he was doing to me what I did for him. I was now close to the second orgasm. I was making no pretense of eating when I heard Alisha say, "I am going to hold your meals for a few minutes. Think you will be ready then."
For some reason, the words wouldn't come out of my mouth. Randy didn't stop his working his tongue into the depths of my pussy. I managed a nod and weak, "Hum, ah."
Alisha refilled out glasses, and took our salad plates. Now that I could concentrate on my pussy, I knew it wouldn't be long before a second huge orgasm would come. I could hear the lady at the table across from me and no doubt she was having a big one. I could just make out the silhouette but it was obvious she was sitting in his lap and had a penis stuck in her. The angle of her hips made me think butt not pussy and I could hear a faint hum. For some reason, the moans seemed familiar.
Suddenly, I had a second small orgasm but I knew a big one was coming. I said, "Keep going. I have a big one coming."
I then heard a loud extended, 'Ohhhhhh' coming from the woman in the table across from us.
Randy redoubled his effort. He pulled the labia apart and suck his tongue and a lot of his mouth in my gaped soaked open pussy. With my clitoris extended for him to take between his lips and gently lick it with his tongue. That did it. I started an orgasm I knew would last a while. And I couldn't help making noises. What went through my head was the scene fromWhen Harry Met Sallywhere Meg Ryan faked an orgasm in the restaurant for Billy Crystal. Only this was most assuredly not fake. My eyes were rolled back and I was barely conscious from the extended orgasm.
Then I heard a loud, "Cherry!"
Merilee continues her description of the night at Costello's
We got to Costello's a little after seven. Getting out of the Hummer put on a nice show of butt and pussy flesh. I was getting used to that. The valet at Costello's was sure attentive to help me get out. I think he enjoyed my show.
As we walked in I whispered to Jake, "You are going to have to get a new vehicle if you expect me to wear these outfits. I just mooned everyone."
I felt a hand touch my inner thigh to feel the wetness already there as Jake said, "Oh, the evidence is you actually enjoy it."
We were quickly taken to our table by the maître d. He said, "Your server will be Alisha. She will be with you as soon as she is finished with that table." He pointed to the one across from us. I couldn't make out much but shadows. "Can I get you something?"
Jake said, "We are celebrating. What would you like Melons? Champagne?"
I said, "No, I want Chardonnay."
Jake picked a wine. Just then Alisha finished with the couple across from us. I couldn't make out their faces but it was clear they were in a romantic mood. Alisha said, "I got it."
She soon came back with the wine and a beer for Jake. We ordered oysters on the half shell to share as an appetizer.
Jake raised his glass as he said, "Here is to your good start with Gannon Security. I am so glad you are with us."
I smiled big as we clinked glasses and we drank. Jake reached below the table and found my naked pussy lip. He rubbed across my open thighs several times to give me some nice stimulation. He took a big gulp of beer, reached below the table, I heard his zipper unzip as he let his trousers drop to the floor. His expression never changed. You would never know he was now naked from the waist down. He placed his hand on my waist, lifted me up, and lowered me on his member. His aim was perfect. His penis slipped into my vagina with one try in the dark. He was very strong and accurate.
Jake said, "There, that's better."
I said as I wiggle my rear end to seat his penis as deep as possible in this position, "It certainly is. Thank you, Mister Jake."
Jake said, "I don't think anyone cares but don't make any overt movements."
I put my arm around his neck and rested an arm on the back of the seat. This put a breast in easy reach and I could nuzzle his neck. Jake slipped his hand under the loose material over my breast. He rubbed the soft skin of my breast and took the growing nipple between his fingers and squeezed. Even with minimum movement, I felt a bolt of electricity passed through me. I moaned in Jake's ear and whispered, "Oh, my, that feels so good. Did you feel that?"
Jake whispered back, "I did. Your pussy gave my manhood a nice squeeze."
Alisha came and delivered the plate of oysters. She refilled my wine glass and asked, "Would you like another beer, Sir?"
Jake said, "Not yet. Can you give us a little time to finish with the oyster before you bring the meal?"
Alisha smiled, "Oh part of the service is to know when to leave you to your mutual pleasure. And from the looks on the lady's face she is definitely enjoying what you are doing. Do you need anything else?"
Jake said, "A towel."
Alisha smiled and nodded as she pulled a towel from a holder next to the booth and laid it on the seat. "Anything else?"
"No Alisha, that is great. Bring me another beer where we finish this activity."
Alisha nodded, winked and left. Jake pulled me down and kissed me a long deep kiss. Another tremor passed through my body. Jake said, "Oh my, that was a good one."
I stammered "Yes, it was."
He took his hand off my breast, stabbed an oyster with his fork and slurped it down. I did the same. I then stabbed one and placed it in Jake's mouth, "Your hands have other things to do."
He smiled placed his hand back on my boob as I felt a hand rubbing my ass. He continued to rub my ass, stimulate my breast and gently slide his finger over my asshole.
I whispered, "I am a prepared slut. Let me show you what I brought." I could just reach my purse and pulled out a tube of anal lube and a bullet vibrator.
"My slut is prepared." He took the lube and worked a good portion into my open nasty hole. I pushed the last oyster into his mouth.
With my anus prepared, I raised off him, and lowered myself with his member with my feet on the floor on either side of his feet. This forced my tight skirt to my waist and left my asshole open for him. He easily slipped all the way in with one crouch. I pushed the small bullet into my wanting pussy already humming. I had a large immediate convulsion that passed throughout my body.
I twisted and wrapped my arms around him and asked, "Could you feel that even in my ass?"
He said, "I did. It seemed like your ass muscles are messaging my member. Melons this is amazing. I won't last long. Does it feel as good to you?"
His hand again was squeezing my breast and rubbing the area where his penis was embedded in my body. I kissed his neck and felt waves of sensations that enveloped my body. Everything was tingling. I stammered, "Oh yes, Mister Jake. I feel it from head to toe. Can you get off without me moving much?"
He whispered back, "Yes you don't need to do anything but stay put. In fact, I wish I could last longer but your asshole is masturbating me like crazy. You are a well-trained anal slut."
I whispered back, "Thank you Sir. I will also become a well-trained Investigative Assistant."
He whispered back, "No doubt. I want to scream it feels so good."
I said a little too loudly, "Oh fill me up. Ohhhhhhhhhhh...!!" That was all that Jake could take. He started pumping me full of his glorious jizzum. It was a large load that couldn't stay in my tight asshole. My orgasm outlasted his. I stayed wrapped around him until my body stop the tremors.
I said, "Mister Jake, that was wonderful but we are a mess. I don't want to mess up my dress. Can you towel me off as I raise up?" I handed him the towel and removed the vibrator from my pussy and turned it off. I placed it back in my purse.
"Sure, sweet Melons." I raised off him, paused as he toweled my ass and himself.
I sat next to him with my dress still at my waist and said, "I need to go to the little girl's room to get cleaned up a little. Okay."
He said, "Sure, I will have our meal here when you get back."
He was pulling up his trousers as I bent over and gave him a nice kiss. He didn't object.
I stepped in the aisle and heard a sound that was almost like Meg Ryan in the movieWhen Harry Met Sallywhere she did the fake orgasm in the restaurant. Only this was clearly real. But something was bothering me about the noises. They sounded familiar but I just couldn't figure out what it was. I stepped closer and knew that her boy was giving her cunnilingus. She was out of it. I got close enough to realize what I was seeing. This was Cherry.
I was speechless. I couldn't take my eyes off my daughter in the midst of a sexual spasm. When she started coming down from her eruptions, I came back to my senses, sort of and yelled, "Cherry!"
Cherry's eyes got the size of saucers and yelled back, "Mom!"
I yelled, "What are you doing here!"
She jumped up, knocking over the glasses on the table and yelled back, "What are you doing here!"
Cherry with her hands on her hips in a defiant posture had her skirt, what there was of it, bunched around her waist leaving her naked from the waist down.
I yelled, "You are dressed like a slut!"
She yelled back, "You are dressed just like me!"
I wiped my finger on the wet spot on her chest and asked, "What is this!"
Cherry reached between my legs and wiped Jakes discharge from between my thighs and asked, "What is this!"
I felt Jake beside me and he whispered to me, "Calm down Melons. You know what is happening here."
I took a beat and thought about the irony of the situation. I am sure my countenance went from distress to understanding and then to love. I extended my arm and said, "My baby."
Cherry smiled, pulled her skirt down to cover herself somewhat, came to me and we hugged. She whispered to me, "Sorry you had to see this. I planned to tell you tomorrow night what was happening." I could feel the tears flowing down my face.
I said, "Oh, who cares. I love you baby. And let's face I can't throw any stones."
I looked as Jake was helping Randy to his feet. I heard him whisper to him, "Buddy you need to get that thing back in your pants."
Randy was somewhat addled but managed to get a nice long penis for such a small man back in his pants. I hardly let him finish before I wrapped my arms around him and squeezed him hard. I whispered, "I am Merilee, Cherry's mom. I am so glad to meet you."
He hadn't reached his arms around me. I think he was concerned that all he could do was touch flesh. I heard Jake whisper to him, "Go ahead buddy. Wrap your arms around her."
I felt his hands on my shoulder blades. It felt marvelous to be welcoming this boy to me. I was properly about the same height normally and weighed about the same but in these four-inch heal, I towered over him.
My emotions were overflowing. I glanced at Cherry and saw the same gush of tears. I didn't want to let go of this boy-like man.
I saw Alisha approach. Jake took control, "We are so sorry for the mess and disturbance." He handed her money. "Everything is okay now. It was just a family thing."
Alisha looked at Cherry and myself. She then smiled and said to Jake, "Mother and daughter and they didn't know the other would be here."
Jake smiled still holding the money for her, "You got it. Here take this for your trouble. We will all sit in our booth."
Alisha said, "That is not necessary, we see things like this. Although, this one is a bit unique." Alisha stared at Cherry and myself, "My goodness you girls are absolutely beautiful."
Cherry and I were holding hands with mascara and lipstick running and tears dripping from our cheeks. I said, "I am afraid we are both a mess right now but I do have a beautiful smart daughter."
Cherry said, "Mom, we are a mess but you are beautiful and a wonderful mother."
Jake said to Alisha, "Please take this. We will move to this booth. We probably need another bottle of wine. I need a beer. What about you Randy?"
Randy said, "I could use a beer. Thank you, Sir."
Jake said, "Girls go and freshen up while Randy and I get the table organized."
Alisha already had the bus boy cleaning up the mess of Cherry and Randy's table while another was getting our table ready for four. Jake said to Randy, "Here you young lovers sit together and us old lovers will sit on the outside."
I wasn't sure Jake knew what he said but it warmed my heart to be called his lover and sent another set of tears down my cheek.
Cherry said, "Mom, let's go get cleaned up so we can eat with our men."
Randy said, "Miss Cherry, you may want these." He was holding up one very small pair of panties.
Cherry took them, kissed Randy on the cheek and said, "Sorry about this."
Randy said, "I wouldn't have missed this for the world."
So, hand and hand we went to the bathroom. Looking in the mirror showed that we were a mess. We both raised our skirts up to our waist and cleaned off. Luckily, they had real wash clothes and towels.
Cherry said, "Is your butt larger?"
I answered, "Yes, some weeks ago Jake put me on a new diet and exercise program. What do you think?"
"I think it really looks good. You were always a little skinny except for your chest. But now look at the definition in your legs, butt and stomach. My goodness you are hot. I wish I could give you a little of mine." She grabbed a hunk of ass cheek and showed it to me.
I said, "Cherry, you have just the right proportions. Bernice and I have always been top heavy and light in the ass. I am a little better now but not as good as you. I am struggling accepting how you are dressed but I must admit you are an extremely sexy looking creature."
Cherry smile, "So are you. It is equally shocking to see you are dressed. I think we both will have to adapt. But I am sure we will."
I said, "Cherry, I have changed my views on sexuality. I want you to know you can discuss anything with me now. I know you have been talking to Sid and that is fine. I know that my stance before was wrong. Know now you can discuss anything with me without me getting crazy."
Cherry hugged me and said, "Don't make me cry again. I will Mom. I like Sid but you are my mother. No one can ever take your place. Now let's go join our boys. We probably owe them our attention for a while. We will have all weekend to catch up. But I have to hear what is going on with Jake. Who is a guy that can make you change your diet and routine?"
"I would rather Jake be involved with this conversation. Let get back to the table. I'm starved."
As we were walking back to the table, Alisha was serving our main course. Cherry settled in next to Randy as I sat on the outside across from Jake. Cherry and I now had full glasses of wine while Jake and Randy were into their beer. For a few minutes, we all ate. I think all hungry.
I then said, "I must hear how mid-terms went."
Cherry said, "That was what we were celebrating. We both aced our midterms and were top of class."
Jake raised his glass of beer and said, "I'll drink to that. Randy is this your last year of medical school?"
"Yes Sir. I do my residency next year. Not sure where yet."
Jake said, "I know Sid and Rod fairly well. You know she is very proud of you."
I added, "She loves you very much. I think you may be the only person in the world she really loves."
Randy smiled, "Yes I know but I think Cherry is quickly taking a spot in her heart also."
Cherry said, "Ok enough. We can talk about us tomorrow and this weekend. For now, I have to know who this is. I mean other than lovers which is the only thing I heard. And why does he call you Melons."
I looked at Jake and said, "Well I can answer that one easily." I put both hands under my G's and said, "Because of these. Jake, you want to answer the who are you question?"
Jake nodded and started, "Well Cherry that is a little complicated. I met your mother a few weeks ago. Merilee was searching for her identity after you went to stay at the Woolsey's. She was searching but I have known who I am for a long time. I am a dominant person. Do you understand what that means?"
Cherry said, "Sure do. I did research on it after I met Randy."
"Well as a dominant I have a radar for people that are subs. As soon as I met your mother I knew who she was. And over the last few weeks I have helped your mother discover what I knew. While this meeting tonight was fairly dramatic and maybe not the best way to explain it, a picture that is worth a thousand words. I also suspect that you and Randy are clearer on who you are. You see my radar says in your relationship you are the dominant and Randy the sub. Please know Randy that is not an insult. I am old with a lot of experience. I have seen a lot of people that were top of their field professionally and went home to the person who was the dominant. I'm not sure it is because they give it all to the profession or they're just made that way. But I do know it is better to find your relationship dynamic early and enjoy it. That is what both of us were doing tonight. None of us should have any shame for enjoying each other."
I wiped a tear. If this man had asked me to jump off a building right then I would have done it.
Randy said, "Jake, I buy every word of that. The same happened to me when I met Cherry. I knew she would be the dominant partner and I like it that way. Mrs. Fenton, I am sorry you had to find out what we were doing like this. But maybe it is best. The picture has been outlined and now we need to fill in the color. But you know how things are. I can assure you that I am a serious young man with plenty of ambition. I know Mom is rich and I never have to worry about money but I want to be the best surgeon I can be. Also know that when I make a commitment I mean it. I am committed to Cherry. I know Cherry is good for me. I would like to think I am good for her."
I fought the tears as best I could but lost. I said, "I have no doubt of that young man."
Cherry also fought the tears but she wouldn't let it go with Jake and I. "But what are you to Mom. Are you just going to use her for a while and then just throw her over the side for your next sub. Are you lovers for the night and then you are on your way?"
Jake said, "Well that is hard to say. First your mother has a lot to say about it. For now, I am her dominant and boss. You see today she came to work for Gannon Security, my company, and tomorrow we sign a contract that Merilee helped us win and she will get enough commission money to send you to school for the four years you want."
Cherry yelped, "Mom when were you going to tell me. My goodness, I am so proud of you. How did you do that?"
Cherry hugged me and I said, "Well let's discuss that some other day. But in terms of mine and Jake's relationship, we are taking it one day at a time. I want to just enjoy what I have now."
Alisha came and cleared our plates, emptied the wine bottle in mine and Cherry's glass and asked if we wanted something further. Randy wanted coffee while Jake got a Scotch.
Cherry continued, "But what are you doing for Gannon Security?"
I said, "I am an Investigative Assistant. Immediately that mean helping organize their office but we are going to work on getting new business and then I am going to learn to be an operative."
Cherry said, "My goodness, that sounds interesting."
It continued like this until eleven when the restaurant started to close.
The Hummer pulled up. This time Jake lifted me into the seat so I didn't flash. When he got behind the wheel he said, "You see I told you, you really do want to flash getting out of my vehicle. Wasn't that boring?"
I laughed, "Yes Mister Jake you are right. From now own let me show off my new big hard butt."
Jake said, "Good." We headed out.
As we passed the turn off to Gannon Security, I asked, "Where are we going? My car and clothes are at the office."
"I have less than twenty-four hours left on your agreement to be my sub. I intend to take every minute I can. Plus, we have unfinished business from the restaurant. Once wasn't enough. So, you are sleeping over."
"Does that mean I am sleeping in the guest bedroom?"
"No, you are sleeping in my bed until we wake up together in the morning."
I couldn't stop smiling but just had to tease Jake saying, "But I don't have anything to sleep in."
"You don't need anything to do what I have in mind. I want to reach over and feel that smooth soft skin anytime tonight."
"But I don't have any toiletries."
Jake knew I was playing with him. He said, "I have a new toothbrush you can have."
"But my clothes are at the office."
"I have another golf shirt you can wear."
I laughed, "Okay sounds like a plan. What if I don't want the agreement to end with the closing of Lutz?"
Jake said like he was surprised, "You mean continue to be my sub just because you want to be?"
"That is exactly what I mean."
He said, "That can be arranged. We are here."
He helped me out of the truck, we shucked our clothes, went to his bed and made soft sweet love. As we snuggled in the afterglow of sex he said, "Now about our relationship after tomorrow. What were you thinking? Until the end of the agreement you made with Sid."
I said, "Does it have to end? As you said, 'Let's take it a day at a time'"
He said, "I like that." He kissed me hard and deep as we fell asleep in each other's arm.
This is where I end my story. But I leave you with this question: "What's wrong with being a trailer trash slut?"