Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
Pouring myself a cup of coffee I decided to relax for a bit, I made my way out onto the patio to my new breakfast spot. Why not right? It was exhilarating sitting there, naked, sipping my coffee while unknown eyes drank me in. Spending ten minutes there woke me up more than my entire cup of coffee! In the parking lot below, which I could only catch a partial glimpse of, I watched people heading off to work and wondered if they happened to notice me.
"Maybe I'll take up yoga." I giggled as I stood. "A good stretch always helps right?" I asked myself as I stretched my hands high above my head while extending my torso over the railing. "I'll have to get a yoga mat I guess."
Finishing my stretch, I went through my various bathroom activities before trying to figure out what to wear over to Jimmy's. Along the way I packed up the latex, cuffs and heels into a small bag as well. Finally remembering that he said he would have something for me to put on I decided to slip into a comfortable pair of flats and a long coat. With my hair up in a ponytail I grabbed my purse, the bag I'd just packed and headed for the door. As I walked down the stairs of my building, I enjoyed the satin feeling lining of my coat as it moved against my skin. The feeling was simply wonderful.
"Well I can't have my coat distracting me while I'm driving, can I?" I playfully asked myself. "It just wouldn't be safe," I continued as I unbuttoned the coat, "I guess it would be better to not have it on and drive."
For a moment I stood in my parking lot wearing only a pair of flats while staring at my building. The rush was undeniable! Half the apartments in the building faced the parking lot, making me wonder how many of them contained people staring at me right now! And that didn't even include the buildings on the other side of the lot! Reluctantly slipping into the car, I pulled out of the parking space and started the leisurely drive to Jimmy's house.
"You know what will do Jimmy some good?" I asked my reflection in the mirror. "Coffee!"
Taking a turn into a nearby drive thru, I reached for my purse in the passenger seat, but then decided to leave it there. While I typically hated people who were slow in the drive thru line, I didn't think anyone would mind all that much this morning. Placing my order, I pulled up in the line three cars from the window. My heart raced as the cars moved ahead of me while my right hand slipped between my thighs. By the time I pulled up to the window I was on the edge of orgasm.
"That'll be three," the guy leaning out the window stopped in his tracks as his eyes came to rest on my bare chest, "umm, wow!"
"Thank you!" I replied with a gigantic smile.
Reaching over into my purse I wondered if the guy was leaning out the window to get a better look at my ass? Handing him a 5, I cupped and lifted my left breast with my right hand much to his delight. His hand managed to pick up my coffee, without knocking it completely over, then hand it to me.
"Thanks Sweetie!" I replied taking the cup from him thankful I wasn't wearing the hot liquid. He continued to stare at me as I waited. "Do I get my change?" I finally asked.
"Oh shit!" He sheepishly replied turning reluctantly to the cash register.
He quickly turned back to me, trying to hand me not only the 5 I'd originally given him but also the change I was due. I had to giggle, which only made his eyes get bigger as my tits jiggled.
"Just this Baby!" I replied with a wink taking my change out of his hand. "Have a great day!" I said as I drove off.
The coffee smelled amazing, quickly making me realize that I wanted a coffee as well! Just before getting to Jimmy's I pulled into another drive thru to order coffee not only for me but for Steve.
"Just in case my favorite ass man wants coffee too!" I giggled to myself as I pulled toward the drive thru window.
This time I could see a young woman greeting customers. With just one car between her and I, I gave both nipples a firm tug, letting them pop back. The ache was wonderfully satisfying and caused me to bite my bottom lip as the twinge of pain and pleasure pulsed through me.
"That'll be five-fifty." The girl said before looking down at me.
"Here you are Sweetie!" I replied handing her six bucks.
"Well aren't you a little exhibitionist," She smirked at me holding my money against my hand, "aside from that smile what do you have on in there?" She leaned out the drive thru window to take a look for herself.
"Just a pair of shoes." I replied lifting my right leg so she could see that it was bare as well.
"Let me get you your change." She finally said pulling her hand and my money away.
I couldn't help but keep an eye on her, she seemed intrigued by my lack of clothing but not overwhelmed as the pizza guy from the night before or the guy at the other drive thru. In the pizza guys defense, I was in latex and cuffs at the time which did add another degree of intensity. The girl turned back to me, handing me the two coffees I'd ordered.
"Here is your change," she said leaning forward and squeezing my hand again, "and your receipt."
"Thank you!" I replied giving her hand a squeeze as well.
The entire episode was intense and exciting, thankfully I was only around the corner from Jimmy's as I drove the rest of the way with one hand between my thighs. Finding a parking space, I slid down in my seat, spreading my legs as wide open as I could. My fingers deftly rubbed and massaged my clit while my other hand tugged and rolled my nipples. Crying out loudly as I orgasmed it hadn't dawned on me, until my post orgasmic bliss hit, that I was masturbating in a parking lot and could have been discovered at any time. It seemed to add a level of excitement to what I'd done. Rather than sit up and feel ashamed, I leaned back up in my seat to look around and see if anyone was close. I was alone. Taking my time, I gathered my composure then shut off my car. Reaching into the backseat, I pulled my coat over me, but had to get out of the car to put it on.
"How is it," I said looking around as I swung my coat over my shoulders, "when I leave his place looking like a slut, I pass 50 people but no one is around when I'm naked?"
With my jacket held closed by a single button, I retrieved the coffees I'd ordered then took a look at the receipt that was next to one of them. The girl at the coffee shop, Jenna, had left her number with a little heart and the words "call me sexy". This sent my head spinning. Was Jenna just into girls? Did she like men as well? Or, was she into being an exhibitionist and wanted someone to join her? Maybe she was a budding dominant, oh or even a sub! I wanted to call Jenna right away, but she'd have to wait until Sunday night. I was horny again and Jimmy's fat cock was close by! Grabbing the bag with the latex items I'd worn the day before I walked quickly to his place.
Making my way to his building, I undid the single button as I climbed his stairs. My jacket falling to my sides as I quickly climbed them. Without a tray, I couldn't remove my jacket as I walked, but I really wanted to do so! His door was unlocked as usual, making my way inside I walked into the living room so I could put the three coffees down. Returning to the hallway I removed my coat, hanging it on the hook, then looked down at the pair of heels that had obviously been left for me. Kicking off my flats, I stepped into the 5 plus inch heels, returning to the living room.
"Well aren't these cute?" I said looking down at the heels I had on.
The black patent heels had two ankle straps with Velcro closures and fake brass locks on the outside of each ankle. Fastening the Velcro, I made my way to Jimmy's bedroom, feeling the fake locks swaying and knocking lightly against the leather of the straps, finding him asleep, his left leg sticking out from the covers. Slowly slipping onto the bed, my left hand followed his leg while my right lifted the covers over me. Within a minute of my stepping into his apartment, I was face to balls with him. His cock, half hard and resting on his abdomen, was right there for my taking. I'd realized I'd gone 24 hours without a real cock, and at that I'd only sucked Rupert's cock yesterday morning. Slathering each of his hefty balls with my tongue, tasting the saltiness of his flesh, I cupped his cock in one hand.
"But what if I don't want to wake up yet?" I heard him moan from beyond the covers.
"Then close your eyes and think of this as a dream," I giggled in response, "a wet dream!"
"If you say so slut!" Jimmy laughed.
His laugh was short lived as my mouth engulfed the fat head of his cock. Massaging his balls with one hand, I pumped his cock with my mouth, taking him as deeply as I could. Getting up onto my knees, allowing myself greater leverage and a better angle for his cock to enter my throat, I plunged onto him again taking more than half his cock into my mouth.
"Fuck!" Jimmy groaned. "Someone's horny!"
I didn't answer, I didn't want to take his cock out of my mouth long enough to utter a syllable. We could talk all he wanted after he filled my stomach with his hot cum! Unlike Rupert the day before, Jimmy took a bit more work to make cum. Arching up onto my knees, craning my neck back, I took almost his entire shaft into my mouth and throat causing my eyes to water. My throat was raw and I was light headed from the lack of oxygen by the time I felt his cock swell. Groaning loudly as his cum exploded into my mouth, I gulped him down eagerly sucking him until he was finally soft. Climbing up his body, I rested my head on his chest, feeling his arms wrap around me.
"I take it you missed me." Jimmy whispered, sounding tired again.
"Just a bit." I felt my cheeks redden as I answered soon falling asleep in his arms.
A couple hours later I awoke alone in bed. It took a moment for me to get untangled from the sheets, my heels not making it any easier, before making my way to the living room.
"Well aren't you a sight for sore eyes!" Steve said from the couch.
"I doubt your eyes are sore," I replied walking to the couch, "but I'm sure I'm a sight!"
"A little bed head never did anyone any harm!" Steve said as he looked at everything but my hair.
"Yeah?" I replied sliding next to him on the couch. "How about post sex hair coupled with bed head?"
"That could surely be it," Steve said wrapping his arm around me, "I'm sure you'll have time to fix it before we head to the bar tonight."
"Mmmmm, I can't wait!" I replied resting my head on his chest.
I spent the next few minutes telling Steve about my poker game fun. When I went to tell him about my latex adventure the night before he brought up a copy of the video on the tv. It wasn't the part with Ms. Victoria, but my activities at home. Steve adjusted his crotch as I watched myself on the large screen. Was it me? The latex hood kept my identity a secret, but I knew it was me underneath. Steve adjusted his crotch again as I felt my pussy quiver with excitement.
"Still my favorite assman Steve?"
"You fucking know it!" He replied.
"Take your jeans off!" I said getting up and hustling back to Jimmy's room.
Returning with a bottle of lube I stood in front of the now bottomless Steve, his large cock pointing lewdly at his chest. Pouring lube onto his shaft as he removed his shirt, I felt my thighs get slick at the thought of having him inside me. Reaching down, I rubbed the lube over his hard cock, licking my lips as I watched my fingers glide over his shaft.
"Take it easy on me," I said softly, "it's been a while since I've had you in my ass."
"You'll be fine." He said turning me around by my thighs then helping me lower my ass onto his cock.
"Put the video on a loop," I cooed as I felt the head of his cock touch my asshole, "I need to watch!"
He was right, while it had been a while since I'd had a cock his size inside me, the head of his cock easily penetrated me. Soon my ass met his hips, grinding into him while reaching between his legs to fondle his balls all while watching the video of me riding the sybian in front of my glass slider. Wearing nothing but the 5" heels Jimmy'd left out for me, I felt every bit the slutty porn star I was watching on TV. Sliding my other hand between my thighs I furiously rubbed my clit while Steve's hands gripped my hips, his body bucked upward lifting me off his cock before my body and his hands slammed me back down onto him. My mouth wide open, eyes wide, Steve drilled my ass while I watched myself orgasm like a latex whore on the big screen in front of me.
"Oh, I do love your sweet ass!" Steve grunted behind me. "There are few things better than watching my cock disappear inside you!" Holding me tightly downward on his shaft, his fingers digging into my hips as he bellowed. "Ohhhhh, this is better than simply fucking you!"
"That's it," I screamed, "fill my ass with your cum Baby!"
He exploded inside me, filling the small voids of my colon not already stretched by his fat cock. Squeezing him tightly with my ass, I tried to milk his cock for all he had inside him. As I did, I came as well, coating his empty balls with my cum. I hadn't been in the apartment that long and already I was sticky and cum covered! Steve's cock was completely soft when it finally slipped out of me. Without hesitation I slid off his lap, kneeling between his legs. Staring up at him while my tongue swirled around his coated balls, Steve grinned at me, letting his fingers trail through my hair. It may not have been love in the traditional sense, but I felt an amazing closeness with him.
"I do love the way you tend to my cock when you're done." Steve said barely above a whisper.
"One good turn deserves another," I said before licking my way up his shaft, "wouldn't you agree?"
"I certainly do!" Steve answered while holding my head down on his cock.
Suckling on his cock, milking the last drops from him, I could feel him leaking out of my stretched-out ass. When he was completely empty and cleaned off, I made my way to Jimmy's room to put a weighted plug into my slightly sore bottom. Wearing little more than the heels and plug, I did what I could to straighten up around their apartment. Jimmy was kind enough to allow me to dress, although it was not my traditional outfit for the bar. Normally, my outfits would be short and revealing, typically a miniskirt or minidress. This time Jimmy had laid out a pair of latex Capri pants with a small zipper to allow access to my pussy and ass, and a matching black latex bustier which gave my chest considerable lift. Coupled with the heels he'd left out earlier it was quite the outfit.
"You seemed to like latex," Jimmy said as I stepped out of his room, "so I thought we'd stick with that theme."
"It's kinda like being naked," I replied turning slowly for him, "but I can walk around like this and no one will complain."
"Who would complain when you walk around naked?" Steve chuckled as he asked.
"Probably the little ladies leaving the church across the street!" I replied with a wiggle of my ass.
After a quick dinner, Jimmy and I headed out to his truck. Before heading out he gave me a jean jacket to wear. While it wasn't long enough to cover my latex ass, the jacket at least partially hid my jiggling chest. My outfit would certainly make me popular tonight, which really got my juices flowing. I was ready for action when we pulled into the parking lot.
"Wait right there." Jimmy said as he shut off his truck and got out. I watched as he walked around the truck and opened the passenger side door. "Come on out here," he said taking my hand, "then lean over the seat and stick out your fine ass." Quickly doing as he said, I stood on my toes and arched my back feeling him pull the zipper slowly down and the rush of cold air between my cheeks. He pulled the weighted plug from my ass saying, "Just remember, that pussy is always mine!"
"Yes Sir!" I replied eagerly as he zipped up my pants.
"By the way," he continued as he helped me stand back up, "there's a bottle of lube in your jacket pocket." I raised my eyebrow at him as I turned around. "Just in case," he laughed, "your new police friends were in the other night and were quite disappointed you weren't around."
"I do hope I can make it up to them!" I said feeling the bottle of lube in my jacket with my right hand.
This was also the first time I saw the guys in the band since the bachelor party, needless to say they were very happy to see me and gave me a quick hug and grope before they started playing. As the night went on my jacket came off, latex was wonderful but it got hot. No one seemed to mind. Standing by the bar, I felt a hand glide confidently over my right hip then under my butt cupping my bottom.
"Well hello," I heard from over my shoulder, "I almost didn't recognize you with clothing on!"
Turning to my left I noticed the more forward of the three cops who'd pulled me over the morning I'd driven to work naked. Even as I turned his hand remained cupping my butt, although his hand had moved to the closer cheek as I'd turned.
"I'm glad you're here tonight," his confidence bordered on cockiness but not arrogance, "I'll have to let my friends know soon."
"Soon?" I replied, lightly touching his arm. "Why not now?"
"I want to hog you to myself for a bit!" he responded leading me toward the dance floor.
He didn't take me to the dance floor though, instead he turned us to the left leading me out the side door. The same side door I'd gone out to give Nick his first blow job. Obviously, he knew exactly what he was doing and where he was going. Then I realized my jacket, with the lube, was still on the bar stool next to Jimmy. Guiding me out the door to the back, his arms quickly came around my body from behind like an octopus. Feeling his hard cock pressing against my ass, his right hand slithered into my top while his left dove for my crotch and his mouth went to my ear.
"I'm Glen." His voice was husky as he freed my tit and rubbed my pussy through the zipper.
"Happy to see me Glen?" I asked arching my back, pressing my ass into his cock.
"I'll be happier when you're doing what you promised," he said folding the cup to my tit down before going for the other one, "then I'll text my buddies while you're showing me what a great cock sucker you are!"
Glen led me to the pole that Nick had pressed me against all those weeks ago. Instead of pinning me against it, he leaned back against it himself before releasing my chest. Turning around, my chest bare, my hands found his belt and zipper freeing him as I slowly knelt. By the time my mouth was level with his cock it was free of his clothing. Dragging my tongue slowly up the underside of his shaft, I looked directly up into his phone as he took pictures of me.
"Tell one of your friends to grab my jacket on the way out here," my voice dripping with wanton desire, "I can only suck one cock at a time after all!"
Working his cock with my mouth, I gave Glen the blowjob of a lifetime, watching his body react and hearing him sigh.
"You weren't kidding, were you?" He asked, his voice conveying everything to me. I didn't bother to answer. "The other two will be here in a few minutes," his hand moving to the back of my head, his hips thrusting toward me, "I hope you like cum!" This time I couldn't answer, his hand kept my mouth firmly around his shaft.
Whether he was talking about his cum, or his two cum filled buddies on their way over, it didn't matter to me. I didn't just like cum, and at this point I craved it! His body tensed, my body throbbing in anticipation knowing what was coming next. It was as if things began to move in slow motion and my sensations went into overdrive. I could feel his individual fingers on my head, almost feeling his fingerprints through my hair and scalp. The bumps on my tongue touching his cock, the head in the back of my throat, the flavor of his precum. Oh, it was heavenly! My hands on his hips, the sound and rhythm of his breathing. The quick, deep, gasp of air as he desperately tried to hold back. His body tensing under my touch. Feeling his hips press forward, the increased pressure on the back of my head, my nose pressing against his pubic bone as the first hot jets shot into me.
"Ohhhhhhh fuck!" He growled.
I could feel his balls retracting into him, his sack tightening, as more cum blasted into my throat. The flood of cum surging through the underside of his cock like a tidal wave before shooting into my mouth. Beads of sweat formed on his body while his cock gradually softened. Then it became my turn to take charge, I wasn't going to release him until I was done! He'd now leaned back against the pole, he couldn't back away, so I pressed my head against him, holding him in place until he was completely limp.
"I guess you weren't kidding!" He said as I finally let him slip out of my mouth. "That was amazing!"
Standing up, my chest still bare, my hands and body pressing against him, I kissed his chest and neck tasting his salty flesh. His hands roamed my back and ass, squeezing my ass so tight I stood on my toes in my 5" heels. The latex around my torso quickly loosened, he'd found the zipper.
"I always thought you looked better with the least amount of clothing on!" He said as my top feel free of my body.
The cool air hit the upper half of my body as he tossed my top aside. It was a quite liberating feeling. Maybe I'm becoming a nudist?
"You must have been saving up!" I said playfully licking my lips.
"Was someone looking for a jacket?" Someone asked from behind.
"Seems like to nice a night to put a coat on," another man said, "and who would want to cover up such an amazing rack?"
Turning to face them, arching my back to highlight my chest, I extended my hand taking the jacket from the first man who reluctantly handed it to me. Reaching inside the jacket, I pulled the bottle from the inside pocket then tossed the jacket aside.
"As I told Glen," I said holding up the bottle for them to see, "my mouth can only take one cock at a time, so what's the other guy gonna do?" The looks on their faces was quite priceless. First was the look of confusion, followed by understanding. "Too bad you boys didn't bring your cuffs!" I said unzipping the back of my Capri pants giving them access to my ass. "Cocks out boys!"
Horny men are so good at following direction, both of them had their rock-hard cocks out almost instantaneously. Pouring lube in one hand, I tossed the bottle to Glen, before rubbing my hands together and reaching out for both cocks.
"You can wait for my ass," I said to them, "or the two of you can put me on a spit right now!"
"Her mouth is worth it," Glen happily grunted from beside us, "but I'm tappin' that ass one way or another tonight!"
"You say the sweetest things Baby!" I replied guiding one of the cocks behind me.
Feeling the head of his cock pressing against my ass, I leaned back trying to will him inside me. The guy still in front of me stepped forward, his hands finding my chest, his mouth following closely behind, while the soft head slipped into my sphincter. His greased cock sliding into me like a rock-hard eel. With only a couple slow thrusts he was buried inside me, his hips pressing against my ass with his cock filling me.
"Ohhhhhh YES!" I groaned loudly, the first guy assaulting my chest while the second started to pound my ass.
The rhythmic slapping of his body into mine, his hands gripping my hips tightly. My hand wrapped around the cock of the guy in front of me, rubbing and stroking him lightly as I didn't want him to cum. I needed him hard and ready.
"Fuck me Baby!" I moaned pushing back into him. "That's it, fuck me harder!"
I felt his hand grab my hair, grabbing a fistful he used it to pull me back into him answering my plea! It didn't take him long, his cock throbbed and pulsed inside me before filling me with his heat. I grabbed the face of the guy in front of me, staring into his eyes.
"I need you in my ass," I was pleading with him, "and need you to fuck me HARD!"
He simply nodded before disappearing behind me. His slick cock slid into my well lubed ass easily. With him buried, his hands moved to my shoulders, then slowly down to my elbows which he pulled backward. This caused my back to naturally arch, allowing him better access to me, and a better angle to drive into me. His arm slid between my elbows and back allowing him to hold me in place with one hand. He was already thrusting into me hard as his other hand reached up, grabbing a fistful of my hair.
"Like that Slut?" He hissed.
"YES!" I panted in response. "FUCK ME!"
He violently pounded his body into mine, inching my heels forward with each thrust and practically lifting me off them. I began to wonder how much more I could take! He wasn't massive, but his relentless thrusting was going to break me. I'd never had a guy not take a break after a dozen or so hard thrusts; this one was going on a couple minutes without so much as a pause!
"Oh, fuck!" He grunted slamming into me.
His thrusts had finally slowed, but we replaced by him slamming into me harder than ever with a slight pause in between. Slamming into me one more time, this time he did lift my heels off the ground, he held himself inside me as his cock erupted inside me. I could feel his hot seed seeping from my battered ass.
"Hang on Jeff," one of them said, "get her over here! I heard she likes to do something!"
The guy behind me let go of my hair, then still holding my arm and guiding me by my hip, he walked me forward to a large air conditioning unit. Standing on top of the unit was the first guy who'd fucked my ass, his cock now at the perfect height for my mouth.
"Oh, look at that!" He exclaimed. "She's not even here yet and her mouth is already open!"
He wasn't wrong, little did he know my mouth was already watering too! With my thighs pressed against the A/C unit, and a cock in my mouth, Jeff milked his cock into my ass. I thought I'd have a minute to recover, instead Glen was back and ready.
"Well," he grunted as his cock slid inside me, "aren't you the good time had by all!?!"
I couldn't answer, I was too busy cleaning the cock in front of me while Jeff got in position to have his cleaned as well. At least I had my hands and arms free, with my left I massaged and rubbed the cock and balls in my mouth while my right went straight to my clit! Rubbing myself furiously, the cock in my mouth exploded again catching me by surprise. I barely had a chance to recover from his cock being pulled from my lips before the next one replaced it; all the while Glen was fucking my ass! The two of them fucked me, while I furiously rubbed myself through my latex pants. It didn't take me much to orgasm, the entire situation alone was almost enough to do it, rubbing myself just pushed me to the edge quicker. My orgasm muffled by the cock in my mouth.
"You are filthy, aren't you?" The guy in my mouth grunted. "Here, I know you want this!"
Cum shot from his cock, down my throat and into the back of my mouth, swallowing as quickly as I could it wasn't easy to keep up with his torrent. Just as I started to regain control, Glen came inside me, filling my already full ass with more cum.
"I think she's full boys!" He said milking his cock quickly before pulling it out. "Let's just seal that in there!" He laughed as he spoke.
I felt the tug of the zipper, sealing my leaking ass into the black latex. I could only imagine what the inside of my latex pants looked like! I'd orgasmed a couple times at least, and all three of them had cum in my ass. Between that, and the lube, my perspiration I had some kind of mutated biology project going on down there. I also didn't have time to think about it. With Jeff's cock now limp, Glen turned me and pushed me so I was squatting before pushing his limp cock into my mouth.
"Time for clean up!" He chuckled as I licked and sucked his cock clean.
I'd gotten used to being fed a cock that had recently been fucking me, regardless of the hole, but there was still a bit of humiliation to it. Plus, we were behind a bar, and there were three of them, only one of the first names I was sure belonged to one guy and I had no idea what the third guy's name was. When Glen pulled his cock from my mouth the other two guys were gone, so much for learning their names. He handed me my jacket, which caused me to wonder where my top went.
"I think you'll look better like this," he said putting my denim jacket on me, "although you may need to clean up a little bit." Glen picked up my top, rolling it and holding it in one hand while leading me back to the door with the other. "Don't worry," he said as he felt me hesitate, "I'll give your top to your buddy at the bar."
It wasn't that I was worried I wouldn't get the top back; I was about to walk into the bar with an open denim jacket covering my chest. I was covered, but a hand could easily reach into the jacket and touch my chest. It was a bit unnerving, but I soon got over it. Thankfully, Glen did lead me to the lady's room first, which allowed me to unzip my pants and clean up as best I could. The single stall bathroom allowed me to wash myself in the sink. I did what I could to make myself presentable before leaving the bathroom, when I did, Glen was also gone.
"How were your friends?" Jimmy asked as I returned. "They looked like they had fun."
"Oh, they definitely did," I replied as Jimmy's hand slid over my waist to my lower back, pulling the jacket back so my breast was now half exposed. "don't worry though, they left my pussy alone!"
"I am sure they did," Jimmy slid his hand up my side as he spoke, exposing my breast fully, "I plan on fucking you senseless tonight, but you get to have a bit more fun first."
Jimmy handed me a shot, which I downed quickly, feeling it burn its way down my freshly fucked throat while his hand moved to the side of my exposed breast. His thumb pressed against my hard nipple, bending it and rolling it around slowly while his other hand found the front of my latex pants. Soon he was massaging my pussy and clit too, while still manipulating my nipple. I was slowly humping his hand when someone came up to ask for a dance.
"Go have fun!" Jimmy said abruptly withdrawing his hands from my body.
I knew what Jimmy wanted, he wanted me hot, horny and slutty and he was going to get it! It didn't matter to me what the band was playing, my dance partner was a young stud with an impressive bulge in his jeans. Quickly grabbing his hips, I pulled him to me straddling his left leg. His hands grabbed my hips, pulling me tightly to him so I could grind my pussy into him. With him holding me tight, I moved one hand behind his neck, grabbing his wrist with the other. Pulling his mouth to mine, I guided his hand inside my jacket all but placing his hand on my tit.
"That's it, Baby!" I cooed in his ear while he felt me up.
"You're so fucking hot!" He grunted.
My hand slid between us, finding his cock through his jeans and squeezing him. Stroking him as best I could through his jeans while he tugged and squeezed my nipples mercilessly. I was so close to cumming when another guy came up asking to cut in.
"Get me a shot first," I moaned while he shot me a quizzical look, "get me a shot and you can touch me anyway you want!"
The guy turned back to the bar, as he did, I pulled the guy I was dancing with to my mouth again. Kissing him hard, plunging my tongue into his mouth, I felt the warmth fill my latex Capri's as I orgasmed. I was just recovering from my orgasm as a shot glass was waved in front of my eyes. Pulling the shot glass from the hand, I quickly downed it before releasing my first dance partner and moving to the second who needed far less direction. Both his hands immediately went to my hips and up my waist until he'd exposed my chest. Pulling me into him, so I was grinding against him like the previous guy, his hands pressed against the side of my chest squeezing my tits together.
"That's what I like in a man," I groaned pressing my body into his, "someone who sees what he wants and takes it!"
"I am all about the taking!" He grunted as his hands moved to my tits alone, squeezing them while pinching my nipples with his thumb and index finger.
"Oh fuck!" I groaned louder.
My clit was still sore from my last orgasm, yet I couldn't help but grind against him further. Eventually, my mouth found his, my hand found his cock too, squeezing and stroking him as the music played. He wasn't as impressive in size, but his hands knew what to do and that was all I needed. I was close to cumming when the next song started and another shot glass was placed in front of my face.
"Don't worry," the guy handing me the shot glass said before stepping around me, "you don't have to worry about kissing me."
Handing the guy I'd just finished dancing with the shot glass, I felt the new guy's hands slowly making their way up my back. For some reason they were outside my jacket. I went to turn to tell him he was doing it wrong when his hands pulled the jacket off my shoulders ripping it down my arms. His right arms went across my chest, his forearm covering my right tit while his hand covered my left. His left hand moved over my hip, moving quickly to my crotch. Pressing his body into mine, I could feel his cock pressing against me. It was as impressive as his forwardness.
"Grind that ass into me!" He hissed from behind me.
Obediently I did, grinding my ass into his rock-hard cock while his hands pawed me. Two more guys approached, each carrying a shot glass proudly in front of them. My body rippled with excitement, I wasn't sure if it was from what I'd experienced already, what I was experiencing right in that moment, or if it was what I knew was coming that caused it. Then again, I didn't care. It wasn't that I was horny, I definitely was, but I felt the most overtly sexual feeling I'd ever experienced. It wasn't about sex, I WAS sex! Before I knew it the guy behind me was dry humping my ass while the two in front of me were enjoying my tits as yet another shot was poured down my throat. Someone's hand was furiously rubbing my latex covered pussy bringing me excruciatingly close to cumming.
"Ohhh Jesus!" I groaned loudly.
Just then my right hand, which had been pulling a head to my right tit, was pulled away. At first, I fought it, I didn't want the guy enjoying my tit to stop, but my hand was soon holding a throbbing, hot cock. Without a moment's hesitation I started stroking him. Who was it? It didn't matter. If I could have dropped to my knees to suck him off, I would have, by my body was otherwise occupied. My left hand was moved as well, this time I didn't try to resist. Two hands clumsily assaulted my pussy while I stroked two cocks. They weren't coordinated enough to make me cum but they were managing to keep me on edge while a cock surged in my hand. He was cumming!
"Fuck I need that!" I hissed.
Someone said something unintelligible, I heard someone call me a slut. It seemed all I could hear were derogatory terms, which only spurred me forward. Squeezing the shaft in my hand, I milked him, trying to catch whatever I could in my fingers. Releasing him, I managed to pull my fingers to my mouth and quickly lick them clean.
"So tasty!" I cooed, my hips still bucking, my hand still slamming away at the cock in it. "I need more!"
My right hand was pulled downward again. Elation came over me as my fingers wrapped around another shaft. Cock number two was now pumping his load only my hip! Milking him as I did the first, I managed to feed myself another stranger's cum before my hand was pushed to another fresh cock. The guy who'd been sucking my left tit had moved, it was his cock in my hand. His hand was now where his mouth had been while I jacked him off furiously. This time both of them erupted at the same time, providing me two more tastes of man seed!
"You're delicious!" I said licking my lips and fingers.
Walking toward me was another man, with another shot. I already hand two hands on cocks again, my sore tits being mauled by their owners, while their other hands rubbed at my ass and pussy. Sure, I had no problem sharing, but he was going to need to make room for himself. He had an air of cockiness to him though, his eyes discounted my newest friends, as if they didn't exist. Lifting his hand, he poured the shot into my mouth as I tilted my head back. Some of it dribbled down my chin and neck, I was sure he did it on purpose. Here I was jacking off two other guys and he was taking control. Then he undid the front of his jeans.
"Holy shit!" I blurted as he held his cock in view. "Where are you putting that thing?"
"The guy at the bar said your pussy is his," he waved his cock as he spoke, "and I can give myself a hand-job." As he spoke his cock seemed to grow. "And I doubt that little mouth of yours could do more than take the head."
His confidence was commanding. I stroked the guys in my hands quicker, I needed to be done with them! Now! From his shirt pocket he produced a bottle of lube, drizzling it over his cock and pouring it into his palm. I was so intent on watching him toy with me that I barely noticed the two cocks in my hand pulsating as they both came. My hands instinctively knew what to do, milking them both before bringing what I was able to catch to my mouth. The entire time my eyes never left his cock which was horrifyingly large. As he moved around me, the realization finally hit. He wasn't going to lead me out back and fuck me in private, he was going to do it right here in the middle of the dance floor! Looking straight ahead, I saw nothing more than eyes and cell phones, as the zipper protecting my ass from the biggest cock I'd ever seen slid downward. His lubed finger touching my sensitive flesh caused me to jump.
"Just relax there Darlin," his voice had a hint of a southern drawl, "this will help just a bit." My puckered hole tingled slightly as his finger easily penetrated me. "It's a lube but has a bit of numbing cream in there too," his voice was calming as was his tone, "I don't wanna hurt you after all."
He started to slowly screw me with his finger, then added a second. The cream did work, I could feel his fingers but his fingers moved inside me without any discomfort at all. How his cock would do was another question.
"Now you go on ahead and take a nice deep breath," he said as he removed his fingers, "then let it out real slow and do it again." I did as instructed, feeling my chest rising and falling slowly. "I'm just gonna wait a bit," he chuckled softly, "neither of us wants my cock to get numb after all."
"That would be bad!" I replied then gasped as I felt the head of his thick shaft touch my body.
"Deep breaths," his voice was soft and reassuring, "nice and slow, in and out."
It took all my focus not to tense as the head penetrated me further, it seemed to just get bigger! Stretching me further than ever before I realized the numbing cream also made it tough for me to clench, it was like getting Novocain just in my ass.
"Oh FUCK!" I gasped, breathing short breaths as I finally felt the ridge of his cock slip inside my anal canal.
"That's it," he said encouragingly, "we'll just hold on right there for a bit to let you get used to it."
I was standing on my toes in 5" heels in front of a crowd of guys and all I could focus on was the gigantic cock entering me! My feet moved, lifting slightly, as if I were trying to walk off his shaft. His hands were now on my hips, lightly holding me in place, yet asserting a type of command and authority that caused me to not dare move forward. Then his cock slid forward, easily an inch that felt like a foot.
"Oh Jesus!" I blurted as I orgasmed, my pussy juice flowing inside the black latex bottoms I had on. "I'm cumming already!"
"I didn't say you could do that!" I heard from behind me before the white hot heat of a hard spank filled my right ass cheek causing me to yelp and try to jump.
"OH DEAR GOD!" I screamed as a spank hit my left ass cheek.
"Now you behave," his sweet drawl seemingly more pronounced, "I don't wanna have to do that again."
"Yes Sir!" I whimpered in response.
Sliding into me further, my burning buns were no longer a priority as he slowly continued to fill me. The anticipation was infuriating as more and more of him continued inside my body. It was like an anaconda, thick and never ending! The head of this beast inside me finally met something inside me that stopped it. He pushed gently forward in an attempt to rearrange my internal organs with no success.
"For such a little girl," his voice triumphant in it's gentlemanly tone, "you sure got a lotta cock in your ass!" I could only nod in response, afraid that if I opened my mouth the head of his cock would push it's way past my tonsils. "Now I'll start you nice and slow," his tone belying the fact that he had as much of his cock as my body would fit inside me with an audience watching intently, "all you need to do is hang on."
"To what?" I asked suddenly unaware of what to do with my hands.
His cock slid out slightly, certainly enough I could feel the relief of pressure against my innards, before moving back in just as deep as he'd been before. With each back stroke, he pulled further and further out of me, until the entire length of him was moving through my body with ease. In spite of the numbing cream, it hurt, but certainly not like it would have given his enormous girth. My hands finally gripped his as his pace quickened.
"Now you know why I waited until the end," his voice oozing confidence surely as easily as my pussy was oozing wetness, "why rush in with the boys when I can come in after and take the whole damn thing?" I groaned as his pace increased, each thrust now lifting my heels slightly. "A fine ass like yours," his voice huskier now, "a man's just gotta take his time with that!"
He was talking about me like I was a piece of meat! All the while the guys who'd already had their fun with me cheered him on, chanting "fuck her!" over and over again. I was on display for them all while he possessed my body with not only his glorious cock but his cool southern demeanor. My body burned not just for him, but because of him.
"Mother fucker!" I bellowed as he started fucking me hard enough to lift my feet off the floor.
"You sure got a potty mouth for such a pretty girl!" He hissed ramming into me.
"I need to cum!" I cried out turning as best I could. "Please!"
"You do what you gotta do," his voice guttural and deep as his hips met me ass for the first time, "I'm fixin to fill that sweet ass of yours with my seed!"
My right hand shot between my legs, furiously rubbing my clit through the latex and zipper. It was so swollen at this point it felt as if it were twice it's normal size. The room in front of my disappeared, I wasn't sure if my eyes rolled back into my head or if my brain just couldn't process that much stimulus. Whatever it was all I could see was static.
"You ready little lady?" He grunted from behind me.
"YES!" I screamed pushing myself downward on him, feeling his cock force it's way still deeper inside me.
Just then his cock erupted hot lava inside me, I could feel the first burst flowing through him before exploding inside me. Almost immediately, with nowhere else to go, his hot cum poured out of me around his still surging cock. Another hard thrust and eruption caused more to flow from me, try as I might I couldn't hold his cum inside me. He'd pulled his cock halfway out before the third explosion filled me. As it did my pussy let go, I could feel my bodily fluids filling the tight Capri pants and leaking down my lower legs. Pulling his cock further out, with just the head inside me, he milked the last of him inside me. It was like someone had flooded my anal cavity with hot water and was holding it inside me.
"Now don't you move there Darlin," his smooth, cool voice had returned, "I don't want you making a mess of my boots after all."
Move? I could barely stand as it was, it was sheer will and the head of his cock in my sore rings holding me up. Suddenly I felt his head slip from my hole, something momentarily replaced it, then he zipped my pants closed again. There was nothing I could do as his cum slowly poured from my ass trying to find space in my already full pants. In the mean time I lowered myself to the floor, ending up on all fours, completely exhausted. The guys in the bar cheered and hollered as I tried to regain my wits.
"I'm gonna need a bit of a hand here," I heard him say before lifting my head with my hair and bringing it to his cock, "plus, I kinda heard that you like this."
How I hated to admit he wasn't wrong! Licking the cum dripping off his balls, I could feel his wet shaft coating my face. He didn't even need to hold me in place anymore, licking him clean felt like a much-needed relief. Of course, he didn't know that and kept a firm grip on my hair as my mouth expertly moved over him. His once enormous cock was now a flaccid 6 inches that slid into my mouth with ease. In the back of my mind I could still hear the voices around us, but they weren't my focus, rewarding his glorious cock with my mouth was all I cared about. When he'd decided he was sufficiently clean he pulled his cock away from me, then slowly lowered me to the floor.
"Thank you for taking such good care of me little lady," he said tipping an imaginary hat, "I'm sure your friend will come and collect you presently."
Lying on the floor I soon realized that my upper back and hair were directly in the puddle I'd left behind. It was warm, sticky and gross, which fit the rest of me perfectly. Jimmy did appear a moment or two later with a sly smirk on his face. Leaning down, he helped me to my feet, holding me up for a moment with one hand while flinging my jacket over his right shoulder with the other. In one quick move he lifted me over his shoulder, which put pressure directly on my lower abdomen, causing a new flood of bodily fluids to flood into my latex Capri pants. Jimmy carried me out of the bar, still topless, ass in the air, while I was given a few parting spanks. As I was being carried out, I could feel cum and whatever else drying on my back and in my hair. It then occurred to me that he hadn't put my jacket over his shoulder as a convenient way to carry it, but as a barrier from everything I was covered with from getting on him.
The cold night air sent chills through my entire body. Carefully setting me down on my heels, Jimmy opened the truck door, laying my jacket out on the passenger side of the bench seat.
"Did you have fun?" He asked rubbing his hands over my chest.
"That last guy was," my body shuddered as I thought of him practically splitting me in two, "beyond belief."
"Steve will be disappointed to know your ass will need a break for a bit." Jimmy chuckled as he helped me into his truck.