It's common for people use the analogy of a crossroads to describe times of fundamental choice in their life. Of course, it also describes two roads that happen to cross. For me, on a Saturday morning in the late summer of 1989, both descriptions were apt.
For our younger readers, in 1989, there were no cellphones or Uber, and we all seemed to be perfectly happy with being disconnected from the rest of the world. There were no social media or dating apps and most of us tended to meet girls at the local bar or club on a Friday night. I tell you this because it's relevant to how I ended up standing in front of a Stop sign on a country road, halfway through an 8 mile walk back to my apartment.
I was 22 and had landed my first job out of college with a good-sized regional bank. I was excited and assumed I'd be assigned to one of their main offices, but they believed that new young managers should start work in one of their local branch banks. That's how I ended up in a small town in Oklahoma, assigned as the branches' assistant manager. In and of itself though, that doesn't help explain where I was standing. That was the result of having drank too much, made a bad decision, then corrected that error with what I believed was a smart decision.
I had gone out the night before with a group of friends to one of the so-called nightclubs in town, the Crazy Eight. We had been pounding shots and I found myself on the dancefloor slow-dancing with a girl that had clear designs on taking me home. Normally, that would have been perfect, but for the fact that the Tequilla had seriously swayed my standards.
An hour later, I was in her bed. I'll admit that her body wasn't all that bad, but even in my alcohol-clouded mental state, I knew that fucking her, sans condoms, could very easily lead to me being trapped in this small town with someone I didn't want to be with. Fortunately, one of my college girlfriends had taught me a lot about oral sex and I was able to get her off twice with a combination of my tongue and a couple of well-placed fingers. She tried doing the same for me, but I was drunk enough that I never came.
The next morning, I was jarred awake when her roommate jumped up on the bed and in an overly cheery tone asked, "So, how was it?"
Her roommate was actually modestly cute, with curly hair and what looked like nice, perky tits under a thin, oversized sleep shirt. Rhonda, the girl I had just spent the night with said, "He didn't want to fuck, but he has a seriously talented tongue."
"Ooooo...maybe he should show me," she said, pulling her nightshirt off and exposing her nude body. Her tits where just as perky as I had thought, with puffy, pointed nipples. Before I could look lower though, Rhonda threw a pillow at her.
"You're such a slut! He's my date and you need to go find your own."
"I'm sure he wouldn't mind having both of us...would you?"
"Get the fuck out of my room," Rhonda said in a near yell.
"Whatever." With that, her roommate grabbed her nightshirt, got off the bed and headed out the bedroom door, showing off a seriously cute ass as she pranced away.
I looked over at Rhonda, and my prior night's judgement, while seriously clouded, had been spot on. She was just plain ugly and not even her half-way descent body and clearly liberal attitude about sex could overcome that simple reality.
I made an excuse that I had a bunch of errands to run that day and had to leave. I quickly dressed and turned down an offer of a ride home, claiming it was a nice morning and I would just walk. In truth, I didn't want her to know where I lived. It was only after I had walked a mile and stopped at a convenience store that I realized I was actually on the northeast side of town and lived nearly 8 miles away. Oh well.
It really was a gorgeous morning, and the walk was fairly pleasant, although I was horny as fuck. My big brain kept reminding me I had made the right decision, but my little brain kept chiming in about how fun a threesome would have been...and her roommate's ass has been seriously hot.
The fastest way to get back to my place took me down a long, straight rural road just on the edge of town. I was about halfway home when a car pulled up and asked if I wanted a ride. The driver was an older man in his early 60s and seemed reasonably nice so I accepted the ride. I told him where I was going and he said it was on his way and he'd be glad to drop me off.
He asked me why I was out walking and I gave him an abbreviated version of the previous night. He thought the story was funny as hell and pressed for more details so I went ahead and spilled the details, including about the roommate.
"No real surprise, you're a really good looking guy. That's a lot of willpower though. You must be horny as hell." He said this as he took several glances over at me, including looking down at my crotch. I noticed, but didn't really think anything of it.
"Definitely after all that. I'll probably take a long shower when I get home."
He looked down at my crotch again, then back at the road and casually continued, "Young guys like you have a lot of needs. I used to jack off all the time when I was your age...You like to masturbate?"
What the fuck? Did he really just say that? I was totally unsure of how to respond, but in my seriously horny state, I just answered honestly. "Yah. Who doesn't?"
Very casually, he said, "It's natural for guys to masturbate. I still do every day. Not much pussy when you get to be my age though, but that's their loss. My cock still gets just as hard as always." He paused for several seconds then continued, "You're a lot younger though and in your prime. You probably need to multiple times a day," letting the comment hang in the air.
I have zero idea why, but I answered truthfully again, "Yah, pretty much whenever I can."
He looked down at my crotch again, then back at the road. "You should now. I'm sure you really need to and I won't mind."
At this point, I should probably provide a little background context for how I responded and what I did next. I was a cute, but skinny kid growing up, my body well outpacing my coordination, so sports just weren't really in the cards for me except track, where I ran distance and routinely won. Other than track, my main extracurricular activities were band and theater.
Most of my closest friends were girls and at times, I guess my mannerisms could be a little fem. This led to a fair amount of teasing and being called fag or gay, which I never considered myself. I was raised in a very normal, midwestern, conservative family and the idea of being gay just wasn't an option.
That said, when I went to college, I discovered an adult theater in the city and began going from time to time. Seeing sex on the big screen was something I had never experienced and it made me even hornier, if that was possible. Sometimes, older guys would come sit close to me and take out their cocks and openly stroke. At first, I was way to nervous to do it, but eventually, I tried it and found showing off to be an incredible turn on.
My body was lean and fit. I was 5' 10" and 135 lbs, with green eyes and near shoulder-length dirty blonde hair. Other than normal pubic hair, at least initially, the rest of my body was pretty much smooth. Today, people would refer to me as a twink, and my round, bubble ass certainly added to that definition. I was one of the few young guys that went to the theater so I tended to get a fair amount of attention from the other guys in the theater.
The first time a guy came over and took hold of my cock, I was so shocked, I sat their frozen and let them jack me off. Being the first time, I came in no time and immediately fastened my jeans up and left, very embarrassed by what had just happened.
I couldn't get the experience out of my mind though and started going back, usually a couple of times a week. I found I loved the attention and would let the older guys come sit next to me and stroke my cock and soon I was stroking theirs. Then I got my first blowjob from a guy. Again, I came in no time but hung around a while longer afterwards.
It was around this time that I began dating Samantha, Sam for short. I think she sensed I'd make a fun play toy and it turned out she was right. She wanted to be in control and explore all her desires and was looking for a sub guy to follow her lead. I was more than happy to be just that person.
Sam's the one who taught me all my oral skills. She loved oral sex and could have the most amazing orgasms from it, squirting at least a little almost every time if I did it right and a lot if I managed a particularly good job. Sex was the same way and we always needed a towel under or, or to do it somewhere that it didn't matter if we made a mess.
I totally loved spending as much time between Sam's legs as she wanted. Part of the reason was that she shaved bare, and I never had to deal with getting hair in my mouth. Even though a few porn stars had begun shaving by 1989, it was still uncommon, which made it all the more exotic and sexy. She said it was becoming popular with some lesbians since it facilitated better oral sex and scissoring. She added that it also made cleaning up a lot easier given how wet she got during sex.
Even though the rest of my body was essentially hairless, I had a thick patch of blonde pubic hair, which was a nonstarter for Sam. She used an initial blowjob to explain just what was at stake, then explained that further oral pleasures would require her to deal with "the forest" as she put it. This led to a trimming session with scissors, followed by a long, shared bath. When it was all done, I was as smooth and bare as the day I was born. Fortunately, she also introduced me to Lidocaine gel, which prevented all the bumps associated with new shavers.
I honestly think I was probably one of the very first guys who had a totally shaved pubic area. I was more than happy to do it for Sam as the oral sex was truly amazing and I couldn't help but admit that I really liked the look and feel. To this day, I still keep myself totally bare.
Besides oral sex, Sam also loved to play with toys and had a fetish for fucking me with her dildos. We both quickly discovered my body really responded to that type of sexual stimulation and she ended up buying a strap on, and after that, we traded fucks one for one.
She's the first person to openly and honestly tell me I was gay, but if I enjoyed being with women, there was no reason I couldn't enjoy both sexes equally. This was a revelation to me and something that took time for me to digest as I was pretty naive at this point and really didn't fully understand the concept of being bisexual.
Sam taught me that society puts everyone in a box, but I could choose to be who I wanted and do whatever I enjoyed doing. She explained that she was bi and enjoyed being with men and women equally and believed that we should be able to enjoy our bodies and be with who we wanted to be with. This concept was totally foreign to me, but it made a lot of sense and the more I thought about it, the more I felt like it fit for me.
We continued seeing each other for nearly six months until she graduated and moved to California to start a new life and continue her exploration of desires and experiences. I continued casually dating and enjoyed sex with several more girls, but it never approached the intensity of what I shared with Sam. I was still far too insecure to try dating guys and really didn't know how to meet them other than my continued trips to the adult theater.
Before she left, she gave me a going away gift. I opened the box and found two dildos and a strap on I could use with either. I never met another girl that used the strap on, but continued to routinely use the dildos on myself. I still have the larger one and it always reminds me of Sam whenever I slide it into my ass.
Back to the present...So when he suggested I go ahead and start masturbating in the car, the memories of the theater came rushing back and I wanted to show off for him. I didn't say a word, just unbuckled my belt, then unfastened and unzipped my jeans and slid them down to my knees, my totally bare and rapidly hardening cock in full view. I took hold and began slowly stroking myself as I looked over to gauge his reaction.
I thought his eyes were almost going to pop out of his head. "Fuck! You're totally hairless! That's so fucking hot."
"Thanks. An ex-girlfriend who was really into oral hated getting hair in her mouth and shaved me. I decided I liked it, so kept doing it."
"It might be the sexiest, fucking thing I've ever seen. How old are you?"
"Twenty-two."
He was silent for several seconds as he kept glancing over at my cock as he drove, finally saying, "Good to know, cause you look a lot younger than that. I guess you shave it all off?"
I nodded my head, then took hold of my cock and began to slowly stroke it, almost feeling in control and enjoying showing off for him. "You like watching me do it?"
He licked his lips, then responded. "Hell yah. I bet it feels really good."
"It does."
He watched and drove for several seconds, then said, "Hey, you like being naked too?"
"Sure. I spend a fair amount of time in my apartment naked."
"Well, my place is just a few miles outside of town and it's really private and I spend a lot of time naked too, indoors and out. Wanna come over and join me? I'll be glad to take you back home whenever you want."
I thought about it for several seconds while I continued stroking. I was so fucking horny by this point I already knew my answer, but just needed to give myself time to say it out loud. "Sure. That sounds like fun."
"Great!"
Just after we passed the turn that would have taken us back into town and to my apartment, he said, "You know...there's nothing really along this road until we get to my place. No reason you can't go ahead and get naked right now."
In my hyper-aroused state, I needed no further encouragement and kicked my shoes off, pushed my jeans down and off, then unbuttoned and removed my shirt, now totally naked in this stranger's car.
"Fuck, you have a hot body! Turn and let me see that sexy little ass of yours."
I did as he requested and he reached out and grabbed hold of my left cheek and gave it a good squeeze.
"I'm not sure which is hotter, that hard, bare cock of yours of that sexy smooth ass. You ever been fucked?"
"The same girlfriend that shaved me used to fuck me with a strap on and I have a couple of dildos I use on myself, but never by a real cock."
"Would you like to have a real cock in that sexy virgin ass of yours?"
I had to slow down as I was getting close to cumming and his words weren't helping with my control in the slightest. "Yes," I quietly, almost shyly said. It was the first time I had admitted that to a guy.
"Pull your cheeks open and let me see that hole of yours."
I leaned over on my right hip and pulled my left cheek up, knowing I was now giving him a clear view of my puckered asshole.
"Fuck," he softly said as he exhaled. "Most girls would kill for an ass like that."
He reached out and ran his finger over my asshole, sending shivers through my body. I held it open for a few more seconds, then let it go and sat back in the seat. I wondered if this was how the girls in the pornos felt as they exposed their bodies to a stranger's gaze, knowing they were going to let anyone who wanted, watch them get fucked. The sexual rush and feeling of power was intoxicating.
Some people might have thought this older perv was using me...maybe...but I was the one in control and while I didn't really know it at that point, I was using him to get what I wanted too. Sam had taught me to essentially discount the normal rules of society and I had taken it to heart when it came to our sexual play. Now I would take it to another level and learn the power that came with being a willing slut.
A few minutes later, Bob slowed and turned off onto a gravel road, running between open fields. Just as the road curved, he turned left onto a gravel driveway that ran between a line of trees, opening into a clearing with a small farmhouse, barn, and a couple of sheds. He pulled up in front of the house and shut off the engine. "Here we are."
I grabbed my clothes, climbed out, and followed Bob onto the porch and into the house, my cock still rock hard and sticking straight out in front of me. The house was small, but clean and tidy, the front door opening into a descent-sized living room with a bathroom and two bedrooms to the right and the kitchen and dining area in the back. I set my clothes on the sofa in the living room as Bob gave me a tour of the place.
I imagined that all Bob wanted to do was to jump me right then and there, but figured he didn't want to scare me off and was playing things cool, making sure I was relaxed and comfortable. Being totally naked while he was still dressed was really turning me on and my cock remained at full attention.
A back door off the kitchen led onto a wooden deck with an outdoor table and chairs, and two loungers. "Guess I'll get undressed too," Bob said as he began taking off his shoes and socks, shirt, then jeans and underwear.
Bob had an older man's body, but he was still in reasonably good shape. He was just a little taller than me at 5' 11", and probably 170 lbs, with thinning grey hair and similarly colored chest and pubic hair. I could tell he was honest about spending time naked as he had a fairly good, full-body tan.
He was clearly aroused, but not fully hard, his cock sticking out at about a 45-degree angle. He was circumcised and had a fat, dark-purple head, with a slightly slimmer shaft, and I guess he was probably around 6" when fully hard.
He stepped over in front of me and we both reached out and took hold of each other's cocks, his growing harder almost immediately from my touch. Neither of us said a word as we stroked each other, our heads bent down to watch. With his free hand, he began rubbing over my chest and playing with my nipples, squeezing them just a little.
"Do you like to suck cock?"
I responded by sliding down to my knees and raising his cock and running my tongue up the underside of his shaft, then swirling around the head before opening my lips and sliding his cock into my mouth. I took about half of him as I began to suck, slowly taking more and more til I felt his head pushing against the back of my throat just as I reached his base, eliciting a moan of pleasure.
He put his hand on the back of my head and using light pressure, began fucking my mouth. I sucked and swirled my tongue around the shaft as he used me for his pleasure. This was the first cock I had had in my mouth since my final visit to the theater just after graduation, and reminded me just how much I enjoyed sucking cock.
After a couple of minutes, he released my head and I stood up. "Do you want me to fuck you?"
At this point, there was nothing I wanted more. "Please."
While the AIDS crisis had begun to spread on both coasts and in the major cities, it was pretty much unheard of in small, midwestern towns, so I didn't even consider asking about using a condom. He said he was going to get some lube and walked back into the house, coming back a minute later with a tube and also a small bottle of what I learned was poppers.
He explained that you inhaled it and gave you a short, intense sexual buzz and also relaxed things for anal sex. He handed me the little bottle. As he lubed his cock, I opened the bottle and put it next to my nose and inhaled, the strong chemically smell roaring through my sinuses. Almost instantly, my body felt like it was on sexual fire, a wave of intense horniness pulsing through my ass and up through my balls and into my cock. Holy fuck.
"Like it?"
"Fuck yah," I purred, inhaling another dose then putting the lid back on.
"Bend over the table and spread your legs. I wanna feel that sexy ass wrapped around my cock."
I did as he directed and bent over, placing my forearms on the table and spreading my legs. Bob stepped up behind me and pushed his slick cock between my cheeks, rubbing it up and down until his head was nestled against my now ragingly horny asshole and began to push slowly.
My ass was accustomed to taking my dildos and opened without protest to his cock. In fact, I immediately discovered that even rock hard, his cock was more pliable than my dildos and slid smoothly into me, allowing him to slide all the way in.
"Fuck...your ass feels like silk," he said as he began to slowly fuck me. I let out a moan of pleasure. I was being fucked by a man for the first time. I had a real cock in my ass and I just knew this was what I wanted...what my body had always been wanting.
"Oh yah...fuck me...fuck my ass...your cock feels soooo fuckin' good."
He did just that. He began fucking in long, steady strokes, his pace slowly increasing as my ass opened to give me free reign over me. "What a sweet fucking ass. I bet you like being a little cock slut, don't you?"
I just whimpered..."yes...yes...I'm a little cock slut."
"Fuck yah...you know you are," he said as he began pounding my ass, "You like being called names?"
"Ohhh....ohh...yah...call me anything."
"Mmmm...you're a little sissy fag that likes taking older men's cocks aren't you."
"Yesssss...ohhh...fuck you feel good. Fuck me...fuck your little sissy fag."
"Such a good little slut," he groaned. "You want daddy to fill your sissy ass with my cum?"
I looked back between my arms and saw my own hard cock bouncing back and forth to his thrusts, drops of my own cum beginning to run out of it. What the fuck??? Was I cumming? How could I? But I was. I could feel it, but without the contractions, my balls pumping a long stream of cum through my engorged shaft and out the tip, the sensation of orgasm centered in my ass and radiating outward.
Bob groaned loudly and slammed into my ass, his own cock erupting, sending thick ropes of semen deep into me. I could feel his cock contracting again and again as he filled me, his thrusts now deep and short. I didn't want it to end, but he pushed hard into me one last time then held still, his cock quivering as he held it deep inside, bathed in pool of his cum.
It took several seconds before my body began to come down from it's own orgasm. I didn't want it to end, but I knew there would be more to come...lots and lots more. This was what my body was made for...how it wanted to be pleasured. At that instant, I knew.
"Reach back and pull your cheeks apart. When I pull out, I want to see my cum run out of your ass."
I did as he asked, pulling my ass cheeks wide as I felt his cock slowly pull out of me. Seemingly on reflex, my ass contracted, and a thick glob of cum hit the deck. My ass continued contracting several more times, push most of the cum out of me as it dribbled onto the deck, some running down my inner thigh.
"Mmmm. So fuckin' hot," Bob said, almost under his breath. "Stay there and leg me get you a wash cloth."
Bob returned a couple minutes later with a warm, wet washcloth and gently cleaned me up, his touch tender and kind. He took the washcloth inside and came back out with two cold beers. We sat down at the patio table and just relaxed, the ice cold beer tasting wonderful after our physical exertions.
"It looked like you came too. Did you?"
"I did. I'm not quite sure how...I never touched myself, but a bunch of cum poured out of me and I could feel the orgasm. It wasn't focused on my cock though, like it normally is, but in my ass."
"I've read about it happening, but thought it was an urban legend. They call it a prostate orgasm and can happen when someone's prostate is stimulated. I must have been hitting it or rubbing against it as I fucked you. Your ass started rapidly contracting at the same time, which is what sent me over the edge. I came like a schoolboy."
"It was one of the most amazing things I've ever experienced. I totally loved it."
"Well I hope that means you want to do it again."
"I'll do it anytime you want."
We certainly did that afternoon. After finishing the beer, Bob got some suntan oil and spent half an hour oiling me up and using his hands to explore every inch of my body. By the time he drove me home, he had fucked me again and he sucked me off a third time. Pretty much the same thing happened on Sunday.
That next week, I came over after work on Tuesday and Thursday, then again on Saturday and Sunday during the day to sunbath. My body tanned easily and I was getting a pretty impressive all over tan. I just couldn't get enough of being fucked and filled with cum. We fucked in his bed, in the living room, in the kitchen, on some haybales in the barn, and in the middle of the back yard. Bob told me he hadn't been this horny and virile in years.
On Saturday, Bob told me he wanted me to try something on and brought out two pair of women's underwear. One was a silky, white bikini and the other was red lace. He said he had been in Oklahoma City on Friday and had stopped at the new Victoria's Secret store.
I had always had a tendency toward more feminine mannerisms, which I had carefully checked, but knew I had been letting them show through around Bob. I guess being fucked like a girl and called a sissy slut had the tendency to do that. Now I felt embarrassed, but Bob assured me I shouldn't and how turned on he was by it. He said when he saw the store, all he could think about was buying me something sexy to wear.
I tried them on and loved wearing them immediately. The silky ones were very stretchy and felt like I wasn't wearing anything at all. The lace ones weren't as comfy, but looked sexy as fuck on my body. I found that if I pulled my cock back between my balls as I slipped then on, I could hide most of my bulge and it actually looked like a had a really big, vulgar camel toe.
On Sunday, I drove down to Ok City myself and went to Victoria's Secret, buying two more pair and even a matching set of lace panties and bra, along with a garter belt and thigh highs. The lady who helped me thought I was so sweet to be buying things for my girlfriend. I also stopped by Walmart and bought several more pair, having decided that I wanted to wear them every day under my work clothes.
Instead of heading back on the interstate, I decided to take a different route that looked a little shorter on the map. It was shorter and most of the drive was on a major, four-lane state highway. I was more than halfway home when I saw a sign for a XXX store and decided to stop. It was located right behind a truck stop and the sign in front advertised a club with mini theaters.
I looked over at the Walmart bag beside me, my heart racing just a little. While I had been in the girl's section, I had seen a sale rack for the last of the summer stuff and found a pair of XL cutoff shorts and an XL tank top, both of which I bought. I wanted to wear them inside in the worst way, but I could feel my face flushing at the thought of doing it.
I sat in the parking lot for a good five minutes trying to decide. I finally made up my mind and did it, changing in the car. Both the shorts and tank seemed to fit just fine, although the shorts felt really short. I slipped on my tennis shoes and got out, feeling so exposed, embarrassed, and totally turned on.
The cutoffs were seriously short and my bubble ass forced them even higher. I reached back and could just feel the bottom curve of my ass before I hit fabric. Oh well...I wanted to show off and I was definitely doing that.
There were a handful of cars in front and a few semis parked in back, but when I walked in, I only saw two other guys in the store. I guessed the rest must have been in the back. I browsed through the magazines and videos for a few minutes, finding gay sections in both. I made a note to buy a couple of the mags and a video before I left. I also browsed the toy section and decided on a package of three metal cockrings I wanted to try out.
As I shopped, both of the other guys walked over near me, clearly checking me out. This turned me on and I made sure to turn so they could see my ass. One of the guys walked up to the counter and brought a ticket for the theater and disappeared behind a curtain.
I waited a minute then walked up to the counter to buy my own ticket. The guy behind the counter told me the back was considered a private club for consenting adults and I'd need to buy a 6-month membership if I wanted to go back. He said the membership was $10 and included the first visit. After that, it was $5 per visit.
I asked him why it was set up as a private club and he passed me a single sheet of paper and told me to read it and sign at the bottom. The sheet had a lot of legal wording, but essentially said that I was agreeing to join a private club for consenting adults and that I wasn't offended by adult media content, nudity, or open sexual activity. I finished reading it then looked up.
"The private club designation prevents me from being raided and you or anyone else from being arrested for exposing yourself or any kind of lewd behavior. The sheriff understands that some guys need a place to...well, relax and unwind and figures it's best to have all outside town, if you get what I mean."
I did. I signed the paper and was about to pay when I noticed a bunch of small bottles in the cabinet below me...different types of poppers. I wanted my own, so as the guy for the one he's recommend. I paid for the poppers and membership and headed back, my heart racing, unsure of what I would find.
Once I passed through the curtain, I found myself in a dark hallway. I slowly worked my way to the end of the hall where it turned to the right, my eyes working to adjust. A few feet later, it turned to the right again. The hallway in front of me had multiple doors on both sides.
Most of the doors were on the left and opened into video booths, most with glory holes. There were three doors on the right and another curtain at the end. The doors opened into mini theaters, with a combination of old sofas and chairs. Two were playing straight movies and one was showing a gay flick. Two of the booths had their doors closed and I assumed were occupied. The gay theater was empty and each of the other theaters had a single guy in them, both openly masturbating.
I walked through the curtain at the end of the hall and found myself in the largest of all the rooms. It had a projection screen and was showing what I assumed was a straight movie, although the current scene had two naked girls pleasuring each other in a 69.
The room had four sofas arranged along the walls and a large, rectangular ottoman in the middle. The only other feature was an alcove in the back corner fronted by a half-height wall.
There were five other guys in the room. A guy who looked to be in his mid-40s was sitting on one of the sofas, his jeans unfastened and stroking his exposed cock. An older guy with greying hair was sprawled on another sofa, totally naked, also playing with his cock. A black guy, who looked to be in his early 30s was standing in the corner with his jeans pushed down, while a younger white guy, also totally naked, was on his knees giving him a blowjob. The last guy was leaning against the wall to my right. He looked to be in his 40s and was rubbing his cock through a pair of sweatpants.
The open display of nudity and sexual play almost made me lightheaded. As I stood near the curtain and took in the scene, I suddenly felt a hand on my ass. I turned and saw that it was the guy who had been in the main store area when I walked in and bought a ticket just before me.
His hand was rubbing over the curve of my right ass cheek, his fingers curving up to feel the exposed bare skin. He leaned in and whispered, "You have an incredible ass." I turned towards him and smiled, pushing my ass back into his hand. Encouraged, he began kneading my ass while he brought his other hand to my chest and began playing with my hard nipple, which was rock hard.
I squirmed under his touch and rocked my hips slowly back and forth. My mind was swimming with thoughts about what might happen and what I could do if I let myself. There really wasn't any debate though. Sam had taught me to live the way I wanted and not to let others dictate my choices. And Bob had showed me just how much I enjoyed being with another guy, even one that was nearly 40 years my senior. If I just went with it, I'd likely get to try a little exhibitionism and possibly even some group play, both I had fantasized about.
Encouraged by my body's movements, the guy slid his hand down and over my crotch, feeling the bulge of my rapidly hardening cock. Seeing the burgeoning action, the guy on my right moved over next to me and began running his hand over my chest, feel my nipples that were poking through the thin fabric of my tank.
He slid his hand down and under the tank, raising it and exposing my chest, before bending over and licking, then sucking on my right nipple. Ohhhh, that felt good. I let me eyes roam around the room and saw that everyone was watching, except for the guy giving the blowjob.
The guy rubbing my crotch moved his hand up and I felt him unbutton and then unzip my shorts, sliding his hand inside, running over my bare pubic area and down to take hold of my cock and pull it free. I reached into my left pocket and pulled out my new bottle of poppers, then pushed the shorts over my hips and let them fall on the floor, now naked from the waist down.
Seeing this, the guy on my right pulled my tank top off as I stepped out of the shorts. Other than my tennis shoes, I was now totally naked, a thrill of excitement shooting through my body. As one guy played with my cock and the other rubbed my sensitive nipples, I open the poppers and inhaled deeply, feeling the instant sexual buzz flow through me. I was ready to be their slut.
I glanced around and saw the everyone's eyes were on me. Even the younger guy giving the blowjob had stopped and turned. The older nude guy got up from the sofa and walked over, standing right in front of me. Multiple hands started roaming over my body...touching, exploring. The sensation was intoxicating.
The older naked guy turned to the corner and called out, "Hey Tyler, he's shaved off all his pubic hair. He's totally bare and it looks hot as fuck. You need to do it too."
The guy on my left who had started it all ask, "You from around here? Haven't ever seen you here before."
"I moved into town a few months ago. I just discovered this place today."
"Well welcome to our own little slice to hedonistic pleasure. What goes on here, stays here. Any of us ever see you in town, we won't say a word and just ask that you don't either."
"Trust me. I totally get it and promise to never say anything."
"Good boy. Let me give you a couple of tips. If you wanna just watch the movies, you can go to one of the mini theaters and the locals will leave you alone...can't speak for anyone who just stops in like the truckers. If you want to play in private, you can go to a booth. If you're into group play though, or like being watched, come on in here. Just know that with a hot body like yours, you'll be very popular."
"That sounds pretty straightforward."
"Oh, and if you get naked in here, you're telling everyone you're available and are looking to suck and get fucked, like Tyler over there or old Henry. So now's your chance to decide if you wanna stay naked or get dressed, and whether you want to stay in here or go someplace else."
My brain was exploding. Could this be for real? Had I really found the path to unlimited sex and hedonistic fun? I couldn't keep the grin off my face. "I think I'm gonna love it in here and no clothes suits me just fine."
Henry chimed in. "I think the boys should give us a little show."
Tyler stood up and started walking over. He looked like he was maybe a couple of years older than me and maybe an inch taller, but otherwise had a very similar, slim build, including a sexy round ass. He had pale skin and dark brown hair that he wore short, and brown eyes. His cock looked delicious and nearly identical to mine in shape and size, other than he had a full bush of pubic hair. I wondered if I could get him to try shaving too.
The one real difference I noticed immediately was that he had a much more feminine gate and mannerisms. I was curious if he just let go in here or whether he was like that in public too. I learned later that he worked in the men's department at Dillards and could get away with it to a degree, but being in Oklahoma, he consciously worked on hiding it most of the time.
Tyler walked up and Henry stepped out of the way. "Hi there," he said with a big smile. He leaned and whispered, "You look sexy as fuck all smooth. I bet that makes sucking you amazing."
I smiled and whispered back..."Wanna find out?"
"Sounds like they'd like a little show. Care to join me to on the lounger? Oh...and don't be surprised if you suddenly feel something hard against your ass. This group loves to fuck."
We looked each other in the eyes, only a couple of inches apart. "Let's put on a little show then," I said seductively..."You prefer top or bottom?"
"Why don't you take the top. They've had my ass plenty of times."
Tyler took my hand and led me over to the rectangular lounge ottoman in the center of the room. I was covered in black leatherette material and was nicely padded. We both climbed on in a kneeling position facing each other, our bodies nearly touching. We began letting our hands explore the other bodies as we looked into each other's eyes. I had never kissed another guy, but Tyler was incredibly sexy and sensual and it just felt natural.
He clearly felt the same way and our lips met and parted, our tongues sliding into each other's mouths as we French kissed. "Fuckkkk...look at them," one of the other guys said. "I know. It's like watching a porno," another commented.
We kept this up for a couple of minutes then broke our kiss. I would never have imagined I'd be so turned on kissing another guy. I actually wanted to fuck him, but we had other plans. We slid down onto the lounger and into a 69 position with me on top. Within seconds, we were devouring each other's cocks.
In truth, a 69 isn't the best position for sucking cock, as your tongue doesn't naturally align with the glans. But even with that, Tyler's mouth was nothing short of spectacular. His tongue swirled around the shaft and he took my entire length effortlessly, the top of my cock encased by the muscles of his throat as his tongue continued it's magic.
Tyler's cock was nearly a duplicate to my own, which was a turn-on itself, but also meant it was long enough that I just couldn't take all of him. Over the next couple of months, Tyler became my teacher in all things related to gay sex. He was the master...and I was his willing student.
He taught me how to suck a cock and all the magical things I could do with my tongue, including teasing a guy's pee hole with the tip. More importantly, he taught me how to deepthroat and the angles I could use to get a larger cock into my throat. He gave me exercises to do with a dildo that helped me essentially suppress my gag reflex and open my throat at will.
He also improved my skill in anal sex, although he quickly admitted I was a natural. It was like my ass was designed to take a cock and could handle even fat 12" dildos with relative ease. What he did teach me was when to contract and use my anal muscles to provide the most pleasure...and also when to relax and open up to just let them fuck you.
It wasn't a one-sided education though, and I did teach Tyler two very practical skills, how to shave and how to properly douche, both skills I had learned from Sam. While both were easily done alone, once we became roommates, we enjoyed the fun and intimacy of shaving and douching each other in the shower.
All of that though was to come in the future. At the moment, I was reveling in my first chance to play with a guy my own age, and an incredibly sexy one at that. We sucked and licked each other, pleasuring our cocks while also putting on a show for the other guys who were now standing around the lounger.
In that position, my asshole was raised and exposed, and not more than a minute after we started, I felt a wet finger begin rubbing against it. I wiggled my ass a little and was rewarded by the finger slowly penetrating my ass, then begin to finger fuck me. "Looks like he's ready for more than just a finger," one of the observers said.
A few seconds later I felt something run down the crack of my ass...lube, then a finger rub it in and around my hole. A few seconds later I felt a hard cock begin rubbing over my ass then settle against my hole. I relaxed and pushed back and felt the head slide into my ass.
I was tempted to momentarily stop sucking and turn to see who was entering me, but the anonymity of it was turning me on and decided to just let him have his way with me. I also liked showing the guys in the room that I liked being treated like a slut.
I was super wound up and his cock felt amazing as it slid in. My ass readily opened to accept him and he didn't stop until he had bottomed out inside me and began fucking me with a steady rhythm.
"Fuck...looks like he knows how to take a cock. How does he feel?"
"Un-fucking believable. It feels like my cock is being wrapped in silk."
"Mmm. Looks like we've found another slut to use and enjoy."
He picked up the pace, his motion causing me to rock back and forth. I adjusted the tempo of my sucking to match and I could feel Tyler do the same. He kept up the same steady pace for the next few minutes, demonstrating admirable stamina, before finally accelerating towards an orgasm. I knew I was leaking a serious amount of cum in Tyler's mouth and my entire body felt like it was on fire.
"You ok if I cum in your ass?"
This time I needed to lift up and turn to answer. I saw it was the first guy who started rubbing my ass. "If you know you're clean, then go ahead."
"All of us locals here are clean. I assume you are too?"
"I am. Totally."
"Then get ready for your first load."
First load huh, I thought to myself. This could get intense. His hips slammed into me several times and I could feel his body convulsing as the grunted, feeling my ass grow even wetter and knowing he was pumping streams of his hot cum deep into my ass. One final thrust and he held still, buried inside me.
He held that position for a few seconds then pulled out. His cock was almost immediately replaced by another, this one shorter and fatter. He began pounding my ass hard, but didn't say anything or make any noises. A couple of minutes later, the rhythm of his thrusts changed and I could tell he was cumming, his thrusts now timed to each spurt.
As he slowed and finally stopped, Tyler released my cock and slid out from under me. He rotated around and smiled as he moved in to kiss me. I had been so totally wrapped up in the feeling of getting fucked that I had entirely missed that I had dumped a sizeable load of my own into Tyler's mouth, which he now shared with me in sexy, open mouthed kiss.
At the same time, the guy who had been fucking me pulled out and I could feel my ass contracting, pushing the two loads of cum out and generating several comments from the guys. Tyler broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, "Darryl's lining up to fuck you now. He's the black guy I was sucking and is un-fucking real.
And then I felt another cock against my ass and as he began to enter me, I could tell this cock was significantly larger than the others. It felt like one of my larger dildos, but in my already fucked and cum-lubed state, my ass took him without protest. That said, I couldn't help but let out a groan of pleasure as his shaft slid deep into my ass.
His strokes were long and powerful and Tyler bit his lower lip as he watched, knowing exactly what I was feeling. "He feels so fucking good, doesn't he," Tyler said with a wicked smile. I nodded my agreement as I began my own rocking motion to compliments Darry's thrusts.
I slowly looked around the room. The older naked guy was watching the scene, still pumping his own cock up and down. The two guys that had already fucked me and cum were still naked, their hands caressing their softened cocks. The one guy that was still hard and had yet to join in was just stepping up to Tyler who leaned in and began sucking him.
Darryl was a master at fucking. His strokes were steady and deep and even though I had already cum in Tyler's mouth, my body was buzzing from being fucked by his rock hard, 9 inches. I also had the added bonus of watching as Tyler got onto all fours and now took his first cock of the session, his ass easily taking the guy's 6 inches.
I slid to my elbows, the pounding becoming more intense as Darryl picked up speed and his thrust grew more forceful. I watched the guy fucking Tyler cum, then all eyes were on me, taking 9 glorious inches of rock hard, black cock that was preparing to dump his load deep inside me.
Just as that thought crossed my mind he did, slamming into me as he released stream after stream of cum deep inside me, shooting his load into my colon as he groaned with satisfaction. Finishing he pulled out and I felt my ass once again contract, his thick cum pushing out my ass and down onto the lounger. I turned and saw Tyler kneeling in front of him, licking his shaft clean.
I let my body collapse flat onto the lounger, spent from taking three cocks and three loads. Slowly, I rolled over, careful to avoid the puddle of cum between my legs and raised up on my elbows. I smiled as I looked around the room.
"You enjoy that," the first guy who fucked me asked.
"I loved it! You all were amazing."
"Well, your ass is pretty fucking amazing. Hope you decide to come back."
I smiled. "I definitely plan to."
Five minutes later, I was dressed and walking out with Tyler. I followed him to his place, which was basic, but clean and only about five minutes from my own. We shared a bottle of wine and he gave me the skinny on the local area. He said he had only met a couple of other gay guys our age in the area. They were roommates and pretty much kept to themselves. The town was definitely conservative and homophobic, but as long as there wasn't any public display of affection, no one made a fuss.
He said that two of guys who had fucked me were actually married, but weren't getting any at home and liked the freedom to come down to the theater and get off. I reminded me how important it was to be discrete and I assured him I understood.
A couple months later, Tyler's lease expired and he moved in with me. I got the apartment complex to let me move to a two-bedroom unit, so we had plenty of space and nothing looked inappropriate. We never hosted anyone at our place to prevent any gossip.
We became lovers and boyfriends, although we were never exclusive and readily admitted to each other how much we enjoyed being total cock sluts. We slept together and regularly fucked each other, but were otherwise total bottoms.
It turned out that Tyler knew Bob and had been over to his place a couple of times. We never understood why, but Bob and a couple of the guys who frequented the adult theater didn't get alone, which is why we never saw him there.
There's an endless stream of sexual encounters I could write about during the two years I lived there before getting transferred, but it would mostly be more of the same...mostly. Teri changed everything though. You actually met Teri during the early part of this story. She was Rhonda's roommate. While it was pretty obvious how open she was about her body, I had no idea just how far her carnal desires actually went. I'm already looking forward to sharing it with you. Soon. Thanks for reading.