If you haven't read the previous chapters, you don't need to do it now, there is no sequence in these memories, they will go back and forth and can be read independently from each other.
Although we broke up back in 2015, I still cherish some good memories from Jessica, my ex, 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat" natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)! Those memories are good specially because I had a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
This story is based on true facts but I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination...
____
Since Summer of 2000 that we have been going to the beach together and since Winter of 1999, a little after we have started going steady, that Jessica knows my dream of having her going topless on the beach and that's what I have been trying to work on her to achieve. She was shy and not confident at all on her body, so it took me years to develop on her that level of confidence that a woman needs to shed her bikini top off on a public beach.
Back that day in 2006 we went to the beach of Amorosa, in Viana do Castelo, and took Jessica sister Chris and also her mother and one of her anties. That year we did that a lot of the beach weekends but most of them with her mother and also her aunty, which was a pain in the ass, as I wanted to have some quality time with Jessica and not with her full family...
Lately I have been feeling I am close to get my dream of having Jessica going topless closer than ever before, we have been talking a lot and even Chris is somehow helping telling her stories when she went topless before. But having her mom and aunt there will not help, they are too conservative to allow Jess to go topless just like that - and I'm sure Jess will not go topless with them there (Chris may get away with that if she wanted, she is the "crazy" in the family, a younger version of aunt C, mother of Jenny).
It was an eventful day so far when, a little before lunch, both their mom and aunt announced that they will go for their usual morning beach stroll of about 1 hour long, and off they go, leaving us, youngsters, alone in our spot.
As soon as they are far enough from us, Chris gets up and changed her position to other side of windscreen, exposed to the dominant cold winds but protected from my point of view and, different from usual, she leaves her head ahead of the windscreen where she could talk and be seen, only hiding from her neck below. Immediately I can see that she is fumbling with her back and seconds later she exhibit her bikini top and asks Jessica: "You're not going topless? Mom and aunty will be away from 1 hour, I need to work on my tan, you should do it too, you are getting some deep tan lines there..."
My dick was jumping to attention with the bold statement from Chris, helping me pushing Jess to do the same. "Yes, baby, now it's a good opportunity for it! I can keep watching and tell you in advance when they are returning so you can cover..." I added in a confident and excited voice, so close to have Jessica going topless for the first time.
Jess was nervous and looking around, there was some people nearby us, maybe less than 10 meters - when we came with her mother we usually didn't adventure so far north of the beach and always stayed closer to the family part of the beach, more crowded. She then pushes her bikini top a little to the side of her left boobie and can clearly see the tan line from the bikini triangle covering the white boobie.
"See? You really need to work on that, it's not pretty that mark..." I tell her.
"Well, maybe I can try a little" she says with shyness and getting red all over the face. And starts to untie the neck knot of the bikini, while my eyes get bigger anticipating the moment...
And then finally, very slowly, she lowers the bikini top until her nipples show up and finally the full boobies are on view. Though she didn't remove it, just roll it down to the middle of the belly, that was a moment I have been waiting for a few years already, oh happy day!
Her sister has her eyes closed, but a guy in a nearby towel, alone, sees her and have a broadly smiling. But not more than me, for sure. I managed for her to agree posing for some photos, that moment needs to be immortalized!
Amazingly, Jess actually stays like that for about half hour, then she gets nervous that her mom and aunt may return and ends up covering herself. Chris, still facing up (though the head was all I could see from her) looked like sleeping. Jessica, after wearing the bikini top, calls for her: "Chris, Chris!" she yells, "You better cover yourself before mom and aunty returns."
Mumbling some protests, I can see Chris reaching her bikini top and after some movements, she emerges from the back of the windshield, fully dressed.
About 10 minutes later, her mother returns with her aunty and for a few hours all I could do is to check the camera every now and then and pray for them to leave us alone again for another walk. Which didn't happen until it's about 4:30pm, when they ask us if any of us want to go for another long walk.
As we all reject to go along, they depart and just a few minutes later I start untying Jessica's bikini top while she was laying down on her belly, without any protests. Once finished on her back, I also untie the neck. "Why don't you go topless again a little more, baby? You still need a lot of time..." I tell her.
"Aw, I don't know... I feel embarrassed..." she replies, and looking around she adds "That guy over there on my right is already checking me!"
I take a glimpse and check him, it's the same guy from the morning. "He already seen you this morning, Jess, so why bother... come on, you can do it, and I will be the proudest guy in this beach!" I reassure her.
"Chris..." she calls, "you're going topless?" she asks her sister, as she was sleeping and unaware of what was going on.
"Wow! You want to go for it all the way, little sis?" Chris opening her mouth not believing what she is hearing, Ï can't believe it!"
"Chris, she already went in the morning, nothing new here!" I tell her.
As Jess gets reddish, Chris picks her things and goes to the back of the windshield again (damn!) and a few seconds later she is showing us her top again: "There you go! Your turn!" she says.
And slowly, like if the world was running out of battery and getting motionless, Jessica starts rolling for the first is really going topless, her top is laying down under back, on the towel, while her boobies are facing up, defying the laws of gravity standing still and pointing up, perky and rock hard nipples.
Her sister screams "Yeah! Go go go!" and my dick, under my shorts, gets immediately hard with this new attitude of my ex, long time wished for me to happen!
They both stayed topless for about 30 minutes when I saw the mom and uncle, still farway, returning and warn them.
Jessica urgently puts her bikini top on again, flushed with the hurry. I couldn't help to let go a sly smile with that, so sly as the guy on our right that could clearly see my ex two times going topless that day (though, just like me, he couldn't see Chris too, obstructed by the windshield).
But Chris, on the other hand, just rolled to her belly and stayed with her bikini top untied when they arrived.
"Chris, you dirty girl, where the hell you think you are exposing yourself like that?" immediately shouts the mother.
"Mom, shush, quiet! I am just make my back tan even!" she says.
"Don't you dare roll over, I know you are crazy enough for that... why can't you be like your sister?" mom says - I wish she could see the photos from my camera that moment, while the guy on our right was laughing hard...