Chapter 1 The First Day
Bright white light illuminated several tubes containing human bodies in various stages of development. A tall scientist walked amongst his guests, his lab coat flapping out behind him like a cape. He kept his medium-length sandy blond hair tied back, but it flew as if he trained for a marathon. Screeching to a halt, he located two God-like specimens. One would join them today.
Touching the panel, the man reviewed their health statistics and nodded, satisfied. "I think we're finally ready to start, my pretties," he cooed, touching the soon-to-be earthlings fondly. "I'll call you Adam," he pointed to a monster of a man still hibernating in his tube and then to the purple warrior princess beside him. "And you, my queen, will be known as Eve. At least until you two pick names for yourself!"
With the touch of a few buttons, Eve's tanked emitted a strange gulping noise as the fluid sustaining her began to drain. Her eyelids shot open with the disruption to reveal amber cat-like orbs. Delicately, he pets the glass as he marveled at her perfection. "Welcome to the world of tomorrow!" His theatrical voice cracked as he started laughing a bit. "Sorry, I couldn't help myself."
Regaining his self-control, he picked up his tablet to take notes on her muscle development, but he couldn't concentrate. The smooth curvature of her ass kept him preoccupied until his eyes ventured north.Wow, they sure gave her everything! Where did they get the human DNA?As the scientists' questions kept him thinking instead of staring, amber eyes assessed him with cold detachment.
As the fluid receded, the amethyst hue of her skin began to shine. Watching the brand new woman before him, he couldn't help but stare for a few seconds too long. Suddenly a gurgling sound broke his trance, and he blushed. "Just another minute, and you'll be out! I can't wait to do your welcome tour!"
Eve turned her head to the side and raised a finger petting air.
The scientist smiled with genuine delight. "Yes, that's right, we start with mimicking behavior!" His grin spread ear to ear as he pulled the release valve. Her amber orbs never left him as he worked. He could feel the intensity of her gaze even though she had barely woken up.
A hissing noise accompanied the glass's movement as he reached forward and unfastened the raven-haired Eve's restraints. As each one fell, Eve would slump and then adjust herself. Giddy with excitement, he waited impatiently. He gave her time but at a high cost to his patience. "I'm going to lift you down. Please don't kill me."I can't believe they trusted me with such an important task!

Eve did nothing as she let the strange man help her to the floor. Unsteadily she stood by herself a moment and then fell as if limbless into his ready arms.
"Let's try that again." As he hefted her into a standing position, her hand grazed his midsection. Her body jumped in astonishment as she touched his clothing. Mimicking a smile of his, she ventured lower, growing more confident as she explored.
"Eve, honey, that's not clothing." He stiffened at her touch and tried to redirect her attention for the sake of science.Bedding an alien is on my bucket list, but it doesn't feel right when she doesn't know any better.
Ignoring his protests, she stroked him through his pants and gasped when he twitched.
"Cum, wait, no! Come now, Eve, let's get you cleaned up and comfortable." Receiving no answer, he took her hands and put them back on his chest.There, that should keep me out of the danger zone.
She curled her fingers and began lightly pinching his chest to remove the fabric.
Ah!"Let's start with a few social graces," he nearly yelped with her determined groping. "I'm Wyatt," he pointed to himself with one hand and laced the other around her for support.
Eve briefly paused her investigation of his body to acknowledge his introduction. "W--yyatt." His broad smile made a tingling sensation run down her body and settle in her lap.
They often stumbled as they walked, but they soon made it to her living quarters, where modern furniture and a queen-sized bed came into view.
Gently, he put her on the bed and walked through one of the far side doors. When he returned, he helped her into a giant fluffy robe. "You'll feel warmer with a little clothing." Shaking his head, he laughed at himself. "I dressed you in a spotless robe even though you need a bath. I might have been the worst person to pick for this job, but I promise I'll do my best for you."
She let him guide her limbs into place as she began to grasp basic movements. As he talked, she watched his lips, fascinated by them, she inched closer.
She's learning so fast! Then again, this is our first contact, so should I be that surprised?Wyatt's thoughts came to an abrupt halt as she hovered so near. Suddenly her fingers rose to trace his mouth. "Yes, lips. They serve many purposes, but you'll learn all about that shortly." To deter her wandering limbs, he fit his fingers through hers and held them.
"Lips!" Eva shouted and turned her head as he did too. Their mouths met. She froze, and he withdrew nervously.
Clearing his throat, he fought to maintain an air of professionality. "Our lips meeting is a kiss. It's kind of a personal connection to another person. Once you understand our language a bit more, I won't have to mansplain so much."
Her facial features morphed in confusion. "Kiss." Closing the gap between them, she pressed herself against him. She liked the feeling, but her body seemed to crave something more. Her breathing started to grow heavier as she dared to kiss him again -- this time with a drive compelling her.
For a long blissful minute, Wyatt forgot himself and cupped her face. When she let out a moan, he jumped back, surprising them both. Chuckling nervously, he stood and turned around to compose himself.
Eve found her legs and stood with barely a wobble. She took one experimental step, then another. Once within reach, Eve grabbed onto his lab coat to encourage him to turn around, and he did. Wordlessly, she brought her arms to his chest, leaning against him for support. "Wyatt."
"I know you're new here, but I shouldn't have done that. I'm here for your support. Whatever you need, I will get it for you." Blushing, he tried to lead her toward the bathroom, but she let out this pitiful little cry. His heart broke into tiny pieces at the sound. "What's wrong lovely?"
"Kiss," she grumbled and tilted her face up to his expectantly.
He let out a nervous sigh and kissed her on the forehead. "Let's get you processed, and then, I'll explain things better." Softly, he urged her forward a step but kept a calming arm around her midriff. This time she went somewhat willingly.
Following Wyatt into the bathroom, she stopped for a moment when her foot hit the cold tile floor. She looked at her teacher for guidance, unsure of what she should do next.
"It's alright it's only a little cold. I'll run the water for you so we can test the temperature. This way, it isn't as scary," he smiled at her with nothing but adoration. "Here, I'll take my shoes off so you can see it's safe." Taking his arm from her waist, he quickly took off his shoes and socks. "I apologize if they stink. I'm due for a shower too, but I'll take my turn after you're all settled."
Eva gave him that same puzzled look and saw firsthand the floor would not harm her. As she followed one hesitant step at a time, she made it to the rug and slipped.
Catching her, she wrapped her arms around him in terror. "I've got you. Take a slow deep breath in for five seconds and exhale for five seconds." He demonstrated.For one so young, she's catching on at lightspeed!
She grinned, but it didn't quite work since no emotion had caused the expression.
Fondly, he tucked a group of stray hair behind her ear. "You're going to love this next part. I promise." Putting the toilet seat down, he eased her into a sitting position and began running the tub.I hope the higher-ups are right that she'll respond better to this than a shower.

After a minute or so, he guided her hand into the water, and she recoiled. "Too hot or too new?" He studied her face but saw no indication of her feelings. Lifting a brow, he decided to take a different approach and examined her finger.No redness, good.
With a few more tries, they managed to get the heat just right. As the tub filled, Wyatt added a lavender bath bomb for extra ambiance. He noticed Eve lean forward to smell the bubbly mixture and waver out of the corner of his eye. Taking a sharp breath, Wyatt waited to see if she could right herself. When she did, he couldn't be prouder.