Chapter 4 The Swingers Club
Nora was extremely nervous. Her hands were sweating. There were butterflies in her stomach. She was trying to work up the courage to have a frank girl-to-girl talk with Aiko about swinging. Finally, she took a deep breath and dialled Aiko's phone number.
"Can I come over and talk, just you and me?" she asked.
"Of course," Aiko replied. "Gerald just took the car to the garage to get it fixed. He'll be busy for a while. So how about now?"
"Good," she agreed, "I'll be right there."
She walked over to Aiko's house. Aiko was already waiting for her at the door. She let her friend in.
"Would you like something to drink?" she asked.
"Sure."
"Anything in particular?"
"No, whatever is easiest for you."
How about some tea? I've got some steeping already."
"Okay."
Aiko went to the kitchen to fetch the teapot, and then returned.
"Let's sit in the living room," she said as she put the teapot on the coffee table. "Just give me a second."
She pulled out two teacups and saucers from the display case and set them on the table as well. Aiko and Nora sat at the two ends of the sofa. They turned at an angle to face each other.
"Okay, I'm all-ears," Aiko told Nora. "What's up?"
"Ryan and I talked about you and your lifestyle," she began. She blushed. She was obviously very nervous. "We," her mouth went suddenly dry, "think we might want to look into it more, maybe even try it."
"Try what?" Aiko asked. She wanted Nora to be explicit. She saw it as a necessary step to put everything out into the open.
"To try swinging," she stuttered nervously, "maybe with you guys?"
Aiko moved closer to sit beside her. She took her hand. "Don't be so nervous," she urged. "The one thing I can promise you is that nothing will be done against your will. It is an absolute rule to us that no means no. We don't make people do what they don't want to do."
Nora looked relieved and became more relaxed, knowing the road that they were about to take had an exit ramp should they change their minds.
"We've already explained most of the things you need to know when we told you about our lifestyle. We belong to a local group with three other couples. We are also in contact with a swingers' group in Buffalo but distance and our otherwise busy lives mean that we see them very rarely," Aiko summarized. "So, what are your questions?" she asked.
"I'm conflicted," she replied. "On the one hand, it's scary. It goes against the grain of what is supposed to happen in a marriage." She hesitated. "On the other hand, the thought of having sex with some other guy is a turn-on because it's taboo, and different, and exciting."
"What does Ryan think?" probed Aiko.
"I think he has the same feelings."
It seems to me," Aiko suggested, "that you two want to dip your toes in the water before you jump in. Is that a fair way of putting it?"
"Yes, actually, it's a very good way of putting it," she agreed.
"Hmm," Aiko said. She was silent for a few moments thinking about how to overcome Nora's conundrum. Then she lit up. "I have an idea."
"What?" Nora queried.
"When we talked to you and Ryan, we told you that our first real swinging experience was on board a cruise ship. But we forgot to mention that we actually went to a swingers' club first before we went on that cruise. There was so much to tell you about swinging that we forgot to mention that particular episode."
"A swingers' club," Nora said. "That sounds like jumping into the water feet first," cried her friend.
"No, it wasn't like that Nora," Aiko countered. "When we went, we agreed ahead of time to stick together and not commit ourselves to anything."
"What happened? Did you have sex with someone?" Nora asked not giving Aiko a chance to continue.
"No and yes."
"You're not making sense Aiko."
Aiko laughed. "Just let me explain. All will become clear," she assured.
"Sorry," Nora apologized.
"Before we went, we agreed to watch and observe and even allow physical contact but there would be no sex. We decided to wear yellow wristbands, which, according to club rules, was supposed to convey to all those present that groping and touching was allowed, we were in a sex club after all, but we not ready to participate in more intimate sexual activities."
Aiko laughed and then continued. "We were actually relatively bod for first-timers. We could have worn red wristbands, which was a signal to everyone else that we were just looking and nothing more, no groping, no touching. After a while, this guy approached me and asked me to dance with him."
"Oh, wow, Aiko, you really did that? I'd be too nervous to go even that far."
Although the two women were alone in the house, Aiko lowered her voice and whispered to make sure that only Nora could hear what she was about to say.
"I let him take my hand. He led me to the dance floor. The DJ was playing slow, sexy music. Other couples were on the floor, taking liberties with each other's bodies that be frowned upon in most dance venues. Within seconds after we began dancing, his hands were roaming all over me. His prick got really hard. He wasn't shy about pressing it against me. I was okay with all of that. To be honest he made me hot. It was exciting to have a stranger's hands probing parts of my body that only Gerald has touched since our marriage. But he wanted to take me to one of rooms to have sex with him even though I wore a yellow band.
"If you wanted sex what colour should it have been?" Nora asked curious to know."
"Green indicated that you came for sex although it had to be by mutual agreement. So even if a man with a green wrist band is dancing with woman with a green wrist band, it does not, "Aiko emphasized the word 'not' automatically mean that they will have sex with each other. Mutual consent is essential."
"Then what happened?" she asked wanting Aiko to continue her story.
"I was really nervous, and then he got aggressive on me. He ignored my yellow band and wanted to take me to a room and have sex with me. He scared me and put me off. I told him no. He seemed not to hear my refusal. At the time, I thought he had already broken two rules, asking for sex from a person wearing a yellow wristband and not taking no as an answer. Fortunately, Gerald was keeping an eye on me the whole time. He could tell I was having a problem with this guy and intervened."
"Did you report him?" Nora asked.
"We thought about it at the time. But I also thought that I may have over-reacted too or misunderstood. To tell you the truth I was both very nervous and turned on. In other words, I may have sent him some mixed signals which he misinterpreted. He wasn't really in danger. In a swingers' club it's almost impossible to force someone to do something they don't want to do. To his credit, this guy seemed to have realized that he had made a miscalculation. He apologized profusely."
"Surely, he must have seen your yellow wristband," Nora objected.
"Yeah, I thought about it," Aiko conceded. "It was not impossible that he was so focussed on me that he forgot to check the colour of my wristband. At after his very profuse apology, I decided to let it go."
"So that answers the 'no' part of your 'no and yes' answer," Nora said. "What's the 'yes' part?"
Aiko laughed. "The intensity of his attraction to me turned me on. Gerald and I went home and had great sex together." Lowering her voice, she added, "I pretended Gerald was Stan, that was the guy's name, and he pretended I was Linda who was Stan's wife.
Nora blushed.
"Why are you blushing?" Aiko asked surprised by her reaction.
Nora broke eye contact and toward the ground. "After you told us about your swinging lifestyle the other day, Ryan pretended I was you and I pretended he was Gerald."
Aiko laughed. "Role-playing can be fun once in a while. We're flattered that we were able to participate in your fantasy."
Nora giggled. "Yes, it can be. Now, what's your idea?" Nora then asked.
"We never went back to that club because we subsequently found our swinging friends on a cruise. We've never had a reason to return to the swingers' club.
Aiko paused for a few moments, "You know," she continued, "I think it might be a good idea for the four of us to pay a visit to that swingers' club. It'll be fun. You don't have to do anything if you don't want to do. It's okay to just watch."
Aiko laughed. "Gerald and I will be your body guards."
"That's not a bad idea, Aiko," Nora replied. "I'll ask Ryan."
"One more thing," Aiko added, "If you decide to go, dress sexy. Don't wear a bra. No doubt you'll get some male attention. Those tits of yours will make men drool. Even if you do nothing else, you'd find out soon enough that men will consider you to be a desirable woman. And that's a turn-on too." She winked.
* * *
Two weeks later, the two couples entered the hall, which 'The Bat in the Box' swingers' club had rented for the event. Because it was in an industrial district, and on a Saturday night, the businesses in the district were closed. The owners of the hall were therefore more than happy to rent out their premises. Its location also allayed Nora and Ryan's fears that people they knew might see them go into a swingers' club. To outsiders, it was advertised as a private function.
As they entered, Nora chose a red wristband, giving Ryan no choice but to follow suit. He wanted to start with a yellow wristband, just like Aiko and done on their first time to this club, but he knew that he had to let his wife set the pace for their introduction to swinging.
Aiko and Gerald, however, chose green. Both Nora and Ryan realized that they might be in for a very interesting evening. As their friends had told them, green meant that they were ready to 'go all the way' in the event that they found a person or persons to their sexual liking.
"You can always change to yellow or even green at any time," Aiko reminded Nora. "Remember, even with a green wristband, you always have the right to say no. But as long as you wear red wristbands, nobody will bother you."
The two couples took a table together. Aiko and Gerald had decided to stay with their friends, at least for a little while. They wanted to ensure that their friends were reasonably comfortable before they left them alone. They ordered drinks while they waited to see what would subsequently happen. They noticed that about 30 couples were present. Dancing and groping were already in progress.
Nora and Ryan were awed by the spectacle of people touching each other intimately without embarrassment or recrimination. They saw couples switch partners and kiss their new partners lasciviously. Men groped women's tits and asses. In many cases, the women helped them by removing their blouses and bras. Most women wore short skirts allowing their partners to slide their hands up their thighs to their vulvas. The men's hand movements clearly showed that the men were attempting to excite their partners from below. In some cases, when a man lifted a skirt, Nora and Ryan noticed that some women wore no panties.
Nora's pussy watered at the thought of wearing no panties, and allowing Gerald, or some other unknown man, put his hand on her naked most intimate parts. She looked at her husband. His eyes were focused on the petting going on the dance floor. He already had an erection. Clearly, he was turned on too.
By this time, Nora had noticed that the women were not shy either. Some placed their hands on the bulges in the men's pants. Other were even bolder, undoing zippers and pulling out cocks, which they then stroked. Gradually the dancers shed their clothes. Although the music continued, the dancing gradually gave way to open sexual activity. In some cases, groping and touching had given way to stroking and even licking. Some men were licking between the women's slowly spreading legs. Some women were licking cocks like lollipops.
Aiko and Gerald smiled at each other as they watched their neighbours take in what was taking place in front of their eyes. Nothing needed to be said. The club's sexually charged atmosphere was having the desired effect on their friends' libidos. Aiko and Gerald alternated between watching the couples playing with each other on the dance floor and those who were just arriving, looking for the right kind of couple to play with.
For a while, all the arriving couples were strangers. Then a familiar-looking couple arrived. Then it dawned on Gerald who they were.
Gerald poked Aiko lightly with his elbow to get her attention. "You see that couple over there," Gerald said flicking his head toward the front door. "Isn't that... Yes, it's that guy who came on to you when we came here the first time. The woman beside him is his wife."
"His name is Stan," she said, remembering.
"And his wife's name is Linda," he added. "It's them all right."
Aiko turned to Nora. "You see that guy over there?" she addressed Nora pointing at the couple Gerald had just been referring to, "the one with the paunch, black hair with silver streaks through it accompanied by the big curvy woman beside him?"
Nora looked at that the couple. They appeared to be in their fifties. "Yes."
"He's the guy I told you about."
"That's Stan?" Nora asked.
"Yeah."
"Are you still pissed at him Aiko?" Gerald wondered.
"No, not really," she replied. "This time, I'll know how to handle the situation if it happens again. I'm not nervous this time. I won't be so touchy."
"But you can be touchy-feely, right?" Gerald said.
Aiko groaned but smiled. "Please, for once, spare me your corny jokes."
"Well, why not get the ball rolling?" Gerald suggested. "Ask him to dance with you. Get his balls rolling while you're at it."
Ryan burst out with a laugh. Nora giggled.
Aiko turned to Nora and rolled her eyes. "He's impossible My husband is such a moron."
"I dare you," Gerald challenged his wife. "I'm sure he'll remember you. You're too beautiful and exotic to be forgotten."
"You're sweet and I'll take you up on your dare," Aiko answered. "You two sit tight. Watch and learn," she said addressing Nora and Ryan.
Aiko crossed the floor. Gerald saw her ask him something. The expression on his face showed that he had just realized who he was talking to. He cast a nervous glance toward Gerald. He seemed hesitant.
Gerald decided he needed to intervene. "I'm going to leave you guys alone for a few moments. Stay here. You'll be safe. Okay?"
The couple nodded their agreement.
Gerald stood up and crossed the floor to join his wife.
"It's nice to meet you again," Gerald said shaking Stan's hand. "Nice to see you too again," he added addressing Linda.
"I don't think he wants to dance with me, Gerald," Aiko pouted, "although the way he looks at me tells me something different."
"It's okay, Stan. Dance with her. In fact, I told her to ask you."
The relief was obvious on his face. He relaxed. "Are you sure?" Stan asked Aiko.
"Yes, I'm sure," Aiko told him. "Come on. Dance with me." She grabbed Stan's hand and pulled him to the dance floor.
"Take a seat," Linda offered. "It's been a while since you two were last here."
Gerald laughed. "We've been busy. We got involved in a local swinging group. Since, then, we've been too busy to go to ant swingers' club, let alone this one... Until now, that is."
"How disappointing," Linda replied sincerely. Addressing to Aiko, she said, "I'm sorry my husband turned you off so much. My husband can be an oaf sometimes but he's never forced a woman to do anything she doesn't want to do. He's actually a very decent considerate man."
"I'm glad to hear it," she replied. "I meant what I said. We've been too busy to come back."
"So, what brings you here at last?" Linda asked.
"You see that couple over there?" Gerald nodded toward Nora and Ryan.
"The cute blonde with the handsome husband?"
"Yes, they're with us. They've asked us about swinging and they're interested in exploring the lifestyle. This is their first time here. We brought them here so that they could see what it's really about without actually participating. Then they can decide whether or not the lifestyle is for them. So, they are very nervous."
While Gerald was talking to Linda, Nora and Ryan's attention were focussed on Aiko who was now on the dance floor with Stan. Stan's lust for her was obvious but this time she was clearly more receptive to his advances.
Aiko was determined to be her sexiest best with him while putting on a show for their spouses and their friends. She pasted herself against Stan. Clearly Stan's cock had already begun to harden even before their bodies made actual physical contact. She put her head down on his chest and wrapped her arms around his shoulder, leaving no doubt in Stan's mind that she was encouraging him to keep going. His rod throbbed with anticipation.
Back at Linda's table, Gerald and Linda continued their conversation while watching their spouses making out like teenagers on the dance floor.
"I remember you and your wife. I remember you skipped the red wristbands in favour of the yellow ones, which meant touching was allowed but no sex. Stan was really disappointed about that. I think he has a fetish for Asian women. Your wife is not just Asian, she's also very beautiful and very sexy too. That's why Stan got a little carried away."
"I surmised as much," Gerald replied. "If I may ask, has Stan ever had sex with an Asian woman?"
"That's the funny part. We've been swingers for years, but Stan has never had the opportunity to realize that particular fantasy. Aiko was the first and only chance he ever had and he blew it because of his momentary aggressiveness."
"His chances are much more realistic this time," Gerald stated.
"Really?"
"Yes, we are experienced swingers now. Although Aiko is not normally an exhibitionist, I suspect that she wants to put on a show for our friends' benefit. Do you mind?"
Linda laughed. "I think my husband will be the main beneficiary, and no, I don't mind, and he certainly doesn't mind, anything for a chance to bed your sweet Asian wife.
She suddenly changed the subject. "You do know this is an on-premises event, don't you?" she added. "He'll go all the way if your wife allows it."
"I do," Gerald replied. "That's why we chose this particular night rather than a night where the sex has to be taken place off-premises. We want to stimulate our friends' libidos as much as we can."
"Have you two had sex with them yet?" Linda asked.
"No," Gerald replied, "but that's our goal. It has taken us a long while to get them to this point."
While Linda and Gerald were chatting, Aiko and Stan continued dancing in a tight embrace. To encourage Stan, Aiko kissed him and let her tongue slip into his mouth. He kissed her back ardently. She felt feel his cock harden to its full extent.
Aiko suddenly stepped back and started unbuttoning the front of her blouse. She looked toward Nora and Gerald to make sure they were still watching her. They were. She removed her blouse revealing that that she wore no bra. When she finished undoing her buttons, the blouse hung open, partially exposing her breasts to her dancing partner and prospective lover.
Gerald thought that this was a good time to check on Nora and Ryan. "I'll be right back Linda," Gerald told Linda. "Just give me a minute to check on our friends."
"Sure," she agreed.
Gerald walked back to their table. "We're going to be busy," he advised. "If you really want to know if swapping spouses is what you'd really like to do, then watch Aiko and Stan or anyone else you might care to watch. I'm going to keep company with that lady I was just talking to," he said winking at them.
He returned to Linda's table. Four pairs of eyes focussed on Aiko and Stan.
"Do you like what you see so far?" Aiko teased Stan.
"Oh yes," he panted." He was almost drooling.
"Please play with them," she told Stan.
Stan glanced toward Gerald, a sign of his residual nervousness about making advances on Aiko while her watchful husband was present."
Gerald nodded his approval.
"Go ahead," she said. "Play with them, please."
Stan parted her blouse to fully expose both feminine mounds. Seeing the hunger in his eyes, she asked, "Please suck them," she said loudly enough for their spouses and her friends to hear. "My husband wants you to suck on them. Our friends want to see you do it. I want you to suck on them. Make me feel good," she said with a tone of increasing lust in her voice.
That invitation was impossible for Stan to turn down. He took a breast and sucked on it. The nipple hardened in his mouth. Aiko's response encouraged Stan to continue. He switched to the other nipple. He switched back and forth between them as if he could not get enough of either of them. Sometimes he tried to suck an entire breast in his mouth even though they were too large for that. Other times he concentrated on stimulating her hard nipples, almost wishing he could extract milk from them.
'He's very skilful,' Aiko thought. She moaned holding Stan's head to her breast as if trying to feed him. She even pushed her tit into his mouth to encourage him to suck harder.
The sight of Aiko allowing this stranger to feast on her breasts transfixed and excited both Nora and Ryan. Nora felt her own nipples start to harden in empathy with Aiko. She wished someone was sucking on her full fleshy mounds too. Ryan's cock stiffened. He imagined what it must be like to have his mouth on her mango-shaped female fruits.
Meanwhile, Linda and Gerald watched their spouses in the dance become increasingly worked up. Of course, they weren't the only ones.
After several minutes, Gerald finally noticed that there were mattresses spread out in various locations around the room. Couples having sex already occupied some of them. Nora and Ryan had noticed the activity on the mattresses as well, but they were still focussed on Aiko and the man who would be her lover.
Stan paid no attention to the four sets of eyes focussed again on him and Aiko. He had one objective, and one objective only. He wanted to see and feel more of Aiko, and if all went well, plunge into her hot, wet depths with his aching phallus. He was about to urge her to accompany him to an available mattress when he suddenly stopped, seeming to change his mind.
"I don't think he wants to make the same mistake again by pushing too hard," Linda told Gerald.
"Good, let them get worked up even more. It will make their release even better and more delicious."
Linda laughed. "You're cruel."
Whatever doubts Stan may have had seemed to vanish after a quick glance to Gerald and Linda. Seeing no objections from either of them, he led a willing Aiko to a mattress. Stan indicated to Aiko to get down on her knees. She kicked off her shoes and complied. He did likewise, facing her. Stan started to knead her breasts for a few more moments. Then he let his hands explore other parts of her body. He allowed his arms to wander down and around every curve of her exposed upper body. When he slipped his fingers under the waistband of her skirt, he discovered that she wore no panties.
"Oh god," he thought, 'my dream is about to come true.'
"Take them off," Aiko urged.
Stan undid the waistband to Aiko's skirt and pulled them down to her knees. Aiko lifted one knee and then the other so that he could to remove the skirt all the way down her legs. He then tossed it to the side. She was now completely nude. She resumed her position on her knees in front of Stan.
Stan looked as if he was about to pounce on her. He was almost crazy with desire.
"Massage her butt cheeks," Gerald called out. "She likes that."
Stan obeyed willingly. With both hands, he stroked her ass lovingly. He moved closer to her until they were chest to chest. At the same time, he lowered his lips to her neck and nibbled on it. He was careful leave no marks. He savoured her clean natural scent. She wore no perfume.
Aiko enjoyed his attention and his passion. Having become a swinger, she was now much more open to intimate physical contact with other men than she was when she first entered the lifestyle. She knew how eager he was. He was making a mighty effort to keep himself under control while pleasing her. She lifted her head off his chest to look at him.
Noticing the movement, he stopped, and without thinking, began to kiss her deeply. Aiko reciprocated. She gave him as good as she got.
'Oh wow, this man is actually a really good kisser,' Aiko thought as a tingly feeling rolled through her body. 'He's making me feel so hot and wet. And to think he turned me off last time we were here!' She recognized that her attitude had evolved and that she was more receptive than she used to be.
Her hands began to explore his body but eventually they focussed on his rock-hard love muscle into her hands. She felt a growing need to have him inside her, to give him his relief in return for her own.
Gerald was not much into voyeurism but, this time, he wanted to watch for a little while first. As the foreplay between Aiko and Stan became more passionate, he looked around to find a more comfortable spot. He saw a large leather-covered armchair near the bar. Its large armrests and low plush back were perfect for what he had in mind.
He turned to Linda. "You still want to watch?"
"No, I'd rather have sex with you," she replied pointedly.
He kissed her. "Oh, don't you worry about that," he said smiling. "Trust me. I'm looking forward to it too, but I want our shy friends to watch," and added, 'if you don't mind."
Linda laughed. "No, I don't mind at all. That is what you have to expect in a night like this."
"Just give me a minute."
Gerald returned to the table where Nora and Ryan were sitting. "We're going to be occupied for a while," he said. "We're staying in this room so that you can watch us if you want. If we don't see you when we leave, we'll assume you've gone home. If you decide that swinging is not for you, let's agree to still be friends. Okay?"
They nodded in agreement. Gerald, however, was fairly certain that they were far too curious to leave.
Gerald went back to Linda. "I told them they're on their own now." He smiled. "I want the four of us to be next to each other so that they can see us. I think they'll stay and watch. She'll probably watch us while her husband watches your husband enjoy himself with my wife."
Linda nodded her agreement. She gently interrupted the couple making out on the mattress. The amorous couple on the mattress looked up to see that Gerald was standing next to her.
"Let's go over there," Gerald suggested, pointing his finger at the empty armchair.
Aiko and Stan stopped kissing and groping, picked up their clothes and followed Linda and Gerald to the designated spot.
Linda quickly told Stan what Gerald had in mind. Stan smiled the biggest smile of his life. He was more than happy to indulge Gerald's request because his reward would be the fulfilment of his long-held fantasy of having sex with a beautiful Oriental woman.
When they reached the armchair, Gerald told Aiko to sit down on the front part of the armchair and lie back. She did as he asked. Because she was so short, she was practically reclining in the armchair.
"Spread your legs," Gerald suggested. "Let Stan to see what he's been missing since the first time we were here."
As Aiko obliged them, the other three were able to see more of Aiko's smooth, creamy white thighs, which seemed to act like guiderails leading to the centre of her sexual being.
As Aiko spread her legs farther apart, her trimmed pussy came into view. Thanks to the attention Stan had already paid to her but also in anticipation of the thrills to come, her labia were clearly swollen and glistened with vaginal juices. It excited her to have three sets of eyes staring at her unabashed nakedness.
* * *
Because people were walking back and forth, occasionally blocking their view of what was going in the armchair, Nora and Ryan moved in closer to watch the two couples swing. For the first time in their lives, they saw a woman expose her genitalia in public! And this woman was their neighbour and friend! The effect on both of them was electric.
Nora felt moisture develop between her legs. She could not imagine doing something like that. Yet it thrilled her! She imagined what it must be like to be in Aiko's place. The more she thought about it the wetter she became.
Nora turned to look at her husband. His eyes seemed glued to Aiko's thighs and vulva. It was Ryan's first full-on view of her pussy. He was gently stroking his cock through his pants and looked as if he were not even aware of what he was doing.
The four experienced swingers, however, were no longer paying any attention to the two novices watching them.
Stan was in absolute awe of Aiko. Her legs were spread and her pussy now completely exposed to him. At first his mouth went dry. Then it began to water at the thought of eating her sweet pie. 'All it will needed is cream', he thought, 'my cream.'
Gerald smiled. He knew that Stan's self-control was shredding by the second. Aiko had a strong sexual aura about her and Stan was falling in to it. Even Linda's eyes glinted as she gazed at Aiko's open wantonness. It hinted at her interest in Aiko.
"You want to taste? Gerald said to Stan in invitation.
"Oh hell, yes!" Stan answered.
Stan got down on his knees between Aiko's legs. He covered her pussy with his mouth as if he were going to swallow it whole. His tongue licked the contours of her sweet centre. He lapped up her offerings, sucking, and slurping and swallowing whatever spilled from vagina. He made sounds that demonstrated to anyone who might be listening that he was enjoying his task. The avidity of the attention that he paid to her most intimate parts spoke to his eagerness and his devotion. The more he worked on Aiko the more vaginal juices she released for him to savour and swallow.
Gerald saw that his wife was enjoying Stan's oral ministrations. Although there were times when she preferred gentle, tender lovemaking, there was also times, like now, when she wanted her lover to be aggressive and enthusiastic.
Gerald stepped toward the side of the armchair to have a closer look. Aiko's eyes were closed. She was panting harder as her new lover worshipped at the fleshy gates that had brought their babies into the world.
Gerald leaned over and kissed his wife passionately. Aiko knew her husband's kissing techniques well enough to realize who was kissing her.
"I love you too, babe," he told her.
She opened her eyes, smiled and returned the kiss with equal passion. "I love you too," she whispered.
Meanwhile Stan continued his ardent exploration of Aiko's nether opening. Bolts of erotic energy shot through her body as one set of male lips offered her love while the other offered her lust.
Suddenly, Aiko's body convulsed in orgasm. She squirted into Stan's mouth. He avidly swallowed all of it.
Stan was still a little worried about Gerald. His lust-filled eyes looked at Gerald as if to ask, 'What's next?'
Gerald ignored him for the moment.
"It looks like you enjoyed yourself, Aiko" he stated.
"Oh, wow, did I ever!" she answered. "Stan is really good at cunnilingus. Your kissing me at the same time was just absolutely fantastic and pushed me over the edge."
"Do you think he deserves a reward?" Gerald asked.
"Yes, husband," she smirked, "he does."
Gerald turned to Stan. "Now's your chance to realize more of your fantasy."
Already crazed with lust, Stan took that to mean that he had their permission to mount the Asian beauty.
Stan stood up to and quickly removed his clothing. He then got down on his knees again between her widely spread legs. Suddenly he stopped as if just remembered something. He looked around. Seeing a bowl of condoms on a nearby table, Stan reached over to take one.
"No need," said almost breathlessly. "Fulfil your fantasy. Take me. I want you to cum in me."
"Go ahead," Gerald confirmed. "There's nothing she likes better than to feel the bare skin of a hard cock pressing against her pussy lips. She loves to have a man squirt his semen into her and fill her vagina. It's her thing. It's what she loves the most about sex."
Gerald's words caused Stan's cock to throb in eager anticipation of the prospect of seeding another man's wife.
"Isn't that true, Aiko?" Gerald asked his wife. "Nothing makes you hotter than the thought of a man doing his damned best to impregnate you."
Her husband had never talked to her in such direct terms before. He knew her well and knew what turned her on the most.
"It's true," she confessed.
Stan still seemed to hesitate.
"What are you waiting for? Take her, now!" Gerald exclaimed.
To Stan, it almost sounded like an order, but he was more than willing and eager to obey.
Stan dropped the condom. He knee-walked to get closer to Aiko. He grabbed Aiko by the hips. He pulled her down and toward him a little to adjust her position so that her pussy was at the same level as his cock.
He looked desperate. He was desperate.
He aligned his iron-like pulsating rod to her hot, seething pussy. He groaned loudly as his love muscle slowly slipped between her swollen labia. Her insides were so slick with the sexual juices of her orgasm that her pussy offered no resistance whatsoever to his penetration. He slipped into her slushy box in one easy stroke.
In most of his swinging experiences, Gerald paid little attention to watching his wife's performance with other men, or the men's performance with her while they satisfied their carnal lusts with, and in, his hot wife's body. He was usually too busy having sex with those very same men's wives.
But this time Gerald had a close-up view of his wife's current lover thrusting his unprotected cock into her, reaching for the womb that had gestated his children. Her pussy seemed to grasp Stan's cock. When Stan pushed his cock into her, her labia seemed to disappear. When he pulled out, her labia distended, slick with her juices and his pre-cum.
Gerald himself was not a real voyeur but he could understand why some men had a fetish for seeing other men possess their wives. He himself preferred enjoying the pleasures of another woman's flesh while some other man was pleasuring himself with Aiko.
Stan, Gerald noticed, was struggling to control himself for fear of ejaculating too quickly into her.
For Stan, mounting this attractive Asian woman was a fantasy coming true. Filling her with his cum would be ecstasy. He had great difficulty holding back. He was too worked up to maintain a slow, consistent rhythm. The throbbing in his cock begged for immediate release.
Aiko made eye contact with him. She saw the pain of conflict in his eyes. He wanted to please her but he was also desperately in need to please himself.
"Please, it's okay" she gasped. "Take me. I'm ready for you. I need to feel you fill me up. You already took care of me once. So please, take care of yourself now!"
Stan needed no further encouragement. His lust for her was too great. He had already skewered her as deeply as possible. He humped her furiously, hard and fast as he. After a few moments, groaning loudly as if her were in pain, he released an enormous load into Aiko's yearning cavity.
Aiko shuddered underneath him in orgasmic bliss shortly after Stan spurted his essence into her. She was thrust up against him wrapping her legs around him to keep him in place. Gerald guessed that she was at least still partly keyed up from the orgasm she had a few minutes ago. Stan's unrestrained eagerness to take her had soon brought back to another peak. He anticipated that the two of them would go at it again quite soon.
When their sex act was completed, Stan did not withdraw from Aiko right away. He wanted to keep his cock in her pussy relishing its feel around his cock, hoping to be ready to repeat his performance very soon. However, as his penis deflated, their combined sexual juices began to dribble out of Aiko's pussy. Realizing that she would have to clean herself off, Stan reluctantly pulled out. The dibble turned into a flood.
* * *
Gerald was so entranced by the spectacle of watching Stan enthusiastically taking his hot wife that he momentarily forgot about his own raging hard-on and the wife of the man who was pleasuring himself with Aiko. He did not even notice that Linda had removed her clothing.
Linda spoke, breaking his focus on the two horny lovers occupying the armchair. "I think we have a couple of problems to solve," she said.
He looked at her. The woman was now completely nude. "I'm sorry," he apologized. "I don't normally watch my wife have sex this intently."
Before he could muster his senses enough to ask her about what she meant by 'problems', she added, "There's cum dripping out of your wife. We should keep this place as clean as we found it."
She took some tissue paper and handed it over to AIko. Aiko captured some gobs of cum oozing out of her pussy and then tossed the soaked tissues in a nearby plastic garbage container. Several had been were scattered around the room in anticipation of the night's sexual activities.
Linda turned to Gerald. "You're the only one still wearing clothes," she complained gently. "You should take them off too."
Gerald stripped, revealing a cock standing proudly upright. He was not immune to the erotic scene that he had just witnessed.
Linda looked at Aiko again. She had not moved from the position she was in when Stan had dismounted from her. She saw that more cum was about to drip out of Aiko's pussy. Her husband had clearly left a copious amount inside his newest conquest.
"Oh my, really Stan," she remarked in a mock-chiding tone, her hands on her hips. "You shouldn't have put so much cum in her. Look. She's a mess. Poor thing, I guess I'd better help her clean her up."
This time Linda made no attempt to reach for the tissue paper.
"We're going to have to multitask," she declared.
"Multi-task?" Gerald said stupidly.
"I'm going to lick her clean. While I'm doing it, you're going to have to pay me back for allowing my husband to service your wife."
Gerald gave her a puzzled look.
"Service me," she said. "I want you to take me doggy-style and cum inside me, no condom. If my husband can ride your wife bareback, it's only fair you can ride me bareback."
Linda got down on her hands and knees started to lick up and down Aiko's slit removing whatever cum she could find. She also stuck her tongue into Aiko's pussy to ensure that no excess cum would drop out for at least a little while. Linda's lingual attention was also intended to keep Aiko hot and ready for Stan. She knew Stan well. In exceptional circumstances, and this was certainly an exceptional circumstance, he was capable of regaining an erection in a relatively short time. The chance at having sex with an Asian woman fell into that category.
While Linda was licking Aiko, Gerald positioned himself behind Linda. He stuck, first one, and then a second, finger into her vagina. Her pussy was very wet and slick. It was like a mini-swamp, hot and sticky and odorous. She was ready for him all right. Apparently, watching her husband in sexual congress with Aiko and then lapping up their shared fluids from Aiko's slit excited her.
Of course, the growing highly charged sexual atmosphere in the swingers' club, and especially seeing both Stan and Linda avidly playing with his wife, made Gerald now feel the same desperateness as Stan had earlier. He pointed his cock at Linda's hairy unshaven cleft. He had decided not to perform cunnilingus on her. He could tell that her pussy was already ready to receive her lover. Instead, he pushed his fleshy sword all the way into her deliciously receptive sheath.
Initially, Gerald pumped into her slowly. Normally he was able to control the pace of his thrusts but this time it proved to be more difficult than usual. He slowed down both to get a grip on himself and to tease the buxom woman he was pleasuring. When he thought he had better control of himself, he increased his pace a little at a time.
Linda moaned.
Gerald wasn't sure whether it was because she was enjoying eating Aiko's pussy or because his rhythmic piston-like pumping was having its desire effect on Linda. 'Probably both,' he thought. "this woman is not the least bit shy."
It was with relief when, after a few more minutes, he heard Linda's muffled gasp. "Now!"
He went in and out of her at top speed, and then blasted himself into her, jetting spurt after spurt of his cum into her welcoming sodden channel.
After waiting a few moments, Gerald disengaged himself from her. Covered in male and female juices, his cock began to shrink. Gerald grabbed a tissue, went to the washroom, and cleaned himself off. He dumped the soaked tissue into the toilet and flushed. By the time he returned, Linda had stopped licking Aiko's slit.
Gerald looked at the two women.
"No, Aiko did not cum this time," Linda explained for them both, "but she is very close." She nodded toward her husband. "Stan gets turned on when he sees me lick other women. See," she said, pointing at his erect rod. "he's hard again. All I did was keep them both warmed up for the next round."
Sure enough, the sparkle of lust was back in Stan's eyes. He moved back into position between Aiko's legs. Then he seemed to change his mind. He twisted Aiko's hips to indicate what he wanted. She obliged him. She flipped over onto her hands and knees, and then tipped her ass higher into the air so that Stan could see his target of his cock's lust more easily. He took her doggy-style, her greasy hole still slick from their last round of rutting and Linda's oral attention.
Stan took his time. He heaved into her, getting a rhythm going that he maintained for several minutes. The heat of her vaginal hole seemed to energize his cock. When his cock twitched with eager anticipation, he stopped for a few moments, then resumed. Only when he heard Aiko mewl and felt tremors reverberate through her body, did he know that she had tipped over into her orgasm. Then he pumped into her hard, joining her in their mutual ecstasy as he once more flooded her channel with hot cum.
Later that evening, Aiko and Gerald decided that it was time to go home. They looked around for Nora and Ryan but noticed that they were gone.
"Maybe it was too much for them," Aiko suggested.
"Or maybe they got so hot that they decided to go home in need of some urgent relief," Gerald countered.
"I guess we'll find out soon enough," she concluded.