Another day of record breaking heat. After a brief afternoon swim, I lounged around by the pool like I normally did, wearing my sunglasses and drinking lemonade. I suddenly heard my sister's high heeled footsteps making their way towards me.
"What are you doing tomorrow?" she asked.
Knowing her, she wanted help regarding her work. She's been that way ever since she landed an internship at the local news station, and was working like crazy to become a news anchor.
"Probably the same thing I'm doing now," I casually replied. "What else is there to do?"
"How about you be my camera man? It'll only be for a few hours."
I lifted my sunglasses and looked at her. "Camera man? Why would I do that?"
"One of the correspondents for the morning news is moving to an affiliate in Southern California. The producer thinks I'll make a good fit as a permanent replacement, but he wants a demo of me reporting to see how I do."
"So you're going to film some news stuff and you want me to hold the camera for you."
She smiled and nodded. "Yep. Obviously you'renotmy first choice. I had a professional camera man who works for the network ready to help me, but he got called for an assignment at the last minute. Since you're not doing anything, I figured I'd just ask you."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence sis," I sarcastically replied. "But why don't you just wait for the cameraman to come back? He's obviously a better choice. I don't know anything about cameras."
"Well that's the thing. The producer is looking for an immediate replacement and I'll have to get my demo to him as soon as possible. He says he really likes me for the job, but I've got to show him something first so I can be considered."
"I don't know. I mean, I'd love to help you, but I have no clue how to operate one of those big bulky cameras."
"You won't be using a professional camera," she replied. "The producer says that we can simply use a home recorder and that would be good enough."
"Don't you have anyone else? I'd probably suck at this and ruin your chance to work on tv."
She paused and gave me a reluctant look. "Well that's the thing. I've asked other people to do this for me and they've all declined."
"Really? I didn't know you were that much of a pain in the ass," I joked.
She gave me a stern look. "Very funny. I'll have you know that I amveryprofessional and well respected amongst my peers. It's just that...the filming will take place at a nudist resort. That part scared a lot of people away."
I nearly choked. "A nudist resort? Couldn't you have thought of a better place to film your demo? Try a zoo or a park or something. Jeez..."
"Yeah, me along with every other wannabe journalist," she said sarcastically. "Besides, it's not like I chose that place. With the recent heat wave going on, the producer of the morning show wanted the insight of the local nude resort because they're in the sun all day. None of the other correspondents were willing to do it, so this gives me a chance to show that I'm up for anything."
"Apparently so," I quipped. "Sounds like your boss is a real smart guy for wanting to send you to place like that. I'm sure he's got other motives, if you catch my drift."
"I'mnotgoing to get naked in the video if that's what you're implying. Only an idiot reporter would do that. I'll be fully clothed when I interview the nudist."
"This still feels kind of weird to me, Brooke. I mean, holding a video camera while you interview some naked guy might be kind of creepy."
"I'll give you $100 and you get to look at free boobs all day," she said bluntly. "How about that?"
I paused and thought for a moment. "You know, you should have just started this conversation withthatsentence about the boobs and cash. You can count me in. I'm actually starting to look forward to it."
"I thought you were more sophisticated person than that, but apparently not."
"Iama sophisticated person. But I also like boobs and cash."
She smiled, "We'll leave tomorrow at 8 am. It's a 2 hour drive and I expect you to act professionally once we get there."
"Of course I will. I'm always professional when I work."
Brooke winked at me, reached in her pocket, and handed me the $100 for being her cameraman.
***
The next day. We arrived at the nudist resort after a long drive and I had no idea what to expect, other than spending the day watching my sister interviewing naked people. I found myself becoming more and more excited by the second. What guy doesn't like seeing naked women?
Brooke's instructions to me were clear:Be quiet and let her do all the talking.
I was only there to hold a camera while she did all the professional work. I really didn't mind. Being able to spend a few hours looking at naked women was all I needed.
When we got out of the car, my jaw nearly dropped when we saw the owner of the property, a middle aged woman. Connie wascompletely nudewhen she greeted us at the main lobby. She was a curvaceous woman and her large breasts swayed when she walked. All of us shook hands and I tried my best to look away from her breasts, but I don't think she minded. Her smile was radiant and infectious, and she was like a bright ray of sunshine.
"It's nice to finally meet you," my sister said in a cordial manner, not caring about the nudity.
"The feeling is mutual," Connie smiled. "I was never a fan of phone or email, so it's wonderful for us to meet in person. I'm old fashioned and I enjoy doing things the way nature intended, hence the reason I'm a nudist."
"I can tell," my sister politely nodded. "You have a beautiful resort, ma'am. It seems like a great place to lounge and relax."
"It is. Everyone here loves it and no one wants to leave. It's the perfect place for like-minded nudists. We really got lucky finding this location."
Brooke pointed to the small video recorder I was holding. "Speaking of which, we'd love to get started doing our interviews with you and the residents here."
"Great! Follow me. I've arranged for a private bedroom for you and your camera man to get set up. It's always a wonderful opportunity whenever we have a chance to publicly cast our lifestyle in a positive light."
***
We followed Connie to the guest bedroom and she unlocked the door.
"Thanks so much," Brooke said. "Maybe we'll use the room later if we need a break from the heat. I think we're ready to shoot now."
A dumbfounded look came over Connie's face. "Excuse me... but clothes aren't allowed onto the property. I assumed that was clear based on our communications. We don't make any exceptions to that rule."
"Oh...I thought...I thought you understood that my camera man and I would be fully dressed."
"This is all my fault," Connie said with a heartfelt look. "I feel absolutely terrible about this. I should have communicated the rules better. I know you came all this way to film a news clip and I'm very sorry."
"There must be some sort of exception..."
"I'm so sorry. We can't allow clothed visitors into our environment because it would destroy the atmosphere of a hedonistic lifestyle. I know how important this is to you, and Ireallywish I could help, but theonlyway that you and your camera man can enter the nudist area is if you two get naked."
At that point, I felt horrible for my sister. She was so excited to have the opportunity to finally prove herself and fulfill her dream, and it was suddenly dashed by simple miscommunication. Her face said it all, and she looked devastated.
"We'll do it!" my sister suddenly blurted out.
A look of determination and bravery suddenly came over her.
Connie looked surprised, but in a good way.
"You have no idea how happy that makes me," she replied. "I was looking forward to you interviewing our guests, and I'm extremely glad it's going to happen."
Brooke smiled, "And I'm glad to have the opportunity."
Connie opened the room door for us with an elated look on her face. "Right this way. You and the camera man can get undressed here and I'll wait for you on the property. I'm assuming this is the first nudist experience for the both of you."
"Gosh yeah. It is. I feel scared and excited at the same time."
"That's a normal feeling. But I think you're going to enjoy the wonders of nudism by the time you're finished today. My advice would be to take a deep breath, throw off your clothes, and embrace your newfound sense of freedom."
***
My sister and I were in the guest bedroom with the door closed. It was just the two of us after Connie went back to the nudist area.
"You can't be serious about this?" I asked. "Did you even hear what she said? She expects us to be naked. Naked!"
Brooke looked at me with desperation in her eyes. "Look, this really means a lot to me. It's incredibly tough to become a news anchor and I would be absolutelycrushedif I lost my chance when I had it. I would regret it for the rest of life if I lost this rare opportunity. So please, can you do this for me?"
With a plea like that, it was hard to argue with her. Being a news anchor was her lifelong dream, and now she so close to getting hired as a news correspondent. Of all the things she did for me over the years, I had to return the favor.
"Fine," I said reluctantly.
She suddenly became excited and gave me a big suffocating hug.
"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I owe you big time. Now let's get started. I've got some ideas for how we can film this. I'll conduct the interviews from behind the camera, and we'll edit the footage later to include an introduction with me on camera, professionally dressed. No one needs to know that I was naked for this."
"Great, so which one of us gets naked first?"
Brooke suddenly came back to reality. "Damn it! This is going to be harder than I expected."
"Hey, it was your idea sis," I replied, rubbing it in.
"Look, how about I throw in an extra $100 if you get undressed first? You're always good at breaking the ice when things get awkward."
"Not this time. For all I know, once I get naked you're suddenly going to change your mind. ThenI'mthe one who's left looking like a complete asshole."
"Damn it," she groaned to herself. "Okay, if I get naked first, do you promise to be professional about it? I mean it. No teasing, no jokes, and no demeaning comments about my body. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do in my life, and I don't want you making it any harder on me. It's for the sake of my career."
"Don't worry about it. Trust me, I'm just as worried about you teasing me. We're both going to be naked and I'm sure we're equally nervous about it."
She nodded. "You're right. I'll go first. Can you at least turn around while I get undressed?"
"And stare at the wall? What's the point? We're going to see each other naked anyway."
"Why do I get the feeling that you're looking forward to this?" she asked with a sly expression on her face.
"Are you kidding?"
"Just admit it and we'll get this awkwardness out of the way."
I sighed, "Fine, you've got a great body. There, that's all you'll get out of me."
She unbuttoned her shirt and tossed it on my head.
"You perv," she joked. "I knew you were a creep."
I took her shirt off my head and threw it on the floor.
"You're breaking the rules. We're not supposed to tease each other remember?"
Brooke unbuttoned her pants. "My mistake. You're right. I'm sorry. Now here it comes."
She reached behind herself to unclasp her bra, and with little hesitation she tossed it aside and stood topless. I was a total loss for words seeing her tits for the very first time. They were average sized, but perky, with bright pink nipples which were almost glowing.
She dropped her pants and panties at the same time, and kicked them away with her feet, leaving hercompletelynaked for me to see. Even though she was my older sister, there was no denying how beautiful and stellar she looked. I had to do everything in my power to keep from gawking lewdly at her sexy nude body.
"Oh...nice..." I mumbled.
"That's it? Nice?" she asked with her hands on her bare hips. "All that healthy eating and hours spent in the gym, and that's all I get?"
"Fine. You're beautiful. Stunning. You're tailor made for television."
She nodded. "That's much better. Now it's your turn little brother. Maybe that was a poor choice of words since you're not so little anymore, but I'll be the judge of that. Now get naked."
For me it was a lot simpler. I came dressed in tshirt and shorts, and all I had to do was yank them off and I was unclothed in an instant. A part of me actually started to feel aroused being naked in front of my sister to see. I never considered myself an exhibitionist in any way, but I understood the appeal. Brooke's eyes never left my penis the moment it became exposed.
"There, now we're both naked," I said.
"Not bad," she replied, gazing at my cock.
"What are you thinking about?"
"Two things," Brooke smiled. "First off, this isn't what I had in mind when I wanted to become a news anchor. And I definitely didn't imagine this happening when I agreed to film this news clip at a nude resort. Secondly, you look good."
"Thanks. Just remember, I'm doing this for you."
She laughed, "Right, I owe you one."
"Now let's get to work. Are you nervous?"
"God, I am. Being naked around you is one thing. At least I'm comfortable around you. But being naked around total strangers is going to freak me out. My biggest fear is walking around and seeing people stare at me."
"Can you blame them?" I asked. "You're beautiful. And I thought you liked being admired? Just a minute ago you were telling me how much you worked out and ate healthy in order to look good."
She gave me her stern older sister look. "That's totally different. I stay in shape so I can look presentable on tv...with my clothes on. I never imagined having to do this naked."
"Hey, don't forget that this isyouridea."
She took a deep breath and calmed herself down. "Yeah, you're right. I'm just really nervous. We're going to walk out that door and onto the nudist resort, interview a couple of people, and then we'll get dressed and leave. If I don't have the courage to do this, then I don't deserve to be on tv. Television is way harder. So I'll just think of this as an obstacle towards my dream job."
"You've always been a tough girl," I said as encouragement. "Besides, it's not like you know any of these people. So who cares if they saw you naked?"
"Good point. But it'll be kind of weird if I'm on tv and they remember that they saw me here ass naked."
"They're nudists Brooke. They're not going to care."
She took another deep breath. "You're right. Now let's do this."
***
I held the camera as we walked out of the room together. It was scary for both of us. Being naked around each other was hard enough, but doing it in public was incredibly awkward and slightly humiliating.
We walked for several minutes on the open field before we finally saw other naked people. That's when the nerves really started kicking in. But at the same time, it was more comforting knowing that we weren't the only ones in the nude.
Connie waved at us and headed in our direction.
"Welcome to the wonderful world of nudism," Connie said with a bright smile. "Both of you look adorable."
Brooke looked down at her naked body. "Oh thanks. This is really intimidating, but you're making this so much easier for us."
"A big part of my job is to make people feel at home here, and to make them feel at ease with their bodies. I'm glad I was able to work my magic with the two of you."
She blushed, "Right. So, shall we get started with the interviews now? We'll do you first. It'll be brief, then afterwards my camera man and I will go around interviewing the other guests."
"Sounds wonderful," Connie replied. "I'm ready when you are."
My sister nodded at me, and then I turned on the camera. I only filmed Connie from her chest upwards, just above her breasts. Brooke stood next to me and waited until I was ready before she started asking her questions.
My sister suddenly switched to her professional tone of voice. "Obviously members of the nudist community are used to dealing with hot weather. So can you tell us how you're all managing to cope with this particular heat wave?"
"Sure, there's really no secret to it. Our lifestyle is more leisurely than the average person's. We spend our days relaxing in many ways; whether it's swimming, having a fruit smoothie, or simply lounging in the shade. There's a reason our resort is popular with retirees and couples looking for an affordable getaway."
"I'm sure the fact that everyone here is naked is a big part of the appeal. It must certainly help with the heat I'm assuming."
"Well that's the best part," Connie smiled. "Everyone here appreciates the nudist lifestyle and we can still find comfort in it, even with a record breaking heat wave. No one here has to worry about sitting in traffic of being stuck in an office. We're living how people were meant to live."
"Aaand that's a wrap!" Brooke said happily as I turned off the camera. "I've always wanted to say that."
Connie joyfully looked at my sister. "You were so good! I can't believe they haven't hired you already. You're a natural at this."
"Aww thanks. You're too sweet."
"I mean it. As an avid news watcher, I think you would make an amazing television anchor one day. I already like you better than most of the reporters I see on tv."
Brooke smiled, "Hopefully I'll get the chance soon. I hope these interviews today will show the news producer that I have the guts to goanywhere."
"If they have any brains, they'll hire you on the spot," she replied sincerely. "You're an incredibly talented young women and I wish you all the luck in the world. Now come here and give me a hug."
Connie walked towards my sister and they hugged each other. The combination of their nudity, beautiful bodies, and their breasts pressing tightly against each others was more than enough to send my arousal over the edge. My body couldn't fight my feelings anymore and I had an erection.
As soon as they finished their friendly hug, Connie turned to me with a look of horror when she saw my crotch.
"Um...excuse me sir, I don't mean to sound rude, but thisisn'ta swingers resort," she said with a concerned look on her face. "Displaying an erection or any sign of sexual arousal is strictly prohibited. It gives our residents the wrong impression. I hope you understand."
"Sorry about that," I replied in utter embarrassment. "It just happened."
"Don't mind him," my sister said, trying to laugh it off. "He gets that way sometimes. Don't worry, it'll be taken care of before anyone gets to see it."
"I hope so," Connie replied. "We try to maintain an orderly environment so that our guests can feel at ease here."
Brooke grabbed my arm and pulled me away. "I apologize again for my camera man. He's new at this and sometimes he forgets his manners. It'll be taken care immediately. Thanks again for the interview!"
***
She dragged me away from Connie and took me to an empty space behind a small building. We were out of sight and no one could see us, which was a good thing because my cock had become raging hard at that point.
"Holy shit, are you trying to get us kicked out of here!?" Brooke asked furiously.
"Seriously?" I replied. "You're acting as if a guy can control when he gets erections."
"Well youdidn'tget one the first time you saw either of us naked!"
"You two hugging each other and pressing your tits together is what did it for me. Guys tend to like that sort of thing if you didn't already know. Don't forget I'm already doing you a huge favor by being your camera man."
Brooke took a deep breath and calmed down. "Fine, whatever. Just deal with your erection and we'll get back to filming. I want to finish before noon while everyone is still outside."
"You'll have to wait about 10 minutes. I mean, after everything I've seen this morning, it's not going to just go away with a few quick strokes."
"Then I'll go get a pitcher of ice water and pour it on your cock. Problem solved."
"Jeez, you're out of mind Brooke. Do you realize how much that's going to hurt?"
She put her hands on her hips. "Look, all I can think about is doing these interviews as soon as possible. So if it'll speed things up, I'll just take care of that little problem for you."
"Did you just say what I think you said," I asked in disbelief.
She nodded. "I'll give you a quick hand job so we can get back to work sooner. It'll be a lot faster than you doing it alone."
My cock suddenly became even harder at the thought of my sexy older sister stroking me. Never in my life would I have thought this would happen, but of course, I couldn't let her know how enthusiastic I was about it.
"Uh...sure. That makes sense. Honestly, my arms are tired from carrying this camera around and it would have been torture to relieve myself."
"Do you promise not to tell any of your friends about this, and that you'll never ask for it again?"
"Of course I promise. No one will ever know."
Brooke suddenly dropped down to her knees in front of me. I put the camera down on the grass and leaned against the nearby wall as she touched my hard cock. Her fingers were small and they felt incredibly soft against my shaft. Both of her hands formed a grip on my erection and she held me tight.
"Your hands feel so good..." I said, looking down at her.
"I know a thing or two about giving handjobs," she replied, stopping the movement of her hands to look at me. "Remember, this only a one time deal. Don't bring it up ever again."
"Okay, okay. Hurry, I'm aching badly over here."
She playfully winked at me as she started to stroke my cock faster. Judging by the way her hands were moving, she definitely knew a thing or two about giving handjobs. Her hands pulled and caressed the shaft of my raging hard cock as she stared at it. Every inch of my penis was being touched by her delicate fingers. Every so often she would rub my balls or the head of my cock. Simply put, she was a real pro.
"Are you almost done yet?" she asked, looking up at me again.
"A few more minutes. God, you're amazing at this."
She looked at me with an annoyed expression. "You take too long. My arms are killing me, but I owe you big time for coming to a nude resort with me. And I'm a woman of my word."
Her arms and hands suddenly went on overdrive and she began to stroke me furiously. Those once delicate fingers of hers suddenly became tight as a vice. Her thin arms began to show off their strength by tugging me as hard as they could. She was suddenly giving me a handjob that would put most porn stars to shame.
The combination of seeing my hot older sister naked and her giving me a world class handjob was taking its toll on me. I was on the verge of a powerful orgasm. An overwhelming feeling came over me and my cock was ready to shoot.
"Holy shit, here it comes..." I warned.
Brooke quickly stood up and moved to the side. She continued stroking me with one arm and I erupted all over the grass. Loads of my cum continued shooting out of my hard cock until I was completely drained and I left a real mess on the grass.
I hunched over for a while, barely able to stand, as my sister looked at me with amusement.
"Told you I was good," she smiled.
"Jeez...Shit...Where did you learn to do something like that? I can barely stand after what you just did to me."
Brooke shrugged it off. "I found some useful tips on the internet. Now stop being a wimp, there's still a lot of work left to do."
***
Two hours later. My sister and I finished doing the interviews. She only interviewed a few people, but most of the time was spent socializing. She really got along with the other nudists, and it was obvious to me that she actually enjoyed being naked with them.
We got dressed in our room and prepared for the final shot on the resort property. We needed to film the intro and closing to my sister's news piece with herfully clothed. It was meant to give the viewer the impression that my sister had never been naked in the first place.
"How do I look?" she asked, adjusting her outfit for the last time.
"You look great as always. But I think I prefer you naked," I joked.
"Very funny. Now turn the camera on and start filming so we can finish this."
"Sure thing boss."
Once I pointed the camera at her, she immediately went back to professional mode, standing with perfect posture and speaking with perfect English:
"The recent heat wave has been having an affect on just about everyone in this area, from big cities to small towns. Our extensive coverage on the matter has shown just how far people have gone to cope with the scorching hot weather, but what you haven't seen is how the local nudists have been dealing with the temperatures. That's right- I recently visited a nudist resort to talk with some of their members, and this is what I've found...Annnddd CUT!!!"
I turned off the camera and gave her a big thumbs up.
"Great job!" I said. "You did great. Seriously, you're a pro."
"Do you really mean it? You're not just saying that because you're my brother are you?"
"Come on you know I like giving you shit any chance I get. So if I'm complimenting you, it's because I mean it."
She smiled, "Thanks, I couldn't have done this without you."
"You know, I have to admit, I actually had a lot of fun today. I came here thinking this was going to be a real drag and a total waste of my time, but it was interesting watching you work. Seeing how these news clips are prepared was also pretty cool."
"Thanks again. But if youreallywant to be honest, then you can just admit that you liked seeing me naked for the first time. I don't mind."
"Why do I get the feeling that you liked getting naked today? You seemed more relaxed about it than you were willing to admit."
"I'll answer that after you answer my question," she replied with an eyebrow raised.
I paused for a moment. "Fine, I enjoyed seeing you naked for the first time. I've always thought that you're sexier than the majority of people at my college."
"Hmm... good to know."
"So are you going to answer my question now? You liked walking around naked here, didn't you?"
Brooke gave me a playful wink. "Since you were so honest with me, I guess I'll be honest with you too. Back in college I hung out with a lot of hipsters and artists. Some of my friends asked to do a portrait of me. I agreed. But I didn't know that they were expecting to do a nude portrait."
"They painted you naked?"
She nodded. "I was freaked out at first, but they talked me into it. It was the biggest rush of my life. It was also the biggest sexual thrill in way. Before long I found myself posing for different nude art classes in front of dozens of students, just for the thrill. I haven't done anything like that in a while, soyes, a part of me liked being naked today. I was a little hesitant getting naked in front you, because you're my little brother, but I got over it. Happy now?"
Hearing my sister's intimate revelation quickly made me aroused, even though I had already cum hours earlier.
"What a story," I replied in an uncomfortable way. "I had no idea you're a secret exhibitionist."
"You're getting hard again aren't you?" she said with her eyes looking down at my crotch. "God, I thought this was already resolved."
"What did you expect? Your story was hot."
"You've got some nerve doing this to me again. How are we supposed to leave this resort without someone seeing your erection? You're breaking the rules and people are going to think I brought an unprofessional creep with me. My reputation here is going to be ruined."
"Calm down sis, we went over this already. It's called human biology. Men can't control their erections. I thought that handjob you gave me earlier would keep me satisfied all day, but I guess not."
Brooke gave me a stern look. "I told you toneverbring up that handjob again."
"Sorry."
"Sorry isn't good enough. Look, you've got a erection, and I don't want anyone to see it. So let's go back to the guest room, and you can take care of it there."
"Don't worry about it," I replied calmly. "Your uptight attitude is making it go away. Let me just walk it off."
"Nonsense. We're going back to that room."
She grabbed me by the arm and took me back to the guest bedroom.
***
Brooke didn't lighten up once we got there. She was still in a serious mood when she led me to the bathroom. I followed her lead and stood in front of the toilet.
"Make it fast," she said. "Connie said she wants to meet us for lunch. That's 10 minutes from now. So you better hurry."
"Can this moment get any more awkward? You're starting to sound like mom, only she never told me to go jerk off in the bathroom."
"This is serious business. Come on, there's no time to waste. Pull your pants down and take care of that thing so we can go eat."
I looked at her with disbelief. "You're still standing here, sis. A little privacy please?"
"Nope. You'll start to slack off if I leave you alone. Now get to it."
The tension in the room was undeniable. My big sister was insistent that I take my penis out and masturbate in front of her, and weirdly of all, she was completely serious about it. My heart rate shot up from the awkward situation and my erection became even stiffer.
Almost without thinking I pulled the front of my shorts down in front of Brooke, exposing my cock to her. I started rubbing it and it felt great. A large part of me loved being an exhibitionist to my voyeuristic older sister. It even seemed as if she was on the verge of licking her lips.
Suddenly there were a fewknockson the door.
"Brooke, are you in there?" Connie asked politely from outside the room.
"Yes! We're in here!" my sister yelled back. "We're just finishing up some stuff!"
"Oh good. I was afraid that you had already left. Lunch is starting soon and I've saved you and your camera man a seat next to me."
"We'll be there in a few minutes!" Brooke replied.
"Okay. See you at lunch."
Connie left, and me and my sister were looking at each other, while I held my raging hard cock in my hand.
"You better freaking hurry up," she said sternly. "I mean it this time!"
"Are you serious? There's no way I can get offthatfast and under this kind of stress. Let's just go to lunch, I promise no one will notice it."
She rolled her eyes and walked towards me. "If you want something done, you've gotta do it yourself."
Without any hint of warning, Brooke reached out and grabbed my cock. Her grip was tight and she started stroking it instantly. It felt unbelievable and it only made me more aroused.
I knew how much pressure my sister was under to have lunch with Connie as soon as possible, but I didn't care. All I cared about was how good it felt having my sister stroke me again. It felt as good as last time, only she was dressed in sexy professional attire, which added a different level of kink to it.
As wrong as it was, I tried my hardestnotto cum so that the pleasure I was getting from her would be prolonged.
"Are you almost done?" she asked minutes later. "This is taking longer than before."
"I'm afraid not. You made my cock even harder."
Her hand was still actively stroking me as she looked me in the eyes. "So what's it going to take? Do I have to get naked again in order to make you cum? My arms are getting tired."
A dirty thought suddenly popped inside my mind.
"Do you think I could maybestick it ina little to speed up the process?" I asked. "It's only skin against skin and it'll make things go so much faster."
"You've got to be fucking kidding me."
The grip of her hand became tighter and she stroked harder. Brooke was definitely responding to my incestuous request.
"It's either that or several long minutes of jerking me off. Connie's waiting and it's rude being late to a lunch appointment."
She stopped stroking and paused for a moment. "You already know the rules; this is a special circumstance and you canneverbring it up ever again. This better stay a secret or else I'm going to kick your ass with my stiletto heels."
With that said, Brooke walked out of the bathroom while unbuckling her belt. I followed her to the bed where she dropped her pants to the floor. Her panties soon followed and she was naked from the waist down.
"Yeah, of course I understand," I replied.
It didn't take me long to get naked since I only wore a tshirt and shorts. My heart raced and my adrenaline was overwhelming.
Brooke got on the bed and laid on her back with her legs spread open. She was still wearing her top and I got a clear view of her open vagina. Her labia was thin and her insides were an inviting shade of bright pink.
"Make it quick," she said. "You better enjoy this because it won't happen again."
Her words were stern, but I could tell by the look in her eyes and the fluids in her vagina that she was excited. The thought of getting fucked by her younger brother was as exciting to her as it was for me.
I got on top of her and in between her legs. Her arms wrapped themselves around my back as if she was giving me a big hug. I reached down and guided my throbbing hard cock towards the open vagina.
"Are you sure you're okay with this?" I asked.
She smiled, "Just fuck me already. We haven't got all day."
I smiled back at her and pressed the tip of my cock against her pussy. It felt warm and wet. I pushed further and her body reacted to it. Her face changed, showing the pleasure she got from it. I continued pushing deeper, feeling how tight her little vagina was.
"Oh my..." she gasped. "Keep going. Don't stop."
It was a powerful feeling knowing that I had sexual control over my smart and sassy older sister. One final thrust and I was all the way inside of her body. I held it there for a moment to savor the feeling.
We were close, the closest we've ever been, with our faces just centimeters apart, and my raging hard cock inside of her tight pussy.
Our arms held each other tight and I started to find a rhythm. In and out. It was slow at first, but I quickly picked up the pace. The faster I went, the more reaction she showed. I felt her heaving breath on my face. Her mouth was wide open. Her eyes were wide open as well.
We held each other tight as we continued fucking each other. My sister's moans were becoming screams. I continued fucking her harder, and it came to the point where she had to clench her teeth to stop herself from screaming so loud that the people in the other room would be able to hear us fucking.
"Holy shit...I'm cumming," my sister whispered with a sense of urgency.
"So am I."
"Do it inside me. Shit, I'm cumming."
I thrusted my cock as hard as I possibly could. Her eyes suddenly became wide open. Her legs wrapped themselves around me like a wild animal. And her back arched underneath me. She was having a violent orgasm and I felt it through her body, and I saw it on her face.
It wasn't long before I came inside of my sister's pussy. It was more intense than the orgasm I had hours earlier, and it was more overwhelming.
When it was over, I collapsed on top of her, and we felt each other breathing heavily.
"Connie's probably pissed that we're late," I playfully said.
"With sex like this, Connie can kiss my ass," she jokingly replied.
I gave her a big kiss on the cheek. "That was fucking amazing. I had no idea your pussy could do that."
"There's a lot of things you don't know about me. Maybe you'll get to find out more if you're lucky. But right now, we've got a lunch appointment to attend."
Brooke pushed me off and she got back to her feet. Seeing her bare vagina and ass was a sight I would never get tired of. She grabbed a nearby tissue and used it to wipe our cum from her pussy.
"You're fucking sexy. You're going to make an awesome news reporter once you get hired."
She smiled, "If you're trying to sweet talk me so you can get laid again, then it's working. You've proven yourself, so maybe you can have the rest of the summer to enjoy my pussy if you want."
I watched my older sister get completely naked once again after her pussy was cleaned. She fixed her hair in the mirror, and before long, we had lunch with the other nudists. The best part was that one knew that we were siblings who had just fucked each other.
The End
Story idea by loadedgun.
Your votes & comments are appreciated.