When I was a young(er) man, I wanted to earn some extra cash by selling my sperm to a local sperm bank. I figured that the sperm of a blond, blue-eyed Viking would sell like hot cakes and find its way into countless wombs and eggs all over the world.
I went a couple of times to make a deposit. My college campus was in the old town as was the sperm bank, so I could easily visit it during the day. There was something extraordinarily delightful about masturbating between classes in the comforts of a clinic with coloured magazines and being paid to do so. I could think about the many young and beautiful freshman or sophomore girls in my classes or I could peruse through the already then retro magazines with big-boobed, hairy women receiving cocks in all openings. A nice change from the economics textbooks.
However, after a few times, the clinic told me that my sperm quality was subpar and suggested that I had it examined. So I did.
After having deposited a sperm sample and the prescribed blood tests at the central hospital, I got an appointment with a fertility doctor.
She was a nice-looking mature woman, twice my age, Swedish (not that unusual since I was living in Copenhagen at the time right across the narrow sound from Sweden), and completely no-nonsense business-like. She had flat shoes, a knee-long black skirt and rather tight blue sweater under the white lab coat with the mandatory pens and flashlights in her breast pocket and a stethoscope around her neck. She had loose, medium blonde hair with some grey in it. A very appealing face. She wore a dark red lipstick but otherwise very little make-up.
She greeted me, and we sat down on opposing sides of her desk. She leafed through some papers. She asked me the usual questions about drugs, sexual habits, disease history etc., and made notes as I answered. She smiled a lot. Then she went over the results from the tests. Sperm count, share of motile spermatozoa, STD markers. Everything checked out fine. Nothing to suggest anything problematic, although she emphasised that sperm banks might have higher standards than strictly necessary from a "normal" fertility perspective.
There was also a physical side to the examination, she then laughed. She drew the curtains albeit half-heartedly: you could still see (and be seen from) the other parts of the hospital across the street. Then she asked me to stand up and draw down my pants and boxers. She then rolled over to me on her office chair, realigned the desk lamp for better light. "I need to examine your testes for any possible irregularities", she continued.
She put on latex gloves and immediately took hold of my balls one after the other. She felt. Thoroughly. She rolled each testicles between her fingers while absorbed in her own thoughts. My cock stirred. First invisibly from the outside, then noticeably. The cool office air and her fondling was exciting. So was the thought that someone looking out the window across the street could watch my comprehensive examination.
"It happens," she said drily. "Since guys don't go to the gyno like girls regularly do, someone else's hands down here is usually sign of something sexual." That did not exactly help. My cock was soon pointing out horizontally above her hands and towards her face. She moved the shaft around, routinely to get a good look at and feel of the balls. She sure took her time. She seemed absolutely unconcerned with my growing hard-on, which made it extra titillating.
She rolled the chair back on her side of the desk. She made some notes and looked something up on her screen. She said nothing, and I was left standing with my pointy dick not sure what to do. When I was almost convinced, I should have dressed and taken my seat again, she rolled back towards me, removed her gloves and grabbed my balls again. My cock immediately jolted and resumed its rise, which had otherwise reversed somewhat in the absence of her hands.
"Hmm," she continued. This time was also a really long fondling, and although I tried to think of something else, my cock now reached a slight upwards tilt. The foreskin retreated a bit, and a shiny dot of pre-cum appeared. She still seemed completely unfazed by the dick almost hitting her on the chin.
"Everything is fine," she concluded and rolled back again. "But we still need the ultrasound." She gave me a tissue, presumably for wiping of the pre-cum from the eye of my dick, but she did not give any instructions. I accidentally drew a line pre-cum before managing to wipe it all off.
When I was just about to draw back up my boxers and jeans, she commanded: "No, just step out of them and take a step back to the exam bed. That'd be much easier." So I did, and sat back on the edge of the bed, my legs touching its cold metal legs. "One moment." She left the room and immediately after returned with a nurse, pushing the portable ultrasound machine that looked like something from WWII.
The nurse was young and redheaded with large glasses. She looked directly at my cock but with the same unfazed look as the doctor. They must see this all the time, I thought. They were both now preoccupied with setting up the thing. It took a while, and meanwhile the door was open and people in the hallway could look into the room and catch a glimpse of my almost erect cock if they just peered a bit to the side of the room.
"Now," the doctor said as the nurse left the room. "Let's see." First, she pressed a big dollop of gel into her left hand (still glove-less) and immediately massaged it into my balls. "I can't feel a thing with those damn things on," she smiled. The gel was cold, and my cock retracted a bit from its former glory. She turned on the monitor of the thing and poked around my balls with the transmitter or whatever it was called - a small flashlight-sized equipment connected to the machine with a curly wire like an old telephone cord.
She took her time again. She crouched and pushed my legs apart so she could edge closer, her face once more at level with my dick. The warmth returned to my scrotum and the gliding movement of the apparatus all over my balls began exciting me again. She also kind of balanced each ball with her other hand to hold them still while scanning them. My cock was pointing outwards again head peeking a bit out from its foreskin.
"Hm. This one is broke," she said, and I immediately feared for my health. "I mean, not the testicle," she laughed, "but this piece of crap," she said and pointed to the ultrasound equipment across her shoulder with her thumb. "Let me find the other one." Again, I was left standing bottomless with half an erection for countless strangers to spot from across the street as well as from the open door to the hallway. I couldn't help myself, and my cock was now extending farther into the room, angle unchanged from horizontal, but visibly fatter and the head more exposed and again building up a large drop of pre-cum.
The doctor returned with the redhead and a new machine, just as a drop of pre-cum went slowly for the floor in a long thin string from the tip of my cock. The nurse saw it, paused ever so slightly and smiled at it. "Don't worry - happens all the time." The embarrassment did not slow down the excitement, on the contrary, so my cock wobbled a bit and pointed a bit more upwards, foreskin retracting ever so slowly. I was afraid to move or cover it for fear of it getting worse. The nurse and doctor ignored it while rigging up the new machine.
"May I?" said the redhead when they were ready. She sat down as the doctor had done just before, pushing my legs apart. The doctor leaned in over her from behind studying, not the monitor, but my cock and balls and the hands of the redhead moving, fondling, and massaging around the gel. This pushed the nurse a little closer to my crotch and I could feel her breath on my gelled-up balls.
My cock was now in full erection. Pointing towards the ceiling and foreskin completely retracted. The head moist with pre-cum. It felt like, but I couldn't tell for sure, as if the nurse kept tugging downwards in my ball sack in a way meant to keep up my erection. Whether she meant to or not, it worked. I was now rock hard and the two medics were acting as nothing was unusual. "If you want my opinion," the nurse said to the doctor. "His hair is in the way. This thing is hopeless if there's no direct contact with the testes."
Then as if by silent agreement, the nurse left and returned with a bowl of soapy water, scissors and a razor. "Here we go," she said as she resumed the position between my legs. "I'm afraid it's necessary, but this'll only take a minute, love," she told me as she padded my shaft still pointing upwards. And then she very quickly and expertly removed all traces of my pubic hair, first rinsing out the gel, then cutting off lumps of hair with the scissors and finally shaving every stump and stubble with the razor.
I didn't have the time to protest, and I was anyway too stunned. I noticed she also shaved the shaft, even though they only needed to ultrasound my balls. "If you permit," she said, as she spread apart my ass cheeks to remove every trace of hair there as well.
The nurse padded my crotch dry with a towel, and my cock and balls were now completely pink and exposed. If I was erect before, I felt even harder and more excited than before (and ever). "Well, now mister," the doctor said squeezing the base of my cock gently with two fingers, "this is a professional place." She laughed and resumed the ultrasound. This time the nurse was watching from behind the doctor. As the doctor massaged a new dollop of gel onto my balls, she also moved her grip up my shaft to gel it up as well, and her pinkie managed to push some of the lubricant in the direction of my anus.
Then she resumed the criss-crossing of my balls with the transmitter and after a while declared, "Everything is fine." She took a piece of tissue and slowly wiped off the gel. My cock was still very much erect and leaking pre-cum from the tip, so she also wiped this away drawing long threads in the process.
"Did you notice how much sperm was in there," the nurse declared in astonishment and pointed to the numerous stills captured on the monitor. "I don't believe, I've ever seen this much. It seems like the guys at the sperm bank are throwing away gold here!"
"True," the doctor smiled, "So much semen. I guess this is the reason he liked so much the attention." She looked up at me and took my shaft in her bare hand from below. She looked me in the eyes as she began stroking my pink and swollen cock up and down in very slow mechanical movements. "Listen, we can't let you leave in this state. Besides, we're dying to see just how much we can get out of these two," she said and gently caressed my balls, which I too suddenly felt were filled to the brim with cum. I was shocked, but my cock was dripping threads of pre-cum with every slow and excruciating stroke.
The nurse locked the door, briefly leaned against it and removed her thin panties and walked back. Then she bent over and tied my left ankle to the leg of the exam bed. Firmly. The doctor stood up - without interrupting the slow machine-like stroking of my pink and newly shaved cock shaft now lubed up with the steady, almost pulsing flow of pre-cum now also dripping from my balls and moistening my anus. The doctor too removed her panties with her left hand and gave them to the nurse. Now the nurse bent over again and tied my right ankle to the other leg of the bed. Quite firmly again. I was not sure whether this was real or not, but who cared. This was Heaven.
The stroking went on forever, it seemed. The nurse and doctor took turns building me all the way up to near climax and then slowing, changing hands or simply squeezing somewhere to keep back the explosion. I almost lost consciousness once or twice as this went on and on and on. Sometimes when one was doing the stroking, the other would cup or caress my balls or once or twice insert a very gently probing pinkie finger into my anus. They both looked so hungry, but never did more than caress me with their hands. Many times they teased me by looking as if they were about to take the entire length of my pink cock between their lips and suck me completely dry.
Finally, it happened. After a series of cut-off orgasms closer and closer together, the doctor - in charge of the stroking at this point - just kept going. It was, as if I myself was now the one holding back - my legs pulling against the tight knots of the string panties tied firmly around my ankles. And, my orgasm muscle resisting, resisting, resisting until I finally exploded. The doctor held tightly at the base of my throbbing cock and aimed my pulsing and glowing dick head out into the room, and I came, came and came. I remember it as rope after rope of sticky cum hitting the floor, the office chairs, my own jeans and boxers lying there and even the flimsy curtains. I blacked out. Felt so emptied.
The two medics then quietly cleaned up me and the room, untied my ankles and helped me into my pants - supporting me as I could barely stand for a long time. Everything was as in a dream. When I was back out in the street I slowly came back to myself as I staggered along the facade and wondered whether this had happened at all. But in the pocket of my jeans I found two pair of string panties with a lovely smell of wet pussy.