Introduction:
We are in our forties, John is slightly dominant and I'm slightly submissive in our relationship.
We are into exhibitionism; that's our thing.
I love to have a walk fully naked every now and then, mostly at Johan's hand with him most of the time fully dressed. Sometimes he joins me in nakedness, but most of the time it's only me naked.
We always put on the agenda at forehand when to do this, but once it's a deal, we go for it (except when the weather isn't suitable according to John.)
When we set of for one of my walks, John parks in a forest path backwards, thus creating my 'dressing room' as he refers to, at the back of the car.
For a short walk John prefers me to walk totally naked and barefoot, so everything goes in the trunk and of we go. Mostly we have walks of about half an hour; on our way we have a nice chat on any subject except for my nakedness and after a few minutes I don't even realize I'm naked, but feel free and liberated enjoying our walk, nature and the scenery.
When meeting other people we have to pass, which we don't seek and doesn't happen often, we just continue as if nothing is out of the ordinary and it never has caused trouble so far as most people do as if they don't even notice, probably not knowing how to react...
I have a regular mail contact with my close friend Tessa with whom I exchange intimate emails; this series is about the spin-off of the anniversary-party of me and John last year on November 8th...
Hello Tessa,
As I have some more time to write you now, it might be that you and Karl could also benefit of John's initiative lately; I'll tell you what I mean and what it is all about.
Without my knowledge, to surprise me for our annual marriage anniversary, he went to a sex-shop that we visit sometimes. They sell everything from sexy clothes, books, toys etc.
In the back there is a room where I thought only videos are shown, and what I didn't know as we never went in there, there is a stage in what turned out to be a small theater.
Now John spoke with the owner and arranged for us to do a performance on our wedding-day, recently, on Friday November 8...
He had booked a dinner-table at 7 o'clock that evening, saying he had a surprise afterwards.
He advised me to eat something light to stay fit, but didn't say why.
After dinner we had coffee and a drink and it was around eight o'clock when he topped the bill, had the waiter call a cab and helped me in my coat when it arrived.
We went straight to the sex-shop, John payed the driver and helped me out.
I noticed an announcement was made in the shop window that there would be 'a live show on stage this evening at 8.30 pm.'
That's when I still didn't realize who the performers would be; I thought we would attend the show in the audience..
We went in and as we still had some time before the show would start, John proposed me to check a sexy outfit that I tried on and that he bought for me. Now and then people, where under another couple, came in and went to the counter, and then to the cinema theater. In the meantime my outfit was packed nicely for me. The shopkeeper, who presented himself as Fred, said he would keep it behind the counter for me until after the show.
Then he handed us two dressing gowns, two pairs of those fabric slippers and a box, inviting us to change in the changing room.
Now it was clear to me what Johan's surprise was and although I was still surprised, the idea of what was going to happen also excited me in the same time. I had again that strange mix of curiosity, fear and excitement that I get when we set out for a nude walk for me.
We went to the changing room and undressed, putting our clothes and things in the box. I thanked John for his wonderful surprise and kissed him, saying his reward would be very soon. In order not to obstruct the view of the audience, I put my hair up. Fortunately I had the necessities in my bag. Once covered in our dressing gowns and slippers, we brought the box to Fred to keep it for us behind the counter. He then stated it was time for us to go on stage, that he would guide us there to introduce us to the audience and take our current clothing from us until after the performance.
We followed him and entered the theater; although it was dim in the hall, the stage brightly lit, I saw the people turn their heads to follow us on our way to the stage on which an elevation with the dimensions of a double bed upholstered in a luxury woolly fabric was invitingly awaiting us to perform our act.
We climbed the steps to turn to our audience and bowed at them.
Fred introduced us and said that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary and wanted to reconfirm the physical side of our marriage, with them as our witness to this, for us important act.
The public started clapping and that was the moment for us to expose ourselves, we handed our dressing gowns and slippers to our supervisor and assistant, Fred, the shopkeeper.
We bowed to our audience me using the opportunity to rock my breasts, we turned towards each other, I knelt down and started to give John a well-earned blowjob.
After some time, we climbed the bed and changed position to continue oral together in sixty-nine. Following we gave a show of all our skills performing all the positions we practice normally together, but now we did all successively in one act. We managed without reaching an orgasm early; to continue for about twenty-five minutes. Then Johan started fucking me fast saying he was going to deliver, to achieve the point where he was able to orgasm to pump his seed in powerful pulsating rays from his balls into my fallopian tubes in an enormous explosion of lust.
When he was done, he lowered himself to lick my clitoris to bring me to a massive orgasm too.
When we were done, we climbed from the bed and Fred returned to bring us our dressing gowns and slippers; when I stood up, John's seed rippled down from my pussy between my legs; a few drops fell to the floor and on the inside of my right ankle when I was putting on the dressing gown and slippers.
To my surprise, Fred announced there would be a second round performed by us in half an hour...
We bowed again before descending the stage, holding hands going down the stairs, leaving behind an enthusiastic clapping audience.
We were brought to a room behind the counter and Fred handed me a small towel that hung next to the counter to dry ourselves excusing himself that he forgot to bring it along before to the stage.
A bottle of champagne waited for us, he opened the bottle and he poured the three of us a glass to bring out a toast to a fucking good marriage, as he called it.
As we had half an hour before we had to go back for the second round, we had time enough to relax with our drinks and gather the required energy to do our next performance energetically. Then someone knocked at the door. Fred opened and there stood the couple that had been in the audience that I noticed before, asking if they could come in. Fred went back in the shop and the two took a chair.
They introduced themselves as Marco and Lieke saying they had admired our performance so much, that they asked if they could join us on stage for the second round and eventually swap partners using condoms when fucking with us...
As they were fair looking and of about our age, we were OK with their proposition, poured them a glass too to toast with them on our fruitful wedding party.
I opened the door and asked Fred for another pair of dressing gowns, slippers and a few condoms.
As there clearly are more often shows with more participants, without any problem he handed me all we needed as well as a box for their clothes and stuff, directly understanding what was on with the two. Then the couple undressed at the spot changing for the same coverage that we were using.
Undressing they both looked definitely attractive enough to swap with as they are both well equipped for the job so to say. Marco having a nice, large, penis even not erect and Lieke slender with nice boobs, pronounced nipples and a beautiful shaved pussy, leaving a small triangle of pubic hair half an inch above her clitoris just like my haircut down there!
Then Fred came in to guide us to the stage and off we went, the four of us this time.
Once arrived at the entrance of the theater we stopped Fred and undressed all, leaving the dressing gowns and slippers on a pile, walking up to the stage we each took the hand of our new partner.
All eyes were on us again going to the stage; there we formed a line and bowed for our audience. This time Fred meanwhile positioned two small towels and some condoms tactically on one edge of the bed. John then suggested forming a quartet in 69, each licking or sucking a partner and that's what we did.
When we broke in pairs after some time of licking and sucking, we continued giving the audience what they liked to see. We changed partners a few times, also leaving me and Lieke the time to fondle and lick one another while our partners looked or stimulated the parts of our bodies that where not 'occupied'.
After about some three quarters of an hour, when we all had finished in orgasms and having dried our faces and genitals with the towels provided, Fred came to accompany us back. We all positioned in line facing our public and with a bow to the audience we stood to receive our applause. Then, afterwards blowing kisses into the theater, we left to go back to the counter.
On our way into the shop, we dressed again in our dressing gowns and the slippers we had used before going there. We went to the counter where we received our clothes and belongings back and went back into the pantry together, but before dressing up again we set down to relax together and have a cup of coffee served by Fred.
Lieke still had a string of cum in her hair from the facial John gave her in the end of our show that Marco cleaned with the towel that rested from the first part of our show.
We talked over what we had done together, enjoying mentioning details we loved most; it was a very open and sexy discussion.
After our coffee we dressed, exchanged phone-number and addresses with the couple to stay in contact and to meet again the next day on Saturday at our place for an after-party. Fred phoned a cab for the two of us and after kissing good bye we left with a satisfied feeling of the evening's meal and event, looking forward to our meeting our new friends.
It was a wonderful experience and probably we will continue to do performances every now and then there.
This might be something you could do with Karl if he likes; please, keep me informed!
X
Joan
Hi Joan,
Wow! That sounds like such an amazing experience! I'm not sure I'd be brave enough to try it (and probably not in my current relationship anyway) but it's such a hot idea!
I've had a boring few days. It's always good to hear from you though and I'm determined to keep in touch as much as I can this year after being so bad in 2019!
I'm planning to spend some holiday time with Karl (in the UK) in a couple of months. He's arranging it and the details will mostly be a surprise to me, but I'm hoping he has something sexy in mind. He can be a bit unromantic sometimes but this time I think he's making the effort!
How have you been since your show! :)
Tx