While outwardly, Carol was able to project an image of sternness towards her daughter, inside she was shaking all over. It was happening. The one thing she had been wanting for all 42 years of her life was really actually happening! She was going to live a permanently nude life! No clothes on, completely starkers, as nature intended, the way she was born, skyclad, in naught but her skin, completely exposed, dressed in her birthday suit. All day, every day, for the rest of her life. She looked down and gazed at her completely bare body, at her boobs that jiggled lightly with the movements of the car, whose bulk almost obscured the rest of her form. At her stomach, a long field of creamy white skin, with the pit of her navel rising and falling alongside her breaths. At her unclothed thighs squeezed tightly together, hiding her sweet-tasting feminine treasure within. At her bare toes that dug nervously into the mat on the floor.
This is what she would be seeing every time she looked down from now on. No longer would Carol be treated to the sight of her shirt or her jacket or her pants or her skirt or even her stockings, socks, and shoes. The only thing she would ever see now was her bare, beautiful, natural self. Just thinking about that, thinking about always being treated to that wondrous sight was enough to make her want to leap out of the car, spread her arms out, and run around screaming "Freeeeeeeeedooooomm!" at the top of her lungs.
Not that she would of course. She still wasn't officially a Lover of Zenriah yet, and nor was she allowed to be publicly naked. And the car was moving way too fast to bail out anyway. Hopping out of the vehicle at this moment would just get her a broken limb or two, and that wouldn't do her or anyone any good.
But maybe if I was a Lover of Zenriah...would it be possible? The Scripture indicated they were very strong. Stronger than any ordinary woman...or even any man.
The Scripture. It wasn't here, was it? No, it wasn't. A shame; she was really aching to read it. She wanted to know more about her new faith, her new history, her new people. And more than anything else, Carol wanted...she wanted to feel closer to her Goddess. The Goddess...that was so far away now, forced to leave the world behind to save all that She created and loved.
And yet, the Zenrists I've spoken with seem like they are still with Her despite that. How could they have possibly reached Her across the light years? Something had to have happened to make that possible. But what?
"Ohhhhh!" she grumbled, fidgeting uncomfortably in her seat. It was just so frustrating being so close yet so far from her dream! She wanted to get into the Temple of New Deastone, see Celeste again, and become a full-fledged Zenrist, and she wanted itnow! But she couldn't have it now. She had to sit here, in this car, and wait. If only she had the Scripture, the only thing related to Zenrism she actually owned (well, borrowed). Then she would feel like she at least had her toe dipped in her faith. And if nothing else, it would help make the trip go by faster.
"Is something wrong?" said Mindy.
"No, no, everything's fine," sighed Carol. "I just...really, really, really want to be there now."
The teen chortled with amusement. "Heh. Never thought I'd see my own mother giving me the old 'are we there yet' routine. Honestly, it makes me feel like I'm the mom here and you're the bratty little kid."
Carol let out a chortle of her own. "A bratty little kid. Yeah, I guess that's what I am. I certainlyfeellike a kid right now. A kid on Christmas Eve who just doesn't want to wait to open her presents anymore."
"And the type who doesn't like to wear clothes."
"Yes and the type who doesn't like to wear clothes. And who doesn't need to...anymore."
Carol let out a sigh as she ran her hands down the length of her body, tracing her collar, her boobs, her stomach, and both of her thighs. At least she still had her body in all its perfect feminine glory. Sure, it was a mess right now, wet with sex and perspiration, but it was still here, still serving as a testament to the Goddess' artistry and sense of beauty. And perhaps as long as she had that, she would still, on some level, retain a sense of closeness to Her.
Though not as much as if I had a nice girl to fuck. Sure wish I was still in the backseat with Henri and Katy.
"Mmmm." As if on cue, a murmur went off behind her. Katy moaned happily in her slumber, no doubt experiencing a sweet and sexy dream involving her mother. Or Carol. Or both, possibly at the same time. One could never be sure with that girl. Goddess knows Carol sure as hell didn't. "Mmm, oh Mommy," she continued, almost confirming Carol's theory.
A sound of hands slapping gently against soft skin followed shortly thereafter. "Mmm, you feel so nice," whispered Henrietta. "I could just hold these forever, Carol."
That comment caught Carol by surprise.Huh? Who is she talking to? Is she talking to me? But I'm right here.There was a smacking and slurping of lips as girl flesh was kissed and suckled behind her.Wait a minute...
"Your hair feels nice too," Henrietta added. "But...when did it get so long?"
They couldn't be.
"Oh, Mommy," murmured Katherine. "Oh Mommy, I...huh? Wait...you're not Mommy."
It was just a trick of the ears...
"WAAGGGHHHHH!" Katy and Henrietta screamed, and Carol nearly jumped through the roof of the car. She didn't want to look behind her, she dreaded what she would see, but alas, her morbid curiosity compelled her. So she looked...and she saw...
Henrietta huddled on one side of the car. Katy on the other. Both blushing furiously across their every inch of bare skin and wearing nothing but an expression of deep shame on their faces. And in between them was Erin sitting just as nakedly and just as uncomfortably, looking half-shamed and half annoyed by the turn of events.
"Uh...what happened?" Carol asked, though she felt like an idiot since she heard enough to have a good idea.
"Nothing!" said Henrietta.
"Nothing!" echoed Katherine.
"Uh...yeah. Nothing," huffed Erin in a tone that denoted annoyance and...disappointment?
"Uh...sure," said Carol, deciding she didn't want to pursue it further for the time being. She had enough on her mind already. There wasn't any need to add any more, and the nudist couldn't think of anything more awkward than two adult lesbians talking about their intimate behavior to the mother of their latest mutual lover. Though as she sat back, she couldn't help but feel disappointed as well. They were all women here and women weresupposedto enjoy each other's bodies. So what if the woman her lovers were enjoying was her daughter? The girl could use a little lesbianism in her life. But perhaps they could worry about that at a later date, after everything settled down.
And after I become a Zenrist myself. Then I can maybe start thinking about how I'll convert all of them.
***
It was a long trip, at least by Carol's reckoning, but at last, they had reached their destination. They had arrived at New Deastone.
"So is it true?" said Mindy as the city's buildings began to surround them. "You'll just find a bunch of ladies walking all over this town naked?"
"Well, maybe not a bunch," said Henrietta, "but if you keep your eyes pealed, you'll probably spot some here and there. The Zenrists are pretty well entrenched here."
"So does that mean if all of you just piled out of the car, no one would look twice at you?" asked the teen.
"No, people will look plenty," said Carol. "When we went on our stroll here last week, everyone I passed by eyed me up."Goddess, has it really only been a week? It feels like a lifetime ago."Including a policewoman who saw clear as day I wasn't a Zenrist. Nearly got arrested right on the spot."
"Because you didn't have the tattoo marking you as one...right?" said Erin from the back, her voice nearly a whisper.
"Uh, yes, that's correct," said Carol, blinking in surprise. Was it just her, or was her previously surly daughter revealing more sides of herself that the mother didn't know about before? Carol didn't want to jump to conclusions, but more and more evidence was piling up indicating that the girl might have had a few Zenrist encounters herself. For some reason, the nudist mother couldn't help but find the whole notion mystifying. It was a stroke of luck that Henrietta was able to find out about the Zenrists and tell Carol about them. But it would seem that even if the redhead had never stumbled upon them, the faith would still find its way to Carol via her daughter. There was no escaping it; one way or another, Carol was going to find the Goddess whether she wanted to or not. And maybe...that had been the plan all along?
"Yes, that's...correct," Carol repeated. "Which is why we still have to be careful and mindful that we don't draw any attention to ourselves. If someone looks in and realizes none of the naked women in this car are Zenrists, we'll all be in big trouble."
A pregnant pause fell over the group as every woman blushed, realizing and remembering that they were all indeed naked in public. Everyone, that is, except for Mindy, who was the only one still wearing clothes. "You guys might be, but I won't!" she giggled smugly. "You know, if I wanted to, I could blackmail you all, threaten to expose you for the indecent sex fiends you are if you don't do what I say."
"You wouldn't," said Henrietta.
"Would you really?" said Katherine as she chewed her lip nervously.
"Don't you dare!" Erin hissed from between her teeth.
"Relax, I said that Icould, not that Iwould," the driving teen laughed. "Though considering all the trouble I've had to go through for you all today, I think I'm entitled to a little reward, dontcha think?"
No one in the car could think of a counter-argument to that.
"Well, whatever," said Mindy. "So far, I haven't seen any naked girls roaming around, which is kind of disappointing, but I guess it doesn't matter because I think we've just about reached our destination." As the car pulled into the parking lot and came to a stop, she nearly did a double take as she took the strange archaic-looking building in. "Whoa! Is this...really the place?"
"Yes, this is the place," said Carol. "The House of the Goddess."
"It's beautiful," said Katherine.
"Yeah, it is," said Carol. "But just wait'll you see what it looks like inside."
As she finished speaking, a group of women suddenly emerged from out of the Temple. They moved with purpose, as though they were on a mission, with their backs straight, their heads high, and, because they all happened to be completely naked, their nipples erect and their breasts full and bouncing. Carol only recognized two of them: one was the angelic-looking blonde, Maisie, who had set her on her path to enlightenment. And the other, with the brilliant red mane and the queenly gait could only be...
"C-Celeste," Carol whispered as the priestess opened the door and locked eyes with her, as dark and ethereal as she remembered them. Unconsciously, she unbuckled her seatbelt, eager to get rid of every possible barrier that existed between her and the flame-touched goddess, no matter how small it was or how little it covered. Around Celeste, wearing even a string felt like too much.
"Yes, childe, it is I," Celeste said, her voice as gentle as it was sultry. Without wasting another moment she grabbed the mother and pulled her out of the vehicle, cradling her in her arms like she was a newborn infant. Lifting Carol up higher so that their faces were nearly touching, the priestess took a deep breath through her nostrils and smiled approvingly as she inhaled the hefty aroma of arousal and sex wafting off nearly every inch of the raven-headed woman. Then she planted a deep, wet kiss right on Carol's lips.
Carol gasped in astonishment, surprised at the priestess' boldness, which only gave Celeste the opportunity to slide her tongue between her parted lips and explore the recesses of her mouth. She licked the mother's bottom gums, she lapped at her top teeth, she rolled the appendage around her lover's own tongue. Then she inhaled again, sucked the air in from Carol's mouth, from Carol's lungs, and took it into her own. She swallowed every lingering morsel, every remaining vapor, every scant fleck of womanly arousal from out of Carol's breath, and smiled again as its sweet, nectarine flavor washed down her throat like a finely aged wine.
"Haaaaahhhhh," sighed Celeste as she pulled away, leaving Carol gasping for air. "It is good to smell and taste you again. You are even better than the last time we met. I...missed you, Caroline Connors."
"I...I missed you too," Carol whispered. Once again, she found herself tongue-tied in the presence of the woman, who seemed as holy and formidable as ever, like a heroic Greek statue come to life.
"When I heard about your condition from your daughter, I feared for you," the priestess went on. "I feared that your life would end, that your soul would snuff out before we would ever have a chance to make love again and properly deliver you to the Goddess. But it would seem you were saved by the intervention of your daughters and your lovers." She paused to address all the remaining occupants of the car, giving Mindy, Erin, Katherine, and Henrietta each a turn to lock eyes with her. "On behalf of Zenriah and all Her lovers, let me thank you all for the love, kindness, and support you have shown this woman. Without it, she might very well not be here with us right now."
The girls all blushed, not quite knowing how to respond to that. Henrietta mumbled an "Oh, it was nothing." Katherine stared transfixed at the priestess, completely awestruck by her beauty, her radiance, and most likely the motherly aura all around her. Erin looked away unsure as she covered her breasts up with her arms. And Mindy scratched the back of her head, totally befuddled.
"As a reward for your service, we invite you all to our sacred Grotto to witness one of our most important rituals," said Celeste. She nodded at her companions. "Take them."
The women all mirrored her nod, and in the instant that followed, they swarmed around the car like ants. Doors flew open, greedy arms reached inside, seatbelts snapped away, and one by one, all the occupants were pulled out and nestled neatly into the arms of some very gleeful-looking nudists.
"Mmm, aren't you a cutie?" said the one who was cradling Katy.
"Ahhh, I see the resemblance," said the girl who got Erin.
"It's so nice to see you again," said another, Maisie, who was holding a very startled-looking Henrietta. "Just masturbating over you wasn't enough."
"Hmm, this one's still clothed," said a final woman holding Mindy, who didn't look like she had any idea what had just happened. The woman, who was a tall and elegant-looking brunette, then grinned sultrily. "Shall I free her of her vestments?"
"Free me of my...what?" gurgled Mindy as she looked confusedly all around her. Realization hit her after a moment and her eyes nearly bugged out. "Wait, are you going to...make me naked?"
"Hmmm." The priestess approached the pair and lowered her face to meet Mindy's, her eyes never leaving the teen's. They were close, very close, their lips mere millimeters apart, close enough to kiss. As Carol looked at them from her position in Celeste's arms, she found she desperately wanted them to. To make out in the parking lot, to taste each other's tongues, to enwrap their forms right there, before everyone. To make love to one another. She didn't think twice about the older woman having her way with her daughter. She wanted her to. She wanted Celeste to enjoy the ripened fruit of her womb. She deserved it. She deserved to have any girl she wanted. And if Mindy was as much of a virgin as Carol suspected she was, then she in turn deserved to have her virginity taken by the priestess. Nothing would convert her to lesbianism, nudism, and Zenrism more than an orgasm from the flame-haired beauty.
"Hmmm," Celeste repeated, and her lips curved upward into the barest hint of a smile. Her breath hitched, and for an instant, her eye left the teen's and rolled directly into Carol's instead. The mother bit her lip nervously. What was going on behind those coal-black orbs of hers? What was she trying to convey to her? "No, do not. Not yet. Do not strip her...yet," she finally said, her voice shuddering oddly in a way Carol never imagined it could.
The brunette seemed taken aback. "But...the Temple!"
"Let her have her...break. She has done much today. The Goddess will understand," said Celeste. "And besides, I have a very vital task today. Seeing this girl in her true state will be...very...huhhhh...distracting for me."
"I...I..." the brunette stuttered, still trying to form an argument. When she realized she wouldn't be able to, she sighed in defeat, lowering her head like a deflated balloon. "I understand, my love. I'm sorry."
"You're forgiven. Now, let us take our guests to the Grotto."
The girls all nodded and set off, walking in lockstep behind Celeste with their chosen girls in hand, carrying them each like a prize. Which, Carol realized, they very much all were. One who hadn't claimed a girl stayed behind, choosing instead to hop into the car, which was still running.
"Wait, that's mine," said Henrietta.
"Relax, she's just going to park it for you and make sure your keys are stored in a safe place," said Maisie. "Think of her a valet. A very naked and sexy valet."
Their business outside done, the Zenrists marched straight into the Temple without uttering another word. They made haste through the massive Gathering chamber, giving none of their bewildered charges enough time to take in the place's romantic atmosphere. They twisted through the halls, descended down the stairs, and finally entered the sacred Grotto where Carol and the priestess had made love not even a week ago. The mother flinched as the memory came back to her. Goddess, just being reminded of that wonderful day was enough to make her tingle all over.
I wonder if we'll get to make love again?
"In time, childe," Celeste whispered gently into her ear as she descended into the water, still holding the mother in her arms. It rippled silkily against her form as she sank, first up to her thighs, then to her hips, and finally to her stomach. Carol flinched again as she felt it slap against her buttocks, chilling her creamy round cheeks like a comforting caress before it seeped in between them and into her most precious crevices. She gasped as the water penetrated her insides, licking her folds like a feather frozen in ice and coaxing the sensitive and still very worn nub within from out of its hiding place.
"What is this place?" said Erin.
"This is the Sacred Grotto," said Maisie as she followed after her priestess, walking into the water with her redheaded lover still in her hands. "Where we cleanse ourselves of our communion."
"So you mean this is where you go for your baptisms or something?" said Mindy.
"No," said the brunette carrying her. "This is where we clean up after we fuck."
"Oh." That made Mindy lose her words.
"Yup!" Maisie chimed in excitedly. "Which is why you're all gonna be coming in with us! Mmm, I can still smell the sex all over you, Henri. Did you have a lot of fun?"
"You could...say that," said Henrietta. "Though unfortunately, I can't say I remember how it we-HEEENNNT!" Like Carol before her, she too jolted the second her butt made contact with the water, cooling the flesh in all the right ways as it slithered into her most sensitive places.
"I guess you don't need to, though," said the brunette as she looked at Mindy, who was still wearing her clothes and lacking a notable musky sheen that could be seen—and smelled—on all the other women she shared the car with. "But you can still join us. Would you like to get out of those dirty, confining clothes now?"
"Uh, no thanks. I think I'll...stay here on dry land while the rest of you...do your thing," said Mindy.
The brunette pouted with disappointment but respected her wishes. "Have it your way," she sighed, setting her down on the floor, taking care to make sure the teen's feet touched it first.
"I will, uh, thanks," stammered Mindy. "By the way, how much lifting do you guys do? You all just carried a bunch of full-grown adults like it was nothing."
The brunette grinned slyly at her. "That's because it was nothing. Our Goddess gives us a strength unlike any other in the world."
"I'm sure She does," said Mindy. "But seriously, can you explain how you—"
"Mindy," scolded Erin, who was sitting up to her shoulders in the water, "if the nice lady is strong enough to carry you, she's strong enough to pound you into sand. Don't get on her case."
"Uh...okay."
Mindy took her seat down on the floor while the rest of the girls settled down in the refreshing water. They all sat on one end of the bath and looked intently at Celeste and Carol, who were perched on the other end. The priestess' legs were spread wide, allowing the mother to fall neatly between them, and her fingers were digging hungrily into her boobs.
"Children and wives alike," she said, rubbing her breasts deeply and soothingly against the back of Carol's head, ruffling her hair affectionately, and using her nipples to tickle the mother's ears, "here before us is our latest love, come to pledge her body and her soul and her heart eternally to our beloved Goddess, Zenriah. She has read our sacred Scripture and awakened the flame in her soul," she paused as she took a moment to press a finger into one of Carol's hardened little nubs. "Indeed, she has awakened averystrong flame within her. The likes of which I don't think I have ever witnessed in a dormant childe."
"A strong flame?" said Carol. "In me? What do you mean by that?"
"Indeed, a very strong flame," continued Celeste, talking as if she didn't hear a word Carol said. "A flame that is too strong for her. She has agreed to join our faith. She has passed our tests and completed the...paperwork that this still mostly blind nation demands of us. But she cannot wait. Her time to join with the Goddess is now and can only be now. So it is imperative we do everything in our power to accelerate her full awakening. Starting with her Marking."
A shadow fell over the group as a new figure entered the grotto. It was another naked woman, the one who had earlier parked Henrietta's car. She carried a narrow and ornate box in her hands, which she placed down on the floor at the edge of the bath, right behind Celeste.
"Normally, it takes weeks for the bureaucrats to get their precious 'databases' and 'registries' completed," said Celeste with a contemptuous roll of her eyes. "But we Zenrists can help move things along if we pull the right strings. But more important than that is the subject of your mark, Caroline. By wearing our Goddess' sacred Sigil on your flesh, you will let everyone know that you are a Lover of Zenriah and thus worthy of protection by the laws of these lands. You may be nude where no others can bare their forms, and you may be expressive of your sexuality when others have not the freedom to orgasm. No enforcer of the law may detain you, no jury may convict you, and no judge may sentence you. You will attain the bodily freedom your soul desires."
Nervously, Carol chewed her lip and curled her toes underneath the water. This was it. This was going to be the moment where her life as a permanent nudist would begin. It was something she always fantasized about. She remembered waking up every morning as a child to get dressed for school wishing she could just go naked. As a teenager and college student, she remembered taking every opportunity she could find to indulge in her love of nudity and seeing how long she could keep her streaks going. As a soon-to-be mother, she remembered falling into bouts of depression when she couldn't even roam around the house the way she wanted to for the sake of both her children and her husband. But now, those days were over. Carol was not only going to have the freedom to be as naked as she liked at home, she was now going to have the freedom to be as naked as she likedeverywhere. At all times, at all hours, in all places. Forever. It was everything she ever wanted, and now that it was so close to her, in breathing distance, she...she couldn't help but feel more than a little frightened. That it wasn't real, that it was too good to be true, and that something, anything, would swoop in at any moment and once again rob her of the eternally nude existence she hungered for. Water rippled all around her, emanating most strongly around her breasts, which shook like gelatin while she shivered.
Please, don't anyone take this away from me.
"There is nothing and no one that will take your nudity from you," Celeste said, whispering seductively into Carol's ear. "It's already yours."
"Ahhh...ohhhh." The scarlet-haired woman ran a long, sensual tongue up the length of Carol's earlobe, sending more shivers, these ones of a more pleasurable nature, up the mother's spine. And just like that, she felt herself go limp, relaxed, knowing that everything was fine. Everything was safe. And that no one would hurt her or take away her sacred nudity.
"It is time," said the priestess. "Maisie, will you do the honors?"
"Yes, my love," said the blonde with a polite bow of her head. She swam to the pair of naked women as Celeste pulled herself away from Carol's relaxed form and leaned it against the wall of the bath. Without exiting the water, Maisie opened the box that had been deposited and withdrew from it two items: a vial sloshing with pitch-black ink, and a long, thin needle that looked like it had been carved from bone. "It's only fitting...that as the one to introduce the Sigil to you, that I also be the one to put it on you."
"Uh, is that what you're going to use to tattoo Mom with?" said Erin.
Maisie nodded. "The very same."
"Is it...safe?"
"Of course it's safe!" huffed Maisie, her eyes flashing an offended shade of blue at the girl. "I got my Sigil with this needle, as did Jessie here, and Mona, and..."
"It is perfectly safe, childe" said Celeste. "The tools we use are kept sterile and clean. We do not wish to expose our wives to harm. Not that it truly matters, for whatever diseases we would catch from infected blood would be...eradicated by our blessed forms. You would be amazed at how powerful a Zenrist's body truly is."
"Um...y...yeah," the teen murmured, looking away with a blush on her cheeks, as well as on the rest of her body.
"That thing looks archaic," said Katherine. "Like something you would see in a museum."
"We based it off a tool that the Maori tribes of old utilized," said Celeste. "Though this is a new tradition to our faith, we rather like to do things the old way. Marking the body with ancient methods helps to remind us of our faith's ancient roots. But we've tarried enough. Caroline, where on your body would you like your Sigil to be presented?"
"I have a choice?' asked the mother.
Celeste nodded. "You do. Maisie bears her mark on her breast. Mine hovers above my womanhood. Jessica's is on her shoulder. Mona's is on her arm, and her Sigil is tucked away in her inner thigh. It does not matter where you are marked; just as long as it's something you're comfortable presenting. It is, after all, proof that you are one of us."
"Something I'm comfortable presenting," Carol hummed as she looked down. Where would she want to put her Sigil? On her arm? That would be safe, though perhaps a tad boring. Above her butt? That was a lot more daring, but that seemed more suitable for a girl her daughters' age. Her thigh? Tempting...but having to spread her legs out just to prove she was a Zenrist could get uncomfortable in a tightly-packed setting like a bus or a plane or something. Her breast...yes, that wouldn't be bad. Carol liked to think her breasts were her best features, and if she was going to be naked all the time, they would definitely be where most people looked first. And she found the idea that everyone would immediately know that she was a proud worshipper of Zenriah quite...tantalizing. "Put it on my breast. My left one, right...here." She patted the center of her boob, very close to where her nipple was jutting out in all its crimson glory. With luck, maybe the Sigil would entwine itself around it.
"As you wish," said Celeste, and she scooted away from the nudist mother to stand in front of her in the water. "I can tell you have not yet had a tattoo, so I must warn you, this will no doubt be a...discomforting, if not painful experience. However, we have, in abundant supply in this sacred place, the greatest anesthetic on the planet." She pulled forward, grabbed Carol by the head and kissed her on the lips. "Orgasmic pleasure."
In a flash, the priestess' whole body was under the water and her head was pushing its way in between Carol's legs. "Celeste? What are you—huh-hah!"
Celeste's lips were pressing up against Carol's crotch. She could feel them on either side of her vulva. She planted a kiss on them. Then she planted a kiss on the right. And then on the left. Then she pressed her face ever deeper into Carol's form, tickled her skin lightly with her nose, kissed the velvety flesh inside again. And then she began to lick.
"Oh Goddess!" Carol grunted as Celeste ran light, delicate circles within her opening with her tongue. Her every muscle tightened and her inner core pulsed with anticipation, pumping itself more deeply against the priestess' face for but an instant. Then Celeste thrust her tongue directly inside of her. "Oh Goddess!"
The Zenrist priestess lapped fiercely at the mother's sex. Flicking her clitoris, massaging her folds, blowing bubbles of hot breath across every inch of pink flesh. She didn't bother even teasing Carol or working her up to a sweat gradually; she just went all in, assaulting every flickering petal, every pulsating muscle, every flaring nerve with her tongue and her teeth and her lips.
Carol had a distinct feeling that something tiny, thin, and sharp was jabbing into her breast, pecking into it like a bird hungry for her soft, pillowy girl flesh. It hurt, it stung, and it bled as she expected it would, but whatever pain Carol experienced up above was drowned out by the sheer explosion of ecstasy she was feeling down below.
"Goddess! Goddess! Go-HAAAAA-deeeessssss!"
Her back and her butt cheeks slammed into the wall behind her as she recoiled from her orgasm. It thrust out of her hard and fast in one, two, three waves, each more stronger than the last. Had she been sitting on dry land, she most certainly would have squirted and gotten somebody wet with her juices. But she was not on land. She was nearly chest-deep in water that was splashing and rippling all around her, and the only person who she could have gotten wet was completely submerged. And still licking her drenched and throbbing pussy!
Celeste hadn't left, even while Carol came directly into her mouth and all over face. She was still licking, still lapping, and still devouring the mother's blossoming flower. The priestess pushed Carol's legs further apart, pushed herself even deeper into her widening cavern, and nuzzled her face back and forth and up and down against the exposed velvet.
"Goddess!" Carol grunted, pushing her breath out between her clenched teeth. She could feel the priestess' whole face in her vagina, feel her every individual queenly feature. The oval of her brow, the bones in her cheeks, the point of her nose, the softness of her lips, every one of them pressing and rubbing and massaging into every contour of her womanly core. She was caressing her insides, rubbing them, pushing herself against them, almost as if she was trying to shove her whole body inside Carol! And with how her muscles were squeezing and squelching all around Celeste, eagerly, hungrily, it honestly felt like they were responding in kind, pulling her in! "GODDESS!"
She was going to cum again!
"Quick! Restrain her!" someone called out. Water splashed loudly and furiously. Strong arms on either side of Carol seized her legs and stretched them out, hoisting them above the water. She tried to kick them, to close them, to fold her knees, to dosomethingwith all the energy that was about to come out of her. They wouldn't budge. The Zenrists who grabbed hold of them made sure of that, and their grips were strong as iron.
"OH! OH! OH...OHHHHH-AHH!" she screamed as the next orgasm ripped out of her. Her back crashed against the wall, a spasm of pain rippled up her spine, her right breast bounced so high up, it very nearly smacked her in the face. But Carol remained where she sat, thrashing helplessly in the water while the girls splayed her legs, while Maisie continued to stab her, and while Celeste burrowed even deeper into the pulsating insides of Carol's vagina.
And now her lips were completely entwined around Carol's clit!
"GRRR! RRRGGHHHH! GAHHHHH!" She could no longer speak clearly. She could no longer think. Not with the unending storm tearing its way into her loins. Celeste suckled on her clitoris, rolled her tongue round its whole circumference, and exhaled even more hot bubbles upon its surface. Carol's whole pussy was on fire, even while it buckled around underwater, and the flames were clawing their way up her vertebrae, down her toes, through her nipples. Or was that from the girls now sucking on those as well? She didn't know. She didn't even know when the girl on her right tit had even appeared. All she knew was that she was gonna...she was gonna...
"WAAAHHHGGGGG!"
She came again, blasting her juices all over Celeste's face, up her nostrils, into her mouth, filling her senses with the sweet taste of Carol's essence. But the priestess did not stop, did not back off, did not slow down. She only continued to suckle, continued to lick, swallowing away Carol clitoris, Carol's juices, Carol's walls, Carol's whole core, swallow it all and take everything for herself!
"AAHHHHHH!"
So Carol came again. And again. And again! Nerves tingled all over her. Muscles throbbed within. Her back screamed, her toes curled, her fingers clenched, and her lungs ached from her constant howling. Every part of Carol's body cried out for release from the unending onslaught of ecstasy that would not stop, that would not end, that threatened to choke her, that threatened to burn her to a crisp, that threatened to reduce her to a husk, that threatened to...to...
"And...it's done," Maisie panted, all but dropping the needle back into the box. Her skin was flushed and her breaths were as swift as they were deep, almost as if she felt every tingle, every lick, and every gush that Carol had just experienced.
And just like that, everything stopped. The nudist mother's legs fell into the water with a sploosh. The Zenrists gathered around her pulled back. The flame erupting in her core died so sharply, so suddenly, it nearly drove the air out of her lungs. And with it, so did the almost unbearable tingling. And Celeste finally rose out of the water like the goddess Venus herself, her scarlet hair clinging wetly to her form like a burning cascade of lava.
"Uhhhhhh," Carol moaned as she fell limp. She felt completely drained all over, like she had just run a 100-mile marathon. She ached everywhere, in her back, in her neck, in her throat, in her legs, and especially in her crotch. Her entire pussy was sore, from the tip of her likely very bruised and very battered clitoris all the way down to her exhausted and gasping cervix.
I don't think...I'll ever be able to have sex...ever again...after this, she mentally groaned. This was, without a doubt, the most intense sex she ever experienced in her entire life. And it came on the heels of an already long and intense threesome she had engaged in just hours before. Carol likely had more sex in this one day than most people had in an entire year. And she was expected to devote her entire life to sex?No more. I don't need...anymore. The Goddess will understand...she must...I just...want to...sleeeeep...
Her eyelids started to droop, but a sudden clap in her ear roused her awake. "Hey, don't fall asleep on us now," said Maisie in her usual chip tone. "Don't you want to see your Sigil?"
Her Sigil? Her Sigil. Yes, Carol did want to see it. Even in her exhaustion, she wanted to see the sacred symbol of her Goddess, the sacred symbol that marked the mother as Hers. That would allow her to live the clothing-free life she so desperately yearned for. Carol glanced down at her left breast, which she now realized was stinging with the pain of a thousand needles. There was blood dripping down the orb. That much was to be expected. But even in that smear of crimson, she could make out the inky blackness of the Goddess' symbol etched into her. It burned darkly on her alabaster skin, rippling gently upon the soft flesh as the woman drew in her breaths. And just as she wanted, she could see the stem and leaves of the Sigil's vaguely floral shape curve gently around her nipple, forever marking her embrace of Zenriah on that most sacred part of her anatomy.
"Is it...is it done? Am I...a full Zenrist now?" she asked.
"Oh no," Celeste replied, shaking her head with an almost mischievous giggle. "You are not done yet. You may bear our Goddess' symbol now and you may have earned the right to bear your natural state to the public, but you are still human, mostly. To become a Zenrist, you must do more than pledge your devotion to the faith. To become a Zenrist, you must undergo a transformation, one that will change the very nature of your being, of your existence. You must undergo the most sacred ritual of all: the Rite of Rebirth."
"The Rite...of Rebirth?" said Carol. "What is that?"
"A special ceremony that, in normal circumstances, would need to be carefully scheduled and arranged. But these are not normal circumstances, and you, childe, are not of this city. Hmmm." Celeste put a finger to her lip as she mulled something over in her head. "Indeed, your city knows little of our ways and of our lifestyle. So much so that you may face certain...trials coming to it as you are. Yes. We will need to do something about that. Something special, something monumental to let all in your city know what our creed is and what it entails."
"What do you mean? What are you talking about?" said Carol.
But the priestess only smiled cryptically at her. "You will see soon, childe. Very soon. Just know that tomorrow you will experience a truly spectacular Rebirth." Rising up from the water, Celeste swept her gaze around the grotto to lock her eyes onto every Zenrist present. "My loves, we have a sacred task ahead of us, and I will need every faithful hand I can get. Can I count on your assistance?"
"Of course," said Maisie, who was followed by a chorus of similar assents. "What is it you want done?"
"Nothing less than to relay a message to the people of Beringall," said Celeste as she marched out of the pool like she was on a mission, water dripping down her luxurious form. "That Zenriah is coming to lay claim to their city, and there is nothing in this world and no one on this earth who can stop Her." She did not bother drying off as she exited the Grotto. Neither did her adherents, who all followed behind her, swaying their shiny wet rears every step of the way. All completely naked, as they were eternally sworn to be.
"As you wish," said the other Zenrists. And just like that, they were all gone, leaving Carol alone with her two daughters and her two girlfriends.
A silence fell over the group as they digested what they had all just witnessed. Carol earned her legal right to be nude all the time. She was never going to wear clothing again. Every part of her, no matter how intimate, no matter how taboo, would be out and exposed for all to see. Every shifting muscle, every bobbing breast, every hardened nipple, every spreading butt cheek, every droplet of sweet womanly essence falling from her vagina would be in full view now, and no one, not one soul, wouldeverbe able to cover so much as an inch of it. It...it was a lot to take in.
"So, it's finally happened," said Henrietta. "You're naked forever now. How does it feel, Carol?"
"It's...overwhelming," the now permanent nudist uttered. "I...honestly can't believe it's actually real."
"I sure hope it is," said Katherine, who took that moment to swim to Carol's side and embrace her. "Because I like looking at you naked. And I know how important it is for you."
She laid a gentle kiss on Carol's cheek, causing the older woman to turn red all over. She reddened even more when Henrietta did the same, sneaking in from the other side to give her a similar kiss. "As do I. I'm glad you actually did this."
Carol smiled shyly, feeling like a love-struck teenage girl again. "Thanks guys. You have...you have no idea how precious this truly is." Letting her smile drop, she then turned her attention to Erin, who had been oddly quiet for some time. "And what do you think? Are you...okay with this?"
"It...it's fine. I'm...glad you're happy, Mom," said the teen. She did not return her mother's gaze. For a moment, Carol wondered if she really was in another one of her sulky moods, but that wasn't the case. The girl looked pensive and melancholy, like she wasn't fully there and had a lot on her mind. The nudist really wished Erin would open up to her already...but then again, what could she say right now? Carol wasn't feeling fully there herself. Whatever was bothering her daughter would have to wait for now, at least until she was able to clear her head.
"And what about you?" Carol continued, turning her attention to the last person in the Grotto. "What do you think, Min...dy?"
Mindy didn't answer her. She didn't say anything. She didn't even look like she was paying attention. And as all eyes turned to her, everyone could see why. Her shirt was off, her shorts were down to her ankles, and her bra was partially undone. One hand was cupping the exposed breast, squeezing it, making the already hardened nipple protrude even more sharply out in Carol's direction. And the other was slipped under her panties, rubbing delicate, moist circles around the lovely treasure underneath.
"Uh, Mindy?" said Carol.
"Huh, wha?" Mindy mumbled dumbly, shaking herself awake like a sleepy student who just got asked a question in class. She stared directly at her mother, sitting wet and naked in the pool, sporting a new tattoo over one quivering breast. Then she looked at all the other women present. At her Aunt Henrietta, at the young black woman she didn't know too well, at her twin sister. She took in their stunned expressions, followed their wide-eyed gazes to her own body, saw the state of undress she was in, the position of her hands, the hardness of her tit, the wetness of her panties...and realized just what she had been doing in front of them all. "Ah-AH-AHHHHHH!"
No one said a word as they watched the teenager scramble out of the Grotto, hopping about clumsily as she struggled to pull her pants back on. They didn't need to. Because as embarrassed as she was, she still answered her Carol's question. Mindy approved of her mother's eternal nudity. And it looked like she too had fallen under the Zenrist spell.