LINGERIE MODEL PT.02
Jennifer's business meeting was going to plan. Her new lingerie model Lauren sat up super straight, long legs crossed, slightly grinding her plugged ass on the studio couch's leather seat. Dressed in a sheer blouse, her pierced nipples were displayed in one of Jennifer's black demi-bras. She was wearing a black wetlook spank skirt also designed by Jennifer.
Jennifer handed Lauren a fresh glass of champagne and noted that her future doll's eyes were still glassy and half lidded from the doctor's formula. "Little bitch will be high and horny for good now." she thought while she reached over and picked up a three-page document.
"Oh, Lauren, it's so great to have you as our model! You're really a natural! Such a pro, too, with more of that sexy show in the shop just now, you're gonna burn up our catalogue. Let's add that cosplay O face thing, ok? Sooo hot, we'll have to start designing a cosplay line for you. Latex, I guess, with all that drooling? Such a good actress!"
Lauren just laughed and drank. It was obvious to Jennifer that her little slut had no idea what an ahegao face was, so it was indeed the orgasmic reflex her doctor husband was hoping for.
"So, I think you'll find your new earnings very interesting. For starters, you'll receive a $600,000 signing fee, the same amount in annual salary, not counting tips, royalties on any pictorials or videos used to promote the line. In addition we'll provide a free apartment within the Porter club, including personal staff."
"Ohh, wow, I'm floored! I'm not exactly thinking straight, but I have to say that sitting here while that silly plug works my ass, well, I have to say yes! Yes! Let's see what the good doctor thinks and I hope I can finally be the Glamour model I've always wanted to be!"
"That's perfect, Lauren. Listen, if you're already pretty sure, we can get started right now so you can do the exam this evening, ok? The doctor will discuss the modification options with you and get you prepped accordingly, K?
Here's to you, Lingerie Goddess, one perfect babe to rule them all!"
"Lemme just text my husband and see when he'll show up." said Jenn picking up her phone across the room.
Her quick text read: "She's prepped and very ready."
"Doc's just a block away, Lauren. Control yourself, he's a magnificent man, my doctor, so don't jump him right away!"
By the time they had finished another bottle, there was a knock on the door and in stepped the tall, strikingly handsome Dr. Helison. He kissed his wife and turned a beaming smile to Lauren as he took her hand. She didn't really hear a word of his polite introduction through the swoon of intense sexual attraction that surged from their warm handshake straight to her clit. Her ass sucked the jewelplug in time with the little contractions of her pussy. Wow! She was just staring into his blue eyes like a crushing schoolgirl, a totally slutty schoolgirl.
"So, Lauren," she heard his voice come through her high. "I understand we're already on our way to a new you. I truly love working with beautiful women from the world of haute couture. Now, let's have a closer look at you so we can discuss the possibilities. Just stand up if you would and I'll do the exam right here on Jennifer's work table, ok?"
"Oh wow! I like a man who takes charge!" Lauren giggled with her finger to her mouth.
Jennifer draped some black satin fabric over the worktable with a few pillows and Lauren slinked onto it. Her arms above her head, hair spread out, legs slightly apart, she arched her back slightly and cooed, "I'm ready doctor. Treat me."
'Treat you like the whore you'll be!', he thought as his cock grew rock hard.
"Yes, Oh Jennifer, could you place a pillow under her hips so that we can start with a pelvic exam....Oh excellent! I see you've done a little probing yourself, Lauren."
She smiled and spread her legs wide while Jennifer slid the pillow under her ass. The doctor grasped the jeweled head of the butt plug and worked it in and out a little. Just a few times made her explode in a full body orgasm. She was still contracting as he pulled it out completely and admired the slick anal gape that twitched along with her cunt. Her asshole slowly closed and drooled a little lube as she settled back down.
"Impressively responsive! You're obviously metabolizing the drugs perfectly. I think we can consider you very ready. We'll just draw a little blood now for the overnight catalyst production. Then we can start tomorrow's procedures without a need for a complete orifice exam now.'
"But doctor, now I'm sooo .. uhm..empty." she said reaching down to spread her cunt open and slip in her fingers, "Don't you need to examine my pussy, or my ass, mouth, or breasts? Whatever you need to do to me, please...You can do anything you want to me, I mean examine anything you want."
She was lost in her own show, caressing herself in display, offering herself, modeling at a whole new level.
She gasped as the doctor suddenly thrust four fingers up her dripping cunt and held her in a grip with his thumb clamped on her clit. "No," he said in a firm professional tone while his grasp pinned her down. Her thrill was heightened by Jennifer sliding a syringe into Lauren's arm and quickly collecting blood.
"Tomorrow. It's best now that your system builds up receptiveness through anticipation. Now turn over and we'll administer another pink dose, would you like that?"
Lauren rolled over right away.
"Yes, please! I love your medicine doctor! It's the best! Can I have it through my pretty plug again? It's sooo cool, here, gimme."
He fed her mouth the plug, which she covered in drool. She unscrewed the ruby and handed the plunger shaft to Jennifer. "uhn..yeah..' she pushed the hollow tunnel plug right back up her ass. Face down, ass up,
"Ready for your treatment doctor! So ready! Do me!"
"I think an increased dose, Jennifer. Please load it with eight gel caps. Very good, now in goes the pretty plunger, like so..."
"Ahhh! Yes, they're pushing deep, doctor, such a kinky feeling,...oh,, I lov...love it....OHH! Cumming!, C-ccum, ahhh, ohh!.."
The drugs absorbed into her bloodstream quickly. Lauren was writhing in ecstasy, running her hands all over her tits, shoving her fingers fast and deep in her gushing cunt. Turning on her back, her face was a mask of orgasmic bliss, eyes rolled back, tongue lapping and drooling.
After a few minutes of that overwhelming high and she settled into a barely conscious bliss, a moaning hot mess of pussy juice and drool.
"Perfect!" Dr Helison embraced his wife. They were both definitely turned on, but remained focused on the next steps.
"If you'll please help me move her to the vinyl gyno chair behind that curtain. Use the leather restraints on the arms, legs in the stirrups, and midriff I think, to keep her out of mischief tonight. I'll get started processing the serum match at the home lab and we will start first thing in the morning."
Jennifer pinned her down after they got her settled. The doctor left his wife to play dress up with her new model. She stripped the limp moaning slut and picked out one of her kinkiest designs.
The next day:
Certainly, Lauren in her right mind would be outraged to wake up strapped to a gyno chair in a super tight harness corset, a ball gag in her mouth, a plug in her ass and a thick dildo in her pussy. But all she felt was drugged euphoria and delicious anticipation. As soon as she awoke, Jenn walked in.
"Good morning gorgeous! You're absolutely glowing! I'm so sorry about the restraints, but you know, doctor's orders and all. I just want this to go perfectly for you, ok? I'll leave you in his care. I need to get right back to designing new outfits just for you, my starlet. Now, let's bring in my hubby the genius!"
Lauren just nodded and sighed as she drooled over the ballgag. Standing next to her head was the shop assistant Cheri dressed in a perfectly fashioned latex 'nurse' outfit.
"Oh my God, Lauren, I'm so happy to see you here! It's sooo fun, I am totally going to like, take care of you and Doctor, too. I mean, sometimes I help with everything, kinda like my fluffer job when I'm not at the shop. And Jenny said maybe we could like work together on the catalogue shoot and stuff!"
Her bimbo tailspin was cut short by Dr.Helison's entrance.
"Good morning, ladies, you're both so lovely this morning. Lauren you look absolutely radiant, so I trust your night past pleasantly. The lab work has been completed and the catalyst is perfectly matched to your own genetic profile. The exciting aspect for both of us is that the catalyst I created from your blood sample in the lab last night is definitely potent. I'll be applying it directly onto your breasts to enlarge them as we discussed."
Lauren's eyes went wide and she nodded vigorously trying to moan "yesss, please!.. through the gag.
"Oh goody!" chirped Cheri, "Yay!! You're gonna luv this, Laurie, Doc does it so goood, he really is so, like, potented, and cummy yummy!"
Cheri's hands were all over her own bimbo tits as her bimbo mouth gushed encouragement like a cheerleading pornstar.
"Yes, Nurse Cheri, indeed. Now Lauren, we haven't discussed the other enhancements required in the contract you signed last night. For effective marketing of The Brand, I'll also be working on your lips, mouth, throat, eyes, and of course, your vagina and anus."
Lauren looked a bit confused and mumbled something, but she really didn't understand much of what the doctor said except the bigger tits part. What was the contract he was going on about?
Her fuzzy thoughts were reduced to drooling lust when she saw Dr.Helison open his white lab coat. Her wide eyes scanned down from his handsome face, across his broad naked chest, his chiseled abs, down to the most beautifully huge and hard cock she had ever seen. It had at least a nine-inch very thick, pulsing shaft. It arched proudly against his abs, the bulbous head already leaking a clear stream of pre-cum.
Both women stared at the hypnotizing sight. Dr.Helison was himself pleased and excited by their animal response. In the last five years he had developed a series of male enhancement treatments for himself, to Jennifer's great delight. His cock really was like a huge flesh piston, a magnificent cum pump that delivered it hot and deep. It was like a throbbing marble column on the pedestal of two spherical testicles the size of oranges. The doctor's genitals had become a living fuck machine capable of constant erection and endless, copious loads of hot jizz.
Dr. Helison smiled and languidly stroked the pre-cum over his shaft.
"You see, Lauren, last night I extracted what I needed from your fresh blood, combined it in a gel cap with a serum of my own design, and 'plugged' it myself, just like you do your favorite pink caps. It's the best delivery system, don't you agree? Right to the desired body parts, in fact."
"Now, I'm going to inject the transforming catalyst which is now my own hot cum, my seed for your growth! We'll start with your mouth first, ok? Functionally, the direct exposure to my modified sperm will eliminate any gag reflex so that you can deep throat any cock with added clitoral type sensitivity. That is, your lips, mouth and throat will lubricate and orgasm much like your pussy in a rippling sucking pulse."
"Nurse Cheri, please tilt the chair and headrest so that Lauren's head hangs straight down over the top of the chair. Remove the ball gag. Perfect, now purse your lips, Lauren, as I rub some pre-cum over them and let's observe the reaction."
He held his huge erection inches from Lauren's upside down mouth. The doctor's huge rigid cock looked even more enormous right in her tilted face. She saw the beautiful bulbous head dripping pulses of glistening pre-cum. He pulled it down to her pout and rubbed it across and around her red lips. She felt sooo wonderful, her lips opened, her tongue so eager.
"Yes, Lauren, that's it, lick my cock head, taste the stream of pre-cum. It's delicious isn't it? Matched perfectly to your receptors. As I fuck your mouth and throat, every aspect of this orifice will transform."
The Doctor continued to tease her lips as she lapped hungrily, trying desperately to get his ten-inch cock into her mouth. While she worked herself up, he explained further.
"Feel it? Feel my slick secretions already entering your bloodstream? I can see your pussy gripping the dildo harder. Now, as I throat fuck you Lauren, you'll find that you have no gag reflex, you'll be able to take my ten inches all the way to my balls..that's right, I'm pushing in now, yes, good, suck in the fat head with your lips! "
"Ahh, yes, good girl, now relax your head back just a little more as I slide my cock all the way. Fuck yes, Lauren, that's so good! Now I'm just going thrust it in and out a tiny bit while you work your throat over my hard shaft by sucking, yess! Very good! Let your throat ripple over my cock just like your pussy and ass are pulsing over those dildos! Little waves of orgasm, right Lauren? "
Lauren writhed in ecstasy, pulling at her restraints, feeling his cock swell even harder in her suckling throat.
"Now, I'm going to throat fuck you hard and when I cum and you swallow every drop, you'll cum hard with me. By then my semen will have transformed your mouth and throat into a perfect fuck hole!"
He immediately started throat fucking her with full hard strokes that she took like she was starving. Her lips, tongue, and throat sucked and gripped in time with her other rippling holes. Sweet hot pre-cum lubed her throat, hitting her mind like a magic liquor. Her drooling spit pushed out the edges of the cock, streaming over his huge balls slapping in her face. Her eyes blinked blindly under a slobbery river of dripping slime. The only sounds were sloshing, gagging, moaning and grunting. The doctor grabbed both sides of her head and pounded her throat balls deep.
The doctor shouted, "Yes!, Yes! That's perfect! You're responding perfectly, so tight, so eager! Now swallow it down, Lauren, AHHH! Yes, I'm cumming hard!"
Lauren felt his cock surge and pulse as jet after jet of heavenly jizz pumped down her throat. She was drowning in lust, coming so hard herself as he shot an endless load. Her plumped lips, her stronger tongue, and deep throat were each and together sending her orgasms like connected oral G-spots. Her lengthened tongue wrung his shaft like a snake, her puffy lips made a strong tight fuck hole and her throat suckled him like a milking machine.
Cummy spit spurted out of the sides of her mouth, covering her face. He pumped the last of it with a savage stroke and pulled out, leaving Lauren gasping and drooling a hot mess over her upside down face and unto the floor. She lolled her head back and forth, gurgling and moaning. He eyes were crossed behind the jizz blur. She rolled them wide open because the cum felt good, none of the typical sting. The engineered cum enlarged her irises to a doll like size, glassy bright blue, with pinhole pupils.
"Yess,Yess,Yes..." she gurgled deliriously.
"Perfect response!" announced the doctor as Cheri eagerly cleaned his slightly deflated cock in her own fucktoy mouth.
"Thank you, Cheri, bring her head up and now tilt Lauren into a recline. Good, now Lauren, we are going to observe for a moment to see how this step has effected you before we work on your breasts, ok?"
Lauren blinked, smiled and managed to slur a few words through the cum that still filled her mouth, "Ohh, gosh Doctor, I feel wonderful! I've never loved sucking cock sooo much!!"
"Yes, well I can see that, Lauren. Even now I can see your beautiful lips take on new fullness. Perfectly enticing, but not total bimbo lips like our dear Cheri here. Very nice, and your throat really felt amazing! Super tight, with excellent suction, and no gagging!"
"Ok, I think we're ready for the next step. Cheri, please scoop up the dripping cum from Lauren's face and apply it generously between her perky breasts. Lauren, we are going to release your hands so that you can push your breasts together as I fuck them, ok? The cum that Cheri applies will start to make them swell a bit. When I shoot a fresh load of hot semen all over them, I want you to rub it into your breasts so they grow fuller in reaction to my sperm. By my calculations, we're aiming for a very firm, high riding, D cup. A little classier than Cheri's huge double-Ds, but certainly perfect and irresistible orbs!"
"Yes, Doctor, please fuck my titties, I need them big and Glam!"
With that the doctor straddled Lauren's chest with his knees on the vinyl and pulled down his now fully engorged cock as Lauren squeezed together her naked cummy breasts. They all moaned as he pushed his fat cockhead into this beautiful valley of slick tit flesh. He began thrusting hard and fast, his super long cock easily reaching into Lauren's new fuck mouth a good two inches with each stroke. He and Lauren could both feel her round tits swell as he stroked.
The exquisite feel of her long tongue flicking his cock head and his big balls getting teased by the top corset edge had him reaching orgasm in just a few minutes.
"Now! Hold them up for me, pinch your hard nipples, here comes my hot jizz! Ahh, yeah, yeah!"
He stroked his cock hard, aiming cum ropes over her glossy breasts. Lauren came with him, frantically rubbing his hot seed all over her mounds. She could feel and see her tits swelling more as her nipples responded with a clitty pleasure.
"Oh, give it to me! Yes! Like that, yes, more, more,...sooo good! Ahh, Oh, you fucking stud, you're really giving me big glamour titties! gimme more, mmmm..so good!"
The doctor squeezed out his last spurt onto her chest and stumbled off the chair, watching in delight as Lauren orgasmed while her perfect breasts swelled into full bolt-ons. Her silver dollar areolae domed out further, tipped with super erect inch long nipples.
Lauren slowed her caresses as she swooned from this new kind of titty orgasm.
Her peak was signaled again by her crossed eyes and flexing, searching tongue reaching her cupped nips.
Cheri leaned down and frenched Lauren's soppy mouth in her own excitement. They kissed deeply as Cheri's hands took over rubbing in the doctor's transforming cum.
He enjoyed watching their passion and felt his erection soon raging for another insemination. Standing between Lauren's legs, he swiveled the stirrups to completely spread eagle her toned thighs.
While she was lost in Cheri's ravenous kisses, it was very easy to guide Lauren's limp arms back into the straps.
Standing between her legs, he carefully unscrewed the ruby plunger from the tunnel plug in that sweet humping ass. He attached a full enema syringe to a slender clear hose and plunged until the spunky formula spurted a glop. Then he slid the hose tip a few inches into the perfectly sized hollow plug.
Primed and ready, thumb on the plunger, he commanded, "Nurse Cindi! A little help here, please.'
"Oh gosh, yes, Doctor, I mean, how can I serve?"
"Please raise the back of the chair, so that Lauren can observe the exquisite transformation of her shithole into her third completely sexual orifice. Good, thank you, nurse Cheri."
Lauren came around to semi-focus on the strange view between her thighs. Dr Helison's eyes were gleaming with lust and purpose. His erect penis urgent to mate again, the strange syringe in his hands somehow running into her ass, the fat dildo still wedged in her cunt. There was no understanding the primal ritual taking her down a spiral of heavenly submission.
Suddenly she felt a euphoric rush as he injected dosed spunk through the plug to lube her ass.
The doctor let her mind slide into the drugs. She let out a slight whimper as he pulled out her butt plug. He quickly lodged his fat dickhead into her gushing gape. His tip was lodged in her slick hole without a fight where he held it for just a second. Dr. Helison took on a crazed look. He actually roared as he stretched her ass with one long thrust balls deep, his fists gripping her hips. Lauren didn't hear him over her own screams of pleasure.
She writhed in a seizure of bliss, panting like a bitch in heat, while he jackhammered her tight undulating anus. His urge to inseminate took him over the edge quickly. He came in jetting loads that immediately turned her rectum into a spiral of erogenous triggers, some sort of enhanced clitty ass tunnel.
Jet after jet reduced Lauren to a barely conscious fucktoy. Her eyes were glossy slits; she was completely cum glazed head to ass.
After a last sperm shot, the doctor pulled out and staggered back.
"Nurse Cheri! Put the no. 6 butt plug in her gape immediately! We want her to fully absorb the catalyst."
Cheri took it from the tray and wedged the huge plug up Lauren's gushing hole. Blitzed by her own lust, she giggled and grabbed his half hard cock. She played with it like a long silicone dildo, slapping and rubbing it in the slop covering Lauren's crotch.
"Oh yay!. So hot and yummy cummy! Are you gonna fuck her cunny now, Sir?! I wanna see..I wanna See! Do her hard and finish her off! She's gonna be our supermodel slut, right? All glossy like!"
With a slightly maniacal laugh, Dr Helison admired his work.
"Ha, I'm afraid our fashion model here is internally processing a complete mindfuck. I want her aware enough to appreciate my last injection into her vagina. She must feel her mind and body completely rebuilt by lust, forever obedient to a consuming sex drive. So, perfect!"
"This is soo hot! Thank you for letting me help be nursy, sir... Oh, ya know what? I could
be like your fluffer while she's, like spacey and stuff, right?"
Dr. Helison's own libido was still on high. He really enjoyed Cindi's expert cocksucking while she earnestly stared up with her pin dot blue Barbie eyes.
"Oh Doctor! I think you're definitely like so much bigger after you fucked her ass! Your shaft thingie is just so rock hard and thick, lookie? Please fuck her cunt! I wanna see! I wanna suck your fresh cum when you're all done,k? Please?"
"I agree, Nurse. I think we should finish up here so that she'll be ready for a rigorous workload as soon as possible. Hand me that vial of opalescent formula and we'll see if we can rouse sleeping beauty here."
"Opie lessons, wha?" bubbled Cheri.
"The white one, Nurse, please!"
"Here ya go! Spank me later, Doc, for being such a ditz, promise?"
"Of course, nurse. Now remove the dildo from Lauren's pussy, yes, good. It's dripping nicely. Probably responding to the contractions of her assgasms. Hmmm, we just need a simple stimulant here. Skip the vial and let's just go with traditional pure cocaine to bump her up. Her ass is quite full, nasal is no good, so let's go for an intravenous drip."
"Initiate with an agggresive drip rate and then keep it flowing in a wavelike dose so she will ride the peaks. Fifteen per cent solution."
Dr. Helison pulled his muscled erection down and positioned it just inside Lauren's glistening cuntlips. Cindi quickly inserted the IV in Lauren's strapped arm. She turned on the drip and they both watched as Lauren gasped with pleasure and opened her eyes wide with an immediate focus on the doctor's huge cockhead probing her cunt.
She started humping her slit all over him, insane with lust, giggling, moaning, and begging.
"Oh, fuck, yes, so good! Yes! Yes! Give me, give me cock, that cock! Push, come on! Do it! Ahhh! Pleeeaase! "
She looked up into the doctor's wild eyes as she begged for it.
"I'm so glad you're with us again, my dear, to watch and feel my rigid cock stretch your sweet filthy pussy, then fill you with the last dose of my ravishing seed. Before you lose your mind again, let me assure you that you now look like a stunning Glamour girl. Lick those puffy lips with your slinky tongue, look at your gorgeous full breasts with those trigger nipples so hard. I know your ass is squeezing and sucking on that big plug that will make your cunthole even tighter while I pound it."
"Now! Take it slut!"
Dr.Helison pushed his now twelve inches completely into Lauren. She screamed in ecstasy feeling every vein and ridge of his master cock thrusting deep. She was panting as he pushed balls deep and then hardly breathing as she watched the amazing phallus pull out, dripping with her juices.
He paused with just the tip lodged. She stared up into his dark eyes with fear, lust, and hunger. She nodded and mumbled " yes...yes...yesss...'
Helison grabbed her strapped thighs and rammed his cock in fast and hard, pounding her over and over, grunting and cursing along with her. She writhed and thrashed as her cunt did its own rippling suction on the monster cock. She felt him grow impossibly thick and then floods of searing jism jetted inside her, rubbed into her greedy vaginal walls from her clit to her womb. Her waves of orgasms were super charged by the surging IV until her head arched back. Her face transformed again into that crazed O look, the kinky ahegao, into an other reality of pure porn bliss. Her eyes rolled, her tongue drooled and searched.
Dr. Helison laughed maniacally to see her overwhelmed, transformed into a complete glamour puss, clearly ready to seduce a world of men. A world of very rich perverted 'investors'..
Finally, he stopped coming. His still jerking cock slipped out. He stumbled back into a lab chair while Cheri swooped down to lap the last spurts of his cum. She spun around and buried her face in Lauren's gushing, spasming cunthole.
Gurgling blissfully between those sloppy thighs, Cheri was is cum heaven, just as Lauren was far away in a state of orgasmic nirvana.
Jennifer watched it all on cam, recording every sexy second of Lauren's treatment, with her hand in her fancy panties diddling and laughing with pleasure. This would be one of the first segments in the investers' offering promotional. Clearly, Lauren's performance and obvious new qualities would demonstrate the value of their substantial investments.
To be continued...