After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
In the weeks following the episode with Collingwood, he seemed to have made himself scarce. At last, she managed to track him down and confront him in his office.
"Have you been avoiding me?" Emily asked.
"No, not at all, Captain," he replied. "I've just been rather busy, as I'm sure you have been as well."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Emily asked.
"What's what supposed to mean?" he responded.
"Calling me busy. So, you think I'm a slut?"
"Um… oh. No, I didn't mean that," he replied. "I only meant that I have been busy and was assuming that you were as well, so it would have been rude of me to interrupt your day for something frivolous, even if I had the time to do so."
"Are you calling what happened between us frivolous?" Emily asked.
"You don't think it was, Captain?"
"What do you think it was then?"
"We were caught up in a moment of joy and were unable to restrain ourselves," he replied. "I don't think we should read any more into it than that. If it's all the same to you I think we should assume it was a mistake and retain our current relationship as is."
"Are you sure that's what you want?" Emily tried one last time.
"I think so, Captain. Neither of us need the distraction at the moment. There is too much to do," he assured her.
"Ok," Emily sighed. "If that's how you want it, I guess I'll leave you to it then."
"Thank you, Captain. Have a good day," he responded as Emily turned and left. What she didn't see was the tear he wiped from his eye after she closed the door behind her.
Emily glumly returned to her office. Thankfully no one requested her services as a 'woman' for the next few hours. She wasn't in the mood. 4D9Y2Y must have noticed it and put herself in the firing line to take some heat for her. Emily saw her in the 'Display' position fucking one of the chaps at one point, and a short time later on her knees fellating another.
It was with some disappointment then when the General's messenger appeared at the office entry. That could only mean she was about to be summoned to his office and would have to perform for him. To her surprise 4D9Y2Y was requested to attend as well.
"'Present' please, ladies," the General requested after he bid them entry.
Both women assumed the position with their hands behind their backs and legs apart before the General continued.
"This Friday evening, I am having a little soiree and I am in need of two women who can serve hors d'oeuvres and drinks and so on. Can I count on your participation?"
Emily looked at 4D9Y2Y and she nodded her approval.
"Of course, sir. We would be happy to attend," Emily replied.
"Excellent! I will send cars for you at around 19:00 on Friday. There will be many government dignitaries present so please be looking and acting your best."
"Of course, sir," 4D9Y2Y responded. "Thank you, sir."
"Thank you both,' the General smiled. "Ok, that will be all, 4D9Y2Y. I will see you Friday. 7GQA9E, 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
Argh, so much for thinking I might get away without blowing him for once.
Moments later Emily had his cock in her mouth as she worked to get him off and get it over with as quickly as possible. Somehow having to keep her hands behind her back and only use her mouth was even more demeaning. Was that the whole idea or did it just feel better that way to the man?
Friday came around quickly. Emily and 4D9Y2Y, of course, were completely naked as usual with only their black shoes and little white lace tiaras pinned in their hair. They both looked at each other and laughed. Emily was thankful for 4D9's company. If she had to do something humiliating and ridiculous, she was at least glad she had someone who could make light of it and turn it into something fun.
Guests started arriving and it wasn't long before both of them regularly had to put their trays down to obey commands like 'Sit', 'Display' and 'Kneel' for the visual pleasure of the men present. 4D9 was the first to get a coupling command. Emily looked up to see her blowing a man in a military uniform as he stood beside his table. Emily was next. She was commanded to 'Display' and then to her disappointment found herself being buggered. Thankfully requests for anal didn't happen very often. A small mercy was that it had happened often enough now for her to have developed some tolerance for it, so the physical discomfort this time was minimal. It was still easily the most degrading out of all the ways she could be penetrated, but then perhaps they were all degrading anyway. Even blowing a fully clothed man as he stood tall while she had to kneel in front of him completely naked with her hands behind her back was completely degrading. But maybe that was the idea?
Another man had replaced the buggerer, and now she was being fucked in the vagina. Slightly better, but she hadn't even seen his face before he started. Sigh…
As the man continued fucking her, her mind wandered off and she began to wonder how the commands and the degrading positions had come about. Sure, 4NR had explained there was a need to repopulate in this world's history, but that didn't explain the blow jobs and anal requirements. She figured the ratio between requests for oral to vaginal to anal were about 60/30/10. That meant 70% of the sex wasn't even about procreation. It probably wasn't just about sex either. She suspected that it was about removing women's bodily autonomy. It wasn't just about taking away her right to say no, it was about taking everything from her. Her clothing, her dignity, her power, and even her right to choose. It was about making women completely compliant and submissive, and making sure they remembered it by violating them as frequently as possible in the most demeaning ways possible.
And somehow, they didn't just get the women to accept this, they got them to embrace it as a point of honour, something to strive for and work hard at. Debs looked forward excitedly to becoming 'women' when they would be 'revealed' and permanently nude from then on, and to their first 'coupling' when they would be gang-banged by five men at once on camera for the world to see. The weird thing was that they knew exactly what was going to happen for almost their whole lives, yet they still eagerly looked forward to it. It was staggering. And the way both the men and women here reacted when she spoke about wearing clothes and having a choice, like she was the weird and perverted one! Just how did all of this come about and why did everyone accept it so readily? Sure, there was the rattan, but they weren't motivated by fear. The rattan was only there for the misfits and oddballs of this society. The deliberate lawbreakers. These women did it because they wanted to, and couldn't understand why anyone wouldn't. It was crazy, or maybe she was missing something...
She looked up to see how 4D9 was going and saw she had returned to serving hors d'oeuvres. 4D9 looked back and hung her tongue out of her mouth while rolling her eyes back to mimic the orgasmic expression on the man's face who was fucking Emily from behind at that moment. It almost made her burst out laughing. Knowing that might offend her current "guest", though, she quickly looked away and instead scanned around the room to see if she recognised anyone. One face immediately caught her attention.
Oh God! Collingwood is here and he's looking straight at me, watching me being fucked by this man.
His expression was neither mocking nor happy nor sad. It was completely blank, like he was staring into space deep in thought.
Fucking weirdo.
Later, when she was blowing another man, she could see in her peripheral vision that Collingwood was still staring at her. On her other side she knew 4D9 was lingering, and Emily knew she would try to make her laugh if she looked at her. Blowing a guy was hard enough without trying to stifle laughter, so she chose not to look. It didn't work. She laughed anyway picturing 4D9's face in her head, but she got payback later in the night when the situation was reversed.
All through the night she kept noticing that Collingwood was watching her whenever she was engaged in 'coupling'. She wasn't sure what to make of it. Was he pitying her maybe? Despising her? Was she just fun for him to watch? Was he wishing it was him instead of this man? It was impossible to say.
Later after everyone else had finally left, Emily and 4D9 shared a bottle of champagne that hadn't been opened.
"I have to thank you, 4D9. You make me laugh. I don't know how I'd get through something like this without you," Emily started saying.
"Oh, I dunno," 4D9 replied. "It ain't so bad. Yeah, I hated it at first, but you get used to it after a while, and then it grows on you and you start liking it. Once I started comparing where I came from to this place, I knew here was a shit-tonne better, even with all the sucking and fucking. Truth be told I'm kind of into that part these days anyway, and here there ain't no shame in it. Back home I'd get called a slut and all sorts of shit."
"I guess that's true," Emily replied," but I don't think I'm quite at the point of liking it just yet. Say, speaking of home, what was your real name if you don't mind me asking?"
"Oh, um. Oh shit. Fuck! Um… Madison!" she replied. "Jesus, I can't believe I'd almost forgotten my own name. I guess I have been here a while."
They both laughed.
"Mine was Emily," Emily replied. "Hopefully I'll be her again one day."
"Pleased to meet you, Emily," Madison responded while holding out her hand.
"Pleased to meet you too, Madison," Emily replied while shaking her hand.
They topped their glasses up and Emily held hers out.
"Here's to you, Madison," she said.
"Here's to you too, Emily," replied Madison.
They clinked their glasses together and then there was a lull in the conversation for a while as they stared out into the empty room. Finally, Emily broke the silence.
"How did you get used to all this, Madison? What is with the way they treat women here with the mandatory nudity and all the fucked up demeaning sex that we're not allowed to say no to? How the hell did that all start and why are the women still accepting it?"
"I felt exactly the same way at first," Madison replied. "I couldn't believe it when they basically ripped my clothes off me when I first got here and made me shave my cunny. I couldn't stand being naked all the time. I kept wanting to scrunch up in a corner and hide. Then the fucking and sucking. It all felt so wrong, and I couldn't get how the women put up with it. But then I started noticing all the other stuff here. It's peaceful. There's fuck-all violence, fuck-all crime, everyone has enough, no one's going hungry anywhere, everyone has a job and they're all happy, even the women with all the nudity and the fucking and sucking. Something wasn't adding up. Chicks would never be keen on doing this stuff where I came from, but it was a total shit-fight in all the other ways. So, what was the deal?
So, I figure all the men and the women sat down together at some point and said ok, how do we make this a better world? I reckon the men kicked the conversation off first with whining about how the women kept all their womanly bits to themselves and wouldn't let them see or touch nuthin, which meant they had sore balls all the time and had to go to extremes to impress a girl and hopefully get laid, which created an ultra-competitive, toxic environment run by cranky, sexually frustrated men where only a few win and the rest don't. A rat race, and everyone on the brink of war.
Then the women said, ok you wanna see us naked? You wanna fuck us or get a blowie anytime you want? Consider those our gifts to you, but your gift to us is to sort the rest of this shit out and make this world a nice place to live for all of us. Firstly, you're gonna look after us. All our bills are gonna be paid, and we're gonna have nice places to live where you lot leave us the fuck alone when we wanna be left alone. Next, there ain't never gonna be another woman hit or raped or robbed or murdered ever again. Then we're gonna come up with a system for raising children so none of them end up fucked in the head or without a proper start in life, and you're going to stop raping the Earth for the sake of a buck. We want air we can breathe and water we can drink, and no more rat race. We want a fair economy the whole world over so everyone gets a slice and no one misses out, and no more wars.
The men thought about it for a minute and said wait, you're all gonna walk around naked and you won't mind us looking, and we can get our dicks wet any time we want, and that's all we gotta do in return? Fellas, we gotta sort out our differences and make this shit happen. Ladies, consider it a done deal. Where do we sign?"
"Yeah maybe…" Emily replied, chuckling at Madison's explanation and her manner of speaking. "It just seems more about debasing women and keeping them down to me."
"Ain't no 'maybe' about it. Look around and you tell me what's up here. There ain't a chica here who thinks she's being debased. There's gotta be a reason for that," Madison responded.
"But what about these collars then? Surely, they're about debasement? Only an animal should be wearing a collar," Emily countered.
"Well, I reckon that's a two birds with one stone situation going on there rather than any intended debasement," Madison replied. "Firstly, they needed IDs for the new female welfare system, and the women weren't going to have pockets no more and weren't going to be carrying around no bags. What are you gonna do? Easy, wear it around your neck. Hides nuthin, you don't have to carry it around in your hand, and dead easy to see for those that need to see it. Next issue was the kids. They needed a new system to make sure all the kids started out on the same footing with no ties to either privileged or underprivileged parents. What are you gonna do? Well, the fathers aren't going to be known no more if a woman is banging heaps of different men, but everyone is still gonna know who's vag it came from. So, she gives up her name so there ain't no mother or father recorded on the birth certificate. Every kid gets the same start in life, and the community raises them as a group, so there's no burden on the woman who gave birth to the kid and there's no privilege or any weird ideas being passed along either. Everyone grows up knowing about the deal and what the rules are."
"It can't be that simple, can it?" Emily asked. "What about all the commands making women jump when a man tells her to?"
"Sure, there's probably been some evolving and changes in fine print since then with all of the commands with the rigid positions and cunny shaving and stuff, but maybe that's what they came up with and agreed on in the beginning as well. The thing is, the women were in on it right from the start just as much as the men were. They had to be. That's why they're all happy with doing it, and everyone's still holding up their end of the bargain and honouring the deal to this day."
"My friend Collingwood has a similar theory," Emily replied. "Although he thinks it's more like a snowball effect. You start with nude women and free sex, add time and this is the result."
"Could be a bit of that too," Madison admitted. "I reckon it started more how I said, though. Everyone sat down and worked out a plan, and then it evolved from there, but it all hinged on the women. It was all about what they were prepared to do in return for everything else. Without them, this place wouldn't be half as nice as it is. When you think about it, while it looks like women are slaves and men call the shots here, it's actually the other way around. Women say what goes here. Always have and always will. They figured out the power of the pussy and how to use that power for good. The men fell right into the trap, but by the time they figured that out, if they figured it out, they realised it was a pretty awesome trap to be stuck in."
"Ok, ok," Emily admitted. "I think I see where you're coming from. If nothing else, maybe the system here satisfies their little heads so they can think with their big ones."
"Now you're getting it, girl," Madison laughed. "Women think with their brains while men think with their dicks. A smart girl can take advantage of that and make the world a better place. Just look around and you can see it totally working."
Emily still wasn't sure it could actually be that simple. Surely men couldn't be that shallow, and women wouldn't give up the rights to their own bodies so easily? Yet Madison's theory did seem to make all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. It made more sense that this system had a beginning to it.
The women chatted and laughed until well after midnight until they decided it was time to go home.
*****
Three months after the General's soiree, winter had fallen. Thankfully it was mild in Emily's neck of the woods. It was nowhere near freezing but still uncomfortably brisk at times, particularly in the mornings. She learned something new from talking to other women that she hadn't been told about in deb training. In some areas women were allowed to wear Government-Issue cloaks outdoors during the winter months but were required to remove them again when indoors. She guessed that deb training must vary a little depending on location. In this area, women got by with fur-lined boots, beanies, and mittens, while keeping outdoor activities to a minimum. Emily managed to cope on the colder days by having cabs come right up to the door for her commutes, and then make a run for the passenger door as they arrived. Still, there were several occasions where she ran out to her cab only to have someone else steal it just as she got there, and she was left stamping and shivering waiting for the next one to pull up.
The chill in the air meant that the lunchtime chats with Madison had to remain inside the canteen on some days, which meant they needed to guard their conversations a little more than usual and not make fun of any of the men in case it got back to them.
The General hadn't tired of her and still summoned her to his office at least once every week where she would be commanded to give him a blowjob. Sometimes before his blowjob he would have her 'Present', 'Sit' or "Display' while he just looked at her for a while from behind his desk. Maybe Madison's theory wasn't so crazy that this was all part of a deal, but she still found it creepy and degrading whenever she thought about it, which she chose not to these days. It was easier on her if she just did it without thinking about it and sent her mind to her 'happy place'. She couldn't understand why she got so wet most days, though. It wasn't a turn-on by any means. It was just humiliating and demeaning.
She often went back to the bar as well. Sometimes with Madison and sometimes by herself. It was good just to get out for a drink, even if that meant being asked to couple once or twice over the evening.
So, she figured it either happened at the bar or it was one of the guys at work. Her period was late, and it was never late! A pregnancy test from a pharmacy confirmed it. She was pregnant! What was she going to do now? She was in a strange world where women didn't keep their babies. Would she be able to handle giving it up? What about if Collingwood found a way to get home again. Would that mean leaving it here?
There was only one thing for it. She had become quite skilled at ignoring horrible things happening to her, so she chose to ignore this too, and that even worked for a while until one day in her second trimester when she bumped into Collingwood right at the worst possible moment. She was overwhelmed by a sudden need to throw up on her way to the office. She quickly ran to a rubbish can and was there heaving into it just as Collingwood walked by.
"Everything ok, Captain?" he asked. "Say, you might need to lay off the snacks. Oh…"
"What are you talking about?" she retorted.
"Apologies if it's forward of me but you seem noticeably thicker around the middle, and here you are barfing up your breakfast. Would I be safe to assume you might be in the family way?"
"Um… I-I'm not sure. No. Maybe," she replied, quickly realising that the moment had arrived where she could no longer hide it. "Ok. Alright. I'm pregnant ok!"
"Ok, good luck with that then," he replied before turning and walking away, leaving Emily staring after him in disbelief.
And that was the last thing he said to her for almost a year.
If she thought Collingwood's response was cold, the General's was much worse. He also noticed shortly after.
"It seems you are with child, 7GQA9E," he noted with a frown while looking her up and down as she stood in the 'Present' position. "Your services for the time being will not be required. Please retire to your home and come and see me again after the birth when you have recovered."
That's it? You're pregnant. Fuck off out of my sight! Come back when you're not?
She burst into tears.
"Now, now, 7GQA9E," the General consoled. "This is a great blessing. It is a time of joy. A life grows within you. But it is no longer a time for coupling for you. It is a time of rest. Go home and enjoy it. Come back when it is done."
"Thank you, sir," she sniffed. "But I can still perform my normal duties for some months yet, can't I?"
"Those duties will be covered by someone else. Do not be concerned by them," he replied with what he probably thought was a warm smile.
Fair enough, it's a shit job that a trained monkey could do, but am I just going to sit on my arse in my room for the next 3 or 4 months watching TV?
She also realised that no one was going to be asking her to couple while she was showing, and one of the many upsides to that was that she could have a drink at the pub in peace at last. However, being pregnant meant she couldn't have alcohol now.
Fuck!
Still in tears, she made her way back to the office to find Madison.
"Hey, hey. What's wrong, 7GQ?" Madison asked as she quickly moved towards her to give her a hug. "What's with the water works?"
"I'm pregnant!" Emily blurted, still sobbing.
"Hey, congratulations!" one of the men called out.
"Well done, 7GQA9E!"
"7GQA9E is with child? What a blessing, 7GQA9E!"
"Yeah, well done, 7GQA9E!"
"C'mon, let's take a walk," Madison suggested, taking her by the hand. Once they were out of earshot of the men in the office she continued. "So, why the sad face, Emmi?"
"The General basically just fired me for it. I'm supposed to go home now. I don't want to be pregnant, Madison. What the fuck do I do now?"
"Oh right. Yeah, they do things a bit different around here compared to what you're probably used to. This is your free ride for a while, Emmi. No more sucking cock. No having to be or go anywhere. It's vacation time, honey, and no screaming brat to deal with for the rest of your life afterwards. Even labour is pain-free. You go in one day with a belly and come out a day or two later without it. No stitches, no pain, nothing."
"Ok, but I'm terrified my maternal instincts will kick in and I won't be able to give up the baby when it arrives," Emily blubbered.
"Well, that can be hard, I'll admit," Madison responded. "My first one was hard on me that way but the others not so much. Like I said, I know they're going to a better life than I could have given them, and I never saw what they looked like, so I never got attached. I don't even know if they were boys or girls."
"But doesn't it hurt anyway?"
"Not so much, no. They give you drugs to keep your hormones in check so any attachment you feel is in your head, not Mother Nature tearing you to bits. You don't even lactate," Madison advised. "You be sure to go and see a doctor in the next day or two and he'll sort you out."
"But I'll be all alone, Madison," Emily sniffled. "Bloody Collingwood literally turned his back on me, and my only other friends here are you and a social worker who helped me out when I first got here."
"You won't need no more friends than me, Emmi Bear," Madison assured her. "You vid me anytime you need somebody, and I'll come around to visit anytime you want as well."
"You will?"
"Of course! That's what friends are for!"
Emily started to feel a little better about things. Back on her Earth, having a child was a career killer, but here it wasn't a lifetime commitment. It was just a few months, and maybe growing up in this world wasn't such a bad thing? Unless it was a girl. Oh God! But then if she grew up here, she'd just be like all of the others and wouldn't have a problem with the life she had ahead of her here. It still made her feel uneasy though. Fancy bringing a girl into this!
The next day she went to a doctor as Madison had suggested and he gave her a prescription for some pills, and some lotion she was to spread on her abdomen and between her legs twice daily. A day later she felt like she was thinking a lot clearer and wasn't as emotional as she had been. So, her reaction at work maybe had a whole lot of hormones behind it…
The next few months passed surprisingly fast. She spent her days between the restaurants and her room, occasionally going for walks around the grounds of the women's quarters. She did a lot of reading and watched plenty of movies, which would never have made it past the censors back home, at least not with anything other than an X rating. It was so weird seeing all of the female actors unashamedly nude and performing the various commands whenever the scene called for it. There were blowjobs aplenty, and even close-ups of genitalia when performing the 'Display' position. The plots were quite different too. There was very little in the way of romance, no family dramas or movies set in the great wars.
Madison called on the Vidlink or came to visit every day as promised. 4NR dropped around from time to time after she heard the news too. Collingwood, though, had vanished into thin air. He never called and wouldn't pick up if she called him.
Arsehole! What is up his butt anyway? Is he blaming me for getting pregnant?
Then one night she was woken up by the mother of all cramps in her lower back and stomach. Labour! She caught a cab to the birthing centre at the girls' school nearby. It was 2am but Madison didn't mind being woken up and was waiting there for her when she arrived.
"You in any pain, chica?" she greeted as Emily walked in. "Don't worry, they'll take care of that in a jiffy."
Twenty minutes later Emily was on a table with a drip in her arm feeling happy as a clam. No more labour pains. Every fifteen minutes, a midwife would come to examine her after asking her to put her feet up in stirrups. At last, she seemed satisfied with what she saw.
"That will do you, sweetie. Now I will just get you to push like you are trying to do a big poo," she instructed as two nurses set a blind across Emily's body so she couldn't see her lower half.
"Is anything happening?" Emily asked. "I can't feel anything so I'm not sure I'm pushing."
"You are doing fine, sweetie. Once more just like that."
Emily squeezed and the midwife seemed happy.
An hour later and it was done.
"Ok, all over," the midwife announced.
"Wait, is it out?" Emily asked in surprise. "I didn't hear it cry. Is it ok?"
"Yes, all ok. We took the baby away and it is healthy and normal."
"Don't I even get to see it? Was it a boy or a girl?"
"Oh, it is better if you do not know," the midwife replied, touching Emily's hand. "A counsellor will come and see you to make sure you are ok over the next day or so."
A tear ran down Emily's face at that. It somehow seemed so wrong to never even get to see it. Who would this person turn out to be? They would never even meet so she would never know. It seemed unnecessarily cruel to take the baby away without even letting her see it. Or was it actually the more humane approach if she wasn't going to be raising it anyway?
"You're gonna be ok, girl," Madison assured her while holding her hand. "I'm here and I always will be as long as I have any say in it."
"Oh God! I've kept you up so late," Emily suddenly realised, wanting to change the subject on her mind. "Are you going to be ok to go to work?"
"Fuck work. I'm staying right here," Madison replied with a laugh. "That job ain't going nowhere if I'm not there. It's just an excuse to keep a woman around for the fellas. It don't matter if I never actually do anything other than just show up to be eye-candy and wet their dicks for them when they want it. They don't even pay us, remember."
Emily laughed at that but she also kind of admired that Madison seemed to accept her role here so easily. She wished she could be the same way. Her heart sunk at the thought of going back to performing those degrading tasks now that the baby was out.
A day later she was back in her apartment. She was still a bit sore but mostly struggling with things mentally. She'd just had a child! She felt different. It felt even more wrong than usual to be walking around naked all of a sudden. She was so much more than eye-candy and a fuck-toy now, even if she ever was either of those things as far as she was concerned. Now though, she'd created life! She felt older, wiser. Mature. And not about to take any more shit!
Over the next few days her mind had regressed back to where it had been when she first landed in this world. Treating women like this was beyond appalling and she didn't want to do it anymore. She'd had enough! She wanted to be wearing clothes again. She didn't want to be having sex with men she didn't choose. She felt ashamed, objectified and very, very depressed. But a couple of weeks later she also started feeling very, very bored as well. She missed Madison's company and their day-to-day banter. Her body felt reasonably normal again and she felt up to returning to work. Even coupling seemed possible now, as much as she loathed the idea of doing it again. That cream she was told to rub between her legs certainly seemed to do the trick. A little experimenting with a few fingers revealed there was no discomfort at all. It was time to call the General.
"General McAlister," she began once his image appeared in the Vidlink projection on her wall. "I think I'm ready to come back."
"That is good to hear, 7GQA9E," he replied, beaming. "I have a slot this afternoon at 14:00. Should I send a car?"
"No, I can get there. I'll see you then," Emily replied before hanging up.
Emily started to regret the decision almost immediately. By the time she got to the General's office she was dreading what was about to happen. He was bound to have her pose for him and then probably have her blow him, and this time she definitely did not feel up to it in the slightest. She felt sick walking out of her room naked, sick on the cab ride over and sick now that she was about to walk into his office. She did not want to do this anymore. She wanted to go home to her Earth where things were normal and she got to wear clothes.
"7GQA9E, please 'Present'," he commanded the moment he saw her.
She did as she was asked but her heart wasn't in it at all. Now she couldn't even find her happy place and try to ignore what was happening. She just wanted to get it done and over with.
"I see you have bounced back remarkably well. Can you 'Sit' for me?"
Emily was unable to stop herself from rolling her eyes at the request and hoped the General hadn't seen it. She dropped into the position regardless, wishing time could speed up so she could get out of here again.
"Ok… now 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
Gross. Here it comes...
She was going to have to blow him. She hadn't done this for months and she didn't want to start again now, especially on an old guy. He was twice her age, for fuck's sake. She nearly gagged when she leaned forward and let him push himself down into her throat. She wanted to retch even before he'd cum. It usually didn't take him long and she hoped this time would be no different so it would at least be over with. However, after a few minutes she felt him soften and he pulled out again.
He hasn't cum. Why is he stopping?
"It seems you are not the same woman, 7GQA9E," he lamented. "You were once one of the best oral couplers I have experienced. Now though, you are not. I saw your reluctance when I asked you to 'Sit', and I felt it in your performance. I cannot have you here like this. I am afraid I have no position for you anymore."
Seriously, I'm not putting out nicely enough for him after I dropped a child??? What the fuck?
"I-I'm sorry, General, I've been through a lot. Please let me come back? You can't just cast me aside. I'll get better. I think I just need some time. Please!" she begged.
"I understand, 7GQA9E. Truly I do," he replied. "Look, I have a friend who might be able to help you out. I will write down the address for you and tell him to expect you. If things work out there and you meet his expectations, perhaps we can talk about a position here again."
So that was it then? She was on probation somewhere else where she wouldn't get to see Madison, or even Collingwood to find out what was up his butt and where they were at with getting back to Earth 1? Ok, if this was all she was going to get, then this was how it had to be. At least it was a chance. Maybe the time would pass quickly, and she could get back to a life here that was at least somewhat bearable.
"Thank you, sir," was all she replied.
A short time later she was on her way into the city and then standing in front of a large red brick building with "Griggs and Co" in faded gold lettering across the front. Either side of the entrance and along the footpath were huge windows with empty display areas. It looked like an abandoned and run-down department store.
In contrast to the building's façade, inside it was clean, tastefully furnished and there were lots of people sitting at desks looking at Vidlinks. It would have looked like a modern office back on Earth 1 if it wasn't for all the naked women present as well. A naked secretary asked her to take a seat in a waiting area. At last, she was called and stood in front of a pale and slightly sweaty man in his seventies sitting on the other side of a large antique desk.
Good God, he's got a comb-over!
"Ahh, 7GQA9E. I am very pleased to meet you. I am glad you came," he greeted, almost salivating as he smiled. "My name is James P. Logan. You may call me Master. Are you able to start tomorrow?"