Part 1 of 2.
All rights reserved. This Work may not be copied, published, republished or posted on any other venue or media, in whole or in part, without the author's express written permission.
Many thanks to my editor, who wishes to remain anonymous. Without her time and expertise, so generously given, this would be less enjoyable reading. All remaining errors are solely the result of my inability to leave well enough alone after she made it perfect. My bad.
This my first story of any kind. Please remember to rate and comment so I can improve.
**********
My wife, Lynne, is a Southern lady in her prime. She's what's known as 'Black Irish'. Her mid-length raven black hair falls in lustrous waves that, together with her arched eyebrows, perfectly frame the delicate features of her face. Her large brown eyes sparkle when she smiles and have a smoky quality when she's aroused. Her creamy white unblemished skin comes from her pure Irish ancestors.
Her figure is perfect for her 5' 7" height. She has long, shapely legs and a firm, heart shaped fanny that just begs to be patted. Her rosebud-tipped breasts are well rounded with a slight up-tilt of the tips. They wobble and jiggle delightfully when she walks; men get distracted and short of breath when she sashays by. Her small perfectly circular areolas are the delicate pink of springtime azalea blooms in the deep south.
FRIDAY:
My work that day took me to Dublin, Georgia to inspect the books of a small company my firm's client wanted to buy. It meant a long drive down from Atlanta and back for just a few billable hours. Lynne volunteered to ride along and I was glad of her company.
We chatted about bathroom remodeling and vacation plans as the miles slid by until just south of Macon we spotted a billboard touting a 'Gentleman's Club' with an 'All Nude Review' and 'Fine Food'. The first part I believed.
Lynne commented, "I had no idea such places existed so close to home."
I had the presence of mind to not mention that such places existed a lot closer to home. Instead, I asked if she'd like to have lunch there.
"I've never been in a place like that. Have you?" she asked.
"Not in a long time," I fudged. Hey! Three weeks can seem like a long time.
She asked, "What does 'All Nude Review' really mean?" Her eyebrows arched.
"Well, it means the ladies perform on a stage or runway, erotically dancing and removing all of their clothing while the men put money in their garters and cheer to encourage them in their artistic performances," I extemporized.
"All of their clothing," she whispered to herself. I explained that the performers usually kept on their garters and heels.
"Do women ever go there?"
"Sure. All the time," I fudged again. "Anybody can appreciate artistic erotic dance."
Okay, I'm a hound. Have me flogged, I don't care. I sensed opportunity here. My wife is the poster girl for sexuality in the bedroom but I've had little luck persuading her to loosen up and be even a little slutty for me when we are away from home. Hers had been a strict upbringing by parents who had limited her dating and other social opportunities as a teen.
Her clothes have always had the classic tailored look. She always wears underwear. Nice underwear, I admit, but still underwear. I had expected her instant response to my lunch suggestion to be something like 'In your dreams, letch!' so her questions surprised me. I decided to press my luck.
"Tell you what. Let's drop in, you have a drink since I'm driving. We can watch for a few minutes before deciding whether to order lunch. If you feel uncomfortable we'll slide on out and find another place to eat. How's that?" I offered with an innocent smile.
She sat considering- I could almost hear her thinking it over. I noticed the approaching exit and nudged her along with, "This is our exit coming up."
"Okay," she said simply.
We parked and walked to the entrance where Lynne encountered her first serious bouncer. This guy was a little larger than me but not a giant by any means. He was dressed in a tailored sports coat, slacks and a quality dress shirt. His was clean-shaven with dark brown hair beginning to gray at the temples. Although he was about ten years older than us, there wasn't an ounce of fat on the man. A relaxed, confident, smiling man.
As we approached, his eyes scanned me professionally. As soon as he was satisfied that I carried no weapons he turned his attention to Lynne, smiling and nodding.
"Since you're escorting this beautiful woman, there'll be no cover charge today," he drawled, opening the door.
My wife smiled and blushed. "Thank you."
I have no idea where the club found this guy or how much he cost, but hiring him was a stroke of genius. A great investment. He took her from tense to titillated with just a smile and a single sentence. He should give seminars.
We paused just inside the door to get our bearings and let our eyes adjust. The place smelled good, not your average strip joint mix of beer barf, smoke and industrial air freshener. We were in a large room with a wide runway extending from the rear wall. Half moon shaped tables were clustered close around the length of the runway but not so close you had to break your neck to see the dancers and spaced for easy walking between.
Every seat faced the runway. There were circular booths along one wall and a more private area in the far corner of the building through a doorway. The general room lighting was subdued but not cave-like as you sometimes see. The runway had both footlights and remotely operated overhead spot/flood lights mounted. The ceiling was high and black, disappearing into shadow. The sound system was unusually good and the volume wasn't set to vibrate your liver. This was the crème de la crème of strip joints.
The runway was in use. She was a young, smiling brunette with good, but not great, moves. She was early in the first song of her set so was still clothed. I noticed my wife's eyes had locked on the dancer. Good so far.
A hostess approached, appraised the two of us with a smile and a knowing eye, and led us to a table near the end of the runway where we could watch the performance without craning our necks and without putting Lynne so close she might get uncomfortable. Excellent.
A waitress appeared looking hot in formal black short-shorts with loose leg openings, black thigh high stockings, heels and a cream-colored translucent blouse with a deep V neckline and rolled lapels. No bra; noticed that right off. Hard to miss since I could see her dark brown areolas and nipples through the fabric. My wife spotted them too. She blushed and unconsciously licked her lips. Interesting.
Lynne ordered something with a little umbrella in it and I got unsweetened iced tea, partly because I was driving but mostly because I wanted to keep my wits about me. Things were getting curiouser by the minute.
The 'exotic' dancer had completed her first number and had untied her halter-top but was holding it with her arm to keep her breasts concealed. She turned and strolled toward our end of the runway as the waitress retreated and Lynne turned to watch.
Without taking her eyes off the dancer she asked, "Is she going to take her top off in front of all of these men?" At that moment, the next number came through the sound system and my wife gave a little gasp.
"Oh, my, she did it."
I just nodded and grinned, asking, "Would you like to see a menu?"
"Yes, please." She didn't even glance in my direction.
Just as our drinks arrived, two men came out of a doorway from the general direction of the restrooms and sat at the table behind us. From their conversation it sounded like the manager and the bartender.
The younger man was complaining about being short one waitress and the older man said, "Just to make the day perfect we're also going to have to somehow get through tonight with two dancers out. Traci has the flu and the new girl had to take her son for his pre-K physical and interview of all things. The girls we have are good but they're gonna be wilted before the night's over."
"What about calling in one from the weekend crew?" the bartender suggested.
The manager shook his head and explained that being short on stage talent on the weekend would be a bad idea because it would disappoint the local regulars. "Can't have that."
The bartender grinned and said, "You're still in pretty good shape for an old guy. You could dance."
The manager chuckled. "This isn't a comedy club."
After finishing their coffee and going over a grocery and liquor order the bartender went back to the bar. We ordered lunch. The manager went off in the direction of the back.
Meanwhile, Lynne hadn't taken her eyes off the brunette, who was into her third tune and teasing the side ties on her g-string. I could clearly see that Lynne was aroused and, as the dancer pulled away her last itty bitty bit of cover, tossing it toward the rear of the runway, Lynne let out a small 'yip' and clapped her hands over her mouth, wide-eyed.
For at least five seconds she didn't move, breath or speak. Abruptly she stood and said, "Excuse me, please."
I rose, concerned. She patted my chest, assured me everything was fine, and headed toward the restrooms.
I watched the brunette finish her set, put a couple of dollars in her garter and was focused on the last dance of a gorgeous redhead by the time Lynne slid back into her chair, a little out of breath and with a cat-ate-the-canary look on her face. I had lost track of time with all the on-stage distractions.
Our lunch arrived and we ate while the girls kept dancing. My wife watched the women closely but seemed little inclined to conversation, which was fine by me.
Over coffee Lynne took a deep breath and said, "Would you mind if I stayed here while you do your accounting thing and pick me up on the way back?"
I realized there would be no catching up with what was going on in her head.
"Stay here?" I blurted, knowing I sounded like Forrest Gump. "It'll be at least 8:30, maybe 10:00 tonight before I can get back here. What will you do all that time?"
She smiled shyly, and announced, "I'm going to be working. You heard them talking about being shorthanded."
"How do you know they'll hire you? You've never waited tables."
Her eyebrows arched and her chin tilted up. "I've spoken to the manager. I'm hired." I knew better than to argue with the eyebrows and the chin.
The discussion was done. But I didn't believe for a second they'd actually talked her into wearing the hot pants and see-through blouse. No sir. No chance. Not my wife. I knew she'd never have the nerve to do that.
From my accounting practice and some 'field work' I knew waitresses worked hard, standing on their feet all day and, in places like this, were patted, stroked and felt up, and got paid pretty much peanuts compared to the dancers. There was no chance my wife would be up to doing a whole shift.
On the other hand, the idea of her being felt up, having her breasts and fanny touched by strangers in a softly lit club, even if only once, gave me hope that it might help loosen her up a bit. Definitely worth a try.
"Okay, but you have to promise me you won't leave the club; we don't know anything about this neighborhood," I insisted, to which she quickly agreed.
We finished lunch and she walked with me to the door. I asked the bouncer to keep an eye on her and he promised he would, smiling broadly.
The accounting review in Dublin was more like surveying the scene of a train wreck. Their idea of record-keeping involved shoeboxes of crumpled receipts and lots of coffee stains. Who keeps a receipt for wooden matches yet has no idea how much they spent on tires for the company trucks last year?
My mind kept wandering to Lynne and her adventure. Hard to do an audit while picturing your wife's breasts being fondled, her fanny being rubbed and patted. It was obvious she was acting out some fantasy of hers, but what, exactly, I could only guess.
I was back to the Gentleman's Club a few minutes after 9:00 that night. The place was packed with several hundred men with a surprising number of women, and jumpin'! I finally spotted Lynne in the far corner sitting in a curved booth with several men, sipping what looked like a scotch and soda.
She looked tired but happy and her hair was a little mussed. Poor thing, her feet must be killing her. She spotted me and waved, giving me a big smile. She said something to the men and they slid out so she could get up and helped her put her jacket on.
They each gave her a tight hug accompanied by a solid kiss. She stepped into each embrace and made no objection to their roaming hands. Yep. Instant woodie. Looked like an evening of being patted and fondled had loosened her up considerably more than I had thought possible.
As we walked toward the door, applause erupted in the room and I turned to see what was happening. It took a few seconds to realize everybody - and I do mean everybody, including the girl onstage - was applauding my wife. She gave a big wave and blew a kiss to everybody.
The smiling Bouncer was standing in the doorway holding it open for Lynne but leaving little room for her to get by. I noticed that instead of turning her back to get by she faced him, pointed her finger in his face, and waited for him to back out of our way.
On the way to the car I said it looked like she'd had a good time.
She stopped and wrapped her arms around my neck and said, "I had an amazing adventure. I lived a fantasy I've had for years. Thank you for letting me do this."
She kissed me deeply, climbed into the car, tilted her seat back and was dozing before we were back on the Interstate. Didn't even take her jacket off, poor kid.
We stopped for a late supper at an upscale restaurant near Atlanta. When we pulled up to the door the parking valet opened Lynne's door and assisted her getting out.
I noticed she climbed out slowly, not being as careful of her skirt as she normally was, I guess because she was so tired. The attendant was quite attentive.'Poor woman must be worn out' I thought.
Being late, the crowd had thinned and we were ushered to a table promptly. I was starving and had my nose buried in the menu before my tail even hit the chair seat. The waiter appeared and took our drink orders.
It took a while for me to realize the waiter hadn't left and was telling Lynne about the specials for the second time. I looked up, noticed she had removed her jacket, and her rosebud nipples and blushing pink areolas visibly and proudly poking the front of her nearly transparent blouse.
Everybody in the room must have heard my woodie hit the underside of the table.'No Bra!'my mind shouted. My mouth didn't make a sound. I was too excited to breath. Besides, I noticed the young waiter was breathing hard enough for both of us.
She looked magnificent and was obviously reveling in the waiter's attention. She smiled serenely at me as the guy babbled on. Apparently, she had enjoyed waitressing in a see-thru blouse after all. I finally thought I understood the ovation she got when we left the club. Silly me.
All through supper that waiter gave Lynne the best service I've ever seen. I could have turned to stone and he wouldn't have noticed, but he sure seemed fascinated with watching my wife's lungs working. Just saying. . .
After a great meal, dessert and coffee with brandy, my wife excused herself, rose and strolled slowly to the ladies room without her jacket. Her breasts jiggled wonderfully and were clearly visible through the sheer, clingy fabric of her blouse. On the way back, as she was passing a table with a half-dozen businessmen in suits one of them spoke to her. I couldn't make out the words.
She stopped and leaned her forearms on the shoulders of two of the men to allow the man who had spoken to her to whisper into her ear. She nodded and whispered into his ear in turn.
It startled me when he gently cupped her left breast in his hand and massaged it, rolling her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Lynne arched her back to push her breast more firmly into his hand and I noticed she'd stopped talking and was breathing a bit faster. Her face and neck flushed pink. It was beautiful. Damn, it was beautiful.
The man to her left whispered into her ear and she whispered back, then sucked his earlobe and pulled on it with her lips. He slowly slid his hand up her thigh and under her dress, out of sight.
Lynne moved her legs further apart and lowered her head. I could see she was breathing harder through her parted scarlet lips as her eyes closed in concentration.
What I was watching was now officially the most erotic thing I had ever seen. My heart was booming so loud I was sure everybody could hear. Junior had a concussion from hitting his head on the underside of the table.
After what seemed like an hour but probably was no more than 15 seconds the first man whispered in her ear again. She shook her head and spoke to him for a moment, kissed the cheek of each man and stood up. Man number two withdrew his hand from under her skirt.
"Good night, gentlemen. Sweet dreams." She said to the group of hypnotized men loudly enough I could hear it before turning and strolling seductively back to our table as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. She just smiled, held her shoulders back and took her time. I loved her for it.
This time Lynne took the chair next to me, facing the room. She sat serenely looking at me until I just had to speak.
"Lynne, that was the most erotic thing I've ever seen you do in public. I'm dying to know what your conversation was about."
"Are you mad about what I just did?" she asked with raised eyebrows, staring straight into my eyes.
"God, no. I'm so excited my heart's about to pound out of my chest," I confessed.
Lynne leaned closer to me, sliding her hand into my crotch and feeling Junior standing at full alert. "Mmm. You are aroused." She smiled. "My wonderful man."
She sat back, sipped her brandy, and said, "The first gentleman, the one with salt and pepper hair who uses Old Spice aftershave, by the way, told me I had the most beautiful breasts he'd ever seen and pleaded in a courtly and respectful way to be allowed to touch."
"Distinguished looking older men are so sexy and he was such a gentleman. I saw the hunger in his eyes and I felt responsible; I'd teased them cruelly. So I told him he could hold my breast so my lover could watch. He was so eager and grateful. It was sweet."
"How about the other man?" I asked. "The one who slid his hand up your leg."
"Lars? He was adorable too. I think he's Swedish. He asked with that sexy accent and imperfect English if he could, please, touch me too. I thought he meant my other breast. I told him it would please me. It surprised me when I felt his hand gliding up my thigh, but it felt so, so erotic, I didn't want to stop him."
My amazing wife gazed into my eyes. "Should I have stopped him? Did you mind him doing that? I let him go all the way up and then he rubbed me. He felt me, up between my legs, in front of all those other men. I nearly orgasmed from the naughtiness of it all.
"I wanted to share with you the excitement of the amazing adventure I've had today while you were working. You missed pretty much all of it and I felt you'd been shortchanged. Did I behave too badly?" She probed.
I knew she was intentionally provoking a reaction from me to gauge whether she'd stepped over the line.
"Lynne, love, I've wanted you to do things like this for years. I don't know why you finally decided to be naughty in public, but I could never be angry at you for that. I'm thrilled. I couldn't be more proud to be your husband," I told her from my heart.
She blushed. "Um, actually, you're not my husband right now."
"I don't understand." I realized this wasn't my fantasy. I was wandering around blind lost in her fantasy.
"Well, there was more to the conversation. The first gentleman, Austin, asked me loudly enough for the other men at the table to hear to come back to his hotel with him for the night. I was thrilled that he wanted me that badly and didn't want to hurt his feelings or embarrass him in front of his friends. I told him I would have loved to spend the night with him if he'd only asked earlier. I explained that I was here with my lover, who had first claim on me for an evening of rough sex and then I'd be going home to my husband who would surely want to reclaim me by making tender love to me. So my evening was already going to be as erotic as I could possibly want. I told him some other time, perhaps. That's when I stood up and wished them all sweet dreams."
She gazed at me silently with those big smoky brown eyes until I recovered my wits a little and squeezed her hand.
"Could you, please, Mister Lover, Sir, take me out of here now?" my wife pleaded.
Good thing I had her jacket to hold in front of me on the way out the front door.
While I climbed into the driver's seat, the valet held the passenger side door for my wife, who took his offered hand and got in slowly thanking the young man and giving him a big smile.
Before putting the car in gear, I turned to her and said, "Any man would love to have you, if only for an evening. I'm lucky and proud to be your lover."
She glanced at me shyly and lowered her gaze. "I'm glad my lover feels that way. But I'm still afraid my husband might not like me being so naughty."
I assured her that he would love it too.
"That's good. I can't wait to get you home, Sir."
She put on some music and steadfastly refused to talk about her time at the club the rest of the drive. She kept promising she'd tell me everything when we got home.
When we pulled into our driveway, I came around, opened her door, and leaned in to kiss her. She stretched like a cat and refused her jacket. She slowly swung one leg out at a time and, with her skirt ridden well up and the outdoor floodlights on I could clearly see she was wearing no panties. I tore my gaze upward to her face, which was wearing the sexiest smile.
Her beautiful kitty was bare except for a neat landing strip above; it had been a trimmed full bush that morning. I understood why the parking attendants ran to help her into the car as we left the restaurant.
She said, "The girls thought a Brazilian would look nice."
She seemed to think that explained everything.
"Nice," I said nodding my head.
The realization hit me like an electric shock.
"Lars didn't rub the outside of your panties; he put his fingers inside you!"
"Just his thumb. Before I knew what was happening he had his thumb inside me rubbing my G-spot and had his forefinger wrapped around my clitoris rubbing and squeezing. If I'd left his hand there another few seconds I'd have had a screaming, shuddering orgasm right there at their table."
"If you'd had that orgasm we'd have been banned from that restaurant for life." I shook my head.
"Just that one or the whole chain? I know I should've stopped him, but it caught me by surprise and it just felt so good I couldn't."
She looked up at me with those smoky eyes and I stared down at her with her legs open. She won.
"Until thirty seconds ago I thought I was as turned on as it's possible for a man to be. I was wrong."
She grinned and sashayed up the walk to the front door and turned around gazing out across the lawn practically naked from the waist up under the bright porch light.
I caught up and let us in the door and, dropping everything, grabbed her and planted the most passionate kiss I could muster on her soft red lips.
As I tried to cup her breast, she gently pushed my hand away and said, "Not down here. Come upstairs. I've had an extraordinary day and need to share it with you. I'm a little frightened of how you may react. I do so want you to be pleased."
'Wowser!I thought.
I enjoyed the view following her upstairs. In the bedroom she gently rebuffed another attempt to grab her and insisted I sit at the end of our bed.
I asked, "Are you just too tired from waitressing?"
She stared at me for a few seconds and responded, "Waitressing?" while doing the eyebrow thing.
She smiled, nodding and said, "Oh, I see. You still think I was hired as a waitress. No, I was hired as a performer."
I chuckled and explained that a girl isn't just hired as a dancer without an interview and an audition.
She nodded again, still smiling. "That's right. An interview and an audition." I called her bluff. "When were you interviewed? And when was your audition?"
Smiling slyly she said, "While you were watching those other naked girls before we ate
lunch."
'Other' naked girls? She was teasing, just toying with me, knowing that she was keeping Junior at full attention.
"So, you danced for the manager while you were gone from the table?"
"Not exactly dancing; I did explain to him what I wanted to do and he enthusiastically agreed for me to perform."
I knew how to call her bluff. "Collect many tips for your performance?" I inquired with a smile.
She modestly replied, "I've no prior experience to compare, but it sure seems like a lot to me," and upended her large purse on the bed. Out fell bundled stacks of bills. Lots of bills.
"The manager was happy with my performances. He offered to change these into large bills but I wanted you to see them all exactly as they were given to me."
I stared. She waited. My mind tried to process. I tried and failed to form words. There were bundles of every denomination from $20s, to $1s, there was even one bundle of $2s!
She prompted, "Is it a lot?"
I stammered, "There, there must be at least $4,000 there!"
"Actually, $5,200." she said quietly. "That's in addition to the $1,000 I donated to the Dancers' and Waitresses' emergency fund. I tried to donate it all but the girls wouldn't let me."
"Dancing?" I whispered.
"Well. No, it didn't all come from my stage performances. A lot of it came from private VIP performances." she explained.
In rapid succession the voice in my head shouted'VIP?''Private?'
She stood in front of me looking apprehensive.
I opened my mouth to say something suave and what came out was, "I'll have to list this as miscellaneous income on our 2013 tax returns." Suave!
She chuckled, shaking her head, then continued, "Honey, I'm told there are wi-fi cams all over that place. The manager records everything that happens. He made a DVD of my second stage performance as a present for the two of us.
"It's his way of thanking you for letting me do this. I haven't seen it yet. Would you like to watch it with me?"
I nodded. "Yes, please."
"Why don't you clear off the bed and get your clothes off while I get undressed and put the disk in the player?" she coaxed.
The stage was dark.
An overhead spot illuminated a dressing table and chair, a coat rack and a full-length mirror. The table held a hairbrush, face mirror, and other miscellaneous woman stuff.
I heard mellow jazz and a murmur of audience noises. As the music volume rose a stunning ruby-lipped brunette in a daring black dress, heels and black mesh hose strolled into the light to enthusiastic applause and whistles.
The dress was just above knee length in a wrap-over style. The halter-top plunged to her waist in front and was barebacked. It was a sexy dress worn by a sophisticated woman. Small pearl teardrop earrings adorned her earlobes.
She gave no sign she knew she had an audience.
I'm sure every man in that room lusted for her, wanted her just as badly as I did. The difference between them and me was that the woman was my wife.
I was completely bumfuzzled. The Lynne beside me whispered in my ear, "You like?" I nodded, making an animal sound deep in my chest, fixated on the screen.
The woman in the video put her small purse on the dressing table. Gazing into the full-length mirror she turned, inspecting herself. Her hands slid slowly up her chest to her neck pushing her black hair up, calling attention to her bare neck. The piano-and-bass jazz background was perfect.
She stood in that hip-shot sexy way women do and put the tip of a finger to her lips, obviously contemplating something. She glanced to the rear of the stage, toward the imaginary doorway through which she'd entered, as if making sure no one was coming.
Having satisfied herself she was alone she strolled forward on the stage, looking back once more to ensure no one was coming. The audience didn't exist.
She reached upward and mimed sweeping a set of floor-to-ceiling drapes open, first to the left then to the right, and gazed out her imaginary bedroom window.
For every man in the audience that picture window became real. As real as she was. We all became voyeurs peeking into this beautiful woman's bedroom, seeing what we were forbidden to see.
The jazz played on.
For me that window was even more real. Glancing around our bedroom, I realized the stage layout and window placement closely duplicated our second story bedroom. The drapery-covered picture window overlooks the pool and patio in our back yard. Beyond, over the fence, there is a good view into the rear windows of the houses in the next block.
My attention was drawn back to the screen where that exotic woman had been rubbing her breasts on the outside of her halter-top. Again, she glanced toward the entrance to her bedroom to ensure no one was coming. She untied her top lifting her hair with her hands.
As she turned to her left, looking at her make-believe window reflection the halter top slowly, sensually slid down her front exposing the two most succulent, milky white, pink-tipped breasts I've ever seen. Her fully erect nipples were jutting proudly, her up-tilted breasts jiggled marvelously as she moved.
A collective moan arose from the audience and me. Not at all the normal response to a stripper. Of course, this was not a normal performance and the woman was not a stripper. This lady was disrobing, baring her body for the voyeurs in her neighborhood; the guys recognized the difference.
She turned slowly to her right admiring the reflection of her breasts and incidentally giving every man in the building a good look. It was a glorious, erotic sight.
"You did that here?"
She looked away and bobbed her head slightly. "Many times. Please don't be angry with me. I had to."
"I'm surprised but not angry." She gave me a small uncertain smile. I love that woman.
Just when I thought the scene on stage couldn't get any more erotic, she slid her hands down to cradle her breasts. She lifted her orbs, weighing them and tweaking her nipples as she gazed out into the night through that imagined window. While pinching and rolling her nipples Lynne's head tilted back and she stiffened, giving several involuntary gasps, then licked her crimson lips.
I glanced to my right and Lynne was staring at the screen while pinching her nipples just like on screen. It was all I could do not to shoot all over the bed sheets right then. Hot doesn't begin to describe it.
The woman on stage then did something I'd never seen nor imagined my wife doing. She pinched her nipples tightly and lifted her breasts upward by the nipples, stretching the nipples and areolas as far as they would go, at the same time throwing her head back and letting out a moan that could be heard around the room.
The men cheered and clapped.
Okay, now that was the new most erotic thing I'd ever seen.
She tugged on her breasts, squeezing her nipples for what seemed like hours but was probably only a few seconds. Her shoulders tightened and she started panting in little gasps, her chest rising and falling, her tight belly rippling. She froze, standing motionless except for a shudder running through her body, her eyes wide open and her crimson lips locked in a rigid 'O' that was oh, so suggestive. Slowly her body thawed. She sighed as her head came back level and she lowered her breasts, cupping them gently.
Several hundred men knew they had watched this elegant lady having an orgasm just from stimulating her nipples. The spell was broken by wild applause. The Lynne on screen gazed out her window at the neighborhood with those smoky, dark eyes.
The soft jazz played on.
She retreated a couple of steps toward the dressing table, listening for anyone coming, then turned back to her picture window, gazing at the imagined windows across the way. Her hand absently teased loose a bow tied at her right hip and the dress unwrapped itself from her waist and spiraled down her perfect legs.
Lynne stepped out of the dress, and moved closer to the window. My wife stood before that room full of men in just her mesh stockings, heels and a tiny pair of black silk panties, actually just a triangle in front, leaving her beautiful rear bare.
A tenor sax joined the piano and bass. Jazz.
With arms crossed under her breasts, she casually turned left and right admiring herself in the imaginary window reflection. Every man in the room got a good look at her legs and lovely tight, bare fanny. They clapped and cheered as she pretended she was entirely alone.
Her right hand crept down across her flat tummy and massaged her kitty outside of her panties. She looked toward the rear of the stage again before sliding her fingers into the top of those tiny panties. The camera did a close-up as her fingers rubbed her clit under the silk. So slutty.
She was just getting into a good rhythm when a door closed and you could clearly hear footsteps in the dark at the rear of the stage.
She snatched up her dress and dashed to the coat rack, hanging up the dress and grabbing the hairbrush. As this enchantress stood with her breasts bare, brushing her raven hair, a handsome man in a tux walked into the light. It was the Bouncer. The audience cheered and catcalled as he removed his jacket, cummerbund and tie, hanging them on the coat rack. He gave no sign he had heard any of it. He and Lynne were alone in that bedroom; there was no audience. Just two lovers and the sweet jazz.
He placed his hands on my wife's hips from behind and began kissing and nibbling her neck and ears. She loves that.
I realized my wife beside me was looking up at me apprehensively, chewing her bottom lip. "You weren't there and I needed someone to help me. Greg volunteered. I'm sorry."
I searched her face and looked into her eyes. "No you're not. It's Okay."
She blushed and gave a small nod. "Thank you. I love you."
Back on the screen, the sultry brunette stopped brushing her hair and leaned back into her lover's chest, tilting her head back on his shoulder. His lips brushed her cheek as his hands slid up and cupped her breasts. The brunette onscreen arched her back, thrusting her hardening nipples into her lover's fingers. The contrast of his strong dark-tanned hands cradling her creamy white breasts was intensely erotic. I felt powerful jealousy, awe, pride and other emotions too tangled to label. His thumbs and forefingers tweaked and pulled her delicate pink tips. She sagged back into him and turned her head, nuzzling and kissing his neck. The bulge developing in the front of her lover's slacks evidenced his sexual excitement. Lynne's hand brushed, then rubbed, then squeezed, Greg's obviously large cock through the fabric of his slacks.
"It's huge! And, god, I never knew a man's balls could be that big."
Lynne was talking to herself as she gazed at the man onscreen. She wasn't even aware she had spoken aloud. My wife was talking about another man's equipment!
After an hour, or perhaps only seconds, she seemed to gather herself and turned out of his grasp, wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him into a deep lingering kiss. As he cupped her fanny cheeks and pulled her sex hard against his erection her lips parted and accepted his tongue into her mouth. Her eyes were closed and she stood on one foot, the other foot raised well off the floor. The audience went wild.
"It wasn't supposed to happen that way. He was just supposed to cross his arms under my breasts. I turned into him and kissed him to get his hands off my breasts. I guess we both got a little carried away."
Before I could respond the exotic brunette stranger on screen turned back around and sighed back against her man's broad chest. As she squeezed and rubbed her breasts, her lover returned to kissing her neck and ears.
She explained, "I was holding my breasts so he couldn't fondle them."
His kissing and nuzzling of Lynne's neck was obviously getting to her again; she tilted her head back into his shoulder. Greg seized the opportunity and slid a hand into the top of my wife's silk panties, inserting a finger into her as the camera zoomed in.
Her eyes went wide as she clamped her legs together tightly. Within seconds her knees had involuntarily parted. She closed her legs again, more weakly this time. Again her legs opened reflexively. He was rubbing Lynne's clit with his palm and fingering her deeply, obviously right on her vaginal G-spot. Lynne placed her hand on the outside of the fabric and tried to hold his hand still but it was clearly too late.
She was on fire and his hand already had her past the point of no return. All resistance drained from her as she returned her hands to tweaking her nipples and moved her feet apart, giving her lover full access to her pussy, surrendering herself to him fully. She groaned, turning her face to his. She nipped and sucked his lips with an urgency, a hunger that most men, including me, have never experienced. She sucked his tongue with her scarlet lips, moaning loudly all the while in rapidly rising pitch.
As he inserted another finger and increased the pace of his attack on her, she raised her hips to meet his hand and rocked in time with his fingers as they ground away at her erogenous nerve center. I nearly came when Lynne slid her hand inside the elastic waistband of his slacks, down to encircle his cock and stroked him in time with his fingers moving in and out of her.
On the bed beside me, my wife went wide-eyed. "Oh, God! I don't remember actually doing that. I thought I just imagined it."
Greg inserted a third finger into my wife and sped the pace again. Lynne's hips rocked in tempo with his fingers. Their moans became louder and they were both breathing hard. Hell, everybody in the club and in our bedroom was breathing hard, too!
Onstage, she finally broke the kiss and gave a wordless cry of ecstasy. Not a little 'eek'. She let out a full volume finger-slammed-in-the-car-door kind of scream. Her back arched; her entire body tensed. His body tensed. Everybody's body tensed. She grabbed his wrist, forced his hand hard into her, and held it there with every ounce of her strength. Her thighs slammed shut on his hand. For that same eternity his other hand pinched her left nipple causing her to orgasm again and again, her eyes and mouth open wide in a now soundless scream.
I could tell by the familiar motion that the fingers of her other hand was feverishly rubbing the underside of the tip of his cock. She knows that'll bring a man off faster than anything else. He bellowed deep in his chest and his hips bucked uncontrollably. The audience roared, clapped, whistled. Then they both became still and things got quieter. After a time the two reluctantly slid their hands free. My wife's lover gathered her in a tender embrace that stabbed at my heart like nothing else I've ever experienced.
Greg guided Lynne to a seat, tilted her chin up, exchanging a lingering kiss while cupping her breasts tenderly. He whispered into her ear and she nodded. He kissed her neck, turned away, took his clothing from the coat rack, and walked into the darkness through the imaginary door.
Who had the mystery man been? Husband? Lover? Voyeur neighbor?
As her breathing calmed the intoxicating beauty onstage rose from her dressing table, her panties sliding to the floor. She turned her back to the window, bent deliberately at the waist and picked up the panties, dropping them on the dressing table. Her fully open inner and outer lips were engorged to a bright pink and resembled the petals of a delicate orchid. I gazed at the screen in wonderment, my jaw slack, as my naked wife, my life-mate, this sultry, sexy woman I'd never met, straightened and sashayed toward the imaginary window.
She gazed out at the night, turning left then right so all of the men could gaze at her gloriously naked and swollen sex from every angle. She rubbed herself slowly for about a minute. She spread her legs apart and inserted her two middle fingers while continuing to rub her swollen clit with the palm of her hand, mimicking the motion her lover had used to bring her to orgasm.
In and out, round and round, faster and faster. She bucked, threw her hips forward then back first to the left then the right. She was going to share this one with every man in her audience. Squatting on her heels, she sank her fingers deep and palmed her clit furiously. She lowered her head and gave a guttural moan, the most primal sound I've ever heard a woman make. Her hand froze as she raised her head, slammed her knees together and cried out. She went down on her knees and one hand, swaying unsteadily, panting.
I knew how the men there felt. We all watched my wife bring herself to climax. She had never allowed even me to see that before sharing it with several hundred other men. We each had helped her have that orgasm. We had willed her over the edge and we were spent. Some of us, I'm sure, had orgasmed with her. The silence shattered, the crowd thundered applause, standing, clapping, cheering and whistling.
I watched my naked wife on our bed as she watched herself on our high definition TV. I wondered if she was even aware she was squeezing her breasts and rubbing her clitoris as she watched the exotic naked beauty masturbating onstage for hundreds of men.
I tried to fathom whether it excited me more to see my Lynne orgasming on stage for all those men or to see her in person, rubbing herself toward another orgasm as she watched herself doing the same thing for hundreds of breathless men onstage. It's a puzzlement.
As the applause finally faded, this glorious woman, my beautiful naked wife stood on unsteady legs. She slowly closed the curtains on her imaginary stage window, resumed her seat at the dressing table and continued brushing her hair. The men were subdued, quiet- not knowing what would come next.
The stage faded to black; the jazz faded away to polite but uncertain applause.
All of the stage lights came back up and Lynne, still naked except for earrings, hose and heels walked slowly back to center stage smiling and bowing left then right to thunderous applause.
At the front of the stage she turned full circle as she slid first one finger then the other from her hand that had pleasured her into her mouth and methodically licked them clean. Then, smiling wickedly, she slowly and deliberately licked and sucked each of the fingers on the hand that had pleasured her mystery man.
The men got it. And loved it. She received her second standing ovation and the sky rained money. Literally rained money. Wadded, folded, made into paper airplanes, rolled up with rubber bands, handfuls of loose bills, even bundles still in their bank wrappers. She had to walk carefully to avoid sliding down on the money.
Then this exotic, erotic beauty returned to the center of the runway and blew kisses to the men.
Behind her Greg walked back into the light to renewed applause, taking small bows and waving as he walked.
As he walked by her dressing table, Greg retrieved my wife's silk panties and held them to his face, inhaling her scent before tucking his prize into his pocket. Every man there wanted her panties but accepted that they belonged to her mystery lover by right of conquest. It's a guy thing.
He wrapped his arms around Lynne from behind and kissed her on the shoulder as the men whistled, cheered and clapped. Lord how they clapped. He whispered in her ear and she leaned back into his chest as before, tilting and turning her head toward him and joining with him in another deep open-mouthed kiss as he again wrapped his arms across her breasts. And again both the excitement and sweet agony of watching gripped my chest.
"He apologized for groping me earlier and I relaxed. Then the weasel did it again! Damn him." Lynne seemed upset but I didn't think it was anger or, not all anger, certainly.
As the applause began to wind down there was jazz again, sweet and haunting. The lights died to a single spot on the pair. Her mystery lover reluctantly broke the kiss and released her, walking back into the darkness.
The naked vision stood alone. The men waited, leaning forward in their seats in anticipation. What she did next was subtle but astonishing in its effect on her voyeurs.
She modestly covered her breasts with her left arm while covering her sex with her dainty right hand, her feet together and her head bowed demurely. The change, the contrast with her earlier exhibitionist performance was electric. Every man, including me, maybe especially me, suddenly felt naughty for peeping at this demure beauty's nakedness. A forbidden vision.
She only held the pose for a few moments before breaking the spell with a saucy curtsey and a big smile. She sashayed through the sea of currency to the rear of the stage as the lights faded to black.
The jazz faded away.
In our bedroom, the DVD ended and there was quiet. I was completely lost for words. Let me rephrase that: I was completely lost. I gradually realized that Lynne was staring at my face, searching for some clue whether I was pleased or angry.
I gazed at her in mute confusion. She finally let out the breath she had been holding. Apparently, she wasn't seeing what she needed to see in my face. Tears welled up in her eyes, spilling down her cheeks.
"I didn't realize how it would look to you. I don't even remember doing some of those things. You don't have to say it. I know I'm a slut. I've always been a slut; I've just been able to hide it until now. If you'll just give me a second chance I promise nothing like this will ever happen again. I'll behave myself from now on. I just couldn't help myself. I've fantasized about this since I was a teenager. I'm so ashamed."
Instinctively I reached out to take her in my arms and she actually flinched as if she thought I might hurt her. I reached again, more slowly, and took her into my arms, pulling her to me gently.
"Lynne, honey, hush. You've just made me the happiest, proudest, horniest, most confused husband who ever lived. Did I mention horniest?"
She pulled back and searched my face for some confirmation of what she had heard.
"Aren't you ashamed of me, angry at me?"
I shook my head, smiling. "Does Junior look unhappy?" Lynne stared at Junior and her eyes got big.
"Holy . . . that's the hardest erection I've seen all day." Seconds later her trance broke and her horrified eyes lifted to meet mine. "I said that out loud?" I nodded, still absorbing what I'd just heard.
She clapped her hand over her mouth, wide-eyed. I touched her shoulder and she murmured, more to herself than to me, "I lost my mind today. It was as if I was somebody else from the moment you walked out the door of the club. I can't explain it; I don't understand it."
Trying to reassure her I soothed, "I don't think you've lost your mind. And what I saw in that video, although some of it did hurt, does make me hornier than you can imagine.
"I've always known you're beautiful. I found out today that I'm married to the sexiest, most erotic woman in the world. What you did today showed a hunger to express yourself that astonishes me.
"All those men got to see you and share in your erotic fantasy. They all were thrilled to see and hear your orgasms. You could have gone home with any of those men tonight, including Greg. Probably especially including Greg. But you chose to come home with me and that makes me the luckiest, happiest man alive. I want to hear all the details but after the day we've both had I think it would be best to leave the rest until tomorrow."
She still was having a hard time believing what she was hearing. "Aren't you embarrassed by what our neighbors probably say about me?"
I shook my head and reassured her. "Probably every man on the block craves to peek at you and every woman on the block wishes it was her the men were craving to get a peek at. You've likely done more to improve the quality and frequency of marital sex in this neighborhood than a whole troop of marriage counselors ever could." That got a small smile and chuckle from her. Baby steps.
"There is one thing that does not please me at all."
The smile was gone and her eyes looked fearful again. "What? I promise I'll be good from now on."
I explained that was precisely the problem; I didn't want her to be good from now on. "I love what you did today. Granted, most women would have started with putting a toe in the water, maybe accidentally flashing a nipple at the beach whereas you just jumped right into the deep end."
"I discovered today that my life-mate is an exhibitionist, that you need to display your body to men. You've hidden that need from me for ten years. It's not healthy to suppress such needs and I'm saddened you felt you had to conceal it from me. You didn't trust me enough to tell me about your need to show your body to other men."
"It wasn't you. It was me. You know how I was raised. I was ashamed that I had that craving to show myself. I was afraid you would be ashamed of me too."
"Honey, both Junior and I are thrilled with you. I've been trying to get you to loosen up and be more daring for me for years.
"The last thing I want is for you to pull back into your shell now. Nothing doing! You've outed yourself. Now we can play with it and both have fun. You see, your loving husband is as big a voyeur as you are an exhibitionist."
She gazed at me with those warm brown eyes. "I never thought you were serious. I just could not believe you would still love me if I let other men see my body. Do you mean it? Do you want me to show myself?"
I nodded, a goofy grin spreading across my face. "Speaking of showing yourself, you do realize that this video, along with videos and stills shot with their smart phones by the guys in the audience will get onto the Internet. Probably already have. Hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of men are going to see your delicious naked body."
A far-away look came to her eyes. She was in a trance again. "Millions . . ."
She absently stroked Junior while turning that thought over in her beautiful head. I whispered, "Honey, I want to make love to you. I've wanted that since you kissed all those guys goodbye as we left the club tonight."
Her expression hardened. She removed her hand from Junior and said firmly, "I don't want that now. I'm not going to let you make love to me tonight."
"You don't want. . ." It hurt. I felt a sudden dread, a hollow ache in the pit of my stomach. Scenes of Greg kissing her, caressing her breasts, bringing her to shuddering orgasms flashed through my mind. Had he already made love to her?
"No. You're not going to make love to me tonight. I don't need that now." She repeated herself firmly.
I must have looked desperate. "Are you and Greg . . ." I felt sick; I couldn't finish the question. I dreaded hearing the answer.
"Greg? No! Hell, no!
"Look, I've been at the highest state of sexual arousal of my life all night. I desperately need to be taken by my lover. Hard and rough. Making sweet love with my husband can wait until tomorrow. I want my lover to take me again and again while I scream for you to slam your cock into me deeper and harder. Pull my hair, bite my nipples, squeeze my boobs until I beg for release. Take me like the slut I am."
Well, this Southern boy can sure take a hint.
I flipped back the covers and reached for her. She crawled toward me and I grabbed her hair at the back of her head and pulled her to me, smashing my lips to hers with an urgency we've never had before. I pulled her lower lip with my teeth. Our tongues probed. Then she pulled back.
"Wait a second. I forgot something."
Sliding out of bed, she sashayed over to the picture window and threw back the drapes, first to the left then to the right. She gazed at her glorious nakedness in the window's reflection, turning first left then right before strolling provocatively back to me.
I would have sworn I heard mellow jazz.
She looked at me uncertainly. "Should I dim the lights?"
"No." I commanded. "Leave them on. Let 'em all see my slut wife being taken."
I pulled her forcefully onto the bed, lifted her saucy bottom into the air and pushed her head down onto the sheets. I mounted her from behind and took the slut hard and rough, just as she needed and so richly deserved.
- End Part 1 -
Part 2 is complete and submitted.
AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thanks for reading. This is my first story of any kind. Please vote then give me your comments so I can become a better writer.
Let me know if you'd like more stories about Lynne and her husband, what's-his-name.