Suzi was enjoying her new found sexual freedom. The liberty allowing her to be the slut she had obviously always desired to be, and what an outrageous slut she was. Her confidence was beyond measurement. Suzi was well aware of how fantastic her body was and she was familiar with all kinds of provocative clothing to enhance and show of her stupendous rack.
As she took a long relaxing shower, I trawled through her collection of sexy dresses and underwear, trying to pick out something to adorn her curvaceous body, for three strangers to remove and enjoy, as they bury their cocks and spunk deep inside her.
It was a strange feeling picking out something I would love to see her wear, knowing that it was not for my viewing pleasure, but for the arousal and pleasure of her three surrogate cocks.
"Could you bring the baby oil please!" Suzi yelled from the bathroom over the noise of the shower.
"On my way" I replied, picking up the baby oil and heading into the bathroom.
Suzi turned off the shower and began to pat her body dry with the huge white fluffy towel hanging over the towel rail. I watched in awe as my astonishing slut wife, slowly patted dry her beautiful breasts, her achingly desirable shaved pussy, those tanned delectable orbs of her buttocks and her smooth long slender legs.
Suzi handed me the bootle of baby oil and smiled.
"Rub this into my body, so I look shiny and smooth for the guys later!"
My stomach flipped with excitement and jealousy at the thought of three guys enjoying the pleasures of my hot wife's body. Three different cocks stretching every one of her tight holes with her full consent. I could picture her panting and thrusting, demanding to be fucked as the three cocks bring carnal pleasure, bringing her to the heights of unfaithful ecstasy.
I squirted a line of oil across her breasts and began to smooth the shiny liquid into her skin. Her fabulous curves were shimmering with the fine coating of oil being absorbed by her skin. I poured a line of the shiny fluid down Suzi's spine and spread the oil into her tanned back. A small trickle ran down her spine and continue down the crack of her ass. I poured a little over each buttock and began to smooth the oil into her fleshy buttocks. My thumbs slipped between her buttocks as the slippery oil encouraged them to slide between her buttocks and gliding over her asshole and slide around her shaved pussylips.
"That is excellent. Keep touching my body and keep me on the boil for my lovers!" Suzi giggled as my thumbs grazed her tight slit and circumnavigated her pink tight puckered asshole. Suzi giggled once more and let out a soft moan of pleasure as my fingers and thumbs delicately massaged the sexy oil into her smooth tanned flesh.
"Oh! It's going to feel extraordinary having three cocks fuck me after you've been touching and teasing me!" Suzi whispered seductively "And only a few hours after being fucked so wonderfully by the Turkish brothers!"
Suzi placed her hands on the tiled wall, arched her back and thrust her perfect ass high in the air.
"Stroke my shaved slit and clitoris honey!" Suzi said in a very husky voice "Stroke me but don't let me come! Tease me and keep me aroused!" she declared.
I slid my digit finger along the tight groove of her smooth shaved slit, opening her labia slightly, then pressing gently on her aroused clitoris.
"Oh fuck yeah!" she panted, thrusting her clitoris toward my finger. I made small circular motions with my finger, feeling the throbbing heat from her pussy.
"Oh fuck! You're going to make me come!" she panted, then slumped disappointed as I removed my finger.
I felt rather pleased with myself, giving Suzi a little bit of torment, but knowing that she was now aroused and would do anything with the three cocks tonight, left a few pangs of jealousy.
Suzi walked in to the bedroom and saw that I had selected the Red and Black leather corset dress. There would be no requirement for underwear with this dress, as the front had a built in cup section for her breasts, which emphasised her breasts and the corset appearance of the garment.
It would easy to get in and out of the dress with little fuss, which should bode well for the remainder of her night. All that was left for Suzi to do, was to put the dress on and choose her footwear for the evening.
I helped Suzi into the clinging soft leather dress, placing her large firm breasts in to the built in cups of the dress. When her breasts were positioned, I tightened the lace up effect back, cinching her small waist even more so. Her breasts were pushed right up, almost spilling out of the top, as the curve of her breasts and her bountiful cleavage were the centre of attention. The shine of her dress and the oil induced sheen of her breasts was breathtaking.
Her narrow waist made her breasts look positively huge as she half turned to look at her reflection in the full length mirror. She looked so fantastically erotic I swallowed hard, my cock twitched to full erection and I felt my neck and face flush.
Suzi slipped her dainty feet into a pair of spike heeled black ankle boots that fastened with tiny bondage locks. The ultimate slut look was now complete. I could feel pre cum oozing from my cock as I looked at my perfect slut wife, standing there, dressed in tight figure hugging leather, about to leave the room and get fucked by three cocks.
I was proud, jealous, aroused, a little angry and somewhat confused. The mixture of emotions I was experiencing was a Molotov sexual cocktail, and my cock would be the source of explosion.
Suzi had never looked so sexy or erotic as she did right then. She was oozing sexuality, a beautiful sexy lady with a body built for sin, and she was dressed to please any red blooded male.
"I'd better text the guys and let them know I'm on my way!" Suzi giggled, smoothing the dress with her left hand as she clicked on her phone. She typed the message then pressed send. Looking directly into my eyes she smiled and said.
"So what will you do with yourself until I return?" She smiled rather smugly almost sneeringly.
"I'll go down to the cabaret room and watch some untalented person attempt to entertain me, while all I will be able to think about is my wife, sucking, fucking and riding three huge cocks!" I said straight faced.
"No jerking off! I have plans for your cock when I return, whenever that will be!" She said enjoying her stinging humiliating rebukes.
"As soon as they text, I will head off for my hot sexy date!" She smiled, shimmying her breasts, adding to my torment.
I stared at my wife with a mixture of love, lust and unabashed admiration. Two days ago none of this would have been possible without that half hearted drunken wager. In this two period Suzi has felt the length of six cocks filling one or all of her tight holes. That's probably as many cocks as she has fucked in her entire life, before her hot slut wife activities kicked in.
Suzi picked up a bottle of perfume and sprayed a waft into the atmosphere, stepping in to the mist of the spray.
"I'm pleased you like watching me being fucked!" Suzi smiled affectionately "Cause I must admit, its fantastic fucking all these guys!"
Suzi winked saucily as she moved close to me.
"I hope you enjoy having an unfaithful slut as a wife, because I fucking love being a cock loving slut!"
Suzi's pined pinged that a message had arrived. Scooping up her phone, she read the message as her eyes widened and smile emblazoned across her face. Popping her phone in to her handbag, she looked up, smiling salaciously.
"Time for this slut to go on her date with three men! I'll be bringing so much spunk back with me later!" Suzi giggled stroking my cheek with her talon like nails. A quick peck on the cheek ,then she headed out of the door, swaying her hips like a slut on mission.
My torment had just begun.