Saturday: I told Angela we should ask friends and coworkers for advice about anal sex before we actually tried it the next weekend. She was hesitant. I explained, "Darling, it isn't necessarily for the advice. It's the excitement of telling someone and having them know you're so sexy. It's not showing your breasts or butt to strangers; it's showing your nature to people you know."
She nodded, "It does sound exciting! It will be hard, but I'll try it."
"Let's each try three people sometime this week. You can tell them I asked you to do it and you want to please me, but you're scared, or something like that, if you want."
"Are you going to tell your friends that I asked you to do it?"
"Hah," I laughed. Then, "Maybe I will. I want them to know you're a hot, sexy slut for me."
"Jeepers! This is all so embarrassing! And exciting." She tilted her head down, opened her lips, and looked at me with wide eyes. Holding my gaze, she reached up under her skirt. When I saw her hand again, she was holding a shiny wet forefinger out toward me. "See what it's doing to me?" She reached toward my face, "Can you smell it?"
I lunged forward and captured her finger with my lips, "Mmmm, delicious!"
Sunday: I went through Angela's clothes drawer and threw away all her bras. I loved watching her breasts move freely under her tops, and I wanted her always to be on display sexually.
Monday: We practiced having Angela deep throat my dick. That led to something else fun. We also rimmed each other, after both of us wore the anal plugs all day.
Tuesday: We stepped up to the next size anal plugs.
Wednesday: When I picked her up from work she had an extra sparkle in her eye.
"I did it!" She said.
"What?"
"I asked Donna, Becky and Cathy about butt sex."
"How'd it go?"
"Donna thinks you're abusive and controlling."
"What!"
"At lunch Cathy asked me if I had stopped wearing bras, and I told her you threw them all away. That opened the door to talk about sex stuff. Cathy said I looked cute without a bra on, but Donna sincerely told me I don't need to do everything you tell me to. That's when I asked them about the butt sex.
"I had to tell Donna three times that I want to try. I asked her if she ever had and she said no, and she never would, it's just too nasty. Becky said she and her boyfriend tried it a few times, mostly because he really wanted to, that it hurt every time, and that he keeps asking or even trying, but she never wants to do it again.
"Cathy was just sitting there quiet, but then she said she had done it, and that she liked it a lot."
"Jim fucks Cathy's butt?"
"No. She said she did it with a boyfriend years ago. She said it took a few tries to get it right, but she loved it. She wishes Jim were interested in her butt, then she said she really liked having it licked, that I should get you to do that. She said, 'get him to toss your salad!' I guess that's one thing they call it. I told her we've tried that, and that I lick your bottom too. Donna said we were both disgusting and went back to work. Becky actually seemed intrigued by the licking idea. Cathy said, 'Tell him to worship your ass! Say you want to sit on his face. Your ass is like a postage stamp: you have to lick it before you stick it.' The rest of the afternoon, Cathy kept looking at me. When she'd catch my eye, she'd poke her tongue out at me.
"I'm so hot and wet, darling! I just want to go home and -- you know -- and this isn't even the way home! Where are we going?"
I was taking a freeway onramp when she asked. "Just going for a ride, with your tits out, please. Take your top off?"
"You're such a tease! My panties are all wet already," she said, taking her top off, "and look, my nipples are poking right out." They sure were. "No, don't look! You have to watch where you're going."
"I'll keep my mind on my driving, mostly. Open the glove box." I had bought a new vibrator and put it there for her to find. "I want you to have an orgasm while we drive."
She flipped her skirt up and slid her panties off. It only took her moments to understand how the rechargeable device worked and apply it effectively to her pussy.
I concentrated on driving, mostly, including putting us in the center lane so I could match speeds with cars or trucks, allowing the driver to see Angela's beautiful breasts, her facial expressions while she pleasured herself, or her thighs and the hand working between them.
The mental stimulation and the effective vibrator quickly brought her to fever pitch. She moaned with her head lifted, her eyes closed and her hand working between her legs.
I put us right beside a big crew cab pickup full of construction workers, matched speeds, then sped up and slowed down repeatedly. Not a dangerous move, but one that soon caught the driver's attention. I saw his expression change when he realized what Angela was up to. I set the cruise control. Soon four sets of appreciative eyes were enjoying some aspect of Angela's performance.
Her chest flushed, her nipples hardened like little love bullets, her legs jerked up, down, together, apart, and her belly muscles clenched and rolled while the vibrator buzzed on. Finally she pulled the vibrator away and turned it off, her legs splayed apart. I tapped her arm. She opened her eyes. I pointed out the window.
Behind the driver of the crew cab, two of the construction workers were staring at her. When she looked, they gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up and applause.
Angela's first response was to cover her breasts with her hands, but quickly she smiled and instead, cupped them upward and turned toward the window to present them to her audience.
I accelerated ahead of the truck and took the next off-ramp. We were about twenty miles from home in an area of gas stations and fast food places. I had to pull over for a minute. My dick was rock-hard, my heart was racing, and my hands were shaking.
I got Angela's top and draped it on her. Then I gave her a big, open mouthed kiss.
"Gosh, that was exciting," I said. "Tell me the truth, did it make it better?"
"Make it better? To have those guys looking at me, wanting me, knowing how naughty I am? I could cum again just thinking about them."
"What if you were riding in that truck with them? And they were touching you everywhere with their rough, dirty hands? Putting their dicks in you, fucking your mouth, your pussy, and your ass?"
"Oh gosh! Don't talk about it. I'm yours. I only want your dick in me, only yours."
I grabbed the vibrator where it lay on the seat between us, switched it on, and slid it between her legs to touch against her clit. "What if I wanted you to, Angela? What if I told you to get in that truck and do everything I just said."
"Jeepers!" She was squirming and writhing, humping up at the vibrator. "I wouldn't want to, but I'd do it. You'd keep my clothes and make me get in the truck with them. You'd tell me to suck all their cocks and let them fuck me. I'd say no! I only want you, but you'd insist."
I reached over with my other hand and put two fingers at the entrance to her pussy. It was dripping and wide open. I pressed them all the way in and began to rub them on the front inside her. I said, "They'd pinch your nipples and grab your breasts with their big fingers, pull your hair, and slap your ass until it was red."
"You'd tell them not to bring me back until cum was dripping out of my butt, I mean out of my asshole, and my pussy, and sprayed and splattered all over my face and my, my tits. You'd say my favorite thing is rimming and licking men's hairy sweaty buttholes and sucking their balls into my mouth, and, and, Oh Jeepers! Ah, oh, goshfuckme!" She orgasmed hard, releasing more fluid into my hand, clutching at my shoulders and burying her face against my chest.
I put my arms around her, hugging her tight. After a few moments, her shoulders were shaking and she was burrowing her head into my chest. I realized she was crying. She looked up at me, tears shining in her eyes.
She said, "It's just talk, isn't it? I don't want strange men. I only want you."
I answered, "Oh, Angela! I love you so much. It's just talk, exciting sex talk. It makes you wet and it makes me hard and we love it and we love each other. Just talk."
"Umm," she said, and kissed me. Then her hands were busily at work with my zipper and fly, and my hard dick was out and her mouth was on it.
"Oh my god, Angela! That's so good! Stay right there. Hold me in your mouth."
I turned the car back on and pulled out onto the street. Driving carefully, I went a couple blocks and pulled into a fast-food restaurant drive-through. At the order kiosk I asked for small fries and a chocolate shake. Angela likes chocolate shakes. She sucked vigorously on the head of my cock. When we reached the first window, she deep-throated me as best she could in the awkward position, sliding her whole head up and down. I moved the car shift lever into park, and rolled up on my hip to get at my wallet. With shaking fingers I got out the money, while the college kid inside the window got an eyeful of Angela's bobbing head and bare back.
I put the car back in drive and we inched forward in the line of cars.
Angela swirled her tongue around the head of my cock and licked the shaft from bottom to top, then captured the head with her lips again. She sucked hard, licking at the underside as she did. We arrived at the second window and I managed to slam the car shift into park again just as my dick began to twitch, tighten and explode.
Looking into the window, I saw that the young man from the first window, and one other were just behind the young woman who said, "fries, and a chocolate shake?"
Angela pulled her head up, and pumped with her hand. Four quick blasts of ejaculate hit her in the face. My cum splattered her forehead, dripped from her nose, and ran off her chin. She leaned across me to put her face near the car window and asked, "May we have some extra napkins please?"
Thursday: We put in the largest size of the training plugs. This day was my last chance to follow through on the challenge to talk to someone about our anal aspirations. I said as much to Angela in the car on the way to work. She was going out that evening with Becky and Cathy, and I was having some friends over to watch the game.
Angela was energized and animated, her eyes gleamed and her light-hearted enthusiasm shone out. "Remember," she said, "we also need to talk about penetrating your behind for the prostate stimulation."
"Oh, right." I almost began to regret this particular idea. Telling three of my guy friends that Angela was going to fuck me in the ass with a dildo was an intimidating prospect.
Then she opened her pocketbook to show me that she had the two smallest plugs in there. "I'm going to see if I can convince Cathy and Becky to wear these when we go out tonight. If the effect on them is anywhere near what it is on me, you are one of three guys that are going to be very happy tonight."
That evening Todd, Dave, and Chuck came over. We had a good time watching the game, drinking a few beers, and catching up. I was distracted, the plug in my butt reminded me that I needed to ask them about anal. Finally, I just did it. "Guys, Angela and I have been getting more adventurous about sex since we got married."
"That's usually the opposite of what happens, isn't it?" Todd asked.
"Adventurous how?" Chuck asked.
"Have any of you guys ever done anal?"
"Oh, yeah, we did it a few times," Chuck said.
"Actually, I kind of tried for it with Brittany after your wedding reception," Todd said.
"We do it," Dave said.
"What's it like? Angela and I are going to try this weekend, and I want to make sure it goes well. Have you got any advice?"
Todd said, "I advise you don't just try to switch holes when you're both drunk. That's a bad idea."
"Just make sure you grease things up good," Dave said.
"Yes!" Chuck said. "Lots of lube, and take your time."
"I just fucking flip her over and shove it in," Dave said.
"Does she like that?" I asked. "Is that okay with her?"
"Who cares if she likes it? She likes it better than getting the shit beat out of her."
"Jesus, Dave!" We were all staring at him.
"What?"
"That's not right man."
"It's not like I beat her all the time. Listen, the first time after we got married that I wanted to fuck her and she said no, I just pinned her down and went ahead. When I wanted her to suck my wang, I had to slap her around to get the point across. When I decided to fuck her ass, I pinned her down and beat her until she stopped struggling. One time. Now she does what I want when I want."
"Dave, that's some fucking sick shit."
"I'm the man in my house."
I said, "I can't... Dave, you gotta get outta here. I can't be your friend."
"Fucking pussy!"
But he left.
Nobody said anything for a while. We watched the game. I got us all another beer. We watched some more.
Chuck said, "I hate that misogynistic shit. You know, when it comes to anal, like if you look at porn they sometimes call it painal, and guys are treating the woman like some kind of cum receptacle and it's like hurting her is part of the turn-on. But if you read about it, men's and women's asses are full of nerve endings, and people can have orgasms from anal stimulation. Who's going to have an orgasm while they're being hurt? Well, that's a whole other thing. Sorry." He waved his beer and slumped back in his chair, like the "sorry" was for getting wound up and making a speech.
"No, no, no. You're right," I said, and waved my beer, like "cheers." So we all took a swig. "So any other advice?"
"Foreplay. Get her in the mood, get her relaxed, make her feel good, make sure she's loose and lubed. Everything you'd do before you fuck her pussy you can do to her ass before you fuck her there."
Todd said to me, "I'm sorry to be thinking of your wife this way, but Angela does have a great ass. Picturing her getting it in the butt is kind of a turn-on." Then he turned to Chuck. "This is part of what I did wrong with Brittany. So I'm thinking you don't just put your dick in there either. You might start with something else, like a finger, and work up to it over several sessions."
"You might try talking to her about it before you touch her there again, then go real slow."
That's when I told them about the plugs.
Todd said, "Wait! You're doing it, too?"
"The prostate, man. I've heard that getting your prostate stimulated is really something. Angela wants to do it, and I figured fair's fair."
Chuck was nodding his head. He said, "You know, we don't do anal often because it's a big production. Regular sex gets you there with a lot less effort. But maybe we'll try some fingering. Maybe Helen would want to finger my ass. That's a good idea."
A little later Angela came home.
The glow of her cheeks, the gleam in her eyes, her half-open mouth, and the stiffness of her nipples moving under her thin top showed me right away that she was excited by whatever happened during the evening. The guys saw it too, and reacted. The room was full of sexual excitement.
They rose to meet her. Hah! I mean they stood to greet her, but I think they rose a little -- in their pants -- too.
She came to me, hugged me, kissed me, held it a little longer than the usual public greeting. Then she did something similar for each of them, a little more familiar than in the past, the kind of hug and kiss that would have a jealous wife or girlfriend wondering about the slut moving on her man.
I'd been sitting in a chair, Chuck and Todd at the ends of the couch. As we sat again, Angela put herself between them. "What have you guys been up to?" She asked. She directed a knowing look, a little smile, and a tiny nod at me.
I gave the answer she wanted, "We were talking about anal sex."
She giggled, her neck and face flushed, and she dropped her head, all the signs that she was about to say or do something that both embarrassed and excited her. "Did I come home a little too soon? Were you about to put your penises in each others butts?"
"The only butt here that's getting a penis put in it is yours."
"Were you all talking about fucking MY butt?" She turned and laid her head on Chuck's shoulder and looked up into his eyes. Her hand fell into his lap. She massaged his visibly hardening dick. "That sounds like fun, Chuck, but what would Helen say?" Before he could say anything, she was turning toward Todd. She contrived to do it in a way that her behind was pressed up against Chuck. One hand was on Todd's shoulder, the other groping HIS dick. "Are things not working out with Brittany, Todd?" Quickly she sat back again. She looked at me, a hand now resting in each of their laps. "You probably want to watch your friends fuck my butt, don't you? Please don't make me take anyone else's dick in my ass -- until you've busted my anal cherry." She hopped up from the couch and came to sit on the arm of my chair. "I'm sorry for teasing you guys. It's not fair."
We all stared at her.
"What's gotten into you tonight?" I asked her.
"Four margaritas and that big plug you stuck in my butt this morning," she answered. "Did you tell them about the plugs?"
"I did."
"Do you guys want to see?"
Chuck said, "I think we'd better get going."
Todd looked disappointed about what Chuck said.
Angela said, "Relax, guys. I'm not trying to tempt you, I'm just trying to tease you." She looked at me. "Can't we show them before they go?"
"Well, okay."
"Great!" She hopped up from the chair arm, bent forward to kiss me, then went back to sit on the couch with the guys. "You go first."
"What!"
"Show us your butt and your buttplug."
"Angela, these guys don't want to look at my ass."
"But I do, and then I want all of you to look at mine."
So I dropped my pants and leaned forward against the chair so they could get a good look. Then I pulled my pants up and sat down. Angela moved across the room and into the same position, her hands on the chair arms to either side of me. With her face inches from mine she said, "Pull up my skirt and show your friends the plug you put in my ass, if you want to."
I did want to, and I did it. It was incredibly arousing and my dick was rock-hard.
But then there was nothing else to do, but for the guys to leave, knowing we were going to have sex the instant they walked out the door.
When they were gone and we were in the bedroom, we removed each other's plugs as we had done every night that week, I took them into the bathroom to clean them for tomorrow.
Angela begged me, "I'm ready and I want it so much honey! Can we do it tonight?"
I played dumb. "Do what?'
She grabbed the sides of my head and hissed from inches away, "I-want-your-dick-in-my-asshole!"
"I love that you are so eager, and that you're loosening up in how you talk, and who you talk dirty to, but not until tomorrow. Let me lick your asshole, though."
We got into a 69 position, but curled tightly so that our asses were in each other's faces. I licked Angela's ass crack, swirled my tongue around the hole, pressed at the rubbery muscle and felt it flex more readily than it had a week ago, so I plunged my tongue into the hot center of her back passage.
She did the same to me, then moved her head to take my ball sack into her mouth, sucking and licking each ball eagerly and thoroughly.
When she began to lick at my cock shaft, I shifted my attention as well. I trailed my tongue from her asshole across the taint to the wide wet lips of her pussy. My chin pressed against the mound above her clit.
Soon she began to rock against me. I slapped my tongue across her silky, sodden slit, then curled and plunged it in.
She took the meat of my cock head into her mouth, sucking and licking as she had the balls.
I pulled my face out of her pussy to suggest, "push a finger into my asshole, and I will do the same to you."
Her finger pressed through the ring and worked upward toward my prostate. I pushed one finger deep inside her, then corkscrewed it in there. Encouraged by her gasps and faster breathing, I sucked on her clit and added a second finger. Soon she was gasping and squirming. My forgotten dick lay unattended as she rocked and rolled through a powerful set of orgasms.
When she finished she pulled her pussy away from my mouth. I rested with the two fingers still in her ass passage. She recaptured my cock, sucked hard, and drove it deep into her throat. Our practice sessions were paying off. The spasming of her throat around my cock, and her probing fingers in my ass took me to a violent orgasm of my own. She swallowed it all down, then held my shrinking cock gently in her mouth.
We lay in a 69, heads on each other's thighs, fingers in each other's asses. After a few moments I realized the margaritas had taken their toll and she was asleep. Without moving, I dozed off myself.
The next day was the longest work day in history. By the time I picked Amanda up after work, I felt like the plug in my ass had grown three times bigger, and my dick had too. She ran to the car with little mincing steps. "Oh my God! Can we please go right home?" After she clicked her seatbelt on she set her hand on my lap. "I need this rock-hard dick in my ass!" She almost screamed it at me.
At the next stop light she went one better. A young couple were walking down the street. She rolled down the window and said, "Hey!" to get there attention, then "I'm going home to get fucked in the ass!" Then we sped away.
We stumbled into the bedroom, shedding clothes eagerly, and fell onto the bed, locked in a passionate embrace. Her nipples were erect.
I caressed and groped them. I ran my hands down over her rib cage to her tender abdomen, then around to pull at her round ass cheeks. I felt the top of the butt plug, twisted it, pulled it gently outward, let the flex of her rectum muscles suck it back in. I did it all again.
I moved around behind her and played with the plug some more. I got some lube and rubbed it all over her ass cheeks, shining them up. I dripped more into her ass-cleavage and rubbed it around the plug. Again, I played anal tug-of-war with the plug, letting it work some lube inside. Then I pulled it out.
The ring stayed relaxed, shining in the bedroom light. Inside it the red interior quivered and a drop of lube gathered at the lower end. I plunged my face down on it to suck at her anus, lick it, and plunge my tongue as deep inside as I could.
"Oh my gracious! Sweet face in my ass!" Angela babbled. She strings together near-obscenities in the most delightful way when she's aroused. "Lick it! Eat my ass!" She looked back over her shoulder, grinning. "Darling, let me see you grease your penis! Lube your tool and shove it in my backdoor."
I stood back and massaged lube all over my dick. I drizzled more of it onto her rump and watched it run into her slack asshole. I took two of my lube-slathered fingers and rammed them in there. Twisting them and tugging at the rim, I spoke, "Are you ready, Angela? I want to own your asshole. Are you ready for my cock?"
"Put it in! I need it now."
I rubbed the head up and down her split tail. Her pussy was wide open and sopping wet, the lube shone on her ass-globes and in the heavenly valley. I paused with the head in the hole, then pressed in.
"Oh, ahh, ummm," she moaned as the ring stretched inward and began to give way, then, "Oh, fuuuck yes!" when my head slid through.
I paused there while I reached around to diddle her clit with the fingers of one hand. As she began to pant, quiver, and push back, I slowly and steadily pressed the length of my dick into her, until I was buried. Her asshole disappeared behind my pubic thatch.
While I thrust into her, I gripped her pubic bone with fingertips touching her clit and just entering the opening. Passion overtook us both. She shook and sobbed and grunted; I growled, groaned, and pounded at her. Her asscheeks bounced and jiggled; my heavy balls swung between my sweating thighs. She squealed out as an orgasm rose from deep in her core to transport her to an eye-rolling, leg-shaking level of near-unconsciousness that I'd never witnessed before.
"Oh my darling ass-plunder-fuck-sweet-goshdarn!" She blurted.
I erupted like a volcano, spraying hit jets of cum deep inside her pillaged ass-tube, matching her incoherence with, "You sweet ass, Angela, fuuuck you fucking ass queen!"
We collapsed together, me atop her, and lay in a sweaty post-fuck pile.
My dick softened and slipped from her greasy asshole. I pushed myself off her and gazed down at her pale buttocks, dark cleft, and gaping hole oozing cum and lube, it's deep mysteries shining and red. Irresistibly drawn to it, I bent and began to lick and suck.
Angela sighed with pleasure and relaxed. "You love to lick my butt -- my asshole -- don't you, darling?"
"I do. I feel extra naughty licking up the cum that's leaking out of it."
"It feels so -- so fucking good when you do it," she sighed. "I want you to lick my asshole and never stop. Would you lick my asshole" -- she seemed to be reveling in saying asshole now -- "in the morning if I stuck my ass in your face?"
"I would love to wake up and lick your asshole." I pressed my face into her ass and slurped at the lube/cum mixture oozing from it.
"If I came to your office at lunchtime, would you put your head under my skirt and lick my asshole?"
"I would rather eat your asshole than lunch." I mouthed her anus, sucking the still-slack ring into my mouth.
"If I sat on your face at night, would you lick my asshole?"
"I would stick my tongue as far into your asshole as I could." I jabbed at the center with my tongue.
"Would you lick my asshole while I fell asleep for the night?"
"I would lick you gently and love you forever." I dabbed at her with my tongue tip.
Then she pushed my head away. "But now it's my turn to fuck and lick and worship your ass. Get on your hands an knees."
I complied eagerly. Now was the time for me to enjoy the anal pleasure and prostate stimulation I'd spent the week preparing for. I sighed as she manipulated my buttplug, and again when she pulled it free. The air cooled my open anus as she rubbed it with lube, massaging and stretching the muscle collar.
She said, "I want to lick and suck your ass, too. And then I'm going to fuck it."
She licked and rimmed my asshole, plunged her tongue inside. Then she pushed two lubed fingers into it, scissoring and twisting them. When she pushed them in, I moaned with pleasure; when she pulled them out, I groaned in disappointment.
My head was resting on my arms.
"Look," she said.
I turned my head to look back. She was running her hand up and down the big double dildo, smearing it with lube.
She said, "I'm going to fuck your ass with this big dick until you scream with pleasure. I'm going to pound your prostate until you squirt. I'm going to own your asshole."
"Do it now and do it hard! I can't wait any longer." I rested my head on my arms. When I felt the slick dong-head pressuring my tight hole, I had a moment of misgiving, but I pushed through, by pushing out, straining like I was trying to expel it. My ass flowered open and the dong-head slid in. "Ahh," I exhaled.
"Oh my!" Angela exclaimed. Then she pushed it farther up my ass-passage. The fullness and the weirdness of it were exciting, and the week of buttplug-wearing and the lube made it painless. Soon she was ravaging my asshole, sawing the silicone boner in and out with wild abandon. I looked back at her; her face was a picture of lustful concentration: eyes focused, nostrils dilated, mouth slightly open, cheeks flushed.
Lube flowed down over my balls and the shaft of my dick. Angela ran her other hand through what they call the taint and over my slick testicles. She grabbed my shaft and pumped it. Her two hands worked in time, one milking my cock and the other working the dildo across my prostate. The prostate orgasm was less acute, but the ejaculation more extended than ones I was used to. For what seemed a long time, every tug of one hand and thrust with the other stripped another strand of cum from the end of my dick. It was a unique sensation and I loved it.
Finally I collapsed away from the invading dildo. Angela could no longer tug my cock as I pressed it against the bed. "No more," I said. "I'm done."
She lay beside me and kissed me. "Did you love it?" She asked.
"I did. I love you, and I love your dick in my ass."
"So can we go buy a strap on one tomorrow?"
"Let's."