Exhibitionists are made, not born. Children have no shame in their nakedness. However they may come to be conditioned to associate exposing their bodies with social transgression though, they've been with us for a while.
"The men played on pipes of lotus. the women on cymbals and tambourines, and such as had no instruments accompanied the music with clapping of hands and dances, and other joyous gestures. Thus did they while on the river: but when they came to a town on its banks, the barges were made fast, and the pilgrims disembarked, and the women sang, playfully mocked the women of that town and threw their clothes over their head."This is Herodotus in the fifth century BC, describing the exhibitionism of Egyptian women on the way to festival at Bubastis, the city of cats.
It may be late in the game to point out that my wife Kate is an exhibitionist, but it seemed like I'd missed the early signs only to have them flashing at me after Kate's encounter with the truckers. She had exposed herself several times without going off the rails as she'd done with Pat and Gene. We'd visited nude beaches a couple of times and she'd stripped off immediately, while it took me some time to adjust and peel off my own swimming trunks. That wasn't an explicitly sexual atmosphere, though. Lots of people like going au naturel when swimming or visiting a nudist camp and it's more about the freedom of nudity than about sex.
The first outdoor music festival we went to, when we were dating, Kate had asked to sit on my shoulders and I hadn't given it a thought, hoisting her up so she could see better, I supposed. I only realized she'd yanked up her shirt and exposed her naked tits to the crowd when guys started reacting and reaching up to feel her breasts. She fended them off and it was only then I noticed that five or six other women were also showing off their assets and having similar reactions with guys trying to grope them.
When I asked her later she'd shrugged it off as just going with the celebratory flow. It was a big party, she explained, and she'd just jumped in and gotten in the spirit of the moment. In any event it was a win for us both because we had hard driving sex later at home. The images I'd constructed in my mind of Kate exposing herself fueled intense sex with her for weeks.
I accepted her answer and the next concert we went to, some months later, she repeated the performance. It was kind of a turn on for me this time. Kate looks incredibly good and has beautifully shaped tits. I was proud to show her off as mine. She let herself get groped and felt up a bit this time but grew tired of it after only a couple of minutes. The men were getting pretty aggressive she said. But again, her exposure and the open groping ramped up my sex drive in the weeks afterward and Kate was well aware of what was driving me. We joked about it while catching our breath after fucking. She told me she'd be willing to run around naked downtown if I was going to fuck her like that as a result.
But at our third festival she rode it out for several minutes. Of course I couldn't see whaat she was doing- or having donetoher- when she was up on my shoulders, but I was well aware of the male hands and arms struggling to reach and feel her up. I left it up to her to say she was finished. It was only when the surrounding crowd grew raucous that she tugged at me to put her down. Some guy behind her had been trying to pull her shorts down and was probing her ass crack and she got scared. We were in real danger of being knocked down and it briefly became alarming. Once she had her feet on the ground- and I had my hands and arms free to swing- that the feeding frenzy dissipated.
Again, once we were out of the crowd and safely back in our motel room we fucked like we were possessed. We took it for the gift to our arousal that it was and only discussed it in a perfunctory way, as a one off that hadn't led to any extracurricular sex. In fact that had never crossed my mind until later. I imagined her getting felt up and used by crowds of men, powerless to resist and finally giving in to them, giving them what they wanted. It was all vague unformed and faceless fantasy in my head but whenever I felt my libido to be lagging, imagining Kate servicing strangers always got me hard as iron.
Kate liked to dance and she accepted requests from friends and strangers alike if I was present, which was most of the time since we seldom go out to taverns alone. She had once asked me if I needed a night out with the boys now and then.
"What boys?" I answered. "I had friends like that before I met you Kate, but I didn't get married to you to spend more time with the guys. I only want to be with you. If my friends couldn't deal with that I'd get new friends."
She smiled broadly and said "Right answer! I feel the same way."
So we were secure in our relationship and she was free to dance with anyone she wanted. Recalling how turned on I'd gotten at the concerts knowing that other men were looking at her naked body and touching her, she gave her dance partners some latitude in trying to feel her up on the dance floor as long as she knew I was watching.
This was her new tease and she played it well. We didn't go to wild and noisy clubs but to local bars and taverns, usually as part of a group of her friends or mine. So these weren't venues where much overt sexual activity was tolerated. If I was off in the can or busy talking with someone Kate would shut her dance partners down politely but emphatically. The tease was for my benefit alone.
But as soon as my wife could see I had my eye on her she let the men play grab ass and give her tits a brush or even a squeeze or two. It never lasted long. She'd allow a guy's hand to stray down to her ass and enjoy its contours for maybe thirty seconds or at most a minute before dragging his hand away. Some were persistent and she'd play that game for a while, letting him fleetingly grope her cheeks, then push his hand away only to have him pinch a nipple through her blouse. Occasionally there was some dirty dancing but that too was fairly tame and brief. No one was allowed to get too aggressive or push her boundaries too far or for too long.
It was foreplay for us. We had pillow talk where we'd talk about what had happened at the tavern and about sex with others but it was no more than story time to gets us cranked up for the main event, which was exclusively us.
So this is the back story to the day Kate fucked Pat Oswald and his co-driver Gene. That was both spontaneous and a relatively slow simmer that only boiled over when she climbed into Pat's sleeper, shutting me out of the illicit sex act. In fact it was that act of disregard that shook me, not the sex itself. It really set me back on my heels. I was caught off balance. Not only had she consented to sex with a stranger without my approval -in fact in spite of my strong disapproval- she'd lied to me about several incriminating details. The only thing that held us together was that we loved each other deeply.
Splitting up was never on the table or in the discussion. I was hurt and my trust was shaken to its foundation but I never doubted my love for her or hers for me. Kate tacitly acknowledged she'd fucked up. She was contrition personified in the following weeks without actually coming right out and asking for forgiveness. I knew the what, where and how of her deceptions. It wasn't necessary to enumerate them out loud. She knew she'd betrayed my trust and how she'd done it, in detail. And she knew it was her deceptions and outright dishonesty and manipulation that had wounded me.
The most explicit apology she ever gave was to say she knew she'd hurt me and all she could do from that point on was to behave in a way that demonstrated her devotion to me.
"I'm only human, Ben. I can't promise to be the perfect wife. I'd only be setting myself up for failure, and you for disappointment. But I can't imagine not having you in my life. If you feel like I need to be punished I understand why. Just don't make that punishment be withdrawal. I couldn't take that."
I didn't answer and didn't need to. Words can be just so much bullshit while actions tell the real truth. If I were to set out to punish her or try to get revenge she could take it- Kate has a strong sense of self- but it might damage us as a couple even further. And neither of us wanted the kind of marriage that would create.
In the wake of her rut with Pat and Gene we hadn't gone out with our friends much, and when we did she refused all offers to dance from other men. She wasn't confident that she could tease me without stirring up sore points and bad feeling and she was loath to take a chance that some guy might put the moves on her. It was just awkward. Everyone could see that the dynamic between us had changed but of course no one commented on it.
One good friend did speculate to her that we seemed to be even more of a committed couple than in the past, more self contained. Less playful than we had been but also more devoted to each other. Her friend was clearly fishing, probing for an explanation of what might have happened to work such a change. Kate just smiled and changed the subject.
Finally I told her that I missed her teases and wanted her to loosen up a little. We couldn't walk on eggshells for the rest of our lives. That part of our sex life, a hitherto fun and sexy aspect of our foreplay, had disappeared. It was a loss for both of us. A week later we went out with our group to a tavern and I ran into a co-worker of mine, Joe. Joe had had an open crush on Kate since he'd first laid eyes on her and she used to dance with him now and then. He didn't know why she'd suddenly put him in the deep freeze but I told him to ask my wife to dance, to cheer her up a little.
"Don't tell her I asked you, okay?"
He gave me a long look, then shrugged and when Kate returned to our table from a trip to the ladies he came over to us, leaned down and asked her to dance with him. Before she had a chance to react I said she'd be happy to dance.
"Go on Kate! You've always loved dancing with Joe."
She shot me a hard look but I just smiled and nodded, waving her off. Slowly she stood, and giving me a suspicious look, unsure of herself, she let Joe lead her to the dance floor. Joe was the perfect guy for her first foray into dancing with other men after Pat had fucked her. Joe was always well behaved and never groped her or tried to cop a feel. He knew she allowed it sometimes with some men- he wasn't blind- but had never wanted to show either of us any disrespect. He was a polite and classy guy.
It took most of the song before Kate began to loosen up and start to have fun. Joe's a good dancer and an especially nice guy. He never let his hands drop to her butt and studiously avoided any accidental brushes with her breasts. He held her by the waist and didn't pull her in tightly, just moderately close. Kate came back to the table smiling. She snuggled up next to me, thanking me without saying anything. She knew what I'd done.
I went to the bar to get us new drinks- our waitress was swamped- and Joe was there waiting for a beer. I thanked him for cheering up my wife.
"She's been a little down lately, not feeling as young and attractive as she used to."
"Ben, that's fucking crazy! Kate is hot! And she's not even thirty yet!"
"You know how it is for women, Joe. They get all this negative commentary on how they need to be perpetually young and fit to have any value. It eats away at the most beautiful women, undermining their self confidence. Kate needed a boost."
"Well I'm more than happy to help out. Kate's a sweetheart."
"You know Joe, Kate isn't fragile. You can touch her without breaking her. She's a big girl. She can say no if she doesn't like something you're doing."
His jaw dropped ever so slightly and he stared at me. Finally he managed to stutter out "What exactly are you saying, Ben? Are you asking me to feel up your wife when we dance?"
"Well, not in so many words, no. I'm just suggesting that you should enjoy her when you dance with her. Like I just told you, she needs a bit of an ego boost. If you paid her some special attention it wouldn't bother either one of us, me or Kate."
"Jesus Christ. I don't believe I'm hearing this!"
"Joe, this stays between us, okay? Kate will probably figure it out on her own and she'll be cool with it even if she tells you no. She really likes you. But no one else needs to know, right?"
"Whatever you say, boss." (I'm not his boss- he just calls me that.) "If it's groping you want it's groping you'll get."
Kate and I danced a bit and then sat back down. Not ten minutes after I'd spoken with him Joe reappeared at our table and was quickly out on the dance floor with Kate. He waited a bit before he made his move but when he did I couldn't help grinning. He slowly massaged her lower back before letting a hand creep down to her ass. Kate was wearing a little white dress, a mere slip of a thing held up by two insubstantial spaghetti straps, and short. The contrast between my wife's pure as the driven snow dress and Joe's chocolate brown hands was a a wonderful image.
As soon as he'd gripped her ass Kate, alarmed, looked up into his eyes, then shot a glance quickly in my direction. I smiled at her and gave her a quick thumbs up. Joe was inscrutable. With a quick look back at Joe's blank face she reached down and started to push his hand away, hesitated and then put both her hands back on his shoulders. Now Joe dropped his other hand down to her butt and gave her a trial squeeze. My wife allowed it. So far, so good. I wasn't sure how far she'd let him go but I could trust Joe not to push beyond what Kate allowed. It looked as if my wife might be back in the cock teasing business.
They danced through two long songs, the last a fast one, and Joe brought Kate back to me. He was in seventh heaven. He'd always adored my wife and he could barely believe his luck. And I was grateful to him. We'd successfully leaped a major hurdle, getting her out of her uptight phase and back in the saddle again. It was just one night so far, just two songs, but I breathed a sigh of relief.
Now that I'd started him Joe wasn't about to quit while he was ahead. He was discreet, but he danced with Kate again and again, 'accidentally' brushing her tits with a hand at first and then actually squeezing her breasts with his palms and long fingers. He never let his hands linger but groped her ass pretty freely and then turned his attention back to those full and fleshy tits. Kate pretty much let him have his way with her. For a man who was feeling up his co-worker's wife in public he managed to look like a gentleman doing it. Kate trusted him and I knew she genuinely liked him, so she just danced and had fun. She did keep checking my reaction and I made certain I reassured her,
Around midnight Joe escorted my wife back to my side and apologized.
"I've been monopolizing your wife, Ben. You've hardly had a chance to dance with her for the last hour."
"It's all right, my friend. We've all been having a good time. But it's getting late. What do you say, Kate? You ready to leave yet?"
"Yeah. Yeah I am. Thanks for a wonderful evening Joe." She was hanging on his arm and she leaned into him and kissed his cheek. "I'm not really tired yet but I am tired of the crowd and the noise. I'd like a chance to wind down before bed."
"How are you getting home?" I asked Joe.
"Well, I rode with a friend but he left an hour and a half ago so I'll probably uber home."
"I have an idea. We're half way home for you. Why don't you ride with us and come in for a nightcap? You can uber from our place just as easily as you can from here. Is that okay with you, Kate?"
I hadn't asked Kate what she thought about it before inviting Joe and had intentionally put her on the spot. She could say no, she was too tired without appearing ungracious. But she gave me a steady probing look and then simply said "Sure. Sounds like a plan."
I brought the car around while she and Joe waited at the front door of the tavern. Joe was on his phone when I arrived and Kate insisted on hopping in the back and letting Joe stretch his long legs in front. I told her we could move the passenger seat all the way forward and she could sit back there and keep him company, mostly to tease her and make her nervous about my intentions. I was enjoying this. But she wasn't taking the bait and simply said no, Joe could ride up front. We didn't have time for further discussion. Joe had ended his call and was already climbing into the vacant front seat.
I knew she was bursting with questions all the way home, which was about a twenty minute drive, but of course with Joe in the car it was impossible for her to grill me. None of us spoke and there was an unmistakable sexual tension in the car. Kate was of course wondering if I meant to try to make something happen between her and Joe, and Joe had to be wondering exactly the same thing, especially as I'd basically come right out and asked him to feel up my wife on the dance floor. We filed into the house together, awkwardly silent.
"What are you drinking, Joe?"
"Beer. Just a beer's good for me. First I need the bathroom."
"Kate..." I began but she anticipated me and said she'd show him to the bathroom.
In a few seconds she was back and I asked her if she wanted to change first or should I just make her a drink. "Rum and coke?" I asked. "And, do you want to change into something more comfortable?"
"I'm comfortable. At least, I'm as comfortable as I'm gonna be when my husband is playing silly games."
"Is it silly? Really? I'm delighted to have the old sexy Kate back and you call it silly? I call it a celebration."
She whispered "What are you trying to do here, Ben? I'm not going to fuck him if that's what you think. I like Joe. He's fun and sweet and sexy but I'm not going to have sex with him."
"Okay." I said.
"Kate, I never intended for you to have sex with him. I just wanted to show you that you can have fun and fool around and tease me again like you used to and it'll all be okay. Don't do anything you don't want to do. But you have to have been missing it as much as I have. Haven't you?"
Kate's back was to the hallway and I was facing it, so she couldn't see Joe open the bathroom door a few inches to listen just then.
"Kate." I said. "Just go with the flow and do what feels right." I knew Joe might take that to mean more than I intended if he'd heard me. I didn't care. And honestly, if things heated up and she changed her mind and had sex with him, I'd be all right with it. It didn't seem likely to happen, but I'd love watching him fuck her. I went to the kitchen and made her a drink, bringing back a beer for Joe.
When I got back in the living room the two of them were standing uncomfortably shifting weight from one leg to the other and trying- and failing- to make small talk. The specter of the two of them fucking loomed large and unspoken. I let them suffer for thirty seconds more just watching them and then set Joe's beer at one end of the sofa and mine at the opposite end. I put Kate's rum and coke on the coffee table in the middle instead of handing it to her. She gave me a wry smile.
Joe plopped down gratefully, happy to be sitting finally. Kate looked at me and raised an eyebrow. I took her by the hand and led her to the couch next to Joe. She sat without hesitation, and as soon as she had I sat next to her, snuggling up tight. Still no one spoke. The silence was deafening. It was going to be up to me, but then, it had been all night. Kate took a slug of her Captain and Coke and set it back down. She'd no more leaned back when I put my arm around her and kissed her. I kissed her long and hard, sneaking looks past her at Joe. He was attentive, watching us closely. When we finally broke the kiss I smiled at him. I put my hand on Kate's bare thigh just above her knee and gently stroked her.
I scooted in close to my wife, hoping to edge her gradually closer to Joe. Giving me an odd look she took the hint and closed the gap between them on her own. She turned her face to his. I couldn't see her expression but Joe was transfixed. He only had eyes for my wife and they stared intently at her. Then she surprised both Joe and I by leaning in and kissing him full on the mouth. He had full fleshy lips and she apparently liked them because she shifted her body around more to face him and kissed him again, more deeply and longer. She raised her hand to his cheek and cradled it, pulling his mouth onto hers.
When she came up for air I slid in closer to her, wedging her supple and succulent body between Joe and I. I pulled her around facing me and kissed her again. I sucked her tongue, licking and sucking and nibbling her lips and reached up to fondle a breast. After a couple of minutes I let go of her and she turned toward Joe again. He kissed her hungrily himself and gently caressed her other breast. I watched them for a few minutes and pulled her back to face me. The pace picked up as she switched from lover to husband and back to her lover again, making out feverishly with both of us. We kept this up for several minutes, ratcheting up the temperature. Kate's face was lightly glistening with sweat. I could feel her heart pounding in her breast when I hugged her.
I slipped a strap off her shoulder exposing her right breast. Seeing this Joe liberated the other breast and we suckled her together, at the same time. Kate moaned and was writhing between us and trying to grope us which proved impossible in that position. She gripped our thighs instead and her ass squirmed on the sofa. I slipped a hand under the hem of the silky dress and stroked her upper thigh. Not to be left out at this point Joe did the same and our hands met at her soaked panties.
Kate spread her legs invitingly, throwing one leg over Joe's, the other over mine and we took turns fondling those drenched panties. My wife was getting frantic by then and I wasn't at all sure that she'd be able to resist letting our guest fuck her. We might even double team her. The thought pumped my cock up to diamond hardness.
I pulled the gusset of her panties aside and Joe plunged a finger into her pussy. She came instantly. He continued finger fucking her and putting a foot on the floor she turned to face him, folding the other leg under her. I watched her grapple with his belt buckle, then unzip him and saw her reach in to fish out his cock. He helped by sliding his trousers down a few inches and Kate fondled his balls and examined him with her fingers, then began to stroke him.
"Hanky." She said. It was the first any of us had spoken for Christ knew how long. I had thought for a minute she might blow him but apparently she had her wits about her more than I'd given her credit for. A hand job was as far as she was going. Maybe. I reached into my back pocket and pulled out my handkerchief, handing it to her. She continued stroking him all the while kissing him fiercely and when he tensed before coming she covered his cock with the hanky, catching his flood of semen in it. Joe threw his head back and groaned as his cum spurted out. Kate kept stroking, milking his jism out of him with her thumb. Finally he had to beg her to stop.
"You gotta let me up, Kate. I cant take any more."
She released him and stood. She wobbled and teetered slightly. "You can call Joe an uber and pay for it, Ben. I'll be upstairs waiting for you. Good night sweet Joe." And she bent down and kissed him tenderly. Their kiss lingered and Joe's hands rose up the skirt of her dress to cup her ass. I thought for a few moments they might start up again, the kiss was so soft and tender, but when she broke it off she quietly left the room without another word, swaying unsteadily.
Neither Joe or I knew what to say to each other. I had not planned this in the beginning. All I'd wanted was for him to pay my wife some sexy attention and maybe get us back on track as a result. I had improvised and amended the plan as the night wore on but I honestly didn't think she'd go even as far as she had.
My friend and I sat drinking our beer quietly. After several minutes a horn honked. Joe's uber had arrived. As he was walking out the door he smiled and said "Thanks man. Tell Kate she's wonderful and I love her." I just nodded. I didn't need to tell him it was a one-off. Joe is a smart and perceptive guy.
Kate was waiting for me in bed. I watched her carefully, not knowing if she'd be mad, sad or glad.
"Kate..." I ventured.
"Shut up and get in bed."
I did. "Kate..." I tried again.
"I said shut up. Get over here and fuck me."
Discretion being the better part of valor I thought it wise to obey her. And I was incredibly hungry for her. She was naked under the covers and I dove at her pussy. She was still sopping wet. She'd been slowly masturbating and playing with her vibrator while waiting for me. I wanted to eat her for hours but she wanted a cock and pulled at my neck.
"Get up here. Come up here and fuck me."
I was already hard and penetrated her in one stroke. She clutched me tightly with both arms and legs, pushing hard on my cock with her hips. Aroused as I was I wanted it to last. I wanted my wife to come and come til the sun came up. I grabbed her ass and raised her up so I could poke her g-spot and pounded into her. She writhed and moaned beneath my onslaught.
Hundreds of images flew through my brain. Pat's hand disappearing up Kate's shorts as she crawled into his cab. Kate sucking Gene's dick in the broad daylight of the truck stop. Dozens of hands squeezing and mauling her naked tits at the concert. A man pulling her waistband down and playing with her butt crack as she rode my shoulders. Kate in the steak house with both Gene and Pat mauling her thighs and pussy under the table. Joe, quivering and moaning on our sofa while Kate jacked him off. Joe's hands reaching up to tenderly cup her ass as she told him good night.
I had to banish those images if I was going to hold off my orgasm. I slowed down and she protested. I rested anyway, then slowly pumped into her again. She arched her body and came with a cry. I kept thrusting into her and when she went limp I withdrew and plunged my face into her cunt again, licking sucking tasting her musky juices. I soaked a finger in her sopping pussy and fingered her little puckered asshole, then added another finger. She came again.
Mounting her I pushed at her butthole and it let me in suddenly as her rectum finally surrendered. I probed her gently for a full minute and then began to fuck her. Her legs folded up, her knees on either side of her face and I drove down into her bowels. When I came she crushed me in her grip, pulling my head down next to hers.
I washed my dick, we rested and fucked again. I woke in the wan pre dawn light. Kate was draped over my body and I rolled her onto her side, searching for her cunt with my cock. Still half asleep she raised her upper leg and grabbed my dick, aiming it. Slowly, leisurely I fucked her, spooning. She craned around to kiss me.
I whispered in her ear "This, Kate. This is the center of the universe and the meaning of life, right here between your thighs, right here in your wet cunt."
We slept again.
It was full daylight when I woke again. Nine A.M. That was late for us. We both have jobs that require us to be up early. I crawled gingerly out of bed, wanting Kate to sleep as long as she liked. I stumbled to the kitchen and started the coffee maker, then showered as quietly as I could manage. By the time I was finished Kate was sitting up, yawning and stretching.
"Stay put. I've made coffee and I'll bring you a cup."
"What- no bacon and eggs?" She deadpanned.
"Thought we might go out for breakfast. You up for that?"
"It's late."
"It's also Saturday. We can get breakfast at a chain with a shiny menu all day long. Take your time waking up. We'll go when you're ready."
"Last night..." Kate began. "Do you want to talk?"
"Okaaay. If you want to. You start."
"Ben, I was never going to fuck Joe. I'm not accusing you of anything but I have the feeling you were trying to get me to bone him. It wasn't going to happen."
"Kate, I saw you with him. You wanted him to fuck you but you held back. That's fine. I'm not disappointed. It was never my plan for you two to get it on until you looked like you wanted it. I just wanted my sexy Kate back. You delivered in spades. Um, so to speak."
She rolled her eyes and frowned at me.
"Seriously." I told her. "You used to tease me with your flirting and it was reliable foreplay every time. I missed it and I know you did too. It was all in fun and a good time. I never suggested Joe dance with you as a way to get him in your pants. I wanted you to remember how sexy you are without feeling scared or guilty about what's past. I just went with the flow and tried pushing some buttons. That's the truth. But if you had wanted to have sex with him I'd have been okay with it."
"Okay, I believe you. But I can't have sex with Joe the way I did with..."
She stumbled over saying it.
"Pat?" I hazarded.
"Yeah. That was just raw animal fucking. With Joe there'd be feelings. Don't get hurt or angry now, but I could go for Joe."
"I know. I saw the way you responded to him."
"No, you don't know. I love Joe. I'minlove with you. But he's a man I could fall for. Having sex with him would be too dangerous. For all of us."
She pondered that for a moment and continued.
"I'm not sure I could do a one off with Joe. He'd take it seriously and I care for him too much to let that happen. I might take it too seriously myself. And you. I hope to God you weren't thinking you could just hand me over no strings attached to an Adonis like Joe and then take me back, no harm done. Suppose I developed a strong affection for Joe? Suppose I fell in love with him?"
That shocked me. I'd been angry about her behavior with the truckers but I never for a minute thought she'd ditch me for either of them.
"It's not your fault. You left it up to me to go ahead or stop as I saw fit. How could you have known how I feel- correction, how Icouldfeel- about Joe? If climbing into a stranger's sleeper cab was rash and dangerous then having full on sex with Joe would be potentially disastrous. Maybe even suicidal.
"I should have shut it all down with that first kiss but honestly I didn't know some of this myself yet, some of what I'm telling you. Once we got going it felt too good to stop. Then I got scared. I realized Joe isn't, couldn't be, just a one-off roll in the hay for me. Or for him either. We have chemistry, a connection, andI don't want that!I wantyou.I could have just stood up and gone to bed but I didn't want to hurt him that way either, you know, rejection. I had to give him something. So I jerked him off. Even a blow job seemed too risky. It was too risky formelet alone for Joe. Once I put his cock inside me, in my mouth or my pussy, I probably wouldn't have been able to stop. Hello runaway train wreck."
"I'm sorry Kate. I never considered any of that. I feel stupid now for pushing it the way I did."
"You have nothing to apologize for. You didn't make me do anything. How could you have known? Hell, I didn't know much of it myself until it happened. My stomach was turning flip-flops when you guys were making out with me and..." She sighed deeply and then forged ahead. "I found myself craving the other guy's touch and his lips on mine, not my husband's. I was ashamed but I didn't stop and I was even more ashamed of that. I wanted Joe to fuck me. I wanted him inside me. It was a near thing. Thirty seconds or so either way...things might look very different this morning."
That was all quite sobering. It would have almost been better if she'd been pissed at me. I felt like a fool. I had never considered anything so serious as love between my wife and Joe. Frankly the thought of her feeling that way about another man,anyother man, sent a chill down my spine. An empty feeling deep in the pit of my stomach.
Kate watched me as I sat thinking.
"I should have kept all that to myself." She finally said. "I'm sorry Ben. That was some heavy shit to lay on you. Whatever you're thinking, you are never in danger of losing me.Never.Not for Joe or anyone. I was just trying to make you understand that I have my own criteria for a sex partner- if and when we ever get to that point. You can make suggestions but I make the rules about who I get intimate with. And now you see it isn't all about choosing the sexiest and most appealing man. There are gonna be times that a certain guy is going to betooattractive. If it's gonna be just sex then it had damn well better be just sex.
"Think about it, Ben. How many men do you know who'd suffer their wives to treat them the way I treated you over in Wisconsin? I seriously fucked up and you don't love me any less. It shows in the way you treat me. Youchoseto trust me again. I was an idiot once. I'm not about to make that mistake again."
Over the next few weeks we went out dancing and drinking a little more. Joe was absent the first couple of times but after a month we ran into him again. He was his usual friendly self but didn't ask Kate to dance and she worried we'd trashed that relationship, but three weeks later he appeared next to us on the dance floor and asked to cut in.
Kate told me she cut to the chase and immediately asked him if we were all okay after what had happened. She said he confessed to having a bit of a broken heart at first, a bit of a letdown. But he'd realized that was foolish and was over it now. He still had his crush on her and always would. And he thanked her for their one intimate romantic tryst. It was at this point she told me later- I was watching them closely- that they'd kissed. It was just a friendly smooch on the lips, and he never let his hands stray again when dancing with her.
Kate started out slowly but began teasing me again with her dance partners. She added a new wrinkle, her wardrobe. She began ramping up its sex appeal and occasionally, not every time, but now and then started wearing some pretty risqué outfits. I knew it was going to be game on when she emerged from the bedroom dressed in something skimpy. The skirts and dresses got shorter and the necklines lower. Slit skirts made an appearance and she was wearing dresses that were scandalously low cut in back, millimeters from revealing her butt crack.
This was all a big hit with her marks and more importantly with me. So much so that she suggested we try out a club one Friday night. She'd heard about a new nightclub some thirty miles away that some of her friends raved about. Not being club goers we weren't sure but figured it couldn't hurt to give it a try.
Kate nervously shooed me out of the bedroom and wouldn't show me what she was going to wear. When she finally walked out of the bedroom I changed my mind and wanted to stay home and fuck her all night. It was a pale beige bandage dress that might have been painted on. There were two frail straps holding it up but honestly it was so tight I thought we might have to cut her out of it with surgical shears. Her braless breasts were mashed into the thing and bulging out of the neckline threatening to escape. She wore nude color hold up stockings and in mild shock I realized I couldn't see any pantyline. The dress wasn't scandalously short, coming to a few inches above her knees but she looked more naked than if she'd actually been naked.
I stared, eyes wide and nearly drooling. "Kate...are you wearing any panties?"
She blushed pink and asked "Do you think it's too much? Should I change? I can't wear a bra or panties with it. It's so tight even a thong would show and it's impossible to wear a bra without looking silly."
"Kate, I fucking love it! Don't even think about changing. I'm not sure about wearing it out in public.." I chuckled. "No- that's not true. I am sure about you wearing it out in public. You should. It's the sexiest thing I've ever seen you wear. We aren't likely to run into anyone we know in this club anyway. Walk around a little and let me look at you."
She self consciously moved around the room on her four inch fuck me pumps, the stretchy material not restricting her movement at all. As she passed in front of the sliding doors to the deck I could see through it, her sumptuous body silhouetted in the backlighting. I couldn't make out her pubic hair though. Kate trimmed her bush but left an inch wide landing strip on her mound. I asked her how she'd concealed her strip.
She took the hem of her dress and pulled it up. She was shaved bare. The blood pressure in my dick went up a hundred psi.
"Move with your usual confidence, Kate. You look fucking great and nothing's sexier than confidence. Strut a little."
She started getting into the spirit, posturing comically and posing for me. She bent at the knees and clutched her hem, pursing her lips in a classic Marilyn pose. I laughed. "You look like a Skinemax actress. Are you gonna ham it up like that when we get in the club?"
"Well, you said to show confidence. But no, I am not. I'm getting used to it but I don't want to look like a whore."
"Um." Was all I said.
"Shit. You do think I look like a whore don't you?"
"Okay, yeah. But an expensive one. Christ, that color matches your skin tone perfectly. You really do look naked. You could wear a wrap you know, and if you get there and you're uncomfortable you could cover up."
"Hmm. That feels like cheating. This dress is a lot but that's the thrill, right? Looking practically naked out in public where everyone can see me. I'm kind of scared but I'm excited too."
She walked over to the hallway mirror and checked herself out.
"No- this is the whole point. If I dial it back I'll just be disappointed later that I chickened out. Let's go before I change my mind."
I opened the car door for her and she climbed in, but just as I got behind the wheel she told me to hang on a minute and jumped out, running into the house as fast as she could in her four inch heels. She returned quickly with a long white sweater wrap slung over her arm. I looked questioningly at her.
"I might get cold." She lied. "Drive, Benjamin."
I didn't care. She looked fantastic and even if she lost her nerve and covered up she was still going to be some delicious eye candy.
Waiting at a traffic light just before the freeway ramp a Lincoln Navigator pulled up beside us. It was a cop car. The cop driving did a double take, surely thinking my wife was nude in the car. She smiled and waved at him.. He didn't wave back. Instead he looked incredulous. The light changed and the cop let me enter the ramp ahead of him and immediately pulled me over.
"Have you got a taillight out?" Kate asked.
"No. I don't know what's wrong but I think the son-of-a-bitch probably just wants a better look at you." I grumbled. Kate had been holding her sweater wrap on her lap but tossed it in the back just before the cop appeared at my window. She winked at me.
And he did just want a better look at her.
The cop was a big guy and instantly reminded me of Pat Oswald, shaved bald with big arms tightly packed in the sleeves of his uniform and a substantial belly.
"Good evening folks. Driver's license and registration please." I fished for my wallet and Kate rummaged in the glove compartment for the registration. The guy never took his eyes off Kate. The tight dress she had on wasn't exactly a minidress but when she sat in the car it hiked up just as short. Her lacy stocking tops were clearly visible. She spread her legs. He couldn't really see any more that way but it looked seductive as all hell.
"Is something wrong officer?" I asked.
"Routine traffic check." Was all he said.
He took my papers and license back to his car.
"Routine, my ass I said. "It's just like I said. The motherfucker stopped us just to check you out. Fucking horn dog."
He wasn't gone long and came back, handing my documents to me.
"Is this Mrs. Chopin?" He asked. He pronounced it choppin' instead of show pan. I nodded and corrected him but he didn't seem to appreciate it, giving me a vaguely hostile look.
"Can I see some ID?" He demanded.
Kate already had her license out and ready. He gave it a cursory look and handed it back to her.
"Where are you folks headed tonight?" He asked, still examining Kate with his eyes.
"We're going dancing til the cows come home officer Cloutier." She told him, pronouncing it klooty er while batting her eyes and smiling sweetly.
He realized he was being teased if not mocked. He did not return her smile but his eyes bored into her.
"Have a good evening. Remember not to drink and drive." And he walked away.
Once he was out of earshot Kate shook her head and muttered "Fucking prick. You were right. He didn't have any reason for stopping us." Then she giggled. "That was kind of fun. I should have shown him more."
I looked at her. "Well...yeah he did have a reason to stop us. Not an official one, but... I'd have done it too if I'd been him. That doesn't mean I liked it. I just get why he did it. He isn't going to be the only prick checking you out tonight. I think you might want to nix the idea of flashing cops though, Kate."
She just grinned at me. My wife was getting into her groove. And I wasn't sure if she was going to the only one in there that night. That was the frisson in the wake of our adventure on the freeway, and our makeout session with Joe. Kate had ably demonstrated she could be unpredictable. I had butterflies in my stomach.
The club was as advertised, loud and crowded. It looked like a meat market, the women present showing a lot of skin. It was a mixed crowd, black, brown and white, executives slumming and working class looking to score. I didn't care for the noise or the flashing lights. It was disorienting and made the dance floor look like an orgy in the flashing and flickering lights. But, at least for me, it was exotic. We found a bar height table with a couple of stools and sat nursing our drinks. We hadn't been at the table five minutes when a young man asked Kate to dance, but she declined.
I gave her a look and she just shouted back in my ear that she wasn't ready yet. She wanted to check it out for a while before committing. So we sat and watched the partiers. A few more men stopped by to check out my wife and a couple invited her to dance, or, from the look of the goings on, to feel her up on the dance floor and maybe grind on her sweet body. Finally she gripped my arm and pulled me over to listen. I leaned over closer and she said she was being watched.
"Those guys at the table over there have all been staring at me." She pointed openly and two of them grinned back at her.
"I don't blame them. You look hot, honey."
"I've been teasing them a little."
"I don't know how I missed that." I told her. I leaned back and took a look at her lap. She was seated at the front edge of her stool and had her dress hiked up and her legs crossed.
"Watch." She said.
Slowly she uncrossed her legs and spread them unnecessarily wide as she recrossed them. I glanced at the table full of young men. They were smiling broadly and one gave her a thumbs up.
"How long having you been showing off your pussy?" I asked.
"About ten minutes or so. The dark skinned guy, the one who looks sort of Asian? He asked me to dance, remember?" I did vaguely remember him stopping at our table. "He's had his eye on me ever since. Think I should dance with him?"
"I guess that's up to you Kate. Are you gonna wait for him to ask or are you gonna go get him?"
"I don't want to look easy. Well, nottooeasy. I'll wait for him."
She looked directly at the guy and licked her lips.
"Right, Kate. That doesn't look easy at all." I laughed, shaking my head.
"Well, I had to get his attention. Oh, look. Here he comes." She positively glowed.
He made his way through the throng to our table. He held out his hand and I shook it. Kate took his hand and he didn't let her go.
"I am Kazem."
"Kate."
"May I ask your company in a dance, Kate?"
Kate nodded and stood. With a nod at me he slipped his arm around her waist and led her away, a hand caressing her hip possessively.
On the dance floor he was discreet and polite, although three or four other men became instantly clumsy and bumped and rubbed against her at every opportunity. The song ended and she stayed with him for another. I saw her give him a peck on the cheek, and he said something in her ear. She shook her head no and headed back to me. He followed and thanked me for allowing him the time with my wife.
"You're welcome." I told him and gave him a sly wink." The wink wasn't lost on Kate. She made a show of climbing back on her stool, showing off a lot of leg in the process, and if you were in her line of fire a bit of bare pussy as well. Kazem was in her line of fire and he smiled happily.
As soon as he'd left I wanted to know what he'd said to her when their dance finished.
"He has a Lamborghini."
"Oh, does he now? Well, I have a Honda. So what?"
Grinning, she said "He wanted to show it to me."
"Cheeky fucker, asking to show you his Lamborghini. I suppose it's parked at his hotel?"
"No...well, I don't think so. If he even has one. He says it's parked out back in the parking lot. He wanted me to walk out there with him so he could show it to me."
"Did you,doyou want to see it?"
"Maybe later. The night is young."
"You like the guy?"
"He's okay. He was polite but kind of polished, you know. All pickup lines and practiced compliments. Suave and debonaire. That doesn't really do it for me but he is good looking, and well hung."
"Well hung? You know this because...?"
"He was rubbing it all over me when we were fast dancing and grinding a bit. So I grabbed it and gave it a squeeze. I guess you missed that. I was trying to show you when I groped him. I was hoping you were watching."
"I was watching but somehow I didn't see that part."
"Want me to do it again? Instant replay?"
"Ahhh... Your call, Kate. Do you want to invest your evening in this one guy or are you going to play the field a little more?"
"I guess playing the field sounds more fun. I'll let him stew a while and maybe tease him some more later, see if he perseveres. Try his mettle and see if he's into me for the long haul." All the while we chatted Kate fidgeted and squirmed in her seat and I knew she was still teasing her admirers, flashing her stockinged thighs and bare pussy. She kept looking at them and smiling invitingly. I told her I had half a mind to go and sit with them so I could watch from their vantage point.
As if on cue another of the young men from the same table appeared and asked Kate to dance. He looked like Hugh Grant and had an English accent. He held out his hand to Kate. He had to lean in close to make himself heard and she pulled him right up between her knees, which she had momentarily spread wide. That spread had hiked her dress up scandalously.
"Stephen." He said. "Dance with me, Kate?"
"You know my name! Is Kazem telling stories about me?"
"Only good ones, and I took copious notes and boned up on all things Kate related."
"You're a spunky one, aren't you?"
"A man has to stay on top of his game. Especially sexy times in the club tonight with you in attendance.
"I haven't had one dance with my husband yet, Stephen."
"Maybe later then?" He told her, only mildly disappointed. He moved to step back and she squeezed him between her knees, arresting his retreat, then released him. She scooted toward him briefly, pushed him away again and made another show of crossing and uncrossing her legs. The poor man's head had to be spinning. Mine was.
"Definitely later, Stephen." She said. "I'll tell you what. You sit here and hold our table for us while we dance and you can have the next two dances with me when we're done."
"It's a bargain. Let me retrieve my drink."
He returned with his drink and a friend, a tall American guy.
"We'll hold the fort and I'll hold you to our arrangement, Kate."
She smiled and brushed against him more than necessary following me to the dance floor. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her trail the back of her hand over his crotch as we left. Things were heating up. Kate had never been this overt or rather, brazen a cock tease.
I danced two songs with my wife without talking, just having fun. Again, Kate was like a prick magnet. The men in the crowd took every chance to bump into her or dance more closely than they had any reason to. At one point she swiftly pivoted and switched places with me. She leaned in and said a guy was trying to grind on her ass as he crowded her from behind.
"I saw him." I told her. "I thought you were enjoying it. You were smiling."
"I was, but then he started to get cocky and grabbed my hips. I don't want to get butt fucked right here on the dance floor."
"It's definitely a looser crowd than our usual tavern." I admitted. The song ended and we headed back to our table. The DJ was taking a break so we sat and chatted with Stephen and his friend. The friend was kind of a jerk and didn't stay long, fortunately.
"I'm terrible with English regional accents, Stephen, so don't get mad at me but ...I'd say you're... Midlands?" Kate said.
"Correctamundo, young Kate. Notts. I'm touring here and in Canada with a band. You likely won't have heard of us. We play traditional and folk music."
"Is that your day job? I mean, do you make a living at it?" Kate asked.
"No, unfortunately. I'm a lorry driver. In between jobs right now so I was free to travel here."
I shot a look at Kate and she gave me a mock scowl and wagged a warning finger at me. I told her secret anyway.
"Kate has a kind of a thing for truck drivers." I gave her an evil grin.
Ignoring me she changed the subject. "Oh, we have a Knott's here in the U.S." She tried on her Midlands accent and butchered it. I groaned but Stephen, correctly believing that flattery is the best way to breach a woman's britches, told her she'd aced it.
"Where is this Notts, then?" Stephen asked.
"California." I gave her a blank look and she said "Knott's Berry Farm." And cackled at her own awful joke.
"I'm cutting you off, Kate. I didn't think you'd drunk that much but clearly you've had one too many."
Stephen, ever astute and definitely in the hunt, laughed heartily.
"No, no!" He shouted, "I'll buy her another. She's just at the delightfully silly stage. Ready to pay off your debt, Kate?"
"Sure. I don't need another drink to dance with a charming young man of discerning tastes. Lay on MacDuff." Sticking her tongue out at me she let Stephen lead her off. As they walked off Kazem came to join me.
Stephen apparently agreed with me that my wife was getting buzzed. I had only been joking about her having one too many but he'd taken it seriously and tried it on with her right away while they danced. In no time he was caressing her delicious ass and pulling her tightly into his body. At first she gave him a few seconds of groping before pulling his hands away but he was persistent and didn't give up. There was quite a crowd out there but I got a glimpse of him mashing a breast. Kate moved his hand but as I said, he was nothing if not tenacious and had right back at her again.
"Stephen is feeling frisky tonight, yes?" Kazem said. He looked a bit disgusted, either with Stephen for taking liberties with my wife or with me for allowing it.
"It's all in fun, Kazem. Kate will be going home with me tonight. In the meantime she's entitled to enjoy herself."
"In my country women do not behave this way."
"And what country is that?" I asked, getting annoyed with him. I was trying to watch Kate and observe every detail of Stephen's attempted seduction of her. That was the whole point of our being there.
"Iran." He said proudly.
"You're in America now. Women make their own decisions." Not quite as true as it should be, but he was kind of pissing me off.
"So your wife will then go with anyone who asks her?"
"What the fuck are you trying to say, Kazem? No, my wife will not go with anyone who asks her. She will spend time dancing with whoever she wants though. It's her right."
He didn't look like he understood the distinction and I wasn't sure I wanted to try explaining it to him. I was aggravated and it multiplied when I realized I'd lost sight of Kate. While Kazem had been distracting me they had gone out of sight. I stood but wasn't that much higher up than seated on the stool. I couldn't see either of them anywhere on the dance floor.
"Kazem, can I ask you to hold our table for me?"
"Of course. Are you going?"
"Yeah. I need to go to the can."
He looked blankly at me. "The head. The john. The toilet."
"Oh! Yes, I will hold the table for you. Go, go. I hope everything comes out all right." He laughed uproariously at that. Apparently he'd heard that recently and was dying for a chance to try it out. I forced a smile and headed for the dance floor.
I didn't plunge into the crowd right off but circled the dance floor looking for my wife. It looked hopeless. The club was jammed with the throng of partiers. I had nearly circled it, no small feat in the press of the crowd, when I spotted a nude upper torso in the hallway leading to the toilets. I realized it wasn't a nude woman, it was my wife in her beige dress. Kate was up against the wall and smiling but Stephen had his hands on the wall either side of her with her trapped between his arms. He was trying to kiss her with some urgency. Kate was goodnaturedly trying to push him away but he was quite persistent.
I watched them waiting to see what was going to happen. Kate wasn't rolling over for him but she wasn't fighting him off all that hard either. Every third or fourth foray she kissed him back and he was running his hands all over her body. When he stuck his hand between her legs and went for her naked pussy I'd seen enough.
I struggled through the press of people but by the time I'd arrived Stephen was apologizing to my wife, who was trying to wrestle and pull her skimpy dress back in place. I took her arm and he very graciously apologized.
"Sorry mate. I got the wrong idea and was hoping for a bit of a snog. I was out of line."
"No harm, no foul." I told him. "We came here to party. I don't guess I can blame you for trying."
"It's just" He began. "Now don't go getting angry, but watching the two of you I had the idea you were swingers. In an open marriage, you understand? I mean, she plays and teases and you watch, right?"
I nodded. "We're not exactly swingers really, but I guess I can see why you'd get that idea."
"We're cool then?"
"Yeah, I'm good." I took Kate's hand and placed it in his. "Have at her then Stephen, but try to stay in sight, will you? I don't want to have to go looking all over the club for my wife the rest of the night. I prefer not to lose her too many times in an evening."
Kate gave me an odd look as Stephen led her away. I supposed she'd expected me to drag her back to our table and maybe even chew her out a little, I think. But we went there to have fun. I was really getting a kick out of watching her with these horndogs. I just didn't want to lose sight of her. We'd been there and done that.
The two of them stayed on the dance floor for two more songs and Stephen was back to petting and groping Kate's ass halfway through the first. Kazem was oddly quiet, sullenly watching his friend with my sexy wife. I guessed it was culture shock. But I didn't discuss it with him- I didn't much like the guy. We sat there watching Kate and Stephen and when she came back to the table she asked me to get her a fresh drink. I stood to head for the bar when our harried waitress appeared, saving me a trip. Stephen ordered a beer and headed off for the toilets and Kate asked if I was angry with her, surprising me. I didn't think I'd behaved as if I was mad.
"No, sweetheart. Why on earth would I be angry with you?"
"You had to track me down and then when you found him trying to kiss me you just handed me back to him as if..."
"As if what? Aren't we doing what we came here to do? You weren't angry with him for making a pass at you. I could tell. You were resisting him from what I saw but you certainly didn't look pissed off. In fact, you were laughing."
"Well, yeah. He's a nice guy and, what do they call it, well spoken. He's fun and funny..."
"And a lorry driver to boot. I'm sure that carries some clout with you."
She looked hard at me, thinking. She asked "Are we over that yet?"
"Kate, this is the wrong place for that discussion. But for our purposes tonight, yeah, we're over it. I was just teasing you."
"Good. I wasn't really sure if you were pissed off about me snogging Stephen in the corridor and were throwing Pat in my face to get in a dig at me."
"I was getting in a dig at you but it was friendly fire, okay? Do you fancy Stephen then?"
"Look, sneaking out of sight was part of the tease, okay? I knew you were watching and I half figured you'd follow. I only did that to get you worked up."
"Anyway, listen to us. Do Ifancyhim? Sure, Ifancyhim. He's good looking and a sweetie. But I'm not gonna fuck him."
Kazem had been listening to us banter and talk but looked like he'd lost the thread. He appeared baffled by our conversation, which to be fair to him was hard to follow in the din of the club. Suddenly he stood and asked Kate to dance. She balked a bit and then agreed. Once again he slipped an arm around her and clamped a hand low on her hip in kind of neutral territory near her ass. I didn't really like Kazem much and that added to my jealousy, seeing him get possessive with my wife.
He was more adventurous this time around. He didn't openly grope her the way Stephen did but he allowed his hands to roam lightly over her curves. He wasn't all that aggressive about it and Kate let him explore, smiling when he tried to discreetly palm her breasts. Stephen returned to the table and together we watched Kazem inexpertly fondle my wife. We made idle talk and nursed our drinks. A minor altercation broke out between a couple at a nearby table ending with her stalking out of the club and when I brought my attention back to the dancers I found I'd lost sight of Kate again.
"Shit." I said louder than I intended.
"Misplaced Kate again, I see." Stephen said. He was smiling broadly and appeared amused at my predicament. "I'm sure she'll turn up soon." He added this to mollify me.
"How well do you know Kazem, Stephen?"
"Know him? I don't know him at all. He was sitting at table with a friend of mine when I got here. I have no idea who the wanker is. He says he's Iranian but claims he's a rich oil man in Qatar. Brags about his Lamborghini. Wants to fuck western women. Thinks they're all whores. Wants, in fact, to fuck your wife."
"Okay, okay! Thanks for the rundown."
"I was only trying to be helpful." He gigged me. "Seriously, that's all I know. He likes to talk about himself and that's what I picked up."
I craned my neck searching the crowd of revelers.
"If I were you..." Stephen began and trailed off.
"If you were me, what?"
"Well, I'd go out back on the deck and look for a Lamborghini in the parking lot. Unless..."
I sighed. I liked Stephen but I wished he'd just say what was on his mind.
"Unless...? C'mon, Stephen."
"Well, unless you want him to fuck her. I mean, is that your plan? To pick up a punter and have Kate shag him?"
"No Stephen. This is all just a tease. Kate likes...exposing herself and flirting with strangers to tease me."
"I see. Then, you two go home and fuck like bunnies, right?"
"Yeah, that's pretty much it. It works for us. She plays around until we're stoked and then we go home to quench the fire."
"Playing with fire, people can get burned. I'd go see if I could find that Lamborghini, Ben."
"I reckon I will."
"I'd go like, right now."
I stood and asked Stephen to hold the table. He assured me he would.
"Horatio at the bridge, Yank. Tony Blair to your George Bush." He saluted me and I headed for the back deck.
It wasn't as crowded out there and I scanned the deck looking for Kate. She wasn't there. I located the steps and went down them. I didn't have to look long. Across the street, taking up three parking spaces in the parking lot, was a bright yellow Lamborghini and as I looked the doors scissored up. There was no one in sight but they couldn't be far off. The doors had been opened by remote.
I waked in the direction of the sports car looking around carefully. I felt foolish. We'd come here for Kate to tease and I was acting like a nervous rooster, panicking when ever I lost sight of her. But, as I said, we'd been there and done that. I was a hell of a lot more comfortable with the game when I could see her.
Adjacent to the club's parking lot was a fenced patio attached to a café, that had outdoor tables with umbrellas. I crept closer looking through the lattice of the fence. A couple was leaning against a table in a dark corner making out. Of course it was Kate, and Kazem was working her over quire vigorously, as Stephen might have put it. He was talking quietly to her.
I was amazed that even in the middle of his rut he was bragging up his expensive car, as if that was the key to owning her, by impressing her with his wealth. Well, different counties, different customs. Actually, that move was a little too close to home, off by just a matter of degree. Kate had been lured into a sleeper compartment on the same pretense. A modern take on "Come up to see my etchings my dear." Neither party believes the etchings are a priority.
I stayed out of sight, fascinated, wondering how far Kate would let him go with her. The fact that I didn't like him and found him arrogant- as did she- cranked my libido up even higher. Would she be so slutty as to let even some haughty and condescending jerk in her pants? He was already more than halfway there since she wasn't wearing any pants.
She'd said if it was going to be just sex then it had damn well better be just sex. She didn't seem to be in danger of falling for this asshole. Would she let him fuck her? I doubted it, but still I watched and waited, my heart pounding with excitement. That niggling doubt, the terrifying notion that she'd been unfaithful before against my express wishes and might be again fueled my arousal.
Kazem pushed Kate back against the table's edge, boosting her onto it. He was wedged between her legs and humping into her. Kate was pushing on him, trying to fend him off or at least slow him down. A breast popped out of her dress and Kazem bit at it and sucked her nipple. She tried whispered protests but he smothered them with his greedy mouth.
"You said you'd behave yourself if I came with you. You have to get off me. Let me up!" Then in a minute, "I'll give you a handjob if you'll let me up but I'm not gonna fuck you."
I couldn't hear his answer- his back was to me- but he made it clear he wanted inside her.
She gave up pushing and wrapped her arms around his neck. It was still up in the air whether she'd give in or fight. If I let it continue I'd have no grounds for complaint later. But suppose she actually let him fuck her? If I stopped her it would look like I didn't trust her to say no on her own. Even as her husband looking on the line between rough sex and assault was blurred. Wasn't this the kind of outcome we'd been looking for? The ultimate tease, Kate fucking another man with me watching? No. She had definitely told him no. There was nothing blurry about that.
In the end it was Kazem who decided the issue for Kate and I. I saw him reach between their bodies trying to free his cock. I leaped toward the gate and grabbed the handle just as Kate shouted.
"I told you no you son-of-a-bitch!"
I had the gate open by a few inches and pushed it wider, then slammed it shut with a bang. It was louder than I thought it would be and a couple dozen pairs of eyes on the deck turned to look. I pushed the gate wide open then just in time to see Kate stomp on his foot with her spike heel.
The loud bang of the gate slamming had distracted him just enough that Kate could slide off the table and spike him. He folded, off balance and in a lot of pain, and she jerked away. In one last attempt to keep her he grabbed her by the arm and pulled but finally seeing me for the first time he let her go.
I hugged her and we both began to laugh as we headed for the deck.. We were nuts I decided, both completely insane. What had Stephen said? People who play with fire can get burned. This had been a near thing and Kazem might well have injured her and raped her. This could easily have been a bridge too far. We retreated to the crowd on the deck. Keeping an eye on the patio I saw Kazem slink away limping and drive off in his yellow Lamborghini.
"Why in hell did you go with him in the first place, Kate?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?" She hissed through clenched teeth. "Like it was my fault. We came here for me to flirt and tease. Well, that's what I was doing goddamnit. How was I supposed to know he was a fucking thug? You didn't get pissed off when I was with Stephen. You fucking asshole!"
"Easy, tiger. I'm not blaming you. It was a genuine question. Let me put it this way.Howdid you end up going with Kazem? Does that go down better?"
That took the edge off her anger. She was still looking daggers at me but I no longer feared for my life. "He wanted to show off his exorbitantly expensive car. I told you that earlier, dickhead. So this time when he asked I made him promise he'd be a gentleman and told him I wasnotgetting in that car with him no matter what. He said he'd be good so I went.
"I never even crossed the street. He kept opening the doors and closing them with the remote, showing it off like a little boy with a fancy toy. We went over by that patio to sit on a bench by the gate but instead he shoved me through the gate. It looked reasonably safe to me. It's not fifty feet from the deck.
"Got you now!" Is what he said. I kind of played along laughing like it was a big joke and he started kissing me. He pulled me over to the darkest corner and pinned me up against a table. I still wasn't worried. I could always threaten to scream- we were only a few feet away from the crowd on the deck, you know? So at first I let him play with me and feel me up some. The bastard's hung like a rhinoceros." She sneaked a look at me and I arched my eyebrows. Oops. "Okay, I kind of grabbed his cock and stroked him a little I guess."
"You guess? You don't remember?" I gave her another look and a wry smile.
"This ismystory okay? You gonna let me tell it?"
"Sure, but I'll be asking pertinent questions as we go along. Call it filling in local color. So, you guess you might have caressed his monster dick?"
"God, you can be such a fucking smart ass sometimes. Yeah- I felt him up. He was giving my tits the old one, two and mauling my ass, so yeah, I felt him up."
"Perhaps giving him the impression that you were not averse to tasting it?"
"I might not have been averse to tasting it but you weren't there then, were you?" She spat. "I was on my own and I did not want to cheat on you. Making out and a little groping, fine, but no cocksucking or fucking. At one point I offered to jerk him off but he wanted to fuck me. That was when I started to really take it seriously."
She waited for some reaction from me but I stood quietly watching her.
"You slammed the gate- you were there watching us weren't you? You fucking sneak. How much did you see?"
"Well you said it was part of the tease so how can I be a sneak if I watch? Huh? Okay, I came in when he had you propped up on the patio table. I heard you offer to jack him off."
"Why didn't you step in then?"
"Agency." I grinned at her and she glowered at me. "If I'd stopped it it could have looked like I didn't trust you to say no of your own volition. And it might have violated your own wishes. Watching you I honestly couldn't decide if you wanted what he was selling or not, Kate. That's not a criticism. I'm not saying you wanted him. It's just how it looked from my vantage point. It was only when he got really aggressive and you shouted at him to stop that I made up my mind to intervene. But you handled it beautifully. I'm proud of you. It turned out you didn't need my help making a decision or stopping Kazem. Well played Catwoman."
I hugged her tight and told her I loved her.
"Well, it didn't hurt anything that you slammed that gate." She admitted grudgingly. "We both jumped out of our skins when you did that. So I guess you're not totally worthless." She hugged me back.
"Have you had enough fun for one night? Should we head home?" She asked.
"I don't know. Why? Are you having some buyer's remorse? Was Kazem too much for one night?"
"No, I guess not. I mean, I started feeling a little sorry for him that he's lost in a strange culture that he doesn't understand and hasn't got a clue about. He's only acting the way he was taught to. But...fuck him. The fucker's too damned rapey to feel sorry for. That isn't just his culture- guys who were born here do it too. I mean, no fucking means no in any culture, right? He just doesn't think women have any business saying no."
"Well, there are men here who think like that too. So, you want to go or what?
"It isn't that late but I'm still up for some sexy fun before you take me home and take advantage of me. I don't want to stay at this club though. Other than that what do you want to do?"
"I was thinking about that. It's a forty minute drive in light traffic and there was a ball game here tonight so the traffic won't be light. We've both been drinking quite a bit and Officer Smiley van Beer Gut did tell us not to drink and drive. What do you say we get a room and drive home in the morning?"
"All right. But can we get a room on game night?"
"We can try. If we can't we can always drive home. Carefully. I'll get the car and you can get on your phone and find us some lodging."
We went in to touch base with Stephen and exchanged phone numbers. We each promised to stay in touch. Kate gave him a hug, grabbing his ass and giving it a squeeze. He reiterated his vow to stay in touch in earnest then.
I left Kate searching for a room and picked her up at the club entrance.
"Any luck?" I asked as she climbed in.
"Damn skippy. It ain't the Marriott but I got us a one bed in a no tell motel. I couldn't book anything closer. I read the yelps and it should be okay, nothing fancy."
"The yelps call it a no tell?"
"More or less. But we don't care, do we?"
"Not me. Navigate me, direct me, fellate me."
"Ixnay on the ucksay. We don't know Captain Beer Gut's territorial range."
The yelp reviews appeared to have called it right. It was kind of a dive but it was crowded anyway, probably on account of the ball game. Plenty of rooms had the doors open and there seemed to be a big party going on, with people wandering from room to room drinking and generally raising hell. There was a bar attached at a wing next to the office and the noise blared even into the office. Our room was on the opposite end from the bar. We got a room key that also opened the entry door to that wing. Parking was not prime- I had to settle for a spot two or three hundred feet from the door. No big deal- we didn't have any luggage.
Kate had perked up considerably. We had stopped and bought Captain Morgan on the way but she had forgotten to get any Coke to mix. That should be no problem either- they were sure to have a Coke machine. Thinking about that Coke machine gave me an idea.
"Feeling adventurous, Katie?"
"Um... I don't know. Maybe. What do you have in mind?"
"Take off your dress."
"What...here?"
"Well, here or you can get out and take it off."
"What's going on? Why?"
"Just humor me, okay? I am absolutely certain you will enjoy this."
Looking doubtful but still game at the same time, she dutifully peeled off her dress and sat buck naked in the car with me. While she was pulling it off I grabbed her sweater wrap from the back seat.
"You're gonna give me your dress and purse...probably better give me your heels too. You might not want them on for this. I'm going to go in ahead of you and as soon as I get inside you'll run across the parking lot stark naked. I'll have your wrap just inside the door so you can cover up quickly when you get there. But you have to open the door yourself with your card."
"Fuck me, Ben!" She looked around. "I don't know...This place is pretty crowded. There are people running around everywhere, in and out of rooms and shit...I don't know. I'll get busted. Someone's bound to see me."
"That's the whole point- someone's bound to see you. You might get busted but it's a party crowd, Kate. Nobody's gonna care. In fact anyone who sees you will love it. You might even get offers of marriage. C'mon. You said you were still up for some sexy fun. I know it'd be a thrill for you. You love showing off the goods."
"I just don't know." She looked around nervously studying the terrain. Other than jumping behind a car or pickup there was no other place to hide. There was a wide drive between the last row of parked cars and the entry door where she'd be completely in the open, maybe fifty or sixty feet. She'd have to sprint that space.
I pulled the keys out of the ignition and opened my door.
"Wait!"
"Wait for what? I'm going inside. You coming?"
"I have to get my nerve up." She reached down and pulled off her heels so I knew she was leaning in favor of it. I took her shoes and got out.
"I have to lock the car, Kate so you need to get out. Wait for me to get inside and then follow."
She opened the door slowly and got out in a crouch, then peered over the roof on tiptoes, her head swiveling around like a meerkat. I took off at a fast pace and slid my key through the lock when I got to the door. It clicked open and I went in, turning to watch through the window.
Three hundred feet. She had to walk or run three hundred feet absolutely stark naked to get to safety. Kate loved showing off. She'd done it at the beach, at concerts, flashed truck drivers and exposed herself in the club. I knew her heart had to be racing with the thrill of it. Just the anticipation might make her come on the spot.
She started out slowly. The first two hundred feet were the easy part. She stayed between the cars and nobody would think much of it since her naked body was mostly shielded from view. Of course, there were the lanes between the lines of cars where she was in open territory. She scampered across those. Her head turned from side to side, keeping a lookout for anyone in the area. Finally she reached that last sixty feet. She stopped and crouched between a van and a big pickup truck. She finally took a single step and a door slammed off to her left somewhere, and a shout rang out. She practically dove back to cover.
It was just some partiers yelling at each other. No one had spotted her so far. But she had to move. She couldn't spend the whole night crouched out there naked. That would increase the chance of being seen. It surprised me when she shot out from between the van and the truck. She hadn't looked ready to try it. Kate sprinted as fast as she could run, but I saw her drop the keycard when she was right in the middle of the driveway. It went flying out of her hand and landed behind her nearly all the way back across the drive. She made it under the overhang and it was only then she realized she'd dropped it.
I relented and pushed on the door but she'd already turned to retrieve the card. I opened the door and called to her but she ran on, looking frantically for her keycard. I don't think she even heard me. She stood in the middle of the drive, her tits swaying as she looked one way and then the other. She spotted it and crouched to pick it up when a car rounded the corner. The driver instantly blew his horn and I heard shouts and hoots. Kate was a deer in the headlights, fully illuminated and naked as the day she was born.
"Look at that. Dan! Get a load of those tits!"
Kate fumbled the recovery and had to crouch again to try to scrape it up. But of course now she'd already been seen. I saw her slump in defeat, then calmly squat down and carefully pick up the card. She recovered quickly. With admiration I watched as she gave a cheerful wave at the car and nonchalantly strolled back to the entry door.
I held it open for her and the car that had exposed her stopped to watch as she paused in the doorway, grabbed her breasts and jiggled them. That drew a chorus of cheers as well as an invitation to hop in the car. She shook her head no, then turned and bent over mooning them, and likely flashing her pussy at them too. She turned again, bowed low with a sweep of the hand and slipped inside. She waved it away when I held the wrap open for her to slip into it.
Our room wasn't far but she chattered all the way there and kept chattering when we entered the room.
"Jesus, that was fun! I was scared shitless. I didn't even feel it when I dropped the keycard. I thought I was never going to find it. God, I was lucky I didn't drop it outside our car. I'd have had to do it all over again. I could have died when that big car came around the corner. Did you get a look at those guys? They were all wearing Tiger shirts. You think they were ball players?"
And so on and so on, she relived her run for glory. She was exhilarated and I have to admit I was pretty pumped too. I beamed at her.
"I love you! I never would have done that if you hadn't made me. What made you think of that?
"I read about a woman doing that in an erotic story. An exhibitionist. Well, not exactly like this. Her husband dared her to run naked down the hall to the ice machine."
"Did she get caught too?"
"No. I think she hid behind a vending machine or something. She did it more than once as I recall and never got caught. This place may have a bit too much activity for a naked run to the ice machine. Anyway, I was thinking we'd have to go to the vending machines for Coke and ice and that's when I remembered the story."
"Hmm." She said. "The hall was pretty empty. I could do that."
"Don't go getting cocky, now. Yeah, you were a real trooper and I'm proud of your nerve. And your finish was nothing short of spectacular. But the more times you do it the greater your chances of being seen, getting caught."
"Iwasseen. Ididget caught. I fucking loved it. My pussy is still dripping."
I stroked a finger over her pussy lips. She was right- she was fully lubricated and her juices were running into her crotch.
"Gimmie some money."
"Kate, have I created a monster? Simmer down. The machines probably take a credit card anyway." I was quickly sorry I'd said that. She rooted in her purse and pulled out her VISA. And without further discussion she headed for the door.
"Kate!" I shouted at her back. "Wait a fucking minute, will you?"
She paused and looked back, positively trembling with excitement.
"You're gonna want to take this if you're going." I showed her the ice bucket. She snatched it.
"Secondly, you don't even know where the machines are. We're at the end of the hall so it's likely to be quite a hike, if it's even in this wing. Let me go scout it out. I'll come back and tell you where it is." I reached to take the bucket back and she snatched it away like Gollum with the one ring.
"I'll get the ice and the Cokes. You just give me an idea where the machines are." She said defiantly. My wife was pumped but she was reckless with excitement and it worried me. I didn't want her taking foolish chances. At least, no more foolish than the challenge I'd already given her. I had the unsettling feeling I might have set off another chain of events I might not be able to control.
Just as I'd guessed it was a bit of a hike to the ice machine. Our room was near the end of a long hall and the machines were a little more than halfway down it. I looked and saw that the coke machine would indeed take a credit card. There was also a roll of plastic bags to line the ice buckets. That would be handy for Kate to carry the Cokes back.
As I walked back to our room I tried to think of a strategy for talking Kate down. I loved seeing her this excited but she was all adrenaline and no prudence. I couldn't think of a thing that might persuade her to take it slow- she was that into it- and save this for another time. When I got to our room I explained where she'd find the vending machines and told her about the roll of plastic bags. She was vibrating with excitement, pacing and biting a thumb.
"There's no sign- it isn't marked in any way. Just an opening in the wall. You won't have to turn any corners, Kate. It's just straight down on the right. But it's a long walk. I'll watch you from the doorway in case you run into a problem. Okay?"
"Okay. Got it, Ben. Wish me luck." She opened the door and vanished before she lost her nerve or I could try to talk her out of it. I opened the door and watched her sexy ass swaying down the hallway. She knew I was watching and put a little extra swing in her hips as she walked off. Not for the first time that night I thought we ought to have our heads examined. But I was nearly as excited as Kate, now that she was under way and cruising the halls of the motel stark naked. My cock was semi hard and growing harder.
I had to admire her nerve. Her first nude walkabout was mere minutes ago and she had run like an anxious rookie- which she was. This was a brand new and especially thrilling way of exposing herself. Now, however, in spite of the fact that her heart was probably racing in her chest, she sauntered off in no particular hurry at all. Any increase in the amount of time she took of course would multiply the chances she'd be seen. It had to take nerves of steel to stroll her leisurely way down the long hall.
I had visions of her casually moseying slowly toward a far distant ever increasing vanishing point. What a woman! It was a strange game. She'd try hard to remain undetected but the true thrill was in being seen, being exposed. If she made it there and back without anyone spotting her that was a win. And if someone did see hertherewas the thrill. Arousal can be complicated. I was safe in the room and I was vicariously flushed with the erotic kick of my wife parading around nude up and down a hotel corridor.
Kate was quite a long way off now and I thought she had to be nearing the ice machine alcove. Sure enough, she turned to her right and disappeared from my view. Just as she turned out of sight a door only a few rooms away from the alcove opened. The room's bright lights spilled into the hallway. And nothing happened. I waited on pins and needles for someone to emerge but for what seemed like ages no one appeared. Then a figure slowly, ever so slowly backed out the door. It was an older man in a bathrobe, gray haired, and he was saying something emphatically to someone still in the room. He was cradling an ice bucket under his arm.
So- an older man having words with his wife? Still unwillingly receiving instructions on how to fill an ice bucket? It didn't matter- Kate was trapped. If she bolted now there was no way he'd miss her. He was only thirty or so feet from the alcove. And she had no place to hide in the little alcove. I half expected her to saunter out bare assed and stroll past him as if she were headed for church on a Sunday morning.
I wracked my brain for a way to help her. Maybe I could distract him? That was dumb. How? Fuck, I was just too far away. She was on her own. Her only option was to run now for the stairway door only a bit further down the hall. That was marked- as required by law- as an exit. Kate would have seen it when she approached the alcove. If she could get there before he came too close he'd know she was nude but he wouldn't see her face. She could hide in the well of the stairway until he went back to his room. That was wishful thinking on my part. What were the chances he wouldn't notice a naked woman running down the hall and of course follow her, if only to get a better look?
It was all moot. As I stood thinking the old man was already nearing the ice machine alcove. And Kate had not come out. I gnawed my own thumb wondering how she was going to handle confronting the old man. They'd be face to face, him in his robe and slippers and Kate without a stitch on.
The guy turned right into the alcove. I watched and waited. He was in there a couple of minutes and still hadn't reappeared. What the hell was going on in there? I didn't think he was giving her golfing tips or talking about the market. I was beginning to really get worried and stepped into the hall but I didn't have my keycard and Kate obviously didn't have hers. I had to go back to get it. Just as I put a foot in the corridor the old guy came out. It had been three or four minutes, maybe even five.
If he'd seen anything shocking I couldn't tell by his expression. He took his time coming just as he had going. He knocked on his door and after a brief wait it opened. He began speaking to someone in the room right away. It was too far away for me to hear what was said. As he passed through the doorway I saw Kate peek out of the alcove down the hall. No sooner had the old timer's door closed than Kate emerged and once again she was in no hurry. How the hell had she managed to remain undetected? It was a long way away but I thought she looked flushed.
My plucky wife strolled down the hall toting the ice bucket under her arm and a bag of Coke bottles in the other hand. She had a triumphant grin on her face. When she was twenty feet away a door opened again down the hall. It was the same door the old man had used. A gray haired woman in an identical robe poked her head out and looked off toward the ice machines. For some reason she didn't look our way. Kate stole a look back over her shoulder but didn't pick up her pace.
I opened the door wide so she could come straight in and she couldn't contain her pride.
"Well that was interesting!"
"What happened? There was no way he missed you. There was nowhere to hide."
"Oh, he didn't miss me. He touched me."
"Shit. Really? Was he..."
"Quiet and let me tell you. There's a slim gap next to the snack machine. I tried to squeeze in between the vending machine and the wall like in your story. I couldn't fit. It was too tight. The machine isn't pushed all the way tight against the wall so I thought I might be able to hide but there was just no way and the machine was too heavy to move. I had my back to the wall and was trying to slide in when he came in."
"What did he do"?
"For a moment he just stared at me. Then he smiled and said 'Well what do we have here? Are you lost young lady?' He seemed a little tentative and shy at that point. He was kind of hanging back close to the doorway."
"So what did you tell him?"
"I told him it was a dare from my husband. That you'd dared me to go fetch the ice naked."
"Hey, thanks a lot! I tried to talk you out of it!"
"Yeah, well, that was the least of my problems right at the moment. And it was sort of true. You did dare me to run in from the parking lot naked. You don't have the moral high ground here buster."
"Come on now. You said he touched you. How did that happen?"
"I invited him to."
"Fuck me."
"Oh, we'll get to that, trust me. I'm lubricating like you wouldn't believe."
"You said you invited him to..."
"Well he was staring and practically drooling. So I said he could touch me if he wanted to. It would serve my husband right for daring me to run down here naked."
"So of course he took you up on it."
"He sure did!" She grinned. "There was nothing shy or tentative about him after I said he could feel my tits."
"Sweet Jesus, I wish I'd been there to see that."
"He was cool about it. I mean, he was real gentle and didn't maul me or anything. He was considerate. But he did suck my nipples.Thathe was good at! That old man can suck my nipples any time. He was getting me wet."
"So, did he try it on with you? Did he try to touch your pussy?"
"Nope. But before you ask- I'd have let him."
"Um, what are you telling me? Would you..."
"Maybe. Maybe not. I was thinking of you and your thing about watching me. Honest. What he was doing to my tits felt sooo good though. But if we'd been caught..."
"Yeah. That could have been real trouble, getting caught. It's hot, but you know, I'm glad you didn't. Just him sucking on your tits is exciting enough."
"It is. Still... oh the missed opportunities, eh? I would have loved coming back here to tell you how he'd given me a poke right there in the alcove."
Kate was shaking with excitement reliving it. I grabbed her but she pushed me away.
"I'm filthy. The floor in that place is disgusting. Somebody spilled a soda pop and nobody cleaned it up. My feet are all sticky and dirty. I need a shower."
"Yes you are a dirty girl. And I'll be more than happy to fuck you just like you are."
"Nope- not happening until I wash this shit off me. Give me two minutes. Three tops."
"All right but if you aren't out here with your legs spread in three I'm coming in after you."
She was out in five but I gave her some leeway. Still, I couldn't get her in the sack soon enough. My wife was nuts, I had taken advantage of that- shame on me- and I absolutely adored her. You only live once and you might as well try to have fun while you still can. As our new friend Stephen would have reported it, we fucked like bunnies. Really horny bunnies.
I had a new arsenal of sexy images of Kate playing in my head. Her naked run through the parking lot. Her poise and aplomb when the carload of guys caught her. The way she'd owned her nakedness when they did and showed herself off. Kazem trying so hard to fuck her. Kate flashing her freshly shaved cunt in the club. Her near nude too tight dress. The old man fondling her and sucking on her tits. Kate's own admission that she might have let him fuck her. It was another night of fucking like there was no tomorrow, dozing off only to wake and fuck again. Stir and repeat. I think the last time I fucked her was around five A.M. After that we were both exhausted.
I woke before Kate and was feeling peckish so I went down to the lobby for the free continental breakfast- and coffee, life sustaining coffee. I was the only guest in there at the moment and I waited while the clerk brewed a fresh pot. Who should walk in but the old man from last night. He saw me standing with an empty cup and asked "No coffee?"
"It's on the way." I told him. "The desk clerk just started a fresh pot."
"How did you manage to sleep last night with all the racket?" He asked me. "Or were you one of the partiers?"
"Nope, not me. Slept like a baby. But I had incentive. My wife wore me out." I held out my hand and we shook. "Ben." I told him.
He gave me a surprised look and then chuckled softy, winking at me.
"Archie."
"Well, Ben, you're young. Get it while it's hot. It's been a while since I screwed my way to sleep." He looked around warily and said in a low voice "My wife would slap me silly if I tried."
"That's a shame. I try to get in at least a poke a day."
"You never get tired of pussy do you Ben?"
"Never." I agreed
"I saw the oddest thing last night." He whispered to me. "I went to get ice for the missus' drink and there was a naked woman trying to hide behind a vending machine."
"You don't say!" My heart sped up a beat.
"Oh yeah. Gawd, she was a looker. Nice full tits with lovely fat nipples. How I love big nipples! I didn't believe my eyes at first. She was just standing there against the wall, naked as the day she was born. I'm not one to interfere in other folks' lives so I didn't let on I'd seen her. I went back to our room and told my wife and the old battle axe wouldn't believe me. She poked her head out in the hall, as if she expected to see a whole platoon of nude women marching the halls. But how I'd have loved to have spent the night porking that fine young piece of tail!"
The coffee was finished and I let Archie fill his cup first.
On cue, as if it were in the script, Kate walked in, of course wearing her sexy skintight beige dress and FMPs. She kissed me quickly and asked "No coffee?" Then she saw Archie. She didn't miss a beat, smiling sweetly and reaching out to shake his hand.
The old guy's jaw dropped and his eyes widened.
With a broad grin, I said "Kate, this is Archie. Archie, my beautifulwifeKate." Standing behind her I hugged my arms around her and smoothed her dress down, actually pulling it tighter around her tits to show off her thick nipples. Nipples with which of course he was already well familiar.
The old guy was speechless. Kate ducked away, smiling but certain I'd lost my marbles.
"Want to bring that coffee up to our room, Archie? Checkout time isn't for another few hours. Room 216."
"Oh, I couldn't...I...no, I'd better not. I have to get back to Grace."
"Won't take more than a few minutes, Arch."
"Ben. What...?" Kate interjected.
"Nice talking with you, Ben. Pleased to meet you Kate. I have to go though."
And he hurried away, red in the face.
"And what are you playing at, Benjamin Chopin?"
I looked to see if anyone was coming. "You told me you'd have let him fuck you. So, why not give him a shot at it?"
"I said I might have. You weren't there so I didn't.Mighthave, Ben."
"I'm here now."
"Are you serious? Do you really want me to do this guy?"
"I do. I really want to watch you do this old guy."
"Ben, I...where does this end?"
"I have no idea. Does it even have to end? But don't bullshit me. You've been on a roll since we decided to go to the club. You did say that old guy could suck your nipples anytime. I'm saying you should go for it then. Make this a weekend we'll never forget."
"It's already been plenty memorable. What more do you want?"
"Okay, I'll stop pressuring you. If you don't want to I certainly won't give you any shit about it. Your body, your choice. But I'd really like to see you choose to give that old man, and me, a morning to remember.
"God, you asshole." But she was smiling when she said it. "Okay. Hypothetically, say I do this...how does it work?"
"Easy peasy. We go back to our room. It's not eight A.M. yet. I call Archie, or better yetyoucall Archie, and you invite him to get better acquainted than you already are."
"He'll say no. You saw him. He was really embarrassed when he recognized me."
"So he says no. We go home and we still had an exciting weekend. But if he says yes..." I smiled wickedly.
"How about his wife?"
"I'm not fucking her, I don't care how much you beg."
"Good to know. How does Archie get free of his wife for half an hour or so?"
"That's his problem. All we can do is offer him the quail. It's up to him to shoot it."
"You are sooo fucking smooth and suave. All right then. Nothing ventured, as they say."
"Yeah, ordinarily I'd say they should mind their own business but in this case they have hit the nail squarely upon the head. Let's go seduce a senior citizen."
"What if he asks for an AARP discount?"
"We give it to him. Pull out all the stops. Make him king for a day."
We reconnoitered Archie's room simply by walking past it to get the number, then we decamped to our room and I picked up the phone and dialed, handing it immediately to Kate.
"Hello. Archie? This is Kate. You know, we met in the ice room last night and again just now in the lobby." She paused, listening.
"Thank you. That's very sweet."
"If you can get thirty minutes or so free I'd like to invite you to my room to get better acquainted. Maybe even exchange phone numbers?"
"Oh. Okay. Bye then."
She hung up and I was momentarily disappointed. It must have shown on my face.
"Take it easy. You look like a kid who didn't get his Daisy Red Ryder on Christmas morning. He can't talk in his room. He'll call from the phone in the hall."
"Why doesn't he just come here?"
"Do you want to handle the negotiations? Am I just a hole for him to fuck or am I allowed to arrange my own illicit assignations?"
"Okay, okay. I'll shut up."
"I seriously doubt that. But I've agreed to try so just let me do it."
The phone rang. She picked it up instantly, wanting to appear eager.
"That's my Kate- hot to trot!" I whispered.
She looked daggers at me and zipped her lips.
"Yes, Archie?
"That sounds wonderful. I'm so looking forward to it."
"Yes, he's here."
"It's no problem. I assure you he wants this as much as I do. Please do come on over." She hung up.
"He'll have to do it with me here Kate. I'm not leaving."
"He didn't ask for you to leave, and I wouldn't ask you to anyway. He just wondered where you were. And if...you know... you were okay with it."
A soft knock quickly came at the door. Kate got up and let Archie in. She didn't give any preamble or even say hello. Before the door had even swung shut she just put her hands on his cheeks and planted a heart stopping soulful kiss on his lips. It lingered for some time. My cock started pumping up.
"Archie, let's get you comfortable, shall we?"
She led him into the room to the end of the bed and stopped him there, then strolled over to our little table for a sip of coffee. That was so he could watch her strut her stuff. His eyes were riveted on her as she swayed seductively across the room, then turned to walk back to him, her tits jiggling provocatively as she sashayed toward him. He hadn't made a move to undress. Kate did it for him, starting by carefully unbuckling his belt as if he was a skittish colt and she didn't want to startle him. She undid the button on his trousers and turned it into the sexiest act of unbuttoning he'd probably ever seen. I had no idea the simple act of undoing a button could be so loaded with sexual intent. Slowly, delicately she popped the button out of its slot, licking her lips.
It was all caricature for maximum effect. She'd have made a good movie whore. Hell, she'd have made a terrific whore in real life.
Kate nursed Archie's zipper down tooth by tooth like a safecracker feeling the clicks of the tumblers, with just a nanosecond long enough pause between tugs. She reached in and rummaged around a bit, then fondled him standing there with his pants open. I was afraid he might fire off prematurely her moves were so loaded with libidinous intent. I was afraid I might shoot my own load just from watching.
Next off was his shirt. It was a knit polo shirt and she tugged at it, reaching inside the waistband with her fingers and running them all the way around from front to back. As Kate pulled the shirt up she dragged the backs of her fingers on his skin, back and forth, delicately stroking the flesh.
When she came to his nipples she lightly pinched them between the backs of her fingers. They got a lot of attention as he stood there trembling in anticipation, his shirt nearly up to his neck. Then in one motion she pulled it over his head, tossed it on the floor, turned him a little and pushed him back sitting on the bed. He sat transfixed. She knelt down and slipped off his shoes, then peeled away his socks, all very slowly and deliberately. She stood, pulling him up with her and she pushed his trousers down, kneeling again to pull them off his legs.
His boxers were the denouement. He'd be naked when they came off and she did it in grand sultry style, dragging them down his legs millimeter by millimeter. When his half hard cock flopped out she pressed her face to it, rubbing her face all over it and purring audibly. Down came the skivvies, Kate running her lips over his thighs as she revealed them and she tenderly worked them over his feet, then stood.
She backed away a bit and kicked off her heels, then took the hem of her dress in her fingers and ever so slowly began raising it. It was the only article of clothing she was wearing so she needed to milk it as long as she could. She swayed from side to side, thrusting her hips as she inched it up. When Archie first saw her naked shaved pussy I thought he might pass out. I was right there with him. I felt a little lightheaded myself.
Unhurried, degree by agonizing degree she turned to show him her perfect ass. I'd never seen it looking more magnificent than it did right then. Backing slowly toward him, she let him ponder the mysteries it held for a least a minute, bending slightly, slowly until she was displaying it right in his face. Archie didn't move a muscle, mesmerized by her seduction. Her cunt was oozing juices, glazing her labia which glistened with her arousal. She stopped just short of rubbing it in his face. Christ, he had to be able to smell how hot and ripe for fucking she was.
She turned again as slowly as before and brought her dress up to her breasts and revealed them to Archie. They bounced when the restrictive dress released them. Her fat nipples were standing straight out desperate for a hungry mouth to consume them. She gave the dress a random toss out of the way. I caught it and sniffed it, suffused with the scent of her. Now she was bending down to him, her full breasts inviting him to take them. He did. He sucked one into his mouth and groaned, gently belaboring her taut nipple. She allowed him to suckle and knead them for a good long time, knowing how much he savored them. He'd clearly told her he loved her big fat nipples.
When she pulled away he looked like he might either cry or kill to get them back. But she had a better treat in mind for him. Kneeling again she bent her face into his lap and sucked his semi erect cock into her mouth. Not only had I had this treat myself I'd watched Kate display her splendid cocksucking skills on others. She didn't shirk or skimp this time either. She played lovingly with him and made sure she was heard doing it, slurping and lip smacking and moaning mmmm. Her suction was audible when he occasionally slipped out of her warm mouth. She licked him like a popsicle and fondled his big balls.
Kate was giving him her premium treatment. I was surprised he didn't come, but my wife knew what she was about. Whenever he stiffened she'd release him, licking and sucking his nuts until he'd had a chance to come down, then sucking his cock in again. She played him like that for a good five minutes. I know because I was watching the clock on the nightstand too, as well as the erotic display in front of me.
Kate was ready for the main event now, and walked around him to lie on her back on the bed. Her legs spread lewdly wide, with one hooking finger she beckoned to him to join her. And join with her he did. His dick was rigid from Kate's oral ministrations and she was drizzling cunt juice- he plumbed her and got her measure in one stroke. He started out slowly. I had to hand it to the old man. If I'd entered her right then after the show she'd put on I think I'd have shot my rocks immediately.
Archie stroked in and out of Kate, building their already stratospheric arousal steadily higher. It was all straight missionary fucking, no fancy positions, and it was incredibly erotic, a gray haired, sagging old man pounding his cock in and out of my succulent and nubile young wife. Her nectar was pouring into her ass crack and coating his hard cock. She had her legs wrapped tightly around him as if he might escape and she clawed at his back, pulling him deeper into her. I saw and heard her come. She moaned a long, low carnal growl and stiffened, arching up her hips to take in her lover.
Old and steady Archie fucked her right through her climax, speeding up now, sawing in and out of my Kate, driving hard into her, lifting her ass off the mattress with his thrusts. He came with a loud and satisfied groan and tried to ram his dick up into her fecund married belly as he filled her with his warm jism. If you were keeping score- and I was- he fucked my wife for eleven minutes and forty five seconds. The first time.
For the moment Archie was all in. He collapsed on top of my wife momentarily, then rolled off to her side. I didn't wait. I hadn't planned to do this, I was just so cranked up I had to fuck her again. Never mind Archie still lying panting on his back on our bed. Never mind that I had fucked her four times the night before. I needed to have my wife. I mounted her and she clutched me tightly, moaning 'Oh yeah, fuck me, Ben.'
And I fucked her as hard as I possibly could. I loved her so deeply in that moment it nearly hurt and I was still stunned at the seductive display she had put on. I had enjoyed watching her be used by Pat and Gene, but the events of that day had, well, not soured the experience exactly but taken the edge off the pleasure a little. This time she had pulled out all the stops to give Archie- and me- a morning like no other. I knew my wife well but she had amazed me with her seduction technique and lovemaking skills. Kate was a rock star when it came to fucking.
I pounded away at her for another ten minutes. My wife had spent twenty one minutes that morning with a cock invading her cunt and it wasn't even noon yet. Kate came again, slamming her pussy onto my cock and moaning. That just goaded me on to plunge into her even harder. I lifted her ass off the bed and tried to enter her bodily, exploding into her. She wouldn't let me roll off of her but held me tightly instead. I heard Archie on the phone. I paid no attention to what he was saying.
Kate said she needed to pee and while she was gone Archie told me he'd called his wife and he had more time, if that was okay with us.
"How'd you manage that, Arch?"
"My wife's a late sleeper and I'm an early riser. She won't get out of bed before ten. I told her I'd gone for a walk and stopped for breakfast. That gives me plenty of time to lay a few more inches of pipe. So, may I ask to stay a bit longer?"
"Fine by me Archie but it's up to Kate, you know."
"What's up to me?"
Kate had reappeared.
"Archie wants to go for another round."
"Oh he does, does he?" She grinned at him and plopped on the bed, reaching for him. Talking to his dick she asked "Have you got another one in you for me? You're a spry one. Let me see what I can do to help that happen."
She crawled between his legs and bent down, sucking in his flaccid dick. He hadn't overestimated himself. Slowly but surely Kate sucked him hard again. We were all impressed including Archie himself.
"Attaboy, Archie!" Kate laughed.
"I wasn't sure myself Kate but I won't get another chance with a woman as sexy as you in this lifetime. Had to go for it."
She crawled up the bed and wantonly spread her legs wide again. It's as inviting a sight as a man will ever see.
She patted her belly and said "Come to mama, Archie. Get that thing inside me while it's locked and loaded."
So I watched the old timer fuck my wife a second time. He took his time but never pulled out of her to rest.
"At my age you don't really know how many erections are still in the arsenal so when one pops up you'd best use it." He said, still plowing in and out of my wife.
She smiled and cradled his gray head kissing him affectionately.
"Do I need to be worried, Kate? Are you getting sweet on this old fart?"
"I am, but no, you don't have to worry. I'm keeping both of you. I could get used to being serviced like this every morning."
"Archie, you old horndog, am I gonna come home some day and find you burying your bone up my wife's ass?"
"You never know, young man. I'm like a vintage wine. She's already acquired a taste for it. You can see for yourself."
He plowed Kate even longer the second time. He told me later he was afraid if he stopped he'd be done for good so he kept pumping like it was his last hurrah. He tried but didn't make her come again. I know very well she loved it anyway. Fucking just feels so good!
By the time he'd finished it was still only nine thirty. Archie took a quick shower.
"The missus would go ballistic if I showed up smelling like Eau de Kate. I hate to wash her off me but discretion is the better part of valor." He told us.
When he'd finished Kate looked at me and waved her phone. I nodded in agreement so she tapped her number into his phone and added his to her own.
"If you ever come our way Archie I'd love a return engagement. I mean it. You're a terrific lover. And I know I speak for Ben, too. This has been a wonderful morning with my two studs. We could make a weekend out of it if you can get away. What do you say?"
"You know if I can manage it I will definitely accept that invitation. Thank you sweet, sweet Kate. I will never forget you." And he walked out.
Kate said it was bittersweet. She'd never expected to actually like the old guy, nor did I. Now he was gone. But we'd both taken a shine to him. I was pretty impressed with his performance. He had to be in his sixties at least. I mentioned it to Kate.
"Yeah. Who knew the guy could last that long? He fucked me good and hard both times. If we'd had time...and maybe some viagra...I'd have gladly spent the day with the two of you pleasuring me."
"Were you just massaging his ego when you said you'd like to make a weekend of it? You know, making a date to fuck him for two or three days running?"
"No. I got good vibes from Archie. I'd spend a weekend with him. Not alone, of course. Obviously I'd want you there. That should go without saying."
"I wasn't questioning that."
"Well, we had that one kind of fiasco and I know you hate feeling left out. I don't blame you for that. I'd be pissed if you were chasing skirts and blowing me off. But when I said I might have let him fuck me in the ice room you looked a little shocked and maybe...did I see disappointment? I was yanking your chain of course."
I wasn't entirely sure I believed that, but in fact she had not let him fuck her until I okayed it.
"Well yeah, now that you mention it. I mean, you groped Kazem's cock when I wasn't around and asked Archie to feel you up so sometimes I'm not absolutely sure you're thinking of including me. And I admit it's hot to have you tell me shit like that later, but it sets off my jealousy knowing I'm not a part of your sex act. If I'm watching I'm at least involved, if only passively. Okay, my fucking ego is weird like that. But it's how I feel, so now you know that."
"Ben- I love you. It's not weird. I know you love the tease so I tell you that stuff to wind you up. I'm not gonna run off for a free love weekend with Archie, no matter how sweet he is. Or anybody else. Even if you wanted me to I'd stand my ground on that. I've told you. I know I fucked up big time acting the way I did with Pat. I just completely lost my head and my bearings. I guess it's kind of a delicate balance, ego. There's no clear line between the tease and an overt act that excludes you. Neither of us can see where the line is but we know when it's crossed.
"Sometimes." I said. "The difference, at least one big difference, is that now we're talking about it before we do it. I do not much care for competition, especially competing for your attention. I suppose it comes with being male. I worry that you'll find someone better. Someone better in bed, a better provider, a better listener."
"Oh Ben, no! Come here." I walked over and sat next to her on the bed and she enveloped me in her arms.
"That's not what I want. What I want is you. Sure, I like fooling around. It's naughty and illicit, almost like cheating without actually having sex. That's exhilarating above and beyond the thrill of being desired. But I always have you there to catch me. I don't mean just physically, I mean my heart. I never forget that you love me.
"Christ, Ben, you gave me Archie. I wouldn't have done him if you hadn't let me. You tried to give me Joe to get me out of my slump. Hell, you'd have given me Pat if I hadn't...well, you know. And you've never given up on me. I have the most thoughtful and giving husband on the planet."
"Okay, that's enough of massaging my fragile ego. I'm limp as overcooked linguini now. Sometimes even I think we overthink things and I was the one all bruised about not talking shit through.
"Let's get in the shower and go home." I told her.
"Is that an invitation?"
"Yep. Come on. I'll wash your back and you can wash mine. Or maybe I'll fuck you again."
"Wow. How's a girl to choose? Can I have both please?"
So I fucked her standing in the shower and washed her back when we finished.
"You want breakfast?"
"Four fucks, a shower and now breakfast? This is the life!"