I'm not really the bragging type, but as far as I'm concerned I'm the luckiest man alive. My girlfriend, Elise, is the hottest, sexiest, nicest person I've ever met. For those who don't know, she stands just a little over five feet tall, is very slender with long dirty blonde hair and bright blue eyes.
Her breasts aren't huge, but they aren't tiny either, I say they match her petite frame perfectly. Some guys, like my roommates, absolutely love her boobs. Hey I do too, but I think I prefer her amazing ass. That's just the kind of guy I am.
Of course nothing's perfect and our relationship is no different. Not too long ago, when Elise's apartment was being repaired, she was living with me. It was great having her at my place except for the fact that she had a bad habit of getting naked far too frequently and easily in front of my roommates. Of course it bothered me, especially at first, but it always led to crazy, wild sex so I just kind of let it go.
Ever since her place was repaired I've been trying to spend more time over there. There are two great reasons I like hanging out at her place. First, I don't need to worry about my horny roommates hitting on her, and second, I also get to see Elise's impossibly cute roommate Emily.
Emily had wavy shoulder length brunette hair that always seemed a little messy but in a way that perfectly framed her slightly round pretty face. She had softer curves than Elise, and maybe even a slight belly, but it's nothing any guy would ever complain about and she certainly wasn't fat. Her breasts were a nice size too, they were quite large and definitely suited her.
To compare the two, when I look at Elise, my reaction is usually something about how damn hot she is but my reaction to Emily is different, more along the line of "damn she's cute." The perfect girl-next-door that every guy had his first crush on. I've never told Elise this, but I've had a bit of a crush on Emily from the moment I met her.
For the entire time I knew Emily she was single and this always surprised me. I couldn't understand why no one snatched her up. Heck, I would have in a heartbeat if I wasn't already with Elise. Recently, however, it seemed her luck had finally changed and she started seriously dating a guy named Ryan from our College. I didn't really know him very well since he was in a different program from me, but he seemed like a pretty good guy. Ryan was over at the Elise and Emily's place even more than I was, but due to our work and class schedules I rarely bumped into him.
The other night Ryan and I were hanging out at the girls place watching the baseball game. It was one of the few times we were alone together as Emily wasn't home yet and Elise was busy in her room finishing off a school project. I didn't really mind passing the time with him until Elise was done. Like myself, Ryan's a big sports fan and we bonded over our favorite team's struggles.
"Kevin," Elise said walking into the room. "My laptop's acting up again, can you take a look?"
Ryan and I looked up from the game to see Elise standing there in nothing but her underwear. It wasn't one of her super sexy sets, just a sports bra and cute cotton boy cut panties but it's still less clothing than I'd prefer her to wear around other guys.
I could see Ryan soaking in the sight and checking out her ass as I walked Elise back to her room.
"Shouldn't you wear a little more around Ryan?" I asked as I picked up her laptop.
"Huh? What do you mean?" Elise replied, not sure what I was getting at.
"You sure Emily's okay with you walking around half naked in front of her boyfriend?" I asked.
Elise shrugged her shoulders, "I don't think he cares or even notices. He's dating Emily, not me."
She showed me that her laptop was frozen and wouldn't even turn off, I flipped it over and yanked the battery.
"He's a guy," I replied. "I think he's going to notice you walking around in next to nothing."
"Well," Elise said unconcerned, "he's never complained and neither has Emily so I don't think it's a problem."
I replaced the battery and the laptop booted up. Elise was happy again.
"You do this often?" I asked.
"Do what?" she replied as she pulled up a spreadsheet.
"Walk around practically naked in front of Ryan"
Elise crossed her legs on the bed and smiled her innocent smile at me. "I think you're over reacting. First of all, it's my house and I like to be comfortable. I find dressing like this to be really comfortable."
I really couldn't argue with that. It's not like I can tell her how to dress in her own place.
"And second," she added, "Like I said, he doesn't care so why should I? Even when I was naked he didn't care."
"He's seen you naked?"
"Yeah, sure" she shrugged again. "I there was a couple times I was walking around and didn't realize he was here."
"I see..." I frowned.
"Oh, don't get all worked up about it. He was naked too so it all evens out," she explained turning back to her laptop.
"Why was he naked too?" I exclaimed, wondering what the heck was going on.
"I assume because he was having sex with Emily. Why else would he be naked?" she said without looking up from her work.
"So... you were in their room?"
Elise laughed, "Of course not. It's not like we were having a threesome. I bumped into him in the hall when I was leaving the bathroom. Honestly, it's all innocent. He was embarrassed too. Trust me, if you hung around here enough I'm sure you'd see Emily walking around naked too."
I decided to drop it. Accidents do happen. I gave Elise a kiss and headed back to the living room to let her get her project done.
"Everything okay?" Ryan asked as I sat down.
"Yeah, no worries," I answered. "Elise has this old laptop that crashes sometimes. Did I miss anything?"
"Nah, not really," he replied as I settled in to watch the game. "We still can't hit with runners on base."
About fifteen minutes later Elise emerged from her bedroom again and passed in front of us to go to the kitchen. Even after our talk she didn't bother putting any more clothes on. Elise returned a moment later with a tall glass of ice water.
"How's the game going," she replied casually stopping near of Ryan. She turned to face the TV, and watched for a minute. As I expected, Ryan paid more attention to Elise's butt than the game.
"It's going great," Ryan replied with a grin.
"Awesome," Elise said. She came over to me, bent over and gave me a kiss. Again Ryan took advantage of the view. "I'm almost done," she smiled before walking away, "then I'm all yours."
Emily arrived home shortly after, dropped her bag in the hall and immediately sat down beside Ryan. They certainly looked like a happy couple as they wasted no time snuggling up together. I wasn't sure she even noticed me at first, being totally preoccupied by her new guy.
"Hey, Kevin, how's it going," Emily said cheerfully after she finished Ryan's hello kiss. She looked super cute in her jeans and a just-a-little-too-tight V-neck t-shirt that showed off her large breasts.
"Good," I replied. "Just hanging out with Ryan and watching the game."
"Cool. Where's Elise? Is she home?" she asked.
"Yeah, she's in her room finishing off her project. Should be done soon," I said.
Emily nodded and turned her attention back to Ryan. She gave a quiet little giggle as his hands moved up her shirt and grabbed her boobs.
If Emily was uncomfortable being felt up in front of me she certainly didn't show it. Ryan had her shirt raised practically to her bra already, and as his hands slipped behind her back to undo the clasp it looked like I might be in for an unexpected show.
As much as I'd love to see Emily's boobs, I felt a little creepy sitting there watching so I got up to see if Elise was almost done. There's nothing worse than being a third wheel.
Emily saw me get up. "I'm really sorry," she panted, catching her breath. "We just get a little carried away sometimes, you don't need to leave. We can behave."
I paused for a moment, not entirely sure what to do. Luckily, I think Elise heard what was going on and came out to save me.
"Hey Em," Elise called out as she entered the room, "when did you get home?"
"Just now," Emily replied.
I saw that Elise still hadn't bothered to put clothes on. Looks like she was insisting on staying in her underwear.
"Wow, you guys don't waste any time," she laughed at Emily who was already half undressed by Ryan.
"What can I say," Ryan quipped, "I can't keep my hands off her."
"Eek, maybe we can't behave," Emily said quickly as Ryan undid the button on her pants and started to slide them down over her hips. She grabbed frantically at the waistband of her underwear that was in danger of sliding down with them. "I think we should head to my room."
Emily managed to break free of Ryan and I got a flash of her magnificent tits as she clumsily tried to pull down her shirt. I couldn't be certain, but the way she turned towards me to do it and the shy little smile she gave me, it really looked like she wanted me to see them. Emily then stood up, hiked up her pants, and took Ryan's hand as they hurried off to the bedroom. "Back in a bit," she called out.
"Have fun," Elise said with a wicked smile, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!"
With the sofa now available, Elise quickly moved in beside me.
"They're so cute aren't they?" she said cheerfully. "I'm sorry for taking so long, but you have me all too yourself now."
It was really nice to finally have some time with Elise. She squealed in mock protest as I grabbed her and pulled her on top of me.
"See, this is why I don't bother getting dressed," she laughed.
We stretched out on the couch together with Elise on top of me. As we kissed, my hands roamed wherever they wanted to. Hers did the same. I slipped one hand down the back of her panties and massaged her bare ass as she grinded against me.
I was suddenly distracted by a loud moan coming from the down the hallway. I stopped for a moment to listen. The distinct moans were soon accompanied by the sounds of an old squeaky bed banging against the wall.
Elise looked down at me and started to laugh.
"Are they always like this?" I asked.
"Yeah, they're like rabbits. They pretty much fuck the whole time they're together," Elise replied with a smile. "Kinda like us at the beginning."
Elise and I still have a very active sex life, but she was correct. The first couple months we were together were nonstop sex.
The cries from down the hall got louder. They were clear enough that I don't think they even bothered to close their door.
"She's quite the little screamer. I never would have guessed," I grinned.
"I know what you mean," Elise agreed, "she's got quite the little potty mouth too when Ryan gets her going. You wouldn't believe some of the shit she yells out. Usually I need to put headphones on and crank up the volume."
Try as I might I couldn't imagine Emily talking like that, she seemed so innocent and wholesome.
Elise sat up and pulled off her bra revealing her cute boobs. "Come on. Let's have our own fun."
I was ready to move to the bedroom and would have preferred the privacy, but Elise insisted on doing it right here on the couch. I was a little nervous about Emily or Ryan being in the next room with the door open, but when a girl as hot as Elise wants to fuck, I'm not about to argue over location. I figured they were busy enough with each other and unlikely to walk in on us so I forgot about them and focused on my hot girlfriend.
Elise pulled down my pants, stepped out of her panties and tossed them across the room before jumping back on top of me.
"Warm me up a little first?" she said as she straddled and lowered herself to my face.
Elise groaned as my tongue flicked at her sensitive button. She slowly rotated her hips, making sure I hit every area she wanted licked. It was kind of funny eating out Elise but hearing Emily groaning in the background. Her moans were almost exactly in sync to Elise's movements so I almost felt I was doing the wrong girl.
"Okay, I'm ready now," she said breathlessly after a couple minutes.
My hot girlfriend gracefully slid herself down my body until my cock was just waiting at her slit. She reached back, positioned my rod with her hand then quickly thrust herself back. With a loud grunt from Elise, I was now deep inside her wet pussy.
It was actually a huge turn on fucking Elise while hearing Emily getting railed in the next room. I don't think it was my imagination but Elise was extra vocal tonight, it's like she wanted Emily and Ryan to hear us.
Maybe all the noise we were making turned Ryan and Emily on as well. They seemed to ratchet up the volume too and I soon heard what sounded like an amazing orgasm coming from their room.
My hot girlfriend threw her head back and arched her back as she bounced on my cock. I stared at her perfect boobs as they moved and jiggled to our rhythm.
Elise screamed out, "Fuck me harder Kevin, fuck me!"
I grabbed her hips and forced her up and down on me as hard as I could. The feeling was incredible as her tight hairless pussy gripped my shaft. I closed my eyes and tried to focus on not cumming too soon. Elise was close to orgasm and I wanted her to reach first.
Opening my eyes briefly, it looked to me like Elise was looking down the hallway towards Emily's room. She had a big smile on her face. From my vantage point, the back of the sofa was blocking my view so I couldn't tell for sure what she was looking at, but it was definitely in that direction. Still gazing down the hall, Elise began to shake and let out a huge orgasm with a wail that could wake the dead.
I tried to sit up to see what Elise was looking at, but she quickly turned her head back to me with a wicked smile and forcefully pushed me back down.
"Cum inside me baby, please" she pleaded. "I want you to cum."
Her begging pushed me over the edge and it only took a few more hard thrusts before I released a torrent of cum inside her waiting pussy. Elise collapsed on top of me and covered my face with kisses.
"Oh god you were so good," she sighed, resting her head on my chest. "Can we go back to my room now? The bed's more comfortable and I need to talk to you about something."
I got off the couch, adjusted my pants and lifted a limp, climax dazed Elise into my arms to carry her to her room.
She wrapped her arms around my neck. "My big strong man," she said as she held me tight. "I love it when you carry me."
I finally had a moment to look down the hallway. I didn't see anything at all. Emily's door was open but it was dark inside so I couldn't see anything. It also seemed that Ryan and Emily were also finished fooling around as the house was completely quiet now.
I carried Elise to her bed, undressed and lay down, spooning her from behind. She wiggled her butt as I nestled my now softening penis between her cheeks.
"Do you think they heard us?" Elise whispered.
"You were pretty vocal, but then again so were they," I replied, "Maybe they were too busy to notice, but I'm pretty sure they did."
Elise giggled. "I think it was pretty hot listening to them. I hope they liked it as much as I did."
"Yeah," I agreed, "it was pretty hot."
"Umm, Kevin?" Elise whispered again.
"Yes babe," I replied with a small yawn. Sex with Elise can really wear me out.
"Do you like Emily?" she asked.
"Sure I like her, why?"
"I don't know, she says you always seem quiet around her. Emily and I were wondering if you didn't like her. She's worried about it," she explained.
"I didn't realize I was like that. She seems really cool, and yeah I like her a lot," I replied. I guess due to my little crush I was awkward around Emily and she was picking up the vibe.
"Cool. That makes me feel better. Emily and I want us all to be able to hang out together so I want to make sure you're not mad or anything. She really wants you to like her," Elise said as she gave me a hug.
"I like her," I assured Elise.
"Awesome. Umm, what about Ryan?" She asked.
"What about him? He seems like an okay guy."
Elise paused. "Well... What would you say if I told you Ryan saw me naked again?"
"What? When?" I asked, more than a little surprised.
"Tonight, when we were having sex. Ryan and Emily went to the bathroom and they saw us," she said carefully seeing how I'd was going to react.
So that's what she was looking at while we were having sex.
"Are you mad?" she asked. "I didn't know they were going to come out. It was an accident and you looked like you were having a lot of fun so I didn't want to stop to cover up."
"How long?" I asked.
She thought for a moment, "I think he's about the same size as you but it's hard to tell since he was soft. Why is that important?"
"No, not that," I said getting annoyed. "How long did he, or they watch?"
"Oh," Elise giggled at her mistake. "I don't know, not very long. I'm not very good with time, maybe a minute until they went back to the bedroom? Anyway, like I said it was sort of embarrassing watching them look at me while I was having sex, but I didn't want to stop and ruin it for you."
"It's okay," I sighed. "I'm not mad. It was an accident right?"
"Thank you for not being mad," she purred. "You're the best. I'm sure it was embarrassing for them too. I think that's why they just stood there and watched, they were probably too embarrassed and surprised to move. I'm really glad you're okay. I just want us all to get along and be good friends with no hard feelings."
"I'll be okay," I reassured her.
Elise was quiet for a while and we held each other until she heard voices coming from the living room. "Sounds like they're finished fooling around. Can we go out there? I don't want Emily and Ryan to think you're mad at them."
I really wanted to spend more alone time with Elise but I didn't even have a chance to protest. She slipped out of bed, threw on a thin t-shirt that barely reached below her ass, and was halfway to the door before I knew it.
"See, I'm even covering up for you," she said proudly.
I'm not sure a short thin t-shirt with no bra or panties is really covering up, but it's a start and definitely better than going out nude.
Elise slipped out the door as I grabbed my clothes and followed behind a moment later.
Ryan and Emily were together on the sofa with Elise taking a place on the other side of Ryan. She was whispering something to both of them as I came in.
I couldn't help but feel a little overdressed. Ryan was only wearing a pair of boxers, Emily had on a really cute short baby blue nightie and Elise was in her thin t-shirt. Maybe the girls really do just walk around in their underwear more than I realized. I half wondered if I should take something off.
"Hey Kevin," Emily said warmly, "Elise told us you're pretty tired but I'm really glad you came back out. We're just looking for something to watch together."
The sofa was full so I decided to sit in the comfy side chair.
"Don't hide over there, come sit near me," Emily waved for me to come over to her.
A sat down on the floor near Emily's and she playfully rested her feet on my lap. I never really noticed before but she has really cute feet. I heard her quietly giggle as I gently started rubbing them.
The foot rub was more out of habit than anything, I honestly didn't even realize I was doing it at first. Elise loved having her feet rubbed and I'd often sit on the floor and massage them while we watched a movie together.
I turned to Emily, "Sorry, I can stop. Just a habit."
Emily smiled at me, "No, it feels really nice. I like it a lot. Please keep going." She opened her legs slightly and from my vantage point on the floor I got a clear view of her tiny blue panties. They were sheer enough that I caught a glimpse of her neatly trimmed bush before she casually closed them again. It didn't seem like an accident, and it wasn't so obvious the others noticed. I guess Emily really did want me to like her.
The four of us joked around, talked and watched a couple shows together. Ryan's actually a pretty good guy and I was thinking that he and Emily made a good couple.
"It been a lot of fun hanging with you guys, but I'm really tired," I said after the last show finished. "I hate being the party pooper but I gotta get some rest.
"I'm going to stay up a little longer," Elise said, "I won't be too late but don't try to stay awake for me."
"We should all do something together tomorrow," I suggested and everyone agreed that sounded like a good idea.
I gave Elise a kiss goodnight, said my goodbyes and tried to head to the bedroom. Emily blocked my path until I gave her a hug.
Sometimes I get paranoid about leaving Elise alone with other guys but I wasn't too worried tonight, as long as Emily was there I didn't see things getting out of hand.
It was pretty late when Elise finally joined me in bed. I felt her warm nude body press up against me and fell back asleep, content that my girl was once again with me. As I drifted off I thought I heard the sounds of Emily having another orgasm, those two seem to have limitless energy.
--
I was woken up in the morning right in the middle of a great sex dream. Fortunately for me, the reality was even better. Elise's warm mouth was wrapped around my cock and she was working hard to take care of my morning erection.
Like everything thing else in my girlfriends sexual arsenal, her blowjobs are amazing. I really don't care to know how she got so good, where she learned the little tongue tricks from, or how she can effortlessly deep throat. All I care about is that I'm the one she does it to.
I was already pretty horny from the dream, so it was short work for Elise before I was grunting and squirting in her mouth. She eagerly swallowed every drop and wiped her mouth with the back of her arm.
"Good morning sunshine," she said with a warm smile.
"Well that's a great way to start the day," I sighed.
Elise laughed, "I like to keep my man happy."
"How was your night? You came to bed pretty late."
"Yeah, the three of us talked and stuff for a while. It was nice. The two of them are normally too busy screwing so I don't get to talk to them as much as I'd like," my girlfriend replied.
"What did you talk about?" I asked.
"This is and that," she replied. "School stuff mostly. Did you know Ryan is studying Sports Medicine?"
"Yeah, he mentioned that to me earlier when we were watching the game. Did he tell you about it?"
Elise smiled, "Kind of. Emily's really lucky to have a great guy like him. She was bragging how good he is at massages since he's taken courses on it. Although she admits your foot rub was really, really nice too."
I was happy to hear Emily liked it.
"Well anyway," she continued. "My feet and legs were aching from walking around campus all day. You know how crazy my schedule is on Fridays, right? So Ryan offered to rub my feet and calves for me. I hope it's okay that I let him."
"I guess. I don't really see a problem with a foot rub," I answered.
"I thought so," Elise said relieved. "I know you were rubbing Emily's feet earlier too so I figured it wasn't a big deal right?"
"Of course," I agreed, "it's just a foot rub."
"Exactly!" she exclaimed, "I'm so glad we're on the same page. You know how my ex used to get all silly about these sorts of things. I'm so glad you're not jealous like he was."
Elise shifted positions to get more comfortable, she curled up beside me and lay her head on my chest.
"I'm not criticizing the ones you give me at all, but Ryan's foot rub was really good," Elise continued with a sigh. "I just leaned back, closed my eyes, and relaxed."
"I'm glad you liked it," I reassured her and stroked her hair.
"It was amazing. I just hope you don't get mad about this next part," Elise said cautiously.
"Why would I get mad?" I asked.
"Well, I was leaning back on the couch, feeling the tension melt away and trying to enjoy it, but I kept hearing Emily quietly giggling and snorting beside me. You know that funny laugh she has." Elise tried to impersonate it and ended up cracking up at her poor attempt.
It took a minute before Elise calmed herself down enough to continue. "Emily was being pretty distracting so I opened my eyes to see why she was laughing. That's when I noticed that when I slid back on the couch, my shirt had ridden up to my waist."
She paused. I winced. She didn't need to continue, I knew exactly what she was going to say.
Elise took a breath then continued, "Well... I kinda forgot I wasn't wearing panties... and with Ryan kneeling in front of me. Well... I was pretty much on full display for him."
She paused a moment to see how I was going to react. I should have been shocked or surprised but this was hardly the first time something like this happened.
"It was so embarrassing. I thought I was going to die," Elise tried to explain. "But Emily just kept laughing, she thought it was hilarious. You're not too mad are you? Honest, it was an accident."
I had to admit I wasn't too happy about it. But judging from Emily's reaction it probably was an accident. I found it hard to believe Emily would let Elise do it on purpose.
"I'm really sorry," Elise continued. "Ryan tried to comfort me. He told me he's seen lots of accidental nudity while practicing his therapy, so it wasn't a big deal and I shouldn't worry about it. Apparently these things happen all the time. That made me feel a little better. He was really professional about the whole thing. I think he would have just pretended it didn't happen if it wasn't for Emily's laughing."
I guess if your girlfriend is going to flash her pussy at another guy, it's good that he was professional about it. I was searching for any silver lining at this point.
"Anything else you want to tell me?" I asked not sure if I really wanted to know.
"Sure, but I think that was the worst of it," Elise said. "The other stuff is all normal. I told him about that pinch I have under my shoulder blade. He worked on that for me too and gave me some rehab exercises to try out. My shoulder feels a lot better already."
"Oh, that's good," I said. At least something good was coming out of this.
"Yeah," Elise agreed. "I was really happy about it. Ryan did the best that he could. He said things would have been easier if he had a real massage table to work with, but since we obviously don't, Emily and I just stripped and lay on the floor for him while he worked on us."
"Wait," I interrupted, "you both stripped and lay on the floor?"
"Sure," Elise answered, "I'm not going to take all of Ryan's attention. Emily wanted a massage too and Ryan said you can't give a proper one through clothing so we undressed."
I groaned at the thought of Elise and Emily laying naked on the floor together while Ryan ran his hands all over them.
"I'm really sorry if it makes you mad," Elise said trying to calm me, "it was just a normal massage. People get naked for massages all the time."
She had me there. I mean, people do undress for massages all the time. I'd have to give her the benefit of the doubt, and besides it's not like Ryan could do anything inappropriate with Emily right there too.
"So..." I asked nervously, "besides your feet and shoulder, what else did her help with."
"Oh, just general massage stuff I guess," she explained. "Hands, arms, neck, legs, chest..."
"He massaged your boobs?"
Elise laughed, "No silly, he massaged the muscles under the boobs. I mean, sure he had to hold my boobs to massage my chest, but I don't consider that a boob massage."
I suppose she had a point.
"Emily teased me about how hard my nipples were getting and that it was interfering with the massage. It was really funny. I didn't mean for them to get hard, but the massage did feel really nice and was getting me a little warmed up, if you know what I mean. Ryan had to work on my chest for a quite a while too. He said the muscles were really tight, probably from a muscle imbalance with my shoulder."
Of course he did, I thought.
"I'm so glad you aren't jealous and mad at me," Elise said as she raised her head and gave me a kiss. "Ryan was just trying to help me out. No big deal right? It would probably be really expensive if I needed to pay for a therapist out of pocket and this was completely free."
I sighed, "Yeah, no big deal. Just please keep it professional."
Elise smiled, "I will. It's really nice having him around."
"So that was the end of things?" I asked once more hopefully.
"Yeah pretty much," Elise nodded. "Ryan showed us how to do a few things too, so Emily and I practiced on each other. It was fun. You and I can do them together if you'd like. I think I remember most of them."
I thought that sounded good. I do like it when Elise rubs my shoulders.
"Afterwards, Emily convinced me that it would be really nice if I thanked Ryan for massaging me. He did spend a lot of time helping me and making me feel better," Elise said with a smile. "So she had me spent a little time rubbing him too. That's okay right? It was her idea."
"I guess... I mean returning a favor is a nice thing to do, and if Emily didn't mind, I don't mind either. What kind of rubbing? Like his shoulders? You do give really good shoulder rubs." I asked.
"Umm, I guess there was some of that too. It was mostly, you know, the nice stress relief kind of rubbing that guys like," Elise tried to explain. "I'm so relieved you agreed it's okay, I was really worried I crossed a line."
I still didn't know exactly what she was talking about, but I assured her it was no big deal.
"I did it for as long as I could, but my arm was starting to get really tired," Elise went on, happy that I wasn't mad, "so Emily took over and finished him off. Ryan thanked us both. He said it was an amazing happy ending to the day and that we both did an awesome job with our hands."
All in all I would have preferred if Elise wasn't touching other guys, but since it was probably just a simple back rub there was no need to get worked up about it. I reminded myself again that Emily was there the whole time which helped put my mind at ease.
Elise finished her story. "We cleaned each other up after that since Ryan was a little messy. Then just chilled for a bit longer. I was getting pretty tired, and it looked like Emily wanted to keep playing with Ryan, so I decided to let them have some alone time and come in here with my love."
"That's my girl," I said.
Elise gave me a kiss then hopped out of bed and started rummaging for her clothes. "Now have a shower and get dressed. The four of us are having breakfast then heading out for a day of crazy fun."
I could hardly wait to see what they had planned.