Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Rachel
Another lost bet story hopefully with a twist
My girlfriend and I had been going steady all the way through our sophomore year at the state college. The sex was regular but had gotten kind of predictable. She would give me a little head and I would go down on her until she had her orgasm. Intercourse wouldn't do it for her but I enjoyed the time spent between her legs so it wasn't a real chore. But like I said the sex was fairly same time after time, after she had her orgasm we would do it in the missionary position until I had my turn. So to try and spice it up I challenged her to a contest. We were both fans of pro basketball. I liked my home team and she cheered for some losers in the Midwest.
It was simple. The winner would get to be in control and the loser had to be agreeable to any reasonable demands. Under no conditions would the episode last past seven the next morning. It was agreed that there would be no pain or making the loser parade naked around out of the room. No moral or illegal acts. After setting the conditions we did a pinky swear.
The big game was on a Thursday night and the payback was to take place the following Friday. My roommate was going home for the week end and the winner would have free run of my room. It was a close game but her team won on a bad call by the referee. Rachel agreed it was a bad call but never the less she had won. When I tried to get her to agree to some fun in bed before she left Rachel merely told me to save it. I would need all my strength so I should go to bed early and alone. As she was leaving my room she was laughing and reminding me she would be back at seven the next night and I should be ready for twelve hours of servitude.
Expecting the worst, her first demand was I take her out to dinner and the local Thai restaurant. I was really surprised at this command. I expected she would have some embarrassing plans for me. As we were eating I had to ask what or why was she doing this. "Oh Frankie...I'm not some sex starved horny woman. Besides I got twelve hours of your devotion and there's plenty of time to get some satisfaction. So just relax, I'll let you service me all in due time."
As we neared my building she asked me to get a bag out of her trunk. I assumed it was things she would want in the morning. Clean clothes, hair brush, toothbrush, all the necessities. I started to open it and she stopped me with, "Keep your grubby fingers out of my stuff. If I want you looking in there I would have told you to."
The game was on. Rachel was taking control. It kind of shocked me. I really didn't expect her to be so strong. I thought she might be a little dominate but not like this. When she grabbed at the bag and jerked it out of my hands it almost fell on the sidewalk. Holding the bag in one hand she took me by the elbow and started to the dorm door, "Come on loser...its payback time. Until seven tomorrow morning remember?"
I locked my room door and turned toward her. She sat on my roomies bed and gave me a stare for several minutes. When I opened my mouth she put her finger over her lips in the hush symbol and hissed, "Shish. You only speak when I tell you to...understand?" I started to open my mouth again, "Shish...Frankie. Don't say a word." I nodded that I understood. "Yes. Very good we are in agreement. I talk, you listen and do."
She reached into her bag and dug around for a few seconds and pulled out her phone. When a song with a strong beat came on I got my orders. "I want to see a strip show Frankie. Shake your booty. One item of clothes at a time and make it entertaining. Make me enjoy it."
Well I have to tell you I am not a dancer, no sense of rhythm, two left feet. So I could only stand there and wiggle my body. As my shirt came off it was plain I wasn't impressing Rachel. "That's all you got? My cat can move better than that. Come on buddy...put some moves on."
I tried. I really did but it was kind of hopeless. I almost fell when kicking my shoes off. Balancing on one foot to remove a sock wasn't very elegant. The second was even worse. I undid my pants without any problems and as they fell down Rachel gave me a smile and a handclap. With a slight degree of coordination I managed to kick my pants into the corner. So there I was in my boxers, worried. I wasn't hard and was afraid she expected to see an erection.
"Take it off...take it off. I want to see it. Come on big guy. Give me a show." Well she was in charge and it was time. So I pulled down my boxers and danced away from them as they lay on the floor. "Good job. Keep it up. Don't stop now. Do your hips I want to see your pecker move. Make it move for me."
I tried and when for some unknown reason my penis started to rotate like a propeller she went wild. Bouncing on the bed and clapping, "I knew you had it in you. I'm going to hire you out for bridal showers. The ladies will love it. Go baby go."
Rachel moved to my bed telling me to keep facing the other way because she wanted to see if my buns were as interesting as the front. "No the front is much better, turn around I want to watch it bounce some more."
Just as she sat on my bed the door opened. My roommate was standing there. His eyes were like saucers and he mumbled, "What the hell dude?" I was covering up and stammering and asking what he was doing here, he was supposed to be gone home to visit his parents. "Oh, well I meet this girl. So I was going to leave in the morning. I guess I'll leave now I can drive the three hours in the dark maybe I could stop and get a sandwich or something." The door closed and he was gone.
Rachel was in stitches, "You should have seen the look on your faces. It was priceless. I don't know who was more surprised or embarrassed. I loved it. Should I call Aron back? I could explain it to him." I opened my mouth and closed it again when she touched her lips with a finger again. "I think not, maybe next time. I have other plans for you."
She looked at her watch for a moment and told me to just stand there and look handsome. Damn it was hard. No not me I wasn't hard. It was standing there letting her look that was hard. She would look up at my face and then let her eyes drift down to look at other parts then slowly drift up again. The satisfied smile on her face was kind of unnerving. I knew she had something on her mind.
Then there was a tapping on the door. "You better see who it is. Don't you think?" I gestured toward my nudity. "Just peek around the door. They won't see all of you." I never thought she could be so cruel. "Oh, by the way if it's my sister, let her in." Her sister, she invited her sister?
I turned back toward Rachel and opened my mouth. Her finger touched her lips again. "We agreed no outside nakedness, nothing about having an extra spectator in the room. Remember? So if it's Ruthie let her in. If it's your roomie tell him to go away and stay away. He can go to his new girl's room for the night. If it's another girl you can let her in if you want. The more the merrier."
I was screwed. My Rachel had me. We made a pinky swear. I was too proud to break it. I did consider it. Ok, check to see you it is. Maybe it's a stranger that is lost and needs directions to a fast food place. I opened the door just a crack and peeked around the edge. There is Ruthie, smiling sweetly, "Hi Frank. How are you? Is Rachel here? She said if I was free tonight I should swing by around 7:30 or so."
"Hay Ruthie, come on in your just in time. Frankie has been entertaining me. Have a seat, enjoy the show."
I stood behind the door and opened it to let her in. She walked right past me and never looked my way. Rachel jumped up and gave her a hug. "Good to see yah...how yah been? Got any news I might like?"
The Ruth turned and looked at me. I was covering my private parts with both hands. I don't know why I knew it was only a matter of a short time before I was going to be ordered to expose myself. Her eyes got bigger than Aron's had. "You're naked. Why are you naked? What is going on here? Rachel what the hell is he doing naked?"
So Rachel told her about the bet and the conditions. She told her how I had stripped and danced. She made the story about Aron showing up a real big deal. "Want to see him dance? His pecker flops around so neatly. Put your hands behind your back. Stop hiding it."
How much could she expect me to take? I wasn't her toy. Well yes maybe I was until tomorrow morning. I could refuse. But she won the bet, unfairly but she did win and I knew if I had won she would not quit until the debit was paid. I put my hands behind my back. Let her look.
I saw the gleam in Ruthie's eyes. "Do it Frankie show me your moves."
"Oh...I forgot. One of the conditions is that only I can give the orders."
"Is that true Frankie? Rachel gives you orders?"
"One more rule. Frankie can't talk. He has to keep mum. Only I can talk. Well now that you are here you can talk also. But it has to be to me giving the orders. I would listen to suggestions or requests if you have any."
Ruthie grinned and whispered in her sister's ear. "Forget dancing. My sister wants to know how much bigger your pecker gets when it is hard. So why don't you get it hard for us. No, I want you to dance and get it hard, at the same time. You can do that can't you? "
The music poured out of the phone. I danced and stroked myself. But the dancing was terrible and I wasn't getting hard. Ruthie being the kind and generous person she offered, "Maybe if I showed him my tits it would help. Let's both show him."
"Nope...no way...he's gotta do it on his own. Come on Frankie, we want to see you hard."
I started to grow firmer. Not completely hard but I was getting there when Ruthie dropped off the bed and knelt right in front of me. So close I could feel her breath and that's all it took. My erection was at a full stand. She looked up at me grinned and sat back on the bed. As she gave her sister another hug she was whispering in her ear again.
From the evil grin I knew it was going to be bad. "How long since you had your last come Frankie? Oh that's right you can't talk can you? Ok just nod your head yes when I say how long it's been. Twelve hours?"
I didn't nod.
"Twenty-four hours?" No nod.
"Thirty-six hours?" No nod
"Oh my god, it's been forty-eight hours? You must be busting" No nod.
I held up eight fingers. "I don't believe it. You have gone ninety-six hours without an orgasm? That's unbelievable. Wow...I'm impressed." Rachel told me, "No wonder you wanted something last night."
Ruthie couldn't hold back. "Make him jerk off sis. I want to see how much he's stored up after that long."
I guess Rachel was wondering the same thing. "Frankie...I want you to jerk your pecker for us. I've never seen a man masturbate before. You'll be furthering my education. Your contribution to my knowledge bank so to speak."
I didn't believe my girlfriend wanted me to masturbate in front of her sister. This was the final straw. Well maybe not the final straw. I was worked up. I was beginning to enjoy this little adventure. So I started stroking.
Ruthie had her eyes glued to my hand. "Look at it Rachel. Watch how the skin slides over the head and then pulls back. I love it. Make him go faster. I want to see it shoot."
In spite of my worked up condition it wasn't happening. It never too this long before and of course I had never had an audience before. I could see that they expected some results. "What's wrong?" Rachel asked.
Looking at me, Ruthie asked, "Can I touch him? I bet if I give him a touch it'll happen. What do you say, can I do it?"
Rachel nodded her head yes. She didn't just touch me. She pulled my hand away and wrapped her fingers around the shaft. She started to masturbate me. It only took a few moments and I was shooting a pent up load. It had been too long. The first shot hit Ruthie just below her chin. As she pulled back the rest of the shots hit her on her blouse. There must have been four or five real strong shots. Then the rest flowed out and across her fingers.
When I finial stopped she dropped my dong and looked down at her chest. "Damn Frankie...when you come you really do come don't you? I am impressed. How long before we can do this again?" She raised the covered hand, looked at it, smelled it and then licked one finger.
"No bad...I thought after waiting so long it might be spoilt but it's not. Good job." She turned to Rachel, "I gotta clean up. Where's the john?"
As she headed out the door she looked back, "After I clean up I have to leave. I gotta take care of something. That ok with you? Or do you need more help with your project? I can stay if you want. But I have real need developing. I could take care of it down the hall but at my apartment would be better. I don't think you want me to fix my problem with your boyfriend in the room. Or do you?"
Rachel thought it best if Ruth went home with her problem, so she left after hugging sister one more time. I got a kiss on the cheek and a gentle tug on my soft member. "I loved this. Next time be sure and call me. Nightie...night to you all."
The door closed and we were alone, just the two of us. "Can you get it up again? I might be tempted to give it a few strokes. Just like Ruthie did. Would you like that?"
I confessed that I might be done for a few hours. So I offered my services in another way that I knew would please her. She accepted and I spent a long time bringing to dreamland three times. After the last time she pulled her panties back on and suggested maybe we should rest a bit.
That night we slept together for the first time. Me naked and her fully clothed, it was strange.
In the morning I expected to be forced to perform again. But it was almost six and she was hungry. So after she gave me a good morning kiss right on the tip of my penis I got dressed, she put herself in order and we went out for pancakes.
I am planning my orders when I win the next bet. And it will not involve my brother. And if you are wondering what besides the phone was in the bag it was just her toothbrush and paste and such stuff. You were thinking sex toys maybe?
The end.
Another trip down fantasy lane and I hope some enjoyed it.