Chapter Thirteen: Free at Last
The light poured into my blue eyes as they blinked open. A dingy yellow floral curtain blew lightly from the wind of an open window. The soreness of my face and on the tender skin of my ass served as painful reminders of the night before. The peeling yellow floral wallpaper of the room matched the curtains and I found myself sitting up in a bed, taking in my new surroundings. Soft yellow sheets and blankets covered my naked form for the first time since Master acquired me.
The dark wood frame of the bed squeaked loudly as I slid off the mattress, my bare feet hitting the smooth planks of the floor. I slowly approached the dusty antique dresser that sat across from the bed and I could see the reflection of myself in the mirror that was fastened to the wall behind it. I stared at the raven haired girl with a swollen left eye that was black and blue from the smack that I had received to the face. I barely recognized myself anymore. I wasn't even sure who or what I was. It was then that I noticed something missing.
My hands flew up to my graceful neck to see if it was true; the shock collar that had ruled my life for so long was in fact missing. I had almost forgotten what my bare neck looked like, much less felt like as I ran my fingers over my delicate skin, feeling the lines and marks embedded in my flesh from so many months of being collared.
The worn wooden door to the room groaned open and I spied my Master standing silently in the doorway. My knees quickly dropped to the tattered rug beneath my feet and I pressed my head to the floor in the greet pose. I arched my back and raised my ass, my anus pulsing and sucking on the plug that filled my rectum.
He took a deep breath and moved to the edge of the bed. Master patted an open space on the quilt next to where he sat and said "come sit next to me." I rose and moved to the bed, the chains that connected my labia rings to my thigh bands tugged at the delicate crimson folds of my sex with each careful step. I took my place on the bed and enjoyed the gentle touch of the soft comforter beneath my tender bruised rear. I felt confusion and the pit of dread that had resided in my tummy since the previous night continued to grow to a point in which I felt nauseous. He gently rubbed my slender arm with his thick fingers, sliding them up to my smooth shoulders and softly touching my neck.
"I've been up all night thinking and trying to figure things out. I'm sorry I hit you. It shouldn't have happened, I just lost my temper and I took it out on you, I was wrong and I hope you can forgive me," he said with a sorrowful look in his eyes. "I swear it'll never happen again. I care for you more than you can ever know."
I nodded, feeling the regret in his voice as he continued. "I want for you to trust me completely. I desire for you to know that I love you more than anything. I wish for you to stay with me but I need to know that you're with me because you want to be. If you say the word I'll rip up the slave contract that you signed and give you your freedom. We'll change your name back to what it was before and remove your slave registration. I would do all of that for you because I want you to be happy. If that means you won't be at my feet, it would sadden and disappoint me beyond measure, but I only want what's best for you."
Tears welled up in my eyes. I thought for sure I would be in trouble and it pained me to know that my Master was feeling this way. I didn't want to leave my Master, quite the contrary; I would never leave him. He was the entire reason for my existence. He was my universe. How could I possibly survive in the world without being at his feet and on his leash? I was his animal, his possession and I couldn't understand why that would ever change. I jiggled my tits and the bells that dangled from my erect pink nipples rang out in a clear indication of my desire to speak.
"You may speak freely," he said to me as he tenderly combed my long dark hair through his fat digits.
"The Cunt feels terrible that it disappointed its Master. It can't express how much it hurt the Cunt to know that its Master was unhappy with it. The Cunt only exists for its Master and his pleasure. If the Cunt can't do that then what purpose does the Cunt serve? The Cunt loves its Master and is devoted to him and trusts him completely with its body and its life. It knows its Master will only make the best decisions for it." The words left my full red lips and it felt as if the weight of despair that I had been feeling had lifted. I told my Master what I was thinking and given what he said, I felt confident that once again he would allow me to serve him.
A smile formed on his lips and for a moment I thought for certain his eyes became watery as well. "Your devotion to me is very pleasing, I am very proud to own you. You are a wonderful animal and I'm overwhelmed to know that you want to remain as my property." His voice was getting shaky as he tried to maintain his composure but his words flowed like honey and sent tingles of pleasure through my spine. "Some things will change but rest assured that certain other things will stay in place. You no doubt have noticed that I've removed your collar. I trust you and I know that you no longer need the threat of punishment in order to be obedient."
I smiled and nodded. In fact I hadn't received a punishment shock from the collar in months. Obedience had guided my actions and would continue to do so. He leaned over and opened a drawer in the nightstand next to the bed, pulling out a shiny chrome collar with four thick rings, one in each quadrant of the heavy metal circle.
"I want this to be your new slave collar. It has no shocks or devices on it, but you will feel the weight of it whenever you are awake, reminding you of what you are and where your proper place is. It will give me a place to leash and occasionally restrain you. It will become a part of you just as your shock collar did. Will you accept this gift on your neck and show the world that you are my willing property?"
My lips quivered into a crooked smile. I boldly leaned forward and gently pressed my lips to those of my Master. "The Cunt would be honored to have this beautiful collar locked on its neck Master." If I didn't know better it was almost as if I had been proposed to, and in its own way the collar was a wedding ring. It served as a symbol of my commitment to my Master and his to me.
He breathed a sigh of relief as he directed me to hold up my silky raven hair and he gave the smooth skin of my slender neck a warm breathed kiss as he wrapped the cold metal collar around it. My reprieve of having my neck free was short lived indeed, yet once again feeling the pressure on my skin and the heavy weight on my body seemed natural. He clicked the collar in place and secured the closure latch with a small padlock. "There. Now you're mine forever. You'll always be my devoted faithful pet until the end of time."
A strong wave of tingles flowed through my body at my Master's words. He found me pleasing once more and my love and devotion had earned such feelings in him in return. I reveled in his praise as my heart beat with joy once more.
"I won't make you stay down in the basement anymore, but you will maintain obedience to your rules as you have, assume your positions when commanded to and to repeat your mantras. If there's anything you need, you may jiggle your udders and I will give you permission to ask. Do you understand?"
"Yes Master, the Cunt understands and is grateful to Master for owning it."
The next few days went by quickly. I was required to carry on with my edging sessions four times a day and Master allowed me to watch bondage porn on the television in the living room as I masturbated. I persisted in eating from my dog bowl in the eat position, but now my food and water bowls were kept in the kitchen and I enjoyed the way the front ring of my shiny new collar would clink against the glossy bowl as my tongue flowed across the smooth metal. Master continued to keep my tight little puckered anus plugged most of the time, giving me an enema every morning to properly clean me out.
I still wasn't allowed to use a toilet to pee, but Master did put a bucket in the bathroom for me to use and he even allowed me to use the shower to bathe each evening. The biggest change came at night. I slept in the bed with my Master, under the sheets and everything. Not next to him of course, that would be silly. My place was at the foot of the bed with my head between his legs and his sex organ in my mouth.
His cock had to stay in my mouth from the time he fell asleep until he woke up. Usually it was soft and I would suck on it like a pacifier. I was like a baby and I found it to be so soothing that I found myself falling asleep faster and more easily with it in my mouth. Usually at some point in the middle of the night he would get hard in his sleep and the erect cock filling my mouth would wake me up. Normally I would just continue to suck on it like it was a sweet cherry lollipop, but sometimes I'd start moving my soft saliva covered tongue along it while carefully bobbing my head, being sure not to move too much as that would make the thick rings clink loudly against the gleaming metal of my slave collar. Sometimes I would even be rewarded with the gift of his semen as he would cum in his sleep, and I would secretly enjoy his gooey prize in my mouth until I sucked it down to my tummy, my Master none the wiser.
He continued to keep my delicate pink labium spread via my thigh bands and he generously graced my pussy and ass with his cock on a daily basis. Sometimes when he would do his coding work on the computer in his office, I would be positioned under his desk with his cock in my mouth. I'm fairly certain that at this point I must have spent at least half my day joyfully sucking on Master's cock, and I was in heaven as a result. I was well used, fulfilled and happy and so was my Master. It was a natural fit and I was grateful for every moment of it.
Chapter Fourteen: Fun at the Farm
A week had passed since the aftermath of the party that changed my life. I sat in my Master's rusted Toyota, watching a blur of trees pass by as we travelled up the highway. I wasn't blindfolded this time and I reveled in the sights and sounds of the outside world. I was naked of course except for the platform stripper heels which graced my small feet. I had come to realize that being exposed and on display was my natural state. Wearing clothes didn't make any sense after all. I was born naked, why shouldn't I live naked? I loved that I could show my little body off and that doing so made my Master proud to own me.
I kept my legs spread as wide as possible. I had nothing to hide and there was no room for modesty in the Cunt's life after all. My wet little cock sleeve was one of the most natural things that existed. There was no shame in revealing it to the world. Wasn't it society that had kept me a prisoner? That had made me think that I shouldn't express my sexuality or enjoy the sensations in my fuck hole? I had never been as free as I was now as my Master's owned cunt.
Master's hand rested comfortably on the leather band that circled my left leg, his thick fingers gently stroking the soft skin of my inner thigh, teasing dangerously close to my moist sex which was spread wide by the piercings in my labium and the chains that connected to them.
My Master insisted that I perform two edging sessions before we left the house in order to ensure that I would be extra wet and all the more pliant and obedient. We were nearing the end of our expedition to Bryan and Anna's farm and Master was excited about showing me off in a far safer environment than what we experienced on our previous excursion. My brain was most certainly coated in the pink fog of arousal as evidenced by the puddle of moisture that my exposed cunny was creating on the seat beneath me. As excited as I was about being out, it was hard not to think about things that weren't directly related to sex; I would have gladly humped anything for relief if only given the permission to do so.
We pulled up to the quaint white farmhouse that sat at the end of a particularly long driveway two hours after our journey had commenced and within seconds of me pushing open the creaking car door I spied Anna bursting through the door of the house to come greet us. Her blonde hair bounced around her shoulders with each stride and her hands were swinging in the air wildly as she waved with delight. She looked like a vision dressed in the same shiny black latex corset that adorned her body for the party along with a pair of gleaming patent leather thigh high boots and form fitting glossy black latex panties.
My high heels pressed into the gravel driveway which crunched loudly with each careful step I took. I had barely cleared the back of the car before she was on top of me, flinging her arms around my naked body and pulling me close to her. My bare udders squished against the stiff corset that adorned her small body as she pressed her soft lips gently to mine. "I am so thrilled that you were able to come today, we're going to have so much fun, aren't we?" She exclaimed as she ran her slender fingers through my long dark hair.
"Yes Ma'am," I answered as she took my hand in hers and we walked together toward a barn on the far side of an open green field.
"We're not going to have any of that Ma'am stuff today, you'll call me Mistress Anna, understand?"
"Yes Mistress Anna," I nodded, my bright blue eyes affixed on her form as she walked. Maybe it was the pink fog or maybe I was just a sexual creature now, but being so close to this beautiful dominatrix made my insides tingle. The warmth of her hand against mine and the way she gave my bare rear a hard squeeze as we walked left me with a strong desire to be obedient for her and to show what a good slave I could be.
"It's great to see you again Adam. Bryan is already waiting for us in the barn," she said as we walked along the path with my Master trudging along behind. Despite the fact that it wasn't a particularly hot day, he was already breathing hard and sweat began to drip from his reddened skin not even halfway to the structure.
"It's Arnie," he corrected through loud wheezing breaths.
"Look at that gorgeous body of yours," she said to me with glee as her hand slid up to my hip, pulling me into her as we walked. "You are going to become such a beautiful ponygirl for me."
We reached the barn and Anna opened a small door. "There's a really comfy bench outside next to the barn that you can go to relax on Arnie," she said pointing in the direction of the suggested seating area. "This tack room here is pretty small and besides, I'm sure you don't mind if your cunt and I have a little girl time, do you?"
Master kicked the gravel path with his foot and let out a sigh of displeasure. "Actually I..."
Anna quickly shoved me through the doorway and shut the tack room door, cutting my Master off and muffling whatever he was trying to say. Inside the small space was a variety of impressive equipment; leather straps, whips, sex toys and other instruments hung neatly from the walls in a carefully organized display of debauchery. It was like being in some kind of a cowboy themed adult sex shop.
"Let's get you into your tack," she said with a white toothed grin. Anna fidgeted with my shiny metal slave collar until she discovered the lock that held it in place. "Well, I guess that's staying put. No matter, we'll work around it. On the other hand, this will most certainly have to go," she said as she pushed the small of my back to force me to bend over and clenched the jeweled cap of my anal plug, gently twisting and pulling until it came out of my rectum with a pop, leaving my anus gaping and on display.
"The first thing any good pony needs is a tail," she said as she picked up a large anal plug with long black hairs flowing from the end cap. "I hope you don't mind this little indulgence. My tail is blonde obviously to match my hair so I thought I'd treat you to a little gift and get one that matched you." She commented as my gaze landed on the exact same looking anal plug hung on the wall but with long yellow hairs attached.
"I know you are well versed in how to take a plug, so be a good mare for me. Bend over and relax your anus, just let the tail plug go inside you," she said as her hand gently massaged my back, tracing my vertebrae and tickling my spine. Anna squirted out a huge glob of lube on to the tip of the intruder and pressed it to my puckered little anus. As it was still gaping from the removal of my regular plug, I didn't experience too much discomfort as it filled my rectum. Before I knew it, the plug was inside of my body and I could feel the silky end of my new tail tenderly tickling the backs of my knees as it swayed. My anus clenched the invader and sucked on it constantly reminding me of its presence.
Mistress Anna grabbed a tangle of black belts and directed me to step into the holes. The entire thing appeared to be nothing but holes, but Anna seemed to know what she was doing so my dainty high heel clad feet stepped where instructed. She pulled the contraption up my toned legs to my slender torso and adjusted the straps of the leather body harness in place. The straps cut under my udders, around my back and over my shoulders with the final strap running between my legs. She pulled that one particularly tight so that it dug deep into my spread pussy lips, pressing hard against my clit ring and sending a wave of sensation through my willowy body. Once all the belts were adjusted to her satisfaction, she gently slapped the bottoms of my tits causing my nipple bells to ring out, joyfully announcing my status as an owned animal.
The blonde dominatrix grabbed another web of dark leather straps with gleaming metal buckles and rings and pulled it over my head, adjusting fasteners, pulling and tightening as she got it place. "Open wide my pretty ponygirl," she said, holding a long black bit. I obeyed her command and felt the bit press against the corners of my mouth as she strapped it in place, my teeth clenched hard on the smooth rubber surface and a thin line of clear saliva began to dribble from my forced open mouth in long streams that dripped down to my pierced udders.
"Almost done my lovely mare," she stated as she adjusted the headpiece of the bridle that rested comfortably across my forehead. She screwed a large red feather plume into a holder at the top of my bridle and adjusted the black leather blinders that protruded from the device next to each of my eyes, removing the peripheral vision I had previously enjoyed.
Finally my Mistress for the day bent down to my small feet to unbuckle and remove my slutty looking stripper heels. "As much as I love your footwear my dear mare, I have something much better in mind and I'm fairly certain that you and I are the same shoe size."
From a small wooden cabinet she pulled out a pair of strange looking shiny black boots with a metal horse shoe at the ball of the foot and no heel. I held on to the table behind me as she instructed me to step in the first boot. I raised my leg and she slowly pulled the footwear up to my knee, tugging as needed to ensure a proper fit. The procedure was repeated with my right leg and as Anna straightened up she gave me the command to walk around a bit to see how they felt. She took hold of my left arm to help me balance as I strode back and forth in the small room until I got used to the feel of the boots and could walk on my own. In truth, it wasn't that difficult to balance and not significantly unlike walking on tiptoes but with a higher hoof shaped platform. I was really starting to get the hang of it when she guided me back to the counter for one final piece of equipment.
"I don't know about you my pretty little ponygirl, but I've never seen a pony with arms, have you?"
I shook my head no, the drool that clung to my bit swung from side to side and my nipple bells jingled loudly from the movement.
"Now the first thing we need to remember about ponies is they don't talk now do they? You'll stomp your right hoof boot once to answer yes and twice to answer no. Do you understand?"
I caught myself in a half nod before I remembered to stomp my foot; picking up my slender right leg with the surprisingly heavy hoof boot attached and forcefully smacking it to the ground with a loud clop. She picked up another mass of shiny black leather and directed me to turn around and put my arms behind me.
"As I was saying, I've never seen a pony with arms. You won't need yours today," she said with a comforting smile. She pulled the thick dark sheath over my arms, securing my soon to be useless limbs with a series of belts and buckles and pulling them back so tightly I thought for a moment she might rip my arms from their sockets. Finally she tightened up all the straps and zipped the contraption closed, encasing my arms tightly in the arm binder. I felt a constant throbbing of ache and discomfort in my arms and shoulders for several minutes as they adjusted to their new ordeal.
"Are you doing okay?" She asked with concern. I raised my right leg for a single clop in the affirmative. "Do you want me to take you out of the restraints?" Despite the discomfort that my petite body was feeling, I also enjoyed the experience. I certainly wasn't ready for it to end. I was finding pleasure in the helplessness, the smell of the leather in my nose and the feel of the straps against my soft skin. I quickly raised and lowered my hoof boot twice creating loud thumping sounds on the dusty wooden floor of the tack room.
The Mistress clipped long leather reins to the shiny metal rings on the sides of my bridle and gave a gentle tug to get me moving forward. "Time to go little pony," she said as she opened the door and led me back out into the sun. I was brought to the side of the barn where a large mirror rested against the worn wooden wall of the structure. "Look at yourself my ponygirl. See how gorgeous you are?" She said as she stood behind me and gently flicked her tongue against the side of my neck sending tingles of pleasure to the core of my flat tummy.
I stared at my reflection in the mirror, barely recognizing the animal that I had become. My crystal blue eyes traced the lines of the leather straps that encased the contours of my lean body. I took note of the way the heavy arm binder pulled my shoulders back forcing me to constantly thrust my udders out in a display of pride to show off the firm fleshy mounds that accentuated my chest. I could see how the pubic strap of my harness dissected my juicy slit sending the sensitive pink flesh of my labium spreading out around the black leather that was already well coated in the natural moisture of my fuck tunnel.
Across the leather on my forehead I spotted the word "Peppermint" stitched in white lettering. I turned to Mistress Anna with a quizzical look on my face, one that she seemed to understand immediately.
"Peppermint is my ponygirl name," she explained. "Every pony should have a special pony name. For example, Bryan's pony name is Stormy. Would you like for me to give you a pony name too?" I stamped my hoof boot once in the dirt. "What should your pony name be? You are such a stunning mare aren't you? You're so exotic looking with such beautiful eyes and that long silky mane of yours. I know! Your pony name can be 'Beauty'. Do you like that?"
I raised my leg and firmly plunked it on the ground once. "Then it's all settled, you're Beauty, my gorgeous little ponygirl," she said with an air of pride. "Maybe one day you'll get a custom bridle of your own with your name on it. One last lesson," She said as she grabbed hold of my reins once more. "When a pony walks, with every step he or she raises each leg up to a ninety degree angle and then lowers it directly to the ground. Go ahead and give it a try."
She led me around beside the barn and I worked hard to maintain my balance on the hoof boots while lifting my legs, walking in circles for what seemed like an eternity. "Very Good!" She exclaimed with joy upon seeing that I was finally beginning to walk like a proper ponygirl. "You are such a good mare, I'm so proud of you!" Waves of pleasure cascaded through my body as I basked in Mistress Anna's praise.
The slender dominant led me back to the front of the barn and tied my reins off to a hitching post. "Are you ready to meet Stormy?" She asked as she gently stroked my soft cheek with the back of her small hand. I stomped my hoof boot to the floor once and she walked around to the other side to get the ponyboy. I stood silent for a while, enjoying the warmth of the sun on my satin skin, the breeze gently blowing in my hair and the smell of the grass and the trees that filled my nose. Despite the plethora of restraints that held my nimble body in place, I hadn't felt this free and happy since I could remember.
It wasn't long before I heard a clopping of hoof boots, similar to my own. I turned my head and saw Mistress Anna moving toward me with her husband Bryan, now Stormy, in tow by the reins attached to his bridle. He was outfitted in a manner similar to me, a harness befitting the male form, a tight arm binder, bit and bridle with the name "Stormy" stitched along the top and of course a tail no doubt connected to an anal intruder not unlike the one that stretched and filled my own rectum. His large cock was semi-flaccid and swung freely between his legs, bobbing about with each high step. He was indeed a beautiful stallion and as a mare, I couldn't help but find the arousal between my legs grow as a result of the magnificent sight of him.
As Stormy caught sight of me tied off and tacked as I was, I could see how excited I made him as his large member began to twitch and slowly stiffen.
Behind them trudged my Master who upon seeing where I was hitched, quickened his pace to inspect me. "She's such a beautiful mare, isn't she Arnie?" Anna asked as she tied Stormy's reins to the same hitching post that I was secured to.
Master nodded as his fat fingers slid over the collection of straps and buckles, feeling how they pressed against my soft skin and admiring the erotic display that my body had become.
"So let's go tour the property shall we?" She exclaimed as she gave Stormy's exposed ass a slap and untied his reins, leading him to a cart by the side of the barn and securing his harness in place. She returned to lead me by my reins to the cart as well with my Master following behind. I was certain that I was giving him a good show of the movement of my rear as I lifted each leg high with every step. Upon reaching the cart, Mistress strapped me in next to Stormy. He looked over and smiled at me. I looked up at him and his demeanor helped calm my nerves about this new experience that I was embarking on. Mistress Anna climbed up onto the cart and raised her whip into the air.
"Hey, wait for me!" Master shouted as he grabbed a hold of the side of the cart, attempting with futility to pull his large frame on to the vehicle.
"Oh Arnie honey, you're so sweet, but I'm afraid our ponies simply won't be able to pull your weight. We don't want to strain your pretty little slave girl now do we? You'll just have to stay here. There's a refrigerator in the barn with some refreshments, help yourself. Don't worry, we won't be gone long."
Master's mouth was agape as he readied himself to protest, but Mistress Anna flicked the whip into the air with a single loud crack and yelled "Go Ponies! On Stormy! On Beauty!"
I dug my hoof boots into the ground and pulled hard but the cart began moving with surprising ease. No doubt Stormy's strength and experience were doing most of the heavy work. As the cart rumbled down the track, Master's hand slipped off the sideboard and he was left standing frustrated in the middle of the dirt road surrounded by a brown cloud of dust.
Chapter Fifteen: Letting Nature Take its Course
The property was huge and as much as I enjoyed nature and my outdoor surroundings, I hadn't done much cardio exercise in months and it wasn't long before I found my heart beating wildly and a thin sheen of glistening sweat had formed on my smooth skin. I took deep breaths through my nose, inhaling the scent of the nearby honeysuckle as I raised my slender legs high and lowered them to the ground, my hoof boots clopping on the dirt track in near unison with the steps of the ponyboy next to me. I wished that I could look at him but the blinders kept my eyes focused directly ahead and the tight reins on my bridle ensured that Mistress Anna controlled me completely. I thought of how Stormy and I were bound so similarly and I wondered what his large member might feel like inside me. My pussy tingled with arousal as my mind drifted off into a sexual escapade of arousal.
"Whoa Stormy! Whoa Beauty!" Anna shouted as she flicked her whip in the air twice and pulled hard on my reins. We slowly came to a halt next to a field surrounded by a wooden fence. Anna climbed off the cart with a water bottle and faced me, pressing the nozzle over my bit and squirting some of the refreshing liquid into my mouth. I greedily swallowed and stomped my hoof boot, hoping the Mistress would understand my request for more. Another long squirt into my mouth and she moved on to Stormy, providing his muscled body with some well deserved refreshment as well.
"Do you want to be unhitched and play in the field for a little while, Stormy?" Anna asked her ponyboy husband. I heard a single clomp of his hoof boot before Anna approached me and gently stroked my soft cheek with her delicate hand. "How about you Beauty, would you like to play with Stormy in the field?" I smacked my hoof boot to the ground once. "Then it's settled, go have fun my ponies," she said as she unclipped my harness from the cart and moved to Stormy to release him.
Stormy stomped his hoof boot once on the ground, ran past the fence into the field and waited for me to follow. I ran toward him, my legs rising high, the bells on my erect pink nipples ringing loudly as my tits bounced and jiggled with each clomping step. As I neared him he ran further into the field and I followed until we were surrounded by wildflowers. Fat yellow and black bumble bees hovered as they diligently gathered sweet nectar and Stormy and I took turns chasing each other through the tall grass. The way his muscles rippled as he ran and the smoothness of his gleaming skin made me feel flush and hot. My eyes focused on how stiff the impressive cock between his legs was as it bobbed and moved about with each step and I knew that my bound little body was exciting him greatly. We were one with nature; two beasts running through the fields in an erotic playful dance of lust. I lost all track of time as my entire world became enveloped in the beauty of the land that I had become a part of.
Stormy would run up behind me in an attempt to push his cock into my dripping sex; however the strap that was pulled tightly between my legs prevented any insertion. I would run away in a teasing manner, my hoof boots clopping softly on the carpet of green flora as I gracefully galloped, swaying my hips and swishing my tail taunting the stallion with my little body which oozed sexuality. He would catch up and again push his erect cock between my slender legs, making his desire clear; a desire that we both shared.
Mistress Anna was leaning against the worn wooden fence enjoying the sight of her animals frolicking. She flicked her whip in the air with a loud crack and called out "Come Stormy, come Beauty!" We trotted together to the fence where Anna provided us with more water and gently stroked both of our sweat coated bodies. Stormy continued to push his stiff member between my toned legs even as we stood in front of our Mistress.
"Stormy looks like he wants to mount you my pretty little mare," she said as her fingers danced over my highly sensitive nipples, her touch activating the nerve endings in my pink buds sending tingles through my responsive body in waves. "Does my pretty ponygirl want to be mounted?" I stomped my hoof boot on the ground one time, the throbbing ache between my legs making it clear that my moist pink flesh was desperate for attention.
As she unbuckled the strap between my legs I felt the coolness of the air against my receptive slit. Mistress Anna pushed on the small of my back and held my shoulders, bending me over to give Stormy unhindered access to the wet fuck hole that was the center of my world. She grasped his sizable cock in her small hands and helped guide it into position. I felt the head push against my pink flesh, slowly entering me, stretching my vaginal walls as it crept deeper inside my body before sliding back and drilling further in. Anna held my little body steady as Stormy pumped in and out, pushing harder and faster, deeper and longer until I could feel his cock pushing against the entrance to my cervix.
The attractive blonde dominatrix held my shoulders with one hand as her other ventured between my legs, gently teasing my clit. "Does my mare like Stormy's cock inside her?" She asked as her fingers played with my pink flesh, forcing my clit to swell past its pierced hood. I stamped my hoof boot on the ground once and my Mistress displayed a bright smile. "That's it Beauty, take Stormy's cock inside you."
Stormy's manhood was stretching and filling me as I used my vaginal muscles to milk him with every ounce of strength I possessed. My head was blanketed in a foggy mist of arousal. All I could focus on was the pleasure that my little body was receiving at the hands of the monster between Stormy's legs.
"That's a good Beauty, take his cock. Take it deep inside you my little mare," Anna said as her slender fingers danced on my pubic mound. "Stormy's going to put a foal in you, my needy little ponygirl. We're going to breed you like the animal you are." I could barely focus on her words as Stormy continued to pound away at me from behind sending the little silver bells that dangled from my nipple rings into a melodic jingle with each thrust. Mistress Anna's hand moved up to my belly where she rubbed in small circles. "Soon you'll be carrying Stormy's foal. What a perfect little breeding mare you are. I knew from the moment I saw you that you and Stormy should mate."
Stormy began to grunt and I could feel his cock twitching and pulsing inside of me. "My stallion is about to cum inside you Beauty. Do you want to cum too?"
I stamped my hoof boot hard against the ground beneath me. "You have permission to cum my beautiful ponygirl." Upon hearing her words I relaxed my little body and let everything flow from me. All the emotions burst from within my lithe frame and I was gripped by a powerful orgasm that washed over me until my legs quivered and my body shook. I felt light headed but Mistress Anna continued to support my body. I breathed heavily through my gag, my saliva dripping and spraying as large beads of sweat dripped down my face and body. I was so covered in moisture it was as if I had just stepped out of a shower and my satin skin glistened in the sun. Stormy let out a loud series of grunts as his hips pounded against me hard. His cock pulsed inside of me as he sprayed his gooey semen deep into my womb.
"That's a good Beauty, let Stormy's seed create a foal inside you."
Stormy stayed inside of me for several minutes until his organ had softened enough to slip out of my slick hole, dragging with it a steady stream of sticky white cum. We breathed heavily in unison as we recovered together and Mistress Anna slowly stroked Stormy's chest with one hand while tenderly squeezed my right udder with the other. I felt perfectly fulfilled and completely satisfied. I had served my purpose as a breeding mare in the most natural way possible and I knew it was right.
Our Mistress hitched us back to the cart, gave us some more water and climbed aboard before cracking her whip in the air. "Go Stormy! Go Beauty! Back to the barn!" My hoof boots dug once more into the dirt track and my harness tightened as the weight of the cart pulled on it. We trotted with me taking care to step high with each stride back to where I saw my Master sitting on the bench awaiting our return. "Whoa Stormy! Whoa Beauty!" Mistress Anna called as she cracked the whip in the air twice and pulled hard on my reins, forcing the bit to push against the corners of my mouth with even more force.
She climbed off the cart and began to unhitch me as my Master strode toward us. He was red faced and breathing heavily, his fists clenched with rage. "You know I don't appreciate you leaving me behind like that!" He exclaimed as he neared us.
Anna unclipped my harness from the cart and grabbed my reins, tugging me forward. "I'm so sorry Aiden, I thought I explained to you about the weight issue, really I didn't mean to offend you," she replied calmly.
"It's Arnie!" He yelled back angrily as he noticed the streams of cock milk that had escaped from my fuck tunnel during the run back to the barn and now coated my toned legs. "You let your husband fuck my cunt? You fucked it without my permission! You don't fuck a slave without its owner's permission! What the fuck is wrong with you people?"
The dominatrix nodded and calmly answered "I understand completely. You seem upset and that was certainly not my intention, so let me get the tack off of your girl and then you're welcome to leave. Does that suit?"
My Master kicked the dirt in an angry huff. The damage had been done and there was nothing he could do to change that. "Yeah, get her out of that stuff and then we're leaving. This was a mistake!"
The beautiful blonde Mistress pulled gently on my reins leading me back to the tack room. She unlocked and removed my arm binder sending my numb arms flopping to my sides. Anna tenderly rubbed them to get the circulation flowing again before unbuckling my bridle, removing my bit gag and then unfastening the harness that had held my body captive. I truly felt bare in the absence of the devices but I was proud to be like this in my natural state. The petite dominant bent down to help me out of the hoof boots and strapped my stripper heels back on to my small feet. Finally she grasped my tail plug with one hand while holding my tummy with the other. She twisted the plug back and forth, pulling steadily until it came out of me, leaving my anus gaping open, ready for my regular jeweled princess plug to be forced deep inside my rectum.
She stroked my face lovingly and leaned forward gently pressing her warm mouth to mine. I felt her tongue slide along my lips, coating them in her sticky sweet saliva before pushing into my mouth where it flickered against my own tongue. I reveled in our passionate kiss until she pulled back, a single strand of clear saliva connecting our mouths. "You are an incredible delight Beauty and you are an amazing ponygirl. Between us girls, if you ever decide to leave that so-called Master of yours, you would always be welcome in our stable. I would be overwhelmed to own a mare like you and I know Bryan would love to have you as well."
Mistress Anna was so beautiful and kind. She truly made me feel good and I wanted so badly to remain with her longer, but I knew it wasn't meant to be, for I was already an owned creature. "Thank you Mistress Anna. The Cunt enjoyed its time with you both today."
"You're not the Cunt when you're with me my sweet mare, you're Beauty. And all that talk about putting a foal in your womb was just part of the role play. It gets both Bryan and I excited to speak that way. He has a low sperm count which is why he hasn't filled me with babies yet, so you don't have to worry about getting pregnant."
I smiled and nodded, feeling the warmth and love from the woman who stood in front of me. She escorted me out of the tack room and walked me to the passenger side of the car, giving me a tight hug that squished my exposed udders into her corset. "I'll say goodbye to Stormy for you, I may go ahead and have him give me another cart ride before we call it a day. Be good Beauty."
Master trudged to his vehicle and furiously flung open the car door. As he positioned his obese form into the seat, his breathing was heavy and he gripped the steering wheel hard as he fumed. We proceeded down the gravel driveway and turned on to the highway, driving in silence for several minutes before he turned to me and yelled "You are not Beauty, you are the Cunt. You have always been the Cunt and you will always be the Cunt. Do you understand?"
I quickly nodded "yes Master, it is the Cunt and it is proud to be owned by Master. It hopes its Master doesn't blame the Cunt for what happened today."
Master took a deep breath in an attempt to calm down. He gazed at my naked little body, my legs obediently spread wide and he used a chubby finger to brush an errant strand of long black hair from in front of my crystal blue eyes. "I know it wasn't your fault. It was those...those bad people who took advantage of you. I should have been a better Master and stayed with you."
His hand once again came to rest on my inner thigh, gently rubbing the silky skin that resided so close to the moist pink flesh between my legs that was spread and on display and once again I embraced the joy of my Master's touch on my skin.
Continued in Trapped, Trained and Twisted Pt. 07
(Thank you so much for reading my story! Please give me a good rating because this makes me feel good and be sure to leave respectful comments because I seriously adore hearing from you and seeing your thoughts and getting into good discussions, especially if there was something you didn't understand.
Keep in mind that I know this story might not be for everyone. It has some pretty dark parts in it that may make some people uncomfortable, but it was written to explore the psychology and methods of this kind of transformation. If its not your cup of tea, don't give it a bad rating, just move on and leave the rating judgement to people who enjoy this type of content and can evaluate it without a negative bias.
Also be sure to follow me because I've written a good number of stories and there's going to be a lot more of this one as well).