Updated July 15, 2024
Latest posts:Miori's Dad's Kimono Shop,Caught!,At My Cousin's Wedding
A couple of readers have asked what order my posts should be read in. I try to write, so that each post can be read on its own, but here I'll explain a bit about who appears in each story, and then list what order they happened in.
Just about me, I was born in Japan in Tokyo, but my parents, sister Norika and I lived in Hawaii and later New York for a bit before moving back to Kamakura, a beach and temple town on the coast south of Tokyo. After finishing high school in Japan, I moved to Oceanview, a small town on the coast of southern California to go to university. These stories are mostly about people I met in university and during trips home to Japan or to places around the States.
My sister Norika
One question I get asked is how I got into nudism (or fooling around outdoors). My older sister Norika probably started before I did. In the post calledA Bit More about Norika, she brought out this stack of magazines, and when I asked to see, I noticed a lot of them seemed to have articles or pictorials where some women got naked in public. InFirst Steps, she and I went to a hot spring with our parents, and saw this woman show off her naked body in an outdoor bath in front of her boyfriend. Not long after, Norika came out naked when my first boyfriend Tomoyuki was at our house. I was kind of angry at her at the time, but as I grew older, I began to understand more why they might want to do these things.
I didn't see Tomoyuki as much after I moved to Oceanview, but I did get talking to him on the phone inA Temple at Night and Day.
Norika settled down, but she did come with my classmate Michiyo and me toOur Local Sentoin Kamakura. Norika eventually came to stay with me in Oceanview inMy Sister Comes to Visitwhere she met my host family. By the time ofMy Neighbor's Pussy, Norika had a handsome British boyfriend, Evan, who drove Norika and I around places. I did maybe tease him a bit.
My Aunt Sachi and cousin Namie
My mom's younger sister, Aunt Sachi was another big influence on me, just because she's open and understanding, and likes racy jokes. InFirst Steps, Michiyo and I ended up heading to Sachi's house when it started to rain while we were at the beach. Sachi let us use their shower, but when we came out, she just gave me a t-shirt, no bottoms. Can you imagine? She's always doing things like this!
Sachi has a daughter Namie a bit older than I. When Namie got married to Ryoichi, I came back to be her bridesmaidAt My Cousin's Wedding. After the wedding, I got toVisiting my Cousin Namie, and gave her my take on how to spice up her love life with her new hubbie.
Namie came with me to a bunch of inns inHot Spring Christmas. We met some interesting guys near the end of that trip, students like me.
InMy Aunt's House by the Beach, Norika, my boyfriend Ryosuke, Namie, her brother Hideki and I went to the beach, and I ended up losing the towel I was wearing.
After that, Sachi invited me to come with her husband uncle Yuuzou, Hideki and her to a waterfall in the wilds of western Tokyo. It was a bit of aParadise on Earth, the perfect place to go skinny-dipping!
My boyfriend Ryosuke, his host family
Ryosuke was my boyfriend most of the time I was in Oceanview. When we first started going out, the two of us tried to find a place to be alone together. We often ended up having sex outdoors or in other odd places. I talk about this inIn the Woods with my Boyfriend,On my University Campus,In Our Friend's Apartment,On the Beach at Night,In a Bikini Shop Changing Room,The Two of Us Take a Trip Part 1,The Two of Us Take a Trip Part 2,At a Public Swimming Pool,Back in Japan with My BoyfriendandTennis in the Park.
Ryosuke and I met some other Japanese exchange students (Haruko, Koji and Misae), and went up to Los Angeles to watch baseball with them inTake Me Out to the Ball Game.
When I first met Ryosuke, I thought maybe he was dating this girl named Kiyomi. She's smart and ambitious, but Ryosuke ultimately chose me. After Kiyomi started dating an American guy Eden, they invited the two of us to come visit Eden's father's cottage inAn Island to Ourselves.
During one of my trips home to Japan, Ryosuke invited me up to his family's house in Tokyo inBack in Japan with My Boyfriendand then came down to Shonan inMeeting My Parents. Later, Ryosuke took me to participateAt a Japanese Summer Festivalin Tokyo where I met his brother Keisuke (and Miori).
Back in Oceanview, I went with Ryosuke for a swim, and thenMy First Time Playing Squash. Ryosuke wanted to fool around behind the library after theToga Partyat Satomi's dorm. Ryosuke came to my home stay inRyosuke Sleeps Over.
I gotCaught!on camera while wandering around half naked at the beach, and Ryosuke helped me track down the video. Ryosuke tried to prank me in my yukata at the beach inGet Ready for Fireworks.
Ryosuke and I started playing tennis inChanging for Tenniswhere I met a handsome guy named Tsuyoshi, a strong player but kind of quiet.
After I told Ryosuke aboutBirthday Paddy Whacks, he tried to spank me at my home stay.
Ryosuke and I went to anOutdoor Barbecueorganized by the Japanese Student Union on campus right near the nude beach which we popped down to visit.
InSleep in the Raw, I slept over at Ryosuke's home stay mansion, meeting his host family's handsome son Daniel. Ryosuke and Daniel were at the bar Hernando's the night I entered theBare as You Darecontest.
My best friends Asuna and Satomi, Ryosuke's friends Futoshi and Kenta
Ryosuke is friends with his female cousin Asuna, my friend Satomi, and I know his best friends Futoshi and Kenta. Asuna is a sweet thing, a year or so younger than Satomi and I, but she kind of looks up to me. Satomi is funny, always yelling at me over this or that, but I think that's just her sense of humor. Futoshi is a nice guy, kind to me, a good dancer with a bit of a tough guy face. Kenta is a race car geek, not so used to women, but he was nice enough to let us all sleep over inIn Our Friend's ApartmentandDancing and Strip Poker with Friendswhere Ryosuke and I fooled around a bit.
When Kenta was supposed to go back to Japan, he lent me the key to his condo, so Ryosuke and I could use it. I talk about this inBack at Kenta's Condo.
It was Ryosuke, Satomi, Futoshi and I inThe Four of Us Go Campingwhere we stayed by a lake we could bathe, and swim in. Soon after, we same four went for aBeach Getawaydown the coast, staying at hotels where we went swimming.
In myFirst Halloween, I went in a china dress to a party in a bar with Ryosuke, and then we went to visit Kenta for a Halloween party at his condo where they wanted me to dress as Eve.
Miori
Miori is a cute girl I first met in TokyoAt a Japanese Summer Festival, a matsuri where they made us wear these fundoshi thong things, and parade around. Soon after, I went up to visit her inMiori's Dad's Kimono Shop. Next I invited her to my parents' house inSleepovers in Japan. Later, she came to stay with me in Oceanview inMiori in Americawhere we got up to no end of mischief.
Michiyo in Japan
Michiyo was my best friend in Japan before I came to Oceanview. She's smart but maybe a bit shy. She did come with me toOur Local Sentowhere we bumped into an old classmate of ours, Naoya. I went to stay at her parents' place inSleepovers in Japan. Coming out of their bath, I didn't quite get dressed which was interesting with her father and brother there.
Satomi's dorm, her dorm mates Takuya and Hiro
Satomi lives in a dorm on campus where I met her American dorm mates, Hector and Kevin inToga Party, and then two Japanese boys Takuya and Hiro inLocked Out. InSatomi's Dorm Mates, Takuya and Hiro kept teasing me, and then inBikini Shopping with the Boys, they asked Satomi and me out. Satomi and I ended up going on a double date of sorts with them to theBeach with the Boys. InTV with Teddy, I was just trying to stay home alone, but the girl who works at the mall, Yuuki showed up with Takuya and Hiro in tow. They were in a frisky mood.
My home stay at Loretta's, Brandon, Hank
While in Oceanview, I got a home stay at Loretta Jespersen's, a blonde single mom with two adult kids and a hot 30ish boyfriend Hank. InMy Host Mom's Son Brandon, I was just kind of feeling my way, trying to figure what I could or could not get away with while staying there. InBirthday Paddy Whacks, I saw Brandon's friends spank him on his birthday, and told Ryosuke (Big mistake!). InTeasing Brandon, Loretta takes us to the beach.
My Host Mom's Boyfriend Hankis about him and me late one night in Loretta's living room. By the time ofMy Host Family, they have gotten so used to me, Loretta's daughter Jennifer doesn't even notice when I'm bottomless.Drum Showis mostly about our drum circle and half time show, but Hank was there to drive me.
Asuna's condo and Craig
Asuna lives in a condo near the beach sharing with two American women, Sandra and Maria. I first met Sandra's bad-boy boyfriend Craig inCaught!when he stormed in while I was showering. InGet Ready for Fireworks, I went to Asuna's with Satomi so we could get ready for a fireworks show, and Craig popped up again. ThePeeping Tomwas him. By the time ofJapanese Bottoms, I'd kind of become resigned to his naughty ways, and even asked for his opinion. After I gotNaked at a Slumber Party, I went to Asuna's to recruit her, and he was there sleeping away in Sandra's bed.
The swimmer Winston and the party boys: Gus, Margas, Sven
Winston is a tall Chinese American who I know because he swims in the campus fitness center pool where I worked one summer. He was the one who suggested Fujiko move in to their house inMy Friend Fujiko Moves to a Frat. At their housewarming party, I met Gus, a tall Midwesterner, who also lived there.
I met a friend of Gus', Margas, an Afghani pick up artist, at theFirst Halloweenparty.
InSwim Training, Winston recommended I seek coaching from top swimmer Dirk if I want to get on to Oceanview U.'s varsity swim team.
Gus and Margas were there for myBare as You Darecontest in Hernando's, along with Sven, their not-Swedish but blonde friend. Sven organized for us to go watch some cool EDM bandsAt a Music Festival, and Gus drove us.
James, the fitness trainer
The time Satomi and I went with Takuya and Hiro to the mall downtown inBikini Shopping with the Boys, I ended up meeting a kind Chinese American fitness trainer guy, James. James seemed quite taken with me, so I joined him for beachVolleyball, and ended up introducing him to Asuna to see if the two of them would hit it off.
My friends from the language exchange Minori and Nao
In my senior year, I met two women at the language exchange, Minori and Nao. My friends like Michiyo and Satomi come from good families, and always behave, but I think Minori and Nao might have worked in strip clubs in Japan before coming to the U.S. They came with me to theNo Pants Train Ridethat Trevor organized. Another time, the three of us went up to the north end of town, and stumbled upon aBachelor Partyfor a Chinese American guy named Ben. We helped them celebrate.
Chronological Order
This is roughly the order in which my posts happened. I do occasionally flash-forward within a story, (eg.First Stepsis three mini-stories, the third part of which occurred after I'd met Ryosuke in Oceanview), but anyway, this is the close to the real timeline.
1.A Bit More about Norika
2.First Steps
3.In the Woods with my Boyfriend
4.On my University Campus
5.In Our Friend's Apartment
6.A Temple at Night and Day
7.On the Beach at Night
8.In a Bikini Shop Changing Room
9.The Two of Us Take a Trip Part 1
10.The Two of Us Take a Trip Part 2
11.Dancing and Strip Poker with Friends
12.At a Public Swimming Pool
13.Back in Japan with My Boyfriend
14.At My Cousin's Wedding
15.Meeting My Parents
16.At a Japanese Summer Festival
17.My First Time Playing Squash
18.Back at Kenta's Condo
19.Take Me Out to the Ball Game
20.The Four of Us Go Camping
21.Beach Getaway
22.Visiting my Cousin Namie
23.Toga Party
24.An Island to Ourselves
25.Locked Out
26.My Host Mom's Son Brandon
27.Hot Spring Christmas
28.Miori's Dad's Kimono Shop
29.Satomi's Dorm Mates
30.Bikini Shopping with the Boys
31.Ryosuke Sleeps Over
32.Beach with the Boys
33.Tennis in the Park
34.Caught!
35.Get Ready for Fireworks
36.Reiko's Backyard Poolis about a Japanese Issei woman I met at uni and her sons, daughter and husband.
37.My Host Mom's Boyfriend Hank
38.Peeping Tom
39.Sunbathing on Campusis mainly about me, but I did bump into Takuya and Professor Edelman who I would later work for.
40.Our Local Sento
41.My Friend Fujiko Moves to a Frat
42.My Sister Comes to Visit
43.Sleepovers in Japan
44. InExamined by Doctors, I went to the campus sports clinic in Oceanview and also a hospital. Nothing serious, but it was kind of embarrassing.
45.My Aunt's House by the Beach
46.Japanese Bottoms
47.Grandma's House in the Countryis just about my grandma, my cousin Jumpei, and a neighbor boy, Seiichirou, I was supposed to marry.
48.Changing for Tennis
49.Birthday Paddy Whacks
50.My Neighbor's Pussy
51.TV with Teddy
52.First Halloween
53.Naked at a Slumber Party
54.Miori in America
55.Swim Training
56.Outdoor Barbecue
57.Paradise on Earth
58.Sleep in the Raw
59.Volleyball
60.Teasing Brandon
61.Swim Teamis about Yoshi and the group of guys I used to 'manage' from Kamakura coming to Oceanview to train.
62.Bare as You Dare
63.No Pants Train Ride
64.At a Music Festival
65.My Host Family
66.Bachelor Party
67.Drum Show
There are other parts which I'll try to post when I can.
Emi Tsuruta