About twelve years ago, I was heavily involved with an older married guy, who did some amateur photography. He turned this young girls head with aspirations of life as a glamour model. Needless to say I was his model and would pose for him, innocently at first, then as the weeks went by the posing became more and more provocative. I was only eighteen when the relationship started, so I did not possess an abundance of sexy lingerie, Corsets, Basques, Waspies or stockings. I didn't lose my virginity to this guy, but I wasn't exactly sexually rampant. The photographers wife was very pretty with a very good body, but she was no competition for my huge firm young tits. She hated my guts when I took over her role as his main model, and automatically assumed that me and her husband were fucking each other. She never had any concrete proof of our sexual relationship, but that didn't stop her accusations. I think that her persecution of me actually dove me in to her husbands arms, or rather his pants.
As I indicated earlier I was not exactly sexually naive, but this guy taught me so much. We shared a lot of firsts. He was the first guy to come in my mouth, the first guy to dress me up in sexy lingerie, which at the early stages was always his wife's, but I enjoyed that as it was a kind of revenge fuck. He was the first guy to fuck my ass, photograph me nude and in some very compromising positions, and he was the guy who introduced me to the sexual delights of the threesome, when he invited his brother to join us on a porno shoot.
Both guys were blessed with very large cocks which I spent many happy hours, sucking or fucking one of them as the other photographed or filmed the moments of erotica.
We would meet up on Tuesday and Friday evenings in a makeshift studio they owned, where they would shave my pussy, dress me up in stockings and garters, then fuck me wildly, ending the session with a sensational double penetration. Both guys got off on coming inside me and would alternate between squirting their spunk up my pussy or ass.
Their infatuation with me eventually fizzled out and we all went our separate ways. When we parted, which was remarkably on good terms, I had quite a collection of erotic and kinky lingerie in any material you can name. I had learned some fantastic new skills regarding make up application, and an extensive knowledge of the karma sutra and all things sexual, butI never received a copy of any photographs or videos, and have no idea where they ended up. For all I knew I could be an internet sensation.
A few years passed when I eventually met the man who would become my husband.
My youthful sexual exuberance, subsided somewhat and I eventually settled into the domestic marital bliss I enjoy on a daily basis.
My husband knew I posed for provocative photographs, but as I had no copies, he had no unit of measurement as to the raunchiness of the photographs, which, considering his small jealousy and insecurities, it was possibly a good thing there was no evidence. Sometimes he would ask what happened on the photoshoots, and always got incredibly aroused when he broached the subject.
Twelve years later and I'll take up the story.
My husband and I were in town shopping for outfits for his companies annual celebration. This year they have had a particularly successful year and were going all out to thank the workforce, buy taking over completely, one of the best Spa Hotels on the outskirts of town. We were both looking forward to this as it was a break from the norm, plus everything was at the expense of the company. We were going to use this as a second honeymoon type celebration, no kids, no responsibilities.
I keep my 36DD-25-36 in pristine condition with lots of gym work, sensible diet and more recently new sexy pole dance classes. As we were going to use this as a second honeymoon, I'd already planned in my mind to treat my husband with some seriously sexy gyrations I picked up in the pole dancing classes. To reinforce this plan, I was standing in a lingerie shop with my husband picking out garter belts, stockings, sexy revealing bra's and possibly something trashy to keep my husband on the boil. I had in my hand a shiny black garter belt, a matching quarter cup bra, which would reveal my erect nipples completely and a matching very small thong. I sent hubby to wander through the shop to choose anything of his liking and I would wear it for him over the weekend. He had full knowledge of my sizes and wandered off to select his sexual preference. I was standing looking through some very sexy corsets, having little flashbacks to my raunchy modelling days. I glanced up to find a guy looking directly at me with a huge grin on his face. I was about to give him a piece of my mind when I recognised who it was.
Standing in front of me was my former lover the photographer. He smiled and spoke quietly.
"Never thought I would see you in here!" He drawled "I thought you had given this sort of thing up!"
My husband shot a glance straight over, which didn't look as though he was very pleased with a guy approaching me in a lingerie store as I tried to purchase sexy garments.
I panicked, looking at the guy with quite a worried look.
"I'll have to go!" I whispered and headed to the checkout. I paid for my underwear as quickly as I could and headed out of the store. My husband walked up to the photographer and a conversation took place. I had no clue as to the contents of this conversation, but I imagine the photographer would be getting told in no uncertain terms to stay clear of his wife. My husband looked at me briefly and I nodded toward the nearest McDonalds to meet him inside.
I sat inside the McDonalds waiting for my husband but he was still talking to the photographer and unless I'm mistaken, the conversation did not seem heated in the slightest. They spoke for at least fifteen minutes, then my husband made his purchase and left the store with whatever delight he had purchased. He smiled as he entered McDonalds and calmly spoke.
"I never knew you used to be a glamour model?" His eyebrows raised with the inquisitive look of a pleased man.
"That guy said he used to photograph you all of the time a few years back, with his business partner!" Husband looked leerily at me "He said you were the biggest moneymaker they ever had on their books!"
"If that's the case I didn't see any of it!" I laughed nervously.
"He said he has portfolios of you still on the shelf and he did warn me that there are a few rather risqué videos of you!"
My face drained and I began to feel my body tremble nervously.
"He has invited me round to his studio tonight and I asked if I brought you, would he photograph you in some of the sexy lingerie we purchased!" Hubby smiled "Needless to say he said he would love to photograph you and capture that special sexiness he said you exude!"
A part of me wanted to tell my husband to tell the guy to go to hell, but something had been awakened in me sexually and that part was strong, arousing and stirring me, in a way I'd never felt for a long time. The butterflies in my stomach were matching the excited agitations of my tingling pussy at the though of parading around his studio once more, showing my large naked breasts and spreading my legs to reveal my tight shaved pussy. I felt my face flush as hubby looked me in the eye.
"I think you would like to do this, judging from the aroused blush on your cheeks!" He smiled and placed his hand on mine gently, stroking the back of my hand in a soothing gesture.
"Are you sure you would want me to this? I would be almost naked in front of another man!" I said nervously, not revealing the whole truth to him.
"Another two! He said he would bring his partner along for old times sake!" Hubby grinned enjoying my uneasiness!
"You do realise that these guys are very touchy freely with their models!" I said wondering if he would change his mind.
"Sounds like it could be fun!" He smirked "Plus you've done it before, but not with your husband in the room!"
"Those were different days babe and it was years before I met you!" I stated, terrified if I should tell him the possible content of the photographs and videos.
My husband looked at me with the most mischievous smile.
"We should have talked about this sort of thing. You should have been honest with me from the start. Well I will be honest with you right now and tell you that this kind of arouses me!"
I looked at my smiling husband, his grin emblazoned across his face a lusty look in his eyes.
"Come on lets go to the pub across the road and we can a little chat!" I smiled squeezing his hand.
I took at a seat at a table for. Two, tucked away at the rear of the pub, with prying eyes or ear in the vicinity. Hubby came over to the table with two large glasses of white wine. I tapped my long red nails off the stem of the glass, waiting for hubby to broach the subject once more.
"OK honey, whenever you're ready!" Hubby smirked enjoying my obvious discomfort.
"It was long before we met!" I started "The photographer and I embarked on a rather torrid affair. I was young and impressionable and to a young girl he was very flamboyant and influential!" I said looking down at my glass.
"He was married at the time and it all started so innocently. He used to photograph two nights a week at his studio where I would pose in bikinis or underwear shots, which progressed to Garters, Stockings and corsets. I felt empowered and aroused during these sessions and inevitably we ended up having sex on camera!" I said, now looking my husband directly in the eye.
My husband was smiling eerily, with a flushed look on his face.
"He started inviting his brother along, initially to be the cameraman, but one thing led to another and I began having sex with both of them!" I said watching my husbands arousal heighten.
"I must see the photographs and movies of my wife being a porno threesome slut!" He smiled, a bead of sweat running down the side of his forehead "You obviously enjoyed your modelling career!"
A new air of confidence wafted over me as I saw my husband reveal an unknown side of himself to me. My husband could be a voyeur, which as an ardent exhibitionist, could make us the perfect couple.
"I did enjoy my time modelling, and the raunchier the shoot the higher my level of enjoyment!" I smiled, my nails running up and the stem of the wine in a sexual and provocative manner.
My husbands Adam's apple bobbed up and down his throat as he nervously swallowed, hearing his faithful wife reveal she was a former glamour and porno model.
"We'll go over to his studio tonight and you can model your new underwear for the camera!" Hubby said with a slight tremble in his voice.
"I should warn you that these can make me do almost anything they want! Are you sure you can handle that?" I smiled, watching my hubby become more aroused. His flushed face and dilated pupils would not be able to hide any level of arousal. He was getting off on this and so was the exhibitionist in me, but there was something else under the surface. I was enjoying seeing my husband squirming and flustered. His awkwardness and slight humiliation were arousing me tremendously.
"OK I will pose in my new sexy lingerie for the guys and you can sit and watch as they try, and possibly succeed to seduce your wife!" I giggled knowing instinctively that this would arouse him "In front of the camera I am a different beast altogether, I get so wet seeing the look on guys faces as they enjoy and lust after my body!"
"How turned on do you get?" Hubby enquired.
"When my pussy is eventually revealed, you will have to step up to the mark and fuck me on camera or one of my old friends will need to slide their familiar cocks in me and provide the pleasure I crave!" I giggled.
Hubby looked shocked, startled and aroused at a world class level. His hands were visibly shaking as he looked at me with a lustful look I had not witnessed in quite some time. My pussy was tingling and almost squelching with my wetness.
"Give him a call, he gave you a card and tell him we'll be at the studio at eight sharp, and then you can see just how hot your wife can be!" I smiled, letting my long red nails scrape the underside of his chin gently.
Hubby took his phone out of his pocket, held the business card in his other hand and began to dial the number. He looked at me nervously as the photographer answered.
"Hi its the guy who's wife used to model for you. She and I will be at your studio at eight sharp tonight. Look forward to seeing you work!" Hubby exchanged a little small talk with the guy then hung up. Looking at me quite pleased with himself, I said.
"Come on we'll need to get home. I have to shave my pussy, sort out my lingerie and get my hair and make up ready for this evening! It takes time to look like a slut!" I giggled then downed my wine in one gulp.
Hammering home the reality to him that his loving faithful wife was soon to show her shaved pussy and large breasts to two guys who have pleasured me on many occasions, and who knows how what tonight will bring?
This was a strange day sexually and emotionally. It started off romantically with hubby and I picking out sexy lingerie for me to wear on our up coming dirty weekend, and has ended up where I will be parading around a studio in the aforementioned lingerie, under the control and jurisdiction of two former lovers!
That is not how I imagined the day would turn out. Something deep within me had been awakened and stirred. I was on edge, desperate to reveal my body to my former lovers as my husband looked on lustfully. I was getting wetter and wetter at the prospect of stretching out on some makeshift bed, my legs open wide, revealing my shaved pussy and rarely used asshole to two former lovers..
We made it home after an eventful journey, where I teased and tormented my husband about what may happen tonight, and to be truthful, I picked up that both of us were secretly hoping something did happen during my modelling assignment.
Hubby ran a bath for me, placing my lady shave and shaving foam on the side of our bath. I placed my newly acquired lingerie on the bed and began to remove the tags off the incredibly sexy underwear. Hubby picked up his purchase and emptied it on to the bed.
"I would love to see you photographed in this!" He said nodding toward the garment.
Picking it up, I found a very soft wet look material which had been fashioned into a very sexy under bust corset with four garter straps. The corset laced up at the front, with a hook and eye arrangement at the rear. With it being under bust, my breasts would be totally exposed.
"That's very sexy!" I smiled approvingly "But you do know my breasts will be revealed as there is no cups or any possibility of wearing a bra with such an outfit!" I stated, ensuring hubby understood the repercussions.
He looked at me boyishly and whispered almost.
"I didn't get any thong to go with it!" he said almost apologetically "I thought it would look much sluttier if worn without!" The naughty boy was planning ahead!
I grinned salaciously at my squirming husband.
"So you want your wife to show her breasts and shaved pussy to her ex lovers?" I questioned enjoying the little torment I was providing.
"You do know they've seen and felt my pussy and breasts many times in the past! You know they've both orgasmed in every hole I have!" I confirmed enjoying my description "They'll probably touch me a lot setting up poses, twisting my nipples so they look erect on camera, parting my pussy lips so my slit and pink hole can be seen! And do you know that they have double penetrated me on numerous occasions!"
I have no idea where this side of me was coming from, but one thing I did know, is it felt natural and hubby and I were loving it.
"Do you think they would let me see the pics and videos from when they Double Penetrated you?" Hubby enquired hesitantly.
"If you want the thrill of a lifetime, why don't I fuck both guys tonight and you can watch the live action floorshow?" I grinned watching the shock spread across my husbands face.
I looked own at his groin to see the largest tent pole he'd ever produced.
My husband was definitely a kinky voyeur!
"If they fuck me, then I know they'll want to DP me for old times sake!" I giggled.
"I'm going in the bath to shave my pussy smooth for my photo shoot, then you can help me select what lingerie I should travel to the studio in. I can put a long mac on top, like some kind of slut flasher!" I laughed as I headed off to the bathroom.
I lay naked in the bath and decided to extend the fun I was having. I sat on the edge of the hot tub, opened my legs wide, sprayed some shaving foam on my pussy, smoothing it over my excited mound. I shouted on hubby to come through to the bathroom to help.
He walked into the bathroom seeing my legs wide open with my pussy coated in shaving foam, and me gently stroking the white foam.
"Could you make sure that my pussy is absolutely smooth. I don't the guys to find me with any straggles or stubble!" I smiled handing him my ladyshave.
"Just run the blades gently over my flesh and pull my pussy open when you need it!"
My husband looked excited beyond belief, not just at shaving my pussy but also at my insistence that it is smooth and perfect for the guys. This was my disguised admission that tonight I would be getting fucked on camera again!
The ladyshave glided over my pussy mound, removing every trace of stubble completely. I held my pussylips away from any contact with the razor as hubby ensured my slit and opening were completely hair free.
Rinsing and residual foam from my pussy I smiled at hubby and said.
"Pat my pussy dry then rub some baby oil on my flesh to moisturise my pussy!" I smiled "If memory serves the guys did like my pussy to be smooth and shiny!"
Hubby gulped picking up a small hand towel and began to pat my pussy and mound dry. Picking up the baby oil he poured a copious amount into his palm, then rubbed the palm between my legs, ensuring every particle of flesh was oiled and shiny. His oiled fingers ran between my oiled pussylips, exciting me with his oily touch. Hubby craftily slid a finger between my slit and pushed it deep inside my pussy. I moaned loudly, gently bucking against his finger as a smile shot across his face. I stood up as he removed his finger.
"Let's get me ready for my photo shoot!" I smiled, enjoying my denial of any pussy action to my husband.
As we walked into the bedroom I sprayed some deodorant on my armpits, then sprayed some perfume on my body and neck, with a couple of dabs behind my ears.
"Go and get the baby oil and rub it all over my body, but not as much as you used on my cunt!" I said, emphasising the word cunt, letting my husband know of my slut intentions this evening.
He dashed back in to the bedroom with the bay oil in one hand and a small hand towel in the other.
"Come on then. Oil me up!" I smiled "Touch me for the last time this evening!" I said shocking my husband with my forceful comment. He now fully realised what was going to happen.
His loving wife would become a slut for two older guys, and judging by the erection he was sporting, my husband was going to love watching his wife perform to her slut limits.
He poured little trickles of oil on my shoulders, breasts and stomach. He immediately began to smother my tanned skin with the baby oil, spreading the shiny solution as though he was rubbing sun tan lotion into my skin. He spread the oil evenly over my breasts, shoulders and stomach, spreading any residue into my arms. He turned me around and repeated the process on my back and buttocks. This was way better than a conventional message as my husband knew he wouldn't be touching me anymore tonight, after the oiling is completed, which only made him more determined to spend as much time as he could, massaging baby oil into my naked body.
So far so good, my body was evenly coated with baby oil, giving a rich sheen to my smooth tanned flesh. He concentrated on rubbing the oil between the cheeks of my ass, his oil coated fingers circling my asshole erotically.
His actions only increased my arousal, ensuring that my two former lovers were in for one hell of a fuck!
He finished my upper and lower legs, ensuring every drop was absorbed by my tanned flesh. He stood up to admire his handiwork, proud in the fact that every drop was now absorbed into my aroused flesh. He moved over to the bed and opened a pair of Black Seamed Fishnet Stockings. Throwing the packaging across the room, he took the left stocking and smoothed it over my foot and sliding the back nylon up my leg into its final resting place. The same action was performed for the right leg. Next he picked up the Under Bust Corset, adjusting it into place then fastening the hook and eyes. As each one fastened, my narrow waist became more prominent. My huge firm breasts looked amazing resting above the corset, with my garter straps dangling down.
Hubby sat on the bed and began to fasten the garter straps. One by one the garter straps were fastened and my slut look was almost complete. Hubby went over to the wardrobe and returned with my black playboy stiletto spike heeled shoes. These were his favourite of my sexy shoes and this was quite a subservient act for him to undertake. Allowing his wife to be fucked in his favourite sexy shoes. This little gesture aroused me immensely.
I looked in the mirror delighted at how my lingerie enhanced my sexy curves, with my shaved pussy and huge breasts with my erect nipples all on display, completing my slut look. Hubby's face was flushed with excitement and possibly with an element of anxiety at what lay ahead.
I turned to face hubby, one my left hand stroking my left breast and my right hand gently grazing my shaved pussy.
"In case you weren't fully aware, your wife will be getting fucked in all of her holes, but your cock won't be doing any of the fucking!" I smirked with more than a hint of self satisfaction.
Hubby just nodded his head in agreement as his face continued to flush.
"It's been a few years since I've been fucked by these guys and acted like their personal depraved slut. I didn't realise how much I missed their cocks until today!" I giggled standing in my slut outfit.
"You may have to get used to the fact that I may be making trips to the studio a couple of times a week, modelling for them and being fucked into submission!" I grinned "Knowing these two dirty bastards they'll probably have me doing gang bangs and racial stuff!" I finished walking slowly out of the bedroom, leaving my husband with his tormented thoughts.
Hubby followed like an obedient lapdog, as I went to the kitchen to pour a large glass of white wine.
"Once I've drank this, you can fetch my Mac and bring the bag I've put all the lingerie and make up in. I've also placed a few sex toys in the bag to get the party started!" I giggled "Then we'll head over to the studio!"