When Thomas woke the next morning, not of his own will but from barrage of texts that came from his phone, a throbbing permeated through his head. The hangover was real, despite not actually having had that much the night before, but it had been quite a while since he last drank at all, and he had clearly lost all tolerance for it.
Still, no amount of headache or blazing light in his eyes could dampen his mood. Through the pain, the memories from the night before drifted into his mind, and a smile stretched across his face.
Everything was a haze, a blur of ecstasy leaving no doubt that it had all happened, it was all real.
The sound from his phone snapped Thomas back to reality. Reaching over and across the bed towards the nightstand, the notification came up on his screen.
"On our way to get you. Ten minutes."
Thomas read the message, having forgotten that his friends were taking him to breakfast. He closed his eyes and placed both hands on either side of his temples, rubbing slowly to ease the throbbing.
As best he was able, Thomas stood up, stumbled, and tried again. Stretching his arms over his head, he yawned deeply. The next few minutes were a blur as he slipped into the bathroom next to his room and turned the shower on. As the water warmed, he searched the medicine cabinet for an Advil. Taking two for good measure, he slipped into the warm water stream and quickly cleaned himself off. He dried himself quickly, dressing in a pair of jeans and his favorite t-shirt, old and worn, but still fitted and comfortable.
When he climbed the stairs towards the kitchen, he expected to find it empty since his parents were likely to be sleeping on these vacation days. Instead, he was surprised to see Celine, sitting at the table with a book and a cup of coffee, wearing the same long nightshirt from the night before.
Thomas almost tripped over the last step as he saw her, while his face blushed red. His courage from the night before had vanished, clearly having been fueled by the drinks he had consumed, meanwhile Celine did not change at all in her facial expression, nor lift her gaze from the pages of her book.
Thomas stammered with his voice caught in his throat. Celine finally looked up from her book, and said, "Good morning, sleep well?"
Thomas meant to speak, but found himself lacking in words. He finally squeaked out, "Yes. Thank you. How about you?"
"Very well, I always sleep well after a relaxing evening with some wine and a good movie."
Thomas nodded, unsure of what else to say. Celine continued, right as Thomas' phone received another message, "Did you like it all, Thomas? Everything you saw?"
Thomas nodded again, while the phone let him know that his friends were outside. "Yeh, the movie was really good."
Celine flashed him a wicked smile, "I'm glad you did."
Thomas felt his phone vibrate in his pocket, and knew already what it would say, "My friends are taking me to breakfast," he said, still looking sheepish.
"Well, have a great time." She replied, standing up and moving over to him, giving him a peck on the cheek, and whispering into his ear, "I can't wait to see you later on."
Thomas felt the goosebumps forming all across his arms, and a twinge in his pants. Celine sat back down as he slipped meekly out the door of the kitchen and through the living room towards the front door. He slipped on his jacket and boots, and walked out to the familiar sight of the blue Honda that Eric had bought two years.
As soon as he was sitting with his friends again, Thomas felt as if no time had passed between them. His headache dwindled as he ate and drank a hearty English breakfast at one of their favorite hangouts, a spirited English pub in the evenings, and in the mornings, served some of the best food in town.
The morning flew by as friends caught up. In truth there was little new in any of their lives, since classes and studying took up most of their time, and they still chatted over the phone and when they played games together online. In truth it was as though they had not been apart at all during the semester. It was a little after four in the afternoon when Thomas was dropped off back home, the two having made plans to see eachother again the next day for a run.
As Thomas put his jacket on a hanger, he heard a noise coming from the kitchen. He walked from the entrance and into the dining room, and then into the kitchen, where his father stood at the counter, chopping potatoes and carrots. Thomas knew instantly that his father was preparing his favorite meal.
Thomas called out, throwing his arms into the air in triumph, "Beef stew!"
His father smiled and turned to Thomas, "Beef stew!" The two laughed and stood around, chatting about how the semester had unfolded. His father nodded along, interested in everything he had to say as the carrots were cut into smaller pieces and placed into the stainless-steel pot. Before starting on the next group of carrots, he said to Thomas, "As long as you're here, do you mind giving me your opinion on some new designs for the catalogue?"
Thomas' father worked for an old department store. It was old in that it had been established in the 1940s, had survived the second World War, and then, remained one of the few such places standing in the face of the Wal-Mart expansion in the past decades. His father worked in marketing, and often designed the catalogues himself every year.
"Sure thing," Thomas said, looking around the kitchen.
"It's on the dining room table, you can sit there and let me know what you think."
Thomas nodded and moved over to slide open the wooden door of the pass-through between the kitchen and dining room. It was small but perfect for them to carry on a conversation. Thomas went into the dining room and saw the scattered catalogues on the table, numbering six in total that his father had been tinkering with, each different in design.
He sat and began to look at each one, broadly taking in the details. A thought popped into his head at that moment. "Where's mom and Celine?"
The answer came amidst continuous chopping, "Your mother left about half an hour before you arrived, to her yoga class. Celine is having a rest in the guest bedroom, I think she had gone for a run earlier and felt tired." As he spoke, Thomas caught a brief hint of movement in the corner of his eye. The right side of the living led to the stairs up to the master bedroom and the guestroom. Celine had quietly made her way down the carpeted steps making hardly a sound. She wore the same black yoga pants from when he had arrived, and a while tank top.
Celine took in the situation, and ever so slowly walked towards Thomas, swaying her hips as she went. Thomas could still see his dad in the kitchen because the pass-through was open. As Celine approached, she slid down to the ground and got on all fours, out of view of the kitchen still.
"So which one?" came the question from the kitchen.
Thomas had been hypnotized by Celine as she moved across the floor, so much so that he did not hear the question. "Sorry, which one?"
"Which do you like so far?"
Celine moved slowly so as not to make a sound. "I think," Thomas began, "That they're all nice. Give me a sec to look some more."
The table itself was long, made of a thick wood, and had been in the house as long as Thomas could remember. Celine continued her slow crawl, and disappeared beneath it. A moment later, Thomas felt her hands running up and down his thighs. He flipped through the catalogues, trying to look busy, and asking questions every so often. As his father answered, Celine undid the belt of his pants, unbuttoned the top, and then placed her hands on either side of his hips. She began to tug gently at the sides, and Thomas lifted himself, until finally she had slipped them all the way down his legs. One by one, she slid them off his legs, until finally he sat at the table, naked from the waist down, while his father worked in the kitchen.
In the next moment, Thomas felt the warmth of Celine's mouth as she took his soft cock inside her completely. He had to fight not to make any sound in surprise. And did his best to continue looking at the catalogues. As she moved her mouth back and forth, Thomas began to harden in a hurry. Looking down, he could only see Celine's mouth when she moved back along his cock.
"Any thoughts?" came the question from the kitchen. Thomas snapped his head up, grasping at the first catalogue in front of him. "Y-yeh," he stammered out, and proceeded to say whatever came to mind about the various designs and layouts. He remembered nothing of what he said, as he was now rock hard and Celine continued to suck him off, slowly, building up the pleasure.
Thomas could not get over the feeling of being sucked off so eagerly while having to stay all but silent. He found it harder to focus on the catalogues in front of him and felt his orgasm building from within, when inevitably his father would call from the kitchen and ask something.
"Do you see how we organized the departments differently in the last two proposals?"
Thomas would snap back to attention and awkwardly look at the catalogues mentioned by his father. In focusing on the question, he would calm down a bit. Twice his father put down the knife used to chop vegetables and walked around the kitchen, causing Celine to slow down or pause, just in case he walked into the dining room and heard a commotion from under the table. When they heard him get back to working at the counter, she sped up once more.
Thomas moved his head down and to the side to catch a glimpse of Celine, and was surprised to see that at some point she had slipped her yoga pants off. He watched as she sucked him off in a steady rhythm, while her fingers moved in tandem between her legs. The sight nearly made Thomas blow his load right there, but he held off, and she too slowed.
A clang filled the air once more of metal on the counter, as the knife was set down. Thomas looked up and could not see his father in the open pass-through window, but he heard his steps. He walked into the dining room, wiping his hands on a towel. Celine all but froze under the table, staying silent, her mouth still full of cock.
Thomas held a catalogue in his hand, pretending to examine it, as his father said, "I'm heading down to the store for a bit to pick up a gift I forgot to get your mother. Do you want to come along?"
Thomas looked at his father and shook his head, "I think some of my friends might be coming over in a bit, so I should probably stay," he said, doing his best not to let his voice shake, despite the warmth of Celine's mouth ever present.
"Sounds great," came the reply, "I'll only be about an hour." With that, he walked to the front door for his coat and gloves, and then made his way back towards the garage. All the while, Celine had picked up the pace, sucking harder and faster than before now that a little noise would not be noticed. Thomas knew he would not last long, feeling his own breathing become short and quick.
"Slow down," he said as quietly as he could, fearing that his father would return. Celine only smiled, and moved even faster. Thomas leaned back in his chair, losing control. The tension rose within him, as he pushed his chair back slightly from the table. Celine came out from beneath but continued her sucking without pausing or slowing down. Thomas dropped his hands down to her head and moved along as she did. A moment later, the garage door opened, and Thomas heard the car start and back out onto the driveway, before the automatic door began to close.
In that moment, Thomas could wait no longer. "I'm close!" he called out, to which Celine responded by keeping pace. As Thomas grunted and the noise filled the air, Celine took him as deep as she could into her mouth, and swallowed his cum. Thomas gripped onto the sides of her head and felt his body shudder.
Celine continued her movements, but slowed considerably with her mouth, still touching herself. As Thomas felt his mind calm down and his mind return to Earth, he let out a deep sigh. With each passing moment, he felt his strength coming back to his legs. Looking down, he saw Celine, eyes looking into his, her fingers moving rapidly. Thomas did not hesitate. He pushed the chair back a bit more and stood, taking off his t-shirt and socks, standing naked before Celine.
He bent down and urged her to stand, which she did. Thomas then led her by the hand down the three small steps that separated the dining room with the living room. He moved to the large couch and, guiding Celine by the hips, sat her on the edge of the cushion, before lying her back. He knelt in front of the couch and began to lick her clit.
Celine moaned in ecstasy as Thomas began to eat her out, having spent the last little while touching herself while underneath the table, getting close to the edge herself, and slowing down so as not to be heard by anyone. Without meaning for it to happen, Celine had also brought herself to a close edge.
Thomas moved his tongue all around her clit, slowing down after beginning quickly, seeing that she too was close, like he was, and wanting to make this last. It had always been a fantasy to have sex in the living room, but before leaving for university, Thomas had neither a girlfriend to try, or likely even a time when it would have worked. The odds of both parents being out of the house was a rare occurrence, and he wanted to take this opportunity while it was available.
Celine meanwhile was unknowingly helping Thomas live out his dream. She moaned loudly, well-aware that they might not have another opportunity to be so vocal, which turned Thomas on even more. She would moan and run her fingers through his hair, feeling herself getting close, and then we could stop. Over and over he brought her to the edge, and her moans became louder and more intense. Ten minutes went on in this way, and Celine's moans had made Thomas hard once again. He stroked himself slowly while tonguing her clit.
Now Thomas was ready to see how loud she could be. He worked his tongue slowly again, still building up the pleasure inside her, but more gradually this time. Celine grasped onto his head and held him close. Her breathing was coming in short, choppy breaths now as well.
"Yes...yes," she moaned, nearing her limit. "Don't stop."
Thomas kept his steady pace then, back to the same steady motion that he knew she could not handle for long. Celine shuddered in the next moment, throwing her head back and crying out in ecstacy. Her hands were moving everywhere as she grasped for something, anything.
Thomas meanwhile wasted no time. He stood, taking her leg by the knee and turning her over, which she neither expected nor objected too. He pulled her back by the hips, lined up his hard cock, and pushed deep inside of her. Celine moaned with pleasure as Thomas gripped her hips and began his steady, hard thrusts.
Thomas worked his hips methodically, standing strong and focusing each thrust to be hard, helped along by his strong hands that pulled at her waist. Celine had not recovered from the powerful orgasm that had rocked her body, and hardly a minute passed and she felt herself losing control. Thomas sensed it too, as he breathing was again short and quick, making him thrust faster and harder. Celine moaned steadily, the sounds increasing and then from one moment to the next, she threw her head back and cried out in a moment of pure ecstacy.
Thomas grinned from ear to ear, not pausing for a moment with his thrusts, while Celine moaned loudly, filling the living room with her panting and lust. She meanwhile found herself seeing stars, her vision was blurred and her legs felt like jelly, and she would not trade this feeling for anything in the world.
Through Thomas' hard thrusts from behind, she came to her senses once again. She moaned loudly, feeling that he seemed to pick up the pace with her moans as they became louder.
"Fuck me harder!" she encouraged him. The desired effect was achieved, and Thomas found himself pumping as hard as he could into her. He grunted as he was about to cum again, and Celine spun around, taking his cock in her hand and stroking it furiously, as his second load entered her mouth. She worked his cock expertly, leaving not a drop unswallowed, all the while he fought to keep his head on straight.
Thomas felt his knees weaken, his strength all but gone with his load now taken care of. He collapsed onto the couch, and Celine curled up next to him. He put his arm around her and both simply sat, with only heavy breathing filling the air.
Before long they were back to normal, but still enjoying the silence. Celine had placed her hand on Thomas' balls and was feeling them, before moving to his cock and slowly bringing it back to life. Thomas was enjoying the sensation of another pair of hands getting him hard, and was semi-erect when the familiar sound of the garage door opening made them both jump. They scrambled to collect their clothing.
Before Thomas' mother could enter the house, both Celine and Thomas shared a deep, passionate kiss.
"Tonight," she said quickly, "meet me in the kitchen at one in the morning."
He smiled, and as the door to the garage opened, they moved back to their respective rooms, narrowly avoiding being seen.