My wife Lynn and I got married in the late seventies when we were both just eighteen. Lynn was really hot but she didn't think so, mainly from being raised in a very conservative family with her father being a preacher. Not to mention us growing up in a small ultra-conservative town. But that quickly changed a few months into our marriage. I'd won a polaroid camera at work and as a joke, I went into the bathroom one night while Lynn was taking a shower. I opened the shower curtain and hit the test button on the flash. As expected she got mad and chased me out of the bathroom. Not knowing I hadn't actually taken her picture.
But the joke was on me when about forty-five minutes later she came into the living room and said if I was going to take nude pictures of her she didn't want it to be in the shower with her looking like a drowned rat. Then stepped in front of me looking sexier than I'd ever seen her having put on a black garter belt & stockings and spiked heels. With a sheer red housecoat, you could see right through that was open in front. But this outfit that I'd never seen wasn't the only surprise.
Lynn had put on dark eye shadow & eyeliner and had painted her nails a dark red that matched the dark red lipstick she was wearing. So at 5-8, 110lb, 34D-24-35 with long red hair & matching bush she looked hot as hell. And I could tell she was really turned on as well, for the first time in her life dressing like that and putting on make-up that way. I was speechless for a moment, then asked when she'd bought that? Then learned it had been a secret wedding present from her cousin. But she'd not let me see it thinking it was too risque.
At that moment I could have kissed her cousin because Lynn had never looked that hot. And it had given Lynn a whole new sense of herself. We took two packs of pictures ( 20 ) and with each one, it looked like Lynn was more and more relaxed and was becoming more sensual in her poses. Afterward while looking through the pics we'd taken I could tell she really liked what she saw. That was the start of a total transformation of my wife and our marriage. And would open us up to things neither of us would have ever imagined.
After that night we started taking pictures about once a week and we both were really getting into this new experience. Lynn was ordering sexy outfits for our photo sessions. And I bought a new 35MM camera with us both knowing whoever developed the film would be seeing her naked. But since I'd be sending the film out of town Lynn not only agreed but was actually turned on by it. Sometimes asking if I thought the guy developing the pictures would like a certain pose? But things had changed in other ways too, she was dressing more revealing around the house in front of my friends and if we were out of town. But around town was still having to keep up her conservative good girl look.
In the next few months, things really started to change. Lynn had found that she liked the attention she'd get when she was dressed in sexy outfits and soon was wanting to show even more. We'd started going out of town almost every weekend so she could wear more & more revealing outfits and she'd do things like go in shoe stores and flash her pussy to salesmen or go into a convenience store and get two handfuls of penny candy and as she walked to the counter her dress would " accidentally " fall completely open. And all she'd have on underneath would be one of her many garter belts & stockings. As both hands were full she'd wait until she reached the counter to lay down the candy and close her dress. By now letting the cashiers have a nice long look at her big tits with their huge puffy areolas and her bushy red cunt.
She also liked ordering room service at our hotel or ordering a pizza to be delivered and answering the door in a towel that of course was going to " accidentally " fall to the floor. Unless she was feeling bolder and would go to the door in only a garter & stocking or totally nude. I was enjoying it as much as she was as I'd hide on the balcony or somewhere and watch knowing they might get nervous seeing her husband there.
But she'd also gotten bolder at home when my friends were there wearing loose-fitting tops and no bra and going out of her way to find reasons to bend over so they could see down her top and see her perfect 34D tits. We'd also started swapping nude photos with numerous other couples we met through a swinger magazine and traded pictures through the mail. This also had gotten us curious about the swinger lifestyle. And though we'd been cautious to only swap pictures with couples who lived far away we had noticed ads of couples in our general area.
But our introduction to swinging came about a different way. Despite a few of my friends seeing her tits when she'd lean over or on the rare occasion she'd set down wearing baggy shorts so they'd get a peek at her pussy she'd never let anyone we knew see her nude like she had numerous strangers and none had seen any of our pictures. Until one day I finally showed my best friend Tony some of my best pictures of Lynn when I learned he would be moving away in a few weeks.
I confessed to Lynn that night in bed what I'd done expecting her to be a little mad. But was surprised at how much it actually turned her on. We'd been trying to take some pictures of us having sex but they hadn't been turning out that well and I was surprised when she asked if I thought Tony would take some for us? The idea really turned me on and that weekend Tony came over to take pictures of me fucking my wife.
It started out with Lynn doing a slow striptease as he took pictures and I was surprised how at ease she was letting my friend see her totally naked. And then laying on the bed rubbing her pussy and fondling her tits. Then ending with her fucking herself with a twelve-inch vibrator. But she didn't seem the least bit nervous. Then I got on the bed with her and didn't hesitate at all taking my cock in her mouth and sucking me off. And in fact, seemed to be showing off as she was soon taking every bit of my thick nearly nine-inch cock in her throat.
Tony however was sweating like crazy as he took pictures of us orally pleasing each other. And us fucking in various positions, including me, fucking her in the ass. And at that point, he'd gone through the four rolls of film I'd given him. So I told him where I had some more and he left the room to get it. While he was gone I told Lynn by the way he was sweating he must really be getting off on watching us. Lynn replied by saying she could tell by the huge bulge in his pants. I jokingly said if she was so interested in his bulge maybe she should be sucking him off.
About then he got back and started taking pictures again and I went back to fucking my sexy wife in the ass. After a few minutes, he came close to the bed for some close-ups. I think I was as surprised as him when Lynn reached over and started to fondle his hard cock through his pants and then unzipping his fly. Soon she had his cock out and wasted no time in taking it in her mouth. I continued to fuck her as I watched her sucking my friend off. She ended up having us stand beside each other as she took our cocks and pressed them together getting the head of both in her mouth at once.
As she was sucking us off we were reaching down groping her firm tits. When she could tell we were both about to cum she leaned back cupping her tits & pressing them together and said she wanted us to jerk off and cum on her tits & face. Which was something she loved having me do on occasion. Tony and I started stroking our hard cocks and soon we'd both coated her face and tits in hot cum just as she'd asked us to do. As she started lifting her tits licking off what cum she could reach Tony grabbed the camera and took a few more pictures.
We all were naked but just laid back and sat there like there was nothing out of the ordinary. Lynn went and got us something to drink and we cooled off. Finally Tony left and we fucked like crazy as we talked about what had happened. Tony came over again a couple of days before he moved and took some more pictures of Lynn and I together. Then took some of her sucking us both off at the same time. And she asked if Tony wanted to fuck her tits and lay on the bed as he straddled her pumping his cock between her tits as she pressed them together. As he was getting off of her and was sliding down she spread her legs letting his hard cock rub her wet pussy, and said fuck me.
I was surprised both by her saying fuck because she wouldn't even say the word damn. But more so by Tony when he said he couldn't fuck another guy's wife. I mean really, he'd taken nude pictures of her and she'd sucked his dick as well as shooting off on her & running his hands all over her body. But couldn't morally bring himself to fuck her? But she didn't push it and she was soon on her knees sucking us both off and again had us shoot off on her tits & face, then licked off what she could reach.
I went down & started to eat her pussy as Tony was feeling her up and I was surprised when I saw him start sucking her tits and run his tongue all over them, knowing we'd just shot off all over them. But it looked like he was really enjoying it. So we never mentioned it to him. But it did make me wonder. A couple of nights later his father threw a little going away party and that got interesting too when his sister went out on the deck where Lynn had gone to get some air and later Lynn told me his sister had cupped her ass and told her she'd love for them to hook-up some time.
After Tony moved things went on as usual for a few months though we both talked a lot about how hot it was when she was sucking Tony off while I fucked her. But it didn't take long until we had another friend take his place and before long were having threesomes with several guys we knew as well as a few strangers we met on our weekend trips.
We also started swapping with another couple and on our first night with them, they had suggested the wives pose for some pictures. I took a couple of pictures of Pat as he took photos of Lynn with them both still dressed. Then Ronnie suggested the wives help each other undress as we took pictures. That seemed ok until they had their bra's off and Ronnie suggested Pat cup one of Lynn's tits. I figured Lynn would object but she went along and soon Pat was sucking on one of my wife's tits. Then to my surprise without prompting Lynn took one of Pat's big 36D tits in her mouth and started sucking as they rubbed each other's pussy.
They sucked each other's tits and ran there hands over each other hot bodies ending with them in a hot 69 eating each other to orgasm. Lynn had always seemed to be turned off at the idea of two girls being together but she was sure getting off with Pat. Once they got each other off Ronnie and I joined them on the bed and for the first time I was fucking another guy's wife as he fucked mine. We had just turned nineteen and they were in their mid-thirties. But it was great. Pat had a fantastic 36D-24-36 body and was well-toned and knew how to please a guy and Ronnie was very athletic.
After we went back to our own room Lynn said Ronnie was OK, but then said Pat was great. Lynn had never been with another girl but was now very much into girl on girl. And I was surprised when she said that actually, she'd been thinking about it ever since the night Tony's sister played with her ass. And confessed her pussy had gotten wet when she felt Tina's hand on her ass and her body close to hers. By that point, we'd put an ad in a swinger magazine, but we promptly changed the ad to say we were looking for couples with bi wives.
Things moved pretty quickly after that and within the next year we were swapping with several couples as well as still having threesomes both MFM & FFM. We also were going to adult theaters where Lynn would undress and I'd share her with other guys as well as adult bookstores with glory holes where she'd walk from booth to booth in only stockings & heels and suck guys off through the holes. And on occasion have a threesome.
It was amazing when I look back on it and think about how everyone we knew outside our house thought we were an ultra-conservative couple. But behind doors and out of town we were wild sex freaks of sorts into exhibitionism, voyeurism, threesomes & group sex. As well as wife swapping, public sex & glory holes, and more. And we stayed in that lifestyle for over twenty years never being found out.