"I can't believe we're doing this."
Sable McKellen followed her older sister by three minutes out toward the edge of Piper Cherry's inground swimming pool. For all intents and purposes, the twins were nude, only very narrow patches of their micro bikini's covered what was necessary. Thanks to raiding their mother's stash of swimwear. It was very liberating for Dakota, embarrassing for Sable. Sable's main reason for being worried was due to the fact that their neighbor Knox Hardecker and his buddy Dip had already witnessed poor Sable in even less than her micro bikini. While attempting to show off herself to another neighbor boy Travis Herbert she realized that he wasn't even looking her direction like he normally might. Instead, Knox and Dip got a nice healthy dose of Sable goodness.
"I don't see Travis spying on us. He must be watching TV or something." Sable pointed out.
"Or doing someone else's homework for cash. He did get expelled for that."
"True. He needs to stop doing that for the jocks. If they can't pass a course on their own, they don't need to play sports."
"Horton-Dexter couldn't survive without Angus Furlong and Antoine Boss. When they graduate the school will lose two of the best football players we have."
"Does it matter? We graduate this year too. Your volleyball academic won't even get you a scholarship. Why? Because you quit."
"Why are we talking about sports? Let's swim then sunbathe while we can. At least we don't have any prying eyes." Dakota sighed sitting on the edge of the pool and dangling her feet in the water. "Oh, my gosh! The water is freezing. How is that possible when it's probably 85 out right now?"
"The pool was covered up until yesterday. The temperature probably dropped with the water not exposed to the sun." Sable joins her sister side by side, legs in the water.
"As if my nipples weren't hard already." Dakota fudged with her bikini top, the narrow patches barely covering her areolas as it were, with her nipples solid the clothe narrowed even more. Sable's was not far behind.
"I know right. Do you really think Piper will keep our secret about wearing mom's bikini's?"
"I guess we'll find out if daddy spanks us finally." Dakota rolled her eyes to mask her true thoughts. Ever since Henry McKellen spanked her years ago, she found a fascination in it. Spanking was kind of fun, even when it hurt. Too much considering how wrong it probably was. With their 18th birthday just under two weeks away Henry should probably have given his punishment a second thought. He was used to paddling the girls their entire lives over some reason or another. Now however, with their maturity established more, at least Dakota found it less punishment, more thrilling. Sable on the other hand hated being whipped, not that Henry wailed on them, but it did still light a fire. They got off lucky yesterday.
"I know you like it but I don't. It would feel really strange laying over Daddy's lap in my bikini bottoms."
"Violated?"
"No, kind of... but no. I meant I used to feel his... you know... when he used to spank us. There were times it... twitched."
"Oh my God! Saaaaable... why are you talking about daddy's wiener?" Dakota loved embarrassing her sister, truth known Dakota felt her dad's dick come alive too many times in the past, only at Sable's admission did she make it look shameful.
"Darn it, Dakota... stoooop making me feel bad." A lingering stare between sisters they suddenly started giggling. "Race you to the other side of the pool." A flare of eyes meeting her challenge Dakota lifted herself off the edge and down into the water. Both girls submerging came up shivering instead of swimming.
"You did that on purpose. The water is freezing." Dakota covered her chest shoulder deep in the water. Sharing in her frigid moment Sable psyched her sister out and threw herself backwards into the water and started swimming. Shrieking at being suckered Dakota took after her like a light. On top of the water both girls looked totally nude. Certain boys took notice when stepping out on to a bedroom balcony to smoke.
"Dip, look." Knox Hardecker pointed over the fence line at two bathing beauties. "Fuck it's Dakota and Sable, they're skinny dipping. When did they get so brave?"
"I don't know, but I want a closer look. I've crushed on Sable for the last two years. Tinsel teeth or no."
"Come on Bro." Flicking his cigarette over into the Herbert's yard Knox threw a leg over his railing. With only being two stories up the drop from his balcony was easy enough for both boys without breaking a leg. Once on the ground they scurried to Piper Cherry's connecting fence and climbed up and over, hiding behind the small shed at the back of Piper's pool, where the pump and accessories were housed. Spying became a waiting game.
After five minutes of teasing one another and splashing around the girls climbed the ladder leading out of the pool and shuffled to their discarded towels to dry off, then spread them out side by side. Sunbathing the best idea to warm up, they stretched out on their bellies and settled down in an immobile state. With the girls lifeless the snoops took their first few steps closer until they were almost directly over the girls. Realizing upon closer inspection that they had extremely thin strings that weren't noticed earlier, they were not nude after all. Regardless the beautiful landscape of their curves was enough to keep them staring and rubbing their crotches.
"Put some lotion on me Dakota." Sable mumbled.
"You put lotion on me." It became an argument without anger. Each pushing their sunblock bottles toward one another back and forth. Rolling his eyes Knox just made his move. Easing between the girls stealthily, their eyes closed against the sun, he leaned over and grabbed both bottles. Kneeling in a teeter to maintain balance and not give away his presence he used his teeth to pop the bottle caps open. Dip stood back just waiting for him to be busted.
Tilting the bottles over their bodies he began squirting lotion over their backsides. Both girls presumed the other was caving in and just sighed. Knox Hardecker was one slick dude. The girls were about to get slick themselves. Once resting the bottles down with precision silence, he motioned Dip to kneel next to Sable and rub in the lotion, while Knox devoted his time to Dakota.
In the intense heat outside both girls quickly found their rubdowns too relaxing, a twilight slumber effecting both. Not even faint moans captured their attentions. Knox and Dip grinned like the devil at their naivety. Fingers slipping under the thin strings of their micro bikinis was easy enough until they got to their cute little asses. Enjoying the touch of flesh on flesh while caressing lotion over their adorably perfect cheeks the temptation to lift the tiny patches became irresistible. A careful pinch exposed their clams and tiny BUTTon puckers. Whistling under their breath at finally seeing the girls both boys had fantasized over they just had to ruin it.
Standing carefully Knox straddled Dakota's ass then waited for Dip to do the same to Sable. Once in position Knox counted his fingers to three then both boys lurched over the girls and lay on top of them. The sudden weight made both girls revive with squeals. Dry humping the girls gave both boys a good laugh.
"GET OFF!" Both girls tried to escape but their weight was just too great.
"Chillax! We're just fucking you... I mean fucking with you." Knox chuckled and ground his erection along Dakota's butt crack, her eyes like saucers. Sable in the same boat bulged her own eyes as both girls looked at one another. Feeling Dip do the same gyrations Sable pouted with a grimace, lips trembling at how gross Dip was. Dakota on the other hand began sheepishly smiling.
"Knox Hardecker... you're such a..." Her attempts to prove otherwise were idle threats.
"Stud? Why thank you Dakota."
"Damn! Even with chlorine you smell good." He inhaled her neckline making Dakota whine nasally then giggle.
"Stop it Knox, that tickles."
Dip aka Dudley Poole tried the same maneuver with Sable, but she reacted with more anger, "STOP IT DIP. EWWWWWWWWW!"
"You know you like it Sable."
"No, I don't." Suddenly, she too caved to giggles. Having never been this intimate if you could call it that with a boy before Sable recalled them seeing her naked in her bedroom window and found it arousing. Dip was no Knox in the looks department, but he was interested. A kiss to her neck makes Sable tremble. "Oh my gosh."
Knox joined Dip in going further and kissed Dakota's neck, sliding her hair to the side. Dakota tensed up, her ass actually rising up under Knox to crush against his erection already snug along her crack. Grinning at her reaction Knox felt less worry that at least Dakota might not run should he get up. Whispering into her ear Knox offered a solution. "How about I lotion up your front?" She bit her lower lip at his barely audible request. Nodding without Sable seeing her Knox lifted away and let her roll over on to her back. Dakota wanted to know what it felt like to be touched all over by a cute boy, even if she technically wasn't into Knox himself. Guinea pig at best.
Sable realizing her sister had turned over dropped her jaw, "What are you doing?"
"Letting Knox lotion my front."
"Are you bonkers? You know he's going to cop a feel."
"HEY! I'm right here Sable. Sensitivity training 101." Knox looked offended then squirted lotion all over Dakota's tits and tummy, a few droplets right into her bikini region along the thin narrow patch over her pussy. Moving a bit for a full effect Knox set out rubbing her shoulders then her chest, fingers sliding beneath the strings leading to her nipple covering.
Seeing her arch her back and moan ever so slightly Sable whimpered then looked at Dip over her shoulder, "Oil me like that." He was more than happy to hear her request. Sliding off of her Sable joined her sister on her back and winced against the sun in her eyes. Oil sprinkled all across Sable she whines holding her breath. Once Dip's hand set out on their quest, she gasped holding her jaw wide with awe. Huge hands covered a lot of territory fast.
"I can't believe we're doing this." Sable reached over and grabbed her sister's hand as emotional support.
"Like this Dakota?" Knox narrowed his eyes as he smirked. She merely nodded with sparkling eyes. Hands avoided her bikini top covering at first, almost as if seeing her reaction to changing his trajectory. Sure, enough Dakota pouted, until his hands went to work on her tummy, sliding lower and lower toward the pussy patch. Again, Knox retreated just as a single finger dipped under that pussy patch a mere thumbnails width away from clitoral contact. Dakota squealed and threw a tiny tantrum. Knox sighed looking over at Dip. "How's Sable handling it Buddy?"
Dip's own hands weren't as evasive, he had oiled her shoulders and had both hands under her micro thin straps moving South. Going under her nipple patches he palmed her tits as she almost had a panic attack. A simple pinch made Sable let out a deafening, "OH MY GOSH!" Dakota felt cheated, her brace faced sister got her titties squeezed before she had.
"Someone is jealous." Knox stretched out on his side next to Dakota and returned a single hand to her chest. Rubbing her his fingers slipped under her right patch and teased her nipple making Dakota pant without much effort. Peeling the patch aside revealing her nipple, even Dip took interest. His attention waning Sable shared a moment of her own jealousy. Watching Knox flick Dakota's nipple as if he were casting away his cigarette made Sable take matters into her own hands. Tugging her own patch aside meant nothing really, Dip's palm was already covering her breast. She just wanted to show off that fact. Dakota noticed Dip's grip and just pulled her other patch aside until both nipples were exposed. Knox nodded, "Nice! This calls for more lotion." A tilt of her bottle he coated Dakota again.
Glossing her up she cooed and shivered at his hands every caress. Heading south Knox did not stop. His fingers went straight under her patch and found her clit. Caught by surprise Dakota's hand squeezed her sisters tightly. In the cut off circulation Sable lifted her head to witness Knox rubbing her sister beneath the uplifted patch. She could literally see his fingers massaging.
"Dakotaaaaaaaaa!" Sable wheezed wondering why her sibling was allowing him to touch her down there.
"Try it, you might like it." Dip slid his hand down Sable's belly and attempted his own snatch latch. She was so not ready for that. Shoving him off even as he rubbed her, she had to force her sister to release hands. Just when things looked bleak for Sable a thunderous voice entered the scene.
"GET YOUR MITTS OFF OF MY GIRL."
"T-Travis?" Sable dropped her jaw.
Her hero.
*********
Horton-Dexter High School...
"Feeling better?" Carl Manley, resident Principal ducked into Josie McKellen's classroom just before her second bell rang. Carl was a large rather muscular man with a crew cut and rugged features. Wearing a white dress shirt and a pinned dark maroon necktie he was dashing even without the matching suitcoat. He rarely wore the coat accept from his car to his office.
"Morning Carl. Yes, I'm much better thank you. I just... had a rough few days, Henry and I..."
"Say no more. Even Marge and I have our spats."
"I think it's going to get better. We've... ironed things out to both of our advantages." She coyly winks at him.
"Ah! Sounds intriguing. Nice dress by the way."
"Too short?" She grins devilishly even though it was almost down to her knees.
"I keep telling you to go shorter."
"This high?" She tugs the skirt up more.
"Little higher maybe." He chuckled.
"You're as bad as Roman." She sticks her tongue out and literally hikes her skirt up to her panties. He caught a very quick glimpse of purple lace.
"Good to see you back Josie. If you're nice I might rewrite the dress code policy. I do have that authority."
"Yay! I can wear my miniskirts to work."
"You know I'd let you. Shorter the better. The kids would never skip any of your classes that's for certain."
"You killed the mood saying kids Carl."
"Young adults then."
"Ok, I'm wet again." She giggles, "Oh! Before I forget, did you hire a replacement counsellor yet?"
"No, I haven't had time to look over applications."
"Great! Listen, my new neighbor Piper would be a perfect fit. She's got degrees she's never even used. I mentioned the job here being open and she seemed curious."
"Jesse was way ahead of you. He mentioned her this morning before I left for work. Have her apply."
"I think you're going to want to invite her in personally." Josie grins and uses her hands to share a very curvy dance of hands.
"We playing charades? Jesse also showed me pictures of her. Naked pics even. My boy either has game or she sure is a free spirit."
"Dammit Carl, she's 27 with a body that makes even me crazy. Trust me on this... her name is Piper Cherry."
"Interesting name. Jot down her number, I'll give her a call in a few days. Yes, before I even look at any other applicants. With a body like her you can bet I'm not hiring any older women, let alone a man for the job. She might have to wear clothes on the job though." He laughed. "You can tell her I said that I might make exceptions as to what she wears. We need someone around here that's bold. I keep getting pressured by the other districts over not hiring better looking women. One's who won't cry sexual harassment."
"We have very beautiful teachers here too. I'm no slouch darn it. Now I'm more determined than ever to wear shorter skirts." She giggled. "Until we retire some of the older ones though we might only have me, Mallory Unger, Mavis Hale, although she's married and convinced, she shouldn't be sexy because of her hubby David being a detective. Then there is Chandra Mahcarti, but her cultural thing might get in the way of trying too hard. She is stunning though."
"Agreed! Same for Mimi Alexander if she would change her frumpy attitude. Cat lady is gorgeous if I don't say so myself. Another era I might jump on her." He winked. "I better hush." He waves his wedding band and kisses it. "But yeah! We do need a facelift around here. Maybe this Piper is just what the doctor ordered."
"I can almost guarantee she would test the wardrobe thing. She has money and she doesn't care what anyone thinks of her. Heck, she refuses to buy curtains and blinds for her home. She plans on being a nudist. Piper is just so much fun to be around. I... there is so much I'd love to tell you Carl, but I don't want you to think badly of me."
"That would never happen Josie. If I did, I'd have put a stop to your dating Roman on the side."
"I had to end it with Roman. Although... Carl... Henry said I could still have sex with Roman. He... between you and I?"
"I'm listening."
"Henry and Piper had sex Saturday night. We were fighting over Roman and then he just met Piper and walked right next door and fucked her on her living room floor. That happening changed everything. Henry says as long as I'm honest with him I can keep playing. I just have to let him do the same."
"Can you be honest with Henry?"
"Mostly!" She offers a sheepish look his way. "I like being sneaky too. I will be honest, just not every single time. I hope my girls never find out everything. They saw... a lot more than they should have this weekend. I let them stay home today to hopefully get over the trauma." Nice excuse!
"Henry hit you?"
"Oh no! Carl... if I say too much you might judge Piper the wrong way. I just know she would fit in here. If I tell you... "
"No matter how bad it is I will give her a chance."
"You're such a sweetheart Sarge." Carl was a Sargent in the Military for 24 years now retired. He was strict but also very good at making a point, thus why he got the job here at Horton-Dexter. "She and I had sex with one another. But that's not what my girls witnessed. She and I... had a gangbang with her furniture movers. It was so incredible Carl. I can't believe I fessed up to that. I know you won't judge me either. And get this, Henry knew. He actually sat next to me when I was getting three cocks at once."
"Interesting." He winked. "Now I'm more curious over this Piper than ever."
"Oh, that dress code thing? In her case you might want to adopt that new policy. You just have to take my word on it."
"That spontaneous, huh?"
"You said I'd never have kids... young adults, skip my classes... if you hire Piper no kid would ever skip school. Bet on that."
"Hmmm! Sneak me a new pic."
"Nope! I want you to be blown away by her in person. Besides, you have Jesse's photos to drool over."
"Fair enough! Break out your miniskirts and short dresses. Let's test the waters. More cleavage too."
"The students will want to wear just as short."
"I... might be persuaded to loosen things up around here." Carl Manley looks up at a camera mounted above Josie's classroom and sighs. A pin light on it blinked. "I'll consider more once I meet this, Piper Cherry. For now... you just be your crazy self-McKellen." He turned away and left her to agree, she felt incredibly smug. Bell ringing her day was beginning again.
Crazy she was. Like a fox! She was a fox!
********
Across town at the Hillbilly Hyatt... a six-story building in older Nashville where a strip mall of adjacent buildings clung to its foundations. Above the mall were smaller offices, some Law Firms, a Financial Advisor network, and finally a Video Gaming studio called Calculated RisQ, one that awaited Henry McKellen rather impatiently.
Rushing in through the studios upstairs entrance Henry saluted the secretary, "Morning Candace. Amanda ready for me?"
"If she's not, I am." She flirted, batting her big blue eyes. "I purchased your game Frisque, I'm six hours into it, it's incredible. I'm never cum so hard in my life."
"Wow! Glad I could be of service." He chuckled. "Can I go on in?"
"Mmmm! Talk dirty to me some more first." She giggled and waved him on through. Candace was 54, so not hot, so not ugly, she just needed work and ignored her appearance these days. She certainly had hopes he might be interested. Not today! Knocking on Amanda Pruett's door Henry opened it and ducked his head inside.
"Sorry, I'm late."
"You better be. Time is money." Amanda smirked and waved him in. Upon entering he noticed someone else was present. One very attractive young someone. A very tiny, young someone. A very, busty young someone.
"I didn't realize we were sharing my new episodes with anyone else."
"Henry? This is Tessa Harper; she's going to be working with you on your storyboards."
"I need help?"
"Just to make them more current. As you can see Tessa here is 19. She has the inside scoop on the younger generation. We want to make your series steamier and add a younger point of view."
"Hi Mister McKellen. It's a pleasure to meet you." Tessa smiles brightly, her big blue eyes checking him out from head to toe, "I'm a huge fan of Frisque. HUGE!"
"Good to know. Yes, I'm checking out your legs."
"I know." She ran her palm from her very short leather skirt to her knee.
"Well, aren't we off to a wonderful start." Amanda noted a connection, "Should I get you two a room?"
"Not going to apologize Miss Harper."
"I'd be upset if you did. I hope my cleavage meets your standards; I know your characters are very busty."
"36C?"
"36C, good eye! I weigh in at 115. 5'1 and three quarters. I'm pretty sure you could put me into every position imaginable, against my will, if... I was unwilling." She giggles.
"Dammit, Harper!" Amanda sighs loudly, "Now you know why I hired this girl. She's got the seductiveness your series requires. All I'm asking is we freshen up your series, the fanbase is growing fast, but the feedback we're getting is that it seems dated."
Mulling it over Henry thought of Piper, he had his own ideas of utilizing her as a role model for his game. Yet, this hot young blond with piercing blue eyes did indeed exude sensuality.
"So let me get this straight, Tessa here is just providing her point of view?"
"Oh, no! I'm doing voiceovers to put my own erotic spin on the main character. I'm also a graphic artist. Yes, I know I'm young, but I'm that good. Zipped through my courses faster than I zipped up this skirt."
"Wait! The main character isn't 19, she's 28. I'd rather we create a brand-new character if you intend to jump in mainstream."
"We can do that. How about my new character being Emma's niece?"
"Not bad, there's potential in that." He leans on Amanda's desk and looks back at her. Amanda herself needed exercise, certainly not into her cardio and yoga workouts. Long wavy brown hair and green eyes added an allure to her medium build body. Being busty herself even in a business suit with a lowcut white cotton shirt beneath, she gave Henry a hint of her own sexuality. Even at 42 she was a contender back in the day. A little work she might just be hot.
"Her idea, or my tits?" Amanda scowled at Henry checking her cleavage out.
"Just thinking of incorporating you into Frisque too. AUNTIE MANDY." He winked at his boss.
"Hmmm? Momma likes." She puckered, "Darn it Henry, I'm going to need to take an early lunch in my car." Everyone had a good laugh. "Alright! Let's take a look at your new episodes." Amanda gets up from her seat and motions the two of them to follow her out of her office. Being a gentleman Henry let Tessa step out first, mostly to check out her extremely tight ass in her extremely short, very clingy leather skirt. He could actually see the crease of her butt crack through the snug material. Knowing full well where his eyes were Tessa smirked, her white top almost camisole without a bra only demanded further inspection. Walking backwards after a few steps she eyes Henry.
"I know I can be a big help, Mister McKellen. I know what I'm doing." She winks and dares to lift her chest for a look at his expression without words. Her nipples were mighty indeed.
"You better, I tend to get irritable if I'm called out. Just ask my daughters." He envisioned spanking his daughters briefly telling himself he should have, especially Dakota after seeing that she paddled herself. Recalling her reflection in his bedroom mirror Henry had to shake off his evil thoughts. To do that he then switched it up by spanking Tessa. "Firm hand." He lifts his palm with a grin.
"Mmmm! Me too." She poses her own hand then curls her fingers to share an invisible hand job. He shook his head and took time to take her by her shoulders and turn her around. Amanda stood scowling at the entrance to a very tiny theater room. Sound proofed, with a 100-inch TV screen on the wall and a computer in a corner. On the floor rested a large comfy sectional.
"If you two are done flirting, let's get to it." Once within the room Amanda shut the door and locked it. "Bottled water in the mini fridge help yourselves. Get comfy I'll get this show started." She turns away from them to move to the computer and place Henry's offered up disk into its disk drive. Meanwhile Henry chose to sit dead center on the sectional facing the screen.
"Hey! That's my seat." Tessa giggled standing between his legs facing him.
"We can share it." He winks. Without a second offer Tessa straddles his lap and faces him, His dick leaped to full tilt in 3 seconds flat. Amanda looked over at her new employee and shook her head.
"You're one popular guy Henry."
"Looks that way. Are you really going to sit on me during this and not give input?" He looks up at Tessa who bounces three times over him then slips off his lap to sit hip to hip with him.
"Just mood setting to get my frame of mind for reading your scripts." She settled in. Amanda chose to sit opposite of Henry also hip to hip.
"Are we all on a date here?" He chuckled.
"Best seats in the house." Amanda sighed then patted his leg as she extended her other arm to press the remote in her hand. "Let's play." Henry puckered his lips and nodded. "Lets!" Tessa's eyes glued toward Henry led him to reach over and grip her chin loosely to face her forward. She took the hint, for now. Lights dimming the episode began. He suddenly realized he had nowhere to place his hands outside of folding them. Shrugging he just placed an arm around both women's shoulders and settled in. Tessa snuggled up, Amanda merely checked out his hand over her and patted it. It seemed harmless enough.
********
The Piggly Wiggly grocery store on Dickerson Avenue... Piper Cherry was still amused by that.
Finding a parking spot wasn't easy having to circle the lot until another car pulled out, then it became a mad dash amongst competing shoppers. She had good insurance, so she hit the gas until a man had to brake fast to avoid a collision. She was proud of her driving skills. "They must be having a sale on pork belly. I bet Jeff Gordon there misses his pitstop."
She shut her engine off and snatched up her clothing coordinated purse which was white with a really long chain strap, and a gold ring ornament at its clasp. Sunglasses lowered she leaves her SUV and locks it via remote before putting her keys in her purse. The male driver who had challenged her started to roll his window down and share a piece of his mind when he noticed just how hot she was. Persona switching from anger mode to "Sweet Jesus!", he lowered his driver's side window and whistled. "You almost tagged me there."
"Sorry, if I weren't in a hurry, I'd have let you have that spot." She strutted by him pretty as you please, titties dancing wildly in her loose tank. "Tag you, later." Not standing a chance in hell the man merely sat there watching her wiggle away through his side door mirror. It wasn't until he heard a honk that he proceeded on. Even the honker had to pause to observe Piper's yellow shorts and the deep crease between her ass cheeks. One honk led to a procession of horns. Piper loved their serenade. "Toots for tits." She chuckled.
Entering the grocery store she grabbed a shopping cart and headed inside. Produce section right up front she waited in favor of a list she had made on her cell preferring to get dry items before anything frozen. Every aisle she scoured for things on her list she discovered admirers. Husbands didn't even mask their curiosity from their ladies, be they wives or girlfriends. More eyes were rolled than any actual complaints over her attire, or their momentary fantasies.
Single men tended to follow her around the store for lengthier views. She knew, which stoked her teasing, be it bending over so that her ass reared up for an imaginary spanking or letting her short hemline on her tank fan wide open and literally expose her 38D's while dangling. As if she needed can sauerkraut, but she utilized it as her target to not appear obvious.
Stock boys even slowed up in shelving their items to wipe drool from their chins. She took her time enjoying their stares as much as they enjoyed her curves. "Can I help you find anything ma'am?"
"I'll know it when I see... it." She leered over her shoulder to realize that she actually knew this man. "If it isn't Mister Door Dashing. Jesse, correct?"
"Good memory." Jesse Manley grinned from ear to ear.
"Shopping for your father? Josie told me he was her boss."
"I was there when Mrs. M told you." He chuckled. "Naaa! I'm working, this is just one of those shopping list dashes. By the looks of the list, I'm thinking little old lady."
"Preparation H?" She moves closer and eyes what was in his cart. "Good guess. The Denture Grip only confirms it."
"I was thinking it was the tampons."
"You're a brave boy Jesse."
"I can be braver if you let me." He chuckles. "I still recall you coming to the door... you know..."
"If you're not brave enough to finish that comment, I'll lose faith in your masculinity."
"Fuck I still go home and jerk off over that delivery."
"There he is. So, not to rain on your parade, but what's your father like? Josie wants me to consider applying at her school as the new Counsellor."
"I was there for that too. Remember I said now I wish I hadn't graduated?" He laughed as she bumped his shoulder playfully for her forgetfulness, "My dad's tough as nails, he was a drill sergeant at Fort Knox, up in Kenfucky. I'm not saying he's mean, or nothing just doesn't take no shit from his students."
"I see."
"Me too." He eyes her nipples poking through her tightening tank top now that she was upright.
"So, do you think he might approve of me?"
"Dad's openminded about the job as long as he's got everything in control. I did mention you. He said he would talk to Mrs. M today."
"What about...?" She flutters her fingers over her body as a hint to what she was really talking about.
"Oh! Well, he isn't blind. He loves my momma but, even I know he looks. Pretty sure he's going to check you out more than a few times."
"Should I dress up or down for my interview if I decide to apply?"
"Dress maybe. Wearing this... might disrupt classes." He grins.
"Would that be so awful?" She razzes him with her tongue.
"Not on my part. I think you should feel out my dad before wearing things like this. Like I said he's getting more and more openminded. Listen, I hate to cut this shorter than your crop top, but I better get my shopping done or I'll lose my rating." He pauses, "I gave you my number, if you need me to shop for you I'd be glad too."
"Well, I was thinking of making an order at Victoria's Secrets. You could go select and pick up my panties."
"And my jaw." He chuckles. "Fuck, I'd do that for you in a heartbeat."
"We'll see. I'm considering giving up wearing underwear. Have a good day, Jesse."
"Bye, Ma'am."
"It's Piper. Oh, one more thing..."
"Yes'em?"
"Go home and jerk off over this meeting too." She lifts her tank and flashes her tits, shaking them about. In doing so she heard glass breaking down the aisle. Spaghetti sauce all over the floor, the man holding it looking at her tits for himself had lost his grip.
"Yep! Cantaloupes are on her list too." He laughed raising his hands up toward them as if wanting to palm them. Amused by his bravado she looks around first then steps up to him and literally puts her own chest into his very capable hands.
"Make sure they're not bruised or mushy."
Jostling her breasts, a bit while admiring them he released her and chuckled, patting his tented erection. "Now that's a guarantee. I probably won't make it out of the parking lot before I do that. Good luck with the Counsellor job if you decide to apply."
"Thank you, Jesse. Tootles!" She turns away and moves on to finish her shopping. With Jesse's back turned toward the mess in the aisle Piper flashed the pasta guy one more time. Crash! Second jar on the tile. Clean up in aisle 5!
Her mischief led to the fresh veggies for lettuce, and an eventful encounter with two cantaloupes now that Jesse had made her taste buds water craving them. A forearm sized cucumber sounded appealing too. Teasing men was just too much fun as she stood there stroking it before their eyes. Looking around first as a pair of stock boys watched her, she slid the cucumber under her tank top in between her breasts then crushed her tits together around it. Their brains fried as she winked playfully, "I guess I could never get away with stealing this big boy, could I?" She told them. They had to go take a break shortly after she moved on. "I put the cum in cuCUMber!"
Steaks and other assorted meats the last on her list she chose the best of the bunch. Between her cookout items and enough food for a few days to snack on she checked out. Even the store manager volunteered to give his cashier a break and totaled up Piper's groceries. When he got to the two melons on the conveyor belt, she had them side by side with the cucumber tilted up like a huge penis and balls between them. Chuckling the manager didn't bother to even ring those up. "I guess I can steal them without being caught." She giggled as he winked back. He had a hard on the entire time. Even her bag boy got in on it by acting as if he put a condom on the cucumber using a clear plastic bag. Piper thanked him, "Thank me, cum again." She was the talk of supermarket the rest of the day.
Pushing her cart to her SUV she unloaded her things and offered her empty cart to someone in need. "That was fun. Now I can go Weeeeeeee Weeeeeee all the way home."
It was Piggly Wiggly after all.
********
Poolside at Piper's home...
"Travis?" Sable McKellen rolled over abruptly as both Knox and Dip stood up to face the opposition. Although scrawny and not really intimidating Travis displayed both fists as if a boxer. Dakota rolled her eyes even though Sable found it charming.
"Wassup, Perbert?" Knox chuckled; he was used to referring to his pervert neighbor by that combining pervert with the boys last name of Herbert. Dakota snickered even though Sable sneered at her sister over it.
"Leave them alone."
"Were we bothering you ladies?" Dip turned to the twins.
"Not me." Dakota shrugged.
"Quit that, Dakota. You know they were getting too handsy."
"For you maybe." Dakota stuck her tongue out at her blushing sister. Dakota was always more outgoing.
"Awww!" Knox pouted playfully, "So cute you thinking you can kick our asses. Are you thinking, what I'm thinking Dip?"
"Maybe."
Both boys rushed Travis and overpowered him as he struggled. While Knox held his arms pinned in a bear hug, Dip depantsed the boy, grimacing at having an underwear free show of his wanker bobbing about. "Someone thinks he's a commando." Once they pulled his cargo shorts off Knox escorted him closer to the girls to embarrass him, shaking Travis from side to side so that his dick wagged in front of Sable. Dakota laughed at Travis; Sable whimpered at his plight. Lifting Travis off the ground the terrorists brought him closer to Sable, in her still sitting position she found herself evading Travis' swinging single trying not to touch it in her defensive reaction. Dakota busted up.
"Give him a kiss Sable." Dip chuckled.
"Leave me alone you assholes." Travis fought back trying not to kick Sable. Finally, Knox removed him from Sable's proximity and waltzed Travis over to the pool. Travis was screaming like a girl as Knox tossed him into the deep end. Amid an explosive splashdown they all heard Travis yell, "I CAN'T SWIM."
Boys laughing at his thrashing about to stay above water led to Sable hopping up. "Dakota?????? We have to help him. He really doesn't know how to swim."
"Say what?" Dakota's expression went from hilariousness to worry in a syllable. "Oh, crap!" Joining Sable, the girls rushed Knox and Dip shoving them out of the way. Both boys laughed and held the girl's prisoner as they wrestled about. With very little effort the micro thin bikini's tore away and were left dangling threads on both girls. Having had enough Knox just shoved both girls into the water. Not caring about their tattered bikini's, the twins swam over to Travis who was sinking to the bottom and together utilized their strength to haul him into shallower water.
"Fuck this! Fun's over, let's go Dip." Knox encouraged his buddy to abandon their hijinks now that it was going South. Dip shook his head and back over the fence they went.
Choking on taken in water Travis feigned helplessness just to let the girl's fret. He had seen enough movies to know a juicy mouth to mouth could happen. "We have to lay him..." Dakota vocalized then noticed her top was off and her chest bare. A snapped glance at Sable she pointed out her similar situation. "Flat on his back. I remember CPR from Health class."
"Mom is going to kill us." Sable whined as the sisters ignored their shredded bikinis, in favor of assisting one another in dragging Travis to a corner of the pool that had a stone step out. Luckily Travis was not heavy, but just heavy enough. The girls struggled hard until he lay on the concrete. Panicking Sable fanned her arms about uncertain what to do. Recalling her CPR course, she still froze up.
Dakota swiftly informed her sister, "I'm not putting my mouth on his. I'll do his chest compressions, you blow him... I mean into his mouth."
"Okay, I can do this." Sable hovers over his face while nervously looking over him at his erection. "Hide that! I can't concentrate."
"Ugggh!" Dakota straddles his stomach, legs to both sides of him and counts the width her fingers needed to be before pumping his chest. "Pinch his nose then blow into his mouth." It seemed Dakota remembered CPR better than Sable.
Joining forces, the girls did what they thought was correct. Travis remained lifeless even though he wanted to kiss Sable bad. This was just too good of a plan to waste. Looking over her shoulder after feeling his erection touch her bare ass Dakota groaned, "How can he be hard at a time like this? His wiener just touched my cheek. Shit! My bottoms are..." Yup! Floating in the pool.
"Stop worrying and get the water out of his lungs." Sable continued exhaling into his mouth, her own nipples tickling his shoulder. "Check his pulse." Dakota winced and leaned over Travis planting her ear to his chest to hear any heartbeat. Her nipples grazing his chest Travis was in pure Heaven. In his devious little mind this was going to be priceless.
"He's not responding." Sable fret.
"I can't hear his heartbeat."
"Scoot back further." Sable was clueless.
"If I go back any further his... thing will be between my legs." Dakota shook her head, "Not going there. Shit! Switch places with me." Dakota hops away to his other side and fans her fingers squealing, "I don't want to do this." As Sable moved over Travis to sit on him as Dakota had she tries listening for a heartbeat as her sister had, unable to hear it she plants her palms on his chest and searches. "HEY!" Dakota snaps, "I'm not sucking his face for fun. Press over his heart just not too hard in case his sternum hurts him."
"I don't know where to press." She whimpers trying to remember where her sister had her hands. In the process she caressed his chest all over. "There!" Dakota breaks her lip lock and points out the right area. Scooting back more to gain leverage Sable finds Travis' erection sliding along her own butt crack. Shocked she pouts between her arms to attempt a glance at it. With no luck she raises her hips to peek between her thighs to see his arousal. "I think he's gotten bigger."
"You're paying attention to that at a time like this?"
"HEY! You did when you switched places."
"Not the time Sable."
"RIGHT!" She ignores his taunting of her butt crack and just guesses on his chest compression area. Pushing softly, she didn't even realize her hips were almost grinding like a lap dance. With his eyes fluttering hidden by Dakota's enclosed mouth over his, Travis rolled his eyes back. This was a fantasy come true. "I don't know if I'm even helping here. Maybe we should just call 9-1-1."
"I can feel him stirring." Dakota pulled away from his mouth to look at his face. His eyes were pure white as he tensed up. Sable bounced up and down on his lap excitedly.
"I think we did it."
"Why's he convulsing?" Dakota realized he was shaking about and squealed, fearing they had hurt him instead of helping. Sable freaked out and leaned over his body crushing hers against his while pleading, "We're sorrrrrrry." Hugging him he snarled and lifted his hips under her, suddenly Dakota noticed his pecker rising up under her sister's legs and drooped her jaw. His dick was frothing from his crown. She had never seen an ejaculation, so this worried her. Afraid to point it out and frighten Sable she just wheezed. Weeping Sable kept apologizing and holding him tightly.
Deciding to crawl around them on all fours Dakota kept an intrigued eye on the creamy tip of his crown, it was now trickling down the sides. Mesmerized by it she noted just how close Sable's thighs were to it. Awestruck she felt evil and moved closer before flicking his cock's foreskin. In his pecker's movement droplets shot over Sable's bottom. Feeling it Sable lifted her head from the shoulder of Travis and looked down at his face. "Did you just?? TRAVIS!" She swiftly rolled off of him and covered her body with her arms. Dakota busted up laughing and intentionally flicked his dick again to fire droplets toward her sister. "STOOOOOOP!" Seconds after, Sable began giggling too. "TRAAAAAVVVVVIIIIISSSSSSS!"
Rising up to his knees he grabs his cock and starts jerking off really hard. While he did get so worked up that he came without physical contact, now that he had a grip, he just couldn't help himself. Chasing Sable became a quest for him. Dakota rolled on the ground laughing, not even stressed over her own nudity. When Travis noticed he changed course and moved over her, she squealed and rolled away shrieking. Into the pool she went, it was safer there. Losing her as a victim Travis resumed pursuing Sable, chasing her in circles. She could not stop laughing even in evading him, eventually jumping into the pool with Dakota. Hugging one another as support they watched him from a safe distance. Finally, Travis had to stop and just tilt his head back. The sensations within him led him to just teeter on the pools edge.
"What's he doing?" Sable trembled.
"He's going to fall forward into the water again." His stagger was one big balancing act, but it was enough for both girls to swim closer and float beneath him to protect his fall into deep water again. A pretty naïve move considering Travis was ready to detonate. Seconds later Travis loses his battle and fires off multiple strands of jizz. Snarling in a low-pitched voice he nutted directly on to both sisters. Palms rising against his Jetstream as protection they failed miserably. Cum splattered on their shoulders, hands, and foreheads.
"EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! TRAVIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSS!" They both squealed and ducked under the water to avoid any further assault.
Once he was done, he chuckled and sat down on the pools edge, dangling his feet in and awaited the girls to emerge. A second later both surfaced and pulled their wet long brown hair back and pinched their eyes against the chlorine.
"You saved me." Travis laughed, "How can I ever repay you?"
"You're such an ass Travis." Dakota sneered.
Sable feeling less bitter, more curious chose to wade closer until she was right between his legs. Covering his junk, he worried she might bag his nuts. Instead, she looked up at him with flirtatious eyes. "You... called me your girlfriend."
"What?" He froze, eyes bulging. "I... was just trying to protect you guys."
"I didn't need protecting." Dakota rolled her eyes. "Can you... put your pants back on, and maybe not look at us?"
"You can look at me." Sable whispered for only he to hear, then raised her voice, "Yeah, Travis put your pants on." He grinned and rolled to his feet nearly losing balance and hearing the girl's squeal. Catching himself he located his cargo pants and put them on. Returning to the side of the pool he extended an offered hand down as if to help them up. Swimming up to Sable, Dakota took a second to whisper into her sister's ear.
"Need a hand getting out of the water?"
"We can get out on our own Travis. Turn around." He shook his head no with a mischievous grin and folded his arms over his bare chest. "Oh, come on!" Dakota rolled her eyes. "Next time we'll let you drown."
"Let me lotion you both up." He defied them. "If Knox and Dip can do it, I can do it."
"Nooo! We hate you." Dakota splashes water up at him.
Sable pouted at her sister then splashed her back, "I don't."
"Ugggggggggggh!" Dakota gave up and swam toward the metal rail ladder and pulled herself up. Travis actually ignored her and went to retrieve the towels that they had been laying on. Tossing one blindly at Dakota he returned to Sable still in the water and gentlemanly held hers out as if awaiting her to let him cover her up. Dakota wrapping herself, again rolled her eyes, "I'm going home."
Waiting until she went inside Sable crawled out of the pool after retrieving what was left of both of their mother's micro bikinis. Helping her out, she stood shivering in front of him. He swallowed at her nervous gaze, her hands covering her private parts. Trying not to look he went behind her and draped her towel over her upper body. She claimed it and wrapped up.
"Sorry Sable." He looked sad. In a brash move she kissed him then turned tail and ran toward the French doors.
"You forgot your lotion." He raised their bottles.
She stood at the doorway and smiled just before flashing him one last time. "We'll be back over here tonight. Piper's having a cookout. You should come over and say hi. Bring your mom, just don't be pervy."
"Ummm! Okay."
Travis twirled in step one happy camper. "She kissed me. HECK YES!"
********
The Hillbilly Hyatt, home of many Adult related RPG games...
"So, the main character Emma looks slightly different than usual." Amanda Pruitt noticed larger tits and a different shade of hair color, now a bleach blond from an earlier platinum blond tint.
"I felt like sprucing her up some."
"I love how your main male lead looks like you Henry." Tessa pointed out, actually rubbing his abdomen while he had his arms around both ladies.
"Hey, it's my game, if I want to get the hottest girl in gaming I will."
"I'm the hottest gamer girl around, just saying." She rubs his abs lightly.
"What am I missing here Amanda? Did you hire Tessa to seduce me or something?"
"No. She's very talented in designing RPG. I hired her to spark your fires and produce steamier scenes. What you two do in between is your business."
"I am married."
"And?"
"Older. Hell, my daughters are ready to turn 18, and you're 19?"
"Just turned 19 actually." Tessa giggled. "I'm self-taught at home on design. I took college courses when I was 16 and finished at 17. No genius, just dedicated to what turns me on."
"Well, I haven't seen your work yet, so I have nothing to go on."
"You will after this episode. Focus kids." Amanda actually snuggled closer to Henry.
"Are you trying to turn me on too?"
"Well, the episode we're watching does take place on a couch. He looks like you. She's riding his cock like a porn star... it does give a girl thoughts."
"Want the truth? My new version of Emma there is modelled after my new neighbor. Splitting image of her, so hot I can't stand it. She's already helping me make things hotter. I even mentioned she should roleplay her, yes, we had a one-nighter." He had to brag.
"Nice!" Tessa winks and moves her hand lower on his abs. "So, if I'm her niece I'll get to play side by side with her when we roleplay our scripts. I like it."
"Ummm! Henry? What about your wife?" Amanda winced.
"She's fucking around on me so why should I let her have all the fun?"
"Absolutely! You go boy." Tessa giggled, then slid fingers even lower until they were in his pubic territory. He didn't even flinch.
"We've agreed to just love each other and live how we want." He provided more info than was really necessary.
"Can we just get through your episode here Henry?"
"Sure!" He slouched slightly and rubbed Tessa's arm.
"I say we redesign this scene with her niece joining her." Tessa added, her index finger tapping the tip of his erection. Again, he ignored her teasing.
"We can do that. Maybe have Emma and her niece both sucking my...Mark's dick at the same time, then go incest and have them start kissing. How about they do some tribbing with my cock in between them?"
"Your?" Amanda shook her head.
"He's me dammit! It's every man's fantasy to have two women. Hell, the other night I had my neighbor and my wife at the same time."
"I give up. Just take your episode home and the two of you make it better than it is. I want ratings Henry."
"I can do that." He finally turns to Tessa and snaps, "Just pull him out and suck me off already. Quit rubbing it and go after it."
Tessa flared her eyes at his abrupt offer, she rather liked his commanding attitude. Hesitating Henry rolled his eyes and removed both arms from the women and reached down unzipping his pants and whipping his big boy cock out. "There! You do the rest."
Amanda pinched the bridge of her nose sighing, "If you insist."
Before Tessa could take him up on it Amanda went down on him swallowing him whole. Even he was caught off guard expecting Tessa to be his sugar baby. Tessa chuckled faintly then decided to just toy with Henry's ear. "Emma's doing great." She motions toward the movie screen. "I like your tribbing idea."
"Not going that far." Amanda lifted away to acknowledge, then continued her blowjob. Henry huffed his cheeks.
"I didn't see this coming."
"Exactly our point Henry." Tessa added, "That's what you and I are going to add to Frisque. We create the unexpected. Trust me Henry." She pats his chest then leans in toward him to whisper, "I'm so much better at that than she is."
Henry just laid back and let Amanda get him off.
"I expect top billing."
"I prefer being on the bottom anyway." Tessa giggled.
"Your place or... yeah, your place. My girl's rarely go out."
"We can skype on the side."
"You have to be naked every time." He winks at Tessa.
"Works for me, I rarely wear clothes at home."
"Fuck it!" He grabbed his boss by the back of her head and held her there firmly until he nutted down her throat. Once done Amanda eased away and wiped her teary eyes.
"Two weeks." She panted. "Make this sizzle."
"Shit! I forgot I'm grilling out tonight. You have plans Tessa?"
"Uhhh! Not really, why?"
"If we're going to work together, I'm not hiding you from my wife. You can meet Emma... I mean Piper. My daughter's will be there so let's try and... keep things... clean. They don't even know Frisque exists. They think I'm designing a Tank Battle game."
"Should I bring anything?"
"Own a bikini? Piper has a pool."
"Hot pink or leopard print?"
"Play with your kitty. I'll play with your pink another day."
"Wow! That's hot."
"I need a drink. Bourbon anyone?" Amanda shut the TV off.
"We didn't watch my work." Tessa pouted slightly.
"It's better than his, he gets the idea."
"Wait! What?"
"Sorry old man. Baby girl has your back."
"Unbelievable!" Henry was outmatched. "Make my bourbon a double. She's not old enough to drink."
He did win that one.