In contrast to our early morning, the drive home was very chaste; Lori sat next to me, holding my hand. Her presense gave me a sense of immunity, so I was only a little worried about what my parents might say, yet, it was surprising how relieved I felt that I didn't see Dad's truck as we pulled in.
Still holding hands as we entered the house, we found Mom in the kitchen reading the paper and having her coffee. Looking up, her eyes traveled from me to Lori and back.
"So." I didn't exactly flinch at the word. "Are you sure about this?" she asked.
Looking at Lori, I squeezed her hand and nodded.
"You're both adults."
I hadn't expected this conversation "Mom...." I began.
Pointing her finger at us, "You have been best friends for too many years, do not let this get in the way of that."
We both gave an embarrassed "OK."
"And," focusing on me. Crap. "As an adult, you have a responsibility to tell those that love you if you are not going to come home at night."
"I'm sorry. It's just that..."
"No. That's between you. However, your father asked me to remind you that you still have work to do on the farm and that if it wasn't done today then it had to be done tomorrow."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Now go change and leave Lori here. I think we need to talk."
Dismissed, "Thanks, Mom." giving Lori a quick kiss, I rushed off to change into my work clothes.
10 minutes later, I was coming down the stairs to the sounds of the two of them laughing. Walking in, Lori burst out again. "What?" I wasn't sure what they had been talking about but I was sure it was at my expense.
"Nothing, honey." Mom responded, "We were just clearing up a few things."
"Uh-huh."
Hugging Lori, Mom said "Dinner is at 6:30. Both of you should be here." Lori replied that we would.
Leaving, Mom pulled me aside, saying "This is a big thing for Lori, Mike. She's going to be very vulnerable. Be there for her." Assuring her I would, we left.
In the truck, I asked Lori "What did you and Mom talk about?"
Lori smile enigmatically "Just stuff." and no matter how I asked, Lori would not change her answer. Finally, leaning over and kissing my cheek, she said "Really, it wasn't anything you need to be concerned about."
The day passed quickly. I repaired a couple of sections of fence while Lori jokingly commented on how manly I was. When we talked, it was about school and our friends, everything but 'us'.
Finishing just before five and realizing we had a little under two hours to kill, Lori suggested we play in the shower again. As good of an idea as it sounded, I had a better one.
We were in the middle of nowhere but it was very open, no hills or trees, I told Lori to meet me in front of the truck. Her lips twisted into a cute little quirk as I unbuttoned her shirt. Pulling it off, I put it on the hood. "What are you doing?"
"Something you'll like." Untucking her t shirt, I pulled it over her head, leaving her in just her bra. "Turn around"
Hesitating, "OK"
Reaching around, I cupped her breasts through her bra. Leaning back, she whispered "That's feels good." Agreeing, I reached the clasp at the center, carefully unlocking it. I slowly pulled it away from each breast, exposing her to the world. "Brrr"
Laughing, "Yeah, it looks chilly." Pulling the straps off each arm, I dropped it to the ground.
"So, you've gotten me half naked. What now?"
Grabbing her bare mounds, I squeezed them before moving to her nipples, pinching to make them even more pronounced. Kissing her shoulders, I whispered in her ear, "NOW, you put your t-shirt back on." Lori spun around, hands on hips, her boobs bouncing with her movements. "You're just going to stop?" she demanded. I reached out and handed her the t-shirt.
"I'm thirsty. Let's go to Sonic." Picking up her bra and over shirt, I got in the truck. Lori stood there for a couple of minutes, disbelief clear on her face. "Hurry up! We don't have a lot of time."
Angrily pulling the t-shirt on, she got in. "What if I'm not thirsty?"
Driving across the field, "I think you will be." Lori stared out the window; her arms were crossed under her boobs effectively pushing them up and out. I could almost see through the shirt and I could definitely see her nipples poking through. "You look nice" I commented.
"I'm not talking to you." she pouted.
Hitting a big rut, I caused us both to bounce around the cab; Lori put her hands out to steady herself. Staying off road, I made sure to hit as many bumps as I could, causing us and, more specifically, her boobs, to bounce around. "What the hell are you doing?" she demanded.
"Watching your boobs bounce" and hit another bump.
Her eyes got big as she looked down. I hit a smaller bump, letting her see the effect. "You can see my nipples through my shirt!" she cried. "PERVERT!"
"Yes and guilty." I smiled, smugly.
Putting her hands under her breasts, Lori jiggled them up and down. "You like that? Seeing my boobs bounce around?"
"Yes, I do." I replied, sadly reaching the road, "I like seeing you do that, too."
Pulling her shirt up, she began bouncing them up and down. "How about this?"
"Even better. I wonder what the guy at Sonic is going to think."
"WHAT? NO! You wouldn't!"
"I said I was thirsty." I reminded her.
"We are not going to Sonic with my tits hanging out!" she said pulling her shirt down and reaching for her over shirt.
Snatching it away, "Nope." I put it between me and the door. "You're covered up enough."
"Mike! NO! Give me my shirt!" she pleaded.
HAH! "No way! You told me you wanted me to help push you. Well, I'm helping."
"This isn't what I meant! We know people here." she whined. "If someone sees me like this..."
"Do you trust me?" Lori looked at me; conflict clear on her face. "Do you?"
Softly "Yes."
"You know that I'll always protect you, like I promised, right?"
Sullenly, "Yeah, I guess."
"Besides, if word got out that I was dating a dirty girl who liked to flash her tits at everybody, what about my reputation?"
Lori's face grew outraged as she said "You better damn well keep your Dirty Girl happy or she won't be your dirty girl." but sat there with a crooked smile.
We rode in silence until we were almost in town. "Be careful, please?"
"Lori, if there was any chance that anyone you know could possibly see your nipples stabbing through your shirt; I would let you cover up."
Looking down, Lori saw how far her nipples were protruding through the shirt. "I don't think they've ever been this hard." She reached up, touching one. "Here, feel." she offered.
I reached over, placing a palm over her nipple; she leaned in, pressing against my hand. "See? It almost hurts!"
It was rigid. "Yes ma'am, I can see there is a problem with swelling." I joked, "Maybe we need to put some ice on them. I'm sure that will help."
"Ice? Really?" Closing her eyes, sighing "I think I'd like that."
Pulling into Sonic, "Drive through?
"Oh my God, NO!" throwing her hands over her chest.
Laughing, I pulled into one of the side stalls. Parking so that the carhop couldn't come up to the window but Lori could still be seen from the rear. After ordering our drinks, I told her that when they were delivered that she had to put her hands to her sides, to which she grudgingly agreed. The carhop wasn't anyone we knew but Lori's hand was shaking when she took her drink.
As soon as the girl left, I placed my hand over her left nipple. I didn't think it was possible that it could have gotten harder. Lori closed her eyes, almost whimpering "Can we please go to my house? I need..." she faltered. I tightened my grip on her breast and she gasped. "Stop....no...don't stop." clasping her hand over mine. "Drive. Now!" I didn't question her.
Pulling out of Sonic, I almost wrecked. Lori was clutching at my hand; I took the hint and started squeezing and pinching. Her other hand flew to her crotch and began rubbing in circles. I almost ran a stop light and as we screeched to a halt she started gasping and panting. Her hands flew to the buttons, opening her jeans for easier access. "Oh God...I can't believe I'm going to cum so fast!" leaning her head back, she closed her eyes. The light turned green; I sped off. "FUCK! What are you doing to me?" she groaned. Biting her lip, she tried to hold it in.
I was speeding down the road toward her house when she groaned "Oh SHIT! Here it cums!" Hunching forward, head shaking spastically, she shrieked unintelligently as it crashed through her, with a final "gggaaaaahhh!" she fell back, panting. I was almost to her house when she asked "What are you doing to me? I've never cum like this before. You're doing something to me...I know it!"
Laughing, I pulled her to me. "It's you! You're incredible!"
"I thought I was going to cum right there at Sonic. If you hadn't left..."
"Yeah, if we hadn't left you would have had everyone at Sonic at our truck making sure you were OK"
"I know! I don't get it. I've always been quite when I..." she trailed off embarrassed.
I called her on it. "That's cute."
"What?"
"You have a screaming orgasm in my truck and you're embarrassed about masturbating."
Slapping at my chest she cried "Stop!"
"No really. You go from innocent to dirty and back. It's really cute."
"I'll show you innocent!" As we pulled into her driveway, she pulled off her shirt. I parked in front of the door as she continued to strip.
"Is this some kind of threat? Because I'm willing to let you go through with it."
Seconds later Lori was naked in my front seat. Turning so that she was leaning against the passenger door, she put her left foot in my crotch, rubbing my dick. I had been hard since I had first taken off her shirt and saw that I had left a rather large wet spot in my pants. "Hmmmm. Looks like somebody's happy to see me."
"Yes, we are." I replied, enjoying her foot massage.
"So, what do you think? Not so innocent now, huh?"
I swallowed as she drew her right leg up, letting her hand lay on her pubic area. "What are you going to do?" I knew she could act this way but I was guessing that she would have trouble saying it.
"Watch me." she said pulling her left foot away and resting her knee on the dashboard. Spread wide, I saw that her pussy was glistening. She ran a finger up and down either side then down the middle.
"Tell me what you are going to do." I demanded.
Blushing furiously, "I'm going to, to masturbate for you." The blush spread from her face to her chest and the tops of her breasts. Watching herself, "I'm going to finger my pussy." Slowly sliding a finger down her slit, parting her lips, her finger moved in a tiny oval; I realized she was outlining her opening.
It was getting very uncomfortable sitting trapped in my pants. Leaning back, I unbuttoned and unzipped. Gasping, "Pull it out. I want to see it." Pushing my pants down, I released my dick allowing it to spring up straight, the head was oozing pre-cum.
"Look at it!" she said excitedly. "Is that for me?"
"Only if you're bad." I joked.
"For you, I will be very, very bad." moving her other hand to her nipples, she began pinching and pulling on them. "Do you like that? Do you like watching me play with my titties?" licking her lips, she winked at me. "You were soooo naughty to me at Sonic." rubbing her clit. "It made me hot knowing that I might be seen. If we hadn't left, I would have fucked you right there!" her eyes closed, moaning, "I still can't believe you were able to get that big fucking cock into my itty-bitty pussy."
I couldn't believe it either. Pre-cum was flowing from my dick as I watched her and I could feel the pressure building "Lori, I think I gonna cum from just watching you." I gasped.
Lori's eyes flew open. "NO! You can't! You have to cum IN me!" pleading, "I need to feel it throb and jerk when it's buried deep in me." inhaling deeply, "I never knew it would feel so good." slipping a finger in and slowly moving it around. "Daddy was right. If I had known, I would have raped you months ago!" she looked at me "but now I don't have to, this body belongs to you." she slipped a second finger in. "This feels so good but your cock feels sooooo much better."
I could feel my dick swelling as she put on her show. "Lori, where does this come from? We've known each other for years and you have never hinted at having this side."
"I don't know." she gasped as her body shuddered. "Ooooh! That felt good. It's just that, when I get around you, I get all hot and then, if you touch me, I get all squishy" she giggled.
"Squishy?"
"It started when I felt your cock stabbing into me last week. I can't help myself. My pussy gets all wet and my mind goes off. I just want to be your nasty little slut. I am aren't I?" she asked, "You said so this morning."
Hearing the desperation in her voice; the need. "Yeah, you're my nasty little slut." Her face transformed with joy.
"You're going to cum in my pussy. Deep inside. I'm going to feel you squirt your sperm in me."
"Lori..." I warned.
I didn't know she could move that fast. One second she was leaning against the door, the next she was in my face, throwing her leg over me. I groaned when she reached down, rubbed the head, and brought her fingers to her mouth. "You taste yummy." she breathed before leaning in and sniffing my neck, "You're sweaty and you smell manly. I like that."
"You are fucking incredible" I told her.
Flashing me a smile, "I know!" Taking my dick, she rubbed it around her opening before lowering herself until just the head was just inside. "Don't you dare cum until you are completely inside of me!"
"You're on fire!" I gasped.
"I am!" she lowered herself a few inches. Closing her eyes, she gasped "Sooo big." Then rose up and slid back down, taking almost my whole shaft. "Aaaaahhhhhh!"
She felt too good, "Lori, I'm gonna explode!"
Grabbing my head, she pressed her forehead to mine, our eyes met, "Fuck me. Shove it in. Make it fit!"
Grabbing her hips, I pulled her down as I thrust up, ramming the last couple of inches all the way in, I cried out. "FUCK!!" as I let go!
"Cum in my pussy! Squirt it! Fuck yeah! It's so hot! Cum in my hot little cunt" she chanted. It felt like I would never quit spewing. I felt her clamp down and moan "So full." rocking her hips back and forth.
"God that feels good....you feel good." I moaned.
"Yeah. Let's stay like this." squeezing even tighter.
"Dear God! How are you doing that?"
"Kegels." she breathed, "I read somewhere that it can help give women better orgasms"
"Men too, I'm still hard."
Squeeze-squeeze. "Yeah you are. Now we get to really fuck."
I brushed her hair away from her face and began kissing down her neck to her chest. "You keep this up we're going to be too sore to fuck."
"Never!" rising up, she looked down, "We so look good."
"You look awesome!" I said, grabbing both of her tits as she rode me.
As Lori moved up and down, I began to chew on her delicious nipples, causing her to cry out. Thrusting up to meet her, our bodies slapped together and the sounds of our breathing filled the truck as she approached her climax.
Compared to her previous orgasms, it was quiet; whimpering and moaning in my ear. When she recovered, she ground herself against me, playfully biting my ear. "I want to taste you. Let me know when you're close!"
Grunting, I grabbed her hips trying to thrust a little deeper, her sheath began clasping and releasing my shaft as we moved. Feeling that familiar sensation, I groaned as she had another small orgasm and her pussy spasmed around me. "Now!" I cried.
When Lori jumped off, I felt a sudden chill on my dick then she was on her knees beside me, stroking my cock. As she lowered her head to my balls, licking and chewing at the base, I saw that gleam in her eye, "It tastes sooo good. I didn't know if I would like the taste of my pussy but I think I do. What do think? Do you think I taste good?" rising up, she kissed me.
"You're delicious." I replied.
She kept jerking me and whispered "I've always wondered what pussy tastes like, too. Do you think different girls taste differently?"
"I don't know." I croaked.
Kissing me again "I wonder what Vanessa tastes like?" The image flashed into my head of Lori's face buried in Vanessa's pussy.
"Why don't you ask her?" I was sooo close.
"I just might." lowering her head back to my cock. "Couldn't you just see me sucking on her huge tits?" Lori's dirty mouth had almost pushed me over the edge then, I felt her take the head in. I watched as she tried to work my cock into her mouth until she gagged. Suddenly "Oh, SHIT!"
"Mmmmmmm" she groaned.
I exploded with a roar! She pulled up so that her lips were fastened just under the head; I felt her tongue flicking as I flooded her mouth. A small stream of cum trickled out the corner but she kept sucking until I was completely spent.
Looking up with a smile, I could see her swishing her tongue around her mouth. Parting her lips, she showed me my cum before swallowing once, grinning, then swallowing a second time. "Thick, but so yummy!" I pulled her to me, kissing her. Our tongues fought until then she broke away "You like the taste of you cum."
"I like the taste of you." I corrected.
Looking down, Lori saw the dribble of cum she had missed and exclaimed angrily "Damn it! I thought I got it all!" and bent down to slurp it up. She also took my softening cock into her mouth, nursing on it until she was satisfied it was clean of all traces of cum before resting her head on my thigh.
Glancing at the clock on the dash, I saw that it was 5:40. We had less than an hour to get home for dinner. I mentioned it to Lori, asking if she wanted to get shower now or after dinner. She sleepily kissed my leg, mumbling "After."
I slowly drove towards town. About a mile out, I pulled onto a lease road. Waking Lori, I said "Hey, we're home. You need to get dressed before we go inside."
Lori's eyes shot open as she sat up in a panic. Hands covering her boobs, she looked around until realizing we were still out of town and punched me in the chest "What?" I asked.
"You bastard!" she cried, "You about gave me a heart attack. I would have totally freaked out if your Mom saw my with my head in you lap."
Chuckling, "I liked the way it looked"
"I'm sure. Gimme my shirt." holding out her hand, waiting as I dug it out from where I stuffed it. "Damn! It's a little wrinkled."
I laughed "A little? It looks like it's been...uh...wadded up and stuffed between the seats." I finished weakly.
"That's what I mean! How am I going to explain it?"
"Get dressed. If it looks to bad we still have time for you to get another."
"Like that won't be suspicious!"
I shrugged but Lori got dressed without panties and bra. She decided her shirt wasn't too wrinkled after all.
We got home in time to help get dinner ready. Dad cooked the steaks while Lori and I helped Mom in the kitchen.
As we sat down for dinner, Dad wondered aloud about the special occasion, Mom avoided looking at either of us, saying that it just seemed a good idea. He led a quick prayer, thanking God for the food, asking for blessings on those gathered, and a request for rain. It had been a dry year; rain was the farmer's curse, either too much at the wrong time or never enough the rest of the time.
We talked about the farms and plans for summer. When Dad asked Lori if she was seeing anyone special, she got a goofy, embarrassed grin on her face as Mom hid a smile. "Yeah, someone very special." she said looking at me.
Missing the exchange, Dad asked "Who's the lucky guy? Do I know him?"
Turning beet red, she reached her hand across the table as I reached out to her. Dad was busy cutting his steak so it wasn't until he looked up that he finally saw us holding hands. "Oh...OH, well." Raising his glass of tea, "Congratulations!" He fixed me with his eye saying "You better treat her right or we're going to have words." I knew from his tone that he was both joking and dead serious.
"Yes sir." Lori squeezed my hand, giving me a wink.
Almost as an after thought, Dad added "About damn time he paid attention to you."
We both said a surprised "Dad!"
Mom finally chimed in "We've both seen it coming and we're both very happy for you." Then, as if it was the first time she said it, "Just remember, you were best friends before all this. Your father and I are still best friends. That's what has kept us together through the tough times."
Dad ignored Mom's serious tone adding "Mike, if you just remember that she is always right, you'll have no problems."
"Harold!" Mom cried in mock outrage; but looked at us mouthing 'he's right'
Lori burst out laughing. "I'll be sure to remember that."
"Apparently, so will I." I moaned. Lori tossed her napkin at me.
Mom surprised us, again, saying "Oh, Lori, you can stay in the guest room tonight." Lori's eyes got big as she continued "Harry, Lori's family is down seeing her Grandmother and she got a little spooked last night staying out there, all by herself." Mom's eyes flicked back and forth between us with a slight shake of her head. Message clear.
Lori blushed and said "Thanks, Mom."
Dinner ended with Lori volunteering us to clean up.
We joined the parents in the TV room and watched a couple of shows. Lori kept sneaking grabs and gropes until I finally managed "Mom, if Lori's going to stay the night she's going to need some clothes for Church."
Mom gave us 'The LOOK'. "OK. Don't be too late."
Telling Lori I'd meet her in the truck, I ran upstairs to get some sweats and a t-shirt. By the time I got to my truck, Lori was sitting there naked. "Pull around the corner and get naked. If I'm going be naked, you are to."
"Yes ma'am!" I said, following orders. Taking the side streets, we were quickly out of town and as soon as we were past the street lights Lori was on her knees in the seat beside me.
Putting her head between my legs, she mumbled "You reek of sex." then took my semi-erect dick into her mouth. I was impressed with how much she was able to take.
"For a girl that had never touched a dick before yesterday, you sure have come a long way."
Lori made moaning sounds which felt great. She sat up, giving me a wet sloppy kiss saying "I want to be the best cocksucker I can be for you but you can't cum." she warned. "You have to save that for my pussy. If I can't sleep with you in my arms tonight, I want to be squishy full of your cum." and returned to my cock.
Shaking my head in disbelief, "You have plenty of time to get better. I'm yours. My cock is yours." I said this as I pulled into her drive, parking in front. It was dark and quiet.
Lori sat up and I could see her studying me in the light from the dashboard. "Let's go inside."
Crawling out my side of the truck, Lori grabbed my dick and led me into her house. It was still just weird to be walking around naked in her home.
Lori pulled me upstairs to her parents' bathroom. "Stay" she told me and walked out of the room. Returning a few minutes later with a towel, placing it on the floor, "Stand on the towel." Uncertain what she was doing, I did as she directed. Going to the vanity, she picked up some electric clippers then knelt in front of me. "We'll start with a trim. If I like it, I'll skip the razor."
"Uh"
"I like your dick. I like your balls. But I told you, I do not like pubic hair. Now, spread 'em! And unless you want me to start with the razor, stand still!"
I widened my stance as Lori turned on the clippers and studied my groin. Five minutes later, she decided I was groomed enough.
"Much better." she declared. I had to agree. Lori wrapped her hand around my still hard dick and pulling it down, she took it in her mouth. I felt her tongue swabbing the underside when she suddenly jerked back "psssfffft" she spat. "Hair." she said in explanation. I roared with laughter as I watched her trying to get the hair out. Finally, she went to the sink and rinsed her mouth. "That was a mood killer." she said.
I pointed to my still erect erection. "I'm up for more."
"Shower. Get rid of that loose hair and then we can play."
Walking into the shower, she turned it on hot, I pushed her against the wall where we made out while the water heated up.
We quickly washed ourselves while rubbing against each other, keeping the tension high. Afterwards, I led her to her bed and, crawling between her thighs, said "You've had all the fun today. I've been waiting to do this again since this morning." kissing the insides of her thighs then moving to her pubic area, I began kissing and biting all those sensitive places I had discovered.
I never actually penetrated as I ran my tongue up and down her slit, but her lips were parted and I teased them with gentle nibbles. Finally, I ran my tongue back up to her clit. As I pressed my tongue against it, Lori grabbed my hair, pulling me forcefully into her, "There. Lick me there!" I rubbed and sucked on her nubbin then made my way back downward. I wanted to explore and taste her. "No, please." she begged. My mouth reached her labia. I sucked and slurped her lips and her grip on my hair loosened. "OK OK OK. There, too." I chuckled and thrust my tongue inside. "OHH! THERE! Definitely there!" Moving my head and mouth up and down, I discovered new places to make her moan. "You're going to make me cum with your mouth!"
Looking up I said "Isn't that the idea?" I teased her clit briefly. "Do you want me to stop?"
"No...yes...I, I want you inside me." I dipped my tongue in, licking the edges, "OK." she consented with a moan "That feels really good but you know what I mean."
"Yeah, but it's been all about me today. I'm just doing a little something more that I want to do." I drew one of the lips in, sucking on it. "Besides, you were right. Your pussy does taste good."
Lowering my face back to her crotch, I began lapping away. Lori tightened her grip in my hair, laying back. "You need to hurry! I need you in me." After a couple of more minutes of my exploration Lori's hips began thrusting up and down. Her moans were getting deeper and I could tell she was close.
I had chewed my way down and was working on her opening when her hips suddenly jerked up as her arms pushed down. My tongue slipped down, running across her smooth anus. I knew what had happened but I just kept licking at her exit. Lori, however, pulled my head up "OH MY GOD! Did you just do that? Did you just lick my butthole!" I grinned. "You did! You licked my butt! I can't believe you did that!"
Suddenly unsure of myself, I hadn't planned it but I didn't regret it. "It's you fault." I said as a defense.
"You put you tongue in my butt!"
"Not IN. I just licked it. A little. Kind of." I replied sheepishly
"I know. I felt it. It was my butt!" By this time, I had pulled myself up and was on my knees. Lori still had my hair in her grip and I was, if anything, more firmly held.
"I'll be more careful next time." I said in way of apology.
"Next time?" she asked. "What? Next time you're going to what? Put your tongue in there and wiggle it around?" Ah!
"Maybe. I might just swirl it around. I'm not sure I could get anything in there. It seemed sealed up pretty tight."
"You'd like that, wouldn't you? Your slutty girlfriend laying there begging you to fuck her but instead you'd have your mouth and tongue licking and sucking on her butt. You'd probably even jam a finger in there to!"
"ME like that? I'm surprised you're not begging me to do it right now." I retorted.
"Well!" she huffed.
"Yeah?"
"I would," flashing me a grin, "but I want your cock in my pussy NOW." She released one side of my head and reached down to give my dick a caress. "Yeah, I think you might want that too."
I surged forward, pressing her back onto the bed. Leaning in to give her a kiss, she pulled away saying "EWWWW! That mouth has been on my butt!"
"Yeah." I agreed.
Her lips quirked then she ran the tip of her tongue out to moisten them. "How did my butt taste? Did you like it?"
Frankly, there hadn't been any taste. We had just showered and she had apparently made sure she was squeaky clean everywhere but I knew what she wanted to hear. "It was," pausing; I forced her to kiss me. I thrust my tongue into her mouth then pulled back, finishing "delicious! If you weren't making me fuck you," I growled, "I'd probably be checking how tight your little butt really is."
Lori looked at me with half opened eyes as she considered it. Her hand started moving again, stroking me. "I want that." she breathed huskily, her hand becoming more aggressive, "But, I want you to fuck me full of your cum more! I want to be full of you." Lying back, she scooted under me, "And you are going to do that. Then we're going find a way to get your tongue in my butt!"
Shaking my head in disbelief as she shifted my dick to her entrance. "Fuck me!" she commanded. I happily thrust into her, spearing my way deep. "OOOOOWW!" she cried out in pain.
I stopped immediately, looking down. Lori's eyes were squeezed shut and she was biting her bottom lip. Alarmed, "Did I hurt you?" the last thing I wanted to do was cause her pain.
Lori nodded slightly and I began to pull out. "No! Please don't!" she sounded almost frantic. "I need you in me. Please!"
Holding still, halfway in, "Lori, I don't want to hurt you. We don't have to do this." I was actually starting to loose a little of my stiffness.
"I need you in me!" she cried. I pulled all the way out. "NO! Don't you want me?" I was shocked at the almost panicked tone of her voice.
"Lori," I began "we don't..." her hand darted to my now almost limp dick and began jerking it, almost painfully.
"I can do this! I want to be your dirty girl!" Panic was clearly overcoming her. Her eyes flew open. "Please!" she cried.
"Lori? What's going on?" I was beyond concerned. Lori looked to be heading for a full meltdown and I had no idea why. I pulled away from her to sit up and her jerking hand clamped down on me. "OUCH!" I yelled.
Lori's hand shot back, shaking it as if she had been burned. Pulling her to me, she began to shake. Tears were pouring down her face. She was beginning to freak me out.
Rocking as I held her, "Imsorryimsorryimsorry! I just want you so bad. I need you!" she sobbed.
Stunned, I said "Lori, you have me."
"No I don't! I'm not...you don't..." she stopped, struggling with what she was trying to say.
"What more do you think I need?" I was baffled! "Lori, you've given me everything." Stroking her hair and back, I tried to calm her.
In a bare whisper, "I couldn't stand it if lost you"
"What!? Why would you lose me"
Sniffling, "Because I'm not good enough!"
"You're amazing!" I exclaimed.
"I'm not! I want to be everything to you and then I couldn't..." she trailed off.
"Is this about what just happened? When I hurt you?" I was at a total loss.
"It wasn't your fault." she protested. "If I had been better..."
I cut her off "Stop! It was an accident. I hurt you. I stopped because if I hurt you...I wouldn't be able to...I don't want to see you hurt." I explained.
"But..."
"No. You mean too much to me."
"Really?"
"Yeah. I just didn't know how much you meant...until..."
"I need you." she whispered.
"I need you, too." Moving so we could lie down, Lori rested her head on my chest. "I didn't really understand that until this past week. When you wouldn't talk to me and avoided me at school. I would have done anything to change it."
"I've been scared for so long that you wouldn't want me." she admitted.
"To be honest, I'd be happy if we were just friends." Lori tensed; realizing what I said, "NO! I mean. Before all this. I mean. Not the sex. I mean...Damn it! You know what I mean. I like the sex but it's not why I want to be with you. You've been there for me; with me through so much." I could feel her relax. I reached over and grabbed a tissue; she blew her nose noisily.
"So, if we didn't have any more sex you would stay? No more blowjobs? No more...anything?" I could tell she was only halfway serious.
"Well, if that's what you choose, yeah. I mean, as long as I get some, you know, 'alone time' to take care of things that come up, yeah. I want you."
Lori's hand slowly moved down until it was resting on top of my flaccid member. "You mean something like this thing?" Twitch.
"Yeah. I you told before. You're hot. And you're beautiful. And, now, you're mine."
Her hand wandered up and down my shaft then cupped my balls. "I couldn't do that to you. Besides, what a waste!" and giggled.
I drew her up, kissing her. "I'm sorry." she whispered.
"Don't be. I didn't understand."
"I didn't know what to do. I tried flirting more but you just seemed to take it. Then you turned 18 and you told me that I couldn't flirt with you any more, I knew you were joking but it about killed me!" pausing to kiss my cheek "It took everything I had to kiss you."
"It's hard to imagine that was just last week." I hugged her to me. "I'm glad you did it."
"Really?" she sounded so hopeful.
"What's it going to take to convince you?"
"I'm sorry."
"Stop apologizing. If you hadn't taken the risk we wouldn't here."
Lori sighed.
"Besides, I had no idea you had this side to you."
"Neither did I!" she exclaimed. "It started, last Saturday, like I said. I haven't lied about anything. I really did all of that. I walked naked, well, everywhere! Then on Wednesday, when I started talking to you and you acted like nothing happened, I decided I had to do something to get you to see ME. I thought my kiss would have been enough but it wasn't."
"It might have been if you had talked to me about it but you avoided me." I reminded her.
"Yeah, well, I was a little freaked out." letting out a sigh, "So I came up with the idea that maybe if I was...slutty, then you would notice me. Then you did. And when we talked Thursday night, you got so horny listening to me. And I sent you that picture. OH! I did lie! I don't have any other pictures. But we can take some if you want." she was so earnest in her desire to please me. "As soon as we hung up that night, I wrote those notes. I almost didn't give them to you but you acted as if nothing had changed."
"What was I supposed to have done?" I protested. "Did you want me to, to...see? Even now, after all we've done I'm still not sure what I should have done."
Propping herself up on her arm, looking at me, "I don't know. But I didn't think I had made it IN, yet. I had to do something." her eyes dropped, quietly, "It was so hard making myself give you those notes. And I wanted to have you open the bag but I chickened out." pausing, she leaned in kissing my chest, "Then I saw how you looked at me. You liked me being like that. So I pushed myself to be..."
I drew her to me. It was my turn to apologize. "I'm sorry I was so blind. I'm more sorry that I made you do all those things. I want YOU. You don't have to do all that other stuff."
"But that's just it!" she responded. Pushing herself away, meeting my eyes. "I like it."
I waited for her to continue.
"I told you I didn't lie to you." She moved her hand back to my dick. It had gone back down as we talked but she began stroking it. Guiltily, "I more than like it." She turned her head, watching what she was doing. "The first time I saw your, your thing I think I almost wet myself. It gets so big!" Lori kept moving her hand up and down. "The first time..."she laughed. "Last night! Last night, when you came all over me, I swear I came, too!" she swung around to face me. "Mike, I had never been so excited." I was rapidly regaining my erection as she talked and stroked.
She shifted down, closer to my dick. "Lori, you don't have to."
Continuing as if I hadn't said anything, "I told you the truth when I told you I was scared to, you know." She leaned down, taking my head into her mouth; she gave it a brief suck then a kiss. "I didn't lie later when you, after you, uh, came in my mouth." she licked around the head. "mmmm. I do like it. I can't explain it. Part of me says I shouldn't but...."
Bending lower, she took me back inside, slowly working a few inches into her mouth. It was my turn to moan. It felt so good. I started to say something but her hand clamped over my mouth. She pulled off and continued. "I felt safe when you brought me in here then you almost didn't..." Lori removed her hand and resumed sucking. She had about half of me inside and was working on more. Gradually, she worked about three quarters in before pulling back, gasping. "I can do this." she whispered to herself.
"Lori..."
"DON'T. TALK. I WILL do this." moving to her knees between my legs, eyes on my spit covered dick, she grasped it in her hand, "I will." She lowered her head to mine for a quick kiss before bearing back down, bobbing on my shaft.
I was amazed. With slow gulps, each deeper than the last, Lori reached her previous depth before pausing then pushing forward. I felt her throat fight the invasion until, suddenly, she was there: my entire shaft was engulfed in her mouth and throat. She pulled up an inch before driving herself back down then all the way off. Gasping, she flashed me a look of triumph then down! Faster! Just to prove it wasn't a fluke.
I struggled not to say anything as she worked, until she climbed up, looking me in the eye. Lori wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, smearing her saliva on her cheek. Simply, she stated "I did it." I nodded, afraid to speak.
"You put 'that' " she grabbed my shaft, giving it a few strokes, "in me last night. In my pussy." She kissed me, wet with our combined juices. "I was soo full. It didn't hurt. You were deeper in me than I ever thought was even possible. I came. No." she closed her eyes as she said it. "There's not a strong enough word for what happened." her eyes snapped open. "I won't give that up. I will not give you up." straddling my thighs, she said "Fuck me."
I saw her eyes. They had that far away look again. "No."
"What? I need you to fuck me, now." she pleaded.
"No." It was the hardest thing I had ever said. Lori tried to shove me in. "LORI!" I cried and pushed her off.
"I need you!" she wailed.
Grabbing her, I held her to me. "Lori, you have me." I didn't know where this was coming from but I knew what I needed to do. Mom had told me she would be vulnerable. Hell, Lori told me she needed me to help keep her in check. I needed to redirect her focus.
"Then why won't you fuck me!?!" she cried in confusion.
"Because. I don't want to FUCK you."
"Why? What's wrong with me?" the terror was back. Her eyes were wide and pleading.
I smiled and whispered into her ear "Because, I want to make love to you."
Her body stiffened as she began to cry "You do?"
"Yes. You're mine. Fucking is for sluts." She tried to pull away. "You are my woman. You are not a slut. You, Lori James, are my best friend. You can act like a slut all you want but..." I stopped. Did I really? Yes.
"But what?"
"I, uh, I need you. Not just tonight. I can't imagine a time without you."
"Will you Love me?"
I knew what she was asking; I chose to answer the question she hadn't asked. "I already do. I do love you." I explained.
She didn't say anything but her arms wrapped around me, pulling me into her as if she was afraid I was a dream. At last she asked "Will you...will you say it again? Tell me?"
"I love you Lori James." I said it loudly and distinctly.
Taking a deep, shuddering, breath, "Thank you."
We lay holding each other until I heard my cell phone ring. It was Mom. Stealing a look at the clock, I saw that it was almost midnight. We had fallen asleep. I didn't want to wake her but Mom had covered for me once. I didn't want to burn that bridge.
I gently woke Lori, explaining that we needed to get dressed and get back to my house. She understood and was quiet as she gathered her clothes before getting dressed. She caught me watching her after she put her shirt on. "What?"
I got up and walked over to her. "I just like watching you." I said.
"I didn't dream it, did I? Say it again? Please?" Calm but expectant.
I placed my hands in hers and repeated "I love you. Is that what you wanted to hear?"
She nodded, giving me a quick kiss and hug. Looking around, she said she had everything. I helped her get loaded and we drove home. We held hands while Lori snuggled up next to me. When I parked, she told me "I don't want to be alone tonight." It wasn't even a question for me. I nodded in agreement.
We walked in and Mom was still watching TV. Lori was clutching my arm. With a glance, I saw her eyes were still red from crying. "Hey, Mom." I said, trying to sound casual. "Sorry we're so late."
Looking at us, she took a deep breath then nodded as if she had reached a decision. "Sit down." We sat.
Focusing on Lori she said "I thought we talked about this." Lori nodded and shrugged. "Well, I see it's too late."
I was a little behind but before I had a chance to ask anything, Mom continued "I saw it this morning but what could I do? Nothing." She seemed to be arguing with herself. Finally, "OK. I'm not going to try to talk you out of this. It's too late to ask you to slow down. We raised you to be good kids...adults. You are both adults. We taught you both to make good choices. We have to trust you." she still seemed to be having that internal argument. "Make sure you remember to think. Think about what you do. Michael, I love your father dearly and I still remember how and when we met." Smiling at her memory, "He was so strong and sure, like now. He thought things through, sometimes to a fault. You've seen that in the crops he plants and in how he is at the office. I've seen that in you, too." She let that sink in. "Remember, it's OK to give into passion. Passion is good. Don't lose that but don't forget to keep your head straight." I found myself nodding.
"Lori. You are the daughter I didn't have. I love you very much. You do your parents proud but you sometimes lose focus on the future and focus only on the now." I could feel Lori tighten her grip on my arm. "I am not telling you to let Michael tell you what to do but I am telling you to listen to him when he tells you to look around."
"Mom, I...thanks."
"Think! Talk. Be honest with each other." she warned.
Lori answered "Yes, Mom."
"Now off with you. We all need sleep if we're going to make it to Church tomorrow and I'm missing my show."
Standing, Lori yanked on my arm. "Uh, Mom." looking at Lori then back. "Lori's going to stay with me, in my room."
Mom studied us then "No."
"Mom!" I protested.
"No. You'll share the guest room. I'll let your father know in the morning. Be respectful." I knew what she meant. "Now get to bed."
Sagging against each other in relief, "Thanks, Mom." we said together. She waived us away.
Gathering Lori's clothes, we went up. It hit me, as we walked down the hall that the guest room was above the garage. I didn't think Mom was saying that it was OK to have sex but maybe she was saying that if we did, at least it wouldn't be as obvious.
The room had my parents' old king sized bed, a TV, dresser, and its own attached bathroom. If it had had a mini-fridge it could have been a hotel room. It even had its own balcony with stairs that led into the backyard. We put Lori's clothes away; she made a trip to the bathroom. I went to my room, changing into the shorts I sleep in. Lori met me on the way back asking for my t-shirt, the one I had been wearing. I grabbed it and watched as she changed into it and nothing else. She explained that she usually slept nude but wanted to wear something in case Mom or Dad woke us up. Crawling into bed, we lay holding each other, eventually drifting off.
I awoke to the feeling of someone tugging on me. I soon realized it was Lori and she was slowly massaging my dick. 'He' was already awake. "Lori, what are you doing?"
"Do you love me?"
"Yes." I replied sleepily.
"Will you Love me?" she asked.
"Always." I misunderstood.
"No. Now. Will you Love me?"
I began to wake up a little more "Huh? Oh." as it sank in. "Lori, I told you that we don't have to."
"I know." she said. "But I don't want you to fuck me. I want you to Love me. Will you?"
There wasn't any pleading or desperation in her voice. It was a quiet, simple request for us both.
"Are you sure." I felt her nod her head.
Kissing her face and neck, I worked down to her chest kissing and tasting as I went. Stopping above her breasts, I worked on finding those spots like just below her left ear and how the right earlobe was slightly more sensitive that the left. I enjoyed finding those sweet places but we both wanted more.
Running my fingers casually around her breasts, I avoided her nipples. Moving down to her flat stomach, I explored the smooth plane before her sex. I didn't tease. Placing my hand on her mound, Lori gasped then sighed as she felt my fingers rub her labia; she thrust her hips up in an attempt to get me to penetrate her but I kept my fingers together as I moved my hand, denying her. She moaned as I focused on her clit then bit her lip to hold back her cry as she had a small orgasm "Mike, please?" she whispered.
Parting her legs and moving above her, I placed myself at her opening. I gently nudged inside. We both groaned at the sensations as I slowly sank into her. I was as careful and tender as I moved.
Lori tried to keep her eyes open, on mine, but clamped them shut as we met. I felt her clamp down on my shaft as she stifled a cry with the back of her hand and she shook with her second orgasm. Her legs wrapped around me as her arms pulled me down to her. We were locked together as we moved. She bit my shoulder to keep from crying out again as another orgasm crashed through her. My shaft was massaged as she came. I crushed her to me as I felt it build and we rocked together. We had just started and it was almost over. Lori was grinding her pelvis against mine as her orgasms shuddered through her. It was too much.
"Lori" I whispered.
She breathed an insistent "Please." and struggled not to scream as I started to swell.
Feeling it rising "Now!" I cried softly.
"Look at me, please. Look at me!" she gasped. I did. She was her biting her lip as I released into her, barely holding in her cries in. Her channel, milking in time with my spurts, continued even as I stopped.
Tears filled her eyes as I gazed down at her. Worried "Are you OK? Did I hurt you?" She answered by a nod and shake. We kissed briefly then "Then why are you crying?"
Shaking her head and blinking her eyes to clear them. "Thank you for teaching me the difference." Her hands cradled my face as she struggled within herself.
"After that, you don't need to thank me." I kidded.
"Yes I do." she swallowed, "I love you so much. Don't ever leave me."
"Leave you?" I said, surprised. "Don't you understand? You're mine."
Unable to speak, tears streaming down the sides of her face she nodded.
I held her as she calmed down. After a while, I joked "If you're going to do this every time we have sex, we're going to have to stop."
Her eyes widened "I don't care if I'm bawling like a baby. You are NOT going to stop that!"
I kissed her face several times then rocked forward a little. I was still hard, deep inside. Her eyes got wide. Repeating it, she moaned. "God. You're still..."
Grinning, "You do that to me." rocking forward again.
A look of concern crossed her face, she hesitated. I pulled out a little and slid back in. "Oooh, fuck." I felt a spasm around my dick.
"Hmmm?" I asked.
"Stop it! I need to...fuck! Stop that! I need to ask you something." she was desperately trying to stay quiet.
I paused long enough for her to start to ask "Can I, ugh! Damn it! This is serious!"
Stopping, "I'm sorry." We both knew I wasn't.
"You better be." she chided. "I need to know something."
"Ok, what?"
Grinning mischievously, "I need to know if I can still be your little slut?" and started rocking and grinding against me. "If so, I want you to fuck me."
As soon as she asked it, I felt my dick get even harder "Do I need to get you a pillow to scream into?"
"Mmmmhhmmmm...only if you fuck me good." she said, grabbing a pillow.
"I love you." I told her.
"Then fuck my pussy full of your cum." she told me. Dirty Girl was back.
Pulling out, I shifted a bit to get a better angle, so that my shaft would rub the top of her pussy as I slid in. "Do not wake the parents." I warned.
"If you fuck me like you did last night, I might wake the neighbors." she teased.
Thrusting in, she bit her lip, groaning, "This is a mistake!" but as soon as I pulled out, she put her hands on my back, pulling me back in "Fuck me. I can be quiet."
Grinning at the challenge, "We'll see." and began sliding in and out, building speed. She was so wet. We began to hear the smack-smack-smack of our bodies meeting. Lori kept up a quiet string of curses and imaginative obscenities that just seemed to fuel us both on up until she came. Pulling the pillow over her face, she held it there as she cried out.
She was still pretty loud but I was pretty sure Mom and Dad couldn't hear us. Hell, by that time, I really didn't care. Lori went limp as I continued pounding into her. When she pulled the pillow away, gulping in huge gasps of air, I stopped. Looking down at her, I was astonished.
Quirking her lips, "Come on, fuck me. Cum in my pussy. Fill me up." feeling the twitch, I fought to hold back. I could feel the walls of her canal trying to grab and hold onto me but she was so slippery that I was gliding with ease. "After you cum in me, I'll suck you clean. I'll lick up every drop of our cum. I'll take into my throat. I'm gonna be your dirty little cocksucker. Cum in me!" she commanded.
I cried out as I came. It shot through me with such force it almost burned but I slammed in as deep as I could, firing off a good five or six shots before almost collapsing on top of her in exhaustion.
"Ooooh. You came a lot, didn't you?" she moaned.
Nodding, "Fuck, you're dirty!" I told her then our lips met.
"I need you do something when you pull out." she said after we parted. I nodded. "Go to my bag and get my white thong, bring it to me." Confused, I agreed.
Gathering my strength, I pushed myself up. "Ready?" I asked.
"Yeah."
Pulling out, she tilted her hips up. I saw how red her normally light pink lips had become and ran my fingers up and down her opening. Quivering, "Quit. I'm already going to be walking bow-legged in Church tomorrow. Now hurry up and get my panties."
I got them and returned. She was so beautiful. Covered in sweat, skin flushed, her nipples were still hard little rocks. I needed to play with those some more. She lay there with her eyes closed. I got a better look at what I had just done to her. Bright red lips parted and wet. Crawling back on the bed, before she could move or say anything, I licked her opening and sucked on her clit. Her hands flew to my hair and grabbing hands full, she jerked me up saying "No! That's mine! Put my panties on me. I want to sleep with you inside me. That's how I always want to sleep. Full of you."
Shaking my head, I lifted first one foot then the other, sliding the panties on. She lifted her butt and pulled them tight. "Lay down. I need to clean you.
Looking into her eyes I told her, "You don't have to do that. You've done enough for tonight."
Rubbing my chest, hand drifting lower, "I know. I don't have to but I want to. If you'd rather I didn't, I can understand."
"You really do like it, don't you?"
Nodding, Lori smiled, "Yeah. At first I did it to be...you know...but I really do like it. If you don't want me to, I wont."
My dick actually twitched, as if it had any hope of reviving. "What you do to me is indescribable." I moaned as she moved between my legs.
"Do you think you could cum again?" she asked, hope in her voice.
I shook my head and replied "I think I'm empty."
"Damn! OK. Tomorrow you're making up for it, though." Bending her head down, she began slurping our combined juices from around the base of my cock. She never used her hands; instead she used her nose to nudge my dick out of the way of my balls. She has a wonderful tongue. She made sure to gently suck each ball clean. Looking up she said "You have no idea how good this is." and licked her lips.
Smiling back and licking my lips. "Oh. I think I have an idea. I know how delicious you are."
Looking down in time to see a twitch. "Is that for me? Tell you what," swinging around until she was kneeling with her ass pointed at me, she pulled the thong aside and tapped her tiny exit. "If you give me a fresh load of cum, I'll let you put your huge cock in my little butt. Is that a deal?" My dick twitched again and was trying it's damndest to rise.
Reaching out, I ran my finger down her butt until it was resting on her tight hole and applied a little pressure. "If you can get it, it's yours." I promised.
Scooting away, "Nope. No more until I get your cum!" Lowering her mouth to my hardening dick, she whispered something before she gave it a long lick from base to crown then she took in the head. With what seemed like practiced ease, she immediately sank down to the base. I wasn't at full mast yet so I guess it was easier. Swabbing her tongue around, savoring our flavor, she began bobbing her head as I got harder. I didn't know how she had managed it but pretty soon I was fully hard, enjoying her attention.
Still never using her hands, she would pull off and lap at the head of my shaft as it throbbed in front of her before taking me back into her mouth and throat, bobbing on it. After only a few minutes, I was stunned by the sudden sensation of an impending orgasm and I began thrusting up to meet her mouth when she pulled off. "Use your hands. Like in the shower. Force me to take your cock into my throat. Fuck my mouth." then took me back to the base.
Sliding my hands through her hair, I grabbed fists full. Raising her up a little, I forced her down. The moan she released buzzed around my cock. Lifting her up a little more, I began thrusting up as I was pulled her mouth down. She never tried to struggle. It felt so good that, before I even knew it, I was coming. "Holy shit!"
I pulled her head up until just my head was inside before I shot into her moaning mouth. Lori was sucking even as I filled her mouth; swallowing as much as she could. Letting her go, she continued trying to draw every drop out. My balls ached from the release! I lay there panting as she finished. Finally satisfied I was clean enough, she pulled herself off. Her hand came up, gently rubbing everything like she was saying goodbye to her favorite pet.
Lori looked at me as she lay down next to me. "Thanks." I murmured.
"For what? That? That was for me. You just got lucky that it was your cock I was sucking." she teased.
"God, Lori, where does it all come from?" I asked.
Propping herself up next to me, she asked "Where does what come from?"
Gazing up at her, "One minute you have trouble saying 'dick' the next you're talking about being a cocksucker." I felt a little odd saying it. Sure, she was the one who said it first but you just don't call your girlfriend a 'cocksucker' and not expect to get slapped.
Leaning down, she kissed me deeply. Her lips were still wet from my...our...cum. She thrust her tongue into my mouth, making me taste myself. I had never thought about it before, and I wouldn't admit it to anyone else, but it turned me on to kiss her after I had just blown my load into her mouth. I put my hand against the back of her head as we shared the kiss. Pulling back, she complained "It's not my fault. I'm not the naughty one."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yes. You're the naughty one." she said, face perfectly straight.
Smiling, I asked "How do you figure that?"
"Well, I'm not the one who fucked his girlfriend full of cum, twice! Back to back."
"Well..." she interrupted.
"You put so much cum in my little pussy, I just had to put on panties to hold it all in! I hate to wear panties." shaking her head, "And then! Before you put them on me you licked my swollen, well-fucked, cum filled pussy! You actually tried to steal all that yummy cum! How dare you?" she chastised.
"Uh." I smiled at her take on things.
"So you put my panties on my sore little pussy and now they'll probably be soaked with your cum. I have to wear these to Church in the morning! It's that or go without. And how would that look, huh? Walking up to communion with your cum dripping out and down my legs? Making me look like a slut in front of your parents and all of our friends! And you call ME naughty." pausing to kiss me, "And that's not all." She punched my shoulder.
"HEY!"
"Then after you ruin my panties you make me put you big dirty cock in my mouth! If that wasn't enough you start fucking my mouth, slamming my head up and down your thick shaft until you squirt your hot cum right in my mouth! I'm naughty?" her voice rising to a loud whisper. "After that you make me kiss you when you know I still have your cum in my mouth. I mean, eeewww!" She shook her head. "You're eating your own cum? Out of my mouth? I bet you're going to do what you threatened too!"
"Uh, what did I threaten?" she was on a roll and although I felt a few twitches down below, there was no chance of a fourth round tonight.
She leaned back in whispering, like she was afraid of being heard "You tried to put your finger in my butt! You told me you were going to put your big hard cock in it. You told me you were going to buttfuck me! Take my little anal cherry and just fuck me til you pumped your cum in there. Disgusting! Like I would want that! I've never put anything in there because it's just too tight. And now you're going to make me do it. You call ME naughty? Nuh-uh! You're the one who's naughty. I was an innocent and pure virgin until you started to treat me like a slut! I mean...."
She pulled back, grinning, "You mean that?"
"Fuck, Lori! You're going to kill me talking like that. Yes! I mean that!"
She shrugged. "I don't know. Really. It's just something that happens." she kissed my chin. "I can't explain it. You really are doing something to me. I can't control myself. That note? The last one? That's why I asked you to help me. I was serious." looking at me intently "I promise I will never cheat on you. It has to be you. YOU. That's why I was so..." she shook her head. "I would have blown Kurt because it would have been, I don't know, something to do. Not with you. Even though you're only half hard right now, I want to taste you, suck you, fuck you, everything!" pausing for a quick kiss, "Then, when you told me you loved me. I was never so scared. I thought...." Shyly, "Say it again, please?"
Pulling her to me, I spoke into her ear, "I love you, Lori. You're mine. I won't share you. I will never cheat on you."
"I can't bear to be apart from you. What are we going to do?" she asked worriedly.
I felt the same but we needed to time to think and talk about it. "We'll figure something out. Let's talk about it tomorrow. When we both have clothes on and can think more clearly."
Pulling the sheets over us, Lori turned off the lamp and we drifted off to sleep holding each other. Morning was only a few hours away.