This is the 4th and final chapter of this story. Read 1-3 first. All characters 18+
Ali
The jetski ride back was pretty uneventful, at least at first. Brit drove, as she was the least drunk in everyone's estimation. Ben sat in the middle, and I was in the back. There wasn't much room so I really had to press my entire front side, from my crotch up to my tits, up against Ben's back. I interlocked my fingers tightly on his flat stomach.
I looked over at Mary's jetski and did a double take. Like me, she was still naked. Sitting behind Ethan, it looked like she had her right hand down the front of his swimsuit. I saw her arm working vigorously and knew that she was jerking him off. My eyes looked up to Bill's jetski, on which he sat between the driver and Chad. They were about 300 yards ahead of us. Mary didn't have to worry about being caught for now.
We were headed toward a tiny and uninhabited but heavily wooded island, and Bill's jetski went around it to the right side, moving fast. I saw Ethan lean forward and say something to their driver and she veered left toward the other side of the island and slowed down. Ethan stood up and turned around, removing his trunks. The last thing I saw before the island blocked our view of them was Mary stepping her leg over his as if to straddle him. We followed Bill and Chad for a couple minutes, and soon saw their jetski slow, and then turn around. He had noticed Mary was gone. I felt compelled to help Mary out here and stall him. As we passed them, he was pointing and saying something. I signaled that I couldn't hear him, even though I knew what he was saying. Frustrated, he made the motion to cut our engine. Their driver did the same.
"Did you see where Mary's jetski went? I thought they were right next to you."
I looked around as if I hadn't noticed and shrugged. "Maybe they left something on the island and went back?"
"We're going to find them."
"Hang on. I think you're dick's getting sunburned, Bill. Did you put sunscreen on it?" I asked.
"Oh shit really? I put some on at first but I guess it washed off in the pool. I guess it is a little red. Do you have any?"
"Let me see, I think so." Slowly I rummaged through my bag, finally pulling some out. I stepped across the 2 feet of water between our boats. I could have just let him put it on but I figured I could buy a few extra seconds if I did it myself. I spent about 30 seconds applying it thoroughly to his dick and balls. His dick was pretty small flaccid, and by the time I was done it was fully erect but not much bigger. It was smaller than Tom's for sure.
"Thanks," he said awkwardly. Stepping back to Brit's jetski, I laughed internally as he struggled to find room to sit down between 2 guys with his little boner. Lara and Sam had pulled up, and I saw Lara giggling too.
They took off at full speed back toward where Mary and Ethan had stopped. I calculated that they had about 90 more seconds to be done. "You think you stalled them enough?" asked Brit. I just shrugged. I had no idea.
We needn't have worried. No sooner had Bill's jetski disappeared than Mary's appeared from around the other side of the island. They caught up to us and cut the engine.
"You guys have fun?" I asked with a smirk.
"No idea what you're talking about," Mary said with a grin. "Where's Bill?"
"Went looking for you. You're welcome for stalling him," I said. She smiled at me appreciatively and blushed.
"Ethan, won't Bill notice your trunks are still off?" asked Brit.
"Probably, but someone got a little excited and kicked them in the water accidentally and they sank." Mary rolled her eyes, grinning.
A couple minutes later, Bill's jetski appeared. "There you are. Where'd you go?" he asked when they approached.
"Ethan thought he saw a dolphin, Mary said. Come on, let's go to the boat."
As we took off, I thought I heard Bill ask behind us, "Hey, why's Ethan naked?"
Tom
I saw several jetskis approaching, holding a mixture of naked people and clothed. Definitely from the island. Probably from the boat anchored about a half mile over, I thought. I wondered when the smaller boat attached to Ethan's yacht would be leaving to go collect Ali and the rest.
I glanced over at Ashley, who seemed to be experiencing a mixture of shame and panic, as if she'd just realized she was naked and covered in cum. She was trying to cover herself with her hands.
Turning back around, my heart nearly stopped. Standing on the deck completely naked and staring right at me were Brit, Ben, and Ali. For a moment, we all just stared at each other with no one daring to move, like gunslingers in an old western. I saw Ben smirking.
"Ali, what the fuck are you doing with these two?"
Ali looked incredulous. "Really Tom? That's what you have to say to me? These are friends I made at the party, who actually happen to be from our hometown. Ethan said they can ride back with us because they are going to the same marina. I might ask you the same question... What the fuck YOU have been doing?"
"But, they're-"
"No!" Ali shouted. "You have no right to complain about anything my friends and I have done!"
I took stock of my situation mentally, and it was bad. I was sitting naked on the pool deck, and my wife had just basically caught me fucking my coworker. There was no denying what had just happened. Worse, she'd arrived naked with my ex-girlfriend and the guy who stole her from me. Still worse, the rest of the partygoers were now on deck, which included my boss and several other coworkers. It was embarrassing already, and explaining in front of everyone who her new "friends" were would only make matters worse.
"Ali, can we speak in private?" I asked.
"Not now," she said. "Ethan's going to show us where the showers are. I'm upset, and I'm covered in sweat and sunscreen. We'll talk later."
With that, Ali, Ben, Brit, Bill, Mary, Sam, and Lara followed Ethan toward the cabin. I had plenty of concerns about the shower situation, but was in no position to voice them.
As they disappeared, I looked around. Jill had returned to the bar. Tracy had stirred the snoozing Rick and was escorting him away. Only Chad, Ashley and myself remained on deck. Chad approached Ashley, who I now noticed was sobbing. I regarded Chad nervously for obvious reasons, but he didn't spare so much as a sideways glance my direction.
Calmly he helped her to her feet and wrapped her in my towel. "Come on, let's get you cleaned up."
I was now alone on the deck.
Ali
There were 3 separate shower areas on the boat. There was a 2-stall setup in crew's quarters with a neck- high wall between the stalls. There was shower connected to a small guest bedroom, and a larger one in Ethan's master bathroom. Lara and Sam took one stall of the crew shower, while Mary and Bill took the other. They were still fighting. As we walked out, I could hear Bill saying, "But that still doesn't explain why he took his pants off."
Ben and Brit got the guest room shower, and Ethan motioned me to follow him. I wondered where this is going as we walked into the impressive master suite. He made a show of removing his fanny pack and dropping it on the bed. I laughed.
"Plenty of room in my shower if you're feeling the need for revenge," he said casually. So there it was, my husband's boss had me naked in his bedroom and had just propositioned me. But he seemed genuine and concerned, not predatory.
"That's tempting, Ethan, it really is. But I think I'm going to just wait on Brit and Ben to get done. I'm exhausted, drunk, and I need to think." Even as I said these words, it was hard to turn down. His penis looked very inviting. "Besides," I added, you must be tired from jetski ride with Mary."
"Fair enough," he said. "But if you change your mind, you know where to find me. And I assure you, fatigue won't be an issue." His confidence almost made me stay, but I managed to walk out on shaky legs.
I sat down on the bed in the guest bedroom and sighed. I felt so many emotions. Guilt for some of my borderline behavior. Exhilaration from being naked in public all afternoon long. Anger at Tom for whatever he'd just done with Ashley. Lust toward some of the big dicks I'd seen, especially when I remembered what it had felt like accidentally sitting on Sam's. Shame for having done that, and for some of the naughtiness in the pool that I could only half remember. I was confused because I'd had more fun than I could remember having today, but I didn't feel good about my day in retrospect.
Three things were for certain.
1. I was without a doubt an exhibitionist. I loved being naked, especially around other naked people. It was a turn on just as powerful as physical touching for me. I loved the casual nature of it, doing the same fun stuff I'd always do outdoors except doing it naked. It's crazy to think that an accidental encounter with my students of all people is what unlocked this for me.
2. I needed to cum more like I had today. The orgasm I'd had was mind-blowing. I had thought at the time that I would get it out of my system and tamp down some of these charged feelings I'd been having, but it had only made me want more. Somewhere in the dark recesses of my mind that I wouldn't allow myself to think about, I feared that after accidentally letting Sam's dick in me for just a few seconds, I was going to have trouble getting myself to stop thinking about big dicks.
3. I had to figure out what to do with Tom and me. He'd clearly just crossed a line, but I'd been crossing them all week. I loved Tom, but I knew now that our marriage was missing something. If we were going to last, he was going to have to find a way to give me what I needed in my sex life or he was going to have to be willing to let me find it elsewhere. It really wasn't even that he didn't have a big dick. His dick was nice, and medium sized. I'd seen plenty smaller ones on the island today. The main issue was his energy- he lacked the sexual confidence and the willingness to be adventurous that I now found that I desperately needed, now that I'd experienced it. So many of the men who'd seen me naked the last few days desperately wanted to fuck me- I needed Tom to want it just as bad.
My thoughts were interrupted by Brit moaning in the shower. I walked quietly to the door, which was open, and listened. I heard Ben speaking. "Mmmmh yeah- fuck that's good. He looked so stupid sitting there with his little dick realizing we'd been with his wife all afternoon, touching her and teasing her. We made him look like a pussy, just like we did back then", he said.
Without thinking, I strode purposefully to the shower and ripped the curtain back. Ben was holding Brit up against the wall with his arms under her thighs and fucking her against the wall. "What are you guys talking about?" I demanded. "Do you already know Tom?"
Ben laughed as Brittany told him to put her down. She grabbed my hand and pulled me into the shower. She smiled. "I dated Tom for 5 years in high school. We took each other's virginity. When he went off to college, I met Ben. Long story short, we started fucking. Tom walked in on us one night and we never spoke again."
Holy shit, I knew she'd looked familiar. I'd seen some old pictures of her with Tom.
I looked at Brit, and she stared right back. At least for now, the cute, fun, small town girl with the dazzling green eyes and the hint if a southern twang was gone. Her eyes burned into me brightly and her voice became more clipped and intense. "I loved Tom, but that was because he was all I knew. When I met Ben, he showed me what I'd been missing. He talked, fucked, and carried himself in a totally different way. He's an alpha. You're beautiful, Ali, and you deserve the thrill of being turned on in new ways. You are a lioness, and so am I. Don't you ever wonder what its like to be with the king of the jungle and not some beta? Don't you understand that you've settled?"
I'd been so focused on Brit's gaze that I didn't notice she was rubbing my pussy, and Ben was softly caressing my tits. I didn't notice that she'd put my hand on Ben's cock, and I was stroking it gently. I realized these things, I absorbed her words, and something in me snapped.
I withdrew my hand. His cock was fairly nice, and I even enjoyed touching it, but I was angry now. Brit had just unintentionally helped me reconcile some of the confused feelings I was having. She was right- I was a lioness, but she was wrong that she and I were cut from the same cloth. I actually pitied her in this moment. Maybe she was right that Ben was more alpha than Tom, but that didn't mean it was ok to humiliate him on purpose. Maybe she was right than I needed more adventure and excitement, but that didn't mean they could fuck me. Brit was in the same situation I found myself in now years ago, and she fell for it. But I wasn't about to. Ben was assuming I was a powerless little girl, unable to contain my inner slut when I saw a dick bigger than my husband's. I had to teach them a lesson. I had to flip the script. And I had to cum.
Brit had sensed a change in my energy and stopped touching me. Ben was obliviously still playing with my tits, and I turned and slapped him on the face, firmly but not violently. "Lay down on the floor of the shower," I said. I tolerated the stupid, stunned look on his face for about 2 seconds before I grabbed his earlobe and jerked downwards, hard. He complied.
I looked at Brit, who was looking at me with something that looked like fear mixed with admiration. "Sit on his cock and fuck him. Be gentle though- he looks rattled." She obeyed, and lowered herself onto him. Ben had regained his cocky facade and started to say something about how he was never rattled. He didn't get 2 words put before I sat down on his face hard, facing Brit.
"Eat my pussy until I cum or I swear I'll suffocate you with it." He started licking me immediately, and I leaned forward to get my butthole off his nose so he could breathe. Brit was gyrating slowly on Ben's cock and started to moan. I twisted her nipple. "You don't cum before I do." She nodded and slowed.
Ben did a good job and a few minutes later I came. It wasn't quite as big as my orgasm earlier in the day but it was pretty damn good- I moaned and trembled as I came. When it was over, I put my knees on the ground and moved closer to Brit. I gave her permission to cum and she did almost immediately. Shortly after, Ben started grunting. "Get off him," I commanded. Brit did, and sat indian style on the floor, exhausted. I climbed off of Ben and sat on the other side of him. I grabbed his penis, and after a few strokes up and down his shaft, the cum started to spurt. I marked my territory, hitting Brit in the neck and tits with the first rope, and painting the remaining streams directly at Ben's own face.
Brit giggled at and smiled warmly at me. The sweet, pretty girl was back. Ben looked pissed, on the other hand. "What the fuck was that?" he said.
I winked at Brit and stood up. "Let's get cleaned up, I'm starving."
Tom
A buffet dinner was put out for everyone to grab food at their leisure. Everyone spread out to eat, some ate at the bar, some at a couple of tables that had been set up over to the side, and some on the pool deck. I was grateful that we weren't all eating together as a group given the events of the day. After seeing everyone naked, everyone looked different with their clothes back on.
As I sat at the bar, Jill was trying to make me feel better. It wasn't working.
Suddenly, Ashley came and sat in the seat next to me. I expected an earful, and prepared to defend myself. She had come on to me, after all.
Instead, she apologized to me. She said she knew her actions had probably gotten me in trouble with my wife. Even more surprising, she said Chad wasn't mad. He'd fantasized about her with other men apparently, but had been too afraid to tell her this. "I'd have been fucking other men for years if I knew I'd get away with it. You're not a bad lay actually, I'm almost sorry I didn't get to fuck you when you were less... distracted."
I mumbled my thanks, and we made some awkward small talk, and she finally we left to go find Chad. As she slid off the barstool, her small skirt flipped up in the back. She wasn't wearing panties.
As I watched her walk away, Ali came out, fully clothed now, and sat next to me. "Like what you see?" she asked.
"Ali I-"
"Look Tom, I don't know what happened between you two and I don't care right now. There will be a time later to talk about what today means for us going forward, and we'll have to be fully honest with each other then. For now, you should know that Ben ate my pussy while he had sex with Brit in the shower just now. With that, let's call ourselves even and just get through the rest of this night. Truce?"
This hit me like a sledgehammer to the stomach. I know I had it coming but why did it have to be Ben. I hated him so much. "That bastard."
"I found out who they are, Tom. I didn't know until just before the shower. What you did was wrong and I was pissed at you. But I also didn't like what they did to you, trying to humiliate you on purpose by flirting with me and touching me when I was drunk. I now understand Ben's a jerk. I think Brit's a sweet person, but not when she's with Ben. That's why I didn't have sex with him. Trust me, I made sure he didn't enjoy what just happened in the shower. It was for me- I can admit that after seeing you with Ashley, I was jealous and I needed to cum without you."
Her brutal honesty hurt, but I was glad she felt at least some sympathy for me. Maybe we'd somehow get through this.
"Ok," I said with a weak smile. "I agree to drop if for the rest of tonight. Truce."
Ethan had turned on some music and was determined to revive everyone for a night of fun and boozing on the boat. It was only about 9pm, and indeed the party was starting to come alive again now that the sun was gone and everyone had eaten something. The booze was definitely flowing again.
I talked some with Chad, who I discovered was a nice guy, and we had many similar interests. He never mentioned my romp with Ashley this afternoon.
Eventually we saw Ethan and some others gathering over by the tables that had been set up. The two tables were pushed together. Curious, we walked over to them. Ethan was explaining the rules of a game.
"It's Texas hold em poker, highest hand at the end gets to make lowest hand do a dare. If you don't like your hand, you can fold so you don't risk the dare. In addition, highest hand gets to choose an additional person to lose a piece of clothing. When someone gets naked, they no longer get dealt in but can still be dared. Last one standing wins."
"So it's like truth or dare blended with strip poker," observed Mary.
There was a murmur as everyone discussed the idea with their spouses and the other people next to them. I expected plenty of people to opt out. To my surprise and slight disappointment, only Lara and Sam did.
"We're good," said Sam. "If it's ok we're just going to sit over by the pool, enjoy the boat ride, and take in the stars."
"No problem," said Ethan. "Everyone else in?"
Nods all around, some semi-reluctant and some more excited. I was on the reluctant side. Ali and I had just made a truce, and now we were about to start a game that would surely increase the sexual tension at a bare minimum. Ali looked more excited.
It was decided in order to make the game go faster that each person would be considered to be wearing 2 articles of clothing, top and bottom. So a skirt and panties together counted as one thing. This also evened out the disparities in items of clothing per person.
Ben won the first hand with 3 kings. I thought I might win as I had 2 pairs, kings and jacks. Brit was last. I knew immediately that he was going to make Ali lose her top, and did just that, grinning at me as he said it. Man, I hated this guy. Ali shrugged and pulled the T-shirt she'd put on over her head. She'd had no bra on, and now her boobs were exposed again after being covered for less than an hour. She looked at me almost apologetically as she sat back down.
"As for my dare to Brit, l dare you to kiss the hot shy chick on the mouth," he said, nodding at Tracy. Tracy flushed, then looked angry for a second, but accepted the light peck that Brit put on her lips without complaint. "Weak," Ben shouted. "Shoulda gave her some tongue." What a douche.
The next hand had Ben winning again. This version of poker was hardly even a game of skill, he was just getting great cards. But that didn't keep him from bragging loudly about how great he was at poker. And of course, Ali was the low hand.
"Shy chick, let's see those big ole shy titties," Ben said.
Glaring, Tracy stood. "My name is Tracy," she said. She removed her tank top, then her bikini top. Her tits looked even better in the semi-glow of the boat than they had in daylight.
"Alright Ali, walk up to Bill and put your tits in his face and let him motorboat em. He looks like he could use it."
Bill had been sulking at the corner of the table, his situation with Mary had not improved. His eyes widened, however as Ali approached. She sat on his lap, and shook her boobs at him, then stood and pressed his head between them. If it hadn't been my wife doing it, it would have been funny, and indeed most people around the table were snickering. I fumed inside.
The next hand was won by Chad. To my relief, he left Ali alone. He had Tracy remove her bottom layer, leaving her naked and out if the game. She was a good sport but I could tell she was definitely embarrassed to be the only one naked among us. Rick, who could barely sit up or speak, slurred his approval of his wife's body. Tracy smacked him as she sat down.
The loser of the hand was Ashley. Pondering the dare for a moment, Chad finally looked her in the eye. "Honey, I want you to go seduce Sam and Lara. See if you can get them to fuck you."
Everyone held their breath for a moment. Ashley looked afraid at first, but then gathered herself and walked toward Chad. She planted a kiss on his mouth, and then walked toward the pool deck.
"She may be a bit, we'd best continue without her," Chad said.
Jill won the next hand, with Mary having the low hand. She pointed to me. "Lose the shirt buddy." I did so, unsure why she picked me but making a note to retaliate.
"Mary, Mary quite contrary," Jill said, "What do I do with you?"
Mary smiled and leaned forward in anticipation. "Anything you want."
"Give Chad a handjob, right here and now."
Bill was immediately on his feet protesting. "Mary, no fucking way. You're not doing this, it's just a stupid game."
Mary looked at him impassively as she stood up. "I want to do it, Billy. Like I told you earlier, the more you try to control me, the more I want to be bad. Nothing's more unsexy than an insecure man trying to control me."
She walked toward Chad. Bill walked around the table and tried to intercept her, grabbing her wrist. "You can't do this, Mary."
She quickly lifted her knee and caught him squarely in the balls. He let go of her arm and doubled over in pain. "Don't tell me what I can't do. This is happening. If you can't handle it, go pout somewhere else." Bill looked at her for a moment, seething, and then stormed off toward the cabin.
Turning her attention to Chad, Mary had him stand up, and she turned his chair around so that it faced Ashley, Kara, and Sam on the pool deck. Ashley was giggling loudly at something Sam had said as she sat on the edge of his deck chair. She lightly stroked Sam's chest with her finger. Lara was just looking at her with a mix of confusion and vague interest. Sitting Chad back down, Mary said "I thought you might want something to watch while I work on you." She pulled his shorts down and removed his cock, which was already hard. She started pumping.
Ashley stood suddenly and removed her top and then sat back down next to Sam, poking her tits into his face as they talked. She was talking and laughing and pointed at Lara, who removed her top next and sat on the other side of Sam's chair. Sam reached out and fondled each of them, as if comparing.
"She's loving showing off those fake tits," said Chad. "Fuck that's hot.
"Yeah Chad, do you like tits?" asked Mary. Chad groaned and nodded.
Mary let go of his dick and removed her bikini top, and then stood quickly and removed her shorts and bottoms. She was naked.
"I do my sexual favors best when I'm completely nude. Hope you don't mind," She said as she gripped his cock again.
By the pool, Sam was now standing, and Ashley removed his shirt while Lara pulled down his shorts. Just as he stepped put of them. Ashley pushed him with all her might toward the pool. She had the element of surprise, and he stumbled, but recovered his balance just a step away. Until Lara pushed him from the other side, that is. He went tumbling in with a big splash. Lara and Ashley high fived, and then each slid out of their bottoms and jumped in after him, naked. They splashed and grabbed at each other playfully. Ashley went under and then surfaced directly in front of Sam. She grabbed hold of his hard cock. Standing on her tip toes, and pressing his dick flat against her stomach, with the base of his shaft next to her entrance, she gasped. The head of it was well past her belly button. Loud enough for us to hear, she said "That's how far you could go into me. Lara, how do you take this whole thing?" Lara giggled and began the process of demonstrating exactly how she did it.
"Fuck, I'm going to cum," said Chad, and he did, all over Mary's tits. She was playing with his cum on her tits when Bill walked back out.
He went ballistic. "What the hell? Why would you do that Mary?"
"You heard the dare, Bill. You seemed fine with the dares when Ali had her tits in your face."
"No part of the dare said you had to get naked! And you definitely didn't have to let him cum all over you! I can't accept this kind of behavior from my girlfriend."
"Well you don't have to any more Bill, because I'm not your girlfriend any more. We're done."
"What? Seriously? You're breaking up with me in front of my coworkers after I've put up with this shit all day?"
"Yep," she said, standing up. "Come on, Chad, why don't we go get cleaned up real quick and hurry back for the best part of the show over there at the pool."
A glance over showed Lara riding Sam's dick as he lay on his back next to the pool. As Ashley stood in the water and licked his balls and his shaft as it came in and out.
As Mary and Chad headed for the showers, Bill stood there in amazement. Noticing everyone watching him, he said "You people are freaks." And with that he headed for the bar to pour himself a drink.
Ali won a hand and had Jill remove her top. I don't even remember what her dare was, something mild and lame, comparatively.
I was dealt pocket aces the next hand, and I finally won one. I struck back at Ben and made Brit lose her top.
Jill was the loser of the hand, and I got my chance for revenge. "FaceTime your boyfriend and talk to him for 20 minutes while we play."
"He'll get pissed! I'm topless and there's people having sex over there!" Despite her protests I could tell she liked the dare. I got the impression when she'd mentioned her boyfriend earlier they she enjoyed teasing him.
She dialed, and positioned the screen so that only her face was showing. The phone was answered immediately. "Hey babe," she said. We couldn't really hear his end of the conversation as the speaker was turned away from us. "Oh not much, just playing some cards on the boat."
Mary and Chad had emerged from the shower. Chad walked straight for the pool deck, where Ashley was on all fours now getting pounded from behind while Lara watched and played with herself.
Mary walked back to rejoin us at the table, and walked behind Jill as she did.
"What? Oh yeah... some of our guests have had a lot to drink and they got naked."
She lowered her phone so her boyfriend couldn't see her face and rolled her eyes at the rest of us. When she did, she pointed the phone straight at her tits. Even with the volume low, we all heard his next words, "Jill! Are you naked too?"
"Oh um... Yes babe. Well just topless actually."
We heard some garbled shouting from Jill's boyfriend.
"I know, I know it's just there was this nude day celebration, and I kinda got caught up in the spirit of it." She had to once again aim the phone from her face to hide the fact that she was laughing as she shrugged at the rest of us.
"Relax, we are just playing this truth or dare type game now..."
She signaled that we should keep playing.
Mary won again the next hand, and Jill got last. She chose Brit to lose clothing, making her completely nude. Jill had gotten last.
A sinister smile spread across Mary's face. "I want you to blow Rick," she said in a half-whisper, loud enough for Jill and the rest of us to hear, but not her boyfriend.
Jill's eyes widened and she flipped Mary the bird, but she never stopped smiling. I'd almost thought Rick was asleep, but he sprang up at the mention of the dare. Quickly and eagerly disrobing, he tripped over his pants and face planted. After making sure he was ok, we couldn't help but laugh. He was hammered. Tracy just scowled and shook her head. She looked repulsed by her drunk husband and the entire situation. He staggered over to Jill excitedly and put his dick in her face, pretty much ending any chance of her being able to get away with this on her facetime call. Surprisingly, he'd still managed to get mostly hard, but his dick was still small.
"Jill! Is that a fucking dick?!?!" we heard over the phone.
"Well, yeah baby I just lost a hand and I have to suck it real quick. Don't be mad it's just part of the game so it's not cheating." And she began sucking. We heard some incoherent noise from the other end of the phone but I couldn't make it out.
At one point she pulled it out and stroked it for a minute while saying "babe surely you're not threatened by this little thing, yours is way bigger." I think he cut the call after that.
Jill tossed the phone on the table with a shrug, and everyone laughed. "He'll get over it," she said before resuming her duties.
We decided to play one more hand. Ali won this one. She looked at me. "Get naked, Tom."
Why would she do this to me? I thought we had a truce. As I stripped my clothes off I realized that the events of the game so far had made me rock hard, as hard as I'd been all day.
Brit had lost the hand. Ali looked at her, then Ben, then me, smirking a little. Brit looked at her intently, not knowing what to expect. "Brit- go take a shower with Tom."
It could have been my imagination, but I thought I saw a smile on the corner of Brit's lips before she suppressed it.
"Oh that's bullshit, you're not going through with that with this wimp are you?" asked Ben. "The game is over, c'mon Brit let's go get a drink."
Brit stood, and said, "Sorry Ben, these are the rules." She walked over to me and grabbed my hand. "Come on, Tom"
I was in a trance. This felt totally surreal. My wife had just sent me with my naked ex to the showers. Did she assume we'd fuck? Would we?
Just as we were about to enter the cabin, Brit looked around and saw that Ben was striding toward us with a purpose. He'd had to walk around a table but now he was closing fast. "Shit, Run."
We barely made it to the guest bathroom and locked the door before he got there. After trying the door, he beat on it several times. "Don't you touch him Brit!" he shouted. Shortly after, we heard another guy, likely Ethan, talking calmly to Ben. Then silence.
Brit turned to me. "We're going to fuck." Well, that was one question answered.
We did fuck. We started in the shower, in a standing position that got a little tiring after a minute. We laid a towel on the ground, and reverted to our old favorite from high school, the missionary position. Nothing was said during it, we just locked eyes and I gave in to the nostalgia and pleasure. I heard her nearing an orgasm, and closed my eyes, determined to last until after she came. She finally did, it would have been a hell of a fake otherwise. I told her I was close and she said to cum on her tits. For the second time today, I painted a set of tits that wasn't my wife's. After we cleaned up, we sat on the edge of the tub together.
"You were good," she said. "Ali's a lucky girl."
"Yeah, well Ben's still a motherfucker."
We both laughed at that. "I have fun with Ben, but lately I've seen some things in him that I'm not wild about. Who knows where we'll end up," she sad, shrugging.
"You look as good as ever."
"Thanks Tom, you've aged well too. I miss hanging with you. Maybe don't lose my number."
"How could I? It's been burned into my brain for almost 20 years," I said. "Along with some less appealing images."
"Tom, I've always regretted the way we treated you then. Ben was the right guy for me to be with, at least at the time, but it didn't have to go down that way. I'm ashamed, and I'm sorry. For whatever that's worth."
"It's worth quite a bit. Thanks. All forgiven. All you had to do was fuck me," I joked.
She smiled and asked, "Can I ask you something? Are you and Ali, like, swingers? Do you do this all the time?"
"No. Neither of us had ever strayed before this week. Ali's always been almost a prude. She's been... different on this trip. I've been very hurt by it, but I haven't been an angel myself, obviously. I don't like it- I mean- I enjoyed what just happened in there, don't get me wrong. But if it were up to me I am definitely not cool with us being free to mess around with other people. It was killing me as Ethan was sending pictures of her behavior on the nude island. I guess she needs this now, but to be honest I haven't decided if I can live with it."
She looked surprised at that. "What about you and Ben?" I asked.
"We tried it once with a couple we're friendly with, but Ben got jealous and called it off before much happened. He's always trying to get me to buy into a threesome, but we've never done that either until today. Well until today, kind of," she said sheepishly before adding, "but I don't think Ben enjoyed that very much."
At least Ali hadn't lied to me about that part. Part of me kind of wondered what she did to him, but not enough to ask.
"You think it's safe to go outside?" I asked.
"Only one way to find out."
Ali
I'd followed Ethan to the cabin when he went to calm Ben down. He walked in just as Ben started pounding in the bathroom door.
"That's enough, man," he's said. "They'll be out soon enough. Go wait at the bar and have a drink."
"Fuck you, that's my wife in there."
"Ben, if you break that door, we're gonna have a problem." Ethan moved a little closer to Ben, and made it more apparent that he had a good four or five inches on him.
Ben reluctantly backed down, and walked out of the room furiously. I followed Ethan back out toward the pool, and as we exited the cabin, we stopped to survey the scene. Rick was finally down for the count, passed out in the middle of the floor. Lara and Sam, now clothed, had moved back toward the bow of the boat and were enjoying the night air. Ashley and Chad were fucking next to the pool. Mary and Jill were fully naked, chatting and making drinks behind the bar like old friends. Bill and Ben were sitting at the bar, drinking and watching the show.
Tracy sat alone, at the table. She hadn't bothered putting her clothes back on from the card game, no one was paying attention to her anyway.
I turned to face Ethan, my exposed breasts brushing up against his chest in the narrow cabin doorway. "I'd say you threw a good party."
He laughed. "Can't argue with that. There's one thing I still wish I'd gotten to do, though."
I smiled. "Why don't you go to your room. I've got a surprise for you. See you in a minute."
Ethan gave me a weird look, but he obeyed.
Two minutes later, Tracy and I showed up at his door, both completely naked. "She didn't take much convincing," I said.
Tom
After we exited the bathroom, Brit went to find Ben, and her clothes. I had no interest in finding Ben, so I walked out the other end of the cabin, which was near the front of the boat. I ran into Lara and Sam, who I deduced had finished with Ashley and put their clothes back on.
"Hey guys, you seen Ali?" They hadn't. For the first time, I started to get nervous about what Ali might be up to. It had been fun with Brit, but now that I'd cum, I became worried Ali only wanted to distract me so she could be with someone else. What I'd said to Brit was true. I enjoyed the fun but if it came at the cost of Ali fucking other people, I'm not sure I was ok with it.
My heart sank further as I walked back around to the bar and pool area and still didn't see her.
To my surprise, Rick, who had seemed on the verge of passing out for hours, was walking around incoherently mumbling like a zombie. As I passed by him, he grabbed my arm and slurred a barely comprehensible question that I somehow managed to interpret- he was looking for Tracy. I shrugged and continued my search, heading back for the cabin with a lump in my throat. As I opened the door I realized Rick was following me. "Weirdo," I whispered to myself.
The guest room and crew barracks were empty, and so I made my way toward the master bedroom. The door was cracked. As soon as I pushed it open, I saw Tracy on her knees in front of a Ethan, his dick in her hand. Relief washed over me for about 2 seconds, until I took a step into the room and realized Ali was also on her knees next to Tracy. Before I could say anything, Ethan started spurting cum all over Ali's face and tits. I stood there as if rooted to the spot, unable to speak. It was one thing to see pictures and hear Ali's account of the shower earlier, but quite another to witness her getting spurted on in person after presumably fucking my boss. Tracy noticed me and gasped, and I realized Rick was standing beside me. She stood up, attempted to cover herself, and fled the room, Rick stumbling after her.
Ali finally and somehow her face was a mix of shame and bliss. "Hi, honey, how was Brit?" was all she said.
Tom (Two Months Later)
We stayed in South Florida a few more days. The baseball team won the state championship, and there was a tame celebration at the team hotel. Coach Davies gave a nice speech to the team, a small group of faculty, and the parents, whom he'd previously insisted on sequestering his team away from for the most part all week.
On the drive home from our vacation, we reached a stalemate. I wanted to put everything in the past, confess to everything we both did, and promise to each other that we'd never be unfaithful again. I told her I also wasn't ok with her exhibitionist behavior, especially when I wasn't around. Desperately (and maybe stupidly), I even confessed to fucking Chloe. She took in that news silently but seemed pissed, and did not reply in kind with confessions of her own.
She told me she understood my position and would think about it, and wouldn't say much more. For a torturous week, I had no idea where her head was at. I was worried we were on the verge of splitting up.
Then, the worst case scenario happened. Apparently, at the baseball team's celebration she'd let Hunter, her student and the star pitcher, take a picture of her tits as she flashed him in the corner of the hotel lobby near the bathroom. He'd asked her to show him them as a "reward" for winning and according to her, she couldn't resist being an exhibitionist. Besides, she rationalized that Hunter had already seen her tits. The picture was admittedly hot, Ali smiling broadly as she lifter her blouse and bra up to reveal her fantastic rack.
Predictably, Hunter trusted someone he shouldn't have with the picture. Soon, the picture was being spread all over our quiet community, and worse, the internet. The rumor that a student of hers had taken the picture was prevalent, but never proven. It didn't matter. It made national news and the picture was everywhere. Students were sharing and photoshopping it left and right. The school had to fire her.
Ali was distraught, but in my mind not nearly enough of it was because of the shame of her breasts being all over the internet and her face all over the tabloids. Instead, she just seemed upset about losing her career. At first I saw it as a silver lining that I assumed she'd definitely re-evaluate her bad choices and snap back to reality. But she almost seemed to be fine with the fact that she was being heralded publicly as a slut, but simply sad to have lost a job she enjoyed. I was humiliated of course. It was a tough time for both of us. I made decent money, but her income was definitely part of our budget and we had to make some sacrifices.
After a few weeks of this, she told me she'd decided she was done being upset, and she was ready to discuss our relationship and how we move forward and stay together. I took this as a positive sign and looked forward to what she had to say.
Until she started talking. She told me that a male friend of hers from high school, Stan had reached out to her with a business opportunity. Long story short, he wanted to be her manager and build her a website where she'd post sexy and nude photos. According to him, her body combined with the fact that she had briefly been a titillating national sensation as a "disgraced teacher" made her earning power high.
Obviously, I was vehemently opposed to this, at least at first. It was bad enough that everyone knew my wife had made a bad decision that made her look like a slut. But her leaning into it and embracing the labels that had been put on her was unthinkable.
We fought quite a bit about it for a few days, and once again I braced for her deciding to leave me. One night, she came to me crying. "Tom, I don't want to split up but I need this one thing from you. I don't have a career any more and obviously it hurts both of us that I'm not contributing financially. Also, I need this in my life. You know the beach changed things for me as far as discovering my exhibitionist tendencies. I promise, no sex, no touching other men at all. Just some sexy photos a couple times a week. I won't cheat on you, we can stay together, and we'll have a lot more money. Please? You'll be able to see my profile and if anything gets posted that you think is out of line, I'll remove it."
The ensuing conversation was long, and exhausting. In a weak moment, I eventually relented. If we could make a promise to be faithful to each other, the first such promise she'd been willing to make since the beach vacation, perhaps I could learn to live with some revealing photos. After all, anyone with an internet connection could already see her tits.
"I don't want this Stan guy there when you are taking sexy or naked photos. Either film yourself or use a professional photographer."
"Honey, I'd never touch Stan, he's gross. But sure, Stan will recommend a photographer.
"Preferably a female," I said, only half kidding.
"I'll see what I can do."
I don't really enjoy looking at her profile, it's pretty mild for the internet, mostly her just posting new pics in lingerie every few weeks with the occasional topless photo. I was shocked at how much money such relatively tame content could bring.
Things have actually gone pretty well since Ali started her website. In addition to her new windfall of earnings, Ethan recently promoted me at work and it came with a big raise. The only downside is I have to travel more in my new role, but it's well worth it as our newly enhanced incomes afford us a lifestyle we could never afford before. We just got back from a week long trip to Europe. It was wonderful to reconnect with Ali, we had great sex all week, and she even talked me into snapping a few topless pictures of her on a clothing optional beach one afternoon for her website.
It's not the way I would have drawn it up, but I can honestly say my life and marriage are in a stable place now.
Ali
I kissed Tom goodbye in the Atlanta airport. We'd just returned from a week in Europe, and Tom had a business trip in Atlanta that would hold him over a couple days. After he boarded his flight, I walked past the gate where Tom thought I'd be boarding my connecting flight and then straight out of the terminal. A man in a nice suit helped me with my bag and held the door as I got into the back of a black sedan. After a brief drive over to the private hangars, I was airborne in a private jet within 5 minutes, and on the ground less than an hour later. Another black sedan picked whisked me away, and in 10 more minutes I was being dropped off at a very large house in a suburban neighborhood.
I was feeling naughty as I walked through the house, and started disrobing, leaving my clothing where it fell. The trail ended next to the pool out back, where I now stood stark naked in the late afternoon sun.
"You know how to make an entrance," Ethan remarked as I sat down on the end of the oversized lounge chair he was sitting on.
I smiled and pulled my legs toward me, clutching my knees with my arms. "Thanks for sending the plane. Hopefully I'll have my own soon if the websites keep the money rolling in."
"Does Tom have any clue about your hardcore cam site or does he still believe all that money's coming in from a bunch of stupid underwear and topless photos?"
"He has no idea, trust me."
"He's a good employee and wasn't entirely undeserving of that promotion I gave him but sometimes I wonder about his intelligence in practical matters."
"Stop," I chided him gently, stretching my feet toward him and using them to rub the bulge in is shorts. "I don't like you talking about him like that."
"Have you thought about just telling him everything? Asking for his blessing of it?" Ethan asked.
"No, because its a lose-lose. Believe it or not, I do love Tom and don't want to lose him of he can't deal with it. On the other hand, I can't have him bless it either. It won't be as exciting if it's allowed."
Ethan had now stood and stripped off, and I was rolling his hard cock between the arches of my feet.
I continued, "Tom has no idea why he's suddenly needing to travel so much for work. He still thinks there's a guy named Stan managing my softcore photo site for goodness' sake. He has no idea how I'm earning the vast majority of the money and we're going to keep it that way."
"Speaking of the site, your paying customers have been aching for more content while you've been gone. I uploaded the photos you sent me of your wild night with those students to hold them over. But they want to see some fucking."
"Then we better show them some," I said. Then I stood and kissed him.
The End