For the first time ever young Maria was left alone with five handsome men. Somehow, she didn't mind. "Bye Mommy."
*
Maria Blanco felt a cool breeze caress her body as she lay atop her covers. Lashes batting against an irritable bright light she rolls over to hide her face in her pillow. The draft now terrorizing her backside made her shiver dramatically. Why was her room so chilly? Groaning against the daylight forced upon her through her balcony doors she realizes they were wide open. Wincing she sits up slowly and peers out at the blue sky.
"Why are my doors open?" She wonders covering her chest with her arms, even in her bra she boasted remarkable nipple hard on. Confused and waging war with a minor migraine she looks around and discovers a tray of food on a cart next to her bed. Someone had brought her breakfast. With no one in sight she turns her nose up at eggs benedict being Vegan. Mostly because her stomach was still upset from getting drunk for the very first time ever. Not only that but her breath was enough to ruin her appetite. Slowly rising from her bed she explores her massive bedroom closely for who might have delivered her eggs. Shuffling toward the doors she covers her eyes and realizes that she was not alone.
"Mother?"
"You're awake. I brought you eggs and juice. The eggs are tumeric so enjoy."
"Are you smoking?" She notes her Mom with a cigarette in her hand. She had thought Esperanza had quit smoking years ago.
"Just one. It is quite stale, but I needed it."
"You are wearing very little."
"I am covered."
"Your nightie is sheer Mother. I can see everything."
"Oscar likes my outfit."
"Of course. What of his sons? Are you not afraid that they might see you like this?"
"You know as a model I have worn less. Oscar wants me to be open, so I will honor my husbands wishes. How do you feel? You were quite intoxicated. I heard you threw up."
"I think I did. You heard?"
"Yes. Jacob carried you to bed and sat with you when you vomitted."
"Oh! You did not sit with me?" Her eyes bulged at the thought of a man taking care of her. She had zero experience being around men, her Mother isolating her in their home back in Colombia.
"Forgive me Sweetheart. Oscar kept me distracted. You should thank Jacob for being there for you."
"I will. I...did I take my dress off last night?" She peers down at herself with a hint of stress.
"No. Jacob removed it after you threw up on yourself."
"You would let a strange man do this to me? Mother I am humiliated. How can I face him now?"
"I have kept you far too sheltered throughout your life Maria. I see that now. You have had no man in your life, no friends, no...father figure."
"Nor a mother?"
"Yes. I have neglected you socially. Your Nanny was all you knew. At least I gave you a good life, nice things. Have I not?"
"Yes. I...men frighten me."
"Only because I have kept you hidden away from the world Sweetheart. I regret so much. Here with Oscar I hope to change that. To be a family."
"You did not allow me around men. I had no friends even. Now I have five very large brothers and a new Stepfather, it is intimidating."
"They will treat you well. I must have faith."
"You must have faith? What of me? You are going away for a month and leaving me alone with perfect strangers."
"It is only one month Maria. Oscar will set rules for the boys. Keep in mind that they are fully grown men that have careers, they will not be here every second."
"Of this I hope you are right. While I relish making new friends I...am shy Mother."
"You did well around them last night."
"I try, yet I had no choice. Can you not understand my fears?"
"Of course I can. Maria? This will be my honeymoon. Would you deny me that?"
"Noooo!" She pouts, "I...will just lock myself in my room and have Highbone bring me my meals."
"Nonsense Maria. You must adapt. Do not make your new family think that you do not wish to be a part of them."
"I...like them so far. I feel like a flea among giants."
"They are quite...big." Esperanza reflects of being nude as she collected her dress last night, circled by all five men. Her hormones were always high maintenance, even now. Shaking off the fantasy she crushed her cigarette butt out on Maria's balcony, deciding on flicking it over the balcony railing.
"I must pee." Maria leaves the threshold and scurries to her bathroom, not only to pee but to brush her teeth.
Sighing Esperanza leans her elbows on the balcony railing and looks down at the pool. Attention caught she wonders how she missed a very appealing sight. In the pool swimming laps was the youngest Barnett boy Wiley. He was totally nude and uncaring of the world around him. Mesmerized by his tight muscular ass cresting the water each time he switched directions she smiled. "How did I overlook him?"
Hearing a toilet flush Esperanza realizes that her daughter might step out on to the balcony and see her very first naked man she hurries and closes the doors. Truth be known it would not have been Maria's first time seeing a man. Just yesterday she had witnessed Wiley literally stroking his cock in front of her from this very same balcony. While embarrassed Maria did look and found it curious, running from it, but not letting it scar her. She was an adult even if she was sheltered her entire childhood from such topics. She barely knew of the birds and the bees.
Hiding at an angle so that Maria could not see her in hopes that she might think she had left, Esperanza notes Maria take interest in her eggs. Easing back to the rail she discovers Wiley climbing a ladder out of the pool to face her in all of his glory. Fanning herself Esperanza admired his beastly cock, "It must be eight inches. I think I will like my new home."
Grabbing a towel to dry himself off Wiley instinctively looks up at the balcony. Shocked to see Esperanza when he predicted Maria he smirks and waves up at his new Stepmother. "Morning."
Using her hands to quiet him down she leans over the balcony, her breasts drapping against the outer rail. "Good morning Wiley Coyote."
"Awww! She remembered. How's Maria feeling?" He walks closer to the balcony so he didn't have to yell. Hovering beneath her he gets a clear shot of her tits behind their sheer concealment. "Nipply this morning ain't it?"
"Yes. The air is very arousing." She whispers loud enough to hear. "She has a tiny hangover."
"Gotta love those hangovers." He notes her tits hanging over. She caught on to his jest and wags a finger at him. "If you're gonna wag a finger at me I'm gonna return the favor." He grips his dick and wags it at her. She frowned playfully. "You know you want this."
"Your father would not approve of your...flirtations."
"You know better. He sent you down to get your dress. You can speak your mind Esperanza. He won't object, but I don't have to tell him if it worries you."
"I do not wish to hide things from your Father."
"Me neither, but doesn't mean I won't. I don't need my brother Matthew to tell me what you're like. You want this cock."
"Perhaps, if your Father allows it. Until then I must...decline your offer. May I ask you a question?"
"Sure ya can."
"While I am away with your Father...do you plan to swim like this knowing my daughter is right behind those doors?"
"My home before yours Esperanza. I'm not changing my ways for anybody. If Maria sees me she's just going to have to cope with it. Dad's told me to try and at least keep it early morning before she wakes up. If we cross pathes I'll do my best to console her and explain myself. All I'm willing to offer. Deal with it."
"Obviously, I must. Please be...gentle around my baby. She has no experience in dealing with men. I have isolated her out of harms way since a baby."
"What about her Daddy?"
"A very bad man. This is why I kept her away from society. In my country young girls can easily be taken. I was fortunate, yet I knew she might not be if I let my guard down."
"Looks like your guard has to go down. Fiji is a loooong way from Texas. Don't you stress Momma I'll treat my baby sister like a Princess."
"Thank you Coyote. Even if your nickname means mischief."
"I'm fucking you when you get back from Fiji."
"You presume much."
"Deny you don't want this big fella inside that pussy."
She takes a deep breath and stands upright with a sneer. Another round of wagging fingers she sticks her tongue out at him before turning away. He chuckled and stroked his cock before heading inside for breakfast. He would at least wrap his towel around his waist at the breakfast table.
Making Maria jump at the doors opening back up Esperanza enters and seals them behind her. Smiling at her daughter she took a brief moment to sit next to her on the bed and hug her from the side. Maria knew something was amiss and merely stared at her mother with a questionable gaze, her right eye brow slightly peaked.
"I must warn you Maria..." She halts in explaining Wiley's fondness for exhibition, uncertain just how to word herself to her always inquisitive daughter, "...Oscar has told me there are very big mosquitos here in Texas. You must keep your balcony doors closed. It slipped my mind while I was smoking, this is why I shut the doors." She tried to be convincing, failing miserably. "How are your eggs?"
"Quite delicious. Bite?" She gathers a nibble on her fork and offers it to Esperanza.
"You know I detest food that is...unnatural. I must go get ready, Oscar will be looking for me. I love you Maria. I will see you downstairs in an hour. Our driver will be here to pick us up at 10:00. You should wear that cute yellow dress Oscar bought you."
"I do not have matching undies for that dress. You know how I like to..."
"I give you permission to go without. Just this once, Oscar would know that you appreciated him spending money on you."
"It is so very short Mother."
"Keep your legs closed, and do not bend over. I have taught you to be respectful in poise."
"Yes Mother. I will wear the dress but as soon as you and Oscar leave I am taking it off. May I ask my brothers to take me shopping? I only have dresses. Can I wear pants like those worn by the girls we saw at the airport?"
"Pants are for men Maria. You are forbidden."
"Shorts?"
"Have you once seen me wear such clothing?" She scowls.
"No. I understand that I need to be a woman Mother, but our life is...changing."
"Some things will never change Maria." She taps her index finger on Maria's nose playfully, "If they take you shopping buy yellow underwear to match the dress."
"That was my plan. Mother?"
"Yes?"
"What if my new brothers...do not like me?"
"Then, you must make them like you. Take interest in what they say and do, that will win them over. Men like to talk about themselves. Jacob appears very respectful and protective of you."
"He...took my dress off and saw me in my undies."
"He cleaned you up Sweetheart. Yes, it should have been me by your side but Oscar kept me from being Mommy. As long as Jacob continues to be respectful you will thank him and respect him in return."
"Of course Mother. Matthew scares me the most. He...looks at me strangely."
"That is his job I am afraid. He caught me off guard as well. Oscar told me that he works for the FBI in Dallas as a Profiler. His career is to examine people and know every detail about them. I am sure he means well."
"Tyson and Owen are very nice. Owen offered to give me a massage after I told him I missed our masseuse back in Colombia."
"He did?" Esperanza for the first time appeared concerned, she knew Maria had never been touched by a man. "Perhaps Owen will hire a woman to relax you."
"Is it wrong to be massaged by a man?"
"No. It depends on the man I suppose. I am sure Owen has good intentions."
"Then, if I can get over my shyness I may allow Owen to massage me?"
"If you like. Wear a sheet."
"I will be blushing the entire massage." Maria giggles.
"If he makes you too nervous ask him to stop. I am certain he will do nothing to upset you."
"I...will try to remain calm."
"You worry too much little one." Esperanza kisses her daughter on the forehead. "Perhaps I worry too little. I must have faith in my husband and his sons not to hurt you in any way. I do not believe Oscar would let them harm you."
"I am tough Momma."
"I know you are. Still, men are new to you."
"I will miss you Mother, a month is a very long time to be apart."
"I will miss you too Sweetheart. I really need to go shower. Oscar will be cross if we run late."
"I too will shower and put on the yellow dress."
"Wear your crucifix. It looks darling on your cleavage."
"I wear it all the time. The yellow dress will show much of my chest. I...get nervous that I show so much."
"You will be fine."
"My brothers will...look at me strangely."
"Men are men Maria. All males do that. For a woman it is an honor to be looked at. It is our duty to look our best."
"Best means...to wear clothing that reveals our bodies?"
"To a degree yes. Women are designed to appeal to the eye, clothing adds to that allure. Look where my body got us Maria?" She winks palming her daughters face, "We are rich."
"So...I must abandon my shyness and...wear less?"
"Your dresses are fine, less when you are older." Esperanza giggles. Eyes flaring with a vivid smile Maria tells herself that she would be a changed woman when her Mother returned from Fiji. Mind set, her shyness needed to be fought back.
"I go now."
Hopping up Esperanza wiggled away and left Maria's room closing her door. Maria bounced on her mattress nervously, "I can do this. I will prove to my Mother I am strong. No undies? Perhaps I will be stronger tomorrow, today I blush."
Unknown to both women downstairs in Oscar's private office Matthew Barnett sat back in his swival chair watching a TV just like he had in the family room. Observing Maria through hidden cameras he had seen and heard every word. Taking notes he pondered the future. "She's more naive than I anticipated. Works in our favor. We need to start off slow, spooking her too fast and we won't gain her trust. Get the trust we manipulate her, mold her into what we Barnett's like. While the cats away as they say." Matty Barnett formed a plan for each of his brothers. Followed she would change on her own without their devious influence. Of course, they would still do what they wanted. It was the Barnett way.
Leaving Maria's room for Oscar's master bedroom Esperanza made it five feet before the door to the bedroom next to Maria's opened up. Out stepped Tyson Barnett dressed to kill in a cowboy hat and all black clothing. He looked and smelled delicious. Nearly running into one another Esperanza stopped cold as he turned into her, his arm brushing across her chest. Startled Tyson stepped back and took a hard look at his new Stepmother in her sheer nightie.
"Well good morning New Momma." He smirked.
"Good morning New Stepson. Forgive my attire I looked in on Maria."
"Never apologize in this house Esperanza. You look ravishing." He stepped into her and kissed her cheek, lingering a moment to inhale her perfume she nuzzled his cheek.
"Your compliment is welcomed. Thank you." She whispered.
"I can see what my Daddy liked about you."
"And, what would that be?"
"Pretty obvious ain't it? Sexiest woman in South America, now North America." He sighed removing his cowboy hat out of respect. She remained very close to his profile, enjoying his warm exhales on her neckline. He too was in no hurry to step back.
"Is that all that your Father likes about me?"
"Purdy sure there's a long list. You parading around like that is gonna get us boys all worked up."
"I did not sense that when I retrieved my dress last night. You were all...very well behaved."
"Won't last." He chuckled then lightly kissed her shoulder before backing off. "Daddy tell you to come down and grab that dress?"
"No. He fell asleep after cumming on my face. I did not wish to leave my dress for Highbone to find in the morning."
"So, Stepmomma came down to say goodnight all proper to us boys."
"Your Father liked showing me off to his sons."
"You liked showing off to his sons."
"Is it not a woman's job to...stimulate men?"
"It surely is. I can't speak for my Daddy, but I'm pretty sure he's fine with you being so friendly." He nuzzles her ear and kisses her neck sweetly. Palming his cheek she moans. "Love the singing voice."
"Am I too be your Mother and your lover?"
"Long as Daddy consents I'm game. I won't go all the way without his approval. Do I want you? Up against this here wall if I could. Time will tell."
"Yes. It will. I must go. You will see us off?"
"Not me. I have to head to the ranch up north. You two have a good honeymoon. Do everything I'd do." He chuckles and hugs her, drawing back he looks her in the eye and just goes for it, a warm wet kiss on the lips made her tremble. A palm on her left breast took her breath away. Just as she reacts favorably the Master bedroom door opened up and out stepped her husband Oscar. Seeing them he scowls and clears his throat gruffly.
"I wondered where you slipped off too." Tyson backs off quickly leaving Esperanza flushed. Watching Oscar step up to the two of them he grips his son's shoulder then caressed Esperanza's cheek. Maintaining his vice grip on Tyson he kissed his wife with just as much enthusiasm as Tyson had. "Speaking of slipped off. Take that sheer nightmare off." He releases her then allows her to remove her nightie. Oscar claiming the thin fabric passed it to Tyson, "Dispose of this."
Tyson eyed Esperanza in her full frontal nudity and sighed, "I got some branding to do Daddy."
"Not just yet Son. What have I distilled into you boys about finishing what you've started."
"Seriously?" Tyson flared his eyes.
"Esperanza?"
"Yes Husband?"
"Five minutes kissing in the hallway. Hit the showers after." His rugged baritone voice made her quake. "That's kissing...not sex."
"Damn Pop."
"I'm calling your cell in five minutes exactly. You hear that ring you slap her on the ass and get yours to the branding iron."
"Thanks Pop."
Palm leaving Esperanza's cheek she fears his loss. Leaving her for the staircase he doesn't look back, only calling out, "Four minutes now. Don't waste a second." Tyson took full advantage pressing her back to the wall and they made out like true lovers. Four minutes later Tyson's cell lets out a ringtone of a cow mooing. Lips peeling away with a moment of sadness he turns her sideways and swats her butt cheek. She yelped and scurried away without looking back. Tyson? He looked long and hard. Hat on he went to work.
Esperanza used the cold water before it turned hot. This new home was very enticing. Beneath her waterfall she froze to consider the future here at Barnett Manor. Money, sex, more sex. She could easily get used to it all. Fingers to her lips she sighed. Tyson was a very good kisser.
The downstairs family room...
Wiley Barnett sat on the sectional butt naked and watched Maria taking her shower, he stroked his beast the entire time, the speaker picking up her singing. Minutes later Matty joined him on the sofa ignoring his brother's frequent masturbating.
"Little sister has one gorgeous body, doesn't she?" Wiley spoke without looking over at Matthew.
"Can't argue with that statement. You watching when Esperanza was in the room with her?"
"Nope. I was swimming, then grabbed bagels from the kitchen. I miss anything?"
"Girl talk. Maria is as naive as they get. Esperanza kept her from men so she has no clue how to react to us. Her Mom gave her a nice pep talk on how to be a woman. That, and how best to act around us. You need to slow down exposing yourself to Maria until we get her to trust us better."
"She wasn't turning away when I jerked off in front of her by the pool."
"Kid is curious that's for sure. Your pecker there is the first she's ever seen so it's instinct to watch. We just don't want to push her too hard or she's going to panic. Be her big brother for awhile Coyote, not the pervert next door."
"Not changing my ways Matty. I'll take her riding like Dad suggested, I'll even wear pants."
"I'm thinking we let Jacob or Tyson take her riding. You're too wildcard for my taste."
"Whatever! Fine let them, I hate horses anyway."
"You have trophies from barrel racing, you don't hate horses."
"Rather ride Maria or Esperanza." He laughed.
"Maria's a virgin. We are NOT breaking her until she's ready. Don't fuck this up or Daddy is gonna skin you alive."
"I won't." He groans ready to cum as Maria steps from her shower to dry off. A full frontal made even Matthew grit his teeth. The kid was barely eighteen and pure perfection. Watching her parade all through her bedroom as she got dressed minus any underwear the two men were captivated. Wiley nutting a highwire act of jizz into the air made Matthew shake his head and get up to leave. Wiley tried to fist bump his brother with his wet hand, which was grossly ignored. Matthew just walked away leaving Wiley laughing at himself. The Coyote was one twisted bastard, he loved fucking with his brothers.
Matthew heading upstairs toward his room crossed pathes with Oscar who was waiting on Tyson to come down just after his kissing bandit routine, mainly to learn of Esperanza's reaction to his gift.
"Mornin' Pop." Matthew greeted Oscar as they watched Tyson take the stairwell down at a giddy pace. Once the three faced one another Oscar placed an arm around each boy, turning his attention first toward Tyson.
"Damn good kisser ain't she Son?"
"That she is. Thanks for letting me have a lil' fun up there. Gonna be honest old man but I really wanted to reach down between her legs just to see how wet she was. I kept it civil just like you told me to."
"Plenty of time to get those fingers damp when we get back from Fiji. All I wanted was for Esperanza to understand that she married a fella with an open mind. I knew it the day I met her that she was easy, she just put on the elegant act. Not to say she's not elegant, she knows how to catch eyes."
"Observation Pop?" Matthew drew his father's attention his direction.
"Shoot."
"Are you using Esperanza to benefit in making business deals?"
"That and more Son. I do have a soft spot for my new wife, I didn't marry the gal just to share her. Course, you boys know me enough to understand your ole' man is a freak of nature. Love watching my gals play with others. If that gets cooperation from business partners along the way? You betcha."
"Maria?" Tyson winces.
"Now that lil' darlin' is gonna be Daddy Oscar's private lil' stock. Just like a fine vintage I'm only sharing it with those I find worthy. We've been through this boys. Work on that naive lil' filly and get her prepped for me. When I get home from Fiji she best wanna please her Stepdaddy. No room for failure fellas."
"Hello."
Frozen in a breath Oscar and the boys turn to find Maria Blanco standing halfway up the stairs. It was entirely possible that she could have heard them talking. Her beauty made all three of them hesitate to take her in from head to toe. Blushing heavily she tensed up.
"Well good mornin' Princess Maria." Oscar removed his arms from the shoulders of his sons, "That dress I bought you is stunnin'."
"It shows off too much of my..." She lowers her chin to her cleavage, her breasts loosely covered by the soft thin material. In the moment even her nipples were poking through at their staring. She chocked it up to the air conditioning.
"Long as they don't fall out, live for the day Princess. You look beautiful. Don't she boys?"
"Gorgeous." Tyson tipped his Stetson.
Matthew in turn merely winked at her.
"I...am unaccustomed to wearing such revealing dresses. Mother insisted."
"Your Momma knows best. Her being a fashion model and knowing you got the goods to be one yourself...always listen to your Momma." Oscar reacted with pride.
"Thank you for the compliments." She shies slightly as she speaks. Noting the men lifting their eyes up over her height on the staircase she prepares to look behind her but doesn't have the chance. Mighty hands grip her by the hips and hoist her in the air. Yelping at being caught off guard she finds herself rising against her will up over the shoulders of the gentle giant Jacob Barnett. In her movements her legs went flying wide and all three men below her caught a very vivid view of her succulent pink pussy. If for only a glimpse she knew they had seen her, before Jacob had drug her up over his head to sit her straddling his neck. She could not have expressed more shock at his brusque move. Holding her legs at the knees to keep her from falling he felt her warm inner thighs on the back of his neck. Warm and wet.
"Did you just pee on my neck?" Jacob grimaced.
"Nooo." She whimpered with a terrified look in her eyes. "Maybe."
Oscar and the boys below laughed at her uncontrolled moment. They knew it was accidental.
"Hell boy!" Oscar chuckled, "If I had a grizzly throwing me around I'd piss my drawers too. Don't you be embarressed Maria, happens to the best of us." She merely sat there biting her lower lip. Afraid of falling she hugged his forehead with her arms, her cleavage loose offering the shape of her tits without fully seeing them. She nearly knocked his hunting ballcap off. Finally, Jacob removes the cap and hands it up to her.
"Put this on." She reluctantly took the camo cap and placed it on her head, far too big it drooped over her brow forcing her to laugh. While blinded by the cap she tilted her head back to see past the brim.
"Turn the cap around." Tyson pointed as she followed his encouragement, now able to see better at least.
"Ain't that adorable." Oscar winked, "Pretty as a picture there Princess Maria."
"May I get down?" She pats Jacob's scalp. He was rather enjoying her pussy touching the back of his neck, bare ass resting on his upper back. Even the trickle of urine didn't bother the behemoth Barnett. Another arrival of brother Owen coming up behind Jacob and Maria draws the eyes of the Barnett clan. From behind Owen was able to see her ass cheeks exposed by her short yellow skirt being tugged higher in her seated predicament. Taking a cell pic before letting her know of his untimely arrival he put his phone away and reached up to grab Maria by her hips.
"I got ya." Lifting her from Jacob she was almost off of him suspended like a bridge between boys when Jacob grabbed her ankles preventing her escape.
"Let's haul her to the bottom of the steps Owen." Jacob took the lead as she squealed at being manhandled. A mere six steps down Owen claimed her fully as Jacob released his grip. With her dress riding high and Owen holding her ribs now the top of her dress slipped further and her left nipple exposed. She hadn't noticed until she was fully on her feet. Oscar playing the gentleman stepped forward and covered her breast.
"Can't be havin' you look unladylike now can we?" She eyed his hand so close to her exposed tit. "Might need to get this dress altered a bit."
"I am so very sorry if I have embarressed all of you." She pouted until Oscar drew her into a hug.
"Don't you go apologizin' for somethin' you didn't do Lil' Filly. The boys here are just being a bit rambunxtious. If there's any apologizin' to be done it's from the fellas."
"Sorry Maria." Jacob cringed a bit in his expression. "I was just playin'. You feelin' better?"
"Y-yes! Thank you for staying with me when I...threw up."
"I have your back anytime Baby Sister. You couldn't help yourself not being used to booze. I'm gonna apologize again for...you know...undressing you. That dress was covered in vomit."
"Mother explained. I...do not know what else to say."
"Laugh about it Maria. Those things happen to the best of us." Owen pointed out, "You remember when Wiley Coyote got so drunk he stripped naked in that bar over in Denison? Ain't nobody there wanted his ass dancing on the bar."
"Had to bail him out twice that night." Oscar chuckled. "No more than got him out and he did a chinese fire drill around the limo. That boy can't keep his britches up."
"We should stop talking about nudity guys. Maria's beet red." Tyson moved closer to rub her bare shoulder, "All we're saying Maria is don't let things get to ya. Every one of us has been in a situation that made us cringe and well...bawl our eyes out at one time or another. Gotta be tough to be a part of the Barnett's. So...just smile more and know ain't none of us are offended by anything you might do."
"Like taking a piss on my back. I'll be going up to change my shirt now." Jacob chuckles then slips around Tyson to peck Maria on the cheek, "No harm done Baby Sister, but...you're not gonna smile until we bring it out of ya." Before she can react Jacob moves his hands in and begins tickling her ribs. Her eyes flare as she wrestles with him trying to escape, her giggles leading to a vivid smile. Before she could even beg him to stop Owen joined him and tickled her from behind. She was trapped between them laughing uncontrollably.
"What is going on here?"
The Barnett clan looked to the top of the stairs to discover Esperanza in her teal dress, the fabric with a large oval window exposing her cleavage to the world. Stopping to check out their new Stepmom for all of thirty seconds Jacob and Owen resumed tickling Maria. Her laughter led to Maria yelling, "YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE ME PEE AGAIN."
The whole batch of Barnett's shared in her accessment. Finally, Oscar intervened.
"Relax Esperanza, the boys here were just having fun with their new Baby Sister. No harm done. Right Princess?"
Jacob and Owen cease their torturing of Maria and let Maria race up the stairs to greet her Mother. Still wearing Jacob's ballcap gave Esperanza the impression that this was indeed all in good fun. Hugging her Mother's side Maria giggled, "Save me Mother."
Removing the ballcap from Maria's hair Esperanza explored her daughter's eyes to discover she was having fun, all it took was for the boys to bring her out of her shyness more. Placing the ballcap on her own head Esperanza sniffed the air, the thin scent of urine crossed her nostrils. Patting Maria on the back she shook her head, "Go change your dress."
"But, you wanted me to wear this one." Maria pouted, "I only peed a tiny bit."
"She's fine Esperanza, what did I tell you about pampering Maria?" Oscar leaned on the post at the bottom of the stairs. Tyson waved up at Esperanza to capture her attention before sneaking in a blown kiss, then took his final leave. She did not blow a kiss back but instead chose to remove the ballcap and rally her own Texas wail of, "YEEHAW!"
"That's the spirit Wife. Hurry on down here and grab a bite before our limo gets here. Fresh grapefruit in the kitchen."
Taking Maria by the hand Mother and daughter return to main level, Maria shyly hiding behind her Mother while pointing at Owen and Jacob to keep their distance. Facing Jacob, Esperanza gave him back his hat. He in turn gave her a kiss on the cheek.
"Teal's your color Momma." Jacob sighed looking at her oval exposure. "Sorry if we had you worried there. We're just trying to make Baby Sister feel at home. Laughter and hijinks is in our blood."
"I understand. As long as Maria is happy I am happy."
"I am very happy...unless they tickle me again. I am too ticklish."
"Famous last words Princess. I'd keep that to yourself." Oscar grinned. "Highbone made muffins if you're still hungry. Blueberry even."
Maria's eyes flared and she took off toward the kitchen, all stares watching the kid wiggle without worry who was looking, not even Esperanza. Mainly because she never thought of herself as being anything more than a girl, not a woman. Esperanza found herself in Oscar's arms while he took interest in Maria as well. Exploring his gaze she worried slightly until he eagerly redirected his eyes toward his wife. "Hard gettin' used to having a youngun in the house again. Been awhile. It's nice to hear some gigglin' in the ole' haunted mansion."
"One's that don't belong to Aunt Harriat?" Matthew sighed. Esperanza opted to look at Matty with a hint of stress.
"Our home is haunted?"
"Ole' Harriat just likes to let herself be known on occasion." Oscar chuckles, "Smell of cherry pie now and again. Highbone's allergic to cherries so it certainly ain't his doing."
"No worries Esperanza." Jacob huffs, "Your moans drown out hers."
"That is not funny." She shivers then jabs a nail into Jacob's belly before smirking. He in turn jabbed her left tit through the garment window. She lowered her chin in awe then shook her tits at him. Oscar smiled at her reaction.
"You're gonna be right at home here Esperanza."
"I feel...very welcome."
"Gotta go feed my hounds." Jacob jabbed her right tit just before turning away chuckling, he didn't bother to go change his shirt. She fidgeted her lips at Oscar.
"You started it Missus Barnett."
"I suppose I did."
"Now you're going to get poked all the time." Matthew winked, "I have calls to make. Have fun in Fiji. Don't make the natives too restless Esperanza."
"Ohhhh, she's gonna do some island hoppin' so those natives are gonna be whoopin' and hollarin'." Oscar winks at her then whispers, "Nude beaches."
"Oh my! Shall I unpack my bikini?"
"Hell, just leave your luggage at home. I'll buy you what we need when we get there."
"You kids have fun." Owen steps away as well, "Going runnin'. Love ya Daddy. Love ya Momma." She was shocked by his admission so early into knowing her. She felt adored, her only worry was just how much they might adore her daughter in her abcence. No communication at Oscar's command made Esperanza stressed. All she could do was trust in her husband.
Joining Maria in the dining room where she was nibbling a blueberry muffin, Esperanza took a seat while Oscar went for grapefruit, knowing Esperanza watched her calorie intake to keep her body exquisite.
"Did the boys get rough with you?"
"No. I know that they were teasing me. You know I am very ticklish. They did not." Maria pauses between chews to make her Mother less worried. She hid the fact that her tit fell from her dress and that Oscar covered her up. She did not want her Mother upset before going off on their honeymoon. Nor, did she present the fact that her legs were wide and the Barnett's all saw her sweet little pussy if for only a rarity of moments. Strangely, Maria Blanco was coping well. "Are you excited to visit places that you have never gone before?"
"Of course I am. I...just worry about leaving you alone."
"I was worried of that, but I am strong Mother. I will work on myself while you are away. When you return I shall be the new improved me." She smiled cheesily, "Muffin? It is quite delcious." She fans her plate under her Mother's nose.
"I can smell the carbs. Give me a bite." Esperanza sneaks a tiny crumb consisting of a single blueberry. Reacting to it as if in ecstacy she pushes the plate away. "Shame on you for ruining my diet." The Blanco girls shared a humorous banter. It was shortlived.
From a side door stepped Wiley Coyote wearing only a towel, freshly showered from his earlier masturbation. Spotting the women he hesitates before entering, worried that Esperanza might take offense of his openness around Maria. Instead he started to back away when Oscar moved in behind him holding two dishes of grapefruits and strawberries.
"You comin' or goin' Coyote?" Oscar pushed his boy into the dining room. In the nudge Wiley's towel untethered a bit and it slipped down to his pubic region. The fact his big dick was always erect kept it aloft until he caught it. Esperanza was amused by his own embarrassment, she did not know Wiley had any modesty in him. Still, a quick glance at Maria made her become protective, leaning over to place a palm over Maria's eyes. Maria quickly dodged her Mother's attempt to mask her view and she stared directly at Wiley's tent pole.
"What I tell you about puttin' some britches on Boy?" Oscar scolded him.
"I'm covered." Wiley moved behind Esperanza and held his towel with both hands as he leaned in to kiss her on the cheek, "Morning new Mommy."
"Good morning to you as well Coyote." She too hid the fact that she had confronted Wiley earlier, their discussion leading to telling her he wanted to fuck her. It was better to just keep it on the down low. In his kiss however, Wiley untied his towel behind her and exposed himself to Maria. The blush was inevitable, even if she offered a shy smile. Wiley was funny. She liked him very much.
Oscar knowing what his son was capable of grumbled, "For God's sake Boy. Put your trousers on."
"Yes Sir. Morning Maria." He winked as she fluttered her fingers at him. Towel tied after a brief face forward exposure Wiley backed out of the dining room and headed upstairs. He had no plans to get dressed.
"I must apologize for that Boy. Being all bachelors the last year I let my authority wane a tad. I'm not sure Wiley will listen once I'm gone but you tell me if he gets too...brazen. Won't you Maria?"
"I will ignore him."
Esperanza rolls her eyes at her daughter, knowing better, "That is impossible. May I be excused Husband? I think I would prefer to make my own concerns known to Coyote." She awaits his wave but sits forward to feed her a fresh strawberry before she could get up. Lifting to reach the fruit poised before her she bent over the table, her breasts offering a beautifully constructed window to shop in. Even Maria noticed.
"Hurry it up. Runnin' low on time Esperanza. I'll just feed the Princess your half of the strawberries." Maria actually flared her eyes at his offer. She loved strawberries as much as muffins. Eager to sample one Maria rose to lean over the table just as Esperanza had, her own dress loosely drooping to reveal her breasts to just barely avoid areolas escaping. Oscar enjoyed the view as Esperanza stepped away. Once alone Oscar chuckled, "You like those berries don't ya?"
"Very much." Maria sighs awaiting a second berry. He held it back further than before forcing her to stretch harder to recieve it. In her slouched forward pose he caught glimpses of her nipples this time. She had zero clue that he was baiting her into his own private peep show. Content to keep her appetite satiated he let her have his own berries. The bonding was cute for her, but naive none the less.
Going upstairs Esperanza knocked on Wiley's bedroom door. Seconds pass before he opens it, minus the towel. Standing there in all of his glory Esperanza leered toward the stairs for safety then dropped to her knees in the threshold. Hands rising she grips Wiley's cock and strokes him to regal proportions.
"Lovin' the room service in this hotel." He chuckles as she scowls up at him.
"For some reason grapefruit was not as appealing as this." She winks then opens her mouth to take in four inches of his cock. He had to hold the door frame as she feasted upon him. Looking both ways he grinned like the devil. He knew cameras were recording their every move.
"Stepmom has talent." He whispers as she squeezes his balls beneath her chin, her mouth wide and repeatedly swallowing more and more with each thrust. Finally, Wiley just grabbed her scalp and face fucked her. Knowing her make up would be ruined she dug her nails into his thighs to instigate her release. He understood and let her feed on him of her own control. In mere moments Wiley, the youngest Barnett nutted into her mouth. Swallowing every drop Esperanza stood up and forced a kiss upon him. What she didn't predict was his still drooling cock leaving tracks on her teal skirt. Stains would be impossible to hide. Breaking away she whispered, "Fuck me when I return."
"Count on it."
Peeling away she headed back downstairs without looking back. Wiley just whistled at her wiggle and said, "I'll be taking that ass too." A simple pat on her own bottom was his answer. She loved anal.
Downstairs in the dining room Esperanza found Maria sitting in Oscar's lap as he fed her his final berry, having gone for a second helping. Shocked to see her shy daughter in her husband's lap Esperanza folded her arms across her chest. "Someone is getting over her bashfulness."
"Workin' my magic Esperanza." Oscar chuckled, "I'm thinkin' I need to have Highbone pick some more berries. Little girl here is obsessed with them." Maria merely nods with a half bitten berry to her lips. Before Esperanza could object to him having her daughter in his lap she heard the doorbell ring. Oscar patting Maria's leg to get off of him prompts her retreat. "There's our limo. Looks like you missed breakfast."
"I am certain the jet has food."
Hopping up Maria takes the remainder of her strawberry and hops over to Esperanza and feeds it to her Mother. It was delicious.
"Maria?" Oscar calls out to her, "Could you go upstairs and have Wiley bring down our bags?"
Esperanza bulges her eyes at his request. Knowing that Wiley would be nude and thinking she was coming back for more. Unable to respond before Maria darts past her Esperanza shook her head. Trying not to appear jealous that her daughter was coaxed into her husband's lap she merely fumed quietly.
"You pee on your own dress?" Oscar winced looking at Wiley's leftover stains. She turned pale and looked herself over. Without offering explanation she found Oscar stepping over to smell her breath. "And, you worry about Princess in my lap?"
"I...merely protect my daughter Husband. She is so very naive."
"If you're gonna remain under my roof you need to get over this...insecurity." His glare made her shiver.
"Forgive me Husband. I will...work on that."
"Go brush your teeth. I'll be waiting in the car."
Turning she did indeed pee her panties. For the first time since knowing Oscar Barnett she found herself scared. Not for herself, but for Maria. Esperanza was not used to competition, least of all with her unsuspecting daughter. She would stew over this for the first few hours of their long distance flight. For now she wondered if Wiley had exposed himself to Maria.
Why yes he did. For all of thirty seconds after answering his door. Ducking behind it as Maria blushed he went to put some pants on. From a mirror in his bedroom she looked at him getting dressed in a simple pair of sweatpants. She rather enjoyed seeing his bare ass. Two minutes later he helped Maria carry down their luggage.
Passing them on the stairs Esperanza went to her Master bath and brushed, gargling away the flavor of Wiley's jizz. She quickly met them out at the limo where Wiley placed their bags into a trunk. Shaking hands through the back window with his Father Oscar winked at his boy. He knew. Wiley knew he knew. All was good. Spotting Esperanza hugging Maria on the curb Wiley raced around and opened the opposite car door for his Stepmother to enter.
Just before getting in Esperanza looks between Wiley and Maria. With a sneer at Wiley she mouthed the word, "Please." He shrugged at her word and watched her get in before shutting the car door. Moving to the curb Wiley pulls Maria into his hip, his arm around her shoulders. Waving ridiculously fast at Esperanza, Wiley moved behind Maria, placing his hands on both of her soft unrestrained shoulders, pulling her back into him. She felt his erection touching her butt and tilted her head back at the unexpected caress.
"Wave goodbye to your Mom."
She did so without hesitation. Watching the limo depart Maria wanted to cry but resisted tears. For the first time ever she was all alone, without a Nanny. As soon as the car was out of sight Wiley turned Maria to face him.
"Free at last. Ready to have some fun?"
"Does it involve stawberries?" She pepped up licking her lips. So naive.
"Sure. Whip creme even."
"I am vegan. Dairy is not in my diet."
"Have I got the perfect solution to that."
"Really?"
"Yep! A non dairy topping that I make myself. You're gonna love it."
"I hope so."
"Trust the Coyote. Come on Baby Sister. Let's whip it out...I mean whip some up."
He led her back inside, the kitchen was not his goal.
=============
Coming soon : Baby Sister 3 : stRAWberry SHortcAKE