You could the music upstairs all over the bar. The rhythmic thumping of the bass line drowning out any conversations going on downstairs. I take the last chug of my drink and go upstairs. As I make my way to the bar, I observe the room looking for the one I'm going to take home for the evening. I get another drink and make my way out near the dance floor. The smell of several different brands of perfume isn't what I'd describe as pleasing to the nostrils, but it certainly could be worse. Across the floor I see her. Her brown hair piled upon her head in a messy bun. Her white top pulled tightly across her breasts. Her skirt just barely below the cheek of her ass, as she sways her hips in the rhythm of the music. Some guy is in her ear, but she's disinterested in his advances. I start to make my way to the other side of the floor and stand against the bar. She notices me and realizes this is her way out of the boring conversation she's in the middle of and starts to grind herself against me.
As we start to move away from the bar rail, she reaches backwards and lays her arm around my head. "Thanks for saving me," she yells into my ear to make sure that I can hear her above the music. As my hands slide down her sides, she starts to slither against my body in a snake like motion. I can feel my cock start to stir as she grinds her ass against me over and over again. I reach down to give her ass a slight squeeze, she wraps her arm back around my head. I can feel her lips slightly moaning in my ear as she pushes her ass against my hand. I take the opportunity and slide my fingers in between her legs. She looks me dead in the eyes, as I start massaging the outside of her lips. She can't believe what is happening, as she feels her lips slowly start to spread open and my fingers start to make its way inside her. Her eyes open wide, as I shove my fingers to the knuckle. She's soaking wet, which makes me rock hard. I pull my fingers out of her tight hole and walk away.
A couple of minutes later, I'm outside waiting in anticipation knowing those fingers weren't enough. Knowing she wants more. She finally got the hint and comes outside, as she's walking around the corner, I grab her hand and pull her towards me. She gasps for a split second, as I wrap one of my arms around her. I take my other hand and shove my fingers, still slightly damp from her juices, and shove them into her mouth. She sucks them clean and pops them out of her mouth one by one. I take her hand and lead her to the alley behind the bar.
Before she can say anything, I spin her around facing away from me and push her against the wall. "I know what you want," I whisper into her ear as I start to place small kisses against the back of her neck. She starts to slightly spread her legs as she feels my hands start to lift her skirt. I tease her slightly with my fingers, tracing them along the length of her lips. She's just about to tell me to hurry when she suddenly feels herself being completely split open.
I start to slam every inch of my thick fat cock deep inside her. I can feel her lips almost choking my cock as I shove every inch deeper inside her. She starts to moan, but I quickly shove my fingers into her mouth as I pound myself inside her harder and faster. Her juices are starting to drip down her legs, as I pull out almost to the tip and suddenly shove every inch back in. She's grinding her ass against me as hard as she can, matching every thrust. By this point, her top has been pulled down and one hand is pulling at her nipples. The other hand is in between her legs, with my fingertips barely grazing her clit. That was the breaking point.
I have to put my arm around her as her entire body starts to convulse. I shove every inch of me as deep as I can inside her tight little hole. She's coming so hard that all of her muscles are spasming. Her juices dripping down to her calves now as she tries to catch herself from falling against the wall. I place my hand in between her legs to catch a handful of her juices, and lick my fingers clean. Before she can turn around to say a word, I'm gone. She hears a car door shut, but she's not sure from where. She straightens up her skirt and starts searching frantically to no avail.