I wake up alone in bed, but I can't help the smile that spreads across my lips as I adjust to the early morning light.Today is the day.Francesca is finally moving in. It's only been a few days since she agreed, but Rose and Cheryl were keen to have the bedroom of the flat and I was eager to not miss another night with her in my arms. She argued with me last night about it over the phone. She wanted to wait until she had a day off so she can pack up and use my car to move in shifts, and I wanted to hire a mover. After an hour of cajoling, she finally agreed when Rose barged into her room. I could hear her threaten to have loud sex with Cheryl in all their free time if she didn't accept my offer. I could almost hear Francesca's shy smile when she agreed, and I quickly rented a van and made arrangements with a couple of teens from the community center. They were excited to have the work, so it was a win-win. Luckily, she didn't have much stuff of her own, especially since my place was furnished already. Rose offered to help them gather all of Francesca's stuff, and the wheels were set in motion. Francesca should be done at work around nine, and I'm picking her up to bringing her home with me.Progress.
I roll out of bed and get dressed. I'm working at Bowen's all morning, but Jamie is going to help me with a surprise for Francesca before I pick her up. I want to make her feel at home here, so I had a photo of the two of us, one of her and Rose, and one of her and her mother blown up and framed. I wanted to leave the one with her mum up to her, but I was going to hang the one of her and Rose in the kitchen, so she could admire it when she cooked, and the one of the two of us I put above my bed.Our bed.I also went to my friend's gallery and bought the Amelia Murphy piece that Francesca and I discussed the night I met her.I may have loved her, even then.I hope she likes it.
But the big surprise was two-fold. Jamie was helping me turn my library/office into an office just for Francesca. She'll need one once she becomes a restauranteur and she likes working in a quite space, so I think it will be perfect. I want to show her how much I support her, and I like the idea of the flat set up like this-ourroom, a room forourguests, a room for the band, and a room for herdreams, too. It's all we could ever need. So, I am enlisting Jamie's help to make the room more feminine and specific to Francesca, and then to help me make a passable dinner- a creamy thyme and chestnut soup, Francesca's self-proclaimed favorite.
I am nervous as I drive to pick Francesca up- I keep having to wipe my hands on my jeans. Everything is ready for her. The guys unloaded her belongings and the soup is made. Jamie and I worked hard to pick out furniture and artwork that we thought Francesca would like for the office. I had the walls painted a green color that reminds me of her eyes, and we included a slate grey accent wall where I thought we could hang the Murphy piece. The colours will really pop. I stocked the bookshelves with Francesca's favorites as well as the classics and bestsellers of the last few years that were already in there.What if she hates it? Or will she be angry about the money I spent?
I pull up in front of the restaurant just as Francesca's shining face wanders out of the front door, and I instantly feel calmer. She climbs into the car and I kiss her quickly before peeling out back onto the road. "In a hurry?" she teases me.
"I want to get you home- to our home," I mutter sheepishly.
"You're really excited about this, aren't you?" she says, genuine surprise in her voice.
Why would she think I wasn't?"Absolutely. I've never been so happy about anything," I make eye contact with her for a moment before refocusing on the road.
Out of the corner of my eye I see her lips lift in a small smile. "Oh, I didn't realize," it's her turn to be sheepish.
"How could you not realize? You are the brightest part of my life," I say back, surprised by her insecurity. She smiles wider. "Aren't you excited?"
With all of her hesitancy the last few days, I assumed she would falter here, but there was no hesitancy in her quick response, "I'm ecstatic." Now it's my turn to grin broadly. We chat about our days for the rest of the ride, but by the time we get to the garage, I can't hide my nerves from Francesca. "Are you okay? You're sweating a lot..." she asks.
I park and smile nervously at her. "Come, I have some surprises upstairs," I wipe my hand on my jeans again before reaching for hers and pulling her into the lift.
"Surprises, huh?" she looks up at me mischievously, and I wipe my brow as the doors close. "Love, relax! I'm just happy to be taking this step with you. I don't need any surprises."
Her words relax me. I lean down and really kiss her for the first time today, and my anxieties melt away. "I love you," I say, and go to press my forehead against hers, but she pulls away.
"Baby, sorry, but you're sweating- a lot," she grins up at me and I let out a deep belly laugh just as the doors ping open.
I walk her to the door, but before I unlock it, I pull an extra set of keys from my pocket. "For you," I hold them up, and she smiles wide and takes them from me.
She examines the saxophone key chain I put on them and smiles, "The horn makes it," she says wistfully, and I pull her in for another kiss.She got the joke. I love this woman.
I turn and open the door, pulling her inside. Jamie and I hung twinkle lights throughout the apartment, and when we walk in Francesca gasps. "You haven't seen anything yet, baby," I wink at her. She's grinning like an idiot and it makes me so happy. "Come on." We wander deeper into the apartment and Francesca notices the photo of her and Rose. She doesn't say anything, but she squeezes my arm. "I put up one of us in the bedroom," I tell her, "and I had this printed as well. I thought you'd like to choose where to hang it." I hand her the photo of her mum with her.
Tears swim in her eyes, and I raise my thumb to her cheek to catch the first one as it falls. "Oh, Reggie. This is so sweet." She's floored. She sets the photo down on the counter and hugs me, hard.
"We're not done," I say quietly before kissing her hair.
She looks up at me quizzically, "We're not?"
I laugh and shake my head before directing her to the spare room. Before I open the door, I tell her my thoughts. "I want you to know that I support your dreams. And once you open a restaurant, you're going to be bringing your work home. So, I thought you could use a home office," I open the door and press against the small of her back to direct her into the room. Her jaw is slack as she takes everything in.
She walks to the bookshelves and fingers a few spines. "Wow," she whispers, then turns and sees the Amelia Murphy painting sitting against the grey wall. She gasps and looks over at me, her eyes teary again. "You didn't..." she puts her hand up to her mouth and covers a sob and a growing smile, "I can't believe you bought it!"
I can't tell if she is happy or upset and my entire body is tense. "You like it?" I ask nervously, and she rapidly shakes her head up and down before grabbing my face and pulling me into an intense kiss.
She breaks away for a moment, "I love it, Reggie. It's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me," she says genuinely before kissing me again. I relax and pull her against me, kissing her back with fervor. "I love you so much," she whispers against my lips, and I realize this may be the happiest moment I can remember.
"Are you hungry?" I ask, wanting to see what she thinks of the soup.Please- you just want more praise. You're eating this up.I chuckle inwardly at my own thoughts.
"Starving," Francesca responds, but her voice is low, and I note the lust in her eyes.Oh, a different kind of hungry.I think the soup can wait.
I decide to tease her a bit. "What are you craving?" I ask seductively.
"I think you know," she bites her lip and her fingers find their way to my cock, fondling it through my trousers.
"Let me see what I can do about that," I growl against her mouth and roughly grab the hem of her shirt and pull it over her head. She reciprocates, and we're skin on skin as we embrace. I reach around her and unclip her bra, freeing her glorious tits as she kisses me again.
I reach for her button, but before I get there, Francesca sinks down to her knees and starts unbuckling my belt.Blimey.In record time, my trousers are on the ground and I'm awkwardly kicking off my shoes, pulling off my socks and stepping from them and my boxers. Francesca looks up at me as she wraps her delicate fingers around me and pumps a few times. Without breaking eye contact, she starts to slide me into her mouth, and I breathe in sharply, blown away by the delectable warmth of her tight little mouth. Her lips surround my head, but I feel her tongue dancing around me. She gives brilliant head, and I intend to savor this.This went better than I imagined.Her lips are absolutely vacuum sealed around my shaft and I'm already breathing heavily. I close my eyes and enjoy the sensations as she takes more of me into her, swiping her tongue along the base as she travels. I hit the back of her throat and she pulls back, and my skin tugs backwards by her lips.
She pops me out of her mouth and starts licking me all over, and I refocus on her as she worships my cock. She fondles my balls and licks all over, swiping around the head and kissing me at the base of my shaft. It's highly erotic watching her work. Suddenly, she leans down and sucks one of my balls into her hot, wet mouth and circles it with her tongue. "Fuck, Francesca," I whisper, and she backs off. She returns to my shaft and takes me into her mouth again, less tightly this time, and works on lubing me up with her saliva. She gets a good clip going, her hand working where her mouth can't reach. I'm already getting close and I really want to fuck her. I grab her hair to pull her off me, but she resists.If she wants it this way, who am I to deny her?She continues sucking on me with renewed fervor, moaning and sending vibrations straight through my cock to my balls. They are churning and I'm trying to stave off my release so I can keep enjoying the pleasure. Suddenly, her teeth lightly scrape me as she slides me into her mouth, and I lose control, taken by surprise. "OH GOD!" I cry as I shoot the first rope of cum into her throat. I moan as she swallows and keeps sucking, milking me for every drop. I finish, and the tension has completely left my body.
I grab her hair and roughly pull her back up to standing, slinking my free arm around her and kissing her deeply. She swoons into me and I can feel her hard nipples against my chest. "Good lord, Francesca, what did I do to deserve you?" I ask her.
"Look around, Reggie," she gestures to the room and smiles wide, "Why are you so good to me?"
I run my nose over her neck, "Because I love you, my darling, my dearest, I love you. You're the one I want nearest," I croon the classic Buddy Holly tune to her as I kiss her neck.
"Oh, I'd rather die thinking you love me than to go through life without you," she sings back, and I smile.God, she is perfect.
She starts to pull away to dress, but I hug her tighter into me. "I'm not through with you yet," I say sexily against her lips, kissing her again. I can already feel my cock stirring.She does things to me.I do a quick scan of the room. "Where should I take you," I ask lasciviously.
Her eyes meet mine and they have a naughty glint in them. "Desk."
You don't have to ask me twice.I pull away and make short work of her pants and knickers, quickly pulling them down and allowing her to kick off her own shoes. I pull her socks off and kiss my way back up her gorgeous naked body. "You are fit as fuck, Francesca," I say against her thigh before I gently kiss her center. My cock is quickly growing again at the sight and smell of her. I want to christen this room, but first I want to make her cum with my mouth. I start licking, but suddenly she's grabbing my hair and pulling me up for a kiss.
"Get inside me," she says against my neck as she nibbles me.Yes, please.I turn her around so her back is facing me and push her forward a few feet so she's standing in front of the desk. The height of the desk is perfect for Francesca. I push into her back so that she leans over and presses her chest on the dark wood, the sides of her breasts bulging out. I smack her ass, hard. She lets out a low moan.Fuck, this is hot.We may have to role-play teacher and naughty student in here. But I can't wait anymore- I need to bury myself in her. I step between her legs and use my feet to spread them wider, opening her up for me. My fingers glaze over her sex, and she is dripping wet. I smirk and line up before I slowly sink into her, groaning at her tightness. I want to take this slow and enjoy the look of her spread across this desk, inheroffice. I set a punishingly slow rhythm and start to massage her ass cheeks. She tries to speed me up by pressing back into me, but I'm having none of it. "Grab the other end of the desk," I instruct her, and she does as I say, which effectively blocks her from rocking with me.
I lean forward and kiss her shoulders, lightly nibbling here and there. "Mmmh, Reggie that feels good," she coos beneath me, and I bite her harder, causing her to yelp. "Fuck me faster," she begs, but I ignore her, maintain my rhythm as I lift back up and run my hands along the smooth, spotless skin of her back. It feels so good being wrapped in this amazing woman's pussy, and I could be here all day. I continue pounding, letting both of our pleasure build higher and higher. Occasionally I lean forward and kiss her. Soon, she's begging me, "Please Reggie, faster, I want to cum. Please, baby," she murmurs. This time, I acquiesce. I wrap her ponytail around my wrist and roughly pull her head back as I start slamming into her, the desk shaking beneath us. "Oh yes! Yes! Ahh.. Ahh.. AHHH!" she loses it and her pussy clenches down around me as a tremor runs through her body and she cums hard.
Her walls are absolutely milking me. I pump a few more times before I follow, nutting deep inside of her and screaming her name. I collapse onto her and we catch our breath together. Eventually we stand, and suddenly I'm laughing. She looks at me like I'm crazy, "What?".
"I never imagined we'd christen this room so quickly," I lace my fingers behind my head and smile. She blushes and I watch her survey the room once again.
"This is incredibly thoughtful," she says, pressing up on her toes to kiss me again. "Can I hang that painting in here?" she asks.
"It's your choice, my dear. This room is for you, and so is the painting," I wrap her in my arms.
"I love it." She hugs me back.
I remember the soup. "Are you hungry?" I ask again, kissing the top of her head.
She looks up at me, shocked at first, but then her eyes are hooded. "Again?" she asks sensually, and I can't help but laugh-this woman is insatiable. "What?"
"I meant for food," I shake my head at her, "Come on, one last surprise."Her eyes widen, then she smiles with me. "Alright, let me clean up and grab my robe. I'll meet you in the kitchen." She grabs her clothes and scampers away. Smiling, I throw my boxers on and gather my clothes as well. I head to our room and drop them in the hamper before turning back to the kitchen to warm up the soup.
I'm dishing it into bowls with a ladle, and suddenly Francesca is behind me, her hands wrapped around my waist. "Oh my god, you didn't!" she says excitedly before squeezing me.
"Creamy chestnut and thyme," I respond, my smile widening as I pull her arms from me and pick up the bowls, placing them on the placemats I set out earlier on the bar. I light the candle and grab two beers from the fridge.
We sit and I watch as Francesca digs in. She closes her eyes and lets out a low moan. "Reggie, this is delicious! Did you make this?" she sounds proud but skeptical.
"I had some help," I admit, trying the soup myself. It really was delicious.
"Jamie?" Francesca asks me with a raised eyebrow.
Damn, she's good."How'd you know?" I answer incredulously.
"She's the only one of your friends who knows her way around a kitchen," she smiles brightly at me and takes another spoonful. "This is so thoughtful of you. I can't believe you."
I smile back, "I want you to feel at home."
"You didn't have to do all of this, though," she gestures to the soup and the lights, "I always feel at home when I'm with you."
I couldn't stop my grin if I tried.She always knows the perfect thing to say.
I'm on my way to pick the band up for our gig tonight. I had an incredible night with Francesca- we christened the bed that is now ours, and we were up far too late. The poor girl has shifts at both restaurants today.I wish she could come to the show.It had been at least a month since Francesca made it to one of our gigs; she seriously works too hard.
My daydreaming is interrupted when Riggs hops in the front seat, and we chat on our way to pick up the rest of the group. We arrive at the club about an hour early- enough time to grab a drink and relax before soundcheck. I follow behind Jessie into the club, and we head to the bar. I order a pint and start chatting Jessie up about her day. The opening band is playing, and we're forced to speak loudly. She's telling me that it looks like she may not have a job for long- the restaurant where she serves is having money problems. "The owner is in serious debt- a gambling addict. I don't know how long we can stay open," she explains and sips her cocktail.
"Blimey, that's horrible," I offer, "I know how much you love that job, and your coworkers."
Jessie is about to respond, but she stops and furrows her brow. "I thought you said Francesca wasn't coming tonight?" she questions me.
"What? She isn't..." I start, but then I feel slender arms wrapping around me and squeezing me tightly. "Francesca?" her name stumbles from my lips with confusion as I turn to look at her- she looks upset. Concern instantly flows through me.Did something happen to her? Why isn't she at work?My wheels are spinning as I wrap my arms around her. "What are you doing here? Why aren't you at work?" I ask emphatically as I pull her into me, my anxiety blooming. "What's wrong?"
She looks up at me and kisses me deeply before pulling back and answering me. "I quit," she says nervously, her eyes searching mine.
Finally.I can't help my wayward happy thoughts, but I push them away to focus on her again. "Why? Did something happen? Are you okay?" I am pleading her for some answers. She's watching me intently. We're both quiet for a second, and I think she is gathering the courage to tell me. "I can barely hear you in here, let's go outside," I say as I direct us toward the door. In a few moments we're standing in the cool night air.
It's my turn to watch her. She flushes under my gaze and rolls her plump bottom lip between her teeth before she finally starts talking. "I couldn't stop thinking about how romantic you were last night. And how loved I felt. I want you to feel that way, too. So, I thought I could try and show you, um, how I feel- do something romantic." I swallow, listening intently. "So, all of the sudden I just... I just quit and before I knew it, I was on my way here. I didn't think about it, I just did it. And now I am absolutely panicking," she's obviously worried about my reaction, and I can hear the fear in her voice.
She visibly relaxes as a grin erupts on my face. I pull her against me again and kiss the living crap out of her.Progress."You have no idea how happy that makes me," I tell her between kisses.
"Really?" she squeaks, looking up at me through her thick, long lashes.
"Of course! This means I get to spend more time with you. And you're finally doing what you want instead of what you think you should do!" I hug her tighter.
"But what if it was a mistake?" she says meekly. I raise my eyebrows at her, and she rolls her eyes. "Okay, fine. There's no use dwelling, anyway. What's done is done. If I have to find another job I will." It's my turn to roll my eyes at her. "Fine! I'll spend all my time with you," she teases, rubbing her nose against mine.
"Oh Francesca, I feel so loved. You're starting to trust me, aren't you?" I say quietly, my lips inches from hers and our eyes locked onto each other.
"I'm trying," she whispers, and somehow, it's the perfect response. I'm overwhelmed by my desire. I want her to know exactly how she makes me feel. One of my hands find her hair and I press her lips to mine, my tongue pushing between them and exploring her. My other hand wraps around her and squeezes. I roughly turn us and press her against the wall of the front of the club so I can grind against her as I possess her mouth.
She moves her head sideways to break the kiss, so with the hand that's in her hair I tug further to the side her expose her neck from under her scarf, and I let my mouth explore. "Reggie, not here," she says frantically as I press my cock harder against her and a few passersby try but fail to ignore us.
Sensing the stress in her voice, I raise my head, but I don't release her hips from beneath me.I want her."I thought you trusted me," I say lustfully before lowering my head again to pull on that delicious, plump bottom lip. She moans quietly. "Well?" I growl.
"I trust you," she says so faintly I almost miss it. I smile and raise my head again, looking left, then right, and I spot what I'm searching for. I step away from her but grab her hand and walk to the right before turning into the alley beside the club. "Reggie..." I hear Francesca's concerned voice as I make a beeline past the skip bin, but I ignore it and swing her in front of me, pressing her against the wall again. We are hidden from anyone on the pavement in front of the bar. "Reggie, I don't know about this," she's saying, but I'm barely listening, my hips pressing into her and my lips on her neck as I pull her scarf off. She moans and I know she's putty in my hands.
"I need you, Francesca," I say against her skin, and her hands make their way between us and fiddle with my belt. "I want to make you feel as amazing as you've made me feel," I say as she tugs on the button, "God, you make me so hard." Finally, she pulls out my cock and strokes it as my lips meet hers again. I pump into her hand a few times, and then I can't wait anymore. I pull away and move her trousers and panties down to just below the knee. Not ideal, but it will work, and it'll be fast anyway. "Are you ready?" I ask, and her eyes are blazing as she nods.
I bend my knees so I can line up and slowly press into her warm, welcoming snatch. I groan and her hand flies up to my face and covers my mouth. The angle is a bit awkward, but I can't pick her up with her trousers still on her legs, so I press her harder against the wall and spread my legs further to get lower before I pull out and slam back into her. "AHH!" she cries, and I reach my hand up to cover her mouth as well. My free hand braces me on the wall and I start a fast, punishing rhythm within her. Her pussy is tight as shit and I already feel my breath quickening. Her other hand finds my ass and presses me further into her.
This is so hot.The only time we've ever done something like this was our first date, and there was no chance we would get caught. The danger is absolutely exhilarating. She's groaning against my hand and the noises are driving me wild. I'm giving her everything I've got and I can tell she's getting close- her eyes roll into the back of her head and the noises stop, as if she's unable to breath. I speed up and feel her tighten on my cock as an orgasm rocks through her body. She is shaking and I'm pumping into her as fast and hard as I can, over and over. Her orgasm subsides and she removes her hand and mine and kisses me, hard, and I lose it. I'm shooting rope after rope into her as her hot tongue plays with mine. I finish and she pulls away. "Holy fuck," she pants.
"My thoughts exactly," I tell her before pulling out and putting my clothes back on. I reach down to get her scarf as she tries to scoop some of my cum from her pussy and flick it from her hand before giving up and pulling her own trousers back up. Her scarf unfortunately landed in a puddle. "I'm sorry," I say, showing her the wet, dirty garment.
She takes it from me and wrings it out before putting it in her bag. "Don't be- that was amazing," she says, her face flushed.
"It really was," I agree, pulling her into me and kissing her again.
"If you're not careful you're going to miss your own show, and I came all the way out here to see you play," she teases me, her tongue flicking out and trailing my lips.
"I'd gladly miss it if I get to keep playing with you," I lasciviously moanl back to her.
She rolls her eyes and smiles, kisses me briefly, then pulls away and takes my hand to drag me back inside.
"Everything is so... white," I say in awe as I wander through the wedding dress shop Saturday afternoon, Francesca's hand in mine.Francesca looks lovely in white.The thought jumps to my mind and I inwardly chuckle and push it off.One step at a time Reggie, she's only just moved in.
"That's kind of the idea," Cheryl says before softly slugging my arm. I chuckle with her just as an associate approaches us.
"You two make a lovely couple," she says, pointing to Francesca and me, "are you here to try on gowns?"
Francesca blushes deeply and Rose interrupts, pulling Cheryl into her. "No, we're engaged, and we have an appointment," she flashes her ring and the saleswoman looks embarrassed.
"Of course, my apologies," she turns to her clipboard, "Cheryl and Rose?" she asks. They nod and she relaxes, getting back into her saleswoman persona. "Wow, the wedding is so soon! We'll have to find you something today so there is time to order the gown and get alterations. Will you both be wearing dresses?" she murmurs, uncomfortable again.
"Yes!" Cheryl says excitedly, ignoring the saleswoman's awkwardness. "But, we don't want to see the other's dresses. Oh no, Rose, we didn't think this through!" she's distraught.
"That's quite alright, ladies. You have two people here with you. We'll just split you up and you won't have to worry."
"How will we know that they coordinate?" Rose sounds concerned.
"I can pop back and forth," Francesca says, beaming at her sister. She has been excited about this all afternoon. I guess you only get to see your little sister buy a wedding dress once, hopefully.
"Perfect. Well, entrez, ladies!" the sales lady says with a flourish of her hand. The girls giggle and wander into the mass of white dresses, the saleswoman muttering instructions behind them. I follow at a safe pace, my fingers gliding across the lush fabrics. I see a mannequin wearing a tight-fitted, Hollywood style satin gown with delicate thin straps.Simple and elegant. All the sudden, an image of Francesca in that dress pops into my head, and I'm spinning her around on a dance floor. I shake my head, shocked at myself.Get a grip, man. You're not ready to get married.
Before I know it, I'm waiting outside of Cheryl's dressing room while a woman helps her into a dress. After a moment, she's shuffling from the dressing room in a huge princess dress covered in sparkles. She looks beautiful and hilarious at the same time. I try desperately to stifle my laugh, but she hears it and smacks me. "You can't laugh, I'm in a wedding dress!" but she turns to the mirror and busts out laughing, too. "Alright, alright, this isn't the one," she says, her eyes twinkling.She looks so happy.My heart melts.
Next, she stumbles out in a sweet looking dress and cinches just below her breasts with a light fabric draping to the ground. She looks beautiful, but it doesn't seem like Cheryl. "You look gorgeous," I tell her and smile.
She surveys herself in the mirror. "Yeah, it's nice," she says.
"Nice isn't good enough. NEXT!" I direct, and she's laughing again as Francesca comes from around the corner.
"Wow, Cheryl, you look great," her smile is blinding.
"Thanks! I was just going to try another one on," Cheryl turns back to the dressing room and Francesca sits beside me. I instinctively place my hand on her thigh. In just a few moments, Cheryl makes her way back out, this time in a strapless, fitted dress that hugs her curves down to her mid-calf then fans out. "What about this mermaid one?" she asks nervously, but our mouths are hanging open.
"Oh my god, Cheryl!" Francesca finally says.
"Jesus, Cher, you look bloody brilliant," I tell her genuinely.
"You think?" she asks, turning to look in the mirror, her eyes twinkling and a huge smile on her face.
"Yes, absolutely. This is it," I say, and she swats the air at me.
"Pssht, you're just a horny straight dude and my tits look good," she castigates me.
"No, Cheryl, he's right. This dress was made for you," Francesca gets up and hugs her and they squeal. "I'm going to get back to Rose, I'll text you how she's doing," she tells me.
"That was fast," I say, happy to have the rest of my afternoon.
"I'm going to try a few more on, just to be sure," she states, even though she can't take her eyes off her reflection.
"Alright, I'll let Francesca know," I pull out my phone and text her.
Sounds good. Just let me know if she changes her mind or gets caught between two- I'll come and help out. Rose is nowhere close. XO.She messages back.
"Looks like Rose is a ways away, so you can try as many as you want," I say, settling into the chair and getting comfortable.At least there is champagne.
Cheryl tries on several more dresses, but none come close to the mermaid one. She tries it on once more to be sure, and then we settle into the couch at the front of the store to wait, sipping champagne. "Some of these dresses are really lovely," Cheryl says, her eyes sweeping throughout the store.
"Buyers remorse already?" I raise an eyebrow at her.
She smacks my arm, "No! Of course not. Mine is the best! I'm just making conversation." I look over at the one on the mannequin. "You like that one?" she asks me, inquisitive as ever. I nod. "That would look lovely on Francesca," she says, eyeing me.
Crap.No one knows me as well as Cheryl, not even Francesca. "I didn't say that," I quip before sipping my champagne.
"No, but you were thinking it," she has a mischievous glint in her eye.
"Oh, come off it," I say, but I can't help the smile that spreads across my face.
She can't press me any further because Rose and Francesca emerge. "We did it!" Francesca says with relief, and I smile and stand to pull her into me. "The dresses will go great together."
I go to settle up with the saleswoman and she senses an opportunity. "Veils, ladies?" she asks and directs Cheryl and Rose to another corner of the store.
I pull Francesca back into the chair with me so she's sitting on my lap. She giggles and takes my champagne, finishing the glass. "Phew- that was tough, I needed a drink after dealing with Rose," she says, but she's beaming at me.
I hug her into me. "You need a chance to relax. Speaking of- your birthday is in two weeks. Can I throw you a party?" I ask her sweetly.
She eyes me suspiciously, "Hmmm.... Definitely not." I'm not surprised, since she hates attention. Doesn't mean I'm not going to fight for it- I want to do something for her.
"But you have to party on your birthday! Isn't that what you young folk do?" I tease. She has been making fun of me for being old since my 25thbirthday in August.I took her anal virginity that night.I smile fondly at the memory.
"How would you know?" she shoots right back, flicking my nose.
"Please?" I whine and kiss her.
She laughs at me. "Fine, but just something small. The band, Frank, Cheryl and Rose. Jamie and Trevon. I'll invite some of my work friends. Just an easygoing night at our place. No fuss."
OUR place.I start to smile but remember myself and pout, "A little fuss?"
She laughs deeply and kisses me again. "Maybe a cake," she says, and I decide I'll take it. I snuggle against her and we watch the girls try on veils.We'll see.
***********************************
I've spent the last two weeks excited and incredibly nervous for tonight, and it's finally here.Francesca's birthday. I decided what to get her, but I'm unsure of how she will take it. I've been colluding with Rose and she thinks it's a great idea. I'm not so sure. But no matter what, it was a morning to remember. I managed to sneak out of bed while Francesca was still sleeping and set up her breakfast in bed- tea and a chocolate croissant and a bouquet of flowers. She ended up being hungry for something else, and we had plenty of time before she had to leave for her shift. She always works Friday mornings and refused to take it off, but we've both agreed to take Saturdays off to have time together. Which works out, since we are celebrating tonight.
Francesca is working at Bocaditos until five, which gave Rose and I enough time to decorate the flat. We re-strung the twinkle lights from her first night in the flat and added streamers and balloons around as well. We are hanging a big happy 23rdbirthday banner when Francesca walks in the front door. "Oh, good lord," she sighs and hangs her coat and bag on the rack. "Reggie..." her voice is castigating, but Rose jumps in to save me.
"Don't blame him, at least half of this is my fault," Rose says, securing the banner before climbing down from the stool and pulling Francesca into a hug. "Happy birthday my love, I can't believe how old you are! And a poor spinster, so sad," she jests and Francesca glares at her, but before long they are both laughing.
"Not all of us are desperate not to live in sin," she quips back to Rose.
I finish my task and steal Francesca from her sister to pull her into a kiss. Rose starts putting cups out on the counter. "Hello birthday girl, how was you day?" I run my nose along her neck, hugging her tightly to me.
She runs a hand through my hair and kisses my head. "It was good. They made me a cake and sang happy birthday; it was very sweet. But I missed you, especially after this morning," she says seductively.
"GROSS," Rose says snarkily, "Earth to Francesca!"
We both laugh, "Sorry, Rose," my girl replies.I'm not sorry,she mouths to me, and I grin mischievously back at her. "This is ridiculous and stupid and very nice of you two," she tells us, gesturing to the decorations.
"You only turn 23 once, my love," I kiss her again before releasing her.
"I told my work friends to come around 7, I hope that's alright," she says, "I'm going to take a quick shower."
Once Francesca is out of earshot, I pick up my conversation with Rose. "So, we are going to get have a shit ton of Chinese food delivered around eight for everyone, we've got the drinks and the drinking games, I think we're set for the evening."
"Yup. Cheryl is on her way now and the crew is going to come by whenever they get off work or are ready, so they may be here early," she tells me.
"So, when do you think I should give Francesca her gift?" I ask, "I'm anxious and want to get it over with, but I don't want to ruin the night if she gets upset..."
"She's not going to be upset, she'll be thrilled. I think you should do it now, so she can get drunk without ruining your plans. Plus, you can relax- honestly, you're driving me crazy!" she tells me. To be fair, I have been badgering her for weeks about this.
"Fine, fine. I'll be back, then," I say, secretly grateful that she voted for earlier. I didn't want to wait any longer.
"I'll be here," she rolls her eyes at me, "Just get it over with already!" I head to our room and I'm closing the door behind me just as Francesca wanders into the bedroom wrapped in a deliciously tiny towel.
"Hi," she says brightly, her wet hair clinging to her body. She walks into the closet and I follow, completely under her spell.
"Hey," I say sheepishly.What is wrong with me.I watch as she slides the towel off, bends over, and wraps it around her head. It's mesmerizing, and before I know what I'm doing I'm pulling her beautiful body against mine and kissing her.
She pulls away from my kiss, her hands running up and down the sleeves of my Henley shirt, which is now slightly damp from where she is pressed against me. "Reggie, Rose is here," she tells me.
"So?" I kiss her earlobe and bring it into my mouth.
"I'm not going to give in that easily," she laughs an easy, carefree laugh, "Let me get dressed."
"Why would you go and do a thing like that?" I tease her, my hands sliding up and down her back.
"Reggie..." she clicks her tongue and pulls away from me, and I begrudgingly let her go.
"Fine!" I groan, sitting in the chair in the corner of the large walk-in closet.At least I can watch the show.She slides white lace panties on and searches idlily through her hanging dresses. She looks so fucking sexy and it takes everything in my power to not try again. I distract myself by thinking about the gift. "Will you open your present before the party?" I ask, nervous again. Sex is easy- everything else is tough.
She looks at me and smiles before sliding into the dress she chose- it's a maroon color, tight fitting with a deep V cut in the front and back. It's fucking stunning. "Do you want me to open it now?" she asks, grinning. I nod enthusiastically as my eyes trail her body again. She takes her hair from the towel and shakes it out. "I know that look," she comments on the desire obvious on my face, "Anything to distract you," she teases me, walking over and talking my hands to pull me to standing. Instead, I tug her and she's in my lap. I kiss her again, my hands dancing over her delicate frame. "Reggie, I want to open my present" she laughs, and I moan in discontent before releasing her.
"Alright, come on," I take her hand and bring her back to the bedroom. I grab her wrapped gift from beneath the bed. "Happy birthday, Killer," I say nervously.
A small smile appears on her beautiful face. She takes the large package before sitting back on the bed. She looks up at me for permission to open it and I nod slightly, sitting next to her. She tears into the paper and reveals Ben's framed print. It's a dark piece, so dark it's almost hard to make out the subject of the photo- a woman in a deep red flamenco dress, her back to the camera and her arms throwing her skirt behind her like wings. The shot is full of drama and allure, with just the right amount of sex appeal. You can almost hear the guitar that's accompanying the woman. "Wow..." Francesca says quietly, her fingers dancing across the glass, "This is lovely, Reggie. Is it Ben's work?" I nod, and her smile broadens, "I absolutely love it, thank you!" she says emphatically, and she's kissing me, her hand fisting in my shirt. Despite my baser desires, I pull away. Her face falls, "What?"
"There's more," I say softly, taking the photo and placing it on the ground before grabbing an envelope from the bedside table. I hand it to her, and her brow furrows as she looks down at it. As she opens it, words start fumbling from my lips, "I want to make all of your desires come true, and you said a few weeks ago you wanted to go on holiday. So, I booked a trip for a few weeks from now, so that you'd have the time to request off from the restaurant, and we'd be back just before Christmas so you could be with Rose," I swallow and try to read her face, but she's giving nothing away. "I know that you're saving and it's probably not the ideal time, but it's your birthday and I want to celebrate you and give you an opportunity to relax, especially with how stressful the wedding planning has been for you," I stammer.Please say yes.
"You want us to go to Spain in two weeks?" she says calmly, her eyes darting from the tickets to meet mine.
I nod again, "I thought we could start in Barcelona, rent a car, then head to the Basque country, then maybe end with some time in Andalucía. Go to the beach like you wanted, if it's warm enough, which it might not be. But we can go somewhere else if you'd prefer." Her eyes are wide. "We can explore the cuisine and you could get some inspiration for your restaurant," I scramble, "You could think of it like a work trip..." One minute I'm talking and the next she's pressing me back on the bed, falling on top of me and kissing me. I'm shocked for a moment, but I quickly react to her advances, my hands running along her body again. She's tugging at my shirt and I lift myself to help her pull it off, then I twist us so I'm lying on top of her, still reeling from her sudden attack. "You're not mad?" I look down at her.
She sighs. "Reggie, I know I can be difficult and, yes, stubborn. But.... I'm trying," she says with a guilty look, "I would love to go to Spain with you. Thank you," she breathes, and it's my turn to attack her. My lips find hers again and I press her into the mattress as my hands wander from her hips to her ass.
"Oh Francesca, you continue to surprise me," I tell her as my lips find her neck. I slide the thick straps of her dress over her shoulders one at a time, kissing where they used to be as I free her gorgeous tits. "I want to tie you up," I say as I trail kisses down her until I find her breast with my mouth and tug on her.
"Mmh..." she moans, and I pull away from her before reaching into the bedside table drawer for my favorite silk scarf. By the time I return, Francesca has her arms up and waiting for me.My little cum slut.I don't know why she fights this.I secure her wrists and then tie the ends of the scarf to the headboard. Francesca is eyeing me with lustful intent, and I am overwhelmed. I stand and pull my clothes off before slowly dragging the hem of her skirt up over her gorgeous buns and sliding those delicious white panties off.These didn't last long.I smirk and land back on top of her, my fingers gliding along her body and my mouth ravaging hers.
Suddenly, we hear the flat buzzer. I stop for a split second and Francesca stills, but I try to recover the moment by moving my fingers to her nipple. But Francesca seems to have regained her concern. "Reggie, we can't- people are coming over. Later," she whines.
"Now," I insist, my mouth moving down so my tongue slides over her hardening nipple. I eye her lustfully.
Her back arches, pressing her tits against me for a moment, but she's stubborn as ever, "Reggie, I'm serious."
I growl, frustrated, and grab her hips to roughly flip us over so that she's straddling me, her arms still tied to the headboard. "Serious about what?" I say, grinding my cock against her slick folds. She lets out a small moan, her eyes closing, but she quickly breaks out of my spell.
"We can't do this now. Untie me," she tells me, but I sense some hesitation in her voice.
I smirk again, grinding into her and watching her body respond.I'm not taking no for an answer."I'm not untying you until we make love, Francesca." Her face goes white and her mouth drops into an O.
She glares at me, but I see the fire in her eyes. "Untie me!" she says more forcefully.
"I'm not kidding," I say in a sultry tone, "You can stay here, or you can fuck me." I love dominating her like this- she needs me so much, and she's putty in my hands. If she safe-worded, I'd know she was serious. But she hasn't so I am going to have my fun.
"Reggie..." she finally says nervously, but I sit up and tongue her nipples again, cutting her off as she presses into me and moans.
"I'm waiting," I purr, and I hear her take a sharp breath in. "Well?" I pull away and focus on her eyes. They are dark and absolutely filled with need. She presses her face forward and kisses me aggressively, her hips lifting as she tries to position herself over me without the use of her hands. I put my hands on her hips and still her. "What's the rush?" I joke against her lips and she glares at me again. It is adon't-push-your-luckkind of look. I grin and lay back, releasing her hips. "Have at it, Killer." She has a look of pure concentration that turns me on like nothing else. She sits up on her knees and positions herself before sliding down on me slowly.
"Yes," I whisper as her sweet pussy engulfs my member, slowly at first, but her eyes close and she speeds up, sliding the full length of me inside of her. She grinds her beautiful little button on me, and a smalls smile plays out on her lips.That's right baby, you love it.She is soaking wet and her snatch squeezes me as she moans lightly. She starts bouncing up and down, absolutely milking my cock. "Oh yeah. Make love to me, baby," I tell her, my hands sliding behind my head as I survey her and simply enjoy the sensations.
She notices me lounging beneath her and stops moving, "I thought it wasmybirthday?" she goads me, and my eyebrows raise in surprise as she grinds her clit against me again.
I frown.She's not wrong.I bring my hands to her hips and flip her back onto her back. "You're right," I say lasciviously before kissing her deeply. "It's time the birthday girl cums." I slide down Francesca's body, kissing as I go, her skin hot beneath my lips, "Oh, you're close, aren't you, darling?" I say as I place myself between her legs.
She is panting lightly beneath me, her body stretched due to the restraint. Slowly, I make contact with her other lips and smell her sweet, intoxicating scent. I gently tug on her lips before finding her clit and circling it delicately with my tongue. She groans and presses up against me. My fingers tickle her lips and I slide one, then two fingers into her dripping cunt. She mewls beneath me and I suck her clit into my mouth as one finger massages within her and the other pumps in and out. She starts moaning more loudly, so I pull away. "Shhh baby..." I tell her, and she quiets. To reward her, I suck her back into my mouth and moan against her bean. At that, she detonates, her body rising higher off the bed as her pussy clamps onto my fingers. Watching her let go makes me positively desperate to be back in my happy place. I pull my fingers out quickly and glide up her body before sliding back into her.
"Yessss..." she breaths as I bottom out inside of her. I start sawing back and forth, slowly at first as her orgasm subsides, but once she relaxes again, I really start pounding her. "Cum for me," she murmurs against my lips.
"Always so bossy," I tease her, slowing down.
"Reggie, cum!" she whines. She's in a rush to finish. I can tell she's thinking about the people in the other room.
"If you insist," I bite her lip and speed my thrusts up again, "YouAREthe birthday girl, after all." She smiles against my lips and we are fucking, fast and hard, my hands squeezing her tiny little hips as I pull her down, sheathing myself deeper into her. She's moaning and I raise up to stop her with a kiss. "Quiet down, Killer, the whole house will hear you," she sucks in a breath at my words and her pussy clamps down on me. "You like this, don't you? My little cum slut likes it scandalous, doesn't she?" I growl, kissing her again.
She kisses me back, her hips bucking beneath me. "Yes! I like that they could walk in here at any moment. That they're probably wondering where we are," she admits, biting my lip and snarling into my mouth. Her words spurn me on, and I push harder into her, losing myself as she cums hard around me. Her orgasm squeezes me, and I can't hold back- I'm shooting my load into her, calling her name as I do.
"Bloody hell," I say against her lips. She nods, and I know we're both thinking it.It keeps getting better.
We're both silent for a moment before Francesca pipes up, "Are you going to follow through on your end of the bargain?" she lifts her head to look at the scarf wrapped around her wrists.
"Why would I do that? I have you right where I want you..." I breathe, tapping her lower lip with my index finger. She snaps at it and I pull it away, feigning my shock at her. "Now I really can't untie you, it would be a danger to my health!" She laughs and I kiss her again, absolutely overwhelmed by her. Eventually, I reach up and untie the scarf and her hands fall onto my shoulders.
"You always get your way, don't you?" she shakes her head at me, and I grin devilishly back.
"You love it," I peck her, and she pushes me so that I roll off her.
I watch as she adjusts her dress. She catches me watching and smacks my leg, "Get dressed!"
The party is definitely a success- the love for Francesca in the room is stifling. So many people care for her, and she for them. She is smiling ear to ear as our friends pull her in for hugs and kisses. I've met most of her work friends, but have been looking forward to meeting David, one of the new chefs at Bocaditos that Francesca really gets along with. Francesca and I are talking to Frank when the buzzer goes off for what feels like the hundredth time this evening. "I'll get it," Francesca says, sliding out from under my arm and walking to the door. Frank is telling me about the Camino de Santiago he took last spring, letting me know the places in the Basque country Francesca and I have to go visit when I am distracted by my favorite sound- her laugh. My eyes find my lady across the room, and she's laughing with a tall, handsome Asian man at the door.
Who the fuck is that?I wonder. I'm surprised by my instantaneous jealousy, but I don't see Francesca laugh like with many people. It reminds me of seeing her with Michael, and makes my hackles go up. This must be David. She's been talking about him so much...I'd better get over there.I excuse myself from the conversation with Frank and stomp over to them. I let my arm slide around Francesca's tiny waist and pull her close to me before I hold my free hand out to shake his. "You must be David," I say coldly, a fake smile spreading on my lips, "I've heard a lot about you."
His eyes barley leave Francesca as he responds, "Yes, hello. Richie, right?" he replies as we shake.
"Reggie," Francesca corrects him quickly.Fucking prick.
"Right, sorry," he says, and I nod in acceptance, but he's already looking back at Francesca.Good luck, wanker, she's mine.
"So, Francesca was telling me that you've revolutionized the salsa game," I'm struggling to keep the malice from my voice. Francesca looks up at me, her brow furrowing.
"She's exaggerating, as usual," he chuckles, his eyes twinkling at Francesca, "You flatter me, girl." He lightly punches her arm. I stiffen my grip around her.What is this guy's deal?
"I'll get you a drink, David- gin and tonic?" Francesca asks him and he nods.She knows his drink?She slides away from me and I'm stuck here with him.
We stand in awkward silence for a moment, then David breaks it, "This is a really nice place, bruv."
"Thank you," I reply with a thin smile, "I'm lucky Francesca has decided to share it with me."
"Yeah, she mentioned she was moving in- that's so fast," he says flippantly. I frown and he continues, "I've been teasing her about it, since it's so unlike her to make a rash decision." He says it like he knows everything about her.
"Not in my experience," I say, my voice laced with malice. He raises his eyebrows and is about to spit something back at me when Francesca returns with a drink for herself and David, and he quiets down. I take the opportunity to remind him who gets to do what heclearlywants to do. I swipe her into her a slight dip and kiss her like I mean it. She smiles against my lips and I put her back upright, "23 looks good on you," I tell her, and she flushes.
David clears his throat and we focus back on him. "So, Reggie. Fran here says you play music- like open mic nights and stuff?"God, he doesn't quit, does he? I'm getting tired of his shit.
I'm about to make a snide comment back when I catch Peggy taking two shots in a row out of the corner of my eye.She won't be happy in the morning."Actually, I play in a band. Speaking of which, I'm going to go stop our drummer from getting pissed so early in the night. If you'll excuse me," I nod at him and begrudgingly leave Francesca so I can take care of Peggy.
When I finally get her settled down, I search the room for Francesca but don't see her.I don't see David, either.Panic runs through me.She was laughing with him... I can't lose her.I grab Riggs from his conversation, "Look after Peggy, please." Next, I grab Rose and tell her to get the cake ready. "I'll find the birthday girl." At least now I have an excuse to frantically search for her. I check down the hallway toward our bedroom, but she's not there. My concern grows as I make my way to the other hallway.What's going on?I turn the corner and see David hanging over Francesca, who looks extremely uncomfortable. His hand is on the wall behind her shoulder, effectively blocking her path away from him.What the actual fuck? She's mine."Baby, it's time for cake," I say loudly, and David turns to look at me, frustration clouding his face.
"Oh, great!" Francesca scurries over to me and slides into my open arms. "Let's go." I pull her against me. I squeeze her tightly and we walk back into the main room where Rose is lighting the last candle. I am angry- fuming- and I need her to know. We'll get this out of the way, and then I'll make my feelings clear. The entire room starts singing and I join them as Rose carries the deluxe cake from the bakery down the street towards us.
"Make a wish!" she says, and I watch Francesca's plump lips purse before blowing the candles out. I want them wrapped around my cock. I want to claim her- remind her that she's mine. Everyone is clapping and Rose takes the cake back to the island to dish it out.
"You can have cake later," I say gruffly before grabbing her hand and dragging her towards our room.
"Reggie, what the fuck?" she says as I slam the door, locking it quickly.
I chuckle angrily-She's got nerve."You're kidding me, right? That prick was all over you," I snarl.
She rolls her eyes. "Reggie, he just asked me to show him to the loo.""He wants what's mine," I say darkly, heading toward my drawer of toys.
"He was acting a bit off, sure, but we are probably just misreading things... What are you doing?" she asks as I pull out my double fur handcuffs, lube and a small vibrator, "Reggie, there is a room full of people out there!" I ignore her and tug my shirt over my head. "I am not interested in David. I love you!" her voice is nervous, but when I meet her eyes, they are hooded and intense. She needs this just as badly as I do.
"He wants in your panties, Francesca. And I need to remind you who belongs there," I step towards her and grab the hem of her dress, whipping it over her head.
"I don't need a reminder," she breathes, her naked chest rising and falling and her skin flushing.
"I do," I say as I grab her hair and pull her head to the side, exposing her gorgeous olive-skinned neck. My tongue snakes over her jaw and she visibly shudders beneath me. I love how much I can affect her, and so quickly. My free hand trails her body and I bend down to slide her panties down her toned legs. "Get on the bed," I instruct, and she does as she's told, more compliant than I thought she'd be.Good.I take the handcuffs and dangle them over her. "Hug your knees," I demand, and she does what I ask. I slide the shackles over her ankles, then her wrists, so that she's bound in a ball. I shove her so she falls to her side and slide my trousers off. My erection juts out in front of me and I jack it a few times at the sight of my sexy goddess bound and at my mercy.She's mine."Do you want him, Francesca?" I reach for the vibrator and turn it on.
"No!" she cries, and I reward her by rubbing it over her nipples, making her moan. I run it down her arm and side. She is already shaking before it finds her wet open slit. I slide the toy into her, and she cries out.
"My little slut better quiet down, or I won't let you cum," I murmur, my eyes glued on her gorgeous snatch. She quiets but still lightly moans as I pull the toy in and out of her dripping slit. She's getting close, and I remove the toy, leaving her wanting. Looking at her wet folds, I am overwhelmed- they look so enticing. "I have to taste you," I bend down and my lips and tongue replace the toy. I lick up her flowing juices until I feel her tense beneath me, her hands pulling at the handcuffs. I pull away- she's not cumming yet. "You taste so good," I whisper, standing and pulling her towards the edge of the bed. "This is mine, Francesca," I insist as I rub my cock along her wet folds. "Tell me what I want to hear, Francesca.""My pussy is yours," she says, and I reward her by slamming into her and making her cry out.
"MINE," I say loudly, but quiet myself down after a moment. She's dripping on my cock my anxiety starts to leak away. I pump in and out slowly a few times, letting her stretch to accommodate me. It's so hot having her beneath me, unable to scurry away, full of me and absolutely loving it. Her face is scrunched up in pleasure and she mewling as I rock into her, deeper each time. I release her but continue to saw in and out as I reach for the lube. I drip some into my hand and rub it on the vibrator, then on her rosebud. Her eyes are watching me intently and I feel her pussy clenching as I finger her tight little asshole. "You want this, baby?" I breath, holding the vibrator up so she can see. She nods, but I shake my head, pumping into her harder, "Tell me what you want," I demand.
"Your little slut wants you to fuck me while you slide that into my ass!" she whispers, and I happily oblige. I turn the vibration back on and start pressing it against her hole. "Fuck," she murmurs, and I start to feel the pressure of the vibrator on my dick through her thin inner walls.
"Good god," I groan as the vibration pulses through her and I feel it shoot up my cock. I stop pumping and focus on pressing the little toy into her until I reach the base. Francesca is full-on shaking, her pleasure consuming her as she tugs at her restraints. It's incredibly sexy and I know I'm close, just like her. "You like that, baby? You like when I fill you up in BOTH your tight little holes?" I spurn her on as I resume pumping in and out of her, hoping she cums before I do.
"UHHHH! Oh!" she cries, and I cover her mouth with my hand. She snakes her tongue out and slides it between my fingers. I move them in surprise and suddenly she's sucking on my pinky finger.Holy shit, I'm in all your holes, baby.I bite my lip to stave off my orgasm and use my free hand to twirl the vibrator within her. She stiffens and bites hard on my finger as her orgasm begins. She tries to straighten her legs but can't, forcing her to absorb all the sensations. I snag my finger out before she snaps it off and clamp my hand back over her mouth as an incredibly powerful orgasm shoots through her. She's shaking and holding her breath, and I pound into her without hesitation, draining my anger into her slick folds. Suddenly, she clenches harder on me and I'm nutting again, dumping load after load into her, gargling unintelligible nonsense. I think to pull the vibrator out before collapsing on the bed next to Francesca, breathless from that incredible fuck. It takes me a moment to I realize she is still tied up. I lean over her and unlock the shackles, rubbing her wrists and ankles, then kissing them delicately. "Wow," she says as my lips caress her left ankle, "That was incredible."
"Mmhmm," I murmur, then pull her in for a kiss.
She's still panting lightly, but she presses herself up and wanders into the bathroom to clean up.
"I was angry with you," I tell her when she returns.
"I know, but I don't understand why. I don't think of David in that way- I'm completely under your spell, Reggie," she replies matter-of-factly, sliding on her panties.
"He wants you, Francesca," I pull my boxers back on.
"No, he doesn't. And, even if he did, it wouldn't matter because I only want you," she steps towards me and puts my face in her hands, letting her fingers trail my cheekbones. I let a small smile loose and nuzzle into her left hand.
"Mmmh. I like the sound of that," I say, and turn my face to kiss her hand. "You're all mine," she rolls her eye but smiles and nods at me.
"They are going to notice you're gone," I say quietly, and she nods again, lowering to pick her dress up off the floor.
"Hurry up, I want some cake," she teases me as I pull my jeans on.
"Fucked an appetite into you, did I?" I rag on her, and she whips my shirt at me, a glorious grin on her face.
We clean ourselves up and wander back into the party, attempting not to be obvious. I don't want to share her, but at least I know I can have her again when everyone leaves. I keep her close the rest of the night, not wanting a repeat of the incident with David. She seems to enjoy her night, which warms my heart.I love this girl so much. Too much for my own good, probably.