Author's note: just a fun little FM romance with an exhibitionist theme
*****
Three figures a few feet apart in a line made their way up the switchbacks. The trail weaved back and forth through the lush foliage and it was cool even in mid-afternoon. High above, the thick mesh of branches and leaves almost entirely shielded the high-latitude sun from finding its way to the forest floor. They were deep in callidendrous rainforest, the most common type in Tasmania, having a canopy exceeding 40 meters in height. During the first hour of hiking that morning, every few minutes one of the students would stop to gaze high above in wonder and point out a detail to the others, but after enough time and repetition, the routine of even this beautiful environment had set in—along with a realization of the demands of the day's ambitious distance goal—and they were now plodding continuously up the slope without comment.
Oliver walked second in the little group. Anna, at the head of the line, heard the squish of his hiking boot every time his left foot hit the gravel, and couldn't resist a smile. During the last stream crossing he had plunged it in deeper than he intended, soaking it and probably his sock, too. She thought of how often he had been clumsy on this first day of their two-day trip in the Tasmanian wilderness, and how this, somehow combined with his always-too-serious expression, endeared him to her. She thought of his attractive angular face and lean build, and wondered if she would get a chance to help him dry off by the fire tonight at the hut. It would be fun to explore what was under those hiking khakis, if he could manage to get them off without falling over in a heap while he balanced on one leg. The image made her smile again.
She could tell by his small noises that he was gathering his courage to tell her something, and was flattered that he seemed nervous around her. The fantasy that he found her attractive had crept in, and she wanted to nourish this notion. Anna hadn't had guys fall for her much in her life yet. She was pretty enough—actually quite pretty—but she blamed her lack of a natural flirting personality for not getting any further than she had in the few furtive relationships she'd tried. Part of her reason for this travel was to reinvent herself overseas—to take that shy girl from Rhode Island and let her take some risks and be bold. To have an adventure!
"Anna," he started.
"Mmm?" she replied noncommittally.
"Midge valley is just over that ridge, you can see it there. We should get in a couple hours after that, just before dark."
They had been hiking since dawn, after parking at the western edge of the little town of Hobart. Poul—their team leader—and his girlfriend Camilla, already ahead of them on the trail, had been insistent on getting the earliest of starts. The three had learned quickly not to go against Poul's wishes. Anna knew he was a bit of a strange fellow, she'd seen that much during his visits to the dorm hall to see Camilla, but now she wondered if there was even more to him. Camilla was from Norway, part of the same international exchange program Anna was taking part in that summer; Anna from America and Madge from Sweden. Oliver was the only one of the weekend adventure group of five who hailed from Tasmania itself.
Oliver continued, "I, um, I just wanted to apologize. In advance. You know, for tonight."
Anna had no idea what he was talking about.
"Do you plan on saying something rude to me tonight?" she said with an attempted flirt in her voice. She was still learning how to pull that off.
"Oh no, of course not. I just meant the midge check, you know."
Anne enjoyed his Australian accent, and understood the words he spoke, but didn't understand what he was anxious about. Madge had told her about the midges. It was a major feature of this hike. A last hurdle of sorts before the day's hiking ended at the hut—a hut owned by a mysterious contact of Poul's, where they were to spend the night—and this hurdle was in the form of a deep and moist canyon called Middleton Valley. Beautifully thick with vegetation and streams, but also thick with clouds of the famous tiny Tasmanian biting flies. There was no way to detour around it and it would be an hour or more of enduring the discomfort of the natural world, the temperate rainforest at that, before the day would be over.
At least that's what Anna had heard from others. She had never been on this trek before. But to a person, including Anna's new best Swedish friend Madge, the cute and stammering Oliver, and of course the brooding and mercurial Poul and his beautiful black-haired woman Camilla, they all insisted it was the only negative of the entire hike, and a small price to pay for the lifetime experience of seeing the beauty of the deep Tasmanian wilderness on this rarely traveled trail.
The locals referred to this place of ordeal as Midge Valley instead of its proper name, and the students had some fun calling it Madge Valley as a wordplay in honor of their Swede.
Unfortunately, as they told Anna, even when taking every precaution, the midges were likely to get into every crevice of one's clothes and leave nasty, itchy bites. Poul and his friends had developed a routine they called the midge check, where a special salve applied to each bite aims to prevent swelling and itching that would otherwise drive you mad for a few days and nights. That's what Madge said, anyway. Poul was insistent that there be no use of the DEET chemicals, wanting humans to remain pure and not pollute the environment. Poul was already sounding like a handful to deal with on this trip, in Anna's opinion.
Poul and Camilla had gone far ahead on the trail a half hour previous, and were probably well into Midge Valley itself by now. Poul wanted to get ahead to prepare the fires in the hut for the furnace, shower and hot tub. It was supposed to be no small feat of engineering what Poul's friend had built there over the years. Nobody knew how Poul got to know this Tasmanian local, but nobody knew much of anything about Poul, or for that matter much of anything that Poul did.
She continued walking, rounding the final switchback to the long uphill she could see spreading out before her, that led to the ridge just in front of the buggy valley. She wanted to understand what was just said.
"Oliver, what are you talking about?"
"Well, I mean, I don't really know you very well, and you are a pretty girl, if you don't mind me saying so."
A hazy thought started to form in Anna's mind. She stopped in the middle of the track, holding up both Oliver and Madge, who was directly behind him.
"Madge," Anna said in a sharp voice. Madge looked up innocently, peering over the side of Oliver. She continued, "You told me that to do this hike I had to agree to this midge check thing in the hut."
"Yes, Anna," she said quietly, in her almost-perfect Swedish-accent English.
"You said it was non-negotiable and Poul insisted on it as a condition of being invited on his little getaway. That otherwise the midge bites would fester and he wouldn't be responsible for that."
"Yes," she said, again.
"You said we'd go as fast as possible through the valley, run into the hut, jump into a hot shower and then we'd check each other for bites, over our whole body."
"Yes," she said.
"Then you'll check me, right?"
"Yes," she said yet again with a smile, showing a friendly but slightly impatient expression like when will this questioning be done? Anna sighed in relief that she hadn't misunderstood anything.
"Oliver, then why are you apologizing to me about the midge check and talking about how pretty I am? And by the way, thanks for the compliment." She threw him a little smile she hoped was encouraging. She had her hands on her hips, resting on her tight poly top that hugged all her curves quite well, as she knew. She was glad that he had noticed her curves, evidently.
Oliver stood silently, looking nervously at her, contemplating how to answer.
"I think I understand the confusion," Madge broke in, with her Swedish accent. Anna felt like she was talking with one of the Abba singers—that blonde one—with her accent and sweet and clear voice. "You are American. I forget that you have a problem with nudity."
Anna was taken aback. "I don't think I have that big a problem with it," she said defensively. She'd been in locker rooms, although it was true that she had never liked undressing in front of others, but she did it, and she and Madge and had known each other long enough at the university dorms this summer to try on clothes and goof around in their rooms in their bras and panties with no reserves that Anna could remember.
Madge continued. "You may select me to check you, yes that is correct. But this thing is a— how do I say?—sort of a ceremony, done together. Poul and Camilla insist on this way. For the experience. You know Poul, he is an unusual man—very serious about experiences, about discovering truth, about life, about . . ." she raised her hands and waved at the natural scene around us, "the environment and the gaia."
Anna had her mouth hanging open from Madge's earlier comment. "Wait. What does 'done together mean'? Madge, what the hell did you sign me up for? I'm not going to be part of some Lord of the Flies bullshit out here in the middle of nowhere!"
"Anna, it is not Lord of the Flies. It is a sensual experience, yes." She reflected for a moment and rocked her head back, considering. "I like it. I think you might, too."
In reaction to this new information, Anna put her hands to her eyes, covering them in disbelief, still standing in the path blocking the others' progress. "Wait, let me get this straight." She opened her hands to look directly at Oliver. "You are part of this experience, too?"
"Yes, we all do it," he said.
"Like, we all do it together? Get naked in front of each other?"
"Yes, for the midge check. If you don't do it, the bites will itch badly tomorrow."
"I know," she said, "but, oh my God," as it sunk in. They'd been hiking most of the day and there was no turning back now, a couple of hours before dark in the middle of the thick Tasmanian forest. She wouldn't know the way back even in the daylight with the many twists and turns and unmarked junctions Poul had guided them through. Up ahead was this borderline lunatic hippy guy and his scary girlfriend, and she needed to keep in their favor to get a hot shower and bed tonight and they insisted on some sort of naked cleansing ceremony? She couldn't believe Madge let her get into this, but with all their co-ed hot tubs and saunas, Anna guessed that Swedes didn't think anything special about group nudity.
She couldn't see any way around it for the time being, so she spun around in a daze and started trudging up the trail, racking her brain as she walked, wondering how she could convince Poul to let Madge check her for midges privately. But he had already lost his temper this morning when Oliver confessed that he left his water bottle on the bus, and at Madge when she got out a brightly-colored branded Adidas jacket from her backpack. He gave them all a ten minute lecture about purity and the natural order and the evils of corporate branding and fascism. I should have listened right then to my inner doubts and turned around and spent the day shopping in the cute little Hobart downtown, staying in a hotel for tonight, she thought to herself. Rhode Island seemed nice and safe to her at the moment.
In time, they gathered at the top of the ridge, looking down to Middleton Valley. It was beautifully verdant and nothing could be detected that was out of the ordinary. In fact, it seemed quite the welcoming trail. Of course, they didn't call these little nasty bugs "no see ums" for no reason. The travelers looked at each other, shrugged, then pivoted to head down the trail in their line of three, right into the thick of it.
There isn't much of note to tell about the next couple hours other than it was a tough hike down, across the valley and thickly vegetated streams, and then up again, and the whole time Anna could feel those little suckers wriggle in everywhere under her clothes. She had tucked in all the fabric she could into pants and shoe cuffs and collars but they must have been getting in through somewhere in small holes. She didn't notice the pain of any bites, but their trick is that you don't notice until later, it was said, so as a group they just walked purposefully and as fast as they could without actually running—the last thing they wanted was a sprained ankle—and tried to get in and out of that valley as soon as possible. At least she hadn't thought about the naked ceremony bullshit much while just trying to get through the valley alive without being eaten up by the insects.
Finally they crested the ridge on the far side of the valley, and followed the easy meandering trail across the meadow for another half an hour. It was during this time that Anna brought her mind back to the challenge facing her yet today.
She was a good looking girl, she knew that. She wasn't embarrassed about her body, in fact she was proud of it. She was athletic, and ate well, and tried to get as much sleep as she needed. She celebrated her eighteenth birthday only recently and her youth and vitality shone through her skin and hair and face and body.
But it was her body. It was a secret that was supposed to be only hers, and only she knew the exact way the private parts of her body were made—the way her breast curved away from her chest, the shape and color of her delicate nipples, how her butt had smooth and soft skin, and of course her most private area, the way she looked between her legs. Her family always went to church, and although she never thought of herself as a prude, she made sure to wear appropriate clothes. Even her boyfriend or two had never seen her fully naked, even when they fooled around a little.
Oliver had been quiet through the valley and on this last approach. Maybe he was also thinking of the ceremony. Oliver was her way out of this, she figured. She didn't mind being naked in front of him, so much. That thought also made her nervous, but it was exciting too. It gave her heart a little skip. The thought of Poul looking at her exposed, seeing her most private parts, was what made her shiver.
They rounded a corner and in front of them there was the hut. The door opened as they approached. Poul stepped into the frame, still in his full hiking gear, with a strange, maybe even demonic, smile across his face.
"You have made it through hell!" he shouted in a loud voice, with his head angled up and his chin protruding as if he was talking to someone ten feet above us, as Anna had seen him do in the dorms a few times when he was excited. "Come, come, and see what awaits you inside!" he exclaimed in a booming voice like he was at a performing arts center.
He was a strange dude for sure, Anna thought, and shook her head after he pulled back into the hut. There was no way out now, and her anxiety turned to resignation as she laughed to herself, thinking of her desire for some adventure this summer. If she had only seen this one coming.
They made their way into the small windowless room and swung the door loosely shut behind them, in memory of the midges. It was warm and cozy, Anna thought to herself, although she would have much preferred to replace two of the occupants with another two of her own choosing—or maybe to have the cabin empty with nobody but her and the cute and shy Oliver. That was a nice vision, she thought—they would settle in for the night together, she could check his midges and he would check hers! That she could do. Naked group ceremonies she wasn't sure about.
Camilla was there against the far wall, standing dark and tall and quiet, still in her full hiking gear. She and Poul hadn't been there very long, it seemed, but there was the crackling of freshly burning wood in the fireplace on the other side of the cabin. Pipes ran from it across the exposed ceiling boards to a small walled-off corner room which must be the home-made shower, Anna figured. She was cold and tired, and that shower by itself sounded delicious. She put aside, for the moment, thoughts of what else she might have to endure, when she saw the clouds of steam rising from above the partition.
Poul sealed up the hut door tight and displayed for the group with a flourish a handful of playing cards. He was a drama major, and it was difficult to tell when he was acting like an asshole and when he was actually an asshole. He put on his deep acting voice.
"Everyone. Attention! The midge check begins now. To a circle. There is no talking!"
Jesus Christ, Anna thought, flashing a look over to Madge and Oliver, neither of whom gave a reaction. She put her full trust in them that there was going to be nothing else wacko here besides the nudity. That was bad enough, but if she had been in this room alone with just Poul and Camilla, she would have been legitimately scared of some authentic creepy cult shit from those two.
He flashed his full attention to Anna in a sudden movement. She flinched backwards involuntarily.
"The virgin picks first!" He bellowed right over the top of her head.
What the fuck? Oh, then she understood, he meant that she hadn't done the Lord Piggy conch shell ceremony before.
He flashed the cards impatiently up and down in front of her. She took a step towards him and selected what turned out to be the four of spades when she flipped it over. She didn't know what this meant but waited to see what was next. She didn't want to ask any questions for fear of drawing Poul's wrath.
The others drew cards and in order there was an ace for Camilla, two for Poul, three for Madge, and a five for Oliver, all spades. As Camilla silently withdrew to the shower corner, it became clear that this was the order for the ceremony.
Camilla stripped off her gear and with her own flourish snapped off her bra and undies and quickly jumped behind the wooden wall of the shower. Anna looked to Madge and Oliver for guidance on what to do next. But they were silent. So she waited.
"We prepare the ointment," Poul commanded, pointing over-dramatically at the fireplace, and then strode directly to it. He placed several wooden sticks leaning on the wall into the embers and twisted them around. Anna's eyes went wide at that and she looked over at Madge again—Poul was facing the fireplace—who returned a "don't worry" motion with her hands. Anna tried to relax. The hell I am going to get poked with a burning stick! she thought to herself.
This went a few minutes until he heard Camilla turn off the shower. Moments later, the dark haired woman strode out buck naked into the center of the circle, facing Poul and the fireplace. She put her hands straight out to her sides. Anna couldn't help but admire her figure. Tall, with a bold breast line, protruding nipples, slender waist, luscious hips, and a huge mass of curly black hair at her bush. Anna preferred keeping herself trim, but somehow the old school look fit Camilla just right. She was dark and brooding but she cut a classic figure of beauty. Poul brought one of his hot sticks back to the circle and faced her.
"You must now choose!" He said loudly to a point somewhere over Camilla's head. Anna had to resist rolling her eyes. Instead, she looked at Camilla's skin on the side that was closest to her. A few tiny red dots were clustered there. Midge bites. A band of them also ran around where her pants waistband must have been, and another cluster by an ankle.
Camilla pointed directly at Poul, selecting him, in what was no surprise to any of the adventurers. He started with her head, lifting her hair up and dabbing the stick at her skin whenever he found a new red mark. She flinched at the initial heat, but after every smudge of charcoal, he rubbed a fingerful of cream into her skin, scooped up from a glass dish near to him atop a wooden crate. It took some time as he rubbed carefully into each bite. Anna wasn't sure if the charcoal had any effect, but the cream looked soothing to her.
I wonder how many bites I have under my own clothes, she thought, as she wriggled around and imagined she could feel some itching beginning to take hold. Yes, there was definitely something happening under her clothes but it wasn't excruciating yet and she could hold still until her turn.
As Poul worked down Camilla's body, he addressed a few on her chest, not hesitating to rub the cream deeply into her breasts. In fact he seemed eager for this step. Anna couldn't help staring at Camilla's beautiful flesh being massaged—it was kind of a turn on, she admitted to herself—and then over at Oliver. He wasn't watching Camilla and Poul at all, he was looking at Anna, and gave her an embarrassed smile, as if to say, see, this is what I was apologizing for earlier.
Poul worked the bites on Camilla's waist, then dived—thankfully for the sake of Anna's vicarious embarrassment—only briefly into her bush, and then fairly quickly was at her ankles and then he was done. The dark beauty walked briskly to her pack and pulled out some dry clothes to slip into. Poul himself stripped quickly and headed to the shower next and nodded to Camilla as she took up the stick and waved it menacingly at us. I'm in charge now, the motion said, just like Poul was before, and no goofing around either. Madge and Oliver stayed at attention, so Anna held still as well.
Then Poul was fast through the shower and underwent through the same ceremony, with Camilla applying the charcoal, using a fresh stick, and the ointment, in a similar manner. Poul had very few bites for some reason, so it was over quickly. Poul was thin and muscular, with veins covering his arms, hands, and legs, and if it weren't for his wacko personality, Anna thought to herself that she would have found him attractive.
He was very intense and charismatic. Anna had been going through her own personal battle during Camilla's procedure. She feared the forced intimacy of this naked ceremony, but she let herself stare at Poul's entire body, since it did not seem out of place to do so, taking a long look below his waist as Camilla worked nearby on his bites. A small thrill ran down her spine as this shy girl from the East Coast looked full on at a naked, good-looking man, and a part of her was enjoying her own carnal reactions. He was no boy. He was hung well, she saw, and even though she didn't have many reference points, she concluded that Camilla was likely a well-satisfied woman in that department.
Poul dressed while Madge went to the shower. Madge was a cute and rounded Swede, and Anna caught Oliver taking more than a momentary glance at her body as she slipped out of her clothes and jumped into the shower. Anna liked the shape of women's bodies as well, although she wouldn't have thought to admit it before this evening, and was looking forward to seeing Madge's luscious figure on display. Oliver looked back at Anna, sheepishly, noticing that he had been caught ogling Madge, and he gave an apologetic guilty look. He was adorable and a yearning passed through Anna; she wanted to get to know him better and see if she could have a deeper relationship. These were very strange circumstances, though.
Madge then came out naked, still dripping, and it wasn't a surprise that she pointed to Anna for the midge check honors. She had only a few bites and in not-so-embarrassing places, so Anna took a new stick from the fireplace and quickly went through the motions she had seen the others perform earlier. It was the first time that Anna had seen Madge absolutely buck naked, and she had as lovely a figure as Anna had hoped. Rounded face, rounded shoulders, rounded breasts, and rounded hips. Even her nipples were round and puffy, and her shaved groin showed rounded and soft pussy lips.
She was a friendly, outgoing Swede, and her figure fit her, Anna thought—she was equally as attractive as Camilla's classic but harshly edged beauty. She imagined Madge and a sauna full of other naked Swedes laughing and joking, drinking glasses of some clear Nordic alcohol, all comfortable being absolutely naked in front of their family, friends, teachers, work associates, and fellow students. Students? No way, Anna thought. How do they do that growing up? It still seemed impossible to her thinking of her own high school tensions and drama.
As she moved to Madge's backside, she saw that her naked bottom looked just as Anna had imagined it would from the tight lycra leggings she had been aware of during many hours of the day hiking behind her. Anna had an opportunity for mischief when Poul and Camilla turned to the fireplace—and it was a sign that somehow she was letting go of her nervousness—when she pulled her hand back and gave Madge a hard spank on the ass.
You got me into this mess, so I owe you a thing or two, Anna thought. She snuck in another hard smack, and Madge shifted her weight from one foot to another but otherwise didn't betray a reaction to the ringleaders as they returned to the circle, unaware. From where Oliver was standing, he saw this little prank go down and flashed Anna a conspiratorial smile. He also was staring hard at Madge's now red ass with his full attention.
Anna finished the work with the ointment, made one more scan up and down Madge's body to make sure she got everything, and then stepped back to let her retrieve her backpack—from which she pulled out her long-sleeved shirt and sweatpants and put them on quickly and returned to the circle.
Anna was next. She didn't know if she was going to have the nerve to do this ceremony like a carefree Swede, but one thing was for sure, she had been hiking all day—the last two hours through thick clouds of nasty bugs—and she was damn well going to get a hot shower whether there were crazed hippies present or not!
She stepped out of the circle and through the plastic shower curtain in the corner of the hut. A glance over her shoulder confirmed that the group was watching her. She had entered the shower with her clothes on, and contorted her body in that small space to get naked. It was a very crude room, but she could tell from the steam left from Madge that a delicious pleasure awaited her.
She slipped off her clothes hurriedly, and noticed little black dots falling to the shower floor. When she looked more closely, sure enough, they were dead midges that had caught in the folds of her clothes. An alarming number of them, she thought, as she shook her jacket and sports bra, and many more fell out.
Anna wondered what the hell was going on. Then she looked back at her jacket after she put it on the hook, and realized she had made a critical mistake in the last part of their hike today. During the mid-afternoon hot sun, she had opened the underarm zippers in the jacket so she wouldn't sweat like a pig walking up those steep hills. She remembered thinking how handy those zippers were. But she never closed them. Those damn little bugs had swarmed right in there and probably had a feast. On her delicious and succulent skin.
At that thought, she lifted up her arm and looked down at her side, and gasped. A dense cluster of red dots ran halfway to her waist, and worst yet, over and up onto the side. She looked straight down at her chest and her mouth opened in disbelief as she saw little red bites run up from the sides and all over her breasts. She stood motionless as she digested what this meant for Poul's ceremony. In a more practical thought, she realized that this trick with the charcoal and lotion better work or else she was going to have one hell of an itchy couple of days ahead.
She shook her head and goaded herself into action, stripping off the rest of her clothes. Nothing too bad below the waist, fortunately, so she hung up the clothes and turned on the water. It was scalding hot and she let herself relax with the water gushing on her head and down her face and torso. She planned on staying in there as long as she could while grappling with her next move.
Finally she cranked off the water, drew open the curtain and grabbed the towel on the hook, and got ready to face her destiny. Wrapping her left arm across her chest, covering her breasts as well as she could, and with her right hand covering her groin, she stepped out into the room. At least Poul didn't bother me about the eco damage of my long shower, she thought.
All eyes were on her as she walked slowly to the center of the little circle. She was somewhat covered with her hands except for her little naked derriere, but that was aimed mostly away from the eyeballs gathered around her in a half-circle.
Poul made a dramatic, but silent, motion circling his hand in a motion around the group and then looked at the girl in the center of the circle with a questioning expression. Time to select someone, it meant. Anna was trying to figure out how to point to Madge with the fingers of her left hand without uncovering herself, but she happened to look Oliver right in the eye. She later couldn't recall what it was—something about his look at her, at once friendly and well-meaning, but also attractive. Before she knew what she was doing, she nodded straight at him while holding his gaze. The selection was clear.
He blinked, and raised his eyebrows in complete surprise. He opened his mouth in a little "O" while he pointed to his chest, and started to say, perhaps, "Me?" but then remembering Poul's decree of silence, he snapped his mouth shut. Anna had made her decision, even though she couldn't have explained why, so she simply nodded in confirmation.
There was a pause while it sunk into both of them, then Oliver moved to pick up a stick from the fire, testing the end on the back of his hand to ensure that it wasn't too hot to the touch. When he turned back to face Anna, she hadn't moved an inch. Poul had his head tipped back with his eyes snapped shut in an inexplicable trance-like pose. Oliver made a silent questioning face at Anna and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, really, Anna, you're okay with this? She nodded very slightly. He smiled at his unexpected fortune and paused to gather his wits.
His first move was to check Anna's head. He gently moved the hair off the back of her neck and peered around, dabbing the stick and then the lotion here and there. He gently checked her face and neck, with a few more dabs. Anna liked having him look at her so close and carefully. Then he went down her back, dabbing more as he rounded her sides, where he stopped rubbing lotion into individual bites and simply massaged the entire bitten and red area with a slab of it. She still had her arm clasped firmly across her chest, in her Rhode Island conservative fashion.
Then there was scintillation as he dropped to her ass, dabbing and rubbing in circles as he went, which tickled her, then down the legs to her feet. At that point, he rounded her legs to get to her front side, still crouching down low, picking up each foot carefully to check all sides, and started working his way back up her legs. Anna had no complaint with his work so far, but then as he worked his way up her thighs he tapped back and forth on the insides of her legs asking her to let him check there. She hesitated, but then gave him only the access she thought he needed and no more, with her right hand still firmly in place over her vagina.
He stood up at that point and worked on her shoulders and upper arms, moving to her side again, looking with concern at the dense cluster of bites on the perimeter of her right breast. Dab and lotion went on, more slowly this time as he made sure he hit all of the bites. He worked his way around her hand which was firmly covering her nipple, and then in a surprise, with one of his hands pushed against hers, into her breast and up.
Anna's attempts at modesty were becoming a farce and they both knew it. She looked back at him, sighed, and pulled her hand away from her right breast entirely. She had large bold nipples and Oliver now had complete access to her breast. He looked up at her in brief surprise, with a smile, then resumed his attention on the job at hand, perhaps too eagerly. She was sure when he was done that she wouldn't be itching there tonight.
He contemplated how to address her other side, which was still covered by her clenched arm. Anna looked back at him, then down, and decided it was time to give up. She pulled both arms off her body and held them straight out to her sides, in the pose Camilla and Madge had taken earlier. Now she was truly as exposed as a girl can be. Oliver got to work on her other breast, working it thoroughly. When he got to the underside, he himself this time put his hand across the center of her breast and pushed in and up. Charcoal and lotion, over and over. Anna hadn't been so manipulated in her life, she thought, and in front of three other strangers, too! She didn't remember being bitten on her nipples but she felt Oliver working the lotion into them hard, anyway.
With one more look right in her eyes, and maybe she saw a smirk there, he dropped to a crouch, putting his eyes about 6 inches from her naked pussy. He put his hand to her and explored, dabbing and lotioning as needed. Maybe more than needed. She sighed and bent into a small squat to open up her groin for him so he would really get to all the bites she had down there.
Finally her turn was over, and she rushed over to her backpack and pulled out dry clothes to put on. She didn't look at the others until she had herself dressed and back in her position in the circle.
They weren't done yet. Oliver had the fifth card. Now that Anna was all clean and clothed, she felt some satisfaction seeing him strip down for his shower. He picked Anna, which at that point wasn't a surprise to anyone there. Fortunately, he didn't have too many bites, and the ones he had weren't in places that were too embarrassing. She did enjoy rubbing the lotion into his wiry forearms and calves. Oliver seemed slightly embarrassed standing naked in front of all of them, especially with his pretty new crush inspecting him, but it didn't seem to be that traumatic for him.
Then it was all over. They scattered to their own odd jobs in the hut, getting settled in for the night. Being summer, it was late when the sun went down, and since they had hiked since the very first light, all of them were ready to get some sleep. Anna made some coffee and stood outside on the small porch. Oliver came out to join her, wearing a Tasmanian country wool outfit that would have made any city dweller squirm. She thought he looked adorable in it, though.
From behind her, he gave a gentle embrace, with his arms wrapped around her torso. They stood together without saying anything, just enjoying the twilight for a few minutes. Then she turned and gave him a small kiss, and went inside, back to the little kitchen and bathroom for some final bedtime preparations.
The last flames of the fire flickered a light across the room. Poul and Camilla had fallen fast asleep after some noisy activity that the rest of the group tried to politely ignore—Poul was as single-minded in that aspect of his life as had been demonstrated in other aspects—and Madge was in her bed turned away from the room towards the wall. Anna couldn't tell if she was still awake or not. Her gaze moved down to Oliver who was on the floor on his makeshift mattress, and she startled when she saw that he was staring right at her. But then she relaxed when she met his eyes.
Scanning back across the others to make sure they hadn't stirred, she curled her finger at him, motioning him to come up to her. He raised his eyebrows in surprise, which turned to delight as he comprehended the request, and he moved quickly and quietly out of his sleeping bag and over to her. She pointed back to the table and whispered to him.
"The lotion."
His face fell. Being an errand boy wasn't what he had been hoping for. But he dutifully picked his way carefully across the dark floor and scooped up the little glass cup, bringing it back to her and presenting it with a flourish. She enjoyed the look of him in boxer shorts and nothing else. Of course, they had both seen each other wearing much less this evening. She was flattered that he was prancing around the cold room to indulge her, and looked at him and smiled.
"You missed a spot," she told him, motioning to the lotion he had fetched for me.
He looked confused. "Where?" he mouthed silently.
"You'll have to find it," she whispered back, and pulled open the edge of her sleeping bag. A smile started across his face, breaking his normally serious look, and spreading broadly as he understood the intentions of the shy American girl. He climbed into the bed and she winced at the ice cold of his slender body. That was remedied in short order by direct skin contact, as she pulled up her t-shirt and spooned against his bare back.
He craned his head back to her. "Do you really want more lotion?"
"Oh yeah," Anna said in a husky voice, letting go of her inhibitions. The ceremony had unlocked something deep inside her emotional brain and she was ready for a level of intimacy she had never considered before, with any guy. "Let's get you warm first. But then I want you to hit all my bites again, very carefully."
She held onto his shoulders, caressing his skin, feeling around to his chest, letting her hands wander down to his waist. As she felt the muscles around his hips, a yearning came over her. She wanted him. Inside her. She had never wanted that before, but she wanted it now. Rolling him over to his back, her hands crossed into the waistband of his boxers and went flat against the skin of his groin, feeling the texture. He looked back at her waiting to see where this was going, only putting the merest touch of his hand against her hair where it fell across her ear to brush it away from her cheek.
The boxers were coming off, she decided, and pulled them down over his ass—he assisted by lifting some of his weight off the bed—then down over his dick, which was getting hard with the anticipation, and her direct touch around the shaft only increased it.
Anna had never fondled a guy so directly before. She had had a few glancing blows, and gave a sort of hand job to one of her boyfriends in high school, but even that was mostly the guy grabbing her tits and getting his rocks off on his own. High school guys were not known for their long lasting mojo. But with Oliver she relished this. She wanted to play with his cock, cup his balls, feel his texture and explore the sensations that she felt and that she could tell she was generating for him, as he closed his eyes to enjoy her attentions.
But mostly, she wanted him inside her. She pulled her panties down to her knees which was as far as she could reach in the confines of the sleeping bag and rolled up on top of him. He looked surprised but pleased, and cradled her face in both hands while she balanced herself on top of him, trying to align the geometries down below. She wanted him inside her, but she knew that she was small and tight down there, and he seemed huge to her, and it didn't seem to be working. Wasn't this supposed to be easier, she thought with a hint of frustration.
Oliver had been enjoying her body weight pressing into him, and her fondling of his cock while she tried to figure out the basics of the birds and the bees, but she had pushed him into a very horny zone now and he couldn't wait any longer. He slid his hands from her head down to her shoulders and rolled over in the sleeping bag so he was fully on top of her—the bag was a tangle of twisted fabric now wrapped around them awkwardly but as long as they didn't fall out of the bed and he was skin-to-skin against this sexy woman, he didn't care.
As his weight pushed onto her soft body, his hard and muscled chest pressing against the curves of her breasts, and she looked up at him with those beautiful innocent eyes—showing excitement but also a hint of fear—his natural instincts took over and he thrust his pelvis towards her. His cock slid into the opening of her pussy. But there it stopped against the resistance. He pushed twice more into her groin but she squirmed with the discomfort it caused.
"Wait," she whispered.
He stopped his body motions—it took an effort to do so—and looked gently down at her face. They both sensed the absolute quiet of the hut. There were only soft sleeping sounds coming from Madge's bed, and Poul and Camilla were stone asleep. His hand went to her hair again where it passed by her ear and he caressed her skin there. "You don't want?"
"I do want," she said, looking up at him with longing, pulling his head towards her and giving him a kiss on the mouth. "But Oliver, I'm scared."
He nodded and pulled his weight off of her. "You are a beautiful woman," he whispered in his ear. "I will take care of you."
With that declaration, lying on his side next to her, he took her arms and raised them above her head, pulling the t-shirt up and off. As he pinned her wrists to the pillow with one hand, he ran his other hand slowly down her face and neck and chest. He played with the tissue of her breasts, teasing in a circle until he pushed his thumb hard into her nipple.
She squirmed again, this time not with discomfort but with pleasure. Her arms were pinned to the bed above her head and her torso shifted back and forth with the stimulation in response, but she couldn't get away. She lifted her arms up against his hold just to feel his strength pinning her down. He held her even more firmly and had complete control and access to her body. She was trapped but it was a secure feeling, and she felt a stirring in her pussy as he held her completely immobile. He wasn't nerovus and shy anymore, he was a strong and handsome guy, as assertive guy, and he was going to fuck her. She let herself sink into the emotions of that inevitability.
Then his hand moved down to her pussy, where he began a massage that caused her sensations she had never felt. She had tried to masturbate in her brief sexual life but never had been able to release enough tension to achieve an orgasm. His touch made it simple—there was no escaping the constant motions. She closed her eyes and imagined being naked in front of the hikers. In front of Poul. In front of a large group of people. Her breasts stood out for everyone to see. A thrill ran down her spine as Oliver's hands continued to pin her and she felt she was exposed for the world to see. Everyone could see her most private parts and there was nothing she could do to prevent it.
Oliver continued the pressure on her pussy, over the hood of her clitoris, and then a finger slipped into her pussy to explore and push against the small opening. She felt his hand sliding easily over the skin of her pussy now—was she that wet? Still pinning her wrists to the bed above her head, he leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, on the nose, on the mouth. She was owned by this man, and gave in, kissing him back hard. He moved his face down to her chest and sucked on her breasts, surrounding a nipple and pulling it up and away from her chest. A contraction ran through her pelvis and she arched her hips against him.
He rolled on top of her again, and this time his movements were deliberate, not tentative. Her hesitations were not going to be an obstacle now and they both knew it. With both hands he grabbed her wrists and forcefully extended her arms to the corners of the bed, pushing his full body weight onto her, lowering his chest onto hers so that he pressed down against her soft breasts. This time when he thrust his pelvis towards her, there was direct contact.
"Oh my God," she whispered, with a sharp intake of breath, as she felt his pressure against her insides, and then a flash of pain as he broke through. "Oliver!" she cried out, turning her face to the side to withstand the sensation. Then it was done, and she breathed again, turning up to look at him.
He pushed on steadily, pulsing into her, gently but determined. With one of his hands holding her wrists down on the bed above her head, the other was free to run down her body again to her pussy, where he rubbed against her clit while he pulsed in and out. She moaned as he hit the right spot.
In her vision, while Oliver lay on her, pushing into her rhythmically, she imagined that she was tied to a post in a public square. She had never had a fantasy anywhere near as crazy as this, but there was no time to doubt her mind; she let go and went with the flow. She was on a raised platform, and everyone passing by could see her naked. It made her so hot. A man walked up to her and looked at her naked body, and slapped her across the tits. Another came behind her, whispered "I'm going to fuck you" in her ears, and slapped her ass hard. The first man ran his hands down her body and spread her legs rudely open, and slapped her pussy.
When Oliver pushed his tongue into her mouth, hard, she felt the welling up of a new intensity of feeling from below her waist, and it grew until she knew the conclusion was unavoidable—she exploded into orgasm. She gasped as she felt this feeling of release for the first time in her life. Oliver pinned her down hard and pushed once, twice, three times deep into her and then held still as he climaxed into her. Then he sagged down, pressing his weight onto her. She liked being under him. They both were breathing hard, and smiling.
"You are beautiful," he said, giving her a soft kiss, and rolled off to her side. He took her head in his hands. She stared at the ceiling of the hut, mulling over the experiences she'd had in the past hours, not believing it all. She shook her head and turned to look at her new Tasmanian man, the shy guy turned into a rogue, who had unlocked her secret fantasies—who would have guessed what kinds of things were lurking inside her mind?
It turned out to be a very long night for the new couple. And it wasn't because the midge bites were itching.