Naomi looked out the bay window of her living room at the steady rain that fell outside. "Shit," she said to nobody in particular, "it's still raining." On a clear day the window provided a stunning view of Mount Rainier in all its glory, rising up behind the Puget Sound, but when the clouds rolled in, as they frequently do in the Pacific Northwest, it was as if the majestic peak was not even there.
It's not like she had anything to do today, except drive to the airport, but she really hated flying when there was 'weather.' She had booked herself on the red-eye since she was flying back East to New York for a 'girls weekend' her old college friend Sarah Lynch. Her flight wasn't scheduled to leave for several hours, but she hoped that it would at least stop raining before her departure.
Naomi Silverstein lived on an island off the coast of Seattle which was only accessible by ferry boat, so any trip to the 'mainland' required a bit of planning. Her flight wasn't until 9:38 PM, which meant she had to be at the airport by 7:30 PM, so the 6:15 PM ferry was her target.
She loved living on the island because it provided her with the best of both worlds. The island community was really laid back and fit her personality and lifestyle perfectly. However, the proximity to a major city like Seattle provided the career opportunities and salary level she required to keep her beautiful waterfront home and to travel whenever she desired.
Naomi checked her Apple Watch as she headed to the laundry room to move the clothes from the washer to the dryer. "When will you learn not to procrastinate," she scolded herself, noting that it was already four o'clock and she hadn't even showered yet. At least she packed the night before, but the clothes she wanted to wear on the flight were just put in the dryer.
She scanned the laundry room for her ever-present goblet of Riesling but did not see it on the shelf next to the washer. Naomi back-tracked her steps, through the living room, and kitchen, until she found it on the sink in the downstairs bathroom. "I swear you'd lose your head if it weren't attached," she admonished herself, repeating the often used words of her college roommate.
Naomi grabbed the goblet from the bathroom and stopped in the kitchen to top it off, before heading upstairs to her bedroom. She decided that her clothes would be dried by the time she finished her shower, and then she could dress and leave for the airport with plenty of time to spare.
She took a large sip from the wine glass and set it on the granite vanity, making a mental note to remember where it was this time. She opened the clear glass shower door and started the water running, to let it warm up while she undressed.
"Forty fucking years, can you believe it?" she asked her reflection in the bathroom mirror, discussing the purpose of this particular trip back East. Actually, it was time for her quarterly 'girls weekend' with Sarah, and they agreed that their college reunion would be a perfect excuse to get together. This trip was a little different though because Sarah was bringing her 23-year old daughter Michelle along with her.
Naomi pulled the orange sweatshirt with the large navy blue 'S' on the front over her head and wiggled out of the flannel pajama pants she was wearing. Turning to the left and right, she surveyed her naked form and was pretty pleased with how it's held up over the past four decades.
Sure there was a tad more girth to her waist, and maybe a hint of cellulite on her butt cheeks, but her tits seemed to hold up well to forty years of gravity, and she was genuinely pleased with her body. She flicked the topaz belly ring the hung from her navel and giggled at the memory of when she and Sarah got matching piercings when they met for 'girls weekend' in New Orleans. She continued to assess lower when the sheen of a single grey hair caught her eye, nestled within the neatly trimmed, dark brown patch of above her clit. "Oh that shit just won't do," she said to herself, as she grabbed the shaving gel and razor and stepped into the steamy shower.
As Naomi cleaned and caressed her body under the delightfully hot spray of the shower, she found herself getting more excited about seeing her best friend, and her thoughts traveled back to when they first met.
Sarah and Naomi were freshman roommates at Syracuse University back in 1979, Naomi from upscale Westchester, New York, and Sarah from the small town of New Hartford, outside of Utica, New York. While they came from different backgrounds and were in different programs, the two became fast friends and wound up living together all four years until graduation.
Sarah was the taller of the two at 5' 2", where Naomi was just a hair over 5 foot. And boy did she have hair! Her auburn ringlets cascaded down around her cherub face almost to her waist, ending just above the rounded globes of her full ass. Naomi was the bustier of the two, carrying two huge D cup breasts on her small frame, where Sarah's were a modest C cup.
Sarah was the athlete of the pair, having played softball and volleyball in high school, and she also captained the swim team. Her body was lean and tight, where Naomi was all curls and soft curves. Due to her athletics, Sarah usually wore her straight brown hair in a ponytail, many times pulled through the back of her favorite New York Yankees ballcap.
It wasn't until the first semester of sophomore year that their friendship escalated into something more. Naomi came back from Thanksgiving break distraught because her hometown boyfriend had broken up with her. They had dated all the way through high school together, were in the same temple youth group, and even had their Bar and Bat Mitzvahs on the same date. Naomi was sure they'd stay together, even though he was in a pre-med program at Johns Hopkins, and that someday they would live happily ever after as Dr. and Mrs. Joshua Moskowitz.
Sarah was there not only to console her friend and roommate but to also make sure she didn't fail out. Naomi's funk and depression had her missing classes and blowing off assignments, but it was Sarah's efforts and encouragement that pulled her through finals week. Naomi wound up passing all of her classes, some by the skin of her teeth and managed a 2.75 cumulative average.
After their last final, the two pooled their money together and bought 3 bottles of cheap wine and two large Stouffers Mac & Cheese microwave dinners to celebrate. After they ate, they sat together on the love seat that barely fit between their two twin beds in the tiny dorm room, deciding to put off packing for the Christmas holiday until the morning.
"To my own personal superhero," offered Naomi, as she raised her red Solo cup full of grocery store Merlot toward her dear friend and roommate.
"You did all the work," replied Sarah, while tapping the rim of her Solo cup to Naomi's, "All I did was drag your lazy ass out of bed!"
"You're still Wonder Woman to me," countered Naomi, knowing full well she would be going home for good if not for the help of her friend.
"Me? Wonder Woman," laughed Sarah, looking down at her modest chest, "if anyone has the boobs to fill the cones of that red, white and blue costume, it's you, my dear."
Naomi retorted, "well if boobs were brains, I wouldn't have needed your help!" And then she broke into her loud cackle of laughter that was incredibly infectious. When Naomi laughed, her whole body got involved. Her puffy lips would pull into a wide smile, showing off her pearly white and perfectly straight teeth. Her eyes would bulge and water, and everything would shake. Her shoulders, her ample breasts, her ass, and every ringlet from her scalp to her waist, as if they were individual springs.
And of course, when Naomi laughed, everyone around her would also laugh, and Sarah was her best audience. The two were lost in hysterics, bending over and holding their tummies, releasing all the stress, pressure, anxiety of the entire semester. Each time it appeared one of them was about to pull it together, the other would chortle, or snort, and the full body belly laughs would boil over again.
Finally composing herself, Naomi wiped the tears from her eyes, laid her head on her friend's shoulder and said: "I love you."
Pulling her tighter to her chest, Sarah moved Naomi's hair out of her face, gently tucked it behind her ear, and softly replied, "I love you too."
The words were often spoken between the two, to end phone calls or after saying good-night, but it was the way in which they were said this time that was palpably different.
Sarah was unabashedly bi, having had a relationship with the shortstop on her high school softball team her senior year. Naomi was not as experienced, having only dated Joshua, but she knew and was comfortable with her roommate's sexuality. This was the first time, however, that she felt a vibe other than friendship between them, and was shocked with the way her body and mind were responding.
Unclear whether it was nerves or genuine feelings of attraction, Naomi felt her pulse quicken, her nipples harden, and a tingle of moisture between her legs from those three simple words.
Meanwhile, Sarah was blushing, terrified of her friend's response, knowing full well the meaning that she conveyed with those words. She was enjoying the warmth and weight of her friend's body on her, and held her tightly to her, afraid to move and break the moment. Without realizing it, her hand was still gently caressing the ear behind which she tucked Naomi's hair.
Naomi finally pushed herself up off of Sarah's chest, a very serious look on her face, and her eyes locked on Sarah's. Sarah returned her gaze longingly, studying her friend's face for signs of hurt, betrayal, curiosity, or consent, but could not make out what was running through Naomi's mind.
The two sat looking at one another for several moments, engaged in a full cosmic conversation, without a single word being spoken. Sarah had always been secretly attracted to Naomi but had never felt comfortable admitting it, because their friendship was too precious to risk. Naomi had always sensed a little more than just friendship from Sarah, but she also knew that her friend would never do or say something to make her feel uncomfortable.
Until now.
The longer the silence lasted, the more the sexual tension grew between them. Sarah decided to defuse the situation and wetted her lips in preparation for the apology that she owed her friend. As she opened her mouth to speak, no words came out, because her lips were covered by a pair of the softest, fullest lips she had ever had the pleasure of tasting.
Naomi too had made a decision to break the tension, and her mind was set on expressing her love for Sarah in a way she sensed that Sarah had always desired. When she saw her friend's mouth open, Naomi knew she had to act fast before Sarah provided her an out. Sarah had always bragged about how women were so much better at kissing than men, and Naomi decided that there was no better time than the present to test that hypothesis.
Since Sarah's mouth was partially open, Naomi's was too when she leaned in and covered Sarah's lips with her own. She felt the moisture on Sarah's lips, and instinctively licked her own, concerned that they were dry. This resulted in her unintentionally tracing Sarah's lips with the tip of her tongue, which Sarah took as an invitation to bring her own tongue to this unexpected kissing party.
Soon the two girls were passionately tongue wrestling one another, while their hands rubbed and explored each other's bodies. Feeling things escalating quickly, Sarah broke their kiss, looked up into Naomi's large blue eyes, and asked, "are you sure?"
"I don't know," Naomi replied honestly, "but I do know that you're 100% right about girls being better kissers!"
Sarah reached down and pulled her shirt over her head, exposing her smaller tits and the diamond-hard nipples that stuck out at least a half an inch. Following her friend's lead, Naomi removed her shirt too, and leaned back in for another kiss, enjoying the feeling of 'skin against skin'.
The kissing and the rubbing and the pinching and the pulling continued until they were both naked and enjoying each other's bodies. Sarah was the first to take things 'South of the border,' and Naomi was literally trembling when she felt her friend's slender fingers move through her tender folds. She had her eyes closed, unable to acknowledge the reality of the situation, but felt her legs naturally fall open, urging her friend to continue her quest. The searching fingers found her aching clit and circled it lovingly.
Naomi heard a long slow moan and opened her eyes before she realized it came from her. She looked around the steamy bathroom trying to get her bearings. She found herself leaning against the Italian ceramic tiled wall with her left hand pinching her right nipple, and her right hand buried between her legs.
She had no idea how long she had been lost in the daydream of her first time with another woman, but judging by the now lukewarm spray of the shower, it had been awhile. She reluctantly patted her vagina and said, "you'll just have to wait until we get to New York sister," and spun the shower handle counterclockwise to turn off the water.
Despite the exhaust fan in the shower, the room was filled with steam and the large mirror over the sink was fogged over. She wrapped her wet ringlets in a plush terrycloth towel and tucked it around her head like a Caribbean queen. Grabbing a second towel from the closet opposite the sink, she dried her body, lifting each breast to make sure they were dry underneath. "Maybe I should go to the airport like this," she joked to herself, thinking it would not only speed up the TSA screening process but make it far more interesting.
She dropped the towel into the hamper next to the vanity, and plucked the one grey hair out of her bush, before stepping into the light blue high-cut panties that she had brought into the bathroom with her before her shower. Naomi clasped the matching bra around her waist, then spun it around and gently tucked a breast into each cup, before pulling the straps up over her shoulders.
She skipped down the stairs to the laundry room, excited that she'd soon be seeing her friend and lover. Naomi pulled the faded skinny jeans out of the drier and gave them a hardy shake.
She stepped into pants, and let out another moan of pleasure with how good the still warm denim felt on this cold and rainy day. She withdrew the floral print fitted blouse, and there was another loud snap, as she gave it a similarly hardy shake to chase away any wrinkles. Naomi giggled to herself as she buttoned the blouse from the bottom up, leaving the top three buttons undone, knowing that Sarah would surely be pleased with the ample cleavage that was on display.
It wasn't until junior year of college that Sarah finally convinced her to dress to accentuate her assets, rather than hide them. Until then, Naomi would wear baggy sweaters and blouses to downplay her large breasts. Sarah chided her that she had nothing to be ashamed of and that she should be proud of what God gave her. It took a while, but Sarah finally broke through years of Jewish guilt, and Naomi started to wear more form-fitting styles.
Naomi trotted back up to her bedroom, hoping the bathroom mirror would be defogged by now, as she needed to do her makeup really quickly and get on the road. Naomi checked herself out in the mirror over her dresser as she made her way to the large bathroom off the master suite. It wasn't until she was three steps past the dresser that the image from the mirror registered in her brain.
"What the actual fuck?" she yelled as she stopped dead in her tracks and took three large steps backward to double-check on her reflection. She could have sworn that when she first walked by, she appeared to be totally naked, but looking down at herself, she could see she was fully clothed.
Sure enough, as she stepped back in front of her dresser, she could see her full breasts and cute landing strip on display in her reflection. She ran her hands down her chest and legs and could feel the material of her blouse and jeans, but in the mirror, her hands were caressing her naked body.
"What the fuck is in that wine?" she queried, as she closed her eyes tightly and rubbed her temples. "Are you finally going off the deep end, Silverstein?" Opening her left eye slowly, as if checking for monsters under the bed, Naomi was still met with her naked image winking back at her in the mirror over her dresser.
She screamed and ran into the bathroom, and then screamed again, as her reflection appeared totally naked in the large mirror over the sink as well. She leaned her hands on the granite vanity and hung her head. She could clearly see and feel the clothes covering her body, but when she looked up, the mirror displayed a completely different image.
Shaking her head as if to wake herself from a bad dream did nothing to change her reflection, but it did make her notice the clock next to the toothbrush holder which was showing 5:35. She knew if she missed the 6:15 ferry, she'd never make her flight, so she ignored the naked woman in the mirror and did her best to apply her makeup.
She carried her wine glass down to the kitchen and dumped its contents into the sink. She picked up the half-empty bottle and checked for an expiration date, before emptying the rest of the bottle into the sink as well.
Naomi threw her suitcase, garment bag and purse in the back of her hybrid Highlander and made the 10-minute ride down to the ferry dock. She pulled off on the shoulder behind the last car in the ferry line and said a silent prayer that she was not actually sitting there buck-ass naked.
She watched as the young attendant walked down the line of cars collecting tickets, and she held her breath as he approached her vehicle. Naomi held the one-way pass out the opened window, and quickly snapped her head back, as she caught her 'side boob' reflection in the side-view mirror. "Objects in mirror a closer than they appear indeed," she joked to herself, in an attempt to lighten this very tense situation.
"Thank you, ma'am," said the handsome teenager as he took her ticket, giving no indication that anything was amiss with the petite woman behind the wheel.
Naomi breathed a huge sigh of relief that she was actually fully dressed, and out of habit, flipped down the visor mirror to check out her hair and make-up. "FUCK!" she yelled, as the mirror displayed the seatbelt running through the deep valley of her large naked breasts. She quickly snapped the mirror closed and flipped up the visor, doing her best to convince herself that she was not going crazy or having a stroke.
She watched the deck hands carefully as she drove onto the ferry, looking for any indication that they were seeing her as naked. Naomi would normally go topside and stand at the rail during the twenty-minute ride to Seattle, but she decided it was better if she just stayed in her car this time. She made it to airport parking with time to spare, and nobody on the short shuttle ride to the terminal looked at her with any concern.
While waiting in the TSA screening line, she thought one of the custodians was looking at her as if she were naked, but she decided he was just a creep and ignored him. She made it down to her gate and picked up a Starbucks Carmel Macchiato before settling down in the waiting area. "Well that was interesting," she sighed to herself, as she sipped the sweet, hot concoction, comfortable in the fact that hundreds of people had seen her by this point, and nobody had dialed 9-1-1.
Naomi always had her assistant book her on the red-eye when flying East, because it was rarely a full flight, and she could sleep on the plane and make up for the three lost hours of time difference. After the bizarre events of this day, she was definitely exhausted and looking forward to sleeping soundly from take-off until they touched down at Hancock International Airport in Syracuse.
The gate agent announced that the flight would be boarding soon, and Naomi fished her boarding pass from her purse. "GROUP FUCKING C?" she said somewhat loudly, "I need to get a new goddamned assistant." She noticed that she also was booked in a window seat at the rear of the plane. "Sonja's going to get a talking to Monday when I get back for sure."
"At least I have time to go pee before we board," Naomi said to herself as she dropped her empty cup in the recycle bin, trying to find the silver lining in riding steerage class. She stepped into the ladies' room and shrieked loudly, seeing her naked reflection in the bathroom mirrors, and immediately turned and ran out. Everyone waiting to board was looking at her now, not because she was naked, but because she was the crazy screaming lady running out of the restroom.
She tried to avoid eye contact with the seated passengers, as she made her way back to her last row window seat. "Remind me to thank Sonja," she said to herself, happy now to be secluded in that rear of the plane, with nobody seated next to her. She stuffed her rolling bag in the overhead bin and settled into her window seat. The flight crew yammered through the safety instructions as the plane taxied to the runway, and Naomi was asleep well before the plane reached cruising altitude.
The rumble of the engines and rush of the air passing over the wings provided great white noise, which always helped Naomi sleep soundly. But soon the urgency in her bladder was pulling her back to consciousness, due to the aborted trip to the ladies' room at the terminal. As she blinked her eyes open and tried to adjust to the muted light in the darkened cabin, she noticed that there was now a young woman sitting next to her.
"I love your piercing," the young woman said to Naomi, "is that topaz?"
"Excuse me?" Naomi responded in a hushed whisper, looking around at the sleeping passengers and flight attendants, the urgency of her bladder no longer her main concern.
"Your belly button ring silly," the brown-eyed woman responded, "you rarely see a woman your age with a pierced navel."
Naomi looked down at herself and covered her mouth with both hands to keep from screaming again, as she was sitting there stark naked, the only thing covering her body being the grey seatbelt fastened low and tight around her hips.
"I'm Shelly," the young woman said, extending her hand.
"Naomi," replied the perplexed naked passenger in the window seat, as she removed her hands from her mouth to great her seatmate.
"I was just out visiting U-Dub looking to go there for Grad school," Shelly continued, squeezing Naomi's hand warmly as spoke.
"I'm meeting an old classmate at our fortieth reunion at SU," replied Naomi, choosing to look into Shelly's pretty face, rather down at her own apparent nakedness. "She bringing her daughter too, who I'd guess is about your age."
"That's so cool," replied Shelly, finally releasing the older woman's hand. "I got my undergrad degree at SU."
Naomi smiled back with a 'that's wonderful dear but I've got bigger issues to deal with' smile, hoping the younger woman would either let her up to pee or be quiet so she could go back to sleep.
"Would you like me to shut off your vent?" asked the young woman, adding, "they look fairly uncomfortable."
"Pardon me dear?" asked Naomi pseudo-politely, a hint of aggravation behind her words.
"Your nipples, Naomi," Shelly clarified while placing her hand on Naomi's bare thigh, allowing her to lean over and screw closed the air vent above Naomi's head. "It was blowing on your nipples and they look extremely hard and uncomfortable." Shelly's left hand remained on Naomi's thigh, as her right hand moved down from the overhead vent and cupped Naomi's left breast, to accentuate her words.
Naomi closed her eyes in disbelief, then let out a low moan, as the younger woman's fingers traced circles around her areola and lightly pinched the distended nipple. She opened her eyes and turned toward Shelly with a combined look of confusion and pleading, and parted her lips to speak.
"Shhhhhh," Shelly hissed, placing her index finger across Naomi's full lips, "just lay back and enjoy it."
Shelly's right hand continued to knead and caress the tender flesh of Naomi's left breast, while her left hand moved up Naomi's thigh, toward the junction of her legs. Shelly leaned in and replaced her index finger with her lips, and began kissing the older woman, as her fingers pushed into the wet folds of Naomi's exposed vagina.
Exhausted, confused, and totally horny, Naomi decided to just go with the feeling, and she spread her legs wider, as Shelly's wet fingers started to circle her clit. Naomi was happy the young woman was kissing her, as her moans would have surely woken the entire cabin if they weren't muffled by Shelly's mouth.
Shelly pulled away from their kiss as she removed her fingers from Naomi's cunt. Naomi looked up at her confused as to why she stopped but understood as Shelly put the wet fingers of her left and into Naomi's mouth, and moved her right hand between her thighs, to continue the attack on Naomi's clit.
She licked and sucked her own juices off of Shelly's fingers, and rocked her hips on her seatmate's hand, feeling the wonderful waves of the orgasm welling up inside of her, ready to crash violently on the sands of the beach. Shelly's mouth clamped down on Naomi's right breast, and she proceeded to suck and lightly bite her aching nipple. Shelly's covered Naomi's mouth with her free hand to stifle her moans as she came all over the young girl's other hand.
Shelly continued her assault on the older woman's pussy through her mind-blowing orgasm and didn't pull away until Naomi clamped her legs together on the invading hand, thrashing back and forth in the faux-leather seat. The warm wave of post-orgasmic bliss washed over Naomi, and she snuggled against her seatmate as she fell back into a deep and rewarding sleep.
"Ma'am...MA'AM," the insistent tone of the tall brunette flight attendant shook Naomi out of her deep slumber. "we've landed at Hancock, you have to deplane now."
Naomi blinked several times, trying to get her eyes to adjust to the now fully lit and totally empty cabin. "Thank you," Naomi responded politely, as she pulled her left hand out of her bra to wipe the string of drool that was dripping from the corner of her mouth. "I guess I was sleeping pretty deeply," continued Naomi, still not back to full consciousness.
"Oh, you had the best sleep of any of us," replied the flight attendant with a smirk, her eyes darting down to Naomi's crotch.
Naomi looked down and her tired eyes focused on her unbuckled and unzipped jeans, with her right hand jammed deep down into her light blue panties. "OH MY GOD!" Naomi exclaimed, as she quickly pulled her hand out and zipped and buckled her pants. "I'm so very sorry, umm" she paused, reading the name tag on the flight attendant's navy blue blazer, "Shelly...I've never done anything like this before."
Lifting down the lone remaining bag from the overhead compartment, Shelly smiled at the blushing woman and said, "I guess I don't have to ask if you enjoyed your flight."