Aurelia's sexuality becomes more confusing
The cave
All participants in sex acts are over eighteen.
Aurelia was a prisoner of her inestimable beauty, doomed to be pursued by adoring men and isolated from the normal world. Her holiday with the family at a holiday camp in the 1970s had not proven the escape she had hoped, from the attentions of men. She had thought herself immune to men's advances. She had assumed that her sexuality was proven by her body's reaction to the voluptuousness of her holiday friend, Rachel. But one short conversation with Alex had thrown her feelings into turmoil again. Yet she didn't know why.
She was in the second week of the holiday with her family, but she had been left by them to her own devices. So she had drifted into the company of other teenagers her age at the holiday camp. That had led to her meeting Rachel and experiencing an erotic woman on woman encounter that had left her confused about her own sexuality. Rachel subsequently teamed up at the start of the second week with a lone new arrival, Alex, whose inscrutable appeal to Aurelia had been heightened by his rapid connection with her new-found friend, Rachel.
So Aurelia was now confused, about her desires, and her sexual orientation. Her only sexual heterosexual encounters had been with her older brother, and had not ended well for her. But, like her, he was supremely attractive, so if he could not stir her hormones, could any man?
She had suffered the suffocating attention of her male admirers for over a week, and could no longer bear the pressure of their persistence. She sought to find isolation, to be alone and unpestered by the unwanted attentions young men. Her problem was that she was a magnet for males of all ages, and an icon for young women who admired her poise and beauty. So both sexes surrounded her and followed her wherever she went.
That over-riding need to escape from her followers prompted her to seek solitude. They were all milling around near the cliff-top shop after lunch. She responded tersely to questions and comments, eying the hedging behind the clifftop shop. It was meant to be a physical barrier of sorts, to discourage people from going too near the cliff edge. Yet it would also provide cover for her to hide and escape her social captors. She excused herself from her closest followers and slipped into the shop, supposedly to browse, but keeping a wary eye on the youthful throng not far away outside. Waiting just inside the shop until she saw all eyes averted from its entrance, she used a couple of holidaymakers as cover as they left the shop, and slipped out in their wake, and round the side of the shop to its rear. Before her ran the line of clipped hedging above head hight that left a mowed green margin of grass before the steep drop of the cliff. The sandy bay was far below, but out of bounds today due to the high tide which completely submerged the sandy beach.
The distant roar of the sea beyond the bay and the high pitched cries of seagulls, drowned out the sounds from the games green beyond the hedge. She felt at last that she had escaped from the youthful throng of admirers, and could relax.
She walked fifty yards or so along the cliff edge, away from the centre of the camp and the clifftop shop. Her heart was rejoicing with barely suppressed joy at the simple pleasure of finding somewhere secluded to hide herself from the group and enjoy the sunshine in peace.
She halted at last and spread towel to lay down on her front, her head facing the way she had come, so that she could spot anyone from a distance who ventured beyond the hedge screen. An hour of sheer bliss in her secluded solitude passed by in no time at all. She dozed occasionally but kept waking to thoughts of her friend, Rachel, whose Aunt's stupidity had forced them to leave the camp prematurely.
Aurelia had since then felt very much alone even when surrounded by admirers. She had tried escaping as often as she could, losing herself in the crowd amongst the happy families on the beach, but that afternoon the tide was high and the beach was closed.
Her head was facing back along the grass verge towards the back of the shop, the sun gently browning her skin. It felt like nirvana. She slipped her bikini panties down her thighs to let the sun work on her bottom, but she remained wary of anyone seeing her. Nevertheless, she dozed in the warm sunshine and experienced half-waking dreams. Suddenly she was awake, as if by instinct. A movement attracted her attention some distance away. It was a furtive movement at the end of the hedge at the corner of the cliff-top hut. She raised her head and focused her eyes to get a better look. She held her breath with the suspense of the moment.
The moving figure had been that mysterious young man, Alex, again commanding her attention. He did not appear to have noticed her. His movements were furtive. He was hiding at the far rear corner of the shop, to conceal him and make himself inconspicuous from an unseen something, or someone on the games green. His body appeared to relax after a few moments as if satisfied. He did not glance once in Aurelia's direction. Instead he headed nonchalantly towards the cliff path. She realised that he must be going down to the flooded beach!
Intrigued, Aurelia adjusted her bikini, gathered her things and followed him, clutching them to her chest. Like him, she paused at the corner of the shop. It gave her a good vantage point from which she could observe the group of youths, their number now somewhat reduced, splintered into smaller groups and drifting away aimlessly towards the centre of the camp. She suspected that her absence had been felt, and perhaps had disrupted the group's dynamic. She felt grimly responsible, and her heart briefly went out to them. She felt no satisfaction in the probable impact of her absence. But they would be better off without her there anyway. The responsibilities of leadership weighed heavily on her delicate shoulders.
She put on her top and shorts and sauntered towards the cliff path, her heart pounding and her spine tingling with the imagined sense of unseen eyes behind her back boring into it. She paused by the noticeboard with the red warning disc of high tide hung on a hook. The cliff path, as far as she could see, was empty. It disappeared around a bend at the fold in the cliff wall. She hurried down, looking back occasionally to ensure that she was not being followed or observed. At the bend of the path she peered around the cliff wall to scan the lower part of the path. That lower stretch was hidden from the top of the cliff path.
Knowing that the beach was effectively out of bounds due to the high tide caused a rising sense of illicit excitement in her. She was a strong swimmer so the high tide in the bay below didn't worry her. The thought that she might share the secluded bay only with Alex thrilled her.
She caught sight of him as she rounded the promontory of the cliff wall. He had reached the foot of the cliff path. She pressed into the dark shadow of the cliff wall to avoid him seeing her if her looked back up the path. He piled his tee shirt, shorts and sandals by the cliff wall at the foot of the path. His body looked good in his new swimming trunks, with his slim waist and the slight curve of his hips that made his figure look sensual in a masculine way. Without a glance behind him he stepped off the submerged end of the path and into the shallow water at the high point of the bay.
He pushed his body forwards into the shallows, then he was swimming. She crept closer to the bottom of the path. He was swimming with clumsy strokes away to the left, towards the centre of the bay. His strokes were ungainly, but mostly effective.
Hah! I could easily outswim him, she thought.
He seemed lost in his own water world, oblivious now to the cliff path and any risk of discovery. He stopped swimming and lay floating on his back with his arms outstretched like stabilisers. She gasped and her hand went to her groin. She could see the unmistakable bulge of his erection.Oh, to be a mind reader, sampling his sexy thoughts at this moment!Even from a distance she felt at once what must have attracted Rachel to him. She could see that he was sensuously enjoying the warm water and his supposed solitude. He was in touch with his feelings and his supposed solitude, provoking a sensual pleasure that was arousing him. Aurelia's interest in him piqued at that moment.
She studied him, captivated by his body movements. It was obvious that he was blissfully revelling in his watery solitude.
At last, he rolled onto his front in the water and began to swim with a purpose towards the cliffs at the rear of the bay. She crept down the path to the edge of the water to watch him, and was surprised to see him pull himself up into the cliff.There must be a recess there.How did I not notice that?Her interest now intensified, she piled her towel, clothes on her sandals near to his and floated off into the shallow sea. The salt water was delightfully warm in the relatively shallow water over the beach. It felt soothing and sensuous against her bikini-clad body. A few feet out from the path she spotted the cave in the cliff face into which he must have hauled himself. She might not have noticed it had she not been looking for it.
As she trod water Alex appeared at the mouth of the cave and stared out across the bay towards the sea. His gaze swept in an arc towards the foot of the cliff path. Aurelia dived gently beneath the surface of the water, hoping not to be discovered, and thankful that she had not worn a gaily coloured bikini. When she surfaced again he had resumed his gaze out to sea. She had to concentrate to confirm what she had espied. An unclad and astonishingly large erection protruded horizontally from his torso. He had slipped into the water from the cliff path wearing swimming trunks, but was now naked.
A stab of illicit pleasure surged through her abdomen, and her body curled up in the water as if protective of her sudden vulnerability. It took several moments for her to recover her wits and uncoil, coughing and spluttering at the surface. A quick check towards the cliff showed that he had disappeared from view again. She would swim to the cave to get a closer look. After all, what could he do, other than slip his trunks back on?
She swam for several minutes before arriving at the mouth of the cave. She placed her fingertips on the edge of the cave ledge and trod water. She assumed that it would not be noticeable against the sun's rays inside the cave. The sun was hot and the sea was deliciously warm, but her body shivered with anxiety at being discovered. She raised her head above the cave mouth floor to stare in to its blackness. It took several seconds for her eyes to accustom themselves to the relatively deep gloom of the cave's interior.
Alex was standing towards the rear of the cavern with his back to the mouth of the cave. He looked to be studying the rear wall. His fingers were tracing something on it. His body was lean, his white bottom unexpectedly attractive, below a well sculpted back. He had muscular arms, a smallish waist for a man, and two nicely rounded butt cheeks. Her physical reaction puzzled her. Was she not a confirmed lesbian? She put her feeling down to the thrill of unseen voyeuring.
Nevertheless, her insides fluttered at his naked body. She wasn't afraid of his reaction if he spotted her. Taking a deep breath, she pushed upwards on her hands, bounced back once in the water, then pushed her body upwards in the buoyant water to tip her weight forwards. She scrambled to push a knee onto the ledge. The ambient noise in the cave was amplified, but not by the sounds of her entry. It was filled by the cries of a careering flock of gulls and the distant roar of the sea beyond the bay.
She stood up on the cave floor and watched with fascination as her shadow loomed large against the rear wall. That must surely announce her presence to him. Her body trembled now with the anticipation of imminent discovery.
She watched his fingers freeze in the act of tracing their way across the wall, but he did not turn his head.
Guilt assailed her, at imposing on his solitude. She tentatively attracted his attention in a faltering tone.
"Hallo?"
His body stiffened visibly. Then he whirled around, the sound of his flaccid cock slapping against his thighs, echoing absurdly loudly around the echo chamber that was the cave walls. He raised his hands to his eyes in a biblical posture, as if to shield himself from a vision. She smiled inwardly at the mental analogy and realised that he must temporarily be blinded by the dazzling light around her body.
For several moments they were both part of a frozen tableau.
Aurelia did not know how to react to this stand-off. She could sense his quizzical gaze, but not return his stare. She cast her eyes around and they alighted on his trunks spread out on a promontory of the rock wall to her side just inside the cave mouth. He had probably hung them out there to dry.
A sense of mischief overtook her reticence. She moved to the wall and plucked the swimwear up in her fingers. For some reason, possessing his only garment in her fingertips excited her. She felt an odd sense of power and control over him
She tried to inject some humour into her tone as she broke the silence.
"I see that I've caught you with your pants down."
Her voice echoed around the walls, to her mind giving her voice a magical quality. This was a very special cave whose acoustics gave it an air of tension and mystery. Her thoughts turned inexplicably to the wizard, Merlin. She was a great fan of the Arthurian myths. Her mind summoned up thoughts of spells, then other myths. It made her body tremble with awe at the profundity of the place. What sights had it witnessed over the centuries?
She forced her thoughts back to the present and extended her left arm to the side, the skimpy garment dangling accusingly from her fingertips.
Was it symbolic of her advantage over him, or a flag of truce? She couldn't decide, her imagination running riot and fuelled with a confusion of thoughts and emotions.
She had to break the stalemate again. He had still not moved. She began to approach him, with tentative steps. Her body stepped out of the shadow of her initial aura at the cave mouth and his face brightened with recognition. His body visibly relaxed. It felt appropriate that she was wearing the bikini he had seen her purchase in the clifftop shop. His eyes swept up and down her body pausing, to her great satisfaction, much longer on her cleavage.
She glanced down at that piece of special animal magic at his groin, as his penis bobbed up and down with seemingly inexorable swelling. It slowly rose up to resume a meaningful, horizontal attitude, similar to what she had seen sticking out of the cave mouth from the vantage point on the cliff path. Alex may have seemed nervous and diffident, but his cock had apparently lost its reticence.
They circled each other slowly, neither willing to break the spell which had stricken them both. She felt him examining her snug and skimpy orange bikini, which complemented her gentle tan. She imagined him mentally undressing her which, she had to concede would not take much doing. Not only was her body tingling but she felt moistness at her vulva, if anything, more copious than when Rachel scissored her loins.
His erect cock tantalised her. Any thoughts of teasing him with her womanly curves were dismissed as she felt herself longing for a touch of his body and the chance to examine that magnificent organ.
She tried to assume an image of detachment in her posture, yet her body was again in turmoil. Whatwasit about this man? She felt her hands massaging her breasts. She hadn't instructed them to do that. How would he interpret that involuntary sign?
Her body was suddenly out of control. Her hips were swaying, even though her brain told her that it would betray her innermost feelings to this man. Her hands moved automatically to her breasts, massaging her engorged nipples over the light fabric of the bikini top. Those strokes sent ripples of tingling pleasure cascading down through her torso.
His cock seemed to be responding to her body's sensuous gyrations.
At the realisation of what her body must be communicating of her arousal she exclaimed, "Ohmigod!"
He broke the silence between them.
"What are you doing here?"
His voice held no hint of welcome. At best it conveyed puzzlement. Her dream instantly became an awkward reality. He was demanding that she give an explanation for her presence.
Her voice trembled as she replied, tried to explain her intrusion. "You were at the top of the cliff with your towel, acting furtively. I was behind the cliff top hedge, concealing myself from the group. I had gone there to escape, and to sunbathe. I saw you at the rear corner of the shop, acting furtively. You didn't think to look in my direction. Then you set off down the cliff path to the beach. I used your vantage point to check that I was not spotted when I followed you. I made sure to keep out of your sight as you went down the path. I followed you down."
She seemed quite proud of her accomplishment. She chuckled. " You didn't once look back, but I was hidden by the shadows anyway for most of the time. I was intrigued at why you were going down to the beach at high tide. I watched you slip into the sea. I saw you floating on your back, staring up at the cliffs. I'm surprised you didn't spot me. You must have been lost in your own private thoughts." She giggled. "I think they must have been dirty boy thoughts: your bulge was pointed skywards."
"You were spying on me!"
"Yes, I suppose I was, and it felt good to be a voyeur - like you, I guess. You seemed to be enjoying your solitude so much that I didn't want to disturb it. Then you began to swim out of sight. I reached the bottom of the path and watched you clambering out of the sea into this cave. I didn't know it was here."
"Did anyone see you coming down the path?"
"I don't think so. I don't remember anyone else being around at the cliff-top. - So why are you naked?"
"I thought I wouldn't be found here. This was to be my private place for an hour, to do whatever I wanted. I felt the urge to be naked. But you caught me."
"You don't seem very embarrassed."
"Perhaps a few days ago I would have been, but not so much now. Rachel approved of it."
"I think I know what you mean. Rachel told me everything, remember? Her Aunt was humiliated by her own drunken stupidity. Rachel was shocked by your reaction. Yes, Rachel told me everything - absolutely everything!"
"You said you were a voyeur, like me."
"I wouldn't say that, I'm not sure, but I'm enjoying your dick just at this moment. I've seen you stealing quick glances at me when you thought I wouldn't notice. Men often do that, but not so many have the art of undressing me so engagingly with their eyes. We women can always tell what a man is thinking."
"I suppose you get that all the time?"
That observation hit home to Aurelia in a way that he could not possibly imagine. "More than my fair share. Other girls never understand why it upsets me. I think they're jealous of me."
"Am I supposed to feel sympathetic?"
"Well, it would be considerate for you to see it from my point of view. I get harassed all the time, even by strangers. Men in clubs who've had a few drinks, think they can 'cop a feel'. I came back from a school trip to Rome with bruises on my bottom. Can you imagine that?
"My name's Aurelia, by the way."
"I know. Rachel told me. I'm trying to imagine the location of those bruises. Er, sorry for that. Ahem, what does Aurelia mean?"
"Does it have to mean anything? Well, in fact, it means the golden one. I was born with a profusion of blonde hair. My mother was a Classics scholar and gave me that name. As you can see, she was prescient: people say my blonde hair dazzles, especially for men who want to get inside my knickers."
She was conscious that her comments were a flirtation. She wanted him to admire her hair and her beauty. Aurelia was suddenly putting herself in the shop window like never before. But would she be for sale?
"Well, I'm sure you dazzle those men with your beauty," he said, somehow making it sound disparaging.
Aurelia was confused. This conversation was not going how she intended. "I didn't mean to sound boastful. It's been a dreadful nuisance really. Other girls tend to hate me for monopolising men's attention. It's never my intention. That's why I liked Rachel; she didn't seem to mind."
Aurelia hoped that she had not put off this lovely man. So his next question sent her mood soaring.
"Have you always been beautiful?
It was usually the sort of question she most feared, preceding as it almost inevitably did a chat-up line. But from Alex's lips it sounded like a genuine question, and a heart-warming compliment. She stared at him with growing interest, but said nothing. He continued.
"I knew a girl in junior school, Astrid, her name was. All the boys admired her for her dainty figure and her looks. I saw her a few years' later. She had grown lanky and unattractive. I felt sorry for her. I was just wondering if the reverse is equally true?
Aurelia understood the nature of transient beauty. She felt the urge to open up to him, to explain her predicament.
"At least she got some peace then. I was a small, thin girl, and shy, too. Then I suddenly blossomed about five years ago. Ever since then I've attracted unwanted attention from boys and grown men, and lost the friendship of most of my old girlfriends, mostly through jealousy. I wished I had gone to an all-girls' school. Maybe, then, I would have had a less pestered growing up phase."
She hoped that he would show some understanding of her plight, but he simply chuckled.
"I think you were lucky. I went to an all-boys' catholic school. I was too shy to talk to girls, and never even got the chance of meeting them at school. So I suppose I'm the exact opposite.
He hadn't responded with the sympathy she craved. His next words made her uncomfortable, as if in a Spanish Inquisition.
"Why did you follow me?"
The question caused her stomach to lurch with guilt. She had to placate him.
"You looked lonely when you arrived at the camp. You were unconfident, ill at ease. I was intrigued because you looked perfectly normal yet didn't show any arrogance. When attractive men are generally pushy, it's nice to see one who isn't. I just knew you would be a considerate soul."
"Attractive? All that from one sighting?"
He was a clever man. He knew she was referring to a perception more than skin deep. Her body was warming to him in a very physical way.
"Well, perhaps some wishful thinking, but that's what made you intriguing. I caught you looking at me other times. I liked that. One glance from a man who is sensitive, is worth a hundred glances from other men."
She saw with a wry smile that her remark had registered. She went on to tell him about her brief friendship with Rachel, so cruelly cut short by circumstances.
He once again got to the heart of her predicament.
"Was Rachel your only friend here?"
That was a tough question to answer, considering how raw were Aurelia's feelings.
She changed the subject. "Look, I acted on impulse today. I found a quiet place, to be alone; then I saw you acting suspiciously. I thought it would be fun to follow you."
"So, are you interested in me?"
"Don't get any ideas. I only wanted to talk to you. I gave you the brush off before. I thought we could speak in private down here in the bay though."
"Yet here you are, staring at my erection and even making it worse. Do you like what you see?"
There he was, striking at the heart of her angst yet again.
"I didn't know you would be naked. You weren't when you swam across here."
"OK, so you didn't plan to catch me like this. But do you like it?"
Now her sexuality was on the line. What did she feel about men's cocks? She stared at it hard. Her hand slipped down into her bikini bottom. She withdrew it when she realised what her hand was doing,
Time to be honest. "I'm surprised how different you look without those trunks on, though they're a great improvement on the ones you wore on the first day. Nudity transforms your body. I like how it makes me feel, looking at it. But I feel uncomfortable about this present situation."
"It's responding to you. It likes whatitsees. It likes how you make me feel."
He was using his cock to tease her. She was enjoying this exchange.
"And how do you feel about me? Do you share your dick's interest in me?"
"I'm just like any other man: attracted by beauty and sexy bodies."
She so wanted him to be attracted to her, for herself rather than her body.
"Am I sexy?"
"Sexy is as sexy does. Touch him and find out what he thinks."
That was putting temptation in her path. She bit her lower lip. She was reluctant to approach him. But her body did not mind revealing her feelings of arousal. She could feel her hips swaying tantalisingly.
He would know that she was interested. Why not take him up on his offer? She told herself that she could still be in control. Touching dicks was nowadays just innocent fun. It had no long term consequences. Her hand was reaching out towards his dick of its own accord anyway. Her instincts were enticing her to grasp it.
Both of them were shifting uneasily on their feet, caught up in the febrile atmosphere they had created in that cave. Aurelia hardly noticed that she was drifting closer to him, so bound up was she with her feelings. Then they were within close touching distance. Each could feel the heat of the other's body. Aurelia's hands were half outstretched, uncertain, revealing her innermost thoughts. She did not move.
In the end, Alex forced the issue. He thrust his hips forwards and pushed his engorged shaft between her half-clenched hands.
She involuntarily squeezed it. It felt warm and good in her hand. It was longer than she expected, allowing room for her other hand on its shaft. Her hands shared the tactile pleasure of his thick, hard, throbbing cock.
She had to say something, anything.
"It's warm, much warmer than I expected."
"Have you held one before?"
"Yes, my brother's. But not like this. I didn't want to touch it, then. Yours is thick and long, and quite heavy. I can't imagine it inside me."
She had let the cat out of the bag, and not about imagining penetration. She had mentioned Simon. She would have to explain all now.
She told him about the incident at the pool back in England, but she did not let go of his pulsing organ.
"Was that your first - experience?"
Her mind was a maelstrom now, of remembered emotions and subsequent sleepless nights.
She kept hold of Alex's penis whilst she explained briefly the background to her teasing encounters with her brother, then of her subsequent uncertainty.
"You don't seem to mind holding my penis now," he said softly.
She felt his hands cup her breasts through the minimal triangles of thin fabric. That touch felt good. It caused her breath to quicken. Was this the moment when it would all come alright again? His fingers flicked her nipples underneath her flimsy bikini top. She felt her body flinch but it was more than an automatic reaction, or a natural sensitivity. She desired his probing fingers on her body..
Yet it upset her newly assumed sexual status. Even as he reached for her top's rear clasp she stopped him.
"You can't - you shouldn't."
She stepped back apologetically, relinquishing her grasp on his manhood. Her body was on fire with lust, but this shouldn't be happening.
She heard herself speaking softly, her tongue thickening in her mouth.
"You can bring yourself, if you want. I don't mind."
He nodded almost imperceptibly. After a brief pause to summon up the courage, he grasped his cock and began to coax it with long, gentle strokes. She massaged her breasts as she watched him; felt his eyes voraciously feeding off her body. She wanted to mirror his mounting arousal with her own feelings.
He asked her not to cover her breasts. He moved towards her and seized her wrists. He tugged on her hands to force her to kneel in front of him. It felt like male domination, but she did not mind. She needed to witness the climax of his male fecundity.
His cock was inches from her face, moving up and down with his strokes along its length. Her insides fluttered with anticipation. Her breath was quickening. She was spellbound by the fistings of his cock.
He lifted it up vertically to let her see his balls jiggling up and down in sympathy with his fistings. That was the most enticing sight ever. It outranked anything she had seen with Simon, or even with Rachel. She suspected then that she was at the very least bisexual, but at that moment totally wedded to that cock and balls show Alex was putting on.
She felt impelled to slip her fingers down inside her bikini bottom front and tease her clitoris.
"Do you like what you see?" he asked.
She nodded nervously.
"Would you like to see me come?"
She nodded, more vigorously, and her mouth opened automatically.
"Do you want me to come on you?"
Her eyes widened at that suggestion, but her head remained motionless. She wasn't sure what she wanted at that moment.
He ordered her: "Lie on your back." He grunted the command through gritted teeth. Her stomach somersaulted at the strained tone of his voice in the thralls of an imminent orgasm.
She laid down on her back on the smooth rock floor. He moved around her to stand behind her head. She stared up at his backwards and forwards fistings above her. It was a thrilling sight. She was mesmerised at his posture, standing astride her giving her a front of stage close-up of the underside of his cock and balls. She was excited by the curved undersides of his bottom cheeks directly above her eyes. She felt that she would burst with arousal. She let go of her emotions. She wanted to savour this thrilling event through to its stunning conclusion. She had never realised before how much she wanted to see a man ejaculate over her.
When he bent at the knees to lower his undercarriage almost astride her face, she didn't flinch. He leant forward to lower his angle and bend his knees so that his dick pointed straight down at her, within inches of her chin.
"Oh!" she gasped as she was confronted by his man's tackle directly overhead. She quickened her clit rubbing, sure that something astounding was about to erupt above her. She wanted her libido primed to respond to that moment.
"Give it to me, please," she pleaded. "Make me dirty with your man seed. Cover me with your cum."
She heard a voice outside her consciousness begin a slow moan. She realised that it was herself, detached from her consciousness; accompanying this young man on his journey towards his apogee of ecstasy. She hoped that she could accompany him. That would truly be something special.
When he exclaimed, "I'm coming, I'm coming," she watched his scrotum tighten into enlarged walnuts. It was as if his body was taking in a deep breath preparatory to an explosion of semen. His scrotum was now low, within inches of her face. His fist was moving quicker, almost a blur at close quarters. He lowered his hips further, almost to hover in a squat, millimetres from her face. His bottom cheeks were stretched apart. She could see the gnarled entrance to his anus. Even that was sexy. She felt his dangling balls gently dust her face. She was torn between raising her head to make contact with her tongue, or to watch this stunning display at very close quarters
She lost all pretence of control and laughed with exhilaration at what she was witnessing. She anticipated the burst of his semen as he pointed his cock tip at her mouth. She intuitively parted her lips and pushed out her tongue. The tip of his cock bounced off her tongue and lips. Her heart was pounding with lurid excitement. She felt herself gasping in synchronisation with his breaths. Then his whole body seemed to erupt. All she was aware of was of semen. His body went rigid as his noisy climax sent hot man sauce spurting from his cock's head in long streams across her face, hair, chest, and belly. It was like spermicidal mayhem as his frame lost control. She thought he would collapse on her.
She screamed with surprise, then gasped and gasped, as she felt his hot juices liberally splattering her skin. She had stopped masturbating her clit to savour the visual experience all the more. Yet she felt a supreme ecstasy as her mind processed what her eyes had just witnessed. She felt him respond to her visible reactions with a renewed wave of fistings.
"Ohmigod!" she cried. "That is...something else." After a few seconds pause she whispered, "Thank you. That was quite an experience." Then she giggled. She could not resist surrendering to the sense of elation she had experienced, and all without an orgasm. She raised her head as he remained bent almost double over her. his hands resting on his knees. She could not resist the sudden urge to take his dangling cock into her mouth and suck it clean of any laggardly sperm. Her body thrilled to her naughty, dirty action.
She was overcome with a wave of unsettling emotions. She needed to getaway and ponder them on her own.
She got unsteadily to her feet and stretched as she took a deep breath. She mischievously picked up his trunks and slipped her arm through one of the leg holes to push it up to her shoulder.
"Time to go," she muttered, half to herself.
She intended to take them with her and leave him stranded and naked. That would ensure that he would remember this experience forever.
The skin of her upper body felt tight with the quickly drying sperm he had spattered on it. Some strands of her hair seemed to be tugging against her face, as if they were glued together. She needed to wash his sperm off in the sea water.
"Remember this day," she whispered. "Time to go."
She turned her back on him and dived into the water. She had seen Alex swim. She knew he would never catch her. She wondered what he must be thinking.
As she swam with easy strokes back towards the still submerged foot of the cliff path her mind was filled with images of Alex's cock and his frenzied orgasm at the sight of her bikini body. She did not look back, her mind pre-occupied with the realisation that, yet again, with a man she had not orgasmed.
She clambered out on to the cliff path and towelled herself dry. She turned her head then to check on Alex who was swimming laboriously after her but was still some way off. She waved at him then picked up his clothes and towel, leaving only his sandals for the sake of his feet. She set off up the path, rejoicing in the uplifting sensations, all that remained of that experience in the cave.
Her group of admirers had gone. Nobody took any notice of her arrival at the top of the path. She strolled nonchalantly behind the hedging and walked towards the far end. She deposited his towel and clothing for him to find, if he had the wit to search there. Then she slipped around the far side of the hedging and walked along the far perimeter of the games field, back towards the hotel.

~*~*~

She spent that evening with her parents. Simon and Suki were nowhere to be seen. She laughed and talked a lot, to the surprise of her parents. Her father studied her closely at one point, then asked, "Are you taking something? Drugs?
"Why this sudden, joyous mood? You've had us both very worried."
She smiled, shrugged, and gave no explanation.
Aurelia will resolve her sexual confusion, but will it be with Alex or a woman?