Live Stream 3

Sophie blew her nose away from the camera and then sat back down. To her surprise, the number of people watching hadn't gone down.
"Sorry, where was I?" Sophie said to the camera. "Oh yeah, so I fucked a random guy. Again, what's the harm in that, tons of people have one night stands. Sure, it was new for me, but I didn't consider myself to be a girl like that."
Danny18:Where is she going with this?
Guest93:I know, show us your tits at least!
"But that one night stand changed me, gave me even more confidence. I felt hot. I won't lie, I liked it!" Sophie said. "Cara liked the new me as well. She encouraged it; she was such a good friend."
It looked like she was going to cry but she was able to hold it in after a few deep breaths.
"I guess this was the first time I ever felt like a slut," She said. "I was amazed with how much it truly turned me on. Sam was nice enough, and at the time I thought that was rough sex, but boy was I wrong, hey!"
Sophie actually laughed when she said that.
"But guys calling me a slut online, calling myself a slut - god, I loved it! It was a whole new feeling that I just wanted to keep exploring!" Sophie said, her voice getting a little louder. "I knew I wasn't actually - I was still innocent Sophie, but online I could be a slut. I could be this fake person that didn't really exist except for a photo of my tits, and that was enough... for a while."

Chapter 2 - An Online Profile

Sophie had been going back and forth in her head over whether she should send out more photos or not.
She was still sending out the same picture of her tits, but she had cut down how many people she sent it to.
Thinking back to that night a week ago when she just sent it out to six different guys in the chatroom before even saying anything, she knew that could've been risky.
I was so horny though,As much as Sophie didn't want to admit it, knowing that so many men were all wanking at the same time to a picture of her made her incredibly horny.
It was a new itch she was both desperate to scratch and desperate to stop.
Every time she was horny, she went online, but she made herself a rule that she could only send that photo out to three people each time, and she had stuck to it.
One night was especially tough though, because when she sent the photo out, the men were either shit at dirty talk or just asked for more.
This was what left Sophie in her current predicament.
I know this photo of my tits is safe, and I've proven that - nothing bad can happen. Even still, I'm being cautious about how many people it goes to.
Then on the other hand, Sophie loved the idea of sending more photos. Just sending this one of her tits, the replies coming back very quickly became repetitive, and after a week, she needed more.
The itch just kept growing, and Sophie just knew she had to control it.
So, on this night, while Cara was out on a date again, Sophie made a decision to take some sexy photos of herself.
I don't have to send these to anyone. They are just there, just in case.
There was a full length mirror in her room which Sophie stood in front of.
She was wearing one of the new outfits she bought when at the shopping centre.
She modelled a very tight, grey skirt that just went below the curvy ass and a black blouse that met where her belly button was, leaving her big, heavy tits practically out.
Sophie knew that if she were ever to wear this in public,no chance of that happening,that she would have to use tape to stop her nipples from being flashed constantly.
Ideally, she wanted to have heels on as well, but she didn't own any and didn't have any money to buy some. Plus, Cara was a smaller size, so she couldn't even borrow some.
Nevertheless, Sophie started by standing right in front of the mirror and taking a few full body shots of herself.
Fucking hell, I look like a robot.The photo didn't have the appeal she was hoping for. With her legs straight and her arms by her side, it was... boring.
So, she stepped her feet out and spread her legs a little wider, but after taking a few more pictures, she still wasn't happy.
Okay, what about from behind to show my ass.
Sophie turned to her side, stuck her thick ass out, and took a few more. From this angle the black blouse moved slightly, barely covering her tits, but the pictures just couldn't quite show what was beneath.
Sophie liked this, a little teasing one.
She took a few more like that and then sat down on her bed.
At first, she had her legs crossed and her chest puffed out, but she repositioned the blouse so that it just about covered her nipples, although her cleavage and big chest were practically on show.
Then she opened her legs. Sophie took a deep breath, and her pussy twitched with excitement from what she was doing. With her legs open, her white panties could be seen past the shadow, and Sophie took a few photos.
Okay, time to turn it up a notch,she thought. She was hornier than she realised.
The blouse was easy to get out of the way. She just pulled the shoulders down and undid three buttons.
Then Sophie stood in front of the mirror with her big, perky tits out.
Don't want to give it all away too quickly,she thought.
Her right hand was holding the phone while her left hand cupped her right tit as well as blocked the left one. It pushed them together, making them look even bigger than they already were.
Sophie took a few photos, changing her body position, and letting her ass stick out.
Okay, now to show my breasts.
She sat back down onto the bed, let her legs stay spread enough to hint at her panties, and let her left hand land onto her thigh. Her big tits just hung there, waiting to be used. She took a few photos like that.
Finally, Sophie managed to pull her skirt off.
She stood there in just her white panties and nothing else while she started taking photos of herself. In some of the photos, she stood up facing the mirror, and in others, she was facing the side or away from it. Then in a few, she sat down with her legs crossed and spread open.
Every time Sophie pressed the button to take the photo, her pussy leaked even more until her panties were drenched.
Should I... completely naked?
When she agreed in her head to do this, part of the agreement was no photos of her pussy. That was one thing she was going to keep a secret, but as she sat there horny as fuck and her panties soaked... she thought...Look, these are just for me, to make me feel sexy. I won't send them to anyone.
Sophie looked through the photos she had already taken and thought,Maybe I need some sexy lingerie, maybe when I next get some of my student loan.
In her horny state, Sophie did what she said she wouldn't. She slowly took down her panties and kicked them away.
At first she spread her legs and used her left hand to cover her smooth, wet pussy and took a photo. Then, she sat down and spread her legs, showing her naked self in all her glory.
A few minutes later, Sophie had a whole load of photos to go through.
She had downloaded an app to edit the photos, and she got to work. Picking her favourite ones of each stage, she cropped out her face and blurred any background that was left.
In the end, the photos could only be recognised by someone that intimately knew her body well. Considering she had only had sex with 4 men, she knew that wasn't very likely.
After she finished editing, Sophie was too horny to think straight.
She loaded up the chatroom, and in a matter of minutes, the messages were pouring in.
She clicked on one.
30USA:Hey beautiful, feeling horny?
Sophie picked this one as she assumed he was in America, which suited her well as she typed back using the fake name she used on this chatroom to better hide her identity.
Beth18:Very, I just took a load of sexy photos, and now my pussy is begging for attention.
Sophie moaned as she sent it.
30USA:Oh, feeling a little naughty, are we? Why don't you send me one?
Fuck, fuck, fuck! Come on, just do it! Just one!
Sophie loaded up a photo with her clothes still on. She was sitting on the bed, legs spread so her white panties could be seen, and her blouse practically open but still covering her tits.
Even if, somehow, anyone I know sees this, it's not that bad.
She hit send, and her pussy twitched as soon as she did.
30USA:Fucking hell! You're so hot! What are you doing on here and not out getting some real cock?
Mmm fuck yes!
Beth18:I prefer to let men on here see my body and wank because of me.
Sophie was so horny she didn't think before replying.
30USA:That works for me, you've got me rock hard right now!
Fuck it, he's in America.
Beth18:I hope this helps a little more with that...
Then she sent a photo of her in the same position, but her top was off, and her tits were completely free for him to see.
30USA:Oh my god! Your tits are massive! I'd love to be there now, grabbing them, sucking on them!
"Fuck, yes!" Sophie moaned and started to play with herself.
Her pussy was already drenched as she pushed two fingers inside of herself.
That's it, wank your big, beautiful cock over me.
Beth18:You really like my big, young tits, don't you?
30USA:Yeah, I do! They are definitely the best I've ever seen. You want to see what you've done to my cock?
In the past, Sophie hated when men just sent her dick pics, but knowing that he was hard from looking at her, now she loved it!
Beth18:Yes! Show me how hard I've made you! By being your little slut!
30USA:Fucking hell, you're amazing! Here you go!
Then a photo appeared with a pretty good looking cock on it.
"Yeeees!" Sophie moaned and pushed two fingers in and out of her pussy faster.
Keep hard for me! Look at me! Fuck yes!
Sophie didn't think twice when she sent him a photo of her standing without her skirt on, her big tits out but her panties still on.
30USA:Oh fuck, I love it! I'm gonna cum soon babe!
Yes! Yes!
Beth18:Do it! Cum for me! Cum as you stare at my body like the slut I am! I want you to shoot a big, fat load because of me!
Sophie fingered herself faster and faster, spreading her legs as wide as possible.
30USA:Fucking hell! Thanks for that! I'll message you again.
Yeeeeeeessss!!!
Sophie got to the brink of her own orgasm when she realised he had just cum,No! Hold it! This is too good!
She opened another chat.
Beth18:Hey, I'm horny as fuck. If I send you a photo of me, I want you to describe what you like and what you'd do to me.
SmithJ:Sounds good to me.
Sophie was practically shaking with lust when she sent him the two photos of her in just her white panties, one of her sitting with her legs spread and another facing away to show her ass.
Her fingers were well and truly fucking herself as she waited for his reply.
SmithJ:Oh yeah, you are one hot slut! I love your big tits! Your fat ass! I bet your pussy is fucking delicious! If I was there, I'd spread your fat thighs apart and lick your cunt until you're cumming over and over! Then I'd get you on your knees and fuck your face until you're gagging and covering yourself in spit! Then I'd bend you over, spread your legs, and fuck you harder than ever before in your life!
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Sophie kept moaning out loud, "Fuck me! Fuuuuuck!"
She pulled her dripping wet fingers out and rubbed her throbbing clit.
Beth18:I want you to wank your cock over my photos now! Cum for me! Cum as you look at me like the dirty slut I am!
Sophie was having to control herself to stop from cumming too soon. Every time she got to the brink, she had to pull her hand away.
SmithJ:I am so hard from your photos, you little slut! I love your big tits, and I wish I could cover them in cum! I'd make you look like the whore you are!
Beth18:Keep going!!
"Yes! More!" Sophie moaned, "I'm such a fucking slut!"
SmithJ:A whore with that body isn't enough for just one man... I'd bring all of my mates over to take turns in your holes until we leave you dripping in cum from head to toe! Fuck I'm cumming!
"YEEEESS FFUUUCCKK MEEEEEEE!!!" Sophie screamed louder than ever.
Her fingers furiously rubbed her swollen clit as her body shook uncontrollably from her mind-bending orgasm.
"I FUCKING LOVE IT!!" She kept moaning over and over.
Sophie didn't know what it was that finished her off, knowing another man was cumming to her, his dirty words, or the idea of her being in a gang bang. Whatever it was, it gave Sophie one of the biggest orgasms of her life.
She slammed her phone down, laid back, and tried to catch her breath. Her chest heaved up and down, and her spread legs kept twitching.
Oh my god... oh my god... that was the best.
It took nearly 10 minutes for Sophie to come back to life, and her body felt weak after that.
I wonder how many men have my photos now...10?She had already lost track,I wonder if any saved them, just think, some guys could be wanking over my photos again and again.
That idea made Sophie smile. Especially since she knew that all her photos were safe to send out.
I can't believe how much I like being called a slut, and when he called me a whore... that was good. But, I'm not, right? I've only had sex with 4 guys. No, it's just fantasy - maybe I like to be humiliated a little?
Sophie decided not to ponder that question too long. Instead, she got up and showered.

--

For 2 weeks, every night Sophie had been sending out those photos to men in the chatroom. Her fear of anyone recognising her or doing anything with them had died down. Nothing had happened, so she was happy about that.
She also had no idea how many men had her photos, but she hadn't yet been brave enough to send one with her pussy exposed.
It seemed that in these last two weeks, Sophie wasn't able to make herself cum without having a man looking at her pictures. She tried, but it just seemed too boring now.
After spending nearly an hour chatting to four men and sending them some photos, Sophie was chatting to a new guy.
7INCH:You are a filthy little whore, aren't you? Showing off your hot body to random men.
Sophie was fingering herself and moaning as she typed back.
Beth18:I am, I love it! I love knowing so many men are wanking over my pictures!
7INCH:And what a hot body, hard to believe an 18 year old like you loves to show off so much! I bet you would take any dick you could get, right?
Sophie knew she wasn't actually a slut, but when she was chatting online, she enjoyed this persona of being a complete slut.
Beth18:That's me, a dirty little slut that loves showing off!
7INCH:Send me another photo of you, and let me stroke my cock to your hot, thick body.
Beth18:Mmmm yes sir.
Sophie didn't call many men "sir" in these chats, but this guy liked it, and so did she.
She was running out of photos to send him. She had never sent this many to one person before, but she was too lost in her lust to worry about this now.
For the first time, Sophie sent him the photo of her completely naked except for her hand covering her pussy.
7INCH:You are one hot little slut, aren't you! The things I would do to your body!
Beth18:I wish you could sir, I'd spread my legs and let you use my young, tight pussy however you wanted!
Sophie fingered herself faster. She had been edging for nearly 15 minutes, and her body was sweating.
7INCH:Show me your pussy, my little whore!
Sophie hesitated at this request,I can't,she thought,I said I wouldn't actually send them out.
7INCH:Now you pathetic, dirty slut! Just think of me wanking while looking at your tight pussy! Thinking of everything I would do to you.
Sophie moaned when she read tha,t and a small voice in her head started talking.
You took those photos for a reason... you knew you would eventually send them. It's nothing worse that what you've already sent.
Sophie knew she was too horny to think straight, but she didn't care. Not wanting to change her mind, Sophie uploaded the photo of her naked with her legs spread and showing her pussy and then hit send.
I did it, I fucking did it!
Her body shook with a wave of pleasure, like its own mini orgasm.
7INCH:I'm proud of you, slut. You're an obedient little girl, aren't you?
Beth18:Thank you sir, did you like it?
7INCH:Oh a lot, your pussy is beautiful. I bet it would feel great filled with my cock as well.
Sophie rubbed her clit. She was getting close again and knew she wanted to cum soon.
Beth18:I think this is the horniest I've ever been in my life!
7INCH:Oh really, well, why don't we take this up a notch?
Beth18:What do you have in mind?
Sophie kept edging herself but each one took less and less time. A gust of wind against her clit could have probably made her cum right then.
Then the man she was chatting to sent her a link to a website called "RealSluts". She clicked on it and saw it was a site where people posted nude photos. Everyone had usernames but no real information.
She spent a minute looking through a few photos, most of which seemed to not have been uploaded by the actual person but someone else.
7INCH:Show me how much you want people to see you. Post your pictures onto this site so any one who finds them can cum to your body.
Sophie trembled at the thought. Knowing that her photos would officially be online and worse, by her own doing, both scared and excited her! She knew she shouldn't, but deep down the idea turned Sophie on massively.
It wouldn't just be men I'm speaking to looking at my body... anyone in the world at any time could be looking at me, wanking. Oh god, am I considering this?
Over and over she told herself that she couldn't, but truthfully, she was lying.
Beth18:I don't know, it's a little risky.
7INCH:You've already sent your photos out to god knows how many men, this is just making them more accessible. Plus, no one could tell it's you from the photos.
He has a point,Sophie thought. One reason she had been confident sending out these photos was because if they were posted anywhere online, then they couldn't get traced back to her.
She clicked back onto one of the photos on the "Realsluts" website. It was a woman, a beautiful woman on her knees, naked, and with cum leaking off her face.
The caption read, "my slut".
Sophie kept rubbing her clit as she looked through some of the comments.
"Fuck she's hot! I'd love to cover her in my cum!"
"Dirty little whore, bet she loves knowing how many people have seen her like this!"
The comments sealed the deal for Sophie. The thought that she could go onto this website and see what people commented about her pictures was too good to miss.
Beth18:Okay, I'm doing it.
7INCH:Good girl, tell me when you're done, and I will inspect them.
Sophie went onto the website and created an account using her "Beth18" name. It was quick and easy, then she just had to pick the photos to upload.
Even in this horny state, Sophie knew not to send the worst ones out. If something did go wrong, at least she would only have put up with the not so bad photos.
So, she chose three photos, all where she was fully dressed, if a bit slutty. There was one of her bent over a little, one of her sitting down with her legs crossed, and finally, one of her sitting down with her legs open so you could see her white panties.
Fuck it! I'm a little online whore!
Sophie hit "upload", and her body shook with another mini orgasm.
Beth18:Done it! I can't believe it.
7INCH:Hmm, not the photos I would've picked, but I'm still impressed.
Sophie was shaking,I can't believe I actually did it! This is fucking amazing!!
She couldn't stop herself from shoving two fingers deep into her pussy and finger fucking herself harder than ever.
Beth18:I actually did it! Anyone could see it!
7INCH:Just think about how many men are going to be looking at you as they stroke their cock! You dirty little slut!
YES! YES! I'M A DIRTY SLUT!
Beth18:I hope they do! I hope hundreds of men wank over me! I want so many loads of cum to be shot because of me!
7INCH:Imagine if someone you knew saw it! Finding out what a whore you really are!
Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Imagine! Do I want that... yes! Fuck yes!
Beth18:Oh my god, that would be so humiliating!
7INCH:But that's what you want, isn't it, you pathetic cunt. You want people to see that you're nothing more than a worthless cunt to be fucked!!
"YES!" Sophie moaned and fucked herself faster. "God yes!"
Sophie couldn't explain what it was that had her more turned on than ever before in her life, but she loved it!
Beth18:Yes! Let them all see me for the whore I really am!
"FUUUUUCCKK MEEEEEE!!!" Sophie screamed as she came over her fingers.
Her entire body shook wildly, her moans were just screams of pleasure filling the room. It was a good thing that Cara was out.
"OOOH FUUCKK YEEESS! I'M A FUCKING WHORE!!" She kept screaming.
Her pussy clenched around her fingers as she just kept cumming, her fingers just barely able to keep pushing in and out.
"Fuck... fuck... fuck..." She panted.
Her legs tensed together as her fingers pulled out, dripping wet. Her chest heaved up and down as she panted for air.
"Oh my god, that was amazing." She gasped as the sweat beaded off her body.
7INCH:You want to be exposed to the entire world, don't you, slut?
Sophie's pussy still twitched as she read that message, but as her orgasm died down, her senses slowly returned.
She closed the chat and laid there for a minute to regain her senses.
It was another five minutes until she was able to sit up again.
I can't believe I actually posted them!She thought in shock,I need to get them down before anyone sees!
Sophie loaded that site back up and found her photos, and she went to click to delete them... but then.
3 likes and a comment?
She clicked to read the comment.
"Woah, what a fucking hot body! And a little tease, I can't wait to see more!"
He... he really likes me.
Her thumb hovered over the "delete" button, unsure on what to do. A few seconds later, her mind was set, she was going to take them down but as she went to press it, a new notification appeared.
Another comment?
"Oh yeah, this little girl has my cock fully at her attention!" It read.
Her pussy quivered as she read it.
I mean, no one I know will see it... plus you can't tell it's me.
Her body tingled as she closed the website, leaving her photos on there.
Just for one day, then I'll take it down.