"Thank you for taking me shopping, Nick. This being my first payday I wanted to do something to show you how much I appreciate you and Claire giving me the chance as your new Nanny." gleamed Willa from the passenger seat of Nick and Claire's Ford Edge. It was the first time within this vehicle.
"I needed a breather from the book anyway. Besides that we need to discuss what happened between you and Jesse."
She grits her teeth. All morning there was silence. Nick had refused to let on to his son that he knew of his loss of virginity. She kept quiet herself. Jesse as well although he goaded her quietly as not to let his Father in on it.
"I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am."
"Save it. We both know you're not sorry. You betrayed my orders Sara."
Willa hears the name of the character in his book. He would refer to Willa as Sara when he became cross. She rather liked the confusion.
"Like I said, I'm not angry. Merely disappointed in you. What part of teasing him led to sex?"
"I showered. He snuck in my room and watched me. I caught him as I dried off. I taunted him. Figured I would let him jerk off at least. His never seeing a girl naked. Well not any real girl that is. I let him sucker me into compromising positions. He got handy. I got horny. He begged to know what sex was like. I intended no more than a tiny example. He took over. I gave in. I'm sorry."
He eyes her emotions.
"No lies. How long?"
She catches her breath before admission, "Which time?"
He snaps a glare at her, "Honesty. Now!"
"Twice in my bed. Once in his bed. At least two hours between each."
"Unbelievable. Let me tell Claire. It will be better she hear it from me."
"Will she be upset?"
"Furious."
Willa holds her hand over her mouth weeping.
"Calm down. I'm sure she won't fire you."
"I deserve it if she does."
"No. What you deserve is to continue being my daughter's Nanny. Not my son's girlfriend."
"I'm not. It was only sex. It's not like that Nick."
"Do your best to refrain from further sex with my son." He huffs.
"He threatened to tell you I seduced him."
"Sounds like you did."
Pouting she nods, "I guess so. If I don't give in to him he might fess up. How do I deal with this?"
Nick brakes hard scaring her.
"BY OBEYING MY ORDERS."
She shrinks in her seat, "Yes Sir."
"Let me deal with my son when the time is right."
"Okay." She nods.
After a five minute silence Nick smiles.
"As I said earlier. You've earned your paycheck. So brighten up."
"I should think so. As Sara anyways." She chuckles holding her blowing hair from her dampened face.
Nick smirks, "Indeed. Without complaints I might add. You're a very impressive young woman."
"Slut! Get it right Dorian." She giggles reaching over to jab her index finger in his rib.
He grins sheepishly, "I do believe you enjoy being Sara."
"It was a bit intimidating at first. I mean come on, you talked me into jerking you off in under 24 hours. I'm almost a virgin." She grits her teeth hitting a sore spot considering the subject of Jesse's loss of virginity, "My ex boyfriend and I had sex ten times total. Behind closed doors. Since coming to work for you out here you had me obsessed. Within three days I was naked and fucking on the beach with multiple guys. I still scream inside. I never knew I had a Sara in me."
"No regrets?" He questions.
"None. Push my limits. Claire insists time and again, "Inspire, Nick.". So I'm determined to obey her wishes. I trust you Nick. Keep me safe and I might just do anything you ask of me."
He nods coyly, "We shall see. For now let's spend some of my hard earned money written out to Willamina Pryce."
"Yes, Let's. Only this time let me choose my own clothing. Agreed?" She winks.
"I heard you the first time. Agreed. You did burn your underwear in my fireplace. Plan on replacing those?" He studies her reaction.
"I can live without. But, wouldn't you want Sara to tease wearing some really sexy frills?"
"Choose well if you want that. I'm open to your inspiration."
"Park already. Fashion show here we come."
He was hard already.
Having located a spot in a parking garage they strolled three blocks toward a clothing district. Willa in the lead she decides upon her first store. Within they were greeted by a lovely young blond in a bright yellow dress which rose just above her knees.
"Good morning. Welcome to "Selena's" Are we looking for anything in particular?" The blond brightens up with a perfect smile.
Willa chimes in stopping to hug Nick from the side.
"Yes. I plan on spending Daddy's monthly income. Daddy, you go sit over there while she and I shop."
Nick wrinkled a brow then smiled at the young woman, "I'll decide which Gold card to max out. You know the rules. I must see and approve."
Willa pouts, "Yesssssssss Daddy. I know. I know. Now go sit."
Giggling Willa grabs the young blond by the arm and they scurry away.
"Hi, I'm Sara by the way."
"Ashleigh." the blond identifies herself.
"Can I call you Ash for short?"
"Sure. What did you have in mind for clothing?"
Willa stops and sighs, "Please don't think we're weird. I want to start with sexy underwear. He's not really my father, he's my boss. It's complicated but please don't presume the worst."
"Sugar Daddy?" Ash crinkles her nose trying not to giggle.
"I'm not sure that's it either. Believe it or not I'm the Nanny. His wife knows and approves. Of our closeness. We're not lovers or anything." She lies for safety reasons, "He likes when I tease him. I know, weird even if I ask you to not think that."
"Trust me I've seen it all. Say no more. Follow me." Ash escorts her.
Willa immediately dropped her jaw at the section of the store that contained lingerie.
"Oh my God! Does Victoria know you know her secret?"
Ash snorts lightly, "Shhhhhhhhhh. Our secret now. I'm guessing 34D? DD perhaps?"
"34D usually. Good guess. But, I'm so not used to these styles. My Mom's a model these are more her speed."
"Let's pick and choose. If you plan on teasing is it not better to go skimpy?" Ash winks.
"I like your style. You might be my new bestie by day's end."
"I would be honored." the girl sheepishly grins.
Willa looks over her shoulder to spot Nick sitting alone in a section beside the changing rooms.
"Ashleigh? How can I let him see me and not get myself arrested or you fired?"
"Truth? I plan on quitting this place anyway. I'll keep an eye out once you decide what you want to try on. Ordinarily there's a rule against underwear trials. For health reasons. However, to be blunt, I don't give a shit. Have fun."
"Bestie for sure." She raises her pinky toward Ash who entwines her own pinky around Willa's.
Dragging Ash inside the room with her she tries on a turquoise bra and panties set that accents her green eyes and reddish brown hair. More red these days due to the sunbathing of late.
Ash watches Willa strip and literally bites her nail, "Good Lord. You're beautiful."
Willa sticks her tongue out at her, "Hey! Who's this show for? You or him?"
Ash shrugs her right shoulder with a sly grin, "I plead the fifth."
Willa darts forward and hugs the girl tightly, then takes her hands and plants them on her ass. Ash stood in awe, "Wowza!"
"First girl to ever touch my bare bottom. Now go keep me out of trouble."
"Thanks. I think." Ash blushes, "Oh, there are cameras out there, but nobody monitors them. I don't have access to erase the footage."
Willa kisses her cheek, "No, don't worry about that. Steal the tape and think of me."
Ash shivers, "You're too much. I just might."
Twirling Ash around she nudges her forward. Once Ash gives her a thumbs up Willa/ Sara, moves out of the room and stalks Nick seductively.
Nick admires her mischief immediately, "Very nice."
Willa reaches Nick and twirls on her heel to show him her shapely ass, barely covered by the turquoise fabric. She then bends over and touches the floor, blowing a kiss up toward him from beneath her legs.
"Such a remarkable creature." He attempts to reach for her only to have his hands swatted as he had done as Dorian toward Sara.
Once he lowered his hands she sat back on his lap feeling his monster beneath his slacks. She seductively grinded over it until he growled into her ear like a beast.
"Like this one Daddy?" She whispers almost childlike.
"I do indeed. Oh daughter of mine."
Willa leans back into him and lightly kisses his cheek before hopping up. She glances toward Ash who fans her face with both hands.
Nick noticed the blonds emotions and grinned. Inspiration was being aroused. He had a strong intuition that Willa had taken him to heart. Last night he told her she had to assist in changing his agitation toward her betrayal into redemption.
As Willa returned to her room, Ash joined her blurting loudly, "That was SO HOT!"
"Help me out of these and lets try the purple teddy."
Ash felt faint but managed to grip Willa's panties and lower them to her ankles. In doing so Willa's pussy attracted the poor girl into whimpering. Her eyes literally crossed to spot her clitoral arena.
"Earth to Ashleigh. I know I smell delicious but I'm up here." Willa giggled.
Teeth gnashed the blond shivers, "Sorry. I have a confession. I'm not a lesbian."
"But, you're Bi?"
Ash offers a shy shrug, "Maybe. Never tried. Only thoughts."
"You should try it sometime if that interests you. I've never tried it either. Truthfully, I never gave it much consideration." She playfully shrugs and chuckles, "Never know I guess."
Ash offers a brilliant smile and assists Willa into the skin tight purple lace teddy.
Once more ready Ash steps out and awaits customers to prove themselves oblivious.
Waved forward, Willa danced about for Nick , this time approaching him with intent. She reached his feet then leaned over to place her palms on his knees. Bulging breasts begging to erupt from their prisons were shook for his delight.
"Seeing double, Daddy?" She pouts at him with puppy dog eyes.
"I only see Sara."
Then, inspiration struck Willa.
First she straddles Nicks lap and plants her chest into his goatee. Her arms wrapped about his neck. He merely smothers his jawline and taunts her in return.
"Hey that tickled. Bad Daddy."
Sliding away she slaps his chest and sticks her tongue out at him. Turning she wiggles her perfect ass and curls her index finger at Ash to follow her.
Inside the room Willa faces Ash and places her index finger on her right cheek out of conspiring thought.
"What size are you Ashleigh?"
Ashleigh's eyes bulge, "What? Why? Umm!"
In a bold move Willa steps close to Ash and kisses her softly on the lips. As the momentary gesture fades Ash mutters, "36C. Petite."
Willa snatches up her next pair of underwear, white lace with red ribbons.
"Join me. I dare you."
Ashleigh's eyes bulged, "WHAT?"
"If you do this for me I'll invite you over and have sex with you. No games, I'm very serious. I really do need a good friend out here in Cali. I moved from Chicago for this job. I know only my employers. I meant what I said about besties."
Ash turns pale considering Willa/ Sara's words. Their eyes danced and sparkled together.
Willa crept behind Ash and ran her cheek in the girls shoulder length blond hair. Shivering Ash felt the zipper of her dress slowly lower until it stopped. Willa's hands gracefully peeled the dress from her trembling shoulders until the garment slipped to the floor. Ash was already wearing a lacey black pair of sexy undies. Sheer in some places. Concealing only the juicy parts.
"Oh my God! Ash you're stunning. No need to change, wear what you have on."
Ash quivers and turns to face Willa, "I must be crazy. Thank the lord I'm quitting soon. I may just get fired today."
Willa puckers, "What if my boss there covers a weeks pay. You won't even have to come back to get a paycheck."
Her eye brow peaks, "Seriously?"
"Trust me, Nick will take care of you."
Ashleigh stops and holds her breath, "Oh my God. That's Nick Benson. I knew he looked familiar. His books are orgasmic. Oh God, I feel ill."
Willa pulls her into a concerned hug, "Bestie? It's okay. You don't have to take the risks I do. I understand. Just know I'm serious about being your friend."
Ash calms herself, "I know. I believe you. I want that too. "NICK BENSON"!" She fans herself with a flutter of fingers, "Do you think he would give me an autograph?"
"Positive. Get dressed."
Ash narrows her eyes, "No. Let's do this. Bestie!"
Willa is taken back by her bravery, "Well okay then. I'll wear the white and red."
A swift change the girls scope out the store then Willa takes the lead. Dropping to her hands and knees she prowls like a panther toward Nick. At his feet she rests her butt on her feet and runs her hands along his inner thighs. Reaching his erection she whispers, "I have a surprise for Dorian."
He glares down at her with curiosity yet remains sternly enforcing his expression..
Without looking back for her bestie, Willa eyes Nick as his gaze lifts to view a shy Ashleigh glancing around for onlookers. Convinced of her safety she creeps out of the room and swallows hoarsely.
Following Willa's lead she too drops to her hands and knees stealthily crawling toward them. Joining Willa she moves to Nicks right making room.
"This is my new Bestie, Ashleigh. Isn't she beautiful, Daddy?"
Nick puckers and rubs his goatee, "Your new friend is intoxicating."
Ashleigh blushes, "Thank you."
Willa rubs Nick's erection then boldly reaches with her other hand to grip Ashleigh's wrist. Quaking Ash allows her to place a hand on Nick's balls, swollen and bulging through his slacks.
Nick growls, "Well, well, well."
"I'm going to kiss my bestie, Daddy. Close your eyes."
Ash trembled everywhere as Willa/ Sara leaned over and offered a sweltering kiss to the young blond. Tongues rolling and probing. Willa made certain she had her bestie where she needed her.
Nick admired her zest. Perhaps there was a new chapter to be written in the Dorian saga.
However!
All good things must come to an end.
Out of no where a thunderous voice bellowed...
"ASHLEIGH THOMAS!! You are Fired!"
Ash and Willa parted lips in a panic as the owner of Selena's, Selena herself observed their display. The large framed Hispanic woman in her early 40's approached.
Nick noted her commotion by placing his hands on the back of both of the girls head's.
"Continue! I'll deal with this."
He rises and steps away from the girls. Willa winks at Ashleigh then draws her terrified face back into another kiss. This time Willa palmed the blonds chest and did her best to heat up the situation. Fingers slither beneath the girls cups.
In moments Ashleigh lost herself to Willa's intensity.
Nick took Selena aside and wrote her a check for $5,000.00 to shut up and look the other way. Reluctantly Selena in her greed accepted. She would block her front door for fifteen minutes as requested. The few customers within already departing.
Nick returned to his chair and reached out to unclasp Willa's bra removing it with her unwavering assist.
He then reached over and caressed Ashleigh's golden locks. Willa turned on the heat while unhooking the blonds bra slipping her free of it.
Both topless Willa turned her kisses to the girls neckline causing her to moan. Nick continued pelting her hair lightly. Nervously Ashleigh dared to look Nick in the eye.
Nick nodded his approval. Then, Ashleigh began kissing Willa/ Sara's shoulder. Delighted by her boldness Willa sucked on Ashleigh's nipples one after another. Ash would return the favor.
Nick growled under his breath, "Panties off! FEAST!"
Willa broke away long enough to place a finger to Ashleigh's lips. She then eased the blond back and removed the lacey black panties. "Ashleigh Evelyn Thomas" was now totally naked.
Within seconds Willa sprawled out and pried the girls legs apart. Her tongue devastated the girls young pussy. Fingers inserted in gentle thrusts that conceived an array of shrill cries.
After careful observation Nick reached down and rubbed Ashleigh's clit with a generous thumb. Ash could only watch in a fever of disbelief.
"Cum for my daughter." He growled.
The intensity of his glare made her squirt slightly across Willa's jaw. Unexpected by it yet she remained focused.
"Very good, Ashleigh." He patted her leg. "We need to wrap this up. Get dressed the both of you."
Willa crawls to her feet and helps the shaking Ashleigh up. A hug maintained as they walk to the dressing room.
Once inside Willa leaps back into a feverish kiss. Both women whimper at their adventure.
Parting slowly Willa plants her forehead against her friend, "That was awesome. You tasted like candy."
Ash tries not to laugh, "Nick Benson rubbed my clit. I kissed a girl. She ate me out. I think I'm in love. Oops! I didn't say that. Please don't freak out."
"Perish the thought, Bestie. I told you I was serious. I want to do this again sometime." Willa grins.
"I owe you my tongue, don't I?"
"In spades Baby!" They share a laugh.
Both race to get dressed. As they hug one more time Willa leads her out by hand to face Nick. He had been talking to Selena up front.
As Ash faced Selena she lowered her gaze ashamed.
"I'm sorry Selena."
The elder Hispanic woman frowned, "What's done is done. I'll mail you your paycheck. Don't come back."
Nick grumbled, "No worries. Smile and tell her thank you."
Ash faintly smiles, "Thank you Selena."
Willa interrupts, "Do I get to keep my underwear?"
Selena rolls her eyes, "Gather what you wore and go."
"Thank you Selena. Can we please come again? Just kidding." Willa snorts.
She raced back and grabbed the articles of clothing returning to Nick who held a bag given to him by Selena.
The three of them depart as Selena unlocks the door.
On the street Nick halts the girls, "How old are you Ashleigh?"
"Nineteen. Twenty in two months."
Willa interrupts, "Oh, she recognized you Nick. She wants your autograph."
Nick chuckles shaking his head, "Read my books?"
"All of them. Hot from cover to cover. Especially, "Do as I Say". I love them."
"I haven't even read that one yet." Willa pouts, "Nick? Can Ash come by the house and hang out with me from time to time?" Willa bounces on her toes pleading.
"On conditions." He narrows his gaze.
Both girls await his direction, "No interference when I'm writing. Grace is your top priority. And, lastly, Ashleigh's clothing remains outside of my home at all times. Unless I say differently. If I catch her even in a pair of socks she will be banned from my home permanently."
Ashleigh swallows hard with a glint of respect, "Wow! I think I can do that."
Willa leaps into a jumping hug shared by Ash.
Then, in a quick realization Willa halts, "What about Jesse? I'm certain you don't want him to witness that."
Nick nods, "My son won't be a problem long. Patience until he's gone."
Willa fidgets slightly turning to Ash, "Oh, by the way, Sara is a character in Nick's new book. My real name is Willa. Sorry. Just want us to be open and honest."
Ash shrugs, "Hi Willa."
Nick drags both girls under his arms for a quick embrace, "My daughter's. I swear."
The girls laugh as his hands rub their shoulders.
"Guess I need to look for a new job." Ash pouts.
Willa sighs, "I make $2,000.00 a week. I'll give you $500.00 a week of it if you assist me with Baby Grace." She then looks at Nick gritting her teeth, "That's if Nick is okay with that."
He smirks, "If Claire's okay with that, you mean."
Willa pats his chest, "Hey, Mister Master. Who wears the pants in this family?"
He snarls, "INSPIRATION!"
"I'm trying Daddy."
As he walks away Willa grabs Ash by the arm. Ash smiles with a scared look.
"He's going to fuck me isn't he?"
She nods with fidgeting lips, "Oh, I'll make sure he does."
"What?" Ash drops her jaw, "Okay then."
"Glad you see things my way. Bestie!" Willa grunts, "More shopping Nick! I still have's money's!"
By day's end Willa Pryce had an entire wardrobe.
She even bought Ash a belly button piercing.
Sexy indeed.