Author's note:


No part of this story is written so as to stand on its own. I strongly suggest that you start withthe beginning of Part 1and read sequentially—giving up at any point you choose, of course.
All sexual activity portrayed anywhere in this story involves only people at least eighteen years old.
This entire story is posted only on literotica.com. Any other public posting without my permission in writing is a violation of my copyright.

We went off to Sam's room. I told them, "Grab some clean clothes. It's time for a shower now." Sam looked enlightened and Jenny looked mystified. We collected clothes, and headed off to the showers.
Once there, we found a vacant section, in the main open area. Sam and I spent some time soaping each other, and then I turned to Jenny. "Your turn," I told her. I thought she had partly figured out what I was thinking, because she looked around at the two or three dozen others in there, some girls by themselves but mostly couples, a little nervously. I said quietly, "Are you really willing to trust me? 'With you, anything?'"
She looked at me, a little doubtfully. "Is this a test? I'll try, really."
"Well, bear in mind that Sam has already done it all, in a way. What I'm planning for you is what we did, in private, after the oral-sex session left her a mess. And then exhibitionism, well, you were there. If you can't manage to come, loudly enough for everyone in here to hear you—and no faking it!—I guess we'll have to try something else. But you don't have to bring everyone in the building running to see. Anyway, first we need to get you clean and beyond. You can do a little soaping on me,ad libitum, too."
I started in on her, giving a full treatment. I shampooed her hair, then washed her neck, then her shoulders and back and her arms, working my down to her ass. I kissed her neck and shoulders as I took my hands around to the front, beginning at the collarbone and working down. As always, I spent more time on her breasts than any issues of getting them clean would justify, but I was rewarded with occasional gasps and moans. Suddenly she turned around and pulled me to her, giving me a long, long kiss. Her hand went down to my cock and stroked. I handed her the soap, and that got much better. I eventually told her, "If I come now, you'll have to do everything again later." She dropped to her knees and took me into her mouth briefly—making sure the soap was all gone first—then got up and kissed me again. She handed the soap back, and I turned her around again. From the back I did her belly and sides. I came back for her ass, circling the anus but not going in, washing her buttocks. I turned her around to face me, and washed her hips, and started in on her pussy.
In principle, we were washing away external lubrication, though she was also wet enough inside to reverse this given a little time. The soap provided good lubrication for my stroking and fondling. Her eyes were closed, and she moaned and gasped as I did this.
I worked my way down her thighs, past her knees and down her calves. I reached the ankles and feet. I told her, "Brace yourself, on the wall or on me if you want, and make sure we don't topple over." I picked up one foot, soaping toes and heel and sole, then put that down and did the same for the other.
I stood up, and she melted into me. We kissed, at length, and my hand went down to her pussy again. She moaned, and finally said, "What do I need to do now? With you, anything, but I need to know what."
"Trust me. Really. But here's where we'll begin."
I backed her up into the wall, and stooped enough to get the head of my cock against her pussy. I rubbed it back and forward for a moment, then with my hands spread the labia wide enough to provide access and shoved in. She gasped and moaned, loudly enough that a few nearby people glanced our way. I told her, "Arms around my neck, firmly, but don't strangle me." I put my hands behind her thighs, about halfway down, and picked her up, holding her firmly against the wall.
She shrieked once in surprise, not all that loudly. I told her, "Wrap your legs around behind me, and use them as leverage to move." I began thrusting in earnest. She kissed me, the warm water running down us both. Then her eyes were closed as she moaned, moving with me. She tensed more and more, and then came with loud cries. I noticed with appreciation that they were indeed loud enough to attract attention from around the shower room, but not enough to hurt my ears, and probably not enough to draw many people in from outside. I didn't have time to do more than notice this, because I was coming too.
There were a few encouraging comments and some applause, but not really too much. I thought that maybe people were already becoming just a little blasé about this kind of thing. I did manage to look around some, and yes, people were looking, even from the other side of the big room. One nearby boy said something, loudly enough but lost in echoes and noise of falling water, and his partner—I assumed the girl showering with him was that—looked pretty indignant and punched him in the biceps, how hard I couldn't tell.
I let Jenny down slowly and carefully, and she immediately grabbed me into a kiss that went on for a while. If I opened my eyes, I could see Sam smiling benignly at me, a little behind Jenny and to one side. Finally, I broke, and I told her, "I think I need to soap some areas again."
"You're just looking for an excuse to get your hands on my pussy again!" But she was smiling big as she said it. I took the soap from Sam, who had rescued it from wherever it had gone, and washed thighs and vulva and up inside as far as practical. When I was done, Jenny kissed me again. "You had me so worried, but that was fun!" She hesitated, and then told me, "I love you so much. And I really do mean, 'With you, anything,' even if I'm afraid too. I hope you won't, honestly, but if you want to spread me out on a cafeteria table, too, I'll do my best to enjoy it and draw the biggest crowd I can."
"I don't think that one will be necessary, but I'll keep thinking a little bit. I think that, for you, a little of that kind of exhibitionism is probably a good thing. Think about it a moment. Six months ago, if someone told you that you'd be screwing a boy, any boy, in your room with three or five other girls watching intently, how would you have felt? And you wound up organizing it, in the end."
During this, we had all moved out of the shower and collected towels and dried off, and were getting dressed. Jenny's hair was still wet, and she just wrapped it in a towel until she could get back to her room—Sam's, actually—to comb it out. Sam's hair was a little damp, but she'd mostly kept it out of the path of the water.
"We're really supposed to do another swapping event of some kind," Jenny reminded us. "I'm kind of down on it after this afternoon, but we were instructed to."
But when we got to Sam's room, there were people waiting for us in the hall. Ellen and Brian, and Ellen's friends Ellen Manning and Deedee Cox, and their partners, Bill Williams and Tim McGrath. Jenny and I were both on first-name terms with Ellen and Deedee, but we only slightly knew Williams and McGrath.
Ellen (Chan) said, "That was you down in the showers a few minutes ago? I might have known." We all laughed. From some people that would have been barbed, but not from Ellen.
Brian looked at us. "That might affect timing," he said, looking around at the others. After a moment, he went on. "Phil, Sam, Jenny, we want to ask another favor of you. We hope it will be easier and better for you three than the last one, but even if some of us are tending to forget, it is a favor, not something you're obliged in any way to do. I realize that Wednesday Ellen was asking for more than a favor, for both of us, but she felt free to ask because of prior relationships, and, well, you did it because it was Ellen who asked, and you saw she really needed help."
Ellen said, "Brian, do I need to ask them myself? You usually get to the point without so much wandering around first."
"No, I think that's not playing fair. I'll try to be direct here, then. I don't know about your afternoon session, but ours—that's three different sessions—were pretty dismal. My part went pretty well, and I think a lot of that is due to Ellen's being willing to tell me what I do wrong, and way more than that to what I saw Wednesday night. Anyway, the problem as I see it was that out of eight couples in my group, six of the boys were, well, insensitive. Get in and enjoy yourself, and assume that makes it good for her. These two girls were pretty unhappy with the attention they got, too." He indicated Ellen M. and Deedee. "I think these guys enjoyed it more, but I'm not sure about their partners, partners for that session I mean.
"Anyway, we talked, and I think we'd all kind of like to do a session of our own, with you three. It even fits with what we were told to do tonight. If it's not OK with you, we'll see what we can manage on our own. And I really do mean that part! Ellen and I owe you too much to ask you to do this unless it really is OK with you."
I answered. "I think the girls, my partners I mean, are going to have to weigh in. This is not a decision I'm making for them. For myself, I'm not unwilling. In our group this afternoon, we saw about what you described. And Ellen and Deedee can tell you up front that we don't know each other all that well, but what I've seen I've liked." I continued right on, because I saw Sam opening her mouth to jump in, and I thought I knew what it would be. "And no, Sam, I do not mean that they are pretty enough for anyone, though they are, I mean what all they've had to say and how willing they were to take me as a friend just because Ellen had. I did have one turn with Ellen in the first or second week of the gym game, and that went very well, for both of us.
"But I have to ask exactly how this is supposed to work. Four boys and five girls. Who gets left out?"
"What we were thinking was that you could have turns with Ellen and Deedee. My Ellen really wants a chance with you, but she's more than willing to wait for a better occasion. What you did Wednesday, well, it means a lot. I would be asking to have a turn with either Sam or Jenny, your choice—theirs, I mean. The other two would have to sort out who's with my Ellen and who's with your other partner.
"And I've told the guys it's no deal at all if your partners and Ellen aren't the ones in charge, for them. And for me. However we sort out the couples. We're all here for some instruction and demonstration we didn't get from our own instructors."
"So I still have to manage two girls? Um. It's been an intense day. This morning I screwed my instructor. Instructress. You all know what I did at lunch, I assume you saw it too. In the afternoon session, I screwed two—because of these two, there was an odd woman out, and she got a free choice and chose me. And a few minutes ago, well, apparently you heard. Five times, admittedly spread over most of the day. If the girls all agree, I'll try, but no promises. I did manage five in just gym class a couple of times or so, but with the fifth one I wasn't sure I would finish, especially the first time. Admittedly, those were in just one class session.
"And I'm afraid I'm getting to be in a rut of my own. Kiss her, fondle her breasts, fondle her pussy, eat her pussy, and either something like sixty-nine or a regular screw. I try to adapt to the particular girl, but I've been doing this sequence too much."
"You left out something important," Jenny broke in. "You almost always, make that absolutely always I think, try to find out what she wants first. Sometimes with just us you don't exactly bother with that, but by now you know what we like. And if we want something different, you trust us to tell you.
"But Brian, you should have heard him earlier. First with Sam, before lunch, they talked about Monday night when they almost did it then in the cafeteria, and he made sure she really wasn't just teasing. Without appearing to do more than tease her back, but you bet he was listening! But then, with Wilson, Barbara Wilson, and then with Macdougal. Macdougal just said she wanted what Wilson had had, and he made me proud of him in how happy he made her. But with Wilson he spent a lot of time talking over away from everyone, until everyone else was long done with planning. And then I'm totally sure she changed whatever they planned, without telling him what she wanted to do, and he went along without blinking. Phil, there's one big reason that almost every girl you've ever screwed has wanted to do it again!"
At the mention of Wilson's name, all three of the girls, Ellen and Ellen and Deedee, had looked startled, shocked even, for a moment, and then gone blank. I said, "Sam, please excuse me for taking charge here, it's your room after all, but I need to talk to these three for just a minute or two. They misunderstood something Jenny said, and it's kind of something personal. Can the rest of you just go out in the hall? I promise, not much more than two minutes."
I got mystified looks from everyone, without exception, but everyone else filed out and closed the door. I spoke very quietly, and really fast. "When Wilson and I talked, she started off by saying that she just wanted to suck my cock, I'm assuming in fast-and-get-this-over-with mode, from the way she said it. I told her I wasn't going to take that without trying to do something good for her, somehow, but I asked her why, too. And she told me. I'm not spilling to anyone without her say-so, period, OK? I think the week has been awful for her because everyone is doing stuff to her without any consideration for her own feelings, and that's not entirely their fault since they don't know and have to make some assumptions.
"I did get her to come by eating her, not a big event except in context I think, and at the last minute she decided to screw me instead of sucking, without telling me more than that she was changing plans. That was a total bust—except that she was doing it for me, and she made it pretty good for me, and she wasn't looking for more for herself at that point. But what she told me is safe with me, unless and until she says differently. I did make her promise to talk to me sometime tomorrow or probably Sunday. I want to know how she's managed and how she's feeling. Do I need to say anything more now?"
Ellen (Chan) grabbed me for a quick kiss, just a peck. "She's really nice, and I was afraid of how it might have worked with the two of you, that's all. I'm sure these two were the same, we all know, and we like her." She went over to the door and opened it, and said, "You can all come back in now. Please."
I recognized the looks on my girls' faces, so I said, "You two, please don't try to make me talk about it. Ellen will tell you I'm clamming up for a good reason. Really."
Ellen nodded. "That's really true. More reason for the two of you to be very proud of him. I am!"
I went on, "OK, girls, we have a request. I've said I'm willing but may be unable, but nothing is happening without your OK. If we're doing it we can't waste time, really. If not, we can't waste their time, they'll need to go to plan B, whatever that is. So tell us all, please."
They looked at each other, and Jenny said, "Yes. With the stipulations Brian put on it. They kiss, caress, stay out, come in, whatever, as we say, and same for Ellen with whichever of them. And guys, I'm not—we're not—saying that to enjoy calling the shots. It's just what Brian said, what we saw in our group this afternoon too. There was Phil, and one other guy, the one who screwed me as it happens, who wasn't really bad at all except by comparison. In fact, next week and thereafter, when Phil's not available I just may go after him. He was way better than my instructor, that's for sure. But the rest, um, robots. Or zombies. Or sleepwalkers. You guys can do better, and if not you can learn better, and I mean it."
"Phil, are you up to starting? That will give you the most time to get ready for another turn later," Ellen asked me.
"Um. The discussion has me apparently ready to go. Beyond that, we'll have to see. Can we set up couple assignments first?"
"You know whom you're doing. I'm going to choose Bill, so he doesn't have to switch names. You two choose between Brian and Tim. Phil, I think the girls are willing to follow your lead, no prior discussion needed, but I know you'll check with them anyway. Pick one and get started."
Ellen (M) was beautiful in her own way, quite tall, a little plump for my taste, or perhaps solid or stocky or something, blonde, beautiful wavy or curly hair, nice big breasts but not saggy. I turned to her and said, "Would you mind if we start off dressed? Maybe shoes and socks off first? I'd love to undress you, and you can choose whether to do so to me or let me undress myself as we go."
She stood up and opened her arms. "Well, then, what are we waiting for? Oh, shoes and socks." And she sat down again and started in on them. I had mine off by the time she was done. We both stood. "Now," she said. "I know you're officially in charge. But please, kiss me. I was so envious of Samantha before lunch today."
"Do you want a bigger audience? We can go out by the monitor's desk, or to the cafeteria or something if you want."
"It's actually tempting. But it wasn't the audience I envied her for, it was the attention you gave her. Even if you didn't really take all that long."
I stepped up to her and we kissed. We continued this for a while. I eventually said, "Is it OK for me to go on?" It didn't seem to me that she was responding all that much. But she said, "Oh, please, Phil."
I put my hand on the side of her face and kissed her once more, and then began to stroke her breasts, through her clothes. I could feel the nipples harden, a lot, pretty much instantly. She said, "Oh, my, that's—", and then she moaned and kissed me with much more passion than she had shown me yet. I caressed more, and she moaned more deeply. When she broke that kiss, she was breathing pretty hard. "Oh, go on!" she said. "I can't wait!"
This wasn't what I expected, not at all. Initially she had seemed to be holding back, and suddenly she was apparently completely ready. I unbuttoned her blouse, and cradled her breasts through her bra. She gasped and moaned and panted as though we were much further along. I slid the blouse off, and unfastened the bra and took it off her too. I laid them on the desk. I buried my face in her breasts. I thought they might have been the most beautiful I had ever seen, certainly larger than any I had fondled like that—except on three or four girls whom I found unpleasantly fat, and Ellen certainly was not that. She seemed to respond to each touch on her breasts.
I took off my own shirt and laid it down too. I embraced her closely again, feeling the rub of her breasts, and especially the nipples, against my own chest. She was slightly taller than I was, which seemed to emphasize the thrust of her breasts somehow.
I kissed her again, but she was distracted. I resumed stroking her breasts, rubbing the nipples. And then she came, loudly, for a long time.
When that was past, she pulled me to her and really kissed me. I continued stroking, and she clearly was being affected, but the urgency was gone for the time being. She finally said, "It's never happened to me like that before."
"I've never seen anything quite like it myself. I hope it was as good as it looked."
She kissed me again. This time, urgency seemed to be returning a little. I disengaged myself, and unfastened her shorts and pulled down the panties with them. After I laid those down, I removed my own shorts and underwear. My fingers probed and stroked between her legs, and I wondered whether she was going to come again immediately. I returned to her breasts briefly, and then said, "Would you like to lie down?"
She kissed me with passion, and then sat on the edge of the bed. She said, "Please, Phil, come and eat me. After that, I'm dying for you to." So I did as she wished. It took practically no time at all for her to come, and again a couple of minutes after that.
I told her, "I can keep this up for a while, but I'm afraid I'm past ready myself now. We didn't discuss options earlier. I'm inclined to just go for ordinary intercourse now, if that's OK with you. Do you need to come a time or two more first? Do you want some sixty-nine variation, or just oral sex on me? I'd accept most any of those things at this point."
She pulled me up to where she could kiss me. "Phil, I want you inside me. Do you want top, or bottom, or from the rear, or what? You've let me have my own way so far. Now you tell me what you want, or just take it without asking. Really. If you want to do anal, that's not my preference, but you've been so good to me I won't say no. To anything within reason."
I don't know why, but that caused my own responses to go off the chart. I said, "You're sure?"
"Try me and see."
I said, to everyone, "I'm afraid I'm going to take Ellen up on her offer, and I'm being pretty selfish in doing that. This is going to delay everybody else, and, Deedee, I hope I'll have some left for you, too, but I'm not going to worry about that now."
I kind of grabbed Ellen, and laid her out straight on the bed. I got in beside her, and pulled her head and shoulders and breasts onto me, and kissed her. I felt like I was about to explode. I took her by the hips and lifted her onto me the rest of the way. I told her, "Straddle me, and take me in. Quick." She looked at me, but did it instantly. I was inside her within twenty seconds. I started thrusting, and almost immediately she was moving with me, building toward another orgasm. I somehow managed to ride through that one without coming myself, but the next one, maybe two minutes later, started me coming. Ellen was pretty loud, not quite hurting my ears but close.
When her orgasm was over—hers was a lot longer than mine—I kissed her, but said, "You said, 'anything within reason,' so you're not done yet." I picked her hips up again, pulling myself out of her, and laid her to the side again. I said, "Please, use your mouth to get me ready again."
She just nodded and got busy. It took a few minutes, but then I was erect again and starting to get hard. I said, "Is it OK if I ask you to take me all the way? And in a while, if you can manage deep throat, I'd really like that."
She stopped what she was doing, and came up and kissed me. She put both hands on the sides of my face and kissed me again. "You're not anywhere near the limits of 'within reason,'" she told me. "At the moment, I'd love to do that. If you will think back, I told you before I would like to do it someday. I mean, taking you all the way, I didn't know anything about deep throat then." She kissed me once more, and then returned to my cock. Soon I was tightening up, and I said, "I can't last much longer."
She nodded, then went on a little longer that way, but as I was starting to tremble on the verge, she did pop me past the soft palate and on down, and I came again.
When she was sure I was through, she brought me back into her mouth again, and cleaned me off that way. She wiped her mouth and the area around it on a corner of the sheet, then came up and kissed me at length. "You know, if we didn't need to give the others a chance, I'd want to start the whole thing over and see how much of it you could manage," she told me. We got up from the bed, and she got dressed. As Brian and Jenny got into bed, already undressed, we stood together, arms around waists.
Jenny did take charge, and Brian let her. He did things she didn't tell him to, but that fit in with what she'd said, and I saw that he was really paying attention to her. She sometimes used a lot of detail, sometimes none at all. I don't think she ever stopped him to correct what he was doing, when he did what she had said. He got told to caress and finger and lick as well as kissing, and I could see that she was very happy with what was happening. Jenny usually preferred not to come more than once during foreplay, but maybe Ellen's example inspired her. She had him lick and caress until she had come twice, and then let him screw her. She had a major, screaming orgasm with him inside, and he held back until she was done. When he came, she did too, again. I could tell that Brian was another likely one for her to look to for comfort and pleasure in the weeks to come. She looked really happy, and was kind of clinging to him as Ellen, Ellen Chan, and Bill started in. I was very glad for her. I had been a little worried about whether Jenny might just, well, mope by herself whenever I wasn't available. It wasn't that her experiences with others had all been awful, though some had, but that she was so attached to me that I was afraid she just wouldn't try.
Ellen's time with Bill also went really well. I did watch, but as they were just getting started I talked a little, very low, with Ellen (Manning). I wanted to know whether her breasts were always such a strong erogenous zone for her, in other words was she always ready to come just from having them attended to. She said no, that was the first time, not only for causing an orgasm but for turning her on very much. I asked about the initial kissing, too, and she said she wanted to talk to me about it, maybe sometime the next week, but that it was too involved for right then. She said she had only had about three orgasms, since that rainy Monday in gym, and they had all been this week and nothing like so powerful.
I knew from my own experience that Ellen (Chan) enjoyed sex a lot, even when it was really kind of so-so, as long as she received appreciation and affection. She was as generous and affectionate a partner as any guy could ask for. I was pretty sure that before this week I had been her only one, and I had been completely delighted to see her so happy with Brian. Now, with Bill, I thought she had started out fairly turned on from watching others, and I was pretty sure that it wasn't because of watching sex but because of the affection expressed. This caused me to give Ellen (M) another squeeze and a brief kiss. I thought Sam caught this, and hoped it wouldn't be a problem for her. Ellen (C) had Bill spend a long time just lying there holding and kissing. He kept wanting to move ahead, and she finally told him, "Look. Whatever woman you eventually have, she will sometimes just want affection from you, and to know you're paying attention to her, not to what you want. If you want that—" giving his cock a little squeeze, "—to get some attention from me, stop thinking about this as sex and start making love to me."
Whether or not the message really got through, he did back off and wait for her to lead. He kissed her and stroked her body more gently, not zeroing in on breasts and pussy the way he had been trying to. She did eventually begin to get going herself, and she put his hands onto her breasts. When she finally brought him into her, she told him to try to hold back and give her a chance. It seemed that he took this to heart, as she came twice before he did, and she was looking really happy as they got up.
I could see that Tim was so turned on by what he had been seeing that he was going to have real trouble going slow. Obviously Sam saw this, too, and she warned him right off that if he didn't satisfy her first he could just plan to go beat off by himself next time, because Deedee was watching him that minute. He was so turned on that I was afraid he would just come despite his efforts to wait, but in the end he did well. She made him lie there with her and kiss her slowly, lingering but gentle, for quite a while. And then after a good amount of time of just caressing her, including erogenous zones but not limited to them, she made him eat her pussy until she had come three times. That part didn't take as long as it sounds like. I could tell that, if I had been the one there with her, she would have told me much earlier to quit wasting time and come inside. When he did come in, he basically came right off, and he apologized. She told him he should try to hold out longer, but that, as it was, she had known he was really close and that this was likely even though he tried. She did make him eat her once more, though. She knew that while I didn't like the taste of semen very much I was willing to put up with it without complaint, and I thought she was making sure he would be prepared to do so in the future. She made clear to him that she was grateful and well pleased with him. I didn't know anyone who did that better than Sam.
That left me and Deedee. I gave Ellen one more squeeze and quick kiss, with a low, "Thank you, you were amazing to me," and went up to Deedee. At this point, she was dressed and I wasn't. I kissed her, putting as much longing into it as I could. I needn't have worried about being erect and hard, it turned out, but as for ability to come when the time arrived I was a little unsure.
Deedee was beautiful, kind of petite, with shortish dark hair and a lovely figure. She kissed me again, and said, "Why don't I get undressed so we match a little better?" She did, not taking very long.
We lay down and kissed again. She took my cock in her hand and said, "I think there must be enough left."
"Deedee, Ellen surprised me enough that I'm just going to ask up front: What would you like me to do with you? You heard my little speech earlier, and you can change your mind later, if it comes to that."
"Well, I really do want some of the kind of attention you gave Ellen. And I want you in my pussy for a while, if you can manage it without coming. If you do come then, that will be OK, really. Then—you're not going to like it, I know, but I really and honestly want you to finish up in my ass. I'm really glad we're last so I can ask that."
"I won't ask whether you're sure that's what you want. Obviously it is. But, well, if Jenny or Sam asked for that I'd probably wind up doing it, but she would have to do some convincing first."
"I know, I said you won't like it. But it's really what I want. No back and forth with my pussy, no sucking on you afterward, I guess I need to say that."
"Can we take a minute now so we don't have to later, please? Sam—?" Sam was already pulling a glove from her box and handing it to me. "And is lubricant from a tube OK? Using spit seems like more personal attention, but it's harder to be sure there's really enough, and it takes time."
"Stuff from a tube is fine, if you've got it." Sam handed me a tube. "OK, so you've been doing this with someone besides Ellen?"
"Actually, no, except in the mandated session, once with each partner. And once with my instructor, of course. Sam just thought ahead, thinking I might. Or she might or something, I don't really know. I'm pretty sure she's not really a kleptomaniac. OK, then, those are here when we need them. I'm hoping I can change your mind, though. If you do, please tell me, when we get there."
I kissed her again, and she kissed back for all she was worth. She was delightful to hold and kiss. She too seemed to get urgent and tense long before I would have expected. She didn't come, or anything like it, just from my touching her breasts, but that made her break a kiss, panting. She grabbed my hand and used it to stroke down in her pussy. She moaned and writhed, and I took my hand away from her enough to attend to a couple of areas I felt she was neglecting. She began to thrust her hips against me, and she came. She was a little like Ellen, Ellen Chan, her moans and cries quiet but very intense and urgent. When she was done, still panting a little, she said, "Can we go ahead now?"
"You're in charge, but I was hoping for a chance to lick you, too. And a little more kissing, first. I'm going to go for that, but feel free to tell me to do something else."
She kissed back with great enthusiasm, but not great urgency. After a few minutes, she said, "This is wonderful, but please skip the tongue down there. Maybe some other time. Do you think you can go in me for a little while without coming?"
"I can try, and I really will try. Do you want to be on top?"
She answered by turning onto her back, legs parted. Sometimes I can recognize and take a hint. I moved on top of her and went in. I knew this would be hard. I wanted to stay. I thrust a few times, and she said, "Please, just hold still. You feel so good just in me." So I did. I didn't kiss her mouth, but I did kiss her cheek and jaw and neck. I was aware that the lack of thrusting didn't seem to be helping me relax and move further from coming.
After several minutes, she said, "Please. Come out now, and lubricate."
I forbore saying, "You're really sure?" and came out. I said, "You choose what position you want to take for this." She knelt on the edge of the bed, curling herself up. I said, "I'll try, but I think the height won't be the best for me to go in, when the time comes."
I put on the glove and opened the tube, then did my best to lubricate her thoroughly. I went in with my finger, but aside from lubricating there really didn't seem to be much need. I told her, "I'm afraid I going in your pussy once more before I lube myself up with this stuff." She didn't say anything, and I found my way into her vagina, just for three quick thrusts. I pulled out, and squeezed a large glob onto the glove and spread it on my cock. I put the tube down on the desk, where I had put its cap earlier, and peeled off the glove and put it in the wastebasket.
I thrust slowly into her anus, moving a little out from time to time before proceeding. A couple of times she gasped, and I couldn't really tell whether it was pleasure or pain. When I was all the way in, I held for a few moments, then began thrusting. The way she had positioned herself, I really had no access to either the front of her pussy or her breasts, so I left my hands on her hips, rocking her slightly back and forth as I thrust in and out. I tried to go slow, but she told me, "Faster. Please!" So I thrust faster. She was breathing more heavily, and after a moment she gasped and moaned. I sped up even a little more, and she came, and I did too, almost immediately.
When we were both done, though she was still panting a little, I pulled out. I grabbed some tissues and wiped around her anus, mostly just wiping off lubricant. I went over to the sink, and Sam had a hot, soapy washcloth all ready. I cleaned myself off as best I could, and left the washcloth in the sink and went over to get dressed. Deedee was standing and mostly dressed by this time. She interrupted my dressing to take me in her arms.
"I know you don't like that, but honestly, it really was what I wanted, and it was wonderful. If you ask me sometime, I'll let you come in my pussy like you wanted, in fact I'll do anything at all you ask me to. No 'within reason' about it! But this time, you said I was in charge, and you just proved you really meant it." She kissed me, hard.
"I'm off to the showers," I announced. "Deedee, you really need to go off to the lavatory and get that stuff out of you. Would you like an escort down the hall?"
She came over and took my arm. I opened the door, then grabbed the soiled washcloth to put down the chute in the hall, and we went on. I walked her to the lavatory, then went into the showers myself. I had already showered, of course, but kind of a lot had happened. I kept it as quick as I could, while still trying to make sure I was clean all around my cock. I dried off and went back to Sam's room. I knocked and was admitted. Everyone else was there and dressed, and they were all talking. Deedee and Ellen (Manning) detached themselves and came over to me.
Deedee hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. Ellen gave me a hug and a long kiss, more like we were starting out instead of finished. She told me, "Next week we'll all be trying to dig back into regular classwork, but sometime—sometime not too far off!—I would really like you to spend the night with me. I asked Deedee, and if she can manage the time, too, she'd like to get a little share of that night. Two for the price of one! How can you resist? If you try to resist, I'll bug you about it. We really mean it."
Deedee told me, "Phil, thank you for being willing to do what I wanted. I didn't have problems like Ellen did, but when we did anal Wednesday it was, um, disappointing. It felt like it should be good, aside from the discomfort of getting stretched big enough, but my instructor and partner both just kind of went in and came and pulled out, and that was it. When Brian and Ellen described what you had done for her, I was just green with envy. Well, tonight I didn't need any back rub or all that stuff, you know that, but you were wonderful to me. Maybe you can give me just a bit of a back rub next time, whatever we're doing." She kissed me big, this time.
They all sorted themselves out and said goodbye and left. My two looked me up and down. Sam said, "And now it's been three times, no, four, since supper. I guess you don't have any left for us."
I said, "You're tempting me to turn you over my knee and pull your pants down and spank you, sassing me that way. No, I'll never do that, so don't be thinking how to provoke me into it! But don't try to sound like you didn't get enough yourself for one night. I need to go to the lavatory, and I'm sure you both do too. When we get back here, if you're very, very good, I might let you see whether you can wake up something that's sleeping now."
When we came back, we all got ready for bed pretty quickly. Normally, Saturday there were no regular classes, though individual instruction happens then all the time. But normally, we have plenty of class work to do. The next day was the final day for this week, following basically the same schedule. I couldn't imagine what they would find for us in addition to everything we'd already covered.
Before we went to bed, though, when Jenny kissed me goodnight, she said, "Earlier, thinking back to your, um, your little exhibition with Sam, I thought of something. There's a song my dad used to sing sometimes. The words are so silly I don't remember most of them, but I was reminded of the refrain.
"For what it's worth, though, it starts off this way." She sang:

"And here's the refrain—what I was reminded of:"

Sam and I both laughed. Sam said, "I don't think they'd have liked it too much if we'd gone back in the kitchens, though."
I finished kissing Jenny, having a little trouble because of wanting to laugh a couple of times. I kissed Sam a little more quickly, and we got into bed.



Revision: 8/22/2019