It ended all wrong.
Michael didn't really realize how badly he felt until he saw that he was only ten miles from Miami. He'd driven on autopilot with his eyes glazed over. For miles and miles, his hands and feet had made all of the decisions. He had felt strange and he'd only pulled over for gas and coffee once that he could remember and then suddenly there were signs that announced he was rolling through Fort Lauderdale.
It hadn't been a decision to come here, Miami wasn't on the list, he'd approached I95 and had the choice to go north or south. Something chose for him because all the roads in his mind led back to Katie.
It all started with the phone. Her mother had called an hour or two after they'd woken from their post-coitus bliss, just before Michael was about to kiss Katie for the first time. It seemed wrong that he could still taste her orgasm in his mouth, he could taste her ass, he could only inhale her scent, and yet, here they were and never kissed.
Pauline always had shitty timing.
Once Katie came back into the bedroom, things had been awkward. Michael had hurriedly jumped in the shower and regrettably washed it all down the drain. The memory might be etched into him forever but all of the lube and all of the cum and all of her scent and her sweetness, gone. Katie had seemed to be in a hurry as well. Maybe she was ashamed, maybe she had just realized that she'd given something to her Uncle Mike that she was going to regret, maybe forever. As he had lingered in the kitchen, his bag packed and ready to go, he had asked, "Do you have my cell phone number? You know, in case you need something. I'm not at home much these days."
Katie had tucked her blonde tresses into a white baseball cap and a ponytail streamed down her back. In cutoff shorts and an AC/DC tee shirt, it didn't come close to how beautiful she'd been, naked in the bed. She had been so open and perfect but no matter what she wore, she was just fucking gorgeous. She gave him half a smile and almost whispered, "Must be nice." Katie quickly saved his number on her cell phone. She never gave him hers though.
Michael had shaken his head the whole way to Miami, so stupid, how could he have let her go like that? He had no idea what any of it meant. Here he'd been rolling through the list; check this and check that. Sure, what the fuck, he'd had plenty of fun. He'd feasted on the good fortune of the Grim Reaper's little reprieve. He'd run into so many lovely, gracious young women and they'd given him a lifetime of memories in just a couple of short weeks.
Yet, here he was, still didn't know shit about women.
Did she have a good time? He was still scratching his head over that one when he pulled into the long driveway at the front of the W Hotel. He'd never stayed here before. Michael had only come to Miami for work once or twice and had no urge to say goodbye or to get to know her better, but he wasn't sure what came next. How much longer did the road trip to nowhere go on? Since he was already here, he might as well soak up the sun.
A young man wearing a green polo shirt and black pants approached Michael with his hand out for the care keys. His accent had a Latin flair when he asked, "Do you know how long you'll be staying with us, sir?"
"Honestly, I don't even know if they have a room," Michael sighed and handed over the keys to the Audi. "I'm not sure," he hesitated, which seemed to be the answer to almost everything. "Can you keep it close for now and I'll call when I figure it out?"
The man at the front desk had an easy way about him as if time had stopped here in the quiet hum in the lobby. He had bleached teeth and a bronze god tan. His smile was polite and his manners were polished and everything about him suggested that he'd seen it all. He was the king here in this steel and glass tower, this temple to the sun. "Would you like a suite, Mr. Fleming?" The manager asked after a quick flick of Michael's American Express card.
What he really wanted was to call and hear her voice and her laugh and imagine her breasts moving in the skin-tight tee shirt. "Sure, why not?" Michael shrugged, there was no reason to save money. He might as well splurge while there was still time.
The room glittered in the light and Michael couldn't help but wonder if this would be what heaven was like. The white marble floors twinkled and the hot Miami sun streamed through the windows that occupied the whole wall and flooded the space with sunlight. The ocean gleamed right outside, sometimes green, sometimes blue. It was an incredible view but it just reminded him of a certain mermaid and the warmth in her eyes as she watched her godfather come to her open arms.
He nodded as the bellhop opened his creased, brown hand for a tip after he'd placed Michael's carry-on bag in the closet. Michael pressed the crisp ten-dollar bill and let out a slow, sad sigh from his belly.
Tired? Maybe.
All that mindless driving might have caught up to him but the road had just been the line that ran up the back of her calves and the velvet valley behind each knee. The sun had just been the glint of her crazy, blonde tumble of hair. Now the spectacular room was just a bed that was missing her warm body.
The question was really, cancer or heartache? Michael scoffed at the question as he stepped into the white and green marble shower. The steam billowed and hid his reflection, which he was sure if he could see his face, that would just confirm it all. You're too goddamn old for this, he chided himself as the piping hot water streamed down his back. It was a fluke, a coincidence whose odds were greater than the lottery or lightning striking twice. Something that even he couldn't calculate.
For once he'd been in the right place at the right time and although that didn't make up for the death sentence he'd been given, Michael felt it was something to treasure. Katie Kit Kat in all of her delight. Katie, glorious in the light, every inch a woman, a study in the voluptuous. Yet she was still virginal and tender and so new. Her eyes were innocent and there had been something in her face, something about the way she'd looked at him that made it pure. Wholesome.
And that, Michael admitted to himself as a bubbly trail of soap eased down his belly, is what made it perfect and sad and sweet all at once. More than any of the girls that he'd happily come across lately, Katie had this shiny newness about her. Something untouched and perfect and she had given herself over. He wondered if she could tell that it was his first time as well.
First and last and it all melted into one long flash of skin and sighs and her pulsing clit and her rosebud mouth and he hoped that when Katie heard that he'd passed that she remembered his face between her thighs and the shudder that gripped her body.
That would be the best.
***
The third Hemingway Special went down just as easy as the first two, like water. He sat at the counter of Cafe La Trova and Michael realized he needed to eat something before the rum hit him like tidal wave. He just wanted the warm blur that he could sink into. The one that made Katie Kit Kat appear to be just a daydream.
"Empanadas?" The bartender asked with a smirk that suggested no one ever told her no.
"What do you suggest?" his words tripped over each other. Michael could hear the slur, like the sentence was just one, long complicated word and he longed for simplicity.
"Well, you must try the roast calabaza," she told him. Her accent rolled and hit each syllable with a preciseness that accentuated his sloppiness. "And the risotto croquetas," she let out a little moan and Michael noticed her throat as she tossed her head back. It sounded like ecstasy and made him think of her naked.
Michael smiled lazily and nodded, "Anything else?" He wondered in a voice that wanted to peek around the corner and ogle her as she lay back on the bed. What was happening to him? He was like an animal. He had turned into a nonstop, perpetual dirty old man.
The dark haired waitress paused and looked him in the eye. It had turned sexual as her mouth opened just a little and there was a little drop of moisture twinkling there on the center of her bottom lip. Michael thought he might growl involuntarily and hopefully she'd blame the strong drink. "Seared foie gras," she lingered over the words, thoughtfully, setting the pace like she was talking dirty. She would make him wait. "You need to fatten up," she winked at him and waltzed away. She disappeared into the crowd and the salsa music and the scent of pork and onions and spicy heat that came from the people as much as the kitchen.
Before Michael had even begun to get his bearings, the siren in an apron returned. She was enveloped in steam and carried a wooden tray. It was dark with age and heat and was lined with steaming plates of food. "You're going to need this," she had brought him a white, linen napkin wrapped around silverware, "And against my better judgment," she added with a giggle, "something to wash it down." It was the fourth drink and he quickly chugged the remainder of the third. "Just remember that it's more fun when you remember what happened," the waitress tossed her words of wisdom at him and left him with the glorious food.
The foie gras burst on his tongue in a fatty, decadent explosion. The risotto was earthy and dense and had a crispy bite on the backend. The food was decadent and almost sinful nd Michael sighed as the heft of it began to settle in his belly. It felt good, a counterweight to the alcohol. The salsa music orchestrated the rhythm of everything here, even his body. Michael's pulse, even the pace at which he chewed, it all seemed to sync up with the music. It was a sensual song and the beat was having its way with him. This was the tempo of grinding hips and bare legs, the melody of long tendrils of hair, and a bare, damp neck that needed to be bitten.
Katie, he thought, as he swallowed hard; she would have loved this place. She would have loved the spectacle of people, a throng of men and women, thrown together with not quite enough clothes. A little too much heat and a lot too much alcohol made the air in the restaurant seem ready to burst with pheromones and humidity. It was an almost too obvious sensuality. It was perfect for the mermaid girl who had taken his heart in her small hands with a whirl of blonde hair and a flash of sea green eyes.
Shit, this was why he'd hidden for so long, wasn't it? The rest of the drink went down easy, watered down now, it was mostly melted ice. It did nothing to ease the anxious place in the center of his chest, this uneasiness that couldn't stop wondering if she were looking at her phone right now. Was she somewhere, just about to call?
Okay, how about now?
Fuck, he'd never done this at the right time. He should be time traveling, back to when he was her age. Back when he'd been barely legal himself. Back when he had nothing but time and had his heart on his sleeve and was open for anything. It seemed much more precarious to do this now, at the end, when it meant everything.
"Can we buy you another drink?" someone asked. It was a smoky voice, a voice that still smoked sometimes because it enjoyed the rush. Michael turned just enough to see the red-stained, voluptuous lips that belonged to the voice. Lips that were made for blowing smoke rings, maybe kisses as well.
"I'm sorry?" Michael leaned in to hear her again. Yes, he'd heard the question but he didn't have an answer yet.
She giggled and tossed her inky curls back, out of the way but one tendril stayed behind to caress her tan, naked neck. She looked back over her shoulder, coquettishly, at the dark-haired man who had one hand possessively around her waist. She wanted to make sure that he was watching, this was deliberate. This was a game and somehow, without saying a word, Michael knew the rules and watched the pieces move about the board in slow motion. He'd imagined this before. He'd never thought it would come to this that night when he'd scribbled so many words in a notebook.
Checkmate.
"Can we buy you another drink?" She asked again. She was close enough now for her dark hair to almost touch his face as her small, pert breasts almost touched his shoulder. There was her scent, the spicy heat of her invaded his nostrils like one more delicious course that he just had to try. He needed to fatten up, right?
Then again, there was a man who was part of this "we" that she referred to. For a split second, Michael thought that it would be a dangerous delight to brush the back of his hand across her stony, little nipples that were so goddamn obvious in the dress. Right here at the bar. Let him watch, nice and easy. "I actually just sobered up," the Michael that would never touch a woman in front of her husband spoke for him. Better not get into trouble, the old Michael seemed to warn.
"Well, maybe alcohol isn't your thing?" She gestured with her head, down to her hand where a fat joint rested on her crimson talons. "Come out back with us," she told him with a sly grin that said never, not once, had any man not taken her up on this invitation. She was so cocky and Michael felt the stir of it between his legs.
Michael wasn't going to be the first to turn her down. He rose to his feet and realized that somehow, the music was now somewhere far away. The hiss of steaming food and the scent of wine, the throng of bodies, the heat was even farther away as Michael watched the black-haired beauty nod at the bartender.
She'd done this before, he thought as he followed carefully. The had, the two of them and Michael was mesmerized by the sight of her slender hips in the skin-tight, red dress. It fit her like a second skin that ached to be peeled back. There was the hypnotic click of her black sandals across the stone floor as she led him to another world, somewhere for just the three of them.
Ménage a Trois, he didn't even think he had spelled it correctly on the list, let alone come close to doing it. This was darker than the two girls with caramel skin. Even with the voodoo and the magic, this was somehow much more savage. Two men? Michael could feel his pulse, suddenly much closer to the surface, much louder, like he could taste it.
The entrance to the patio at the back of the restaurant was half hidden by a palm tree. Back here was cool, damp shade and thick foliage that kept them away from prying eyes. The woman stopped and turned her head, looked him up and down with heat in her melted, chocolate-brown eyes, and laid one finger over her lips as if this place were a secret. As if he were the first.
It didn't matter if that was just part of the game too because it worked. Michael's dick rolled in the boxers and decided that whether or not Michael was heartbroken, it wouldn't hurt to take a look. "Come, sit," the dark-haired woman patted a place on the bench right next to her and her bangles jingled on her slender, tan wrist. "I'm Isabella," she told him with a flutter of black lashes that could have been a wink. "Izzy," she added with a shrug as he might as well know.
Michael felt the weight of the man beside him as they sat down simultaneously. It was heady, all this closeness and his pulse drummed in his throat from fear and desire and it felt like he was walking just a little too close to the edge. "Michael," he offered, eyes riveted on Izzy and her hair and her long nails and the line between her pert, perfect breasts that shone with the humidity.
She lit the joint and took a deep drag. She held her breath as she made the last introduction. "Just like my husband, Miguel."
Same name, no less. Husband no less, Michael nodded as he took the lit cigarette and filled his lungs with the rich, aromatic smoke. What did one say to the husband in this situation, Michael wondered as he choked back the cough that shivered down his back. He was drowning, lost in the sea of smoke and the need for something that he'd never given a name to and then there was that ache in his lungs as he tried not to exhale.
Miguel said it for him, "Isabella is too hot for one man to handle, don't you think?" His accent was thick and his voice was deep and every. word sounded exotic. Michael sputtered as the smoke left him in a sudden, violent cough.
They all laughed at him and his virgin lungs. Virgin everything, really, Michael nodded in agreement as he passed the joint to the man behind him. Their fingers lingered longer than he meant to touch and Michael's face was hot as he tried to take his hand away. It was just all the liquor and now the weed, it was making him fumble, the whole world had slowed down except for his pulse.
No, that wasn't true, Michael realized as he drew his hand back slowly. That was just a lie that the staccato pitter patter of his heart laughed at. He couldn't contradict this drumroll that he felt might just beat right out of his chest, this catch in his throat, this sensation that went down into his belly and pulled everything into a tight knot. Two men.
What would happen?
"Isabella spied you at the bar as soon as we came in," Miguel's melodious voice continued, "And she can't be talked out of something, once she has the urge." Her husband said urge with all of the power that the would implied. "Say that you'll go with us to this party tonight," Miguel added as if there was no other answer but yes.
He passed his wife the joint. Izzy held it between two slender fingers and drew the paper up to her shining lips as she looked Michael in the eye. This is the face she'd make, he knew it now. He could feel it and it made him all hot and sweaty under his clothes. It was the hungry face that she'd make when she unzipped him and reached in to grasp his cock with her greedy hands. Right in front of Miguel. "Yes, you have to come," did she linger over the word come, or was it just his imagination? It was all beginning to become a little technicolor around the edges, something like the nightmare acid trips that he'd seen in movies.
Michael felt her blow the smoke into his mouth before he realized what she was doing. After his face had been washed in the rich marijuana redolence, he opened his mouth and drank it down. He took in her breath in a gulp and it filled up his body with something that was much more than smoke. It was her perfume and her curls and the earthy smell of her wet pussy and her glittering eyes and her nakedness that beamed through the space. It didn't matter that she was dressed, she would always seem naked and raw like this. It was almost pornographic just to stare.
Just as the word, "Yes," began to emerge from his helpless mouth, Michael felt Miguel move closer. He was behind him and the muscles in the man's chest pressed against Michael's back. There was the unmistakable heat that emanated from between his legs, the presence of him touching Michael.
The yes became just a sigh, but it was clearly an acquiescence. There was no denying it, as mesmerizing as Isabella was, Michael was powerfully drawn to her husband's flame just as surely as anything else that had ever called to him.
The black-haired woman laughed and her bangles jingled on her arms as she placed her forearms on Michael's shoulders. He wondered for a moment if she would leave the jewelry on when they fucked. He thought that they would play a tune as she grabbed him harder for more. "Let's go to the car then, Michael," she purred before her tongue darted out to taste his bottom lip. It wasn't a kiss as much as she was savoring his flavor. There was something predatory about it as if she would just as soon eat him after mating. He wasn't sure if he should tell her that it was a little frightening until he felt the bite on the back of his neck. Miguel's teeth, pointy and hard, nibbled right into the soft, vulnerable place just under his hairline. Instantly, Michael felt the hair on the back of his neck stand at attention as if every inch of his body needed to warn him.
He was still hard as a rock though.
***
Michael watched everything and nothing at the same time. It was sensory overload and yet, he could feel the passion course through his body in waves, slowly, as everything was brought to a very intentional simmer.
There were two couples in the middle of the stage. So much naked flesh just three feet from where the alcove that he shared with Miguel and Isabella stopped and the public space began. Here in the alcove, they were in shadow with black, sheer drapes. It created almost a cave around them. They could shut the curtains entirely and with it, sink into their own world and leave the circus outside. Of course, Michael realized with a dry gulp and a sudden exhale, that Izzy would never consider shutting them. She wanted them all to see the display, the show that was entirely Isabella.
The couples on the stage had swapped. The white, middle-aged husband had passed his wife off to another man. She was a voluptuous, red-haired beauty with a full, crimson pout and a heart-shaped bottom, pale and pretty. The new lover was a burly, bald black man who almost growled as he sunk his thick, strong fingers into her white, doughy cheeks. She shrieked, almost as if she were scared but he knew that it was really delight. Either way, Michael leaned forward in his seat and was unable to tear his eyes from the fingerprints the black lover had left behind.
Something for her husband to see later; a ghostly trail, a memory of the other and all the places that he'd been. Izzy's warm breath on his neck brought Michael back to their nook and the pile of black, velvet pillows that they had sunk into. There was the scent of three people's chemicals that mixed with the wine and with the electric sex that perfumed the air around them. "Someone's a voyeur," she giggled and drew Michael back into her arms. She didn't have to say, "keep your eyes on me," because her eyes did that for her. She was mesmerizing him with that sultry gaze, unwavering, unashamed. Isabella knew exactly what she wanted and she had taken it, right in front of Miguel.
Her husband watched silently as Izzy's hips undulated back and forth across the fabric, almost as if she were masturbating, using the couch to pleasure herself. Michael knew that it was possible and he also knew that she wasn't wearing panties. On the car ride over, Isabella had slid her dress up to her waist, to show Michael as well as her husband, as well as, Michael was quick to remember, the limo driver, that she was bare and warm and slick and ready.
9
Isabella guided Michael's anxious hand to her cunt as she turned to face her husband. "God, I love you," she whispered in a voice that was far away and echoed with a wildness that made Michael's cock thrash in his pants. He gasped as his two fingers made a quick study of her clipped trail of crisp pubic hair. Isabella was wet all the way up to her flat, taut belly and Michael felt the muscles of her inner thighs shiver as he wound his way to her soaking wet entry. The black-haired woman moaned into Miguel's mouth as Michael pushed two fingers deep inside, far deeper than the voice in his head told him that a first thrust should be.
He wasn't listening to that voice anymore. In fact, the sound had been turned down on everything. The black man on the stage was a million miles away. Even if Michael knew that he was on his knees, balls deep in the redhead. Even if he could hear her feet make a steady slap on his chest, a sound of skin on skin just like her plump cheeks did against his muscular legs as he ravaged her. There was nothing else but Izzy's wetness.
It was just the quiet rush of the chemicals inside, the bubbles of air, and the technicolor display of fireworks that made everything else fade to black. With his left hand, he fingered the wife and with his right hand, Michael unzipped himself right there, in front of the husband. Let Miguel see, let him see the thick, silver band of precum that his wife had teased from Michael's slit. Let him see the steady bob of the head of his pulsating cock. It would be the same cock that would soon replace the two fingers that were making her quiver now as Miguel sucked on her tongue and wrapped his hand around her throat.
Miguel released her with a bite that Michael knew would leave a mark and Izzy howled. She shook her head and her long, black curls rained across both men. Michael knew that it was a sound of pain but her pussy had gushed in his palm at the sensation of her husband's teeth. Good to know; she wanted it rough.
Isabella reached backward and her fingers naturally found the damp thickness of Michael's dick, as if she'd known it all along. As if she'd touched him a hundred times before. His breath came out in a whoosh and Michael wondered for a second if he just would cum in her hand, just like this. He didn't really want to shoot like this. Even if she was begging for his copious, salty load all over her forearm and her glittering, red nails and her tight dress. He ached to ruin the dress with a strange man's seed. He bucked his hips in response to that idea and groaned from somewhere deep in his own alcove. It was there that Michael could see in his mind's eye as he imagined watching as Izzy licked up a mouthful of his pearly discharge and then kissed her husband once more. Deeply and with abandon, covered in slick lust.
The air was knocked out of him.
Michael gasped, desperate to hang on to something but there was no way that he was withdrawing his fingers from her dripping snatch. Especially not as her bottom had just picked up the pace and she'd just squeezed so tightly around the vibrato that his two fingers insisted on playing. Her hand on his manhood was unbearably good and if he'd been able to draw a breath, Michael would have told her that she had to slow down. He would have insisted that she let him wait. He just needed a moment. It was almost as if her fingers had decided to take what belonged to them and his body wasn't sure if it didn't want to fight her for it. He wasn't sure when he stopped breathing but for a moment, Michael understood why they called it la petite mort. Was it the waves of pleasure or the lack of oxygen; either way, he had slipped into a place of absolute silence.
***
If this was death, it sure was fucking loud; much louder than Michael had imagined that it would be. Something squeaked, like wheels that needed lubrication. Someone far away in the background droned on about weather. On top of it, there was that voice over the loudspeaker, code something or other. He didn't believe in heaven or hell but he'd thought that the after life would be peaceful and empty.
And what was on his arm? Tendrils? Wires? Finger like waves of something that reached up his forearm and bicep and inched ever closer to his heart. He raised up with a gasp as he came back into his body with a rush of cold air.
"Oh Jesus!" Katie cried out. She sounded panicky and her long, golden curls flew back over her shoulders as she sat upright in the green, leather chair. She looked disheveled and Michael wondered if the chair hadn't served as her bed. Her eyeliner was two black rings around her eyes and mascara dripped down her cheeks as if she had sobbed and just wiped it off with her forearm. Even like this, hair askew, face a mess, pale and frightened, she was nothing short of lovely.
"Katie Kit Kat," Michael whispered the old nickname and found that they were holding hands. He thought he dead and yet here he was, fingers entwined with the blood pressure clip on his first finger nestled into her palm. There had been tendrils of her hair but there were also wires. There were needles that were poked into a bulging, blue vein and things beeped and dripped and it all came back, like the remnants of a dream that he'd tried to get back to after the alarm jolted him into the morning.
"Uncle Mike," she looked concerned and bit her bottom lip. Her blue-green eyes were decidedly more green when filled with tears.
Fuck, she must know. Pity was worse than never talking to her again, almost worse. Michael tried to sit up but it was impossible. He felt like an elephant was on his chest, some invisible, insurmountable object pinned him to the hospital bed. Dammit, he'd rather that she remembered him skirting out the door with his tail between his legs than pumped full of morphine. He didn't want her to remember him as a gray remnant of a person; barely a person, probably more cancer than anything else by now.
"I'm sorry, Katie," he apologized and rubbed his thumb across the back of her baby soft hand. He was sorry for everything. Sorry that he couldn't pull her hand up to his mouth and kiss it reverently, the proper greeting for a lover. Sorry that he'd left her alone. Sorry that he hadn't told her the whole story while they hid behind the gossamer curtains of her canopy bed.
She shook her head and her hair tumbled with her. Her golden waves cascaded across her shoulders and Michael noticed the swell of breasts in the front of a pink tee-shirt that clung to her mounds like a second skin. "Miss Congeniality" it read, across her ample bosom and he felt the stir in the front of his crisp, cotton hospital gown. Yes, she was, Miss Congeniality on top of everything else and now his only regret was that he wasn't going to have enough time to really get to know his goddaughter properly. "You should be sorry," she said in a somber voice, and then broke into a giggle. "Good thing I called you and the nurse answered. Otherwise you'd be passed out in here all by yourself," she shook her head no, like she was suddenly the adult and he was the irresponsible one. "Hasn't anyone told you not to take drinks from strangers?"
He gulped hard and it hurt. His throat was parched and he felt his Adam's apple scrape along his insides like a fingernail. "What do you mean?" he asked as his body pushed up from the bed a little. He was getting his strength back, at least enough to almost sit up. Maybe he'd be able to wrap his arms around her, a long goodbye before he faded away.
"You got roofied," she tried not to laugh but it spilled out anyway. Her breasts shook under the tee shirt, her cheeks were pink, her eyes were full of light. God she was young and new and perfect and radiant and Michael felt himself smile even though he didn't understand the joke.
The squeaky wheels stopped outside and the door opened. A nurse in navy blue scrubs entered the room with a cart that was loaded with a computer monitor and gloves and any number of contraptions for the sick and dying. "Mr. Fleming, I see you're finally awake," she barely looked at him before returning to the screen. "Hopefully you learned your lesson," she continued in a no- nonsense voice, strict and straight to the point.
Yeah, like the lesson about dying right as your life was getting good? You mean that one, you heartless bitch, Michael wondered to himself as he gave her a polite smile and struggled to sit up fully. He'd at least look her in the eye. "My lesson?" he repeated. As soon as he could stand, he was out of this place. He'd promised himself, no more doctors, no more treatments.
She approached him with the thermometer out like a weapon. It was a sharp, little dagger of metal, attached to a wire that she set in his mouth without asking. "Close please," she chirped, meaning shut your mouth and Michael immediately obeyed. There was something about the nurse that inspired that kind of mindless obedience. "Yes, your lesson. Don't take drinks from strangers," the nurse told him in a flat voice like she'd said it a thousand times before. "Your niece knows," the nurse gestured to Miss Congeniality and smiled.
"You mean, it's not the cancer?" Michael asked as soon as she'd removed the thermometer.
The nurse squinted and shook her head as if to say that he was crazy but she probably wasn't allowed to say that word here. "Cancer? What are you talking about?" she went back to the large screen on the cart that Michael imagined held all of the intimate information about the comings and goings of his body. "No, there's nothing like that here," she told him as her eyes scanned the screen. "Your blood work came back with nothing but an elevated alcohol level and the Rohypnol, of course. You should be fine in another day," she assured him before she backed the cart out, back to the hall and to the next patient.
Once they were alone again, Katie leaned in close, touching him and making him crazy. Her scent enveloped Michael and her soft breasts pressed against his arm. Then there were those eyes, those crazy, hypnotic eyes that pulled him in like an undercurrent. He couldn't possibly know that he was in danger until he was already much too deep. "I'm glad that I'm here with you," she whispered and her hot breath mixed on his cool skin and made the sparse hair on his arm rise up and take notice.
"Me too," he kept it short. He didn't want to scare her off with a full confession of just how much if a wreck he'd been without her.
"So where are you going when they let you out?" Katie twisted a blonde curl around one dainty finger, as if the answer mattered.
There was definitely unfinished business. Michael could hardly continue the aimless vacation to death if he wasn't actually going to die, could he? Fuck, what if Dr. Gregory were actually wrong? God, it would almost be worth it to tell him and watch the smug superiority melt into a puddle, leaving nothing but a white coat behind.
Then again, what if he got his hopes up for nothing? Just to have them dashed again. He reached for Katie's hand and wove his fingers with hers. Steady and sure and warm and alive; something worth holding onto.
"I have to go to Chicago, just for a visit," Michael paused, could he do it? Actually ask her instead of just wish that he had when there was an empty seat next to him? Asking made it real though. Like explaining to his best friend, only friend, why he was fucking his blonde mermaid of a daughter. "Wanna come with?" He said it fast, like he just thought of it, being the spontaneous, devil may care guy that he was.
Her crooked grin was almost enough to bring him to a full on erection, even here, even like this. "Can we go to Superdawg?" She jumped a little in her chair, as if the thought of a hot dog was enough to convince her.
"Anything you want, Katie Kit Kat," Michael promised.
***
Here he was again, Michael thought, breaking his promise. His backside, once again exposed in the ridiculous hospital gown as he sat on the stiff paper that covered the vinyl bench in the exam room. At least this time he was going to see Dave instead of Doctor Death. He'd rather take bad news from a friend any day.
"Mike, how are you man?" His doctor came into the room with a grin and a handshake that was part hug. He clasped Michael's forearm and Michael could smell the antibacterial soap that his friend must have used right before entry. Dave's face was furrowed with lines, laugh lines and forehead creases and a hundred other crags and valleys that he hadn't had when Michael first came to this office. Back then, neither of them had been gray either.
Back then, both of them thought they were going to live forever too.
"You tell me," Michael said with an involuntary shiver.
Dave took a seat on the short stool with wheels and flipped open the thick beige folder that had been Michael's medical record until he'd been foisted off on the oncologist. "Not a trace of cancer, Mike," Dave's eyes sparkled like a kid in a candy store. "Your blood work looks great," he let out a laugh, almost a snort. "I've got thirty-year-olds in here whose stats aren't that good."
Michael gulped down the explanation that he almost blurted out, couldn't help himself. Could it really be possible that the cure for cancer was to be found on the quiet end of the French Quarter? Two young Cajun girls would beseech the unknown for your life in the misty shadows of the candlelit shack.
No, it couldn't be that easy. "But Doctor Gregory said there was no hope," he trailed off. He would never forget that day and the stillness of the room, the suffocating quiet that choked down a lifetime of regret.
Dave looked around as if he needed to check that it was still just the two of them. "Well fuck him," he cracked a grin. "I mean, I know what they say about him, but maybe he was wrong. Maybe he had the wrong chart."
"But."
"I mean, he's human right?"
Michael wondered, not likely. Doctor Gregory seemed entirely alien, if Dave was asking.
He remembered now. Yes, the girls with the caramel skin and the braids had been a distraction, a sensual delight, plunged headfirst into voodoo and a carnal rush that made his blood boil. But, lest he forget, first came the statue, the offering. The altar of Marie Leveau, covered in trinkets and baubles and money and beads. The altar and the heartbeat that had emanated from it, or perhaps from the very ground beneath them. Michael had given something that held no worldly significance, no value whatsoever and yet, it was everything.
A life for a life.
"Michael, you okay?" Dave interrupted. "You aren't going to freak out on me or anything, right?"
"I don't know," Michael murmured, more to himself, more to the memory and the tremor of the other life that had passed through him that day. Was it faith? Was it the same drive that brought the faithful to their knees?
"Think of it like this," Dave wanted to provide a reasonable explanation for a miracle. "He was wrong but he did you a favor, right? I mean aren't we all supposed to live like we're dying? And here you are, fit as a fiddle and," his friend dropped his voice and elbowed Michael conspiratorially, "Maggie said there's a lovely blonde waiting for you in reception."
He raised his eyebrows as if to ask all the questions that came with someone as delicious as Katie.
Michael nodded, he'd keep it to himself then. The piece of paper that he'd left behind was just the old photo that he'd saved. A picture of himself, right out of college. He and a cubicle mate had taken turns with their feet on the desk, leaning back in the buttery, soft leather of the CEO's chair. For most of his life, that picture had represented everything Michael had ever wanted to be.
He gave it to Marie. Gave it up for a chance. Fuck, it had totally been worth it too.
"So who is she?" Dave wanted to know, eyes wide, ready for the salacious details.
Michael shook his head no, that was something else he'd keep to himself as well. At least until he'd had a chance to really kiss the golden mermaid of his dreams. "She's just my goddaughter, Dave," he assured the doctor. As if Katie could be just anything.
***
"So?" She asked him, as if they'd been having a conversation already. Katie sounded a little impatient, as if she'd been waiting for him to answer for a while.
"So?" Michael repeated with his hands behind his back. He was pressed up against the bedroom door and his heart hammered a million miles an hour. He felt like he'd just run a marathon but really, he was just alone in the bedroom with the girl he loved.
Fuck, that was something he never did either. Now that it wasn't just a fleeting thing, a wet dream wrapped in gossamer curtains and the glow of candlelight. Now that he wasn't half dead; where did that leave him and Katie Kit Kat?
"Don't you ever take a bath in this gorgeous tub?" That wasn't the question or the answer that consumed Michael's mind at the moment. The bathroom was spectacular, he guessed. The white, porcelain soaking tub was in the center of the master bathroom. It faced the floor to ceiling windows that looked out over the Chicago river. The light spilled across the gray and gold marble floor and made the whole room sparkle.
Michael had never appreciated it, he headed straight for the shower every time. There were so many little details that he'd missed out on.
Katie kept her blue green eyes on his, same color as the river, the same color that Michael saw everywhere he went since he'd found himself drowning in her heated gaze the first time. She reached for the bottom of her Strokes tee shirt and pulled it up slowly. She tugged it up, past her creamy belly. He saw that her skin was tinged with pink as if the heat of her sex had penetrated every pore. Up again, another three inches to the shiny band of her black bra. Then up, over her head and she shook her wild, golden hair free, like a triumphant pony who had just thrown her rider.
Jesus Christ, was Katie going to strip right here? Michael wasn't sure if he could let go of the wall to close the gap between them. His breath came too fast and his feet didn't move, he felt cemented in place as a tsunami of lust came over him.
Teenage girl seduction. He shivered on the inside and his body frozen and damp with sweat all at the same time. Michael watched helplessly as she wound her small fingers around the clasp at the center of her soft, bell shaped breasts. Time stopped as she twisted the lock that kept her succulent curves strapped into the fabric and then she freed herself of the contraption.
"Fuck," he mumbled as Katie peeled her bra off and tossed it to the floor.
Katie smirked and turned, slowly, deliberately, as if she needed to make sure that Michael was going to follow. Clearly she had no idea what kind of a hold she had over him. His feet moved toward her flash of golden curls and her bare back with the indentation that ran the length of her spine, into the waistband of the cut off shorts that left almost nothing to the imagination.
Katie bent over the ledge of the tub and pushed down the stopper. Her shorts couldn't contain her fleshy cheeks and Michael couldn't make himself look away. He had such fond memories, he had memorized the feel of her ass, the weight of it. His eyes watched the crease under each cheek as well as an inch or two of the most velvety flesh imaginable peeked out.
Her ass. Michael made a noise, it couldn't be helped but he quickly bit his lip to keep all the rest of the animal noises that he needed to make down inside. His fingers could still feel her warmth and her softness there. He'd memorized her scent and her taste in those moments that might as well have gone on forever. He was sure a piece of him was still on his knees, back in Savannah.
Katie stood up once more and unbuttoned the denim shorts. Once again, it was a struggle. It was an impossible choice; where to put his eyes, how to stop himself from falling to his knees. Michael wanted to start his worship with her toes, tiny, little things with a dab of pink, sparkly nail polish on each nail.
He'd start there and work his way up. Maybe next week, he'd be up to her thighs.
The sound of the zipper was louder than even the pulse that drummed in his ears. He was a beast, he was nothing more than impulse and scent. He thought that his hearing was more acute, his eyes were on the hunt. He was famished after a lifetime of starvation. The Fuck It list had been just a snack, an appetizer; something to pique his lips and tongue. This was what he'd been waiting for. Head over heels in love.
She had to shake her hips to get the shorts off. Her round, Reubanesque fullness was squeezed unmercifully into the tight fabric. The shorts came free past her thick thighs and then dropped in a puddle at her feet.
Just like Michael wanted to.
Cotton candy colored bikini panties were the last strip of fabric between her and completely bare. Michael felt his teeth sink into his knuckles as he bit back the throaty, guttural noises that could frighten a little, blonde mermaid into doing something rash, like changing her mind.
Katie asked, in a low voice, just above a whisper, as if they could be caught at any minute, "Do you like my panties?"
Michael shook his head yes. It was impossible to speak but his cock strained in the front of his Dockers, it wanted so badly for her to know the truth.
The back and forth shimmy of her hips once more was like a magic spell. The wisp of fabric was buried in her folds and covered in her honey and Michael could smell her wetness once the pink material slid down the creamy length of her calves.
Katie giggled, even as young as she was, even now, with Michael riveted in place, she knew exactly what she was doing to him. Every move was a technicolor explosion of his most secreted passions. One calf up, the toes dipped in the steaming water, then her bottom bounced as Katie moved into the tub. Her breasts, buoyant with her tiny, rosebud nipples wet and glistening on the surface.
"Will you do me a favor, Michael?" She hadn't called him that since he had touched her between her legs. This must be serious.
"Yes."
"Wash me," her voice was a woman's voice but that face, that was pure innocence. She was a naked angel. The combination was nothing short of intoxicating and there was no other choice but to obey. Michael felt his legs take over, they made decisions that his mind couldn't quite handle. He dropped to his knees beside the tub and Katie placed the dry sponge in his hand. Dry like his throat and anxious for her juices.
He dipped his hand into the water and felt the sponge swell. His cock was fully out of his briefs and it moved for her, anxious and needy.
"Are you going to tell me about the doctor?" Katie asked in a small voice and he pushed a handful of her thick golden mane back over her shoulder. The water streamed down her arm and he dipped once more into the tub.
So he'd tell her the story, the one that he never believed he'd live to repeat. "A couple of years ago, I found out that I had cancer."
"What kind?"
The kind that kills you. "Lung cancer." He took a long, slow breath and let the air fill up his belly. There had been a time that he had craved air instead of food, he had ached to feel fullness in his chest like he did now. Although now, he suspected it was his heart, maybe about to burst.
"Fuck," Katie murmured and drew her legs up, like she needed protection.
"Yeah, pretty much fucked," Michael continued. It felt like he was telling a story, something that happened a long time ago, to someone else altogether. Michael's fingertips skimmed along her wet back and traced bits of wet hair along her arms, erasing anything from the past. "So I did radiation treatments, all the chemo, and had two surgeries."
"Wow."
"And my oncologist told me that I maybe had six months to live," his hand trembled but not from the story. Michael ran the sopping sponge along the crease under her breast and just the feel of her satin skin as it brushed his knuckles was electric. "So I made a list," his face was warm and he wished that he could just leave that part out. It seemed so far away now, even though it had been the very thing that had led him to her, like a wish upon a star. "Of all the things I wanted to do before I died."
Katie was covered in goosebumps and she leaned in closer, her warm breath on his upper lip. "Uh huh," she nodded, her damp tendrils plastered to her cheeks and neck.
"A list of sexual things," Michael stopped, mid sponge, hesitated there as if to anticipate the moment when Katie would wave him away. Pervert, you fucking pervert, he almost expected her to berate him since it sounded so twisted.
She giggled, "Really?"
Maybe it wasn't so bad, Michael told himself. After all, she was the one who brought up anal as casually as some would talk about the weather. His cool, weed-smoking, devil may care goddaughter, the twinkle in her eye hinted that she'd like to know what he'd written down. Maybe even what had been checked off.
"Am I on there? I mean, us?" Katie nibbled her bottom lip.
Michael's fingers came to life as he delved into the water and pressed the wet sponge along her inner thigh. Their mouths were close, every word was like kissing and yet, he still hadn't kissed his golden girl. He shook his head and inched closer, his mouth begged for her, wordless, his body beseeched this beautiful girl to wet his lips with her tongue.
"Why not?" Katie's legs opened for him in the water. Her gentle sigh was an invitation for him to explore. His hand was a deep sea diver. His sponge moved from her inner thigh to the crease along her creamy, outer lips, those tiny little things that he'd fallen instantly in love with one afternoon in Savannah.
Michael washed her gently with the sponge the full length of her lips and felt the shiver of her want bubble up to the surface. Katie surrendered immediately and her thighs slapped in the water as she pushed her hips forward for more. His hand followed her direction immediately and pushed the sponge back and then up, a soft swipe with the rough sponge around her bulging, pink pearl. The one that made his mouth water when he looked at it. The one that made Katie Kit Kat sing when he worshiped her with his tongue. Here he was, masturbating his goddaughter in the tub, something he would never have dreamt to put on the list.
"Well, because this is different," he said, and could feel the smile that he couldn't contain on his face. Katie rubbed herself in his hand. She played with herself for him and her hips wound in the water in a slow, sensual circle and her body strummed the sponge in perfect rhythm.
"Why is it different?" she wanted to know with those blue-green eyes riveted on him, those eyes that could make him say anything.
"Because I love you."
It was Katie's kiss. She took control and no matter how many kisses Michael may have had in a lifetime, kissing for far longer than Katie had been alive, there was nothing, not a trace of anything in all those previous kisses that prepared him for this. Her mouth, her silky, hot open mouth pressed into his, and then her tongue, her slippery, small tongue dripped her saliva into his parted mouth, as if she had found him in the desert and was bringing him back to life. Her breath, her wet fingers in his hair, the water soaking through his shirt, her shoulders, bare and pressed against his chest. Katie kissed him with every inch of her body. Even her pussy opened to take him in. The little mewling noises that she made in the back of her throat made it seem as if she were even surprised.
She ended the kiss as well, with a long, hot pant, a breath that painted his face and left him, silent, frozen. Michael's mouth was still open as if it had forgotten what else it did.
"You do love me, don't you?" Katie leaned back on her hands in the water. Her swollen nipples pointed to the ceiling and the afternoon sun illuminated her nakedness.
"God, yes," he whispered. Fuck it, there was no denying it, no protecting himself. It was his heart and she'd opened it and there was nothing else to do but buy the ticket and take the ride.
"Do it with your hand," she quivered as she pushed her hips into the sponge. "Do it with your fingers," Katie almost cried with want.
Michael promised himself right then that he'd never make her beg for anything. He tossed the sponge aside in the tub and reached forward. He slipped two bare fingers along the hot, openness of her lips. Her clitoris was completely on display and if she weren't in the water, he could see it in all of its shimmering glory. It was enough to trace a circle around it and watch his mermaid writhe with ecstasy.
"Yes," she whimpered and pushed her hips up to meet every touch as her mouth melded into his. It was a symphony of her body. Her breath inside him, her tongue met his, the velvet ribbon of her tongue wrapped with his, famished and longing to be fed. The steady rhythm of her butt as it hit the water, the staccato slap of her skin as she let her Uncle Mike masturbate her for the very first time.
Michael was out of breath as his fingers picked up the pace. Her pleasure was his pleasure and his swollen dick had wet the front of his pants through completely. He could smell the musky scent of his need. His balls were hot and full and when she cried into his mouth, he almost thought that it had come from him. Something deep down, maybe from his heart, a sob of surprise because he'd never thought it could be like this.
Katie shivered and slid her hips up so that his fingers almost slipped inside. Michael pulled them back up slowly, the warm water sliced open so that he'd touch her from her molten, hot opening all the way back up to her clit. It was a needy stone, hard and pointed and full of teenage lust and he ached to make her cum so hard that he would feel her body sealed into his palm.
She gripped his forearm with her tiny fingers, surprisingly strong and he knew that he'd have ten marks from her nails as she dug in and rode him. The water slapped up the sides of the tub and cascaded over the edge. Michael knelt in a puddle that seeped through the knees, he was soaking wet and nothing mattered. Let them make a lake, let him be covered in wetness, let him writhe in the flood of her passion. "God," she cried out as she parted her thighs just a little more, just to open up for him and give him the easiest of access. Katie's head went back and her thick, blonde mane dipped into the water. The sounds that came from her were there, from her throat, deep and hoarse and it wasn't really words anymore, just an echo of sounds that meant she was about to burst.
"Cum for me, Katie," Michael groaned, his fingers played her flesh with finesse and the pad of his middle finger made a perfect vibrato on a girl's most intimate places. His goddaughter's whole body blossomed as the note that he drew from her crescendoed.
It was just her eyes at that moment and the blue-green haze and the heat that came from Katie was an ocean wave that was far overhead and threatened to drown them both. Michael didn't care. He didn't even think and maybe he didn't even breathe as he was utterly consumed by the shudder between her legs and the carnal knowledge that his hand had now of the most goddamn beautiful girl he'd ever seen.
"Yes!" Katie called and clamped her inner thighs around his hand. She held him tight as her hips gripped and flexed and her body melded with his. Every inch of her shook as the orgasm wound its way down and up. Her eyes melted, her breath came in gulps and shudders and her breasts heaved with a heartbeat that had no choice but to respond to his rhythm.
This was everything. One person, like this, Michael thought, even if it was his hand, even if it was his fingers that were baptized in her creamy cum. It didn't have to be his cock, although his erection disagreed entirely and throbbed on his thigh. Even like this with his hand, it was even more intimate maybe because he'd watched it all, and felt her quiver from his touch. He'd made the most beautiful girl in the world cum and he couldn't help but smile.
"Oh, Katie," Michael whispered, his fingers withdrawn. Now they were just tender, a soft meander along the place where her thigh and hip met. It was a slow journey along her curves, a lifetime for his hand from thigh to waist and then back down. "Honey, that was," her mouth was so close, every word was another kiss.
She finished the sentence for him. "Amazing."
Like maybe even more amazing than discovering that instead of being the walking dead, he had the whole rest of his life before him. Like he'd woken up from a bad dream just to find her there in his tub.
"Take me to bed, Michael," Katie Kit Kat said in a breathy voice and it wasn't a question and there was no girlish hesitation. She was a woman like this, little Miss Congeniality had grown up suddenly there in the water, on his fingers, guiding him to her lusty desire. In the bed would be perfect.
She stood and Michael watched as the silver streams of bathwater ran along every inch of her body. From her neck, rivulets of water between her breasts, caressed her belly, careened down her hips, little tributaries slipped to her calves. This should be his tongue, Michael thought from his vantage point, on his knees, about to beg to drink the bathwater from her skin. This should be his tongue and his fingers and his breath and his sighs, marking her, whispering into the backs of her knees and the bend of her elbows. Painting the veins at her wrists and ankles with his mouth.
She reached for the thick, gray velvety towel that was just behind him and Michael hummed as her wet forearm grazed his shoulder. He was wet, pants ruined, shirt damp, there was nothing to do but undress. Unlike the Michael of old, the Michael who would have waited until they were safely under the covers with the lights off, the Michael who would have undressed in the dark and held his breath and hoped that she touched him, the old Michael was gone.
This new Michael, the bold one, the one that had decided to live every day like there was a notebook with a list of things that needed doing before he couldn't, kept his eyes on Katie as she jiggled and dabbed at her voluptuous curves. He tugged his shirt off over his head quickly, so he didn't miss one moment of her skin on display. He opened his belt with nimble fingers and unzipped in one fast movement and let his pants fall to the wet marble tile.
Katie's smile was wicked and Michael felt the growl in the back of his throat as he dropped his boxers. The head of his cock had escaped long ago and ruined the underwear with precum. The full length of his dick was out and it wagged for her. He was so close that he could almost touch the incredible softness of her satin thigh with the molten tip.
Michael grabbed her hand, so small and sweet in his own and he pressed himself into her palm. Now it was his turn to give himself over to her, to ache in her fingers, to feel the tremor of need grip his body and send a shudder all the way down to his toes.
Katie dropped the towel and took a step forward. She was the perfect height to close her thighs around his girth as her hips snuggled into his body. On her tiptoes, she slipped her arms around his neck and her bubble gum breath sighed into him as her nipples nestled against his chest. It was an embrace unlike anything Michael had ever experienced before and he wasn't sure if he could hold back from splattering her silky thighs with an orgasm that had been churning away there ever since Savannah.
The one that came from his heart.
Her mouth parted and Katie's tongue lapped along Michael's bottom lip, just to tease his mouth open for her. His hands knew what to do, they ran down to her bottom and found home in her familiar, round cheeks, the ones that were burned into his memory. The ones that he'd parted with his fingers and the tasty, little center that he'd made love to with abandon and he pressed his dick into her, fully and dripped a salty stream of pentup need down her legs. She was an angel like this in his arms. Her delicious tongue, her sweet breath, her heart hammered against his chest so that Michael was no longer sure if it was his heartbeat or hers. Where she stopped and he started, or if he'd ever left the four poster bed or her candlelit room.
"Come on," Michael guided her in a deep, authoritative voice that surprised him. "I can't wait any more," he confessed as they moved as one from the bathroom into the bedroom. The bed was perfectly tucked and pristine white. The Egyptian cotton sheets were crisp and the linen spread was tucked and it looked like a picture in a magazine. It was a virgin bed. He'd never done anything in it and really, he thought as he bent his blonde mermaid back and dipped her low onto the mattress, it was really a virgin life. Just blank pieces of paper in a notebook, pages and pages for her sweet body to write on.
He lay her down in the center of the bed and just for a moment, before he devoured her, before he filled her and fucked her like he'd never imagined he could, Michael took in the picture of her. Her golden body, her rosebud nipples, her fleshy thighs, open and inviting and those demure, little lips that he remembered were drawn back. Katie's inner lips were deep red and swollen and glistened in the afternoon light with the traces of her passion, spent in his hand.
"Fuck," he groaned as his knee touched the sheets. He crawled to her and it seemed appropriate. He felt like a disciple, like one of the faithful who crept along the pathway as they prayed to their goddess. Michael hovered over her and his legs brushed her inexorable softness and his fingers moved from her shoulders to her face. "God, Katie Kit Kat," the nickname tumbled out, even now, even like this when he was about to consume her. "I love you," it came without hesitation, a prayer, the words that had crossed his heart.
Hope to die.
Katie trembled and pushed her drenched little sex up against the head of his cock, so needy and warm, dripping and soft. "I love you," she whispered as he slipped inside.
She was tight and perfect, the silk of her wrapped around him completed. Katie engulfed Michael's dick in the rapturous feel of her, all the way down to his aching balls, all in one thrust. All at once, he filled her with every inch and yet, it was her eyes. It was her eyes and her breath and her luscious mouth that were altogether too much. Her lips parted just enough to let out those little kitten noises with every sigh. Katie wrapped her calves around him and drew him in, a goddess that demanded a sacrifice, famished and demanding her food, she cried out as Michael set his teeth and plunged home.
His hands gripped hers, held her to the bed, fingers woven between hers and set into the pillow. Michael pinned her to the bed and burrowed into her depths. He'd never fucked like this, never rutted like an animal, never had been this completely consumed.
He felt ferocious.
Her blue-green eyes fluttered and the sound that came from her, or maybe him, or maybe both of them together was from their entwined bodies. She clenched her slender, fairy fingers in his, her legs shook around his body and the bed pounded as their hips came together and parted and slammed together once more. Michael felt the wetness of her dripping down his simmering sack and all down his legs. He'd be covered in her first orgasm, her next orgasm, all of her orgasms. She'd already soaked the bed and the scent of sex, the animal scent of pheromones, the scent of sweat and desire and heat and craving hung in the air. It penetrated, lingered, and settled down into his very pores.
Katie's mouth was open and no sound came out. It didn't matter, Michael knew that look in her eyes, heavy, lusty, full of a little mermaid's almost innocent pleasure. He felt her toes tap against his backside and that was the beat of his heart, of the drumbeat of his pulse, of his body, of his whole body at the pinnacle, a split second before he erupted, before he came as he never had before.
"Michael," she managed to sob and that was his undoing. That beautiful Katie, the girl of his dreams, his sweet mermaid love, that she looked at him like that and gave herself like that and it was his name on her lips as she squeezed him tight inside and the churn of her sweet womanhood soaked him with her heat and her pleasure.
Fuck, yes, Katie Kit Kat, Michael felt the flood of his seed as it burst from his balls. The pressure shook his whole body. It made him cry out and made him scream something that was probably deep down inside, in his heart, locked away forever. He'd been waiting for so long.
Michael collapsed and pressed his sweat-covered face into the creases of Katie's neck as he panted and the orgasm continued to course through him and her and them together as their tangled limbs and hair and breath all melted into one. He kissed her vein just under her jaw, the one that was almost identical in color to her eyes and he felt her heartbeat reverberate in his mouth.
Even after he'd stopped cumming, even after his dick no longer pulsed and her cries had melted into a soft, steady breath, Michael was still inside her. Fingers bent and skin pressed, Michael closed his eyes and dreamt about a car ride to nowhere and Katie's long, blonde hair blowing in the wind.
***
It took her two days to ask but Michael had known that she would. Katie Kit Kat was curious about everything and he felt more than a little honored that she seemed to be very curious about him. Besides, the notebook was out in clear view on the nightstand. There was no hiding anything, not anymore.
"So this is the list?" She wiggled her eyebrows at him suggestively before she erupted into a fit of giggles that made her breasts shake in the tight, black Ramones tee shirt.
"Yeah," Michael admitted and lay very close with his arms around her. Like this, from behind, with her gorgeous, round cheeks pressed into his groin, he could very easily rise to the occasion once more even though they'd made love twice already since the sun had risen.
She let out a long, "hmmm," as she made her way down the column. Sure, she saw what he'd checked off, it was no secret, they didn't have secrets. Katie nibbled her full, bottom lip for a moment and then asked with a gleam in her eye, "What do you want to do next?"
Everything. Anything. A lifetime of things. He'd already fallen madly in love, which was the one thing that Michael had never written down but knew now, was the only thing he wanted. "Whatever you want, Katie," he told her.