This is a continuation of my first story 'Sarah Strips for the Boss'. You don't need to read that one first to follow, but it may help.
--------
The morning after Sarah's impromptu photo shoot with her now ex-boss, we were having breakfast while I filled her in on the details. Whilst she remembered most of what had happened, she was a little hazy on the specifics and said that she had gone into an almost trance-like state during the whole experience. Most of all she had seemed concerned about my reaction once the alcohol had worn off, and that she may have taken things too far. It didn't take much reassurance from me, and she could clearly tell during my retelling of the night that I had enjoyed it almost as much as her. Before long she was pressing me for more and more details, eager to hear how things had looked from my perspective.
I had to admit that it had surprised me how quickly my fiancée had taken to the idea of exposing herself to someone that she knew and worked with, but what surprised me the most was how much I had enjoyed it. I had lay awake almost the entire night replaying everything over and over in my head, and dreaming up new and exciting ways to explore this new fetish.
The next opportunity arose in the form of an old friend. Sarah and I had met at university and had travelled within the same group of friends, many of whom we had stayed in touch with in the years after. Sarah has always had an unassuming beauty. Whilst she dresses and acts modestly, there's always been this indescribable attraction about her that draws people towards her. Our friends at university were no exception and the single guys that we knew always shamelessly flirted with her and checked her out. It was always harmless teasing and nothing ever came of it, but I always enjoyed deep down knowing that these guys were lusting over my girlfriend.
Liam was one of these friends, and someone we'd known for a few years now. He'd been single for the vast majority of the time that we knew him and seemed to enjoy it that way. More time to 'play the field' as he said. More than most, he had always had the hots for Sarah and was far more obvious about it than the others. It was Liam who offered to help us pack up our apartment before we made our move interstate and gave us a place to sleep on our last night.
We managed to get everything packed in the single day, loading everything up into the moving van that we had hired. After closing up the van we all decided to have a quite night in at Liam's and have a few drinks. Of course it wasn't long before a few drinks turned into many and the three of us found ourselves quite tipsy at the end of the night. Sitting in Liam's apartment, the conversation eventually moved onto his photography. He mostly worked freelance on various advertising projects and odd jobs, but his real passion was in modeling. He said that until he could find some regular paying work it was just a hobby that he did on the side. Sarah seemed to be interested in this and asked if Liam could show us some of his portfolio. Gladly obliging, he brought us over to his home office.
The room was crammed full of high tech looking equipment and giant computer monitors. Liam explained that this was where he did most of his post-production work and editing. Firing up one of the computers, he began rapidly clicking through folders, bringing up image previews on the screen. Each image was of a different beautiful woman, scantly clad in lingerie or a tiny bikini. The photos were incredibly artistic, and I had to admit he had quite some talent.
"So are these all paid models?" I asked him.
"That's how I started off, yes," He replied, "but now almost all of the women that I shoot are amateurs. Usually you'd pay good money for a shoot like this, but I offer them a low rate and they usually jump at the chance. It works for me, I get to hone my skills and make money doing it."
He kept browsing through photos, from what I could see he had done shoots with dozens of different women.
"Do you ever do anything more explicit?" I asked. The question just kind of drunkenly slipped out.
"I'm glad you asked," Liam replied with a laughing sneer. "Here's one that I'm particularly proud of."
He closed down the open windows and brought up a new folder, opening it up to the first photo. The picture was of a stunning woman who looked to be in her mid thirties. She had shoulder length dark hair; olive skin and a distinctive Mediterranean look to her. She was dressed in a matching black lace bra and thong, leaning seductively in a doorway.
"I actually know this woman through work," Liam explained. "Her name's Liza, she was the lighting co-coordinator on a marketing photo shoot I did a few months back. We ended up working together on a few different projects and I got talking to her about my hobby. She mentioned that her anniversary was coming up with her husband and wanted to get him something special, so I put forward the idea of a boudoir photo shoot. I even offered to do it free of charge for her."
He started flicking through the photos, each one showing a different and more erotic pose.
"I always leave it up to the model to set the boundaries," Liam continued. "It's fun to see how far they want to take the shoot and how much they're willing to show off. I get the feeling her husband really enjoyed this anniversary."
Liam continued clicking through photos. The three of us stood in silence as one after the other, each photo began to show more and more skin. We moved through dozens of poses, until eventually Liam stopped on one. She was standing facing the camera, her right arm across her breasts, and her left hand covering her crotch.
"Oh my god," Sarah piped up. "She got completely nude in front of you?"
I turned to look at Sarah, but she was staring intently at the screen.
"That's putting it lightly," Liam replied with a laugh.
He clicked to the next photo and my heart skipped a beat. His beautiful coworker was now sitting on the floor, her legs parted and her hands resting on her bent knees. In this pose she was completely on display. The photo was such high quality that you could make out every detail. The slight goose bumps on her breasts, her small dark aureoles and rock hard nipples. With her legs parted there was an unobstructed view of her crotch. She had a neatly trimmed patch of dark pubic hair, and right in the middle you could clearly make out her inner pussy lips. She was staring directly at the camera, completely unashamed at her exposure.
"Had she ever modeled before?" I asked.
"Never," replied Liam. "I know what you're thinking, but you'd be surprise how confident some women can get in front of a camera after a couple of glasses of wine." He glanced over at the wine glass in Sarah's hand as he spoke.
Actually, I thought to myself, remembering Sarah's going-away drinks, no I wouldn't. I was sure that she was thinking the same thing, but I decided against mentioning anything. She was still staring dumbstruck at the commuter screen; a faint blush had risen to her cheeks.
Liam was staring at her also, a slight leer on his face. He seemed to be trying to work out what she was thinking; clearly enjoying the effect that this was having on his old friend.
"Here, let me show you the next one," he said, turning back to the computer.
Clicking once more, the photo on the screen changed. My heart skipped a beat and I heard Sarah sharply draw breath. The photo on the screen could only be described as pornographic. Liam's coworker was in the same position as before, only now one of her hands had slid down to her crotch. Using two fingers, she had parted her pussy lips, completely exposing her open vagina. You could make out every detail, from her clitoris down to the wetness that was slightly dripping from her opening. To complete the picture, she was now biting her bottom lip, eyes still fixed intently on the camera.
I was lost for words, but Sarah it seemed had finally found her voice.
"Holy shit..." I heard her whisper. Not taking her eyes off the screen, she seemed to be addressing Liam, who was staring back at her, a slight smile on his lips.
"I can't believe she posed for you like this!" Sarah said, talking more clearly now. "I mean, she's your coworker, she sees you constantly at work."
"Oh I know," laughed Liam, "I've gotta admit, whenever I see her now, I can't help but imagine what she's got hidden under those clothes. Of course I don't have to imagine. I actually have a couple of copies from this shoot on my phone." He laughed again, patting the pocket of his jeans.
"You keep them on your phone?" Sarah exclaimed, turning to face Liam. "This is a married woman and you just have photos of her naked and spread on your phone?"
"Oh yen, of course," he replied. "I mean, I give everyone I shoot a digital copy of all of the photos so they've got to assume that I keep the copies. At least no one has ever asked me to delete them."
"Do you ever show anyone the photos?" I asked him. "I mean apart from us obviously."
"Well I don't make a habit of it," Liam said shrugging, "But yeh, I've shown them on occasion. Actually this particular photo I showed to another guy that we work with. He was actually an intern working under Liza on another job that I did. She can be a bit of a hard ass and was working him like a dog on this shoot. I figured it might cheer him up to see his uptight boss' hairy cunt."
I flinched a little as he said the last word. Sarah had always hated that word and I expected her to say some something, but she had turned her attention back to the screen. She was blushing even more now, and seemed in a trance as she started at this beautiful woman and her spread open 'cunt'.
Liam just continued, oblivious to my reaction. "You should have seen this guy's face light up," he laughed, "I bet he'd never expected to see anything like that in a million years. He couldn't take his eyes off her for the rest of the day after that."
Liam seemed to find the whole thing pretty amusing. I couldn't deny to myself that his story had made me insanely aroused. The idea of this prim and proper woman being completely exposed to a subordinate in the workplace excited me beyond words.
"To be honest I reckon most of them like the idea of their photos being shared," Liam went on, now staring at Sarah, "I mean you don't squat and spread your muff for a camera unless you've got a bit of the exhibitionist streak in you. Are you shaved Sarah?"
The suddenness of his last question caught me off guard and seemed to snap Sarah back to reality. I knew Liam must be at least as tipsy as I was or he would have never asked a question like that.
"What?" said Sarah, turning to face Liam with a shocked expression on her face.
"Are you shaved? Does your pussy have hair on it?" he replied calmly, with an arrogant smirk on his face. "I'm just wondering. It always makes such a difference during the shoot when the model is shaved. Not that I've got any problem with girls having public hair, it's just that they always look so much more exposed when they're hairless."
"None of your business Liam," Sarah replied. She didn't seem angry. Her tone was more coy and she smiled slightly as she turned back to look again at the computer monitor.
Sarah usually preferred not to shave, instead keeping her hair trimmed short and waxed along her bikini line. She had always been slightly self-conscience about her pussy lips. They protruded slightly from her outer lips, and although I personally loved how it looked, she still only went completely bald on rare occasions.
"Like I said," continued Liam, "These kinds of shoots make great gifts for couples. Doesn't really matter what the occasion is. Could be a birthday, anniversary....a wedding? And of course, for you Sarah, I'd be happy to do it free of charge." With that last suggestion he playfully nudged Sarah with a laugh. She blushed furiously but said nothing.
"Feel free to have a flick through the rest of them," he said to Sarah. Then turning to me said, "Sam, another drink?"
I nodded and followed him out to the kitchen while Sarah stayed behind in the office. Liam and I remained in the kitchen for a while, chatting about far less interesting subjects while I let him do most of the talking. Eventually Sarah emerged from the office looking flustered and announced that she was calling it a night. I figured it was best to do the same, and we both moved off to the spare bedroom. Only a few seconds passed after hearing Liam's bedroom door close before Sarah pounced on me. It was like a demon had possessed her as she rode on top of me. In a matter of minutes we had both cum together, trying desperately to stifle any noise through the thin walls of Liam's apartment.
-------------
The next morning we got up early to start the drive. We said a quick goodbye to Liam, promised to visit next time we were back in town, and then hit the road. I took the first shift driving and had assumed that Sarah would want to get some sleep, but we were only just on the freeway before she brought up the night before. I could tell that she had been thinking about it almost non-stop. Even more so, I could tell that she was deeply excited by it.
"I can't believe that he has all of those photos," she said. "You should have seen the other ones on there, they were obscene. It's like he needed a photo of every inch of her body. All these poses, completely exposed, you could see everything!"
She was talking quickly, as she always did when she gets excited. Not wanting to stop her train of thought, I just let her continue. "I mean this is a married woman, who he works with! Every day she'd be coming to work, knowing that he knows exactly what her entire body looks likes. I can't imagine what that would feel like! At least I never need to see Graham again...but someone who you encounter regularly..." Sarah trailed off, staring out at the road in front of us.
"Do you think he was serious about that offer?" I asked.
"Oh definitely," scoffed Sarah. "He's been trying to get me to model for him for as long as we've known him. I think he brings it up just about every time I see him. I honestly don't know how many times that man can hear the word 'no' before giving up."
"Would you ever pose for him?" I asked.
"Pose for Liam?" Sarah laughed as she said it. "I've known the guy for years! I'd be mortified if he saw me naked. He'd never let me live it down. Every time we see each other he'd just be undressing me with his eyes. Not that he doesn't do that already!"
"Well," I said, treading lightly, "I'm not hearing a no."
Sarah sat silently for a moment, before saying, "I...I don't know...maybe?"
I glanced over at her in the passenger seat. She was blushing furiously, the way she always does when she's turned on.
"I mean...when I was looking at those photos...I just couldn't help but imagine posing like that for someone. It would be one thing to do that in front of a stranger, or someone that you don't need to see again..." It went without saying that she was referring to Graham here. "But I don't know if I could go through with that," She continued, her voice trailing off.
"Liam did say that he leaves it up to the model completely," I said. "I mean I'm sure he makes a lot of suggestions, but it sounds like it's completely up to them how much they show. Most of his shoots are probably just tasteful lingerie sets."
Sarah nodded silently, once again gazing off into the distance.
"Yeh...yeh I suppose so," she said.
We didn't discuss it any more for the rest of the trip, but there were multiple stretches of the drive where Sarah sat silently, her eyes unfocused and her cheeks flushed, and I couldn't help but think that she was still mulling it over.
When we finally arrived at our new apartment in our new city, it was already getting dark and we made quick work of lugging our few meager bits of furniture into the ground floor unit. Once the last of the boxes were out of the truck we sat down and popped a bottle of champagne, celebrating the start of our new life. After a long day at the wheel and very little to eat, it didn't even take half the bottle before I started feeling relaxed and a little tipsy. I was trying to think of a segue to bring the conversation back towards Liam's offer, but before I could mention anything Sarah's phone pinged with a message. Sliding it open, Sarah said that it was from Liam, and started to read it aloud.
"It was great to see you guys last night, you're always welcome at mine whenever you're back in town. Hope the drive went well! Oh and Sarah, just so you know, my little offer still stands if you ever change your mind x," Sarah read.
We sat silently, both looking at the message. Once again, Sarah was blushing, the phone slightly trembling in her hand.
"What do you think?" I asked.
"It wouldn't have to be a nude shoot, would it?" she replied.
"No, you can set what ever limits you'd like." I let that hang for a moment before continuing, "I mean apart from having sex with him, I'd be happy for you to do whatever you want." I laughed as I said it, somewhat nervous that Sarah might not respond to that too well.
"Are you sure?" She asked, turning to face me.
Without saying another word, I took the phone from her hand and typed one work, "Ok."
I hit send, and Sarah let out a nervous laugh. It only took seconds for Liam to reply. His message popped up on the screen, "Just let me know when." A wink face followed it. Cocky bastard, I thought to myself.
-------
About two weeks after we first arrived, Sarah had to make a trip back to our hometown for a girlfriend's birthday. I had a job interview lined up that week so she was heading down solo. She had already set up a time and date with Liam for the photo shoot, and he had eagerly written back saying that he had the perfect place in mind. Before she left Sarah had asked me one last time if I was sure that I was ok with her doing this. She had asked me if, in the heat of the moment she decided to go a little further with the shoot, would I be mad? I had insisted to her over and over again that as long as she was comfortable, I'd be happy.
My job interview was on the same day as Sarah's planned shoot with Liam, and needless to say I was a little distracted. All the same the interview went well, which I was thankful for, as it was an old friend who had set it up for me. We made plans to meet at the local bar after he finished for the day and I made my way over there. All the while I was anxiously awaiting a call from Sarah, I'd asked her to get in touch once the shoot was over to tell me how everything went.
It was about 10pm when my phone finally buzzed with a message from Sarah. I quickly excused myself from my friend and made my way out to the back where it was quieter.
"So, I may have gone a little further than I intended...please don't be mad." the message read. It was quickly followed by a second message, "I have a lot to show you."
"Can I call you?" I wrote back
"Not a good time. It's easier if I show you. And don't worry I didn't sleep with him. I can't wait to see you x"
My mind was reeling with the possibilities of what that message could mean. Sarah was due back tomorrow, and I realised I was in for one of the longest waits of my life.
-------
The following night when Sarah arrived she was nervously grinning from ear to ear. Almost immediately after walking through the door she was pulling my by the hand into our home office and firing up the computer.
"Liam said that he'll send through a hard copy of the final shots once he's finished editing them, but in the meantime he gave me this," she said, holding up a usb. "This is a copy of basically everything he took, so there's quite a few on there."
Before plugging in the usb, she turned to me, looking me deep in the eyes. "I promised you that I wouldn't let him fuck me, and I didn't...but things definitely went a lot further than I had planned...are you sure you're ok?"
After one final round of reassurance, Sarah turned back to the computer and opened up the folder. The first thing that I noticed was that there were hundreds of photos. This shoot had obviously gone on a little longer than his average client's. Hesitantly, Sarah opened up the first photo, slid the keyboard over to me and sat back.
The photo was of Sarah wearing a form fitting black dress. I didn't recognise it so I assumed that she bought it specifically for the shoot. It clung to her slim, curvy body like a glove, accentuating her already beautiful figure. Although she looked as beautiful as I had ever seen her, it wasn't the dress that caught my attention. Sarah was bare foot, standing on what looked like a picnic blanket. She had a glass of wine in her hand and was standing against a backdrop of trees.
"You're outside?" I asked. I don't know why but I just assumed that the shoot would take place at some kind of studio.
"I wasn't expecting it either," replied Sarah. "I arrived at his place already dressed for the shoot, but straight away we're back out the door. He insisted that he'd found the perfect place for a shoot and I just figured I'd go along with it. It's actually one of the little embankments by the creek. We've been there a couple of times, remember?"
I did remember. About 15 minutes out of town was an old nature track that ran alongside the creek. People would go to there to run, walk their dog, fish or whatever else. This surprised me, as it was usually quite busy when the weather was nice. As if she were reading my thoughts, Sarah went on, "We walked about 10 minutes down the track to find a place to cut through the bushes near the water. It was really isolated when we first got there."
I started tapping through the first few photos. These seemed to be 'warm up' shots as they mostly showed Sarah sipping from her wine glass or talking towards the camera.
"Liam insisted that I have a few drinks before we began," Sarah explained. "Not that I was complaining. I was really nervous when he started to set up, but the wine definitely helped."
The more photos that I moved through, the more that I could see the wine 'helping'. Sarah's telltale blush was coming into her cheeks and she certainly seemed more relaxed. Suddenly the tone of the photos changed from casual snaps to something a little more deliberate. Sarah was now moving through various poses while Liam directed her from behind the camera. She looked absolutely incredible, and once again I was reminded that Liam had obvious talent as a photographer.
Slowly as Sarah began to move through her poses, she began to work her dress down from her shoulders. The lingerie that she had chosen was also a set that I had never seen before. It was dark lace and incredibly thin. The bra gave just barely enough coverage to contain her breasts, and it was so sheer that you could easily make out the shape of her nipples straining against the fabric. The matching thong only just came up over her mound, and at the back it was so thin that it almost disappeared entirely between her cheeks. The dark lace contrasted beautifully against her pale skin.
"What do you think?", Sarah asked me.
"You look absolutely incredible," I replied, pulling my gaze from the screen. "I love you so much."
"Well keep going then," Sarah grinned and then turned back to the computer.
Slowly the poses became more adventurous, until finally we stopped at a photo that had Sarah on all fours, hands and knees on the ground. Her hair was tossed to the side and she was staring straight into the camera with a look of unbridled lust in her eyes. Her breasts were hanging beneath her and you could just make out the dark skin of he areola emerging above the lace of her bra.
"We took a bit of a break after this shot. Liam topped up my glass with pretty much half the bottle of wine," Sarah laughed. "After another 10 minutes of drinking wine by a creek in my underwear I guess he figured I'd be a little more complacent. He wanted to take some more shots, but he pointed out that I had dirt on my hands and knees from the last few poses. So...he said that the only solution was to wash off in the creek..."
I felt a slight lump in my throat; I knew where this was going.
"Of course, he didn't want me to get the lingerie wet, so he suggested I take a quick dip in the nude," Sarah went on. "I made him promise to turn around and not to take any shots while I went in, but to be honest I didn't really expect him to keep his word. Pretty much as soon as I was coming out of the water, he was ready and waiting with the camera."
The next photo showed Sarah emerging from the creek. She had one foot in the water and one on the bank, her hands clamped across her chest and her crotch, but very clearly naked. She was dripping wet from the neck down and in the high quality photo you could even make out the goose bumps across her arms and legs. She had a look of mock indignation on her face and it looked like Liam had snapped her in the middle of telling him off. Obviously he couldn't care less, as this photo was followed by a dozen more of Sarah cautiously making her way up the sloped bank, trying desperately to keep herself covered and not fall over. Eventually Sarah stopped me when we reached a photo of her wrapped in a towel, scowling directly at the camera.
"I didn't realise until I had the towel around me," Sarah said, "but Liam had packed up all of my clothes while I was in the water. He was pretty determined to get a few more shots in before we finished. I've got to be honest, after the wine along with the fact that I was standing out in the woods in only a towel...I didn't put up much of a protest. I was actually kind of hoping this would happen..."
Given the message that I'd received from Sarah the night before, I had assumed as much. My mind was still racing wondering how much Sarah had decided to show Liam. Had she gone as far as his coworker? Had she completely exposed herself to our old friend? Or had she gone further? Taking a deep breath, I moved to the next picture.
Sarah was now standing with one arm across her chest. She was holding the towel against her body while it hung loosely in front of her, leaving the curves of her figure exposed. You could make out the sides of her breasts and the gentle curve of her hips. Her other hand was running through her hair while she pouted at the camera. The next shot showed Sarah with her back turned. Her legs were shoulder width apart, her left arm outstretched, dangling the towel away from her body. You could see every detail of her back, her smooth legs and beautifully toned bum. Between her legs you could make out the slightest glimpse of her pussy lips protruding.
As I moved to the next picture, my heart leapt in my chest. Sarah was now facing the camera, the towel nowhere in sight. Both hands were positioned over her crotch, and her chest was completely on display. Her body was still covered with goosebumps and her rock hard nipples were pointing directly at the camera. She was blushing furiously with an embarrassed smile on her face as Liam got his first ever look at her breasts.
I kept moving through the photos as Sarah struck a number of poses, her hands still firmly clasped over her crotch. Eventually she was sitting on the floor, her knees up in front of her chest firmly together with her feet in front of her crotch. Clearly Liam was kneeling down for this shot as the photo was lined up perfectly with her. She was looking at the camera with a shocked expression.
"Right up until this point I thought that everything was still pretty tasteful," Sarah said. "This is the exact moment that Liam told me to show him my cunt."
I was shocked. Sarah had always hated when people used that word, she found it demeaning, and I'd never heard it actually come out of her mouth. No wonder she looked so shocked in the photo, I doubt it was ever something she expected an old friend to say to her.
"The moment he said that word, it was like a jolt of electricity through my body," Sarah went on. "I suddenly felt completely exposed in the most incredible way. I wanted to show him babe, I wanted Liam to see everything. I made a snap decision right there. I was going to do whatever he said..."
Sarah reached forward and clicked to the next photo. My heart stopped. She was now sitting legs wide apart. She had a dazed look on her face as she sat with her knees bent and hands resting on top. It appeared that on top of buying a new dress and lingerie, Sarah had also taken the time to shave herself completely smooth. Her bald pussy was completely exposed to the camera, slightly parted and very wet. Every detail was clearly visible, from her smooth outer lips, to her slightly darker protruding inner lips.
I could not believe how excited I was, knowing that Liam was kneeling only feet from her when this photo was taken. Liam, who had always lusted after Sarah, shamelessly flirting with her while she frustrated him with her rejection, was now kneeling in front of her while she opened her legs and presented her cunt to him on his orders.
The next photo showed Sarah pulling her pussy open, one hand on either side. The photo was both erotic and obscene. You could clearly see her clitoris, the opening to her vagina and juices leaking from her. I started moving through the photos as they steadily became more and more involved. As they moved across the screen Sarah explained the instructions that Liam was giving her, telling her to 'open her cunt' or 'squat and spread'. I eventually reached a photo where Sarah was on her knees; face down on the ground with her hands on each of her ass cheeks.
"Liam told me to get into this position," Sarah explained. "Then he told me to 'spread my holes'."
I took a sharp breath as the next photo came up. Sarah's knees were spread apart in the dirt, her hands firmly gripping her ass cheeks as she spread them obscenely apart. Her asshole was completely exposed to the camera and her pussy lips had pulled open, brazenly displaying the inside of her vagina.
"He told me to 'wink' my asshole." Sarah said. "I couldn't believe the way he was talking to me. On any other day I would have slapped him in his face, but I was just so excited. I didn't want to refuse, I wanted to be obedient. So...so I started clenching my ass. He was so close with his camera and was just laughing as I knelt there winking my asshole at him. I've never felt so excited and humiliated at the same time." Sarah's voice was trembling slightly but I could tell she was feeling more confident as she narrated her experience.
"After that, he told me I could stand up again." Sarah continued. "Then he told me I had a choice. I could either get dressed now, or he could keep my clothes and we could walk back to the car. It was so humiliating, I think he knew that I was enjoying this and he wanted to hear me say it out loud."
"What did you say?" I asked, although I was sure I already knew the answer.
Sarah hesitated for a moment before replying, "I said he could keep the clothes."
I could not believe my luck. Sarah was more or less playing out my greatest fantasy and showing no signs of stopping. I wondered what Liam was thinking during this. Had he ever imagined that he would have Sarah in the position? Had he ever imagined that he would get to see her expose herself like this? When I asked Sarah what his reaction was, she just told me that he gave a smug laugh and told her to 'get a wiggle on'.
The next photos were shot from behind and showed Sarah making her way back down the trail. My heart started racing as I remembered where they were. This trail followed the length of the creek and it was pretty unusual to go a couple of minutes without seeing someone else. I remembered that Sarah had said that they'd gone about 10 minutes down the track to find an isolated spot, and now she was walking, barefoot and naked down that long stretch.
Less than a dozen photos later, Sarah encountered her first person. An older couple appeared in the shot up ahead, walking in her direction. As they got closer and noticed Sarah you could see the man grinning from ear to ear as he took in her body. The woman on the other hand was giving her a scornful look as she appraised the naked girl in front of her. Next came a young woman dressed in jogging attire. She was followed by a middle-aged man walking his dog and then a young couple carrying fishing rods.
Each person seemed to react differently to the encounter. Some would cover their mouth in shock, some would stare and some would laugh. By the end of the trail Sarah must have passed over 20 different people, giving each and everyone of them an unobstructed view of her naked body. By now Liam had moved in front of her and was snapping photos as she moved towards him. Her face was bright red with embarrassment, but she made no effort to cover her body. Her inner lips were slightly swollen now and even from a distance, you could clearly see that she was wet.
I was hit with the sudden realisation of what lay at the end of the trail. It was an open-air car park set just back from the creek. There was an area with picnic tables and barbecues where people would congregate. Any my fiancée was about to walk bare naked, right into the middle. The next photo jumped forward a bit. Sarah was no longer on the trail and Liam was once again walking behind her. She was moving towards a table on the edge of a car park where a group of five guys were sitting. A couple of them were dressed in university jumpers, the same local university that Sarah and I had been to not so long ago.
"They all started cheering the moment I stepped out into the car park," Sarah said. "They were all cat calling and beaconing me over, so Liam said that we should go say hi. They were surprisingly well behaved. Of course Liam wouldn't let us leave without a group photo..."
Just as I was coming to terms with the photo of my naked fiancée chatting to a group of fully clothed strangers, everyone shifted position in the next photo. They were now all standing over by Liam's car. The group of guys either side of Sarah were clearly laughing in the photo, while she was smiling nervously at the camera.
"One of them noticed my engagement ring and told Liam that he was a lucky guy to have a girl like me," Sarah explained. "Liam told them that he wasn't my fiancé, just a friend. They all seemed to find that pretty funny. They liked it even more when he told them to lift me up." As she said this, I clicked to the next photo.
Sarah was now being raised into the air by two of the guys. They were holding her in a seated position, each with one hand under her thighs and the other supporting her back. I felt like I knew what we coming before I clicked to the next photo. Sure enough, as it came onto the screen I was greeted with the sight of my fiancée, legs spread wide open and a shocked look on her face.
"They lifted me up so quickly I barely had time to react," Sarah said. "Of course Liam was helping them along with instructions. Even with my legs wide open it wasn't enough for him, so he told two of the other guys to 'open up her cunt' for him."
The next photo showed the other two with their hands on either side of Sarah's pussy, pulling it wide open for the camera. I felt like I was about to faint. My fiancée was being lifted in the air in a public car park and letting strangers spread her pussy open for the camera. The next photo had Sarah flipped over one of their shoulders. He was holding her in a fireman's carry while two others held her legs apart. At the same time they were using their free hands to pull her ass cheeks open, giving a perfect display of her asshole. Each one in the group had a shit-eating grin on their faces, clearly unable to believe their luck.
"After that Liam had them load me into the car for him," Sarah said. "He still hadn't given me my clothes back so I had to stay naked for the whole drive home. I was getting so turned on I'm pretty sure he could smell me in the car," she gave a nervous chuckle as she said this. "I thought that once we got back to his, he would give me my dress or a towel or something...but no."
The picture on the screen confirmed this. Sarah was now standing across the street from Liam's apartment, hands at her side and her face bright red. She was standing stark naked on a residential street in broad daylight.
"This was about half an hour before people would usually be getting home from work," Sarah explained. "I was really lucky that we didn't see anyone. A couple of cars drove past while he was making me do jumping jacks, but they didn't slow down."
"He made you do jumping jacks?" I asked.
"Yeh, like star jumps," Sarah continued. "He said he wouldn't unlock the door until I either did a cartwheel or ten jumping jacks. I didn't really fancy falling on my bare ass, so they seemed like the easy option. I had to do them right outside the front door to the building."
As we clicked through the photos of Sarah jumping up and down with her arms and legs spread, I was soaking in every detail. You could see her breasts lifting and falling as she jumped up and down, her pussy lips parting as she leapt up and spread her legs. I couldn't believe how much control Sarah had handed over to Liam. He seemed to take it in his stride, almost like he was playing out every fantasy that he'd ever had about her all in the space of a few hours.
Sarah reached over and took my hand in hers. "This next part is a video, and it's the last part of the shoot," she seemed suddenly nervous as she spoke. "I never intended for it to go this far, but I really wanted it at the time. Please don't be mad?"
I felt increasingly worried as Sarah brought up the video on the monitor and pressed play. As the screen lit up and focused, it showed Sarah now sitting at the foot of Liam's bed, her knees pulled up against her chest, still completely naked. The camera seemed to be set up on a tripod facing Sarah at an angle, and she was looking past it, at something of screen. Then Liam's voice came across the speakers.
"You're soaking wet, aren't you?" said Liam's voice.
Sarah didn't respond, instead just bit her bottom lip and nodded slightly.
"Would you like to show the camera?" Liam prompted.
Sarah hesitated for a moment, glancing over at the camera. Then she looked back to Liam before slowly lowering her eyes and parting her legs. With the lighting in the bedroom and the high quality video capturing her, there was no mistaking that she was completely soaked. Her shaved pussy and its inner lips were slightly swollen and as she parted her legs, it opened slightly, showing the juices leaking from her.
"We can do better than that I think," Liam's voice continued. "Spread your legs and open up. Show me that sopping wet cunt."
Sarah's eyes widened as she stared back at Liam. She was trembling slightly, her breath getting shorter and shallower. Now placing her feet on either corner of the bed, she arched her back, thrusting her pussy forwards. With a hand on either side of her mound she pulled her pussy lips apart, opening up her cunt on full display. She was so wet that her juices were now dripping from her and forming a small wet spot on the bed sheets beneath her.
Liam emerged from the side of the frame, moving towards Sarah. He knelt down in front of her, now inches away from her exposed pussy. She just held her position, looking back at him, trembling even more now. From the camera's position he had his back to the viewer, but the angle was set up in a way that he didn't block any of the view of Sarah. Without another word, he reached out and ran his hand along my fiancée's exposed sex as she let out a whole body shudder. He held up his fingers, now glistening with Sarah's juices, and held them in front of her face. Seemingly understanding what it was that he wanted, Sarah parted her lips slightly. Liam slid his flingers into her mouth and Sarah began to suck on them. She closed her eyes and let out the slightest moan as she slowly sucked Liam's fingers, savouring the taste of herself.
Liam pulled his fingers from her mouth and slid back down to a kneeling position between her legs. Sarah was still holding her lips spread open, feet wide apart. He lined up two fingers with the opening of her vagina, then looked up at her.
"Do you want me to make you cum?" he asked.
Sarah bit her bottom lip again, staring down at Liam. She seemed unsure. Unsure of herself, unsure of the situation. She was an engaged woman, sitting spread naked in front of her old friend while he knelt with his fingers pressed against the opening of her pussy. After a long moment of hesitation, she nodded.
"Say it," Liam demanded. "Say that you want me to make you cum."
"I...I want you to make me cum," Sarah replied meekly.
"Say it like you mean it," Liam demanded again. "I want to hear it in your voice."
"Please Liam, I want you to make me cum," Sarah moaned. She pulled back further on her pussy lips, spreading them obscenely for his waiting fingers. "I want your fingers in my cunt, I want you to make me..."
Sarah stopped suddenly, her eyes shooting open as Liam drove his fingers deep inside her. My heart stopped as I watched Sarah's eyes roll back as she sunk into the bed, her open legs inviting Liam inside of her. Liam wasted no time in working his fingers back and forth, expertly probing every inch of my fiancée's welcoming pussy.
Sarah was moaning and writhing on the bed, thrusting her hips towards Liam as he continued fingering her. I could tell it wasn't going to take long for her to finish. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Liam had always pined after Sarah from the moment that he had met her. Always lusted over her, knowing deep down that he would never have her. But now here he was, fingers deep inside her snatch, making her squirm and writhe with pleasure on his bed.
Apparently deciding that fingering Sarah wasn't enough for him, Liam pulled out his fingers, placed his hands on either side of her pussy and wrapped his mouth over her open lips. Sarah's groaning instantly switched from deep and intermittent to a high-pitched and constant moan. Liam was furiously lapping at her cunt, his tongue running over every millimetre, licking up her juices. Turning his fingers upwards, he slid them back inside her and started rubbing against her g-spot.
Instantly Sarah went rigid. She arched her back upwards, shoulders pressed against the bed; her hips thrust towards Liam's mouth and fingers, and let out a scream. Liam pulled back at the exact moment that the orgasm crashed through her body, and in that moment a jet of liquid shot from Sarah's open pussy. She was squirting!
I had never seen Sarah squirt before, yet here she was on the screen in front of me, squirting furiously from her swollen cunt. Her back still arched, her hips were shaking as the orgasm rocked through her body and jet after jet spurted from her sex.
Liam sat back watching as the orgasm took control of Sarah. It took about 30 seconds for it to completely subside. By the end of it Sarah was lying back on the bed spread-eagle, covered in a sheen of sweat and panting to catch her breath. Her pussy was spread obscenely open, red and swollen, and the bed sheets between her legs were soaked with her juices. While she lay there dazed and panting, Liam moved out of frame and returned holding another camera. He started snapping away, capturing my fiancée's spread open and naked body. Sarah just lay there, still quivering slightly as the orgasm subsided.
"Beautiful..." Liam said, as he continued snapping photos. "These might be the best shots I've ever taken."
He was moving around her, capturing every angle as he continued talking to her. "My god, you've got a nice tight cunt on you Sarah. I can't believe how sweet you tasted."
He stood at her feet, lining up the camera to get a full body shot of Sarah with her legs open, the pool of her cum visible between her thighs. "I might have to get some of these framed for the office," he said with a sneering laugh. "Would you like that Sarah? Would you like it if I had a photos hanging on my wall of you? Photos showing your swollen red cunt, up on display for anyone to see?"
Sarah let out a long moan. Seemingly unable to speak she mumbled a reply, "Mhmm."
"I'll take that as a yes," Liam said with a sneer. With that, he turned back to the video camera and shut it off.
As the screen went black I sat there staring at it, trying to process what I had just seen. Sarah turned to me anxiously and said, "You're not mad...are you."
"No," I said, finding my voice. "No...babe that was incredible. I can't believe you did all of that. What happened after?"
"Nothing really," Sarah replied. He left me to sleep and he crashed on the couch. I sent those messages to you and then pretty much passed out straight away. The next morning I still didn't have any clothes. He let me put some on after I'd made him a coffee and let him watch me shower. I pretty much headed straight back up here after that."
As she was saying this she started to run her hand over my crotch. I was already rock hard and straining against my pants. I let Sarah take me by the hand and pull me towards our bedroom. Within seconds we were both butt naked and Sarah was riding me as I lay back on the bed. She was soaking wet and I could feel her drenching me with her juices and she bucked back and forth on top of me. As I looked up at my beautiful fiancée my mind was filled with thoughts of what I had just seen. How Sarah has exposed herself in front of our friend and other strangers. How Liam, after years of lusting after Sarah, had finally bent her to his will, stripped her naked and humiliated her in front of his camera. Whenever he saw her from now on, he could look at her body, knowing exactly what she's hiding beneath her clothes. Knowing exactly what her most intimate details look like, how she feels, how she smells, how she tastes. As this last thought formed in my head, Sarah let out a deep moan as she started to cum. Instantly I exploded inside her, filling her with my cum. She started rocking faster and faster, and for the second time that night, I got to see my fiancée squirt.
Within minutes of collapsing on top of me, Sarah was deep asleep. I lay there, running my hands over he smooth body, basking in the afterglow. I could not believe how lucky I was to have this woman in my life. With our wedding not far in the future, I couldn't help but wonder if she would still be as adventurous as a married woman. I fell asleep wondering what possible opportunities would present themselves in the future.