Sara's Story
I had come into Auckland City to meet up with some girlfriends. It had gone really well and we had all said our good-byes and headed off to our cars when, on an impulse, I headed up Commerce Street. My heart was pounding as I walked up on the right hand side. Near the end was a Strip Club, Mermaids. I went to the counter, paid the $20 admission and walked inside. There was a bar on my left and ahead were two small stages.
Past the bar and around on the left was a glass fronted water tank about twelve feet high and wide. In it was a nude girl swimming around in the water. She looked gorgeous and I made my way to stand in front of her and stare. She saw me and gave me a submerged smile, I smiled back and she continued swirling round and round in the water. She would do loops and her pussy showed as she came over in her loop and her asshole showed as she did a breast stroke kick to keep going. I was entranced, My God I so wanted to be in there doing that. I think she could read my mind as she surfaced and beckoned me to the glass.
"Wanna have a try," she asked me.
"Ooh, um, could I? Would it be alright?" I replied.
"Sure, just come up the stairs and I'll get out," she told me.
The stairs were to the right of the tank and they lead to the strippers' changing rooms and the water tank.
I walked up the stairs and at the top looked down on the floor, guys were watching me. God that made me feel so excited. Like I was fully clothed but they were still eying me up.
At the top I waited while the girl in the pool, Tiffany, got out and put her towel around herself. She leaned in and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
"Wow," she said, " that look in your eye. You're a natural."
"A natural?" I asked
"Exhibitionist, babe," she told me smiling," I'm one and I can recognize it and man do you have it or what."
I smiled at her and licked my lips.
"Come in here babe," she told me, directing me into a changing area. "OK, now strip off and let me see that cute little body of yours."
I stripped, carefully putting my slacks and my top on the hook followed by my thong and bra. I stepped out of my heels and left them neatly under the hook. I moved to stand in front of her, and waited for the verdict.
She turned me round, checked out my butt, got me to open my pussy, then turn and spread my cheeks and finally turned me back.
"Very, very nice babe. Just a bit of hair in places and you're carrying a little bit of weight."
True enough and I nodded in agreement.
"How about I shave you before you go in the pool?" she asked.
"In the pool, really, um, yes, ooh yes please that sounds good."
So she got out her shaving things and very expertly removed all the hair from my pussy and asshole- there wasn't much, I did trim. When she had finished she stepped back to have a proper look. From the smile on her face she was happy with what she was seeing.
"Hey babe, come on down and we'll go over to see Phil, he's the Manager, he's at that table over, over there. See?"
And she waved to him.
I was going to walk nude down the stairs with all these guys watching and walk across to this guy Phil. And stand in front of him while he checked me out?
I shrugged, "OK."
I had been obscured from general view up till now but Tiffany maneuverer me in front of her on the stairs and whispered, "don't cover, pull your pelvis up and show off your pussy."
I came down the stairs, I was so nervous and I could feel my nipples harden and my pussy getting wet. Some of the guys applauded and the girls on the stages stopped their acts and clapped me also. I gave the girls a happy smile and one for the guys too and put my fingers to my lips and blew them a kiss.
It felt wonderful. Here I was naked, everything on display and the atmosphere was so nice. I wanted to stop and ask some of them, you know, "What do you think of my pussy" sort of thing but I refrained from doing that and was steered across to meet Phil.
Ever the gentleman he stood up as we approached and reached his hand out. I took it and he brought my hand up, bent over and kissed it.
"Good evening sweetheart," he said with a smile," thinking of becoming a stripper?"
"Well I wasn't but oh gosh I think I would if, you know, if I can."
"Sit down sweetie, Tiffany, you stay too honey."
Tiffany and I sat.
He went over the industry, the pros the cons, things to avoid, how they could help, how much money I could make (goodness) and so on.
"Look bottom line?"
"Sara."
"Sara, bottom line is: do you enjoy being naked in front of other people? Is it a turn on for you? Cause if you don't this is work you'll simply endure for the money and there won't be much of that. If you do the sky's the limit," and he gave me a nice smile while checking out my tits - I arched my back a little for him.
"I think, I think I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist and I love showing off and I do love fucking so, yes, I want to become a stripper."
"Brilliant," and he stood up, got me to my feet and gave me a big hug.
"Great to have you on board, I'll get Michelle to draw up a contract for you tomorrow morning. Meantime you're still an amateur, want to have a swim in the pool?"
I smiled and nodded.
He had a portable mike, he linked it into the sound system and made an announcement.
"Ladies and gentlemen. Mermaids Bar is pleased to present our newest girl Bianca!" (He said it BE an KAH.)
Loud applause broke out and guys grinned at me and some gave a thumbs up.
Bianca? But I went with it and walked back towards the stairs, on my own this time, and climbed the stairs knowing every eye in the place was glued to my butt. I did as slow a walk as I could and at the top turned did a curtsey and with a huge smile on my face blew them all a kiss.
The pool was right there as I put a nose clip on and the goggles and slipped in. The water was warm and I swam round doing all sorts of turns and splits, anything that would show my pussy off better. Tiffany lowered herself in and swam to me. She brushed her hands over my breasts and stroked down my body to my pussy. I arched my back and spread my legs for her. I could see the guys' faces and them applauding. Tiffany went up for air and I rolled over to be horizontal to the floor and pulled my legs back in a splits to show everything I had.
I surfaced and heard the applause. I smiled happily as I got out of the tank and stood full on to them and curtseyed. Tiffany handed me a towel and after I had dried off I headed down, naked, to mix with the customers.
If I expected guys to crowd round then I was mistaken. Perhaps they felt intimidated by me, I don't know but I ended sitting at a table with eight chairs and just one other occupant, a lady. Hey, flashing the home team was still a buzz for me and I gave her a smile as I held the drink Phil had left for me.
'You're very pretty?" she said finally.
"Sara, or Bianca possibly," as I tried a little witticism.
"Deborah."
"Thank you," I replied- there was a "but" looming- I could tell.
"Thinking of starting here as a stripper?" she asked. The way she said "Stripper" made it sound degrading and she eroded a lot of my confidence.
"Yes, what's wrong with that? Free country, isn't it?"
Her tone changed.
"Oh God yes. Look what I was meaning was think about where you want to work. I think you have a big future naked" (and she smiled at me) "but where you choose that future to be is what determines how big it will end up."
Um? Yeah?
"Where are you going with this?"
"A few of us have decided to start a Sex Entertainment Theatre and the major theme will be lesbian vignettes. Things like, Slave and Mistress, artist and model, teacher and pupil."
"So acting?"
"We describe a scene, tell you what your character is like and you act out the scene as you interpret your character's attitudes and reactions but there are no scripts."
"Oh, OK. I get that. And I end up naked?"
"Guaranteed. Sometimes you start naked too."
We carried on with our drinks while I thought. The number of people in the place wasn't that many and I struggled to see how I could make the kind of money Phil had told me I could. I began to suspect he was bull shitting.
'Can we go somewhere and discuss this? I'm interested but I don't want to rush into something I might regret," I said finally.
As I crossed the room to go up the stairs I saw Phil standing over the lady with an angry expression on his face. I went up the stairs, got dressed and came back down.
"Don't listen to her Sara," he told me, "whatever she offers you I can match it and this place has a proven track record, she doesn't even have any premises yet."
"Phil, I saw you just now. You scared me. I couldn't work for you, I'm sorry."
And I rushed out leaving him to stare after me.
"Slut," he spat out gallantly at my departing figure.
Thank God for that, I thought. She was waiting about fifty yards down the road.
"Oh come here," she said when she saw me. I was terrified, I thought he'd follow me or send his men to drag me back. So I rushed into her arms and stood shaking while she hugged me.
"Where are you parked?" she asked and I told her the Downtown Car Park.
"You won't need your car tonight. Leave it there and we'll pop down tomorrow and get it -I'll pay for the overnight fee. OK?"
"Yes, fine," and I wrapped my left arm around her right and held her right hand with my left.
"You're terrified, aren't you?" she said to me.
"He scares me," I declared and I felt tears in my eyes.
"He's harmless but there are some who aren't."
I know "harmless"; Phil was not in that category. But I let it pass, she was clearly a lot more confident with people than I was. We got to her Mercedes and she drove me out of the inner city and up to a Bistro on Ponsonby Road. We sat at a table on the footpath and talked.
Yes this was still an idea and no they didn't yet have a venue. But. Another one? She and the other investors were wealthy women and had been working on the concept for some time. They had a premises in mind and were in the process of applying for planning permission with the council- she had no doubt it would be agreed to. So bottom line- six weeks till they opened.
"Downtown somewhere?" I asked.
"No, and not K Road either," she added, "Mt Eden."
"Really?"
"Absolutely. Our audience will come to see our shows, we're not looking for the boys on the town looking for some fun after the pub.
"Actually we're not looking for boys at all," and as she sipped her coffee she glanced at me over her cup to see what my reaction would be.
A lesbian review for lesbians?
"And what do I do for six weeks?" I asked.
"You would start Monday," she told me in dead earnest. "We need all our actresses all set to go on opening night. There is a lot for you to learn and you will be on full pay. Look."
I looked at her," You will earn this much every week. You don't have to be a prostitute to get the money. Do you understand?"
Oh yes I did. I nodded. We sat and talked about ourselves and in her case her children and her businesses and in mine about my family and my nieces and nephews and I could tell she was for real. Way, way richer than me she never used money to intimidate me and built up my confidence that I was up for the work ahead.
We finished and made our way back to her car, we walked with arms linked and I felt like I had known her for years, instead of a few hours. At the car she opened my door and closed it for me then went round to her side. She drove expertly and unhurriedly to her home in Remuera. The garage door opened as we drove up and closed after she had parked.
I heard a woman's voice call out.
"Oh that's Marcia," Deborah told me very much in control, "Look let's get you in training now. Strip off here."
But things had happened since that marvellous time at Mermaids. Now I wasn't so confident. So I hesitated. She saw it and came round to me.
"Darling you're gorgeous. Do you understand that? Absolutely drop dead gorgeous. Everyone, male or female wants to see your body. Is that clear?"
I nodded but half-heartedly. My confidence had had a real shock with the Phil episode.
"Take your clothes off for me. OK?" she told me quietly.
I stripped.
"Good girl. See? You look gorgeous".
She checked my hair and make-up. We agreed fresh lipstick and some blusher. Checked again.
"Put your shoes back on darling and come with me."
I walked beside her down the hall way to the lounge.
Three older ladies, all dressed were waiting for us. As we entered they rose to their feet, looks of utter delight on their faces.
"Oh Deborah," the brunette said," She's even better than you said."
She looked me in the eye and gave me a smile.
"You are so brave and so pretty, turn for me," she requested gently.
I turned and let her examine my rear view.
"Oh exquisite," to Deborah," you have done so well to find her."
To me," Oh excuse me talking about you dear."
"Oh that's fine," I replied.
She continued," look sit down here between me and?"
The other two put their hands up looking like kids wanting to give the answer.
"Jane."
Jubilation from one; the other stuck her tongue out.
'Oh now Pam, you can bring a chair right up close."
So I sat between these two darling ladies with Deborah and Jane who were seated with their knees touching mine and Pam flat out trying to play footsie.
And we talked. They told me of the plans they had, the dreams they had for this venture, the people they had on board already, how perfect the venue would be and the words drifted across my brain- some stuck- but what hit me most of all was how genuinely nice they were. I had gone there partially sold. I was now keen to be a part of it.
"Are you lesbian or bi-sexual dear?" Pam asked me, as you might ask do you support this team or that.
"Well, um really, bi-sexual I'm afraid," I answered thinking they were looking for straight out lesbians.
"Oh excellent!" she exclaimed and leant over me and gave me a big hug.
I was puzzled.
"Oh goodness haven't you worked it out? Or haven't we explained it well enough?" Deborah asked.
"Honey our clients are women. OK?"
Yes that much I understood, which was why I was expecting to have to be a lesbian.
"Most of them are married and they will be bringing their husbands or "partners" with the idea of, um, kindling the flame as it were." And she looked at me to see if I'd got it.
"How?"
"Darling, if you watch a strip show, or sit through one, they are so boring, the only time the guys actually pay attention is when there are two girls together. Imagine if these husbands are watching a lesbian sexual fantasy." she looked at me, it was making sense and I nodded.
"So they're turned on and go home and root the missus?" I asked.
"Well they root the missus, as you put it honey, but no they don't go home to do that. We have rooms for them to use. Lovely rooms and they will probably be keen for one or more of the actresses to be present as well."
A silence ensued.
"So I'll be doing threesomes?"
Deborah nodded.
"So I'll be a fucking prostitute! I thought I would just be an actress. That's what you said. Jesus fucking Christ is any other cunt going to fucking bullshit me tonight!"
I was furious. I don't usually swear but I had had a guts full.
" Look cunt face," I said to Deborah," Just get me my fucking clothes and I will fucking walk home. My God you bitches make me sick."
They turned pale. Deborah rushed to get my clothes from the car and I got dressed. Before I could finish dressing Pam went to the door to be in my way.
"Oh God Sara," she said, and the front was gone now, this was the real Pam speaking.
"You are so right, we have been scheming bitches. We have. No question. And we put this all wrong to you. Look, please, can we start again. No BS, cards on the table- face up? Please? And if you don't want to run with us I'll drop you home and pick you up to get your car in the morning -Deb said it was in one of the car parks?"
"OK," I'd calmed down a bit since my outburst but I was going to need a power of persuading.
The other lady, Jane, now spoke.
"Let's deal with the prostitution question first, yes?" she asked me quietly.
I nodded.
"You would be paid for any sexual encounters you had so yes, in that sense you would be acting as a prostitute, yes?"
Again I nodded.
"But they'd be fun don't you think? Threesomes with two other people you've spent the past fifteen minutes or so turning on? A nice hard cock in your pussy, a woman to lick your pussy and with one for you to lick. And you get paid, heaps, trust me you will be paid heaps. Is it sounding better?"
I smiled, just a little one. I was becoming more confident in them again. They got me to go back to the couch and I sat with Deborah. She sat at the end, I was next to her and she gestured for me to lean on her and as I did so she got me to slip down so my head was on to her lap. She smiled down at me.
"Cunt face? God I deserved that. Hey, it's late. Let's get you off to bed and the girls and I will go over everything in detail in the morning with you so you can see how it's going to work and what your role will be. You will be vital to its success."
She nodded as she said this last part. Which boosted my self-esteem no end.
"OK up."
I stood.
Out in the hallway she asked me,
"Do you want to sleep on your own or with me?"
"With you," I said with no hesitation.
'Me too," she replied and hugged me tight.
We went to her room. It was large with a four poster bed against the end wall.
"I can get you a nightie if you wish?"
She was stripping as she said this, in no time she was nude.
Worth the wait, I thought. An older woman her body was simply gorgeous; trim, tanned and smooth. I stripped off yet again and we both hopped into bed.
"Lie here with me," she told me softly. She lay on her back and I lay on my side with my head against her hair and us both sharing her pillow. Her right arm cradled my neck with her hand caressing my hair and face and her left hand stroke up and down over my back and bottom. It felt very nice. I toyed with her nipples with my right hand and felt them harden as I tweaked them.
"Sleep time possum," she told me,
"Close your eyes, that's it. You go to sleep now. I'll be here for you in the morning."
As she spoke she stroked my forehead and her left hand stopped its roaming and just rested on my right buttock. I felt so secure and relaxed that I quickly fell asleep.
I slept soundly and woke when it was light next morning. I opened my eyes to see her face and as she saw I was finally awake a happy spontaneous smile broke out on her face.
"Good morning sweetie," she said," Sleep well?"
"Like a log. I hope I didn't snore?"
"Not that I heard. Jane's making breakfasts soon- she is really good with food- trust me."
Well I was bursting so I got out of bed and went to the ensuite toilet. As I sat there having a pee Deb came to the door and watched. I saw her and spread my legs wider so she could see the stream.
"Do you like this sort of thing?" I asked her with a smile- I didn't mind.
"Oh that and more. I'm sorry, I think I'm a lot more advanced on my sexual journey than you, I'll try to remember that in future."
She washed my pussy for me with soap and warm water and dried it off with a towel.
"Let's go out to breakfast like this," she suggested.
"OK. Do you need to go?"
"I went earlier but, OK, I'll put on a show for you too."
So she sat on the seat and spread her legs wide apart. She was able to pee a little and I watched her stream hit the porcelain and run down into the water. Interesting but it wasn't a turn on for me the same as it had been for her. Following her example I washed her pussy and dried it. Taking great pains to ensure I had everything dry. As one does.
Naked we went out to the kitchen. There Jane was busy making breakfasts. She wore a small frilly apron and nothing else. Another tanned bottom I thought as I walked up behind her. I pressed my body against her back and put my hands over her eyes.
"Good morning Darling," she said cheerfully, "Sleep well?"
She turned to face me and being shorter put her face up to kiss me. She was a stunning kisser and we had a tongue duel that went on for minutes. When we finally parted she smiled at me, licked the tip of my nose and said,
"Wow, that was fantastic. Man you really can kiss."
She kissed my nose at the end of her statement. We hugged again and I went out on to the patio to join Deborah, Pam and Marcia who were seated at the table.
Pam had on a light shift but the others were naked. Jane brought the breakfasts over and took off her apron so she too was nude. We all looked pointedly at Pam.
"Overdressed am I?" she asked with a grin.
We grinned back and nodded.
She shrugged and took the shift off. Yes, trim smooth and tanned as well.
Breakfast was the biggest and best omelet I have ever eaten with whole meal toast, done to perfection on the side. I had tea- I like my Earl Grey- rather than coffee because that's a bit much for my tummy first thing in the morning.
"Sweetheart," Jane said to me between mouthfuls.
"Mmm?" I responded eloquently with a mouthful of toast.
"We've been thinking."
I nodded.
"Uh huh?" Nearly finished.
"Look we're not happy about how you might have sex."
"Mmm, how?"
"Well if you have to have sex because they pay that makes you a common prostitute and that, well it sucks, it demeans you."
I was suddenly very interested. She was right and that was what had upset me the first time.
"So we want to set it up that they have to get you to have sex and if you don't like them or don't feel right about it then you get to refuse. It's about respect and we can see if you had to do something you didn't want to do or feel right doing (and the key word is "had") then it would destroy you. Yes?"
"Oh absolutely, gosh you have just put it so well," I said.
She had too. I might end up acting like a slut but I certainly didn't want to be called one.
So we worked through things and with the sex side out of the way we went back to the first priority which was dreaming up scenes for us actresses to act out.
We had: chance encounters, student kept back after class (I looked really hot in a schoolgirl uniform), nude model and photographer (I got to move more than if it was a painter) naughty girl being spanked (last show due to the redness), BDSM and bondage scenes and so on.
After breakfast we all showered and got dressed. Clothes in my size way, way better than anything I could have afforded mysteriously appeared on the bed for me to get into after our shower. Deb and I went to get my car and I drove it back to her place. I had a 98 Ford Escort, which was my pride and joy, but it looked completely out of place on her street. All late model high class cars there I'm afraid.
It got me thinking, I loved being with Deb and her house was amazing but it was out of my league and I just wasn't comfortable there. They didn't beat me up with money but it was there, their wealth that is, constantly. Rich people have a confidence we lesser mortals don't and I felt intimidated. I really wanted to be back with normal people. I went in and they were all out on the patio.
Deborah," I announced.
"Yes darling," she replied looking up at me with a smile.
"Look, I do like you, a lot actually but" (hey I can do "buts" too yay) "I'm just out of my depth here. I need to live somewhere else. Do you mind?"
"Oh honey not at all," she got up and came over to me," I want you to be happy not walking on eggshells. Hey I've got an idea. Just an idea but tell me what you think."
"Yeah, OK?"
"Well we have five other actresses already and we have them staying in two adjoining houses off Mt Eden Road, old bungalows?"
"Yes?"
"Well there's a lovely room available in the house Louise and Deana are in and I think you would really hit it off with them. Would you like to have a look and meet them?"
"Um, yeah, sure."
"OK, I'll just check they're home and we can pop over."
"She got her mobile out pushed a speed dial number and spoke with someone.
Hanging up she said to me,
"That was Deana, they're both home and very keen to meet you."
So that was it, I was moving out. I gave the girls a hug and got in my car to follow Deb in hers. The drive took fifteen minutes or so and we arrived outside a lovely old bungalow painted in that modern two tone style, which I really like and walked up the cobble path to the front door.
The door opened as we approached the door.
Two smiling faces met us.
"We were waiting for you, I'm Deana and this is Louise," a very attractive blonde lady told me. We hugged and kissed and I ended up holding hands with both of them. I'm not sure how that happened but it just seemed natural that I should.
Ever noticed how there are some hands you could hold for ever and some you can't wait to give back? Well these were in the hold forever category. And they were going to be the girls I'd be acting with. Oh this was getting really really good.
"I'll leave you girls to get acquainted," Deb said as she backed away to go to her car.
"Oh, OK,"I replied," Oh, oh, thanks, thanks for everything." and I let go of the girls hands and threw my arms around her. We hugged.
"I'm still around. You know the address," she told me with a faint smile.
But it was over. I'd work for her, admire her but I'd never be her lover.
"Yeah, who knows huh?" I replied.
She went back to her car and drove off with a wave but didn't look. She knew.
I went back to the girls who had stood there waiting for me. They knew too.
"Come inside and we can get to know each other better," Louise said her eyes darting from mine to Deana's almost with each syllable. Hamming it up like a true champion.
We went inside and it was a bit messy. Hooray I thought- normal women.
I moved a magazine or two off the sofa and sat down.
"Coffee?" asked Louise," we have a choice of cheapest instant there was at the supermarket fine ground or cheapest there was at the supermarket coarse ground."
"Oh, I have developed Remuera tastes now," I replied in an imitation upper class voice," I think, yes, the coarse ground would hit the spot. Milk and two?"
"Great, the kitchen's through there and I have mine black and one and Deana has hers white and none and bring the bikkie jar in too and we'll have two each and make pigs of ourselves."
So much for the red carpet. I happily went out to the kitchen and made the coffees, found a tray and the bikkie jar and brought it all out to the coffee table. I handed the girls their coffees and made out I was hiding the bikkie jar from them.
We just hit it off. We sat there and talked. Talked and talked and talked actually. We were on the same page- even to the extent that one could say something and another could finish it or supply the word the first one couldn't find.
Now, I felt at ease and like I could relax.
"How do you guys feel about nudity?" I asked after an hour or so.
"Oh we love it," Deana replied. "But we don't do it till after dark and we can draw the curtains."
"Roll on night time," I said absently and they both cracked up.
"Oh," said Louise with a grin.
We moved my stuff from my flat, and the new stuff Deb had bought me, into my lovely spacious warm fully furnished room. It had French doors that opened onto a little clearing, just a bit of lawn and then garden. It looked so gorgeous I just wanted to sit and stare at it.
"You like?" Deanna asked.
"Oh yes, I love," I replied.
I heard the sound of music coming (not the musical just the sounds of music) from the lounge. Louise had put a Henry Mancini record on and as I walked in Theme from a Summer Place was playing. She offered me her hand, which I accepted and we drew together and started to dance. It was a slow number and we melted into each other's arms and swayed back and forward as the violins weaved an hypnotic trance over us. We kissed. Not rushed, not feverish just kissed. The music had me just so in the mood that I felt I loved everyone. I beckoned for Deana to join us and we three swayed to the song and to Tammy and the other songs that followed. We kissed and when it wasn't our turn to be kissing we caressed someone. It was a magical moment.
When we finally did sit down I felt we had truly bonded and I felt more at home with them than I had with anyone since I left home all those years ago.
"I can sense an early nightfall today," Louise said mysteriously," I think I should draw the curtains."
I tried not to laugh and failed- she just cracked me up. As she came back from the window she reached behind her and pulled her zipper down. She flicked the dress off her shoulders and pulled it down over her hips and from there it dropped to the floor. She was naked underneath. Now her body was a surprise. After all these smooth tanned women I had found a hippy. She was hairy. Her legs were hairy, her arm pits too and her pussy was overgrown.
I stripped off too as did Deana. She was hairy too but her pussy was trimmed and legs were only mildly so.
'Feel my hair," Louise said to me with a gesture over her whole body. I was kind of revolted and kind of drawn to her. With considerable trepidation I placed my hand on her breast. She had hairs there too. Oh God. She had her hands behind her head so both hairy armpits were on display. The hair was long and straight in her armpits and I held my breath as my fingertips approached them. It felt soft and feminine and I found to my surprise that I enjoyed stroking through her armpit hair. Never ever do that myself but, yes it was nice to touch. Now time for the pussy. I stroked down the center line and into the tangle. I wasn't so thrilled with that and I lifted my fingers up a little and headed for her pussy.
It was wet and its pinkness stood out against the backdrop of her pussy hair. To be honest it wasn't me. I didn't mind some hair but not that much. She could tell and though she didn't say anything I could sense she was disappointed. I hated hurting her feelings and so I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. She responded but the passion wasn't there. I stood up and suddenly felt terribly, terribly alone.
They were an item, that was for sure and I had thought from how we had got on that we three could be an item and I think they had wanted that too. But it wasn't going to happen. I was the extra person, the spare part.
I left them to it, went to my room, lay on my bed and cried.
Oh God, what had I done? Every time I think I've met someone fabulous it turns out rotten. I had no answer and just lay on the bed crying. Eventually I had cried myself out and decided I had gone this far, I liked the girls' company and I should enjoy the work and the money and, oh yes, and the sex. So I'd stick with it.
I was just so alone.
It was too early for bed so I went out to my car and drove. I drove for hours, visiting all the spots I used to frequent in my past life- spots I now felt as a stranger in and depressed myself even further. I needed something to dull the pain so I stopped in at the liquor store and brought a bottle of vodka, a few liters of lemonade and a few six packs of RTDs.
"Lets get ready to par tay," I said to myself with zero enthusiasm and headed back to my new residence.
On the way I stopped at the local corner dairy and bought a few lemons, some chips and dip, several chocolate bars, yes big ones, and a packet of cigarettes. I had given up for good six months ago and tonight I was going to restart and what the fuck did it matter. What did anything matter come to that?
I got home, went in through the back door and made my way to my room via the kitchen to get a glass and a knife for the lemons. Straight to the vodka. With lemonade or tonic and a slice of lemon very civilized. Mind you the words get a bit slurry after your fourth and even worse after your sixth. One of the chocolate bars had disappeared, no idea how, must have been stolen. Wrapper's still there but where's the bar? Oh well not to worry, there's another and, Oh look, there are my cigarettes. Can't smoke inside I'll sit out on my patio for one and smoke my cigarettes and, ooh I know, I'll keep myself company.
And I did. I smoked fag after fag drawing the smoke deep into my lungs trying to calm myself. I started on the RTDs and had knocked off four before my stomach finally had had enough and I had to rush to the toilet and spewed up, just getting to the bowl in time.
They heard me and came to see how I was. Not good would have been something of an understatement. They were resourceful and very kind. They helped me to the bathroom and Deanna showered and dried me then got me into my nightie. While she had been doing that Louise had cleaned my room, got rid of the mess and folded my bed back. She had also put a giant teddy bear on the bed. She got me to slip in and I cuddled up against the teddy bear. It sounds silly know but I felt better hugging the teddy.
I had a headache now of course but they weren't keen to mix alcohol and aspirins so other than a cold cloth for my forehead I just had to endure it till sleep came. It came quickly as it turned out and I slept until well into the morning. They both came and sat on my bed when I woke up. They were still wonderful, just not my wonderful, and I did enjoy sharing the house with them.
"You need someone, huh," Deanna said to me as she stroked my hair.
I sniffed and nodded. I needed someone so badly. I couldn't face life on my own.
Some would call it pure chance some would call it intelligent design but at that point the phone rang. It was Deb. She had a new girl for the team and nowhere for her to stay, could she share a room with one of us? Just for a while maybe?
She could stay in my room I told her. She knew immediately what had happened, women just do.
"You'll like her," she told me," I'll bring her over now."
I rushed around tidying, had a quick shower, put my makeup on, did my hair and my nails and got dressed. I finished exactly two minutes before Deb's car pulled up outside.
I went outside to meet her. She was a younger girl, not yet twenty and a little shorter than me. Curvy with pale Celtic skin. I smiled at her and she smiled back. She walked up to me and we embraced.
"I hope you like me," she said looking me in the eye for the first few words and then looking away as though the honesty of those first few words embarrassed her.
"I liked you from the moment I saw you," I replied and I put my face forward for a kiss. She leant forward too and our lips touched. It was like a spark of electricity. Our kiss turned more and more passionate.
"Louise and I will just carry on chewing on these invisibility pills," Deana said distantly, cracking me up yet again in the process.
"Oh sorry guys, Oh God sorry, what's your name?"
"Raewyn," she replied. She looked me in the eye when she said her name then let her gaze drop immediately after.
"I'm Sara and these ladies are Deana and Louise," I told her indicating as I went.
Deb got Raewyn's luggage from the boot, gave us a kiss, gave me a longing look and went back to her car.
We waved and I took Raewyn inside. I wanted her to myself, hell she might like hair, and took her into my room- ours now- and closed the door.
"I want you to myself for now," I told her, "Is that OK?"
She gave a shy little smile and nodded.
"Yes, I hoped we might be alone. Sara, do you know what I am?" she asked me.
"Oh God, tell me you're female. You are aren't you?"
She laughed. "Of course silly. No, not that, I'm submissive. I have to have someone in charge of me." She looked at me earnestly, "it's not a game; l really do need to be submissive and to have someone in charge of me. I'm miserable if I don't."
She looked so helpless and so eager to please.
"Yes darling I can be your Dom. Do you want to be hurt? I hope not, I don't really want to spank you."
"Oh, no, but you can if you ever want to. I'm used to that," again the first words looking me in the eye and then unable to hold her gaze.
I sat down on the bed and patted the bed next to me for her to sit there. She sat and I put my arm around her.
"You need and I need. We all need don't we?"
She had only a vague idea what I was on about.
"Raewyn, I'll level with you. I've been so lonely it hurt. I can be strong for you but I need a someone. I don't need a dog. OK? I need a girl I can talk with and complain to and lean on sometimes and who I can look forward to being with and miss like crazy when I'm not with her. Do you understand?"
Tears formed in her eyes and she nodded.
"Will you let me be that person?" she asked and this time she held my gaze as she waited for my answer.
"You already are darling," I told her. I hugged her tight, "You already are."
We sat on the bed, I know it sounds corny but we really were locked in an embrace.
There was a knock at the door. I laughed.
"Sorry guys, come in we're decent." I called out.
Louise and Deana came in. Louise spoke ", hey I'm really sorry about yesterday," she started.
"Oh no, I'm the one who should be apologizing," I told her.
She smiled at me. "No, the hair was an indulgence of mine. Look Deanna and I have talked and, well, we're actresses, we love acting and as you probably know it's nearly impossible to earn enough money to live as an actress in New Zealand and this show is going to make that possible for us. So we have decided to make some adjustments too."
They had been wearing robes and they loosened their sashes letting the robes fall open and then slipped them off their shoulders and they fell to the floor. They had shaved their legs, yippee, and their arms, and their chests and even their faces. Louise still had a hairy pussy but she had done a bikini line shave and what was there was trimmed right back. She still had the hairy armpits, but that was OK. On her they were sexy, just the rest of it wasn't. Deanna had shaved everywhere and now had a bald pussy with a small triangle ending an inch above her vulva.
I clapped, got up and went over and hugged them both.
"You look fantastic guys, " I told them, "Just fantastic."
Raewyn and I stripped off and the four of us finished the RTDs, the second bar of chocolate (oh yes and the chips and dip) then started on Louise's cellar of cheapest sparkling plonk at the supermarket.
I was horny as hell and so were the others. I lay on my back and Deanna licked me from toe to head and back again.
Louise licked Raewyn and then turned her over and smacked her bottom. Raewyn simply lay there waiting to be spanked. I looked over at this round pink butt and suddenly the idea of smacking it became very exciting.
"Put your bottom up," I told her. She drew her knees up a little and pushed her butt up.
"Count."
I spanked her. I started fairly mildly and hit harder and harder as I went on. With each stroke she called out the number and said thank you Sara.
"Have you ever been spanked?" Deanna asked me.
"No. Why?"
"In that case, over my knee. Now," she told me.
I got up, lay on her lap and waited. She spanked me. It felt amazing. My butt got so hot and I could feel my pussy tingling as she smacked me. I went into a kind of trance as the smacking on my butt continued. When she finally stopped I didn't want her to.
"Oh that was amazing," I told her.
"Glad you liked it. You and Raewyn go and stand over there and compare bottoms in the mirror. "Deanna replied.
We did and agreed Raewyn's' butt was just a bit redder than mine. Louise broke out the strap-ons and Raewyn and I fucked Louise and Deanna as they lay on the bed. We then got them to turn over and slid the plastic penises up their assholes. Raewyn had Louise and she pulled on Louise's armpit hair as she shagged her ass. Louise gasped with the pain but never complained. I grabbed Deanna's hair and pulled her head back as I pounded her ass with the strap on.
"Take it bitch! Take it!" I hissed at her. She thrust her bottom back at me to get the shaft as far up her ass as possible.
Louise came first and just as she was finishing Deanna came. We pulled out and swapped partners. I put my strap on to Louise's lips and Raewyn hers to Deanna's. Louise opened her mouth and I slid the shaft deep in her mouth. I could feel her sucking on it and her hand went to her pussy as she sucked. Deanna did the same and when we pulled the shafts out they carried on frigging themselves and came a second time.
Raewyn and I sat together on the floor leaning back against the wall. She had really surprised me with her performance and I put my arms around her and then I felt it. She was shivering, her mouth was trembling and a look of absolute terror was on her face.
"Baby what's wrong?" I asked her softly, " You were fantastic."
" Oh God that is so not me," she murmured and held on to me for dear life.
I hadn't realized at the time but she had gone right out of her comfort zone- and to her comfort zone was hugely important- in doing what she had done and she had done it to please me. She had pleased Louise of course but her performing had been for me and I loved her even more. I held her tight and stroked her face and hair, told her how proud I was of her and how she wouldn't have to play that role again and gradually brought her back down to near normal.
By this time the girls had recovered. Louise asked Raewyn if she would help her in the kitchen and Deana stayed with me. When they had left the room Deana spoke.
"She is going to demand an incredible amount of your time and energy. You know that don't you?"
"Oh yes I know. But you know what? I'm up for it. She's out of the room now and I'm counting the seconds till I see her again. She's the one, know what I mean?"
She smiled and nodded.
"So, you know what? Whatever it takes, whatever she needs I am up for it."
"You're kinda wonderful yourself you know," Deanna said to me after a time and she gave me a hug.
They came in with a tray with a pot of coffee and milk and sugar. Raewyn was mother. Louise had got her to do something she was happy doing and serving coffee was such a thing- in doing this she forgot all about what she had done before and how it had terrified her. I was impressed- I certainly hadn't thought of it.
I had lots to learn.
End