I suppose this actually started 3 or 4 weeks ago. The Saturday of that weekend I had worked in my garden most of the afternoon. Afterwards I had a nice long soak in the bath to ease my aching muscles.
I settled on the sofa after my bath, removed my robe and started rubbing body lotion into my skin. My skin was glowing with the lotion and my gentle rubbing. I was feeling nicely relaxed.
I suddenly realised that it was dark outside, my living room lights were on and the blinds on my windows were open. Without thinking I stood up and walked to the bay window to close the blinds. As I was taking hold of the cord for the blinds the security light for the front of the house suddenly came on.
I looked out and spotted a shape at the end of the front garden. As the person looked in my direction and lifted their arm to wave I recognised them as Duncan, a neighbour from four doors away. As his hand froze half-way to the wave of acknowledgement I suddenly realised that I was completely naked, giving him a fully exposed view of my body.
I now had to make a choice between brazening out my accidental exposure and scurrying back to the sofa. I decided on the former and stood in the window 'playing' with the cord for the blinds, giving the impression that I hadn't actually seen Duncan.
My mind was racing. Duncan and his wife are in their 40s and I wondered what he thought of my 34" boobs, 30" waist and 35" hips. My nipples had become erect at the thrill of him seeing me. I wondered if he would be able to tell. I knew that he would be able to make out my trimmed bush and another tremor went through my body at that knowledge.
After probably no more than 30 seconds (which seemed like minutes) I turned sideways on to present my profile. He would now be able to see the shape of my boobs and must be able to see how prominent my nipples were.
I was surprised at my own reaction. My mouth was dry and I was on the point of hyper-ventilating. I forced myself take slow relaxed breaths, which caused my chest to rise and fall, no doubt drawing his attention there again.
After another 30 seconds or so of playing with the cord I turned back towards the living room, presenting him with a view of my bum.
"My God, Sue, what are you doing?" I thought to myself then bent down slightly over the occasional table that was in the bay window, pretending to tidy it slightly and reach over it to pick something up. I didn't know whether he was close enough to see my pussy lips but the thought that he might be able to do so was almost the final straw.
I groaned to myself. I wanted to move my hand down and between my legs but decided that would be going too far. I stood back up straight, reached for cord of the blinds and lowered them, hiding myself from his view.
I almost ran back to the sofa and collapsed onto it. I rested backwards, the cold leather shocking the skin of my back, causing me to gasp. I allowed my thighs to part slightly. I had to touch myself. I ran the fingers of my right hand through my pubic hair, quickly over my clit and to my lips. My fingers slipped between very moist outer lips to my opening.
I gathered a little of my fluid and moved my finger to my clit. The slight pressure of my finger on and around my clit, combined with the moisture, and the fact that I was pulling on a nipple with my left hand gave me an almost instantaneous orgasm. I'm sure I screamed with pleasure as I gasped for breath.
"Oh my. That was amazing!" I thought to myself as I calmed down.
Then I suddenly started to panic, wondering what Duncan made of my little show. Did he think it was an invitation of some sort? Did he believe that I hadn't actually seen him? Did he hear my orgasmic scream? I waited with a sense of trepidation for the doorbell to ring. If it had rung I'm not sure what would have happened.
As it happens, the doorbell didn't ring. I was eventually able to relax, get myself together and go to bed. Where I slept the sleep of the not-quite-innocent.
For the next two weeks or so I was on tenterhooks about what I'd done and whether there'd be any consequences. Would Duncan knock on my door? Would he have told his wife Pam about what he'd seen? If he did, would she come to see me or 'phone me to complain. Would they tell anyone else on the street? All of those questions ran through my mind periodically. In actual fact, nothing happened so I breathed a sigh of relief, but made sure I closed my blinds earlier in the evening.
We now fast-forward to the weekend just gone. On Saturday I went to London to meet a girlfriend for lunch and to see a show in the afternoon. We went our separate ways early in the evening because she had to collect her husband and children from some event.
I returned to my local train station then took a taxi to my home village. As the taxi entered the village I decided to call in at the local pub for a glass of wine. The village pub is quite a little community and I know that there will always be someone I know who I can talk to. If no-one else, I know the owners quite well.
As I walked into the pub I looked around. I saw Duncan & Pam at a table with quite a few other people. I nodded to them as we usually do when we see each other in the pub and made my way to the bar. I ordered a large glass of wine and looked around for a conversation to join. Almost immediately Duncan appeared at my elbow and told me that he was on the way to the gents (too much information really) and suggested I join them.
I asked the usual "Are you sure?" which was answered with a vigorous nod of the head so I made my way to their group.
Pam edged along the seat slightly to create some room for me and I sat down next to her, then I was introduced to the others in the group. They were not village residents but had been visiting Duncan and Pam for the day and, it being a Saturday evening, had elected to finish the evening in the pub.
When I removed my coat and they saw my dress I got a couple of "Wow"s. I quickly explained that I'd been up to a show in London etc. and that I always liked dressing up to do that. I got a few "No complaints from us!" type of replies and soon relaxed into the group.
The rest of the evening flew by. I couldn't say what we talked about but I did notice the odd touch of my arm, hand & leg by both Duncan and Pam. I didn't really think anything of it but at the back of my mind I couldn't remember anything like that happening other times we'd been in the pub together.
It was soon closing time and we all got up to leave the pub together. As we approached Pam & Duncan's house I started to say goodnight but Pam interrupted and invited me to join them and their friends to continue the discussion and to have a nightcap.
When we entered their house every one settled down, Duncan put on some background music and Pam got everyone a drink. Again, the conversation flowed but I can't recall the details. Eventually, as it was approaching midnight the designated driver said she thought it was time to go so the other couples gathered their things together and made their way to the door.
I said my goodbyes to them and was going to do the same with Duncan and Pam when they closed the front door and ushered me back into the living room. I accepted the offer of an Irish Coffee to end the night and Pam went to make it as I chatted with Duncan.
Duncan suddenly jumped up and held his hand towards me. I was nonplussed until I realised he was commenting on the song that was playing and asking me if I remembered a street party of a few years beforehand when I had danced with him to that very song.
I had to admit that I did. I think I even blushed slightly because it was quite a drunken night and there had been some close dancing by all of the neighbours, and not necessarily with their own partners. The street being what it is though, nothing 'untoward' had happened then or since (as far as I knew) but it was a nice memory.
I hesitated briefly then joined Duncan in the middle of the room. We started a respectable distance apart but as the song continued we gradually came into contact. I thought nothing of it until I heard a cough. I turned around to see Pam standing the doorway, our coffees on a tray and a wry smile on her face.
"I seem to remember we almost had to pry you two apart last time you were dancing to that song." She said, but continuing to smile.
I stammered an apology but she said it was okay and not to worry about it.
We all sat down again and started drinking our coffees. I thought there seemed to be a lot of alcohol in mine but I was only a few doors from home so didn't really worry about it.
As the music continued play Pam and I got up to dance again, then she danced with Duncan and it was my turn to dance with Duncan again. Another slow song came on and he pulled me to him. I didn't protest but I did ask about Pam and he said that she was quite happy with us dancing. He turned us round so I could see her over his shoulder. Her eyes were closed and she was moving her head in time with the music.
He spun us around again so my back was to Pam. His hands dropped down to my waist and then onto my bum. He whispered how much he liked my dress as he pulled me to him. I could feel his cock pressing into me and feeling a little devilish pushed into it and moaned slightly.
"I really enjoyed the show you gave me the other week." He said.
I gasped and looked up at him. He winked at me.
"You have a great figure and lovely tits."
"Shh!" I whispered back.
"Don't worry. Pam's okay about it. She wanted to know why I was so aroused when I got home that night. So I told her."
"Oh God. I want to apologise."
"No, don't. In fact, we've wanted to invite you round for dinner since then but it just hasn't been right. Tonight is an opportunity we couldn't miss."
"What do you mean?"
"Turn round." He said as he released me and applied pressure to my shoulders.
I did as he said and found myself looking down at Pam whose eyes were now open and had a glint in them. She nodded her head but whether at me or Duncan I couldn't say.
I sensed Duncan move up close behind me. His hands started at my waist and moved slowly up and down my sides and even around to my stomach, stroking me gently. Pam's eyes dropped from mine and followed the movements of Duncan's hands.
I continued to sway in time to the music as Duncan's hands returned to my shoulders. He leant in and kissed my neck. I tilted my head to improve his access. His nose buried itself in the area behind my ear lobe. I moaned with pleasure. His hands started and my neck and brushed outwards.
I realised that he had nudged the straps of my dress off my shoulders and down my arms. He manoeuvred my arms out of the straps and I reached up and back to pull his head and lips tightly into my neck.
I looked at Pam. Her eyes were on mine, then they looked down to my shoulders, then up a little and off to the side where Duncan's face was buried in my neck.
Duncan stepped back slightly and his fingers moved to the zip of my dress. I felt him loosen the button at the top then my dress parted as he lowered the zip. I could have held the dress in place but was just going with the moment. I looked at Pam again and her mouth was slightly open, her tongue licking her lips. As my dress fell away from my front she seemed to shudder.
The dress pooled at my feet and Duncan helped me step out of it. He picked it up and tossed it to Pam. She held it to her nose and breathed in deeply, inhaling the traces of perfume I had left on it. It was such an erotic gesture.
Duncan's hands played over my skin as my matching black half-cup bra & panties together with black hold-ups were revealed. The contrast between my black underwear and the skin of my thighs drew Pam's attention downwards but only briefly as Duncan's hands moved behind my back and somewhat expertly released the catch on my bra.
As soon as it was loose, as it was strapless, my bra fell away from my breasts, exposing them to Pam's gaze.
"Duncan, feel her breasts. Play with her nipples." I heard Pam say.
As he initially cupped my breasts and trapped my nipples between his fingers, she continued "No. Pull her nipples. Roll them between your fingers and thumbs. She'll love that as much as I do."
I groaned with anticipation of the painful pleasure I was about to experience. Sure enough, his pinching and rolling of my nipples sent sensations through my body. My legs briefly gave way but Duncan was supporting me. I could see the lust and desire in Pam's eyes.
As he was supporting me I pushed my bum back against him, feeling his erection in his trousers nestling against my bum cheeks.
Duncan's left hand released my breast and started moving downwards, stroking my stomach, and then reaching my panties. It slipped into my panties under the waistband. His fingers moved into and played with my trimmed bush.
"Mmm, I've wanted to feel this ever since you showed it to me from your window." Duncan whispered into my ear.
I moved my hips up and down slightly, enjoying feeling his erection and hearing him moan. I sensed a presence in front of me, opened my eyes and Pam was right there. She moved in, pressing her body against mine, and kissed Duncan passionately over my shoulder.
Their mouths parted and suddenly Pam's lips were on mine. With Duncan's hand on my right breast, Pam cupped my left and she started teasing my nipple as Duncan had been doing. Duncan's hand in my bush was twisting and pulling my hair. That was a new sensation for me. No-one had ever teased me that way. Again pain and pleasure were combining to increase my arousal.
Pam's hands moved onto my hips, sliding under the waistband of my panties at the sides and then easing them down off my hips and down to my thighs. They stopped halfway down my thighs and Pam moved a hand to my mound. Her fingers played gently over Duncan's hand in my bush then dived between my legs and into contact with my labia.
She knew just what to do. A quick delve into my slit then out again left me moaning with frustration. Her fingers glided through the moisture and skimmed over my clit. Then her fingers disappeared, returning to my panties and lowering them down my legs. She lifted each of my feet in turn to help me step out of my panties. I saw a black blur flung into the corner of the room as she tossed them aside.
As Pam stood up again I reached towards her and pulled her face to mine. Our lips met again in another passionate kiss.
I sensed Duncan stepping backwards away from me. He took one of my hands and gently pulled it backwards, into contact with his zip. I flipped the catch and eased the zip downwards.
At the same time Pam stepped away from me, reached down and then lifted her top over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra and I took in the sight of her exposed breasts, slightly larger than mine, her distended nipples pointing slightly upwards. She then loosened her skirt, allowed it to fall off her hips and kicked it away. Her legs were bare, as was her pussy. I would never have expected her to be without underwear, or perhaps she removed her tights and undies earlier once she was home. Her bush was trimmed, like mine. So, not everyone shaves completely nowadays. And I then understood Duncan's pleasure and teasing at finding that I was also trimmed not shaven.
Once she was naked, Pam took my hands and placed them on her breasts. I initially cupped her breasts, feeling their weight, but almost immediate started twisting her nipples and running my thumbs back and fore over them.
I felt Duncan's cock against my bum, nestling in the crack, and I realised that he had removed it from his underwear himself as my hands were busy with Pam. Pam held my hands in place against her breasts and started moving backwards to the sofa. She lowered herself to a seating position causing me to bend forwards.
Duncan's hands kept my waist in place, my legs straight. As Pam lowered herself I bent over further, my head level with and then below waist height. The movement and position opened my pussy and Duncan's cock head rested just at my opening. He bent his legs slightly then moved up and forwards. His cock slipped easily into my pussy.
His cock filled me quite nicely and he bottomed out, his groin pressed up against me. I desperately wanted to kiss Pam, either on her breasts or her mouth. Duncan edged me forwards and closer to Pam. He groaned with each movement. The pleasure that was coursing through me was indescribable.
Pam reached up with one hand and pulled my mouth to her chest. I latched onto a nipple, enjoying the firmness as I nibbled it between my teeth. Pam squealed slightly and her free hand started rubbing her own pussy.
Duncan switched between moving in and out and grinding against me.
I saw Pam nod slightly then she laid further back on the sofa. Even though Duncan moved me closer my mouth could not stay on her breast. As she moved away my mouth gradually moved down her body, tracking alongside her arm to her wrist and then her hand. My lips felt the soft texture of her pubic her, it seemed much finer than mine felt, especially as my tongue trailed through it.
I groaned in frustration as Duncan suddenly withdrew his cock from my pussy. Then I felt his hand pressing down at the base of my spine and I realised that he wanted me to lower myself onto my knees.
As I lowered myself Pam's hands caressed my hair and she parted her legs. My mouth dropped down from her pubic hair and over her pussy. I looked upwards and saw Pam playing with her own nipples.
Duncan knelt down behind me, used his hand to part my legs slightly and penetrated my pussy with his cock again. The pleasure caused me to moan again and the vibrations of the moan went straight into Pam's pussy.
"Does my husband's cock feel good in your pussy Sue? Is he filling you nicely?" I heard Pam ask as she breathed deeply.
I wanted to answer her but my mouth was pressed against her. I could just about nod and then slipped my tongue out of my mouth and trailed it from the back of her pussy through her labia to the front. My nose was up against Pam's clit and every time Duncan pushed into me, my nose rubbed against her clit.
Duncan's hand left my hip and moved to my pussy. He moved his fingers through our combined fluids and then I felt something against my bum hole. I tensed slightly in case he wanted to penetrate my bum but he just teased it with his thumb.
I relaxed again and then spread Pam's thighs a little wider to give me more freedom to work her pussy with my tongue. She moaned almost continuously and my nose repeatedly bumped her sensitive clit. Her hips lifted and pushed against me as we all combined into a comfortable rhythm.
"Oh yes Sue, mmm, lick me just like that!" I heard Pam panting as I moved my nose around her clit and my tongue teased her entrance. Her juices tasted sweet and were covering my mouth and lips.
Duncan picked up the pace and I suspected he was very close to coming. Pam was also panting and moaning with pleasure. I was very close to coming myself when Duncan thrust into me one last time and then stopped moving completely. I groaned and pressed back against him.
I was so close then I felt his thumb at my bum hole and the fingers of his other hand at my clit. My orgasm crashed through me and I definitely screamed in pleasure. That was enough to cause Pam to also orgasm, helped I'm sure by her own playing with her nipples. She panted and moaned quietly as she came down from her high.
Duncan's self-control was impressive. As my pussy muscle squeezed his cock he groaned out loud. He suddenly pulled himself out of me. I gasped in surprise then very quickly felt something dropping onto my back as I felt Duncan's legs bumping against mine. Somehow he had managed to stop himself coming until his cock was out of me and resting on my bum cheeks.
I lifted my head slightly and rested it on Pam's pubic mound as I tried to get my own breath back. I felt Duncan's hands on my back. He was supporting himself as he got his breath back. He then patted my bum as he moved away from me. I just revelled in the pleasurable feelings but my knees were hurting.
Duncan got up, walked out of the room then returned with a towel which he used to wipe his sperm from my back. I then eased myself off the floor. As I did so Pam shuffled up until she was lying back on the sofa. She held out her arms and I laid down next to her. Duncan came into the room wearing a robe and carrying a duvet which he laid over Pam and me. Pam and I spooned with Pam behind me and her arm draped over me as we both enjoyed our post orgasmic bliss.
Duncan disappeared from the room and quickly returned carrying glasses of water for each of us. He sat down and just watched us until we indicated that we would like our drinks. Pam and I sat up on the sofa, with the duvet on our laps as we took our drinks from Duncan and gratefully swallowed the chilled water. Never has a glass of water been so refreshing to me.
Eventually Duncan stood up and moved towards us. He held out his hands and helped us stand. He turned and led us out of the room towards the stairs. Although I was very tempted to accompany them upstairs to continue the evening's fun, I extricated my hand from Duncan's and stood still.
They both turned towards me so I moved to them and gave them a group hug. I then kissed there cheeks and turned back towards the living room.
I thanked them then, gathered up my clothes and purse and wished them goodnight.
I dashed up the close from their house to mine. When my security light came on I briefly wondered if any of the other neighbours were out and about. I fumbled in my purse, trying to find my keys then let myself in my house.
After a quick visit to the bathroom I lay down on my bed and allowed sleep to take me.