This story has a little of everything. Light bondage, public nudity (of course), and FF sex.
I appreciate any feedback and your votes.
Lily: Backyard: June 11th
.....................................................................................................................
"Crack." The noise sounded like a large animal stepping on a branch. Naked, I leaned up on my elbows to see the woods at the bottom of my yard. I lived in an old farmhouse on the edge of town and taught at the local middle school. National Nude day was coming quickly, and I wanted to be ready, but I certainly didn't want any students to see me.
I'm 35, I run, I have a piercing in my nose, my right breast, and my belly button. I'm clean-shaven everywhere, and I take care of myself. "Who cares if someone is watching? I have nothing to be ashamed of." I thought. "I'm blonde and in great shape."
The problem was, I cared. Small town Americana is not the place to tan naked. If one of my students saw me, I'm sure the news would be all over school. In a Catholic school, one town over, they fired a teacher for getting pregnant and not being married.
I didn't see anyone, so I closed my eyes, flipped to my stomach, and went back to reading. It could have been a chipmunk out for a morning stroll, for all I knew.
It was too hard to read this way, I didn't want to lie on my back and expose more of myself. Soon my thoughts wandered.
I was ready for a change.
Restless and uncomfortable in my skin, my house, my old job, my tiny farming town, I yearned for more. I could no longer stand living in the fog of depression, wracked by anxiety and guilt. I was tired of being tired. I took medicine to help the anxiety, medicine to help the depression and medicine to help me sleep. My Dr recently put me on medication to help with the effects of, wait for it now, my other medications. I wanted to throw it all away.
Running always made me feel better, why couldn't I just do that, and not take any medicine.
My boyfriend of 4 years had recently left me for a younger woman. He had the nerve to tell me, I was boring and he needed more excitement in bed. Not wanted, 'needed,' mind you. What the hell did that even mean? Was anal sex a need now?
My entire life, I dreamed of Europe. I longed to drink wine in Paris, ski the Alps, lay on the beach in the south of France, drink German beer, tour Italy, drink Ouzo, and eat seafood in Greece.
I was a teacher. I had no pets, I'm quiet, an introvert. Yes, the few friends I had would know I left, but I doubted they would miss me. My parents lived on the other side of the country.
I eagerly planned the places I would go and the pictures I would take. The food I would eat, the wine I would drink, the lovers I would take.
Life in small-town America could be so very dull.
I wanted passion; I wanted to fall in love. I didn't care if it was a man or a woman, books or places, or a wine, I just wanted to be in love. I wanted to get up in the morning and do something of importance. I wanted to matter.
I intended to run with the bulls, swim with dolphins, kiss the Blarney Stone, and eat all the food I would never eat again. I wanted to sing and dance.
Could Europe be the change I yearned for?
I felt tired of following rules; I vowed that I would be bold and brave on this trip. I used clothes as a barrier; they were baggy and showed nothing of my body. I used my clothes to hide from the world. I promised myself that would change. I planned to lay naked on the beaches in the south of France.
There was no reason to hide any longer. I took care of my body; I was smart; I carried conversations.
I vowed that if I wanted to try a wine, I would, and if I wanted to try exotic food, I would, and if someone wanted to have sex with me, that would be okay too.
If I'm being honest, I'll admit that I don't know if I ever would have gone to Europe. I had a hundred reasons it made little sense, even if I could afford it.
For God's sake, I couldn't even bring myself to buy clothes if they were not on sale. A small-town Midwest girl in Paris? Please, they would eat me alive.
I grew up poor and never wanted to find myself in that situation again.
Then I lost my teaching job. Enrollment was down; I didn't have seniority, and the bosses wanted to keep teachers that could do multiple subjects. The state was in a budget crunch, and money for education was tight. Nobody was hiring. But, hey! I could always sub if I wanted, they needed subs.
My way of dealing with the stress did not help. I bought wine, lots of wine, sat in my lonely little house, with boring white walls, drank, and pondered my next step. I tried not to worry about the things I should be doing. 'Should,' was such a negative word.
The wine hadn't helped much.
There was no way to justify a trip to Europe now.
The perfect time to travel would never exist. Why not go when I didn't have a steady job?
I put my earbuds in and drifted off to sleep. "Go," and "don't go," running through my mind.
Did I see a glint in the woods, as I closed my eyes?
The South of France: July 13th: 9 PM
..................................................................................................................
Miranda Cosgrove rolled her eyes in the dim club, when the DJ cranked the techno-funk. The pounding beat left her nerves jangling, as her heels clicked a rapid beat, on the club floor.
She wanted to get up, run, dance, or just move her body, but her husband was on the dance floor, and she needed to keep an eye on him.
The strobes and the liquor caused a pounding headache, and she wished they could leave.
Her husband, an old man, was stinking rich. Because he found money desirable, he naturally assumed that women found him attractive. He loved women and lusted after anything in a skirt. Red hair, blonde or brunette, it didn't matter. Magnificent breasts or pert handfuls, he didn't care. Curvy or not, he would take them all.
William Cosgrove didn't care that his very attractive, irate wife watched. At one time, he would have tried to hide his indiscretions, but no longer. He didn't delude himself by thinking that she loved him; he knew that she loved his money. A divorce would be costly for her.
In fact, he decided to ask her to join his games.
He smiled at the shorter of the two blondes dancing with him. He wasn't in the habit of asking for what he wanted. Why ask? He would "insist" that his wife agree to the pursuit of pleasure. The more, the merrier, right?
He took a sip of champagne from the bottle in his right hand, reached for the blonde's ass with his left hand, and pulled her into him.
She smiled, "What can I do for you, honey?"
"How about you two come back to my table?" He smashed her tight into his pelvis, so he could grind.
"
Like that?" He asked.
She ignored the question, the grinding, and the ass grab, "As long as you buy us some of that?" She pointed at the expensive bottle of champagne.
"You can have as much as you want." He grinned, transaction concluded. He wasn't sure what their story was, but he understood they were willing, and the girls knew he would pay. Game, set, match!
If he cared to ask the short blonde whose ass he had a firm grip on, what her story was, she would have told him.
She and her friend were traveling in the south of France. They were students from Ukraine. Russia destroyed their village, leaving no work and little hope of things improving. Their families had no money, and the young women were nothing more than a burden.
So, they traveled around Europe, making what money they could and sending any remaining money home.
They thought of William Cosgrove as a rich fuck, literally and figuratively, and they were happy to indulge his fantasies, as they had nothing to eat for over a day, and had pawned most of their clothes. What remained of their worldly goods was in a storage locker in the city. It wasn't much more than a pair of panties, some leggings, and a t-shirt. The stuff they couldn't sell.
Miranda's jaw dropped when she saw the two women coming back to the table with William. Tall, skinny, blonde, they were gorgeous! She flushed when the crowd diminished, and she could see what they were wearing, or more accurately, what they were not wearing.
Each had a 2-piece dress on, tight enough that she could tell they were not wearing a bra or panties. The bottom part was cut high on the hips, and long, lean legs flashed as they walked. It looked more like a loincloth than anything else.
"Thank god, for double-sided tape." She thought.
"Honey, let me introduce my friends." William gestured with his hand. He looked at the two women and realized he didn't know their names.
"Anna." Responded the shorter of the two and kissed William on one cheek.
"Erica." Responded the second woman and kissed William on the other cheek.
"Anna and Erica, this is my wife, Miranda." William was expansive with his gestures. "Please do sit down."
"Yes, please, join us." Miranda crossed her arms, glaring at the two.
"Are you sure?" Asked Anna.
"Yes, I would be ever so delighted to have you join MY husband and me for a drink."
Miranda's smile was brief and didn't reach her eyes.
William raised a hand to attract the attention of a cocktail girl.
His mind filled with thoughts of pleasures to come. This would be perfect! Miranda was furious. Wait until she found out she would join the three of them in bed! He smiled at her humiliation.
Would she do it? Would she refuse and leave him, or worse yet, would she refuse and stick around and make his life miserable? They had an air-tight prenuptial agreement, so he wasn't worried if she left. Truth be told, he was tired of her petty jealousy.
He thought they had an agreement. He got sex; his wife got money. He assumed she was worldly, and knew he would have other women.
"Yes, Sir, how can I help?" The waitress winked at him, and for a moment, he wondered if she was offering more than drinks? He had a certain reputation. He thought that turning 70 would take his mind away from sex, like the tide running out. But if anything he thought of sex more, now that he wasn't working. Thank GOD for Viagra.
"Three bottles of champagne, please." He may be a libertine, but he was a polite libertine.
"Could we order some food?" Erica asked.
"We'll eat back at the yacht," William informed them as he dismissed the waitress, an attractive brunette, with long legs, a short skirt, and lots of cleavage on display.
"So, ahhmm, are you asking us back to the boat?" Erica interjected. "You didn't mention that part."
"Of course! Where else would you rather go?" William grinned. "You can't honestly have somewhere better to be?"
"No, no, we'd love to come with you, but...." She glanced at Miranda.
"Pish, posh," he waved his hand in the air. "Have a drink! You too, honey!" He gestured at Miranda. "It'll be loads of splendid fun."
Miranda's family was from the North of Italy, and she wasn't having the least bit of fun, nor did she think she would, and in fact, Miranda wondered if she shouldn't walkout. A simple phone call and her Papa would be here. He never approved of the marriage, and would be glad to say, "I told you so."
Then the music stopped, and Anna smiled at Miranda. "Can I sit by you?"
Miranda glared at her, daring her to take the open seat.
Lily: JFK Airport - July 1st, 10 PM
...............................................................................................................
People smiled at me. I wondered why, but mostly I just smiled back. Had I left something undone on my sundress?
I hardly believed everything that happened. I wanted a fresh life, I was tired of hiding, and by god, I did it. I sold my house, my car, most of my old clothes and all of my furniture. I bounced off the walls, giddy with excitement. This was the trip of a lifetime.
I had one bag, and my backpack: everything else I sold. If I was careful, I had enough money for a year in Europe. I would stay in hostels, travel by train, eat cheaply.
I refused to ponder what would happen when the money ran out. I would deal with that when it happened. My tickets were non-refundable and open-ended. They were my safety net.
My parents wished me luck and told me to call when I was home. They said that this was something I had to do while I was young. They would miss me during the holidays, but they understood, and besides, I already lived on the other side of the country. Was there anything else they asked? The game was on, and they wanted to watch it. My parents were like that.
My friends were much more excited and happy, and they promised to call and e-mail and made me swear to take lots of pictures, so they could live vicariously. We went out to the only German restaurant in the city, ate pretzels and got drunk on German beer served in glass boots.
My plane stopped first in Amsterdam, where I would visit the red-light district. I planned on hiring a prostitute. I would be in charge. I wanted to feel everything. No emotional connection, just skin touching skin, passion, and lust, filling my senses. For the longest time, I wondered what it would be like with a woman, and now I would know.
As if to test my resolve, several attractive men were on the plane. Why not let one of them seduce me? They checked me out, their eyes following my passage. My sundress went to my thighs and left loads of cleavage bare.
One even asked if he could sit by me.
"I don't think we can do that." I looked up into his green eyes.
"Well, I've already spoken with the stewardess, and she informed me that this seat was empty, and I could take it." He sounded amused. "The unfortunate chap at my other spot is sick. I had rather hoped I could sit in first class but alas, she refused that request."
"I guess I don't mind," I replied with a brief smile.
He sat and crossed his corduroy covered legs. Brown pants, a Gingham button-down shirt, a white sweater, and leather shoes presented the perfect picture of a casual European businessman.
Did I already mention his green eyes, well how about his chiseled cheekbones, and well-defined chin? He was lean and attractive. Yumm!
"I'm Lily." I reached my hand out, and he shook it.
"Ian." He replied. "I'm from Copenhagen."
"Nice! Maybe you could give me the inside scoop on places to see."
"Are you coming to visit our lovely city?" He grinned. "I could make time to show you around."
"I'd love a tour guide." I had to restrain myself. "But I'm flying into Amsterdam first."
"Phone, please." He held his hand out with a cheeky grin, and I handed my phone over.
"You're probably putting your dead uncle Leo's number in." I said with a wry smile.
"No, no. no." He let his eyes wander up and down my body. I blushed as he checked me out.
"You madam, are exquisite, and I would be delighted to show you around town."
I grinned. "Cool, it's a date."
There was a lull in the conversation for a moment, so he stowed his bag and took out a book to read. I was disappointed to see it was a book on being a better boss. Boring!
I put my earbuds in and turned my book on—Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. I've read it before, who hasn't, but I wanted to pretend I was cosmopolitan. I could see him out of the corner of my eye, peeking at my phone.
"Marvelous view." He tapped me on the shoulder and pointed. We were over the coast.
"It is!" I smiled up at him.
"What are you reading?" He asked at the same time I did. I snorted, and then dissolved in a fit of giggles. My hand ended up on his muscular thigh as we laughed together, and it was nice, very nice.
No flab there, no sir, just firm muscles.
"So?" He looked down at my hand. "I couldn't help noticing you were reading?"
"Right." I jerked my hand back, grabbed my phone with one hand, and my earbuds with the other, which had the unfortunate result of flipping my phone into his lap. I lunged for it, forgetting that I had a drink on the tray by the window.
"Aaahhh," I screeched as the ice-cold gin and tonic landed in my lap.
"Shit," I exclaimed. The drink soaked through the light fabric of my dress. "Damn it, I need to get this cleaned up." I picked up the slice of lime and stood to go to the bathroom.
"I'm happy to help?" He arched an eyebrow.
"I'm sure you are, buddy. I'll be right back."
In retrospect, I should have waited for a second, I could see he was trying to get up, but I was in a hurry and squeezed by him, we hit turbulence. I ended up in his lap, my breasts pressed into his face.
Mortified, I pushed myself to my feet and into the aisle. "I'm so sorry."
"No worries, dear, my seat is your seat and all that jazz." He grinned, and at that moment, the seatbelt light came on. "You best sit down before the stewardess arrives." He pointed at the seatbelt light.
I turned, so my back was to him, as I went past his feet. I was nervous and upset, and I didn't think of waiting for him to move. I should have known, we hit turbulence again. I ended up sitting in his lap this time.
The turbulence lasted a good 30 seconds, and I spent the entire time squirming. He finally wrapped his hands around my waist, his large muscular hands, and held me tight.
I let myself fall back against his broad chest, and I thought he might grope me then and there.
Alas, the airplane calmed, so I no longer had an excuse to linger.
"Yes, right, well, hopefully, that's done." I stood, my face burning, straightened my skirt, and sat down in my seat. The wet dress clung to my legs. I shivered and crossed my arms. I wished that I had something more to say, something bright and witty, but all I could feel was the heat coloring my cheeks.
"Are you cold?" He asked.
"I'm fine," I replied with a wan smile.
He had his seatbelt on but squirmed out of his sweater. He set it on the middle arm-rest. He started reading, his elbow on the sweater. He nudged it until it landed in my lap.
"Dang it. I don't know what to do with that thing." I smiled, he was such a horrible actor. "I don't want it on the floor, and I can't put it in the overhead, or it will wrinkle, would you mind holding it?"
"Thank you. That's sweet." I responded.
"Wow, would you look at that?" He pointed out the window and leaned. A lightning streak flashed across the angry purple clouds.
It was just then that the plane lurched, and his face ended up next to mine. His light cologne smelled of the outdoors. I bit my lower lip, imagining what it would be like to run my tongue up and down his chest, sucking on a nipple, and inhaling the scent. He smelled that good.
"Well, this is exciting." He smiled from a distance of about six inches. "I rather think I am going to kiss you now." He murmured.
"I rather think I would like that." I smiled.
The kiss, however, was brief and most proper. At least he didn't commit the ultimate sin of kissing my cheek like I was some long-lost aunt. He leaned back in his own seat, after a moment. I noticed that our shoulders were touching.
"This is your captain speaking. I've turned the seatbelt sign back on. You may have noticed that we hit some turbulence. Unfortunately, folks, this is a bigger storm, and it will be a good 45 minutes until we fly out of it. I'll let you know when we're clear."
"That sucks," I muttered.
"What? Trapped here with me sucks?" He seemed concerned.
"No, not that, you big lug." I playfully smacked his arm. "I'm all wet." I lifted the sweater to show him the gin and tonic had soaked my skirt. "My panties are even wet."
"Well, I do seem to have that effect on lasses." He grinned.
My face felt like it was on fire. "Hilarious, but it doesn't solve my problem."
"So, take them off." He smirked.
"Take them off?" I asked, aghast.
"Why not? Do it under the sweater. Nobody needs to see."
The old Lily wouldn't have done it, but the new Lily....
Outside the club/Limo: South of France: July 13th: 10:00 PM
..................................................................................................................
Miranda was glad she stayed. Anna proved to be an attractive drinking companion. The girl wasted no time in sitting, kissing her cheeks, and then wrapping her arm around Miranda's shoulder. Soon, the two chatted like old friends.
Except, none of Miranda's friends rested a hand on her upper thigh, and they didn't talk in her ear when the music grew loud. Miranda couldn't help but turn her body toward Anna.
A thought crossed her mind. 'If William can have lovers, then why can't I?'
So, when her husband suggested they take the limo back to the yacht, she was more than ready, as she assumed the girls would come.
William, being the prick he was, had other ideas. "I'm sorry, girls, but if you want to come back to the yacht, it will cost you."
Erica bit her lower lip in a parody of a pout. "But, you promised us dinner." Anna stood next to Miranda and didn't say a word. A frown on her face, as she felt tears form. They had counted on finding dates tonight and had no money, and no place to go.
Miranda interjected, "Don't be a prick, dear. You promised that we would feed them."
"Nothing is free, I've earned everything. The girls need to pay." William growled.
"So, what do you want?" Asked Erica.
"I want to see your breasts. Take the top part of your dress off, leave it in the parking lot, and you can come... To the yacht." He thought the pun was funny.
"This is my only dress," protested Anna.
"Well, then you will need to buy another, won't you," William said, with a sneer.
"I wonder what that will cost," replied Erica.
"Dear, you are going above and beyond your normal asshole behavior. Let them come with us." Miranda defended the two girls.
"No, it's okay." Anna held up her hand. "You're sweet to stick up for us."
Anna lifted her top off with two hands, and Erica followed suit. Their breasts bounced on their chest, nipples erect in the chilly night air. Miranda thought it impossible to tell if they had work done, as both girls had fantastic bodies.
They handed the tops to William, who promptly threw them in the garbage. "You won't need those."
An older lady walked out of the club with a younger gentleman. "Starlets." She harrumphed.
The boys in the valet stand leered at the topless women. Both girls blushed, used to men, lusting after them, it still felt vaguely inappropriate to be naked in public.
They were visible to any patron going in and out of the club. A group stopped to enjoy a cigarette before going in, though not every one lit-up, and Anna saw flashes from the group.
She asked them, and they claimed they were taking selfies.
It seemed to take forever, but soon a long black limo pulled up. A large, well-built driver climbed out. He wore a tailored black suit and tie. His scruffy beard was topped by a bald head. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him.
He strolled to the back of the car where the group waited and opened the rear door.
"Ladies?" He gestured with one arm.
Miranda went first. Her silk-covered ass on prominent display, as she bent to climb into the limo. There was no way to get into the vehicle and not provide a show for the driver.
"Girls." The driver had a smarmy grin.
Anna and then Erica entered the posh limo. The driver's eyes never left their breasts, and he had a grin plastered across his face.
"Boss?" The driver opened a second door and then stepped back while waiting for William, who had plenty of room to enter.
"What was that?" Anna asked Miranda.
"Pay him no mind. He's Italian and fancies himself a lover. He acts in the most horrid fashion, but William likes him, and that's all that matters." Miranda responded.
Anna and Erica sat on the back seat, joined at the hips. Miranda was next to them, but William sat on the other bench, facing the women. He opened a refrigerator, taking out a bottle of champagne, sushi, caviar, cheese, fruit (Strawberries dipped in chocolate, strawberries, and cream) and schnapps.
"I promised you a meal, and a meal you shall have, as long as you pay." He informed Anna and Erica.
"Oh, for God's sake." It disgusted and embarrassed Miranda that her husband turned everything into a transaction. He wasn't like this when they married.
"Let me guess, our payment is taking something else off?" Anna asked.
"That's right - your skirts." The skimpy material wasn't hiding much, so both girls tugged the skirts off, and handed them to William, who promptly rolled the window down and tossed them into the night.
Neither woman wore panties. Anna shaved a landing strip in her pubic hair while Erica's core had no hair.
"Happy?" Erica held her arms out in the air and opened her legs. "Or, would you prefer that we were naked?" It was a bit of a sarcastic question as the only thing the girls still had on were their stilettos.
"You can leave your shoes on." William grinned. "Come and eat. We don't have napkins, so you need to be careful and not get crumbs everywhere."
The girls were hungry, but they also had manners. Despite their best efforts, the back seat was a bit of a mess when they finished. A strawberry spilled on Anna's chest, and chocolate smeared the corner of her mouth.
"May we have some champagne, please, sir," Erica asked.
"What? You need to earn it. This isn't a charity." William said.
"Please, dear. Anna and Erica are already naked. What more do you want?" Miranda asked. She sat in the back corner of the limo.
"Anna lay on your back, rest your head in Miranda's lap. Erica, clean her with only your tongue." William instructed.
There was no argument from the women this time. Miranda cradled Anna's head and cleaned the chocolate off of Anna's face, with her tongue.
"Her mouth is clean," Miranda smirked at Erica...
Then she kissed her again, and this time it involved tongues. The kiss went on and on, so Miranda's hand wandered down to play with Anna's nipples. They were slick with spit, and hard, from Erica's ministrations.
Erica worked on Anna's belly button. When Anna giggled, Erica ran her tongue to Anna's wet core. There were many crumbs there, and she vowed to take her time and find all of them.
"You guys make a pretty picture." William had his cock out, stroking it with one hand, and drinking a flute of champagne with the other, his gaze locked on the women.
"I think I'm clean." Anna arched her back and stretched, her face and neck red with arousal. She looked at William.
"Very well, then change spots with Erica." He ordered. The woman did so, Miranda immediately kissed Erica. It wasn't a friendly peek on the cheek; no, this kiss lasted a long time and involved loads of tongue.
Erica moaned. Miranda kissed her thoroughly like she meant it as if she had nowhere else to be. Miranda allowed her hand to wander down Erica's chest, where it rested on a firm, erect nipple.
Anna kept herself busy, licking and kissing and sucking. Erica felt her pleasure grow, her face felt like it was on fire.
She opened her eyes and looked at William. He had a surprisingly large cock, she thought, and then Miranda took her top off. She leaned down again and stuck her breasts in easy reach of Erica's tongue. Miranda ran a long finger down Erica's smooth flat tummy and started to flick her clitoris, while Anna continued to search for any crumbs in Erica's pussy.
William moved to the back seat, behind Anna. Kneeling, he spent a moment fondling her wet pussy, and then he buried his engorged dick in her wet love box.
"Aaahhh." Anna looked up in shock. "God, it's so big." She moaned and rested her head on Erica's pelvis, and spread her legs wider, giving William more room.
William moved slowly at first, but quickly lost his patience and pounded in and out. Anna collapsed on Erica's tummy, unable to do anything else.
Anna felt her crisis approaching. William filled her, leaving no room for other thoughts in her head. His cock felt so big from this angle, and he moved like a machine.
The limo stopped.
William wanted to wait, wanted to make it last, but couldn't. Anna moved a hand to her own clit, needing release. Her orgasm so close, she held her breath. Her feet arched.
The back door opened.
"Uugghh." William stiffened and pulled out to shoot his load all over Anna's ass.
"Oh my god," Anna screamed, arched her back, and came with a great gush of liquid on the seat. She collapsed in a red-faced heap in Erica's lap after a moment.
The cool breeze washed over Anna's body, as she lay there gasping for air. She imagined she presented quite a picture for the driver.
"Oh, my god." Anna grinned up at Miranda, her arms stretched out. "You guys are awesome."
Anna and Erica cuddled together in Miranda's lap.
"We're here." It was the driver.
Erica wrapped her arm around Miranda. "Well, what do you think, Captain? Can we come aboard?" She was grinning, but rather than wait for an answer, she stuck her tongue out and licked and nibbled Miranda's ear. She never broke eye contact with William.
"Of course not, you must pay," William responded. "I expect you to suck my driver's dick, and let him come all over your breasts."
"No way, old man, you just fucked me. Nothing is free." Anna crossed her arms and glared.
"You need to pay us for that."
"The hell I do." William snorted. He didn't like the reminder of his age. "I get to test the merchandise before I buy."
"William, you complete shit. They've earned this." Miranda growled.
Erica turned her head when Miranda finished, held Miranda's head in both hands, then spent the next thirty seconds kissing her.
"Thanks, babe." She grinned when they broke for air.
"My wife certainly doesn't get a say in the matter." The veins on Williams' face bulged. "They either give him a blow job, or he takes them back to the club, dressed the way they are."
"Okay, okay." Anna held up her hands. "I'm willing to do the blow-job for a place to sleep tonight, breakfast tomorrow, and fresh clothes."
"No. That's too much." William struggled out of the back, stood, and pulled his phone out.
"Ready, dear?" He asked without looking up.
Miranda's mouth dropped. Her husband regularly got his way, but he rarely made other people suffer.
"So, what are you offering, handsome?" Erica hopped out and cuddled next to William, straddling a leg, her breasts pressed in his chest.
William looked up but didn't put his phone away. "You can stay the night, we feed you in the morning and give you new out-fits, but Miranda has to join you two."
"What?" Miranda was aghast.
"That's right Miranda, you help Anna with the driver, while Erica cleans my cock," William stated. "Oh, and yes, you need to be naked."
"You don't have to do this. We'll be okay." Anna rested a hand on Miranda's leg.
Miranda opened her mouth and paused. She liked the girls and didn't want them to leave.
On the other hand, could she really do this? Miranda understood that it would change everything. She would no longer be the boss's wife, someone to be feared and respected.
Lily and Ian - July 2nd: 3 AM: Airplane
...................................................................................................
The new Lily starts right here, right now. I vowed.
I pulled my skirt up, lifted my ass, and ever so slowly peeled my panties off. Ian's eyes never left my body. His interest left me breathless with arousal.
I'm not sure why? I fancied myself a modern woman, a complete equal to any man. Still, I found it erotic to be desired to have this power over him. His erection tented his pants. All because of little old me, who had thought of herself as nothing more than a grade school teacher.
I wanted him to get me off with his hand. I craved his touch on my clit, but he was a complete gentleman.
So, I took matters into my hands. Literally, I used his sweater to dry the last of the Gin and Tonic from my core, and if it took a little longer if I spent a little more time, then I intended, well, what of it? I was dizzy with lust by the time I finished.
I ran a finger up and down my wet slit, trailed it over my lower belly, and then up to my mouth. I hollowed my cheeks and sucked.
"I think I'm clean. Do you want to see if you can taste any gin?" I asked, with a wink. I held my hand up, and he grabbed it. He sucked it ever so slowly, never breaking eye contact with me.
"Your finger is clean, would you like me to check anything else?" He asked.
Here we go! I batted my eyes at him. "Yes please."
"Jesus. You're killing me." He looked up the front of the plane, and frowned. I badly wanted to drop to my knees and take his cock in my mouth. Just then, the stewardess passed, going to the back of the plane.
I jumped in my seat and covered myself with the sweater. "Christ, that was close." My face flamed red, but my body burned with passion and desire—the danger of being caught, driving all other thoughts out of my head.
He leaned over and kissed my ear, nipping it, and then I felt his tongue. I shivered. He moved to my neck.
"Ooohhh." I slumped in the chair. Limp with pleasure, my nerves all afire. I had to get off, I couldn't face traveling like this. I needed an orgasm. Sick with desire and longing, I couldn't stand the touch of the seat on my bare legs.
I twisted in my chair and kissed him full on the lips, my hands holding either side of his head. Our tongues fought each other, and the kiss deepened.
"Fuck me, please. Just touch me." I whispered. I felt like the smallest touch would tip me over into pleasure. I lay back in my seat, his lips locked to mine. He was practically in my lap, and clearly in charge.
"Ah, hum." The stewardess was right by our seat. I panicked and broke the kiss, grinning up at her like an idiot. He was slower, taking his time, turning to look back at her.
"I just wanted to make sure everything was okay over here?" The stewardess asked, a knowing grin on her face. "Can I get you anything, a fresh drink, a blanket?"
My thoughts raced. 'My god did she know what was happening, could she see the desire in my face?' The idea of her watching caused my face to flame red. I was turned on by the thought. This was a kink I knew nothing about. I loved it!
"Yes, please. A blanket would be nice." I croaked out.
"Would either of you like a drink." She asked. We declined, and I giggled.
Of all the rules we were breaking, spilling a drink, was the thing I picked to worry about.
The stewardess came back with two blankets that she gave to Ian. "Enjoy the rest of your flight." She winked before she left. Did she know?
Ian decided he would act like a gentleman. He opened one blanket and laid it on my lap. (I had pulled my skirt down.) He put his sweater in an overhead bin, then he sat and draped a blanket over his lap. Nobody was sitting across from us, which was marvelous as he squirmed out of his pants. You couldn't tell that he had them off. They pooled around his feet, hidden by the blanket.
"Where were we?" He asked.
"You're not serious? She totally knows." My voice raised an octave in my excitement.
"Tell me you don't want to, and I won't." He looked serious.
"Fuck no, of course, I want to," I replied. "But, what happens if we get caught?"
"I have no idea, I say we worry about that if it happens." He seemed very serious.
"Okay, tell me what to do. Do we do it in the bathroom, in the seat, under the blanket, are we going to have sex?" I was babbling.
"Close your eyes, keep them closed, pretend you are sleeping."
"Okaayy, I can do that," I whispered, leaning back and closing my eyes.
He didn't touch me at first, for what seemed like hours, but I'm sure it was just a few minutes. Then I felt a warm hand on my thigh. He left it there, not moving. It was big and warm, and soon all I could think about was that hand, and what he would do with it. I vowed to let him do whatever he wanted.
"Yes sir, you have your light on." It was the stewardess. I held my breath, tense with anxiety.
At that very moment, he moved his hand higher on my thigh, inches from my wet pussy.
"The lady fell asleep. I'd like a drink to keep me company." He took one finger and moved it on my inner thigh. Insignificant movements, just little circles, lightly touching, almost tickling me. "I'd like a Jack and Coke, please."
"Yes, sir, right away." I waited for a moment. "Bastard." I slugged him, turned in my seat, and trapped his hand between my thighs.
"What?" He laughed.
"You know what. Don't be a tease." I growled.
"Okay, okay, I give, I'll play nice." He laughed and pulled his hand out. Immediately, I missed his touch. I shivered, returned to my original position, slumped in the seat, legs akimbo, the blanket pulled to my chin.
"Here you are, sir. Can I do anything else for you?" The stewardess returned.
"That will be all. Thank you." I could hear the lust, the urgency in his voice, and wondered if she knew what was about to happen. Was she offering him something more?
The lights went out in our row, and I felt him turn towards me.
A hand landed on one leg, the other on the opposite thigh, and he pushed just a tad, spreading my legs further apart. 'What did he have in mind?'
For a moment, he held my leg open, asserting his dominance. Then, one hand stayed on my right thigh, resting there, a symbol of his confidence and power, while his other hand went straight to my pussy.
I was wet, open, ready, but still, he teased. He spread his hand, covered my slit and a good deal of the rest of my pelvis, and left it there. 'Christ,' I thought, 'I will have to fuck myself. Men!'
He turned, so he could fit a finger inside of me while rubbing my clit with his thumb. He must have been all twisted around, but I couldn't bother to care. He started by pumping that one finger in and out of me, up and down, like a machine. He left his thumb on my clit and didn't move it.
"OOOhhh." I groaned.
"SSShhhh." You're supposed to be sleeping. I heard the grin in his voice.
I squirmed in the seat, pleasure building. Ian rubbed with his thumb. Mashing my love button and then flicking lightly across it. His long thick finger curled up inside me, massaging.
I held my breath, teetering on edge.
"Please, please." I moaned. "Inside me."
He rammed three fingers into me, as deep as they would go, paused, withdrew, and slammed back into me. That was all it took. I locked my legs around his hand, and I was coming. Glorious waves of pleasure rolling over me.
I couldn't breathe. My body went rigid with pleasure. My foot cramped.
"Jesus Christ." I ran my hand through my hair and grinned up at him. "You're talented."
"I think you liked that." He replied.
"I did. God, I so did." I said. "I feel like I don't have a bone left in my body."
We paused for a moment, until he broke the silence, "you ready to do me?"
"Patience, big boy. I need oxygen." I grinned. I wondered at his words.
"We have just enough room for you to use your mouth." He informed me.
"Good thing, I like to use my mouth then." I loved to suck dick, and would have done it anyway, but the tone of his voice bothered me.
He didn't pick up on my tension.
"Attention all passengers: We've picked up a tailwind, and will be landing approximately 45 minutes early at 6:00 AM local time." It was the captain. "I'll be back on shortly to turn the seatbelt sign on."
"Well, we had better get busy, then hadn't we?" I smiled.
"Wait, give me your bag. Let's put it in your seat, in case the stewardess comes back." He instructed.
I handed him my bag and dropped to my knees, covering myself with the blanket. I heard him rustling around, moving the shoulder bag into position. An impressive erection tented his boxer-briefs.
I pulled them down and took his tip in my mouth. He was clean and smelled great. I heard him doing something with my bag again, so I paused until I had his full attention.
The mushroom-shaped head of his dick in my mouth, I used my tongue and swirled around the slit. I used one hand to hold him in place while I cupped his balls with the other.
"It's time to pay your bills." He growled and pushed my head down on his dick.
What a prick. Apparently, it was okay for him to tease, but not me. So I used my teeth and lightly nipped his dick, right behind the head. "Behave," I snarled.
He got the message and settled back in his seat.
I went to work. I sucked and licked, running my mouth up and down his dick, as far as I could go. I got his dick wet and used a hand on his shaft. I squeezed and rubbed while keeping him in my mouth and sucking.
Most guys loved this.
"I don't want a hand-job." He ordered.
'You're toast, buddy.' I thought, 'enjoy it while it lasts.' I promised myself I would never do this for him again.
I'd be damn if I was going to deep throat him. I tented my cheeks and sucked for all I was worth, I bathed him with my tongue. I paid particular attention to his slit.
He grew firmer, and I felt him stiffen.
He held my head down with one hand, I couldn't back up, so I wasn't surprised when he squirted copious amounts of salty cum in my mouth.
I swallowed the first load, but then redirected him, as he relaxed, so he squirted on my breasts.
After a moment, he released me. I climbed back into my seat. "How was that?" I asked quietly.
When and why had he turned into such a jerk?
"Fine. I'm going back to my old seat for the landing." He got up and left, never once making eye contact with me.
The rest of the flight was boring. I cleaned up in the bathroom. I couldn't find my panties, so that was a little embarrassing. I could only imagine the plane cleaner finding them, wondering what happened. I returned the blanket. It may have been my imagination, but the stewardess seemed sympathetic.
I looked for him, but I didn't see him on the plane. Maybe he got the upgrade he wanted.
Nor did I see him when I departed.
I checked in at the hotel, took a shower, and had some breakfast. I took my purse with me, and when it came time to pay, I found that I had no money left. My cash was gone. I saw a note, though, and he left my credit cards and my return ticket.
The note said, "Listen to your mom, don't trust strangers." He had signed it with a "P."
I wondered why he had left my cards and the ticket? I thought about calling the police or the airline, but really what proof did I have? It was his word against mine.
I did, of course, call the number he left on my phone. It went straight to a voicemail stating the number was no longer in use.
Mostly, though, I thought about my next steps. I had some money in my account back home, could I stay? Maybe I could find a job?
I wouldn't have any sort of cushion if I stayed in Europe.
Stay or go home?
A parking lot: The South of France - July 13th, 11PM
................................................................................................................................
The parking lot was currently empty, but Miranda knew it was a popular spot for people to moor yachts. These were her people, her friends. What if someone saw them?
Miranda closed her mouth and stepped out of the limo. She rested one hand on the trunk and stepped out of her skirt. She bent and took her shoes off, placing them back in the limo.
"I can't let him do that to you two." She turned to her husband. "Can I leave my nylons on?"
"Of course." William nodded.
Miranda, a little older than the two women, and in great shape, couldn't help it; her face flamed red with embarrassment.
She understood that on some level, the dynamics in her marriage had just changed. It wasn't just her marriage; it was her life. The driver would talk, and she didn't know how she could look anyone on the staff in the eyes again.
They would all know what happened here tonight.
"Thank you, thank you for everything, and you're beautiful," Anna hugged her.
"You have nothing to be embarrassed about," Erica chimed in.
Miranda nodded in acknowledgment, knelt in front of the driver, and grabbed his erect cock.
The gravel hurt her knees, so she asked, "Can we at least have a blanket, or move to the grass?"
"No more talking, it's time to get to work," ordered William. He took his dick out for Erica.
Anna knelt next to Miranda, so she was touching her side. Miranda leaned into her, drawing comfort and warmth from the other woman.
"It's not so bad. Let me start." Anna whispered.
"I enjoy giving head, I just don't like him," Miranda muttered.
Anna took the cock and sucked for all she was worth. After a second, Miranda bent and licked his hard shaft. Anna left her hand on Miranda's back, providing encouragement.
Anna ran her tongue up across the driver's slit, which was leaking pre-cum. Then she cleaned under the spot, knowing that was a turn-on.
The driver spread his legs and leaned back, sticking his erection out. Miranda cleaned his balls. Anna stood, bent, and took all of him in her mouth. She felt the dick at the back of her throat and gagged, but she had done this before.
"Christ," murmured the driver who was running his hands through her hair. Anna fisted his cock and pumped, knowing he was close.
"No." The driver stopped Anna by pulling her hair. "I want to come in Miranda's mouth."
"You sure, honey? My mouth is just as warm and wet." Anna made eye contact and smiled.
Before the driver could reply, a car pulled in. The headlights swept over them, and stopped, leaving the threesome lit up.
"I'm sure." He reached down and pulled Miranda up by her hair. "Your turn, boss."
The car distracted Miranda; who could it be? Did they see her face? She had an idea.
In the meantime, Erica was busy licking and cleaning William's cock. He grew harder under her tender ministrations. She wondered if he would want to have sex again, she had not orgasmed, or maybe they would wait until they were on the boat.
William wondered who pulled in, and if they were someone he needed to invite over to the boat tonight. He hoped so as the humiliation would be exquisite for Miranda.
Miranda put her plan into action and took the driver's erection in her gaping mouth. She gagged, but she was desperate. Breathing through her nose, she relaxed her throat and tipped her head, until she could feel the first tickles of his pubic hairs on her nose.
Maybe the people in the car wouldn't be able to see her face now?
She heard voices and heard the click of a phone taking pictures, but she couldn't see. She knew if she looked, they would see her face, so she buried it on his cock.
Then it got worse.
"Wild Bill, is that your wife?" A voice boomed. "She looks good on her knees."
"I realized she belongs there." Her husband answered.
"Say, Bill, you having a party tonight?" The voice asked. "Maybe, I could bring the boys by?"
"Shit!" Miranda knew who it was now, and the boys were 22 years-old twins with one thing on their mind. They had been trying to get in her pants for the last week, ever since their boat docked.
She pulled off her driver's hard dick, so she could look at her husband. He had a drink in one hand and was smoking a cigar while Erica cleaned him up with her mouth. She hoped he would say no.
"Sure, sure, the more, the merrier." Her husband waved a hand in the air as the group left. He would have agreed to anything. He had special blue pills in the yacht and thought he needed them to get hard. His thoughts were all about sex.
He was amazed that he was growing erect again, so soon after coming. He hadn't thought it possible.
"You're slacking Boss, I'll dock your pay if you don't pick up the pace." The driver sounded stern.
Miranda took him in her mouth. Anna had filled in for her when she looked away, and the driver was close. A few bobs of her head and he erupted.
She jerked back, so he spilled most of his seed on her breasts. She leaned to one side and spat the cum out of her mouth.
"Boss, she needs punishment. She didn't swallow." The driver brayed.
William, eyes closed, swayed in the breeze. One hand held his cigar, and the other rested on Erica's head. That was the hand that held his drink, which was spilling on Erica's hair. "Oh, she will be, she will be, trust me."
"Enough, sweetheart." William gathered himself and pushed Erica away. "We have to save something for tonight."
"You've earned your reward. The yacht, food, and clothes." He nodded at Anna and Erica.
"Miranda, wife, dear, your punishment will be that you can't get dressed until tomorrow morning."
"What? No way!" Miranda cocked her hip and stuck a fist on it.
"You're welcome to leave if you wish, dear." William chuckled. If she left, she got nothing, per the clause in the iron-clad pre-nuptial agreement.
"Oooh!" Miranda stamped her foot. "You bastard."
"No worries, dear, we'll stick together." Anna linked arms with Miranda, Erica joined the group. The three women sauntered arm in arm across the parking lot, went down the dock, and sat in the small dinghy that would take them out to the yacht.
The men walked behind them, eyes glued to their asses. "Jesus, boss, that's a fine bunch of women." The limo driver said.
"I know. "William grinned. "Those asses put a bounce in my step."
The men joined the women in the small boat. The driver turned the key and cast off. William sat in front, his back to the spray. The women huddled together. Yes, it was July, and it was the Mediterranean, but it was still chilly on the water.
One last indignity waited.
The south of France: A beach: 11:30 PM - Lily.
............................................................................................................................................
I decided to stay. I was here, and didn't know if I would ever return.
Paris was lovely but expensive. I told myself the cost didn't matter, that I should enjoy myself. I just had to see Italy and went there after Paris. I traveled from North to South, spending loads of time in Rome and Venice. I took a boat from Sicily to a beach in the southern part of France.
I purchased a tent, bought food and wine in the local town, and lived on the beach. The nearest beach house sat empty, so I used the outdoor shower to stay clean.
I had bread, wine, cheese, a little butter, some meat, a fire flickered in the dark outside my tent. What more could a girl ask for? I couldn't think of a better way to end my trip.
I didn't really see that I had a choice. I would need to fly back tomorrow, or I would need to find some sort of employment. I looked everywhere, but nobody was hiring.
I didn't want to leave, who would? But really what did my wants and desires have to do with anything? I couldn't stay without money, and I didn't have any money.
My only regret was the sex with Ian. It was the single time I had sex the whole trip, something that I never expected. I heard that Italian men were always on the hustle, and everyone knows the French are lovers.
Maybe it was me? I knew I wasn't unattractive. I dressed like I cared, could I just be shutting people down with my attitude? Maybe Europeans didn't like Americans. I wasn't pushy.
I guess it wouldn't matter much after tomorrow. Sad, I poured myself another glass of wine and hugged my pillow.
Dinghy: Off the coast of France: 11:45 PM
.....................................................................................................................
William made a phone call. "We're heading back, I want the entire crew, waiting for inspection."
Miranda smiled. What was William thinking, a surprise inspection at this time of night? Half of the crew would be sleeping. They would not be happy.
But the crew was on deck when they arrived. Miranda noticed the table set for supper.
The deck was expensive and old, lit by hanging lanterns, easily visible in the cloudless night. A wall of glass separated the deck from an interior bar—doors in the glass led inside.
The outside dining table was surrounded by water on three sides. The deck was low, it looked to be used for sports, and waves splashed on all sides as the boat rocked.
The round glass table had eight settings. Chains were attached to the legs of the table. Miranda shivered. She had never been a fan of her husband's games.
The crew lined the edge of a deck. A rope at their backs kept them out of the sea. They created a walk-way but stood in silence, as the men, and naked women climbed aboard.
The crew was split between males and females. Not that William believed in equal rights, he hired females so he could admire their form.
Some in the crew, dressed casually as if they had just come from bed, while others wore uniforms. The Captain and officers stood off to the side. They looked angry, but Miranda knew they wouldn't dare protest.
William held his hands up in the air, and the deck quieted. "I need your help." His voice boomed out over the water. "I have three women with me. They will dine with me tonight, and I need to make sure they are, well, appropriate."
"I want a thorough inspection. However, time is limited, so I must ask that you limit yourself to only 30 seconds with each woman." He continued.
The veteran crew didn't need to be told why they inspected the women.
A crew woman raised her hand. "Are we allowed to touch?"
"You are," William replied. "The only rule is that you limit yourself to thirty seconds."
"Sir, but that's your wife." It was the Captain this time. Miranda had always been friendly to him.
"You're right, it is." William yawned. "Ladies, start on that end." He pointed. "When you finish, off to the showers, and get ready for dinner. Trust me, I'll let you know if you don't pass inspection."
'Christ,' Miranda thought, 'there are boats all around us.'
William looked at the three women. "What are you waiting for? Now, ladies."
Miranda held her head high and went first. She made eye contact with each crew member and greeted them by name. Anna followed, and then Erica.
The crew treated Miranda with as much respect as they could muster, while still appearing to take their job seriously.
They kissed Miranda, fondled her breasts, and slapped her ass. Miranda thought they did it more for the show. Her inspections rarely lasted the full thirty seconds.
A few crew wrapped her in a hug, trying to protect her. She found time to watch the other two girls.
Anna flushed with pleasure. One crewman spent the entire thirty seconds kissing her, his hands wrapped around the globes of her ass. He pulled her into a tight embrace, so they touched up and down their bodies, his pelvis locked into Anna's as they swayed with the waves.
The next woman turned Anna around, so Anna's back rested on her chest, and her front was open to the crewman's hands. She nuzzled and kissed Anna's neck, sucked on her ears, while her hands twisted, pulled and teased Anna's already erect nipples.
"Ooohh, that feels good," Anna moaned. Her head draped across the woman's shoulder, she looked up at the stars.
The whistle blew, and Anna went to the next man.
He too turned her, so she was leaning against him. Anna lifted her hands on his shoulders, leaving herself completely open.
He used his thirty seconds to torture and tease her clit. One hand never stopped moving, while the other dipped down into her soaked slit.
Anna appeared to be holding her breath as she neared orgasm, but the whistle blew. The flush on her face was clearly visible in the lights.
The next crewman dropped his pants and pushed Anna down on her knees to take him in her mouth.
She bobbed up and down on the erection, eagerly, intent, focused on returning the pleasure she felt. One hand rested on the crewman's hip, while the other frantically rubbed her own love button.
Erica, on the other hand, danced. She would allow a kiss and then spin out of reach of the grasping hands, then she would dart in and kiss her tormentor on the cheek.
It should have caused frustration. She was a wild creature, and the crew wanted nothing more than to hold her, touch her, capture her.
But she refused to play by their rules, permitting only the touches that she desired. Miranda felt envy.
It had been a long time since she had that sort of control, that kind of power. The power to inspire lust, but then not fill that lust. To leave people wanting, happy, with the little she gave them.
Miranda lost track of the girls when the next crewman pushed her to the deck. He had her kneel on all fours and then squatted behind her. He used the fingers of one hand to penetrate her wet pussy, and the other to play with her clitoris.
Miranda lost herself in a cloud of lust and sensation. The cool breeze, his large hands, and firm fingers, her head sank to the deck, and she didn't move when the whistle blew.
"Nooo, please don't stop." She whimpered.
He, however, slapped her ass and turned to Anna. She dropped to the deck and crawled to him.
"Please. I'm so close." Miranda looked at the next crewman, a pretty blonde server in the eyes. She was one of William's favorites. Miranda suspected the girl had hidden depths. She worked during the day and had come straight from bed in a bralette and panty set.
"On the ground, boss." She grinned at Miranda.
Miranda felt the woman's hands, on her core, in her, filling her, and then Rachel, the waitress touched Miranda's clit. Pleasure locked her body tight. She tipped over into orgasm - her pussy spasming around the girl's fingers, her liquid mixing with the seawater on deck.
Miranda orgasmed one more time before going to the showers. Anna orgasmed twice, and Erica, who came last, had none. It seemed as if the crew was in a hurry with her, knowing that she would allow nothing more than a touch or a kiss, and they had passed her rapidly along.
All the girls passed inspection, even Erica.
July 14th: 12:15 AM (National Nude day) William's yacht
................................................................................................................................
Anna, Erica, and Miranda showered together, though to call it a shower was a disservice to showers everywhere. It had 4 heads, so all 3 girls had plenty of hot water - only the best for William.
William sat at the bar, with a cognac and a cigar. He appeared to be sleeping, his chin propped up in one hand, as classical music played on the surround sound. A bowl of blue tablets sat on the bar-top. He had swallowed one when he sat down. He didn't feel the best, he was tired, but he would not go to bed.
He had promised the girls food, and he meant to keep that promise. Even now, the staff took food out to the table.
William jerked alert and smiled as the three men from the parking lot came in the back of the boat.
"Permission to come aboard?" One called.
"Granted!" He responded, pleased with a new thought.
The girls stepped out of the shower. They had shaved, shampooed, conditioned, and moisturized. They were ready for what would happen, or so they thought.
"These towels are awesome." Erica laughed at the other two. "Don't we make a spectacle." The three wrapped themselves in fluffy white towels, from head to toe.
"It feels great to be clean," Miranda replied. "I'll check with William about your clothes."
Anna and Erica didn't believe William would change his mind but set to work on their hair. Miranda entered the bedroom to change.
Silk pajama pants over her panties. She checked, you couldn't see the red panties, under the dark red pants. A bra and matching top, and she was all set.
"OH, NO, no, no, no." William was furious when he saw his wife walking in. "I told you to be naked."
"But Honey, we have guests over. Surely, you don't expect me to be naked in front of them?"
Miranda was aware of the fact that she sounded a little whiny, but really she didn't care. This was all a bit much.
She was confused by her sudden change in status. Had she done something to anger her husband?
"You're more than welcome to leave. I'll take that as you want to initiate divorce proceedings." William was firm.
Miranda opened her mouth and then closed it again, thinking better of whatever she was about to say. "What would you like us to wear?"
"Nothing, of course." The men standing behind William high-fived each other. Miranda rolled her eyes. "You're stalling, strip or leave," William ordered.
Miranda looked at the men and hesitated. She would get something in the divorce, but she had no money, clothes, or even a place to go. She didn't fancy ringing up her parents, asking them to come and get her.
Especially not if she was in the nude. Her Papa would be furious.
"Oh, what the hell." She undid her shirt button by button, and let it fall off her shoulders to the floor.
"Woohoo." The men in the back cheered.
She grinned. Maybe this wouldn't be too bad. She unhooked her bra and lifted her arms, displaying her breasts for all to see.
The servers paused, watching.
She turned and bent at the waist, sliding her pants to the floor, giving everyone a show. She twirled, so she was facing her audience, and used two hands to step out of her panties.
She did Jazz hands and blew a kiss, then turned and strutted back to the bathroom. She'd be damned if she was going to let him get the best of her.
"Sorry, ladies, he wants us naked." Miranda said to the other two, "and he wants us out there like right now." She paused, "I should also warn you that we have guests. He made me strip in front of them."
"The old goat is up to something. I just know it," said Anna.
"Probably, but as long as we have food, clothes, and a place to sleep, who cares?" Erica interjected.
Anna and Erica dropped the towels. The girls had braided each other's hair in a French twist and pinned it up. They were now nude, from head to toe.
"Group hug." Called Miranda. The three women joined together in a circle. "Whatever happens out there, I want you to remember that we're in this together. We stand up for each other."
"Deal?" She asked. "Deal." Anna and Erica chorused back.
Miranda paused, thinking. "I don't trust him."
"Stay here, I have an idea." She went to her jewelry box in her bedroom and took three items back to the bathroom.
"I may have to leave, and I doubt he will let me back in my room." She handed the other two women a gold chain, with a ruby hanging from one, an emerald from the other.
"Are these real?" Asked Anna.
"Yep." She said and looped a third gold chain with another ruby around her stomach. The jewel fell just below her belly button, the chain snug on her toned body.
"In case of an emergency." Miranda smiled at the other two women.
The boat - 15 minutes later
........................................................................................................................
The women sauntered out the glass door to the deck. The four men stood by their seats, drinking and chatting quietly.
"Ah, the guests of honor are here." Said one.
"Have a seat, ladies," William ordered.
"Do you care where we sit?" Anna asked.
"Nope," William replied, and the three women took chairs next to each other on one side of the table.
Miranda noticed the chains were still there; in fact, they had been doubled up, so each table leg had two. A fifth one wrapped around the center leg of the table.
William filled glasses with wine. "Girls, we need to discuss your punishment."
"Punishment for what?" Erica demanded, anger creeping into her voice.
"You made a mess of the limo after I specifically warned you not to," William said. " Anna wrecked the seats when she squirted, for God's sake. No, you and Anna must be punished."
Miranda is my wife, and I am going to punish her, simply because I wish to do so."
"You are, of course, all welcome to leave." He smiled.
"The shore isn't too far away." He pointed out to sea.
Miranda noticed and wondered if he was just confused.
"You promised we could stay the night and have clothes and food in the morning," Anna whispered. "That's so not fair."
"Life isn't fair, dear. Get over it." William blew smoke in her face.
"If we do this, you have to promise us, no more deals. We're square until noon tomorrow, you'll provide food and clothes. No more surprises." Erica crossed her arms. "You'll also agree to not mark our bodies, leave any scars, or draw any blood."
"Don't you wish to know your punishment?" One of the young men asked.
"Does it really matter?" Erica retorted, watching William's face the entire time.
"It's a deal." William reached out and shook Erica's hand. "Signed, sealed, and delivered."
....................................................................................................................
Miranda pulled the chain around her ankle. She was chained underneath the glass table. William, stroked his erection. She had been told to 'service' him. She wasn't going to do anything until he was specific about what that meant.
Anna had been chained to the top of the table. She lay spread eagle on her back, the food spread around her. The men would occasionally feed themselves, and they would sometimes feed her, but mostly they just played with her body. Someone right this very minute rubbed an ice-cube on her right nipple. She didn't know who it was, as she had been blindfolded.
Erica had enough of her punishment. She had been directed to wait on the men, 'hand and foot.' They took it literally, sending her after all sorts of things.
Frazzled, she blew hair out of her eyes. It was a bit much. The men acted like they never saw a naked woman, using her body as a play-thing. They found spanking her, immensely funny.
She wished she could switch spots with Anna. She was wet, and clearly enjoying the attention.
"I need a fresh drink." William held his glass up.
"Yes, sir, right away, sir." Erica tried to not roll her eyes. "What do you want?"
"A cognac," William replied.
Erica had no idea what a cognac was, but she took the goblet to the bar.
"Eeekk," She squeaked when she saw a female sitting on the floor behind the bar, hidden from view.
"The woman was clearly a crew member. "What does he want?" She asked.
"A cognac." Replied Erica.
"He'll want this," She handed her a bottle, "make sure you put it in a fresh glass." The girl pointed. "Top shelf, that cabinet."
Erica grabbed the glass. "How much do I put in?"
"Tip the glass on its side and fill it, so the cognac is just at the top." The girl responded.
"Erica, I'm waiting!" William called out.
"Thank you." Erica mouthed at the girl, touched by her kindness.
"He's an ass." She whispered back.
Erica returned with the drink. Anna's feet were now free, her head rested over the edge of the table. One of the young men knelt on the table, a firm grip on a rather impressive erection. Anna lifted her butt in the air, and the youth took advantage of the proffered love nest, to bury himself in her.
The other youth fucked Anna's mouth. It looked uncomfortable as Anna's head banged on the table, and she had to trust his kindness for air.
The two older men had pulled their chairs back from the table. They chatted quietly as if this was something that happened often, and of no particular importance.
They were close enough for Miranda to reach, and she had crawled out from under the table. Her head bobbed up and down on the stranger's dick. She noticed cum on Miranda's back and wondered where it came from. She hadn't been gone that long.
"Go and get me two of those pills, from the glass bowl on the bar." William sweated freely in the fresh night air, his face was flushed red.
"Sure, Boss."
"Make it three." He shouted after her.
Erica wondered if this was a good idea.
"Aaahhh, you bitch." The screech came from the man who had his dick down Anna's throat. Everyone stopped and looked. "She bit me." He exclaimed.
Anna had her mouth clamped around his cock and wasn't letting go. "Son of a bitch," the man exclaimed. "Stop for God's sake."
Erica grabbed the pills, dropped them in William's lap, her attention focused on the table.
William swallowed the pills without looking at them.
"Are you okay?" She asked Anna.
Anna spat the cock out and gasped for air.
"What did you do that for?" The man asked, rage coloring his face.
Miranda knew better than to smile, but she did anyway. His penis was no longer erect, and he looked pitiful, standing there naked, raging at Anna.
In fact, none of the men were erect anymore. The man who had been pumping away at Anna's pussy had gotten up and stood next to the table, a forlorn look on his face, stroking his dick.
"Anna? You okay?" Erica hurried over to her friend, lifted upright on the table and turned her, so she sat on the edge.
Anna's eyes were red, tears dripped down her cheek, and her voice came out as a croak.
"You fucker. I have to breathe. It's my body, I get to say what happens to it." She wiped her face.
"I thought you were a prostitute." The boy muttered.
"I am a prostitute you ass. I like being fucked, I like being treated like an object, desired...but I am still a human being, not some sort of slave."
She glared. "You can't just do whatever you want."
"I didn't do anything wrong, can we go back to fucking?" The other young man, who had been in Anna's pussy, asked.
"I'm sorry???" Said the offender, making it sound like a question. "Can we go back to what we were doing if I promise to behave?"
"You can fuck yourself for all I care, I'm done for the night." Anna refused to break eye contact with him, but the other two women turned to look at William.
William sported a massive erection. The scene and the blue pills worked very quickly. He wrapped a hand, filled with liver spots, around it, and lazily stroked his member.
"If you don't want to fuck, then you can sleep out here. No lounge chair, no blankets, and no towels. "
"That's fine," Anna spoke, trembling, huddled in Erica's arms. She could no longer muster the energy to be angry, emptied by the events of the night, and the constant negotiations. The stress of the last few weeks, never having enough money, or food to eat, or a safe place to sleep, all seemed to hit her at once, and she felt like crying.
"I'm not leaving her." Erica, said defiantly, her arms around Anna.
"Miranda?" William looked at his wife, who was still on her knees, at his feet.
"I'm staying with my friends." She responded, and went to stand by Anna, giving the girl a big hug. The chain was just long enough.
"Very well, I'll pay a member of my crew, to service my needs," "William informed the group.
Miranda no longer cared. She found William attractive when they first married, but over the years, he stopped caring about his appearance. In fact, he seemed to no longer care, what other people thought, and used his money to get whatever he wanted.
Her smile was sad, "You do what you have to."
"Gentlemen, if you would excuse me? Perhaps we can try again at another time?" William nodded at the other three men.
"Of course." They murmured, said polite goodbyes, and climbed into the small boat to take them back to their yacht.
William rang a bell, and immediately several crew members appeared. "Remove the table, the ladies will be sleeping out here tonight. They will sleep in the nude on the deck."
He smiled at a blonde crewmember. "I require assistance in my room. There's a substantial bonus. Will you come with me, Rachel?"
"Of course, sir." She helped him out of the chair and held his arm to help him walk. He appeared unsteady on his feet. The blonde knew what she would be asked to do, the females on the crew all knew what would happen if he asked you to join him in his room. But she didn't mind, the money was good, and he looked tired.
July 14th: 6:00 AM - The beach (Lily)
.....................................................................................................................
I woke the next morning. It was July 14th, National nude day, back in the states. My thoughts drifted as I lay in my tent, listening to gulls cry.
My last boyfriend, the one who dumped me, loved this day. It was one of many kinks. Initially, my anxiety at being nude, detracted from any pleasure, but I had come to appreciate its charms over the years.
I liked the thought of men getting turned on by my body. I felt powerful, attractive, sexy when I noticed their obvious arousal. A common fantasy was stripping, and the audience getting so turned on that they masturbated then and there.
I decided that I would stay one more day and that I would spend it completely nude. If nothing happened, I would leave for home tomorrow. I had just enough money left that I would have to decide between food and walking to the airport, the next day.
6:00 AM - The deck of William's Yacht.
..............................................................................................................
The three women huddled together on the back of the deck. The boat tossed and turned, so that water washed up on the deck. They were tired, cold, and wet.
They were not without friends. A member of the crew brought out a Chaise cushion and blankets. They gratefully accepted the gift, but then Miranda had second thoughts.
"If William finds out, he'll fire the crew-woman." She explained.
"How would he know?" Anna asked.
"The boat has security cameras everywhere," Miranda told her. So, they ditched the cushion and blankets.
Erica thought she could climb the yacht and throw down cushions, but had been talked out of it. It wasn't that they were afraid of William's wrath, so much that they worried what would happen if she fell. It really was a big boat.
They spent the rest of the night huddled together.
Dawn showed, over the horizon, waking the girls.
"I'm hungry." Anna stretched. "Do you think he will allow us breakfast?" She asked Miranda.
"I'm starving. Miranda and I didn't get to eat last night," Erica said.
"I'm not sure, but it won't be until he takes his own breakfast. He doesn't wake up very early, after nights like last night." Miranda responded. "Plus, he'll be grumpy and hung-over."
"I say, screw the old bastard, let's get off this ship," Erica said.
"You know, I remember a bakery in town, we run a tab with them. We could go there." Miranda responded.
"But we don't have any clothes," Anna interjected.
"So what? It's the south of France in the middle of July. I bet half the people are naked already." Erica was excited.
"I'm willing," said Miranda. "Hell, half the people I know have already seen me naked."
"That still doesn't solve the problem of how we are going to get off the yacht." Anna hated to be a party pooper, but she was at her limits after the last few weeks.
"I can drive the dinghy." Said Miranda. "I used to drive one like it, back home in Italy when my Papa took me fishing."
The women were gone in minutes. The officer on duty watched the dinghy putt-putt away and wondered if she should have done more to stop them. Maybe launch another boat? 'The hell with it,' she thought, she would rather be with them then William and wished them luck.
6:15 AM: William's bedroom
..................................................................................................................
The exhausted blonde lay intertwined with William. First, he wanted oral sex, then he just had to come inside of her, and finally, he needed to have her ass. He referred to it, as firm and ripe, and wouldn't shut up about it, until she gave in.
She had tried to warn him that she wasn't prepared for anal, but he didn't care. They made a giant mess, which had to be cleaned immediately.
She didn't want to ask anyone to clean up after them and started to strip the bed, but he ordered her to leave it and join him in the lounge. He ordered the crew to clean.
He took 2 more Viagra, she had thought there was no possible way he could have another erection, and she had been right. He had fallen asleep when they returned to his cabin.
He tossed and turned in his sleep. Sweat poured off of him. She groaned, she would have to change the bedsheets again, it wasn't fair to ask someone else to do it, after what happened last night.
The town: 7:15 AM:
............................................................................................................................................
The three women made a pretty picture. They passed men who tried desperately to act, as if the sight of three naked women, all fit, with bed tousled hair, was common at 7:AM in the morning.
The women in town did one of two things. Watched the men, watching the naked women, or watched the nude women, thinking evil thoughts, but mostly being jealous.
Anna, Erica, and Miranda paid little mind to the commotion they caused. It was nothing new, men looked, it was a fact like two plus two equals four.
The sky was blue, the day warm, they had food and coffee, from the bakery, what more could you ask for? Who needed clothes?
They decided to walk down the beach and look for a place to eat in peace.
"Ahh jeepers." Said Anna, in disgust. "Would you look at that?" She pointed to a group that followed them on bikes, on the road above the beach. "I thought you said being nude is normal."
"It is. We'll lose them soon, you'll see." Miranda replied. Soon the coast curved away from the road, and the men disappeared.
There were little coves and inlets, in this part of the beach, hidden away from prying eyes. "I think we'll be left alone here," Miranda said.
"Let's explore a little more, while it's cool." Erica objected. She was the sort that looked in the next aisle, peeked around the corner, traveled down the road, or looked in the next sheltered cove.
The very next cove, however, was to be the end of their journey.
The Yacht: 7:30
............................................................................................................................................
The blonde, Rachel, crept out of bed and went back to her own room for a shower. She grew up on a farm in the central part of the United States. Usually, she rose early, regardless of what happened the night before.
She wondered if she had time for a swim before her shift started, or perhaps, she should go back and wait for William to wake? She had not been tipped.
She was out of luck, however, as William would never wake again. His weakened heart was done in by all the viagra the night before.
Though the maid screamed when she discovered him, that was all she did. There would be no tears shed for William this day. She rang the Captain, who came promptly.
"We'll need to notify Miranda and the police." He looked around. "Though judging by the amount of Viagra in this bowl, I think it's safe to say what happened."
He called up to the bridge and spoke with the officer on duty. "Carol, check the camera's, find Miranda, and send her to me, and then phone the police. William has passed."
"Yes, sir, right away. I did see Miranda and the other two women in the dinghy this morning, so I'll need to send someone ashore." Carol replied.
"Were they dressed?" The Captain asked.
"No, sir."
"In that case, I can't imagine they have gone far." The Captain replied.
William left the Captain a package in his safe, that was only to be opened if something happened to William. The Captain opened the safe, removed the packet, and then locked the safe again. He was nothing if not orderly.
He returned to the deck and started to read. Soon he got up and made a phone call.
The beach: 7:45 AM
............................................................................................................................................
The next cove was Lily's. She noticed the three naked women walking on the beach, but didn't think much of it.
A cheery fire crackled in a ring of stones, just large enough to take the chill away, but not large enough to require loads of wood. She had a nice supper last night, and was down to her last granola bar. She was trying to decide if she should eat it now, or wait.
"Hey there!" One of the women called out to her.
"Hi," Lily responded.
"The wind is chilly, can we share your fire?" The woman asked.
"Sure, come on up," Lily called out. "I'm afraid I don't have much to offer besides the fire."
"We would be happy to share our breakfast with you." Miranda offered.
Lily's smile lit up her face. "I was just trying to decide how I would break my fast. Thanks!"
Introductions were made, and the women sat. They shared the food and coffee, chatting all the while.
Though they were all from different parts of the world, they found they had much in common. Soon, Lily broke out the last of her wine.
Lily had a hard time, not smiling. Could these women be a reason for her to stay here in France?
Her friends back home were mostly like her, quiet and unassuming. Nothing like the three naked women that had joined her around the fire.
The morning wore away in conversation, and soon, it was time for lunch.
Miranda, yawned and stretched. "I'm hungry, and a glass of chilled Rose sounds perfect. What about you, girls?"
Lily responded, "I could eat. I don't have much or well, anything to offer, though. I'm sorry."
Miranda chuckled, "Darling, I'll buy, we'll go back into town."
"Can we go swimming, first?" Anna interjected. "I'm dying to rinse off."
"Of course we can, we can do whatever you like."
Miranda pointed to the jeweled chains draped over the girls, "and I meant it, those are yours."
Anna and Erica had indeed forgotten about the jewels, and visibly relaxed. Once sold, they would provide plenty of money.
The women rose, brushed the sand off of their butts, and sauntered into the water. It was a bright warm day, but they were alone on the beach.
Rachel: Town: 8:00 AM
...........................................................................................................
Rachel wore the uniform from the yacht, her hair pulled up into a french braid and sunglasses.
Miranda had not been hard to track down. Apparently, the three women were still nude. She heard how they stopped in the bakery and then set off down the beach, pursued by half the males in town.
They couldn't have gone far, right? She trudged after them, tired from last night, and the warm sun. She wished she stopped for coffee.
She thought it would be okay, to rest just a bit in the shade. Carol had impressed on her, the need to find Miranda right away, but surely a rest break was allowed?
The sun crept higher in the sky, warming her legs, and her eyes drifted shut.
The beach: 11:30
.....................................................................................................................
Lilly watched in amazement. Anna and Erica behaved like mermaids in the water, diving and swimming with no worries, entirely at home. She wished that she could be that effortlessly sexy.
Miranda stayed with her, and while she appreciated the woman's attempt to keep her company, she could see that Miranda wanted to join her friends.
A thread of self-doubt crept into her mind. Would the three of them leave her behind? Intellectually, she knew she wasn't ugly, but they could all be models.
"Let's play a game." She called out, thinking she could at least try and be fun.
"A game?" Responded Erica, dubiously.
"A game," said Lily. .
"What sort of game would you like to play, Lily?" Miranda asked, a twinkle in her eyes.
"Marco Polo. Have you ever heard of it?" She responded.
"Is that the game, where one person is it, they close their eyes, and try and tag one of the other players," Anna asked?
"I know that game." Cried, Erica. "The person who is it calls Marco, the players have to respond with Polo."
"That's right." Said Lily. "You have it."
A chorus of eager replies responded. They were all in. It was decided that Lily would be it first.
She grinned and closed her eyes. This was going to be fun.
"Marco?" "Polo!" The game started, and very quickly, Lily realized the error in her thinking. The other three women were naturals in the water, and it was simply impossible for her to tag them unless they allowed it.
She opened her eyes.
"Cheat, she's cheating." Erica smiled, teasing Lily.
"Look, this isn't working," Lily said. "You guys are impossible to tag."
In truth, the game was a little boring, Miranda thought. "How can we level the playing field?" She asked Lily.
"How about this. You stay close enough that you can touch me?" She thought, "and, you have to touch me every three Marcos, without me touching you."
"OOOhhh, that sounds like fun," Anna said. Everyone else quickly agreed to the new rules.
Lily closed her eyes, and they resumed playing, she once again realized she had made a mistake.
The other three had their hands all over Lily. They ran hands up and down her legs, someone would grab the globe of her ass, her breasts were fondled. She found it more than a little upsetting, not because they touched her, but because she still couldn't catch them.
They worked in tandem, holding her arms, while the others molested her breasts or ass, so she couldn't dive after them.
They even held her still, while one of the girls french kissed her. Lily, frustrated, fought it at first, but quickly relaxed. It was a great kiss.
The girls were joyous at her torment, reminding her that she wanted to play. Lily simply didn't care about their teasing and really didn't care about tagging them. She enjoyed being it and loved the touches. She never knew what part of her, they would go after next. Her head buzzed with pleasure.
Then it happened, Miranda stumbled, just as Lily turned to tag her, and Lily was no longer in the middle.
"Yes!" Lily shouted.
Miranda immediately called, "Marco," and went after Anna with a vengeance.
The shrieks of laughter echoed up and down the beach. The game progressed, each woman was treated the very same way, and Lily felt accepted.
Soon Lily was it again. The women ignored her calls of "Marco," and Lily heard them whispering together. What were they planning?
The game took a serious turn. Erica held Lily by her elbows, so they could do what they wanted with Lily, while she was unable to tag them. Lily was simply unable to break the hold.
Miranda kissed Lily. She held Lily's head, a hand on either side and took her time, not so much kissing as exploring.
Lily stopped trying to tag them.
The water lapped at the women's waist, and Anna took advantage of Lily by spreading her legs and licking her core.
Lily felt her warm tongue one moment. Then, the cold water. She shivered from the sensations.
"This isn't working," Anna said. "Every time I get started, a wave comes in."
"It is time for lunch." Miranda reminded them.
"Nnooo, please." Lily groaned. She knew she was a little submissive, but the day's events had brought her to an entirely new level of pleasure.
"We can't just leave her like this," Erica said. "Not after she shared her food with us. I have an idea."
Erica walked Lily out of the water and back to the tent. She held onto her elbows the entire way, but Lily no longer tried to break free.
She laid Lily on her back in the sand. Lily had string bikini's drying on the tent ropes, and Erica took two tops and used them to tie her hands to the tent pegs at the back of the tent.
"Now, we're still playing Marco Polo, and there is no way you can tag us." Erica addressed Lily. "That means we can do what we want, right?"
Lily, gnawed her lip and nodded. She didn't know why she trusted them, but she did.
"Well, shouldn't you have your eyes closed, since we are still playing?" Miranda asked.
Lily looked up the three women and closed her eyes. In doing so, she missed the men on the road above.
They had peddled out on their bicycles, hoping to find the women. They were far enough away that Lily didn't hear them laughing and joking, but close enough to see everything that was happening.
Lily also missed Rachel, the blonde from the boat. She stood in the sand by the side of the tent. Rachel knew she needed to tell Miranda what happened but found herself overwhelmed by the scene in front of her.
Rachel dropped a hand down her skirt and watched while her finger stroked up and down her slit.
No, Lily was wholly focused on the sensations running through her body. A woman suckled and licked each of her breasts.
Someone else ran a long slow tongue up and down the folds of her pussy, teasing, taking her time.
"Please, please," Lily begged. "I'll do anything." She planted her feet in the sand, and arched her back, opening herself up even more.
"Please, what? What do you want us to do?" Miranda giggled in her ear and then licked it.
"Make me come. I'm sooo close." Lily moaned.
Miranda took a nipple in her mouth. She sucked, and then rasped her tongue across the tip.
"OOO." Lily turned her head back and forth as the sensations built in her.
"What are you going to do for us?" Miranda asked.
"Anything you want." Lily sounded out of breath.
Miranda shifted her attention to Lily's mouth, growling into her parted lips. "I like the sound of that."
"Ah, boss." Erica pointed at Rachel, who had shed her skirt and thong. Her bikini top was askew, displaying her lovely breasts.
One hand lazily circled her love button, while a finger dipped in and out of her wet love box.
Rachel eagerly watched the group, as if she didn't want to miss a single detail.
Miranda shrugged. "She's welcome to join us if she wants. You don't mind an audience, do you?" She asked Lily.
"Yeah, but." Erica pointed again to the men on the road.
Miranda lifted Lily's head, so she could see the watchers.
"Christ, no, just don't stop." Lily seemed on the verge of tears.
Miranda, set her down and attacked her mouth. There was nothing gentle about the kiss, both women had their mouths wide open. Lily was frantic as if she desperately sought pleasure in their touch.
Erica used a hand to circle and flick Lily's clit while sucking her erect nipples.
Anna had one hand gripping Lily's thigh holding her down, while the other hand pumped two fingers in and out on Lily's soaked quim.
Then she used her mouth. She made her tongue broad and flat, and ran it up and down Lily's slit, rasping her clit.
Rachel found it even sexier than the other three women clearly enjoyed the pleasure they gave the girl. She moved closer and dug her toes into the sand.
Rachel's hands clasped her core and drove pleasure through her body. Faster and faster, she pumped, until she found herself dizzy with pleasure.
Erica stopped teasing and took Lily's clit in her mouth. She hollowed her cheeks, sucking, while Anna used three fingers, in Lily's pussy. Miranda used her tongue to ravish Lily's mouth, while her hand tweaked and twisted the woman's nipples.
Lily went crazy, there was a body, a hand, a mouth, everywhere. Her pleasure built and built until she exploded, juices shooting her out of her slit, coating Anna's face.
"AAAhhh." It was then that Rachel came with a yell of pleasure, squirting over Anna's back. She sank exhausted to the sand.
Pleasure drove all thoughts of lunch, out of Miranda's head. This was new, and she wanted to replace Lily, her back to the sand, her wrists restrained, male eyes watching.
Miranda thought she had come far from her roots in the small Catholic parish in the North of Italy. If only the priest could see her now.
Anna and Erica laid on either side of Lily. Erica snuggled her arm under Lily's head, they each allowed a hand to fall on Lily's tummy, snuggling her. Their long legs stretched out, so they kept Lily warm. Lily found it hard to think about anything else besides the touch of the women's skin.
"AAAAwwwooooo." The siren sounded. The women looked up at the road, as the small police car pulled in.
"Shit, what now?" Asked Miranda.
"Are we in trouble?" Lily looked pale. "You can do this sort of thing in France, right?"
Erica and Anna stood. "Our papers are back on the boat", Erica interjected. "I hope these guys are cool."
They sighed in relief when the officer climbed out. His oversized gray mustache, brustled on a face lined with age. He struggled to get down the hill, due to his short legs, and enormous belly.
It was a testimony to the day that not one of the five women made any attempt to cover up, and in fact, they left Lily tied.
"Miranda?" The Constable shouted.
Miranda relaxed, it was the Constable from the local town, where they had purchased goods this morning. This couldn't be anything serious.
"I'm here." She called out.
But he didn't answer, he just climbed down, until he was within touching distance of the women. Then he took a handkerchief and wiped the sweat off his brow, his eyes in motion.
Miranda could see the flush creeping up his neck. She supposed it was probably a little like Christmas for him, all these naked females, and not a single piece of clothing.
"Can I help you?" She asked with a teasing smirk after a moment. "Perhaps you just wanted to see the sights today?"
"What, er no." The Constable gathered himself and turned her way. "Your husband has died. You are needed back at the boat immediately."
Stunned, Miranda stammered, "But, I'm naked."
"It is of no matter to me." The office replied, trying not to grin.
"Nonsense." Lily interrupted. "I insist you take something of mine. If nothing else, a swimsuit."
"How did he die?" Miranda asked, unable to focus.
Anna bent and untied Lily.
"I don't know. The boat called and asked that I find you." The Constable said. "Apparently, they sent someone from the boat, but they must have missed you."
"Sorry, boss." Rachel raised her hand and hung her head. "I got distracted." She grinned sheepishly.
"Do you know how he died?" Miranda asked Rachel.
Now it was Rachel's turn to blush. "He took a lot of Viagra last night. Maybe it was something with his heart?"
"Never mind that now, they need you back at the boat. They called at 9:30 this morning."
The Constable turned and started back up the hill. "I can give you a ride, but nobody else."
Miranda threw Lily's sundress on and wished she had shoes, as rocks littered the way. "You guys ride back with Rachel as soon as you can."
"Okay." Rachel nodded, but the other three women didn't have much to say, they would not meet her eyes. "I mean it, you guys, I want you back at the boat. Okay?"
Erica looked her in the eyes, "See the thing about it is that we don't belong in your world. Why would you want us to hang around? We want to be something more than entertainment."
The Constable was halfway up the hill. "Coming, dear?" He paused and looked back.
"One second," Miranda called out. "I don't have time for this." She whispered to the four women. "I need all of you back on the boat. I need your support."
"I need to pay you what you are owed." She looked at Erica and Anna.
"You need your dress back." She nodded at Lily.
"You still work for me, though I think I may have more fun if you play with me." She smiled at Rachel.
Anna and Erica could only nod in agreement, and that was going to have to be good enough, Miranda thought, as the Constable reached the top of the hill. She turned and hurried after.
................................................................................................................................
The four remaining women looked at each other, not sure what to do next.
Rachel was naked and should have been back on the boat a long time ago. She knew she would be in trouble.
Anna wanted to go home but didn't want to disappoint Erica.
Erica felt like doors were opening. The last thing she wanted to do was go home. She could taste the future.
Lily didn't want to lose her new friends. She felt like this was the grand adventure she was waiting for, the very reason she came to Europe.
"We need a moment, please." Anna excused herself and pulled Erica down the beach where they could talk in private. Could they trust Miranda? Could they trust Rachel? Would it be better to sell the jewels, send money home, and start over with the rest?
"We need to hurry." Rachel pulled her panties up.
"Sure." Lily nodded in her direction and hurried into the tent to find clothes.
Rachel and Lily dressed quickly and hurried down the beach to Anna and Erica.
"Please come back. I need your help." Lily pleaded.
"I love this job, and Miranda will so fire me if you guys don't come," Rachel added.
"Why, Lily, would you need our help?" Anna asked, with an arched eyebrow. "I didn't think you Americans needed help from anybody else."
Lily looked at the ground. "Okay, the truth is, I'm broke. I have airfare home, and that's it." Her voice petered out. "I'll do almost anything to stay. Could you help?"
"Rachel, why do I care if you keep your job?" Erica asked.
"You don't, and that's okay. You two are blind if you don't see how much Miranda likes you. If she's happy, the entire boat is happy." Rachel responded.
Anna grinned. "I'll stay, we'll stay and come back with you." She paused. "We can always go home."
"However, I don't think it's fair that we are the only ones naked," Erica interjected.
"Of course not," said Lily, and lifted her dress over her head, leaving just a silver ankle chain. "I completely forgot it's National nude day, anyway."
"Ahh, guys, I'd love to join you, but I'm working." Rachel said.
"You're either one of us, or you're not," Erica responded.
"Good point." Rachel stripped, leaving her clothes on the sand, The four naked women walked back to the tent.
Rachel went to get the boat, while the other three packed.
Erica was pleased to see Rachel was naked when she jumped out and pulled the boat up the sand.
She was even more pleased with the food, Rachel brought back. It came in a restaurant bag, and Erica knew she purchased it naked. Maybe she really did want to be part of the group?
They loaded the boat, Lily jumped in while the other women pushed it into deeper. The three of them climbed aboard, Rachel started the motor, and drove off into the deep blue ocean.
The sun was behind them, and they missed the men coming out of the trees. They certainly didn't see the phones shoved into pockets, the pants pulled up, the sheepish grins.
If the men of the village were a little tired that night, they simply told their wives the fish were biting, and they had too much sun.
The wives knew better. There were, of course, no fresh fish.
The end..
The boat: Two weeks later.
..................................................................................................................
"Cool! Thanks, Jerry." Miranda said to her lawyer. He was in London, she was in the bar at the back of the boat. He wore a suit and tie, it looked expensive and undoubtedly was.
She wore a thong bikini bottom, a silver necklace, a green handkerchief to keep her curls out of her face, and absolutely nothing else.
She was a little disappointed with Jerry, he had done an excellent job of looking her in the eyes. Her large, firm, tanned breasts topped by erect nipples, had drawn only cursory interest. A combination of the air conditioner, and Jerry's gorgeous legal secretary, betrayed her lust. Miranda had a thing for leggy brunettes in pencil skirts, and the secretary fit the bill perfectly.
"Bye, Jerry." She ended the call with a flick of her wrist. Miranda smiled when she was sure he was gone. He had been friends with dear departed William, and she hadn't been sure she could trust him.
She knew William was going to divorce her, and she worried that he changed his will. It turned out, he had an appointment with Jerry, to do just that, but it was for next month. Far too late.
Miranda was now a very wealthy woman. She had more money then she could spend in a thousand lifetimes. What was she going to do? How could she keep it safe, how could she use it to help others? Her thoughts raced.
Then, she looked out the window at the back deck. Rachel, Lily, Miranda, and Anna lay in the sun, naked. A bottle of champagne in an ice bucket next to them. She heard their laughter and wanted to join them. It appeared they were playing some sort of game.
She smiled and sauntered out the glass door. "Guess what?" She called.
The four women shrieked and leaped to their feet. Before Miranda could say anything else, they had her naked, flat on her back, her handkerchief covering her eyes, and her hands held down by two topless male crew members.
"Don't you want to know my news?" She laughed.
"No." They shrieked in unison. "We're playing a game, and you're it."
"So, how does this game work?" Miranda asked.
"One of us will do something to your body, you have to guess who it is. Guess right, and that person is it, guess wrong, and you're still in the middle." Anna informed her.
"So, what do you mean by 'something?' That sounds suspicious." Miranda replied.
"' Something,' dear girl, means we get to do whatever we want." Lily chimed in.
"Oooh boy," Miranda said. "Well, I guess we better get started."
Miranda felt a mouth on her right breast, another on her left breast, and someone else diligently licking the flower petals that lined her sex. One of the crewmen kissed her neck and ear, and the other made love to her mouth.
'You guys cheat.' She thought but didn't say anything. It was at that moment that she knew they would all be okay.
Moments later, her orgasm roared over her, and she didn't think about anything at all.
Epilogue: 10 years later
.....................................................................................................................
Anna and Erica stayed with Miranda. She supported their families back in Ukraine and built a medical clinic. Miranda paid to send the young women to college and then medical school.
Anna and Erica joined Doctors without Borders, and travel the world, helping others. Miranda's chateau in France, is their home base. They still have the jewels she gave them, and wear them every time they leave for work.
Miranda supplies them with money whenever they ask. They use the money to help others, and no longer do any sex work.
They make sure to return to France at least two times a year, and always have lots of sex, when they do. Neither has taken a lover, preferring instead the company of each other and their friends.
Rachel and Miranda became best friends. Rachel spends her time taking care of Miranda so that Miranda can focus on charity work. The two shared many lovers over the years, but lately, it's been Anna, Erica, and Lily.
Rachel manages the farm and vineyards where they live. Both are profitable and provide income for families in the surrounding area. Rachel has everything she ever wished for.
It turns out, someone was taking pictures of Lily in her backyard. Pictures they sent to the local school district and then published on the web. She goes home, but only to see her parents. She does stay in contact with her old friends.
Lily made the obvious choice and stayed in France starting a school. Miranda provides financial assistance, and she takes kids regardless of ability to pay. As a result, many refugee students attend, as well as the local kids, who could not afford it otherwise.
Lily took numerous lovers over the years. For a while, she went a little crazy, intoxicated by all the sex. She wears sundresses and is perfectly happy with her body. She does still travel to Paris, to dance in a cabaret once a week, but no longer takes lovers, content with just the other four women.
Lily lost track of the amount of anal sex she's had over the years. Every now and then she thinks of her old boyfriend and wonders if he misses her.
The five women like to play games, and Lily is perfectly delighted to let herself be dominated.
Rachel felt she did little to earn William's money, and therefore she had an obligation to help others. She gives little to traditional charities and instead spends her time funding projects that give back. She lives with Rachel in a large chateau in the South of France.
Over the years, she took many lovers, but now she limits herself to the other four women. The five of them do, it must be said, ask others to join them in bed.
She is perfectly content with her life.