My first instinct, as I felt the warmth of her naked body press against my bare back, was to sink into her maternal plushness. Suddenly, I realized that she had come from their bed, just down the hall, to mine in the middle of the night. "Their" being her and her husband. She quickly slid one arm under my neck and around my torso to join with the other so that she could hold me firmly and reassuringly. Before I could say, "What the fuck?", she whispered into my ear, "He wants me here with you. He wants this to happen."
I was feeling both shock and outrageously aroused at the same time. Shock that my ex-lover had silently slipped into my bed under her husband's nose. Incredibly aroused at how naughty it was that we were going to have sex and he was going to hear everything. I was just about to ask the stupid question, "Are you sure?", but before I could, I felt her hand slide down my belly until her fingertips feathered my hard shaft. I melted at her touch.
"He wants this to happen."
Sarah and I met online 10 years earlier and developed a ravenous sexual relationship for the next two years. I made her do all of the dirty things in real life that she had fantasized about for years. We laughed that we were like crack for each other. I loved that Sarah was a dirty girl who was up for anything a trusted man in control made her do. She loved how I knew her kinks, and how to play her mind and body to make her feel slutty. Feeling slutty was her nirvana.
Later, Sarah met Mike and fell in love. We all became close enough friends that I was a guest at their wedding. Sex became the farthest thing from our minds whenever the three of us met for lunch or dinner. I assume Sarah told him why we know each other but it never seemed to get in the way of our relationship. They moved away to a beautiful town on the east coast and gave me an open invitation to visit.
I was needing a break so I decided to stay with them for a week. It was a really nice visit with lots of good food and wine, and lots of laughing. All platonic. On my last night, they made me a beautiful steak with a smooth, silky bottle of red. As we had done every night before, we went to bed at around 11, them in the master bedroom and me down the hall in the guest room. Platonically.
I was fast asleep at 3 am when Sarah entered my bedroom naked. I sensed something happening as she slipped under the covers and, for a couple of seconds, I felt the warm sensation of passionate physical intimacy flow over my skin. When my brain finally engaged and I realized how bizarre and dangerous this was, she anticipated my shocked physical reaction by enveloping herself around my body and firmly holding me still. That's when I felt her soft lips gently touch my ear.
"He wants this to happen."
That's also when I felt her fingertips feathering my cock and balls. My body jerked as she gently teased the sensitive skin of my shaft. I was trying to contain my reaction but she said, "Let it go." I am quite responsive to any sensation and when she heard my familiar, primal grunting and groaning, a big beautiful smile of satisfaction spread across her face. She wrapped her fingers around my shaft and started pulsing her hand. With each pump, my back arched more and my ass lifted higher off the bed. I was gasping uncontrollably and if Mike wasn't awake when she left his bed, he was now. She left my door open and, I assume, his as well so he could hear us having sex.
She pressed her lips onto mine and plunged her tongue inside. We were grunting into each other's mouths as we kissed passionately and aggressively. Her hand slid down below my balls and then I felt her slip one finger into my ass, which made me growl long and loud. It was incredible how quickly we lapsed back into the animal sex we used to have when we were lovers.
In our torrid past, we were so dirty! We would meet either at her place or the adult movie theatre. At her place, there was little art to our sex but lots and lots of aggressive, primal lust. She was an eager and vigorous cocksucker, a woman who obviously lusted for the taste, scent and texture of a hard cock in her mouth. She sucked cock because she loved cock in her mouth, and the fact that I got benefit from it was just a happy bonus for me!
I was equally obsessed with her meaty pussy and loved warming her up with a number of "preparatory" orgasms before the real fucking started. We did almost no making love because she loved to be banged all over the bed. So I would throw her from one position to the next to change my cock's angle of vigorous attack. The whole time she would be either begging me to fuck her more, telling me in real time what she was thinking and feeling, or just moaning in rhythm to the humping of my cock. No filter, just her stream of consciousness expression of pure naked lust.
Going to the adult movie theatre is a topic for a whole other story! But suffice to say, we are both raging exhibitionists so it was our opportunity to be porn stars, getting naked for strangers, performing oral sex in front of them and then fucking with abandon while they watch. I loved making her a slut in front of them and she loved showing off how dirty she loved to be.
We would often go in a private room with a couch and a TV, but we always left the door open so strangers could watch us while on the couch. There were probably about ten guys in our room, many with their cocks in their hands. This one guy had the most beautiful cock either of us had ever seen. We looked at each other with our mouths agape and, in that moment, made a silent agreement that he should join us. I sat on the couch naked with my legs spread. She knelt between my legs and started sucking my cock while she stuck her ass out for the men to see her gaping pussy and her tight pink hole.
I motioned to them to get closer in a circle around us so they could see better. I then pointed to the guy with the gorgeous cock and said, "Fuck her." I handed him a condom but she looked up at me and said, "No condom." I gave her the "Are you sure" look and she nodded confidently. I looked at him and said, "No condom," and watched has he slowly worked his eight inch, thick cock between her swollen lips and deep into her pussy. It turned me on so much that she wanted him to fuck her raw. After a while of his relentless humping, he finally came inside her. I grabbed her hair and shoved my cock back in her mouth while telling her to stand up. She was bent over almost in half, sucking my cock while showing off the cum dripping out of her pussy and down her legs to all of the strangers in the room. Feeling slutty was her nirvana.
This was our history. Down and dirty fucking privately, publicly, just together or with strangers. As long as it was sex and dirty, we were in. And now here we were, ten years later, naked in bed again and falling right back into our old familiar sexual patterns of dirty sex. And doing it just down the hall from her husband, whom I'm sure had a glass to the wall listening to every gasping breath.
I rolled over so we were both on our sides facing each other. Her hand was delicately fondling my cock while two of my fingers were teasing her clit, labia and vagina. We started kissing with just our lips. Short, butterfly kisses that got longer and more passionate, but just lips. It was so incredibly intimate and it was obvious we were both very much entwined in the moment. The kissing and fondling went on and on for what seemed like a half-hour. It was like an intense stream of intimacy that was flowing between us like a current.
Finally, I rolled on top of her, pinning her on her back. I placed all of my weight on her as she instinctively spread her legs. I grasped her wrists together above her head, exposing her bare armpits, which I find incredibly sexy. She loved feeling in the control of a strong man and signaled her surrender to my advances by whispering, "Fuck me." Instead of shoving my cock into her and banging her as we would usually do, I slowly, teasingly worked it in a millimeter at a time. She was so wet, I had to go in slowly or I could have easily slipped in all of the way. But I wanted it to be as intimate as our kissing and fondling and it was clear she was loving this "new" approach.
I was now so far inside her and I could feel her swollen labia rubbing against my smooth balls. I slid my arms underneath her back and hooked my hands over her shoulders from underneath. This allowed me to pull my cock as deep into her as it could possibly go, forcing her pussy lips to spread wide and allowing me to grind my pubic bone into her clit. I would pull down on her shoulders and bow my back so I got the right leverage to do short, slow but firm thrusts into the deepest reaches of her vagina. And then I would change to long, slow relentless pumps, pulling out so that my head was exposed and then pushing my cock slowly back all the way in.
All the while our lips were touching -- just barely touching -- and we were swallowing each other's breaths, grunts and moans. We were kissing, licking and gently biting, as well as sucking each other's tongues like they were hard little cocks. We were, for the first time in our sexual history, making love and it was delicious! I felt incredible intimacy with her in that moment and could've told her I loved her and meant it, even though I wasn't in love with her.
Although we were caught up in our own little bubble, I could vaguely sense Mike was now standing at the door. Because of the way we were kissing and her angle on the bed, Sarah couldn't see he was there. As I said above, Sarah and I had a solid history of performance sex for audiences of horny strangers so I decided now was the time to give him the show he wanted.
I whispered into Sarah's ear too low for Mike to hear as I slowly rocked into her, "Tell me how my cock feels inside you"
She whispered in return, "I love it. I love it. Your cock is so hard."
"I can't hear you."
"I love how hard your cock feels inside me."
"Louder," I said softly.
"I love your cock," she grunted loud enough for anyone inside the house to hear. "I love your cock inside me. I love how it fills me up. It feels like my whole body is filled with your cock."
I knew Mike gets off on Sarah experiencing sexual ecstasy. He doesn't have to be the one giving her that sensation. He just needs to either see or know that she's going out of her mind with lust.
"Do you want me to keep fucking you?" The sound of my question kept from Mike's ears by the grunting and groaning of his wife being fucked by another man.
"Yes," she growled loudly into my ear.
I stopped fucking her and whispered, "Then beg for my cock."
"Fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me..." She just kept repeating over and over again.
"You love being my slutty little whore, don't you?"
"I want to be your whore," She gulped.
"Then spread your legs wider to show Mike what a slutty whore you love to be for me."
I always love it when a woman spreads her legs wide and points her toes in the air. It means Sarah's getting ready to cum so I reverted back to our old ways and I started pounding my cock into her. Long, hard, fast, deep thrusts, with loud slapping of my hips against her ass as I pound her. The sound of me fucking her was now reverberating through the entire house. I could see in my periphery that Mike was stroking his cock. That made me even hornier and I started fucking her even harder. I looked into her eyes and told her to look into mine. I asked her quietly, "What do you want?"
"Fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me...", she begged or demanded, maybe both.
I asked her, "Are you ready to cum?" And she said yes.
As I looked into her eyes and rammed to my cock into her cunt, I kept repeating softly, "Cum...cum...cum..." I was ready to cum but was just riding the edge, waiting for her to go over first. She grabbed her toes, pulled her legs high and wide, and started screaming, "I'm cumming I'm cumming I'm cumming I'm cumming ..." At the same moment, Mike grunted in the doorway and came all over the carpet. She didn't notice he was there until he came. He then blew her a kiss, turned around and walked back to their bedroom while I was still on top of her and inside her.
We lay like that for a while. Her legs wrapped around my waist. My cock slowly growing soft inside her, even as our hips maintained a slow, rotational grind. When I woke up, I was alone and I could hear both of them downstairs in the kitchen. I thought about how awkward it was going to be to walk into the kitchen, grab a coffee, sit down and have typical morning chat with them. And then I had an idea...
I walked in wearing a robe, as both of them were as well. He was sitting at the table reading the paper and she was puttering at the sink. I said good morning and then walked straight over to her. I tenderly but firmly pressed my body against hers from behind. I put my hands on her hips and held her firmly in place. She stopped what she was doing, put her hands on the counter for support and bowed her head as my hands delicately caressed her neck, shoulders, back, ass and thighs. Her breathing got very deep as my hands rounded her waist and caressed her Rubenesque belly. I could hear Mike put his paper down on the table behind us.
I started grinding my cock into her ass through our robes. I untied her robe and pulled it open. I turned her around to expose her naked body to me. When she crossed her legs slightly in modesty I told her to stop and spread her legs. She obeyed me and gave me a beautiful view of the pussy that was filled with my cock just a few hours ago.
"Undo my robe," I told her. She untied my belt and opened the front to reveal my half-erect cock. Instinctively, she reached between my legs and fondled my cock and balls with both hands. She never looked away from my eyes as she caressed me because she knew how much I loved that. I repositioned us slightly so Mike was now watching us from the side. He could see her hands wrapped around my now fully hard shaft. He could see how intently we gazed into each other's eyes. He could almost literally see the intensity of the sexual energy flowing between us.
I slid my fingers between her legs and teased her labia, clit and vagina. She was teasing my cock and balls. I said, "What do you want?"
I wanted Mike to see how intense her sexual desire was for another man.
"I want your cock."
"Where?"
"In my mouth."
"Why?"
I was teasing her, forcing her to make these confessions openly and clearly in front of Mike. I knew it would arouse her to the point of desperation for my cock and Mike loves to watch his wife lust uncontrollably for another man..
"I love, love, love feeling and tasting your hard cock inside my mouth."
"How does it feel when your mouth is filled with my hard cock?"
"Your cock feels so strong and powerful inside me."
"How do you feel when my cock is strong and powerful inside your mouth?"
"I feel like you own me."
"Louder."
"I feel like you own me," she said, sounding both desperate and determined at the same time.
"Good girl. Take off your robe and get on your knees."
She never took her eyes off of mine as she lowered herself naked to the floor. She was manipulating me as much as I was her! I let my robe fall from my shoulders so Mike had a totally unobstructed view of his wife devouring the erect cock of another man. Sarah put on the special cocksucking performance she reserved for public audiences. We would alternate between her sucking my cock in whatever way her mouth desired and me fucking her mouth and face however my cock desired.
I always loved how Sarah constantly changed her sucking technique. Sometimes she was pumping her whole mouth up and down the full length of my shaft like a woodpecker. Sometimes she was soaking her face by rubbing it into balls made wet by her dripping saliva. Sometimes she was all lips and tongue on my smooth, silky head. She rarely did the same thing for more than a few seconds. I never knew what to expect and the intensity of whatever she was doing increased every time she changed.
I also loved to use her mouth and face for my pleasure and entertainment. I gripped her hair and tilted her head back so that she was looking up into my eyes. I squeezed the base of my cock tightly and rubbed my swollen purple head across her lips. I slapped her face lightly with my cock, slowly moving it across her skin to her cheeks, her eyes, her forehead and her nose. The whole time we were gazing deeply into each other's eyes.
I held her hair with both hands as if gripping ponytails. Keeping her head still, I slid my cock into her mouth and started thrusting. With each hump, I pushed my head deep enough inside her to feel her throat closing around it. And then I pulled it almost all of the way out, with just my head in the embrace of her lips. Over and over and over. As relentless as a fucking machine into her mouth.
Soon her saliva was dripping in a slow but steady stream from her lips, down onto her tits and belly. Her nonstop moaning was her confession to Mike of how much she loved sucking my cock right in front of him.
I was ready so I pulled my cock out of her mouth very slowly, letting the rope of saliva running from my cock to her lips fall away to her breasts one strand at a time. I pulled her to her feet, grabbed her arm and firmly led her toward her husband. I guided her to the opposite side of the table and bent her over so that she was looking right into his eyes as she lay prone in front of him. I grabbed her hair from behind and pulled back so that they were face to face. I could see his eyes LOCKED onto hers with such lusty intensity. I wet the head of my cock with my saliva, parted her labia with my fingers, and slowly, slowly work my cock inside her. I knew from her gasping and grunting how her face was contorting.
I grabbed her arms and folded them behind her back, pinning them with one hand as if she was bound that way. I held her hair firmly with the other hand and constantly adjusted her position this way and that so that I could work my cock into her. Once I was as deep inside her as I could get, I started slowly doing long thrusts in and out. I knew this would drive her crazy because she really just wanted to be pounded to orgasm by now. She was moaning continuously, the sound modulating in concert with the pumping of my cock.
"What do you want?
She was looking right into her husband's eyes, less than a foot away, as she replied, "I want you to fuck me harder."
"Pardon?"
"I want you to fucking fuck me harder," she half screamed and half pleaded. I continued at the same maddeningly slow pace, she whimpered over and over again, "Please. Please. Please..."
"Why do you want me to fuck you harder?"
"I want you to make me cum. I want you to cum inside me. Fill me with your cum." She said this to me without ever letting her gaze stray from her husband's eyes. I knew he was going out of his mind and he was probably leaking precum into his underwear.
"No condom?"
"No. No condom," she said to Mike.
"You want me to breed you in front of your husband?"
"Oh god yesssssss, just fuck me, just fuck me."
"You don't feel bad letting another man fuck your cunt in front of your husband?"
"I don't care. I am too horny to care. I just want your cock. FUCK ME WITH YOUR FUCKING COCK!"
"So you have no control over your desires when you are this aroused?" I said this in a soft measured tone to antagonize her desperation to a higher level.
"No."
"Tell Mike what you need."
"I need your cock."
"Keep telling him until I tell you to stop."
As she kept repeating "I need your cock" to me while she looked at Mike, I started pounding into her, finally giving her what she needed most in the moment. I could tell by her growing incoherence that she was getting close to orgasm. I was there already but was holding off until she started. As soon as her body began shaking and bouncing on the table, and she let out a long loud scream announcing the beginning her orgasm, I let my own orgasm flow from the depth of my balls and ass. Mike and I silently watched her have about five minutes of aftershocks as she remained prone on the table. She was whimpering and moaning as the tail end of the orgasm took its sweet time leaving her body. oh I think your page 2
When she was finally quiet, still on the table, I walked over to Mike's side, gently lifted her head by her hair and slid my cock into her mouth. "Clean my cum and your pussy off my cock." She barely moved as she accepted my cock in her mouth. She let her mouth fill with her warm saliva and bathed my head and shaft with her tongue for a few minutes. When she swallowed her mouthful of saliva, cum and pussy juice, I pulled my cock out of her mouth.
"Kiss Mike," I told her. I watched their lips touch and their tongues slide into each other's mouths. Without a word, I went upstairs, showered and packed, and came downstairs to leave. My Uber arrived quickly. She and I kissed goodbye with our tongues right beside Mike, then he and I shook hands and smiled warmly at each other, and I left for the airport home.
END NOTE
Thank you for taking the time to read my story. I would be grateful if you would rate my story and leave a comment (good or constructive, just not nasty please!).