::Getting Noticed::
Just about every car Olivia passed as she tottered down King Street in her stripper heels gave her a toot and many yelled out of the window excited and unintelligible comments, some with hand actions.
Olivia held her head high and her torn bra closed. Her pussy buzzing and aching from the abuse in the back seat of the police car just minutes ago.
Her tiny high wobbly steps and the burning public humiliation made her walk of shame slow time like she was swimming in glue.
Finally she reached the safety of her little car.
In her rush to placate the aggressive police woman she had left the window down and the keys in the ignition. In this inner city area full of junkies and nut cases it was a minor miracle her car was still there.
Olivia lifted the handle and it felt weird.
No clack sound, no springy resistance, just a floppy dead feeling in her hand.
Olivia almost collapsed on to the car when the door didn't open as expected.
She thought "Oh god I'm locked out."
An instant of panic passed when she saw the window was mostly down and the keys easily in reach.
She pulled the keys out and hit the remote button.
"Whirrrrrr, da-da-da-da"
Olivia had never heard her little car make that noise before.
She looked at the remote to check that she was pushing the right button and caught a glimpse of the hem of her pink fluffy robe and a hint of seat belt poking out of the closed driver's door.
"sFucks!" Olivia cried out in lisp filled frustration.
Olivia tugged on the door handle a few more times with a few more mousey "sfucks".
She clip-clopped around to the passenger side door but it was locked too and the remote button didn't seem to be doing anything. Olivia held the button down and the alarm sounded, drowning out another little:
"sFucks!"
A hairy masculine hand reached from behind Olivia pressing the remote button again ending the penetrating 'wubs' of the car alarm.
"Having a tough time of it?" The low friendly male voice asked.
Olivia started to cry cute little sobs and sniffles.
The shop assistant that had come out to help her felt a little awkward but gave her shoulders a weak hugging pat.
Her torn bra and micro panties set a sexy scene for the drama of the situation.
Olivia clutched the shop assistants chest and hugged him like she was climbing a mountain and the tears flowed thick and fast.
"Ow, it can't be so bad. Don't cry sweetness." The shop assistant slipped off his apron and put it around his newly discovered nearly naked sex bomb.
Olivia wriggled into the apron and cry-smile-hugged the shop assistant while he tied the string around her waist.
Olivia gave the young man a kiss as the apron rope knot tickled her half bare tanned and bubbly ass cheeks.
"Let's see about your car." The young shop assistant quickly looking back through the shop window to make sure the line at the counter was OK.
He tried the passenger's door and then the inside handle on the driver's door with no luck and scratched his chin.
"Ah yes." The young man reached deep down inside Olivia's car and pulled the short lever beside the driver's seat.
The petrol cap opened and Olivia couldn't help but give a little giggle. She thought about saying "she might not be able to fit in that way" and then giggled again without saying it.
A second dive into Olivia's car found the hatch release and the back of the car opened with a dull "Ti-Clack"
Olivia tottered around to the back and opened the hatch fully.
The line in the store was now growing, not concerned about service but pressed up against the window to watch the show.
Olivia climbed into the back on hands and knees her perfectly toned ass wiggling it's way into the little car. She stopped for a second, took off the apron and returned it to the shop assistant with another thank you kiss.
A round of golf claps ran through the line inside the shop.
Olivia crawled back into the back of her car.
Her perfect tear drop breasts finally defeating her torn lace bra and springing free.
Olivia's progress momentarily arrested as she could not quite get over the rear seats.
Mat - the young shop assistant weighed up reaching in unlocking the fold down seats but thought this might be something the topless sex bomb might want to handle on her own.
After a few tries with alternating arms and legs straddling the rear seat, Olivia noticed the little knob on the edge. With a bit of topless back seat rodeo wriggling and a two handed squeak grunt pull the seat came free.
A muffled cheer came from inside the shop as Oliver rode the collapsing rear seat into the back of the car like a sexy little tree falling down.
Mat the shop assistant looked back and the customers all looked away in unison and tried to seem as if they were just waiting in line.
Olivia; a mess of wriggling tanned and bubbly toned sexy body parts righted herself in the back.
She spun around, climbed in to the back of her car again and crawled out breasts dangling to close the hatch.
Mat looked back to catch Olivia's breasts in all their glory flailing free as she pulled the hatch down from the inside.
She ineffectually covered her chest with one hand gave Mat a cheeky smile and a little wave with the other from inside the large rear hatch window before crawling back around and through to the back seats with an ass wiggle that would likely have killed any passing cardiac patients.
After a minute of trying to wrestle through the gap in the front seats in her compact car Olivia put the keys in and used the power adjust to slide the driver's seat all the way back to make room to slip between them and sit down.
Sitting in the seat she felt like a little kid with the seat way back she couldn't reach half way to the peddles, she waggled her feet a little the morning sun had warmed the seat and it cheered her up somewhat.
Mat and his erection went back inside the little shop with the big front window full of customers.
Olivia started to giggle as she rode the motorised seat forward and then a pang of panic as she thought "How will I get out? Back the same way I guess, and the seat belt?" Olivia then looked down at her newly sparkly bronzed C cup boobs giggling free and though. "It's all relative I guess."
Most drivers passed without noticing her driving topless. It was the traffic lights that were a problem.
Car weren't such an issue, it was tradesman's vans and RV style people movers and 4X4s that had a clear view all the way to her toned bronze abs.
At first she tried to ignore the other driver's stares, yells and honking horns.
After a few sets of lights Olivia decided to just enjoy it and blew kisses to the ravenous men, jealous woman and puzzled children in cars that passed alongside.
Back at home Olivia sat in her driveway in the warm winter sunlight for a few minutes psyching herself up for the topless tumbling and contortion act needed to escape her little car.
She motored the seat back and had another giggle at her wiggly bronzed legs.
Just as she transitioned into the back seat the mail man happened past.
Olivia froze hoping he would not notice her scissored between seats.
He filled her mailbox and continued on to the next one.
Olivia started toward the hatch again and he gave her a casual wave and a little smile. She had always liked the look of him.
At the hatch she realised that she hadn't unlocked it before she left the driver's seat.
After a second gymnastic circuit inside her compact car, Olivia was free, if a little sweaty and covered in car upholstery dust.
She made a mental note to wash and hoover the car at some later point. And get that door fixed. "Maybe the buckle was caught in the lock or something?" she thought to herself.
As the hatch came down she realised her window was closed and there was now no way to re-open her car. She strained against the closing hatch but the momentum was too much and it closed with a dull and disheartening "Ti-clack".
The last day or so had been a strain. Olivia felt defeated and slinked inside for a nap.
An hour later she woke hungry and thirsty. She put her other fluffy pink robe had a tuna sandwich and a little daydream about Joan and her tight fitting delivery woman uniform.
Olivia climbed onto the saddle of her New-life Rider and started up the sequence.
The machine buzzed to life with a "You've got mail." Notice on the mounted touch pad.
Olivia's bruised pussy protested. The mild pain eliciting strong flashbacks to the Parking lot and the back seat of the police car.
All fuel for the fantasy of Joan rescuing her and having more sex in the back of the police car.
Olivia rode the vibrating saddle of the machine dreaming vividly. The slow rhythmic rock in a figure eight pattern buzzing away her cares.
The vibration intensified in an uncomfortable way and the mail notices sounded again.
"Look up."
Was the message. Olivia thought for a second "Look up what, porn?"
The machine saddle tilted further forward than ever, to almost forty five degrees and Olivia thrust forward and arched her back to keep balance. The new position causing a pressure on her bruised pussy and she made a half ache half lust face with eyes closed and head back.
Opening her eyes a little she noticed a red light on the ceiling in her room. There was a new smoke alarm fitted directly above her bed.
The ding of a new mail.
"Yes, like that."
As she read it another mail came through.
"Close your eyes and put your head back again."
Olivia didn't know what to make of that. "Was this some new kind of spam? And why was there no sender?"
She thought she might need some kind of antivirus but wasn't sure how that would work exactly given she had no idea what the software running the table was called or who to call for support.
The Machine shuttered and then started pulsing in an even more uncomfortable way.
Her feet in the stirrups behind her she could not get off the machine. She was trapped on the saddle while it was tilted forward like this.
The pulses got stronger and Olivia instinctively bent her head back and closed her eyes again.
Just a second later the machine resumed the pleasant humming and rocking and leveled out a little.
Olivia built toward orgasm and kept her head all the way back, writhing in sync with the slow rhythm of the motorized saddle, falling deeper into the massage. But as her excitement grew the discomfort of her bruised pussy became more insistent.
A Pained look and soft "Aaah" escaped. She moaned, hummed and road for ten minutes and unconsciously opened her mouth in a sexy pout and softly rubbed her bubbly lips and breasts with her finger tips.
A few more minutes of riding and the discomfort was winning out over the joy of masturbation.
Olivia swiped at the touch screen at the front of the machine. She had never gotten off before she had climaxed before.
The Display only showed links to online shopping or open mails.
As she fruitlessly tapped and swiped the ding of mail notification popped up and:
"Perhaps you should take a shower."
Was the odd anonymous note.
The machine saddle leveled out and stopped vibrating and Olivia gingerly climbed off.
She had wanted to turn it off, but did she? ...and what was with those emails about? She thought to herself as she wandered toward the shower shedding her fluffy pink robe as she dreamily shuffled along.
Her bronzed toned and pert body quivered slightly with each dreamy step. In the shower Olivia noticed another new smoke detector with a bright red light on it.
Olivia noticed the shower gel, loofah rope and other stuff was all new as well. The shower head was now a pink bullet shape and dangled free on the end of a silver hose with no wall mount.
Olivia took hold of shower head and turned it on, the water felt different, wiggly, pulsing, the head shuddered in her hand.
"I will have to tell Joan smoke detectors don't work in the bathroom." Olivia thought to herself and felt extra warm thinking about Joan being over protective and the water was warm also.
Joan stood at the bathroom door for a minute admiring her glistening bronze shower goddess.
"You keep sending those kind of pictures and I'm gunna get fired missy." Joan mock scolded.
Olivia looked shocked, she had just begun a little shower fantasy about Joan's strong body standing over her ...in the shower and was more than a little embarrassed to see her actually standing there in the doorway.
"Really? You... playing coy? After that picture you send to my phone just now? And honey... ten points for safety but smoke detectors don't work where there is a lot of steam, you know, like above the shower." Joan's voice trailing down into a sexy deeper whisper with each syllable.
Olivia was enthralled by the sight of Joan peeling off her uniform and gazing into Olivia's eyes. Olivia didn't notice at first what she had said, but then remembered there was something about the smoke detector.
Joan flung her clothes off like it was an Olympic event. Olivia clutched the vibrating shower head like it was a newly discovered bar of gold breathless with sexual anticipation.
The warm water and soothing shower gel were easing Olivia's aches and pains, but the approaching naked Joan, muscular and strong, were drowning out all other sensations.
Joan and Olivia's shower sex streamed live through the cameras in the smoke detector above the shower and the one on the hall ceiling.
The NL website had grown by tenfold in membership since Olivia had become their unwitting star.
Dozens of feeder sites with stills of Olivia in various predicaments, locations and positions with Joan and hours of video footage of the two enjoying the massage saddle from the camera in the tablet frenzied the voyeuristic needs of internet surfers.
Olivia and Joan explored each others' toned bodies. Kissing and caressing the feeling of warm water transitioned to waves of pure pleasure.
The two, eyes closed mashed their slippery bodies together. Joan took Olivia's hand and guided the water around them both. The forceful guidance of Joan's strong hands and pulsing sensation shuddering their arms and then Joan slipped the pulsing shower head between the two.
Olivia cried out "Aarhh Joaaaan!" as a massive orgasm thundered through her.
Joan curled on leg around Olivia pulling the two together with all her strength.
A subtle hip movement from Olivia and Joan felt the magic of the new pulsing shower head.
"Far, ar, uk!" Joan screamed.
Joan and Olivia came together loudly for almost a full minute.
The two broke down into laugh sobs and Joan released her octopus like grip on Olivia.
A few minutes of shower snuggling gave way to a bit of actual washing and then reluctantly switching off the water.
Once out of the shower the post sex chit chat and lingering looks and constant touching began:
"Your party dress is here. It was kinda funny you emailed me when you did, you were my last delivery anyway, and I should have headed back to the depot but ...hmmm... girl you are just too delicious." Joan purred still radiant, wet and topless fresh from the shower.
Olivia thought back: ...no she couldn't remember sending any emails today, what with her phone being in Joan's truck. And what dress for what party? She thought to herself she needed to try to focus more.
"Meyes sbag sin your strucks." Olivia hissed, the morning of abuse to her lips taking it's toll.
Joan looked a little sheepish and dashed out to her van. She felt more than a little foolish forgetting to bring Olivia's package given the totality of her job was bringing people packages.
She caught a glimpse of herself in the van window, she looked good but also she was still topless outside, what was with her head lately, especially around Olivia? She though.
Olivia stripped open the package on the kitchen table to see an embossed invitation on the little packages inside:
"Your appointment today for the photo shoot is for 4pm sharp. Please wear the clothes provided."
First out of the box were three pairs of pink lace thong panties with an odd plastic square at the front of each one.
Joan read the label while Olivia continued to unpack.
-Lovers touch.
-Bluetooth enabled panties allow you to send your love from anywhere. Just text a heart to your lover so she can feel your love vibes anytime, anyplace.
Next out of the package was a small gold smart watch with a wide crystal studded bracelet style band and low profile secret agent style in-ear headset.
Olivia immediately slipped on the watch earpiece and then one of the thongs under her towel.
Joan wanted to say something but could not decide what.
Last was a red shimmering Lurex strip with three large round gold buckles with short gold chain loops.
"Is that a scarf?" Joan mocked.
After a few tries Olivia found the right arm hole and that the high collar neck buckled on the left side.
The second buckle went under her left arm to make a kind of boob tube showing just a hint of under and side boob pressing up quite a lot of cleavage as well.
The boob tube buckle pressed into the side of Olivia's armpit and bulged out the side of her breast a little. Joan stared open mouthed.
The last Buckle was just below her hips. The shiny gold metal lightly pinching a ring of bronzed and toned ass cheek side.
There was a small gap where the pink thong strap showed under the gold buckle, but it's unlikely anyone would care or even notice.
This was a full length gown with almost the entire left side cut away replaced by gold buckles stretching the gold shimmering red fabric to taught. Olivia's toned flesh ever so slightly bulged around the edges of the fabric.
"Holy shit Ol'..." Joan started to say something but again couldn't choose what to say fist.
"Um, I guess I am picking up the kids? Is your Car OK?" Joan spoke soothingly at first but that quickly turned to heat filled lust as she drank in Olivia's frame in the probably less than legal slinky red dress.
Olivia nodded and happened to see two red lights on the ceiling; a new smoke detector in the kitchen and another in the hall. She knew there was something going on but was excited about the dress and the invite.
"Ol' honey?" Joan snapped her fingers. "Hello, earth to Olivia." Joan beamed at the dreamy Olivia. "God honey, you are so spacey, if you need a nap before the shoot you need to have it now."
Olivia hugged Joan and started to caress her back.
"Ol! That's not what I meant and you know it girl." Joan mock scalded and contemplated doing Olivia on the kitchen table.
The two shared a long kiss and Joan could not resist exploring the red and sparkly wrapped Olivia.
The red stretch fabric was very coarse and semi transparent, front on the red colour was vivid but it faded behind a metallic gold shine the steeper the angle it was viewed. The effect was to highlight every slightest curve and feature's edge on Olivia's body and outline it in shiny gold.
Joan really thought about doing her on the kitchen table.
"Ol' honey, we need to do your hair and makeup... will they have someone there?" Joan starting to quickly plan the afternoon as best as she could.
Olivia shrugged. She vaguely remembered something about a promotional shoot for the NL clinic, but was that today? 'Must be' she thought with another shrug.
"Ol? Really it's like two... forty five now. Start drying your hair and I will pick up the kids."
Joan said in a nurturing tone. "Can I borrow? Hmmm nothing you have is gunna fit is it?"
Joan threw on her uniform and left without a word but was back in 15 minutes kids in tow.
Olivia was still doing her hair. Joan helped her put it up and threw on some eyeliner and lipstick before whisking her out the door without her bag, phone or even shoes.
They pulled up outside the Newtown clinic with Five minutes to spare. "I'll pick you up at... um the card says you finish at eight, so I'll be here at eight. Have fun honey."
Joan kissed Olivia goodbye and gave her a little squeeze on the ass as she slid out of the van.
Olivia's kids waved from the back of the van as Joan drove off.
Inside the clinic was half full of lighting and fabric backdrops. The Dr from before was there with a photographer.
"You Olivia?" said the feminine looking male photographer.
"Yeshs." Olivia said through her impossibly sexy pouted lips.
"Oh, that is unexpected." Said the doctor. "Let's get that nipped up now shall we."
Olivia looked surprised.
"Nervous deary? Drink this it will relax you." The Doctor said handing Olivia a shot glass.
Olivia was nervous and downed the shot, it tasted like vodka with a cheap chemically aftertaste.
The Doctor spoke to the photographer. "Get some shots of her on the machine, I just need to touch up those lips and we can get going."
Olivia felt very warm and a little dizzy.
The doctor fixed Olivia's palms and soles of her feet to the machine and the robot arm shot the proprietary surgical glue in a ring around her lips and expanded in her mouth to set in a smile.
Olivia squeaked as the glue shrank pinching he pout into a kissing face.
"Doctor, Ow, my voice is back." Olivia was startled not to hear the lisp in what seemed like forever. "Doctor I feel a little..."
"Yes Deary, I gave you some ethanol and GHB, you may feel a little queasy at first but just relax into it and this will be over before you know it. Ok?" The Doctor in a clinical tone.
Olivia pulled against the grip of the machine on her hands and feet. The paralyzing electrical signal was shut off but she was still stuck hands and feet to the round metal pads, suspended like a puppet in the robot operating theater.
She got a little flash back of the body modification the robot arms had performed but it quickly faded into a pleasant warm and drunken feeling.
The photographer walked in and took lots of photos in quick succession.
The warm feeling intensified and Olivia started to feel each click of the camera and flash like it was a soft pat on her ears.
Olivia smiled, the lips modification worked perfectly and gave her a beauty pageant grin.
"Ow, arh?" The Doctor looked worried. "Um Oh well too late now."
Olivia continued smiling broadly. She was feeling very calm and relaxed spread eagle on the machine felt like a hug for everyone.
The photographer continued to hammer away as Olivia slipped deeper into the sensual fog of the Doctor's cocktail.
Olivia started to drift off suspended in the air. She was just too comfortable to fight it.
As she slept the photographer continued to snap away. The doctor controlled the round pads that held Olivia's hands and feet. The large eight armed robot manipulated Olivia into various positions for the photos.
Once the photographer had enough shots of her face and figure hugging outfit the doctor popped off the three large gold buckles and removed Olivia's dress.
The featureless backdrop of the operating theater and excellent choice to photo shop in some lush scenery for the nude magazine and billboard ads.
The surgical glue had not cured completely before they began; now Olivia's sexy smirk was locked on her face as she slumbered.
The doctor redressed her and wheeled her out to the cab that would take her to the party. He snapped open some smelling salts before helping her into the cab.
Fifteen minutes later and Olivia was still woozy. The driver helped her to the stone steps of the entrance and said goodnight with a wink. Olivia hugged him and went inside in a sleepy warm haze, smiling broadly.
A young woman with bright red hair and china white skin in a vintage burlesque cigarette girl costume greeted her with a drink.
Feeling a little sleepy? She asked before slipping two blue pills into her drink.
"It's ok. Drink up." The greeter said. Olivia did and the greeter continued. "It's only Ecstasy and Viagra. It should help tonight."
Olivia barely registered words let alone what the attractive young woman with very nice legs was saying.
Olivia mumbled "coffee?"
The young burlesque woman greeter smiled and led the wobbly red and gold goddess over to the drinks cart.
Sipping the black coffee Olivia was led into the dining hall and to her seat at one of the five large round dining tables that ringed the small dance floor and an elevated unlit stage at the far end.
"Finish your coffee sweetness and then maybe a little dance to get the blood flowing." the greeter said with a knowing look.
Olivia noticed her smartwatch was flashing the word "dance". She sculled the rest of the warm coffee and started swaying to the 80s music shuffling toward the center of the dance floor.
The greeter danced behind Olivia and guided her movement into an erotic duet.
"I'm Joy." Said the greeter.
Olivia giggled and thought she was pretty happy too but was too out of it to respond with words.
"I hope we get matched tonight." Joy said softy stroking Olivia's torso.
"This is your first event isn't it?" Joy asked. "Don't worry sweetness just let yourself flow with it, you look like fun."
Other people started filling the dimly lit seats around the floor. Their faces ghostly blue white from the light of their screens as they gazed intently into their phones. All formally dressed but none of them talking to each other.
A fit looking young brunette woman in a satin and lace French maid outfit pushed a tiny cart onto the dance floor and said to Joy and Olivia. "Hope you're hungry."
The maid bent forward tilting her stiff ruffled skirt up and pinched Olivia's cheeks to open her mouth sliding in a pealed banana.
Olivia's watch flashed. "Don't chew - just hold it with your lips."
The maid tottered off into the darkness and Joy put her lips around the other end and continued dancing, staring into Olivia's eyes with a giggle and a sexy smile.
Olivia noticed Joys watch was flashing. They danced together for a few more bars locked together at the banana.
Olivia end of the banana was dissolving, she sucked it in a little further inching closer to Joy's lips. The two both giggled again in anticipation.
A flurry of message tones drew Olivia's eye around the room, all the phones seemed to be glowing the same colour and flickering at the same time.
Joy moaned softly and sucked her end of the banana all the way to Olivia's lips. The two danced around the floor lips lightly touching banana in mouths a few more moments.
Olivia succumb to temptation and swallowed.
Another flurry of message tones.
Olivia, burning up from the focused attention of a room full of well dressed strangers, the sensation of intense scrutiny in a sexually charged moment, and the drug trip transitioning from dream state to energetic euphoria, kissed the banana into Joy.
Olivia became aware of a buzzing sensation in her panties.
Joy held Olivia's body up against hers as they danced a lap of the floor with a little twirl at each table.
The buzzing of Olivia's panties ringing through her like being in free fall. It was like an orgasm that just would not end, devastatingly exhilarating she kissed Joy a little harder.
The maid returned and took Joy's hands behind her back and tied them with wide pink ribbon while all three slow danced to 80s music.
Olivia held Joy's head and continued kissing her as they danced.
Olivia's watch buzzed: "record a love message for Joan."
The little watch screen filled with the cam image of Olivia's chest and face looking back down at it.
Olivia looked into the camera with deepest passion purred. "I love you." And just as she was about to say "Joan." The maid snatched the dress buckle from under Olivia's arm.
Olivia's dress sprung open like a popping balloon. Her round bronzed breasts jiggled free.
"Message sent"
popped up on her watch.
A restrained cheer/gasp went up around the room.
Olivia stood stunned open mouthed, the orgasmic feeling heightened by the prickly heat of sadistic cheers.
The maid offered Joy a cream puff from the cart.
Joy, hands bound, ate it out of her hand, The maid lowered her hand until Joan was bent over the cart and urged her to continue to eat off the top of the cart.
Some sweets for you? The maid asked while tying Olivia s hands and bending her over the cart facing Joy.
Olivia just let it happen, the whole event a flood of sensation lust and indescribable emotion, it was all she could do not to scream in anguish. Joy had cream over her face and Olivia was directed to lick it clean.
Instructions were coming from the maid and from her little watch but she had no will left to resist any of it.
As Joy and Olive both bent over the cart. The maid lashed Joy to the cart with more pink ribbon.
Olivia knew this was wrong but felt compelled somehow to follow instructions. Her whole world dove in on itself to Joy's face and licking it clean. The mock cream tasted sweet and Joy seemed to be enjoying it.
Olivia s breasts were mashing up some red and green jelly deserts as she strained to reach Joy's face across the little cart.
The maid took some ribbon and made a collar and leash for Joy. With the other end around Olivia's left thigh giving her pert ass cheeks a rub for good measure.
Joy's face clean of cream puff Olivia stood up straight awaiting more instructions every inch of her transformed into a human pleasure robot.
Olivia's jelly covered chest, thrust out with hands tied, glistening with her nipples impossibly pert as the AC chilled the slowly descending mushed jelly chunks.
The maid turned her around and removed the two remaining neck and hip buckles. With a -piff- sound Olivia's dress was gone. Her beautiful toned body beamed in the dance floor lighting her still vibrating panties covered in jelly. Her whole body burned with embarrassment and shock and an intense lust enveloping her being. She should have been angry but the heat of being objectified and on display was turning her on with mind bending ferocity.
A quick check of her smartwatch and the maid bent Olivia backwards over the cart almost on top of joy.
The maid lifted Joy off the cart and motioned for Olivia to slide underneath her. As Joy licked the jelly from Olivia's chest the maid slid Olivia further in toward the 69 position on the wheeled desert cart.
Joy's tutu hiding Olivia's head she felt safe in giving Joy a little kiss on the pussy.
A quick -Zip- sound and Joy's cigarette girl costume was away leaving the two topless women bound on display on the well-lit dance floor.
The two young women stripped bare lashed to the desert cart the floor show for a mysterious audience.
Olivia was starting to feel a little more with the drug haze changing to a sharp buzz but also completely overwhelmed and made it unable to think for herself.
Olivia squirmed on her back on the cart desperate for something to grind against or that Joy might kiss her on her vibrating panties.
Joan was at home with Olivia's kids missing her love when she got another sext. It was a picture of Olivia making a lust face and the text 'thinking about you.' From Olivia's phone.
Joan typed a reply on the new phone she had won today it in a draw she didn't recall entering. Her old iphone4 was well past it so she didn't spend any time thinking about it.
As she pushed send a new message notification popped up and she lost the typed email.
It was a video of Olivia talking into the camera. In slow motion and without sound. Joan figured it was a slow network connection or something. She was getting a more than little horny though.
She sat the kids down with a bowl of grapes and cheese cubes in front of the Frozen special edition dvd and sneaked into Olivia's room for a quick ride on her massage saddle.
Joan felt a little guilty about it but the draw of the massage saddle after Olivia's sexts was too great.
After Joan heard the beginning of the first musical number and the kids singing along she felt it was as safe as it was ever going to be and latched the privacy lock.
A few moments into the ride and a text tone gave her a jolt of excitement as well as a pang of guilt at not responding to Olivia's sexts.
Expecting to see a note from Olivia, Joan was surprised to see a url.
The web page opened with a voting chart. With -$100 vote now- buttons under each.
The picture took a while to load. Olivia topless and another woman tied to a cart with pink ribbons.
Joan's mind spun. She looked for a cancel button but was panicking too much to understand the page. A timer beeped as it ticked down under 30 seconds.
Joan scanned the screen frantically.
'winner. brown girl licks pale girls face clean.'
Another still loaded with voting options. This time Joan was ready and quickly read the options.
-Maid spanks pale girl-
-Maid spanks brown girl-
-Brown girl spanks maid-
-Pale girl eats jelly off brown girl-
-Maid eats jelly off brown girl-
Joan did not like any of those but voted for 'maid spanks pale girl'.
Joan mashed the vote button spending $1100 only to see
'Winner: Pale girl eats jelly off brown girl.'
The next round of voting came up next to a still of Olivia being licked.
-Upgrade to streaming?-
Appeared and Joan click on it. At first glance and in her panicked state the amount looked like $100.00 but was actually is said $10000 Joan would have paid it even if she had read correctly this was devastating and incomprehensible to her.
Sound came through from Olivia's mic and an elevated side view with an in picture pov shot came from the GoPro in the maid's cap.
-Maid covers pale girl in whip cream-
-Maid covers brown girl in whip cream-
-Brown girl goes down on maid-
-Pale girl eats out brown girl-
-Audience participation-
Joan voted for the Pale girl and whip cream ten times and then switched to madly clicking on audience participation thinking she might be able to rescue Olivia or at least be there to offer comfort if she could get in there somehow.
Joan swiped around the webpage and the 'players' Section opened.
There were about 15 profiles or so visible on the top two rows of nude pictures with captions. Olivia's picture was bordered in pink.
Joan clicked on it and was promoted to upgrade membership to continue. She thought about it but knew Olivia's credit card was linked to this tablet and she had already sent around $15000 tonight.
After some more frantic swiping Joan found the contact section and guessed the main office was the venue they were probably filming.
Joan was stuck on the vibrating saddle with no off switch. She lent back and left and right as far as possible. She discovered some very interesting sensations and that with her feet hooked in the deep v of the saddle was escape resistant.
Joan put all her weight on the tablet screen and rolled off forward. To her surprise the screen did not crack and the pants less roll into the mirrored wardrobe door was equally anticlimactic. She dashed outside to her van and then back inside for her pants and keys.
She snatched a pair of Olivia's smart panties off the kitchen table and threw her cargo shorts on over the top.
Then outside again and almost had the key in the ignition and remembered to go back inside for the kids. She tapped the address into the van GPS without a match.
The French maid guided Joy's head down into Olivia's crotch and pressed Joy's ass down toward Olivia's face and whispered: "moan loud"
Joy fake moaned and Olivia felt it for real.
Joy felt a spirited lady parts kiss from Olivia and the two began moaning and kissing without prompting.
The cute French maid tottered off stage leaving Joy and Olivia to enjoy their time on the desert cart.
A flurry of text tones and ghostly blue white flickering phone light shot around the audience.
Joy and Olivia's mouth were getting tired, Olivia's drug fueled buzz was dimming, now indistinguishable from raw animal passion.
Still the two topless and sweat glistening women on the desert cart were working well together into a steady rhythm toward a mutual climax.
Joan drove off in the general direction of Glebe.
It's just not that big and the venue would probably be in the industrial area which was only four blocks in total she recalled.
She set the GPS with a few different phonetic spellings and got a hit in Forrest lodge the neighbouring suburb. Not far but a very slow run in peak hour Sydney traffic.
The maid returned to the stage with a padded harness and k shaped rubber attachment.
Cold lube flowed down onto Olivia's face breaking the two women s rhythm. Joy moaned in protest but was way beyond words, lost in a submissive sex haze.
The maid slipped one point of the k into Joy's ass.
Olivia looked up through Joy's legs and watched with fascination as the purple rubber quadruple dong slid slowly inside Joy.
The second point did not align with Joy's pussy exactly so the maid needed both hands to bend the tough rubber tip into position. Both shafts slid a step in with another over application of clear lube. Running down her face and over her permanently smiling lips, Olivia tasted it. The strawberry scent did not match the bland flavour.
Once the two points of the k were far enough not to fall out in the maid wrapped the harness around Joy's thighs and smoothed down the Velcro straps.
Olivia was enjoying the show when the maid slid her out from under Joy and led her to the opposite end of the cart, back to back behind Joy.
End of Part five.
*****
The next part / end is almost finished - I had trouble splitting the two, I won't make you wait too long for the climax ;)