Yet again her husband was dragging her on one of his cross country rambles. They were supposed to be away for a relaxing get away from it all weekend, and he appeared to be taking this a bit literally. It felt as if they were in the middle of nowhere, and certainly a long way from the hotel. It therefore came as something of a surprise when they heard voices coming from down in the valley they were following.
They walked on a bit further, the voices getting louder, until they turned a corner and stopped dead in their tracks. Ahead of them a stunning woman was laid across a boulder having her photograph taken. This would have been unusual enough in and of itself, but the thing that really caused them to stop and stare was the fact that she was totally naked.
At the sound of them entering the clearing both the model and the photographer looked up. She smiled at them and made no effort to cover her nakedness.. Fiona could feel herself blushing as she took in the sight, and her husband Colin just stared open mouthed.
"Sorry if we've caused any offence" said the woman "We were sure we'd be undisturbed out here."
"Err, no, that's fine" said Fiona "We're just passing through" and she set off again along the trail they were following. Colin followed reluctantly, his power of speech apparently having deserted him. They walked on in silence until they were well away from the site of the photoshoot.
"Would you like to take my picture like that?" asked Fiona suddenly.
"What? Naked outdoors where anyone could see?"
"Yes."
"I don't know. I suppose so."
"Get your camera out then." And with that she started to undress.
Not sure that he could believe what he was seeing Colin obediently took out his camera. By this time Fiona was down to her underwear and leaning provocatively against a tree, with her arms raised above her head. Colin needed no further invitation and started snapping away. He continued shooting as she removed her bra, and slid her hand inside her panties, throwing her head back and closing her eyes at the same time. The movement of her hand told him that she was not just posing for a photo but was actually playing with herself.
Stopping only long enough to unzip his fly and get his cock out, he kept taking photos, holding the camera in one hand and stroking his shaft with the other. The whole situation had obviously got to Fiona, and it wasn't long before her orgasm flooded over her. Opening her eyes she saw Colin wanking furiously. Walking over to him, she knelt down and took his hard cock in her mouth. He kept taking pictures as she sucked him and squeezed his balls.
As his hips started to thrust more urgently she removed his cock from her mouth and wanked him slowly but firmly, picking up the pace as she sensed he was getting nearer to coming. As he spurted cum all over her face and tits he captured it all on camera, including a shot of Fiona smiling up at him as she scooped some cum off her nipple and licked her fingers clean.
"Wow" said Colin "That was unbelievable. Good job nobody came along!"
"Would you have stopped if they had?"
"Not if you hadn't."
As Fiona got dressed she still felt the thrill of what she had done, and felt very grateful that they had gone for their walk after all.
The next morning Colin announced that he wanted to do the walk again. Fiona knew very well that what he wanted was to stumble across that naked woman having her photo taken again. Reckoning that even if he saw her again nothing was going to happen, she suggested that he went on his own and she would stay and chill out with a good book. He readily agreed, and set off shortly after breakfast.
Fiona went back to her room and took a shower, enjoying the feeling as her hands wandered over her soapy body and her mind went back to the photo session with Colin the day before. Feeling very horny she dried herself in front of the hotel room window, having made sure that the curtains were fully opened. She didn't notice whether or not anybody saw her naked in the window, but even the idea that it was possible was a major turn on. Eventually she slipped on a small pair of cotton shorts and a tight fitting crop top, before wandering down to get a drink on the terrace.
She sat there enjoying the sun, reading her book and sipping tea, only to be interrupted by a woman's voice "Hi there, hope we didn't shock you too much yesterday?" It was the woman from yesterday.
"Oh, hi. No, it was no problem."
"Do you mind if I join you?"
Fiona said that she didn't and soon they were chatting away, and she was explaining that she thought her husband had gone walking again in the hope of seeing another photoshoot in progress.
"Did he enjoy it then?"
"We both did" confessed Fiona and went on to admit that they had had their own impromptu session themselves. She couldn't believe that she was opening up like this, but her new friend was very easy to talk to.
"We've got a function room booked here for an indoor shoot this morning. Fancy coming along to see how it's done? You might pick up a few tips you can pass onto your husband." she winked suggestively.
Fiona didn't need much persuasion and soon they were in a decent sized room decked out with opulent furniture, with all sorts of photographic equipment spread around the place. The photographer from yesterday was already in there, taking light readings and making small adjustments to reflective screens and the like. He smiled at them as they came in, and gestured Fiona towards a chair against one of the walls.
Once he was satisfied that all was as it should be he asked Jane, as Fiona now found out the model was called, to get ready to start. Jane moved over to one of the sofas and half sat half lay along it, her short skirt riding up to expose her long legs. As she moved to different poses she hitched the skirt up higher and higher, first showing her stocking tops and then her black lacy thong.
Next she started to undo her blouse, pausing as each button was undone to allow each stage to be photographed. Eventually she finished with the buttons and slowly removed the top, revealing a lacy bra that matched her thong and did almost nothing to hide her nipples from view. In spite of herself Fiona couldn't help admiring Jane's body, and the confident manner in which she showed it off.
Watching as her hands started to cup her breasts, and then slide inside the material of her bra to tease the nipples, Fiona realised with a start that she was becoming aroused. Jane now reached behind her back to unfasten her bra, and then slowly lowered the cups to reveal her small but firm breasts. Casting the bra aside she started to play with her breasts, pinching and squeezing the nipples until they were obviously hard and erect. With one hand continuing to fondle her breasts the other found its way inside her thong and from the movement visible through the material it was clear that she was stroking herself up and down between her pussy lips.
Fiona was now definitely turned on. She could feel the hardness of her nipples and the dampness between her legs. Meanwhile Jane was now stepping out of her panties, leaving her totally naked apart from her lace topped hold-ups. She was now laid on the sofa openly pleasuring herself for the benefit of the camera. Removing her fingers from inside her pussy she raised them to her mouth and provocatively licked them clean. Smiling over at Fiona she asked "What do think?"
"Wow" was all she could manage in reply
"Fancy having some pictures taken to show your hubby later?"
"Oh, I'd love to, but do you think it would be OK?"
"Of course it will be fine, and I'm sure he will enjoy looking at them. I'll even help you with the posing. Come on over here."
Fiona did as she was told and went and stood next to the sofa. Jane helped her to pose for pictures while still in her shorts and top. She was feeling a bit self conscious about her nipples which were clearly poking through the thin material, especially when she stretched out with her hands above her head.
"I think you're ready for some topless ones now" said Jane "Here, let me help." Before Fiona could say or do anything Jane was pulling her top off over her head. Standing there with her breasts exposed she was acutely aware of Jane's naked presence, only inches away from her. She was looking directly into her big brown eyes and could feel her hot breath on her lips. She almost felt a pang of disappointment as Jane moved away to allow the photographer to get some more pictures.
She was half expecting it when Jane suggested some fully nude shots, and practically took away all choice by starting to lower her shorts. This time Jane pressed her body against hers as the put her hands down the back of her shorts and eased them down, sliding her hands over her buttocks as she did so. As she slid them down Fiona's legs Jane crouched lower and lower until her head was level with her pussy. Looking up and smiling she planted a very quick and very gentle kiss there, then once again moved away to let the photographer do his work.
Under direction from Jane, Fiona moved her hand down between her legs but she couldn't bring herself to wantonly play with herself as Jane had done. "Here, let me help" said Jane taking Fiona's hand in hers and moving it back and forwards slowly over her pussy. It didn't take long before Fiona's fingers were acting independently of Jane's prompting and alternately teasing her clit and sliding in and out of her pussy.
"That's much better" grinned Jane as she bent down and kissed Fiona full on the lips. If she'd had forewarning Fiona would have shied away from this. As it was she responded in kind, enjoying the feel of a woman's soft moist lips on hers and the pressure of their tongues pressing against each other.
As their mouths pressed greedily together she felt Jane's fingers once again join hers between her legs, sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy as she rubbed at her swollen clit. It wasn't long before she was arching her back and bucking against Jane's fingers as her orgasm swelled up and burst forth. As she started to come back down to earth she took Jane's fingers into her mouth, sucking her own juices from them.
"Now you've really got some hot photos to show your husband!"
Fiona just nodded. She couldn't believe what had just happened, but she was sure that John would enjoy looking at the pictures almost as much as she had enjoyed posing for them.