Capt David McCulloch woke up to the sound of his alarm. It was 5:30AM on this Friday, and he had a busy day ahead, and it would also be a long day of travel.
As an Air Force logistics officer, this wasn't unusual. He'd been serving in Germany for the last 3 years, and the country was like a gift he'd been given with a big bow on it. He was actually stationed at Spandahlem, about 15 minutes from Luxembourg, but today was going to take him to the F체rstenfeldbruck German air base in Bavaria, and about 30 km west of Munich. The base was the location of the Air Force Officers school, but the base was slated to be closed.
David was going to be busy with the schools relocation. Having been through a number of base closures and relocations before, his expertise was one the German Air Force was grateful to have, and he knew quite a few of his Luftwaffe contemporaries there. His mission was to make this transition effective for the newly located school, was a nice international gesture of good will between the US and Germany, but he was also charged with mitigating the impact to those that were going to be affected, and there was a lot of apprehension about what the effects were going to be.
He knew there was going to be some socializing involved, and the inclusion of a trip to the local Gasthaus, with some fine Bavarian beer was usually in order. It was a trip he was looking forward to, but knew it was going to be a little taxing as well.
David's friend Carol Gersteiner was a longtime friend from college, and had been working as a civilian in the Personnel division of the Army at Heidelberg. He thought he might get a chance to stay over after his day was done and he was on the way home again, as he'd already hit a deer when driving at night, and although it was in the middle of August and still hot out, he didn't look forward to seeing the deer in the headlights on a backcountry German road in the middle of the night.
It had been months since he'd seen her, but it was always good food and she wasn't bad to look at either. He'd had urges for her back in college, but either one or the other of them seemed to have someone of interest at the time, and it had never gotten any further than good friends. She had a small apartment, and it was on the way, it was going to be a lot more leisurely if he stayed the Friday night and finished the drive Saturday morning. So David continued to make plans for his trip, and made the call to Carol to arrange for staying the night.
She reminded him that it was a one bedroom, but she'd be glad to give David a sheet and the couch. Could be worse, he thought. She sounded glad to be getting to see him, and he likewise looked forward to this part of his trip.
The drive to the meeting went by quickly, as David loved the autobahn, and had adapted well to driving at the autobahn speeds. Arriving well before time to start the days work, he was treated to breakfast and coffee, and lots of good friendly conversation. The group settled in to the dealings of how to continue operations while in the process of moving, and making decisions about what to move first and other such concerns.
The lunch visit was as he'd expected, to the local gasthaus, with a nice schnitzel and a fine Bavarian beer. This was heaven, and he wasn't sure what he'd done to deserve it, but he wasn't going to question his good fortune. The time went by fairly quickly, and by about 5:00PM, they were wrapping up. David declined the dinner invite this time, as he was anxious to get some of Carol's cooking, she'd promised him some venison and cranberries, and he figured it was going to be a good meal with good company, and at least a way of getting back at Bambi for having messed up his car.
David was tired for the trip to Heidelberg, but knew the drive here was shorter than all the way back to Spangdahlem, and he was going to have a nice dinner. Carol always had a bottle of J채germeister on hand, and at the end of the day, it would be good to settle back with a shot or two.
David parked on the parkplatz out in front as he arrived, and walked up to the door. Carol had been watching for him, and greeted him at the door with a big hug, and welcomed him in. She was still the 5'2" athletic girl he'd known in college, and the short shorts and sports bra look was still a good one for her.
He was still in his Class A dress uniform, standard for the formalities of his job, but he was ready to be a little more relaxed for dinner.
She was a military brat, and had a thing for a man in uniform, especially those formal dress uniforms. He'd brought along a pair of blue jeans and a golf shirt to change into. He'd also brought his running shorts for bedtime, which were about the best he could do on short notice, considering he usually slept in the buff and didn't have any pajamas.
He went into the bathroom to change, which was straight through the bedroom.
She'd already been getting their feast ready, and it would only be a few more minutes till it was ready. And she did have that J채germeister he'd been counting on, but before dinner was good too.
Carol had had a pretty easy week, an unusual occurrence for the personnel office during the summer, as they were normally busy with a lot of moves taking place during the summer when the weather was good, and families were more likely to be willing to move to new duty stations. David told her that was part of the work he was doing with the relocation too, and they compared notes for a few minutes on details of making moving and new jobs easier for their units. It was all fun conversation, because they both really enjoyed what they were doing, and shared this common interest.
The smell of the venison was really making David hungry now. Carol was standing by the stove, making final preparations of the venison steaks, as David stood behind her, admiring her work, and put his hands on her shoulders...
'That's smelling really good', he told her.
Carol was pretty good with the banter, and playfully replied, 'I knew you were coming, so I showered and put on a little perfume', and looked at him with the cute little smirk he'd seen her give when she was being smug.
David just lowered his head with a little smile, and looked at her with a grin... 'yeahhhh..!!', was all he could come up with.
She liked being able to do that to him, and she let out a little snortish giggle... 'Would you like a glass of Riesling, or something else to go with? The bottle's in the fridge, and the corkscrew's in that first drawer to your left', she commented. He grabbed a couple of green stem wine glasses, opened the bottle, and poured their glasses as she plated the venison and cranberries she'd promised. He hadn't had this in a while, and he was looking forward to sinking his teeth into this delightful special.
As they sat to eat, David took his first bite, and Carol watched his face light up with the look of good food being enjoyed by a hungry man with a plate of a favorite dish.
'This is delicious, you're a saint' he told her, taking one bite after another and making quick work of his meal.
'Glad you're enjoying it, it's fun to have a tasty meal and share it with a guy that enjoys it so much. Been a while since I've had this too, and you see I'm smiling a bit myself.'
The conversation was good, and David and Carol finished their dinner, followed by another shot of J채germeister. It was about 9:30, and Carol said she usually went for a run after work, so she said she was going to get dressed for a run, and she'd be back in about 30 minutes.
She slipped into the bedroom, and reappeared wearing a neon green pair of running shorts and a peach sports bra. 'Fuck, this girl is looking good' he thought to himself. David packed up his uniform and got his running shorts from the car for his 'nightwear' while Carol went out for her run. He had a few minutes to catch up on the days news, and fired up his IPad to see what was happening, but It seemed not much of interest was going on, which he felt was good, since it was usually something bad in the world that made the news.
Carol came back in, hot and sweaty, about 30 minutes later, and David had to pinch himself at how good she looked all hot and sweaty like that, even better than the way she looked going out, even though it was the same outfit. He had a thing for athletic women, and she fit the bill nicely.
They chatted for a few minutes, and agreed that they'd get some sleep tonight, and do a little sightseeing together in the morning before David headed back. Sounded like a plan.
So Carol went and got a sheet for David and got a pillow for him. The couch was OK, even though a nice spot in her bed wouldn't have been turned down at this point. Carol said goodnight, and went to get her shower before bed. Somehow, he liked the way she was without the shower just fine.
Carol went into the bedroom, and pulled the door behind her. Alone in the living room, David flipped off the light, got out of his blue jeans, skivies and golf shirt, and put on the running shorts, laid down on the couch, and drew up the sheet.
David noticed light coming from the bedroom, where Carol hadn't closed the door completely, leading to the light from the bedroom peeking out into the living room. It was hot into this evening, and the air conditioning worked OK, but having a bit of a breeze didn't hurt either. So he didn't really think too much about it that she'd leave the door cracked a little.
He heard her start the shower, and about the same time heard the air conditioning kick on. The light coming from the bedroom got brighter, and he noticed the door move open a little bit from the draft it generated. And he also noticed the bath, straight thorough her bedroom, also had the door wide open, giving him a clear view of Carol stripping off the sports bra and shorts, and stepping into the shower. He'd never seen her naked before, and he was purely fixed on her body now. Damn she was hotter than he even suspected, catching her marvelous C cup tits, and quarter sized pink perky nipples ... And he also caught the sight of her landing strip.
She was standing there in spectacular view while she waited for the water to run until it was warm enough to get under..!! David's cock was now throbbing with excitement. This was too good to be true. Did she know the door was open and giving him this wonderful show? Or was this totally just his good fortune?
Fuck if he even cared, he just knew his cock was getting harder by the moment, and he was going to watch this from beginning to end.
She stepped into the shower, and pulled the shower door, a clear glass door which did little to change his gaze. Wet Carol was now the object of everything in his thoughts, and he watched as she threw her head back washing her hair, then applying the body gel and washing her tits and body, then taking a washcloth and doing her legs, followed by a sexy wash job between her legs.
Finally the rinse, washing the soap out of her hair, and a full body spray, before she shut off the water and climbed out to dry off.
Carol took her towel and slowly, almost as if she knew this was driving David crazy, proceeded to wipe the water from her petite little body, starting with her neck, then down over her tits, arms, back, legs and oh so fine pussy, making sure to dry off the landing strip. He was transfixed by the grooming job she had perfected, and gazed at her like a man who had never seen a woman before in his life. He had already pulled the running shorts aside and pulled his cock free, squeezing and rubbing himself as he watched, all under his sheet.
She took a smaller towel, and dried her hair with it, finally wrapping her hair with it in a kind of a smallish turban. She turned out the bathroom light, and walked into the bedroom. No night clothes? The show continued as she pulled the covers back, but instead of reaching for the covers and turning out the light, as David expected his good fortune was about to come to a close, she instead bent over with her butt towards David's searching eyes, reaching into her night stand for something, and in that maneuver gave him a nice ass shot view, completely displaying that wonderful pussy between her legs in a wonderful bendover. She'd retrieved something that looked like maybe a lipstick... a short silverish tube.
It was only then that she laid down on the sheet covering the bed, but not to cover herself. She put her left leg out straight out, and curled her right leg up next to her flat on the bed, spreading her sweet pussy nice and wide, and then he figured out what she'd been reaching for.
He heard the slight sound of buzzing, and Carol's hands moved between her legs with the vibrator she'd taken out of the drawer, and he watched stunned as she placed the tip on her now clearly visible, and nicely swollen little pink clit. Her hand moved up and down through her slit, and he watched her head fall back as the towel she'd used to wrap her wet hair slipped free and fell to the sheets.
Seeing the pace quicken as she added movement from side to side, and using her right hand to separate and massage her pussy lips for better stimulation, he listened to her breathing pattern, as she was obviously enjoying herself completely.
David's cock was oozing with precum now, and he didn't want to cum... not yet anyway, but he was close enough he knew he could top off with only the slightest additional touch. But he held off. Not yet, he thought.
Slowly, Carol included an obvious insertion of her tool, with what could only have been the full scale on position of the vibrator in hand, the buzzing now getting louder, and her breathing, while very subdued, was hot as fuck, obvious, and giving the additional oral stimulation he really didn't need to finish the job.
Still, he avoided the explosion he felt in his balls, and his shaft and head were swollen to the point he knew they couldn't get any harder, nor last much longer.
The vocalizations suddenly changed from the other room, as the breaths became very deep followed by moans and grunts, sufficient evidence that while he was holding back his own orgasm, she was making no such effort and was rapidly approaching her point of rhythmic bliss.
Listening to her as she felt her orgasm overwhelm her was like nothing he could remember. He had never watched from the dark as a woman brought herself to orgasm before, and this he was a recording in his mind for instant and repeated recall in the future. David watched as she regathered herself, and then restarted.
Her changes were much quicker and more intense this time, as she got to the point of release in a matter of a few seconds. She was also squirming and writhing on the bed in the heat of this second passionate release, and her legs shook as the feeling overwhelmed her, watching her trying to avoid the invasion taking over her body while bringing it on full force.
Obviously now spent, Carol slowly massaged her pussy, more to soothe it than to restimulate it, he thought, but eventually she seemed to have returned to normal, as she pulled up the sheet, and turned out the light.
But David's cock was still oozing, still hard as a rock, and his hand on his cock was now occupied rubbing his index finger over his peehole and down through his bottom side crease, while his right hand fingers encircled the groove behind the head of his cock, and he was enjoying the feeling from running his fingers through that groove as his precum wetted the sheet. He was afraid he was going to leave a trail, but he was going to take the edge off, hoping he didn't cream the sheet entirely. He continued to hold, rub, squeeze and stroke his cock, while the replay of what he had just seen played over and over in his head.
He kicked down the sheet, as the room had already been hot before, and the performance he'd watched had raised his body temperature by a few additional degrees. Gradually, he dozed off, still holding his seeping cock, with those images in his head.
David heard some muffled sounds, and caught a slight glimpse of what he thought was early morning light starting to creep into the room, but only for an instant. He had been tired before last night, and his sleep had been filled with a constant erotic dreamy replay of last evening, so tuning out and keeping his eyes shut for now was all he really needed.
The couch wasn't quite big enough to allow him to sleep on his side comfortably, so he had spent the night sleeping on his back. The wet feeling of precum oozing down his cock which had been going on thru the night was still there, and his stiff cock was still pumped by the ongoing memories.
But he wasn't entirely dreaming. Carol was an early riser, and what had stirred him was the faint voice of Carol calling her friends Angela and Dawn, fellow coworkers and roommates from downstairs, as she was telling them to quickly but quietly come up to her apartment for something they'd thank her for profusely later.
They entered, careful to not make any extra noise from opening and closing the door or so much as saying hello.
Carol merely pointed at David, asleep lying on his back on the couch, cock straight up as perfectly as the base flagpole, precum glistening on his tip.
Angela was the first to see what Carol had woken to this morning, and nearly blew the whole thing with an only partially stifled choking laugh, hands over her mouth as she took in the sight completely, followed by a similar reaction as Dawn repeated the maneuver in kind as she too entered the room close enough to observe. Then stifled laughter all round and in turn pleasured gasps of pure female joy, taking hold of them as they each enjoyed the sight of David's morning hard-on.
Finally, Dawn managed to mutter 'Who IS he?' And Carol quickly and oh so quietly gave the details of how David had been a college friend, now in the Air Force and on a trip, and had come to land on Carol's couch, but she had no explanation for his present display. The three girls didn't really give a fuck HOW it had been their good fortune to catch this morning rise, they just knew they were going to enjoy the shit out of it. Carol had her IPhone, and snapped some pictures, in fact a LOT of pictures, as her friends watched in stunned amazement, only demanding she send them copies.
Angela instructed Carol to get close ups of the head of his cock, which she told the others was nice and big by her standards (at least from the men she'd been with) and she wasn't about to forget seeing that personal fetish again and again.
Carol had put on a pot of coffee, and the girls made some jokes about needing some cream with their coffee. They looked at each other as if to dare one another, as the three all knew what the common thought was... And the courage to actually do such a thing ran the risk of being caught.
A wink from Dawn, and that was all it took. Each brought themselves with their coffee cup over to the object of their erotic occasion, and without touching it, took a dip of David's glistening precum, took a long shiny thread of it from the drop on his stiff cock onto the tip of their coffee stirrer, to sweeten their morning drink.
'This is the hottest fucking thing I've EVER done,' said Carol, confessing her thrill. The stifling of their laughter was near impossible, but this was a moment they'd talk about and share together for the rest of their lives, and there was no turning back.
David wasn't awake yet, but he was slowly becoming aware of the morning and of other people being in his vicinity, as he slowly realized he was cold and under the breeze of the air conditioning, and unconsciously reached for and pulled up the sheet.
As he began to come back to life, he was feeling the effects of his hard cock and his precum that had also served to add a chill to his cock, and managed to be awake enough to replace his cock to his shorts. It only took a few more minutes before he was awake enough to recognize the additions to the group, and Carol dutifully made introductions.
It was all the girls could do to hold it together and not be suspected of their naughty accomplishments, but there were some things that just couldn't be resisted.
Angela was the first to speak up, announcing that Carol had explained that he'd had a fairly major day yesterday, and asked if he was ready to start the day with a cup of Carol's coffee, which she attested to for being excellent, and sweetened to perfection!!