For those that haven't read my last the little club my girlfriend opened had been a rousing success story in its' first week. Of course a lot of that was because of the specialty nights she'd planned. It was an interesting time to say the least even if I was just being drug along for the ride. Oh, sure, being along for the ride had its' perks. She was making ten times what I made and sharing it liberally. I was enjoying a new car, new clothes and generally a life I could not have lead without her. I was also having a lot of fun and interesting experiences as I embraced my new life as someone's personal plaything.
It was a couple of weeks after the opening and her birthday was fast approaching. I was having a hard time figuring out what to get the lady that had everything. Sitting here at dinner, breaking the stride of her business conversation, I piped up and asked her if she'd given any thought to her birthday or if there was anything special I could do for her.
"Well," said Suzi, "I've been thinking about asking you a question for a while."
"What's that?"
She hesitated, curling a lock of her curly blonde hair around her fingers as she grinned from ear to ear. "I was thinking that since you had so much fun opening night, I'd like to know if you'd consider being my naked houseboy permanently."
As much as I was shocked I can't say it really surprised me to hear her say it. I think the word permanent gave it a meaning that took me a little by surprise. I'd enjoyed letting go of any control in our relationship and giving into her perverted little whims had been fun but this was taking it to another level. Sitting there, thinking about her proposal, I asked her how it would work.
"It's pretty simple," she giggled. "When you're at home, you won't wear clothing at all, ever. When we go out there might be occasions you'll have to dress up or I might just keep you wearing just enough to be able to show me what I'm missing at home."
"What about when people come over?"
"Well, you'll have to let me know ahead of time if someone important is coming over. I'll make the decision what you wear," she told me. "Other than business related matters though, you're going to adopt a submissive and nude life if you say yes."
She let me consider her request during dinner. As we were dancing, I looked down into her big green eyes and realized that I was having more fun with this woman twice my age than I'd had in my entire life. Life with her was a constant rush of excitement and sexual stimulation that I didn't know existed. I'd already let her parade me around her closest friends and I'd spent thanksgiving in the nude as she introduced me to her family as her nude plaything. Sure, she enjoyed the power I gave her but she rewarded me well for it. I knew what I was going to say already, I think a little part of me had since the moment she explained to me what she was asking.
"Alright," I told her as the music stopped. "I'll do it."
After an incredible night together I curled up with her in my arms imagining what tomorrow would bring.
The next morning I awoke to the sound of music coming from the downstairs living room. It was Friday and I was beginning a long weekend away from work. I got up and shook off the groggy feeling in my head from all the drinking the night before. As I reached for where my robe normally hung I noticed it was gone and remembered what I'd agreed to the night before. Out of curiosity I looked in the closet and in my drawers. She'd been a busy girl already. None of my things were there. I guessed it was official, I was now her personal nude piece of eye candy. Looking in the mirror I realized that I didn't have anything to be shy about. I had managed to work out enough that I was trim and sporting a defined chest and six pack abs. In the back of my mind I guess as a woman in her fifties, having a piece like me was something she just wanted to show off.
After a trip to the restroom to relieve myself of the serious piece of morning wood I was sporting I decided to take a quick shower and head downstairs. As I entered the kitchen I was surprised to see a new housekeeper there preparing breakfast. Her name was Lyla. Lyla was an attractive black woman in her early thirties. She had cocoa brown skin, long dark hair, dark eyes that seemed to lock onto my nude state and a very tone pair of legs that were left well exposed by the short little maids dress she wore.
"Nice to meet you sir," she shook my hand as I entered the room, reaching for the coffee pot.
Pouring myself a cup of coffee I could smell the odor of Lyla's perfume around where she had been working. Between the scent of my ladies perfume and Lyla's I could feel the tingling in my cock as it began to grow in front of me. Both of the ladies in the room giggled like school girls as I stood there wrapping my head around the fact that this was my new morning routine. It wasn't something that I'd ever expected.
"So," Suzi piped up, "You can see Lyla, that we're very informal around home."
"I see that," the young maid replied, still staring at me from the corner of her eye.
"At my age, you'll have to understand, I like to have pretty things around me and when I do, I like to enjoy them to the fullest."
"Yes ma'am. And he is pretty," she replied, biting her lower lip as she looked me over.
"So, you won't mind working in this environment from time to time," she asked the young maid.
"Oh, no ma'am. I think it'll be quite fun, and certainly easy on the eyes," she replied staring more openly at me.
"Good," answered Suzi. "I'm glad to hear it. You know, you're a very pretty thing yourself. If you weren't working for me I'd probably try to get you out of your clothes during the day as well."
Suzi was staring at Lyla with a lustful gaze. I knew that look and what she was pondering was likely to have this girl running out of the house. As the two looked at each other I stood there silently, now the invisible third party in the room.
"I don't know if I take your meaning ma'am," Lyla told her, fishing around I thought.
"I mean, I would love to pay you to work here in the nude, if it wouldn't get me into trouble," Suzi smirked. As she sat there, she grabbed her purse and pulled out and thick wad of cash that she carried around. It was just like her to pull a stunt like this. In fact, it was how we first got started together. To my surprise though Lyla was game to take the extra money. She picked up her purse and walked over to the table. Sitting there, she counted out an extra thousand dollars as Suzi told he rit was just for the day. With that, the lovely young thing peeled the maids dress over her head to reveal and amazing tight body with full 36 inch tits, a 24 inch waist and 36 inch thighs. My cock jumped as she tucked her outfit into her bag and stood there in front of my girl in just her high heels and stockings.
"See baby," she smiled at me as she gave the young maid a lingering hug. "It's not just you." She walked over to me, kissed me on the cheek as she wrapped her hand around my stiffening cock. "You're just my favorite toy," she told me as she walked off.
Suzi lead me into the den and explained in more detail that she'd already put a small sign next to the doorbell warning people that a nudist lives here. She then told me that she was going to go into the club for a bit and work on some paperwork. From the look on her face I just waited for the other shoe to fall.
"Why don't you come down around noon for lunch?"
I asked her what I was supposed to wear.
"Well, I bought you a pair of nice winter boots and a long winter coat. There's also a hat and gloves for the weather. You can wear those," she told me. "Oh, and do me a favor and bring some lunch when you come. I'm expecting it to be a busy day."
I sat in the den most of the day as I worked on a manuscript. It wasn't the most productive day though as I hadn't gotten much work done and it was after eleven before I knew it. I looked up at my computer and noticed Lyla standing in the doorway.
"What's up?" I asked, trying not to be overly obvious as I stared at the gorgeous set of tits staring me in the face. She was just so sexy standing there, propped up against the door.
"Would you like some lunch sir?" she asked me, smiling as she stood there, obviously enjoying the new working arrangements.
"No, thank you," I told her. "I'm about to head out as a matter of fact." As I closed my computer and got up to leave Lyla stayed there in the doorframe, staring at my crotch as I moved around. She just would not step away from the doorway. It was awkward as I squeezed through the door, my cock brushing against her thigh. I nearly came from the silky feeling of her skin against my cock as I slid past her. "Excuse me," I told her.
"Oh, no sir, excuse me," she smiled, reaching her hands out towards me, kissing me on the mouth. I felt her tongue twirling against mine as her hands drifted to my cock. A moaning sound escaped my lips as I tried to bring myself back to reality.
"Miss Suzi asked me to work you up a little," she told me, teasingly as she turned her ass to me, looking invitingly over her shoulder. "Go ahead, you can touch me."
As tempting as it was to drive myself into her I grabbed a handful of her ass cheeks and walked off with a smile. Finding the boots and coat left for me I slipped them on and grabbed my keys as I ran out to my truck. I was going to have to revisit this situation when I had more time.
Twenty minutes later I was driving through the edge of town. Stopping at a local drive through it was almost too tempting to undo my coat and see if anyone would notice I was naked. The cute little thing at the window, Wendy, had brought my cock back to life and it hadn't stopped bouncing off the fury inside of the coat when I pulled out onto county 10 and finally reached the parking lot to the club.
Things were fairly quiet when I got there, except for some music from the speakers I couldn't hear anything downstairs. As I walked through I was greeted by Kevin as he prepared the floor for the opening at six. Going up into the office area I was greeted by the new assistant, Myra. As it turned out she was also going to be the assistant manager at the club. I shook hands with her and told her I was Suzi's boyfriend and I was here for lunch.
"So you're Jace," said Myra. "Then you're the one I should give this too." She stepped over to her desk and picked up a piece of folded paper.
As I took it from her hand and read it I could see it was Suzi's hand writing. It read, take off your coat and hang it on the rack. Once you've done that Myra will let me know you're here. I laughed. I should have known. Looking around I found the rack in the corner and after setting our lunch down began to unbutton my coat. A moment later I was slipping it off my shoulders, exposing myself to the strange woman I'd just met. Once I was done I turned around to face her beaming smile. "Bravo. She said this job would have perks." With that she pressed the intercom button.
"Your lunch date has arrived," she told Suzi when she answered.
After being told to send me in, Myra motioned for me to go ahead. As I carried lunch into the room I was surprised to find her sitting there in the nude. She looked up and told me to have a seat. Sitting in the chair across from her Suzi's breathing was labored and she was cooing and moaning like a woman about to erupt. As her moaning hit the high pitch telling me she was cumming she slumped into her chair. I could hear a shuffling from her feet. That was when Janel crawled out from beneath the desk and gave her a long kiss on the mouth. It was both shocking and terribly arousing as Janel held her nude body against Suzi's as the two embraced. Janel climbed to her feet and fixed her hair as she walked out of the office completely nude.
"Um," she said slowly, "I'm glad you came."
"You too," I laughed.
"So how was your day?" she asked.
We ate lunch as planned and she took a couple of calls through the hour. She told me how she'd already booked a couple of special events and word about Ladies Night had spread around enough she had parties planned off and on for two months. She said she'd have to get the permits for anymore specialty nights but the parties would book the entire club so permits wouldn't be an issue.
A little after one her intercom went off and Myra told her that her next meeting was waiting in the office. She smiled from ear to ear as she told Myra she'd be with him in a moment. "Looking over at me she came across the room and gave me a big kiss. "Stay around for this. You're my star attraction from Ladies Night. It might help me make the sale."
I sat there, nervously anticipating what was to come as she obviously wasn't going to let me leave. Then, as if my world wasn't upside down enough, she walked out of the office without putting anything on. In just her high heels she'd gone to meet a new client.
Moments later she came back into the office with a well dressed man with slightly graying hair. He was wearing a thousand dollar suit if it cost him a dollar and had a sophisticated sense about him. It was awkward to meet a strange man as I was naked but as Suzi was naked too I was at least not the only one.
"So, James," she hesitated, "I've gone over everything and I think we can deliver on your party needs. Jace here is one of our bartenders and as you can see he's an attraction all by himself."
"Yes," the man agreed eagerly, "Yes he is."
"So, I can do everything you wanted for two thousand. Your guests will be responsible for tips if they want. Nothing is expected but at most parties that's how it works. And if there's anything else you can think of, just let me know," she told him, leaning back in her chair and putting her feet on the desk, showcasing her well tanned legs all the way to her thighs.
"Well," James said, looking back and forth between the two of us. "I can think of one thing that certainly would sweeten the pot."
"Name it," she told him, smiling from ear to ear.
She did always love a challenge and apparently James was going to be a shrewd negotiator, or at least that was what I thought at the moment. It wasn't until he stood up and walked around behind her desk, undoing his zipper, that I knew what he was intimating. I nearly protested as he pulled out a nine inch softy that Suzi immediately wrapped her hand around. As she began to stroke his cock in her hand, aiming the massive purple head between her waiting lips, he leaned over the desk and signed the contract she had waiting for him. She began to masterfully stroke him as she worked her tongue around the head. I watched as she slid the head between her lips and six inches of his cock disappeared between her lips. As she skillfully took his monster down between her lips he reached down and played with her tits. Before long I could feel my aching hard on beginning to twitch again and flashed back to the sweet chocolate ass of Lylas'. Instead of fucking the maid I was sitting here watching my girl sucking this strangers cock and all I could do was sit and jerk myself off.
"I'd been so horny I could feel my orgasm building as I stroked away. At the same time I could hear James grunting as he enjoyed my girls mouth wrapped around his tool. Looking over at them, he forcibly began to fuck her face right in front of me then pulled away and stroked his cock aiming it at her. Suddenly, as he yelled I'm cumming, huge blasts of cum hit her in the face repeatedly as she was covered from her head down to her tits and onto her thighs in his goo. Winded and spent, James tucked himself away.
"It'll be a pleasure doing business with ya," he told her. "I'm sure the party will be in good hands."
As the door closed Suzi came around the desk and knelt between my legs. Looking up at me as she stroked my raging hard on, she kissed me full on the mouth. I felt her tongue twirling around mine as the taste of her tongue and her lovers cum filled my mouth.
"You are a good boy," she told me as I began to spew into her waiting hands. "I'm going to have so much fun with you, now that you're my naked plaything."
As she rubbed in all the cum that covered her, leaving her skin glistening, she told me she had a couple hours of work and that I could head home. Then she added, "Oh and I'm having a dinner tonight, so tell Lyla to get out my good dishware."
"Alright," I told her, wiping the remnants of goo from my cheek. "Can I ask who's coming to dinner?"
"It'll be a surprise," she smiled, "But trust me, it'll be more fun for me than it will for you."