It was one of those unusual early spring mornings. The air is crisp but you know it will warm up in no time. The sun is already rising as you walk into the kitchen, pulling your robe tight around you like a security blanket after just getting out of bed. The coffee has just finished brewing as you reach for a cup from the cupboard. Relaxed from a sound night's sleep, you pour the coffee thinking about what this Saturday morning will bring as you stare through the window into the backyard. "What a lovely day," you say to yourself as you decide to go sit outside and enjoy the brightening day.
Grabbing a beach blanket next to the door as you walk out into the backyard, the birds chirping with the excitement of a new day. You see the lounge chair at the far end of the yard already positioned from the last time you used it. Walking over, you set the coffee cup down on the little old table that you bought at a garage sale last fall. You lay out the blanket on the lounge to cushion against the webbing as you lay back and relax.
The lounge was positioned perfectly. The sun starting at your feet and slowly creeping up your legs, you feel relaxed and enjoy the peaceful sounds of the morning. The combination of the sun and coffee warming you up on the inside, you close your eyes and drift off into a light sleep. The sun feels so good on your legs that you open your robe so the warmth will envelope your whole body. Your not concerned about privacy as you've had the fences heightened and holes covered a couple of years ago.
Laying out nude has now become your favorite ritual on the summer weekends ever since the last man you dated took you to the nudist resort. At first it was uncomfortable, but seeing how everyone was carefree and accepting, you relaxed.
The air mixed with the heat of the sun, was a new combination of sensations that your body has never experienced. By the end of the day, you came to enjoy the feeling of no clothing restrictions.
On the lounge, being in this relaxed state of feeling the morning sun wash over your body and thinking of the sensual feelings, your mind drifts. It's been at least a couple of weeks since your body has felt pleasure. That yearning coupled with the sun gives you goosebumps. You can feel your nipples harden. Instinctively, your hand caresses your breast, sliding up you find the stiff rubbery point. Your fingers lightly pinch it which sends a shiver through your body as you open your mouth and take in a deep breath. With one occupied, you mustn't forget the other. With your mind racing, your other hand finds its purpose. Now with both nipples getting the attention, you let out a low moan as your body starts to move. Your hands squeeze your breasts, flooding your body with desire. You bring your fingers up and lick them only to find their way back to give your nipples a little pinch and twist making you moan again.
By now your nipples aren't the only thing needing attention. One hand slowly strokes your body on it's way down to your pelvis, instinctively opening your legs just enough to allow your fingers to slide between your lips. Again, a little moan escapes your mouth as your fingers find wetness. With one hand working over your rock hard nipple and the other working the sweetness up to your clit, your mind is in another world. Your body unconsciously moving to the pleasure long awaited. Your eyes closed tight, your breathing increases as your body is craving more and more.
You hear a faint noise. A noise that doesn't fit with your thoughts or the background of the morning ambiance. As it takes a moment for your mind to process it through the fog of pleasure, you slightly open your eyes. All of a sudden, startled, you see a figure standing in the distance looking at you. Instant reaction, you let out a little scream and grab for your robe to cover your exposure. As the fog in your mind clears you recognize that standing in the distance as if a statue, was the gardener. "Oh shit!" you think to yourself totally forgetting that he comes on Saturday mornings. Starting to feel embarrassed, you give him that awkward smile as if to say, "sorry." He's still just standing there not moving, not saying a word. Then you notice something, the large bulge in the front of his pants. Instinctively, you smile at the recognition. At first your thoughts are of covering up and going inside as if nothing happened. But something, something you couldn't really explain took over. Whether it was lust from not having a mans' attention for sometime, the pleasure of having the sun's warmth on your body, the excitement of getting caught, or maybe all of the above, your awkward smile transforms into a devilish smile as you remember how sexy the gardener was and how you've caught yourself watching him from the window some time back.
With the gardener still standing there transfixed on you, you slowly open up your robe again revealing your body. With a slight finger gesture, you motion for him to come to you. Surprisingly, he starts walking toward you not saying a word but with a look of unsure apprehension. As he gets to about 8 feet from you, you hold up your hand for him to stop. As he complies, there is no doubt as to his excitement. The bulge in his pants is unmistakable. With one of your hands again returning to the still hard nipple, you again gesture with the other as your finger rises to your mouth as to be silent. He nods slightly in understanding.
As he stands there with his hands by his sides just watching as if in a trance, you begin again to pleasure your body but with a different purpose. Both of your hands now cup your breasts and squeeze, teasing and showing him. You stare into his eyes, you can see slight excitement and confusion of what he sees. That affirmation excites you even more. Not only are your nipples as hard as diamonds, you can feel your pussy leaking like a broken faucet. Pinching and pulling on your nipples elicit soft moans. Your arms feel slightly restricted as you noticed that they're are still in your robe. Wanting to be free, you take your hands away from your breast play as you remove your arms from the robe. Now laying there completely exposed, you feel a sense of power and control.
You look at him, running your fingers through your hair showing him your body. You want a little more, so you indicate for him to remove his shirt which he does. You smile as you see his fit upper body and his farmers tan from working all day in the sun. You can also see that the crotch of his pants is so tight that the faint outline of his manhood is visible.
Since he walked up he's been standing to the side of you. Although he can see your exposed body, you know he can't see your treasure. Wanting to really turn things up you motion for him to move around down to your feet but still keep that distance. Rubbing your hands over your body and up and down your legs, you open your legs to show him your heaven. His mouth opens and involuntarily licks his lips. You can see him take a deep breath as your fingers spread your pussy lips open as your juices glisten in the light.
With the cool air reaching your hot, wet love box, it sends shivers throughout your body as you let out a sigh. You use a finger and pull some of the wetness up to your now hard clit. Slowly working the moisture around, your legs open even more. You notice him now unconsciously slowly rubbing the bulge outside of his pants. Not wanting to be too cruel, you take a moment using a finger to indicate for him to unfasten and drop his pants.
He does so with unencumbered haste. After unfastening his belt and unzipping his fly, using both hands and in one motion, dropped his pants to his ankles. You release an audible gasp as he released his hard cock bouncing like a stiff spring. It looks so delicious, now you're caught licking your lips. You're fixated on it's big bulbous head now leaking it's own excitement slowly dripping down. Thinking to yourself, "oh how I want to taste it." Your fingers now working faster on your clit as you see his hand grasp his thick manhood. You're so turned on, probably more so than in the last year, seeing a sexy fit man, naked in front of you, stroking himself to your sexy body being displayed. With this thought, you bring your legs up and wide to give him the view he craves. As he watches you, his hand increasingly strokes his member. His big balls swinging as he works his own pleasure. More and more pre-cum is now oozing out, self lubricating the head.
You close your eyes in bliss as both of your hands are bringing your body to that pleasure explosion. One hand rubbing with increasing pressure on your clit sending electric pleasure waves rolling inside. The other hand filling the void that is yearning for what you see. Three fingers deep in your soaking wet pussy, thrusting in and out feeding that need. Your moaning is now uncontrollable, almost on the verge of bringing out the neighbors, if their windows were open.
With the pressure building, you open your eyes and see him vigorously stroking. You know he's close by his facial expressions and breathing. You now decide to make him cum. Driving two fingers deep inside, you know the exact location to send you over and make your world explode. With your clit so sensitive and now with the slopping sounds of your fingers in and out finding the spot making your body convulse as your cry out. Your legs shaking in the air as you begin cumming.
He starts grunting as his cock is so swollen and red. His other hand reaches down and grabs his balls as they are now high and tight. Then thick white cum shoots out reaching almost halfway to you. Stream after stream erupts as his cock spasms. Your mind blacks out as you see stars and your pussy clamps down on your fingers. Your body tenses like never before, as you try to catch your breath. Wave after wave overcomes you.
After what seems like an eternity, you start to regain your breath and awareness. Laying there exhausted, your body still producing small aftershocks. Opening your eyes, you see him still with a death grip on his cock. Cum still slowly leaking out over his fingers, dripping down. His other hand still massaging his balls which seem to be hanging lower, spent. He's also still trying to catch his breath while milking out the last of his cum.
As your breathing starts to return to normal, you attempt to remove your fingers from your pussy only to realize that the contractions and your cum have created a suction. With a sloppy pop, your fingers are released. With your fingers covered in your juices, you look at him and wipe each of your nipples with the wetness keeping them hard.
After such a huge orgasm, your unsure if you can move but you need to finish this in the right way. With him still standing, although visually seeing his legs shaking from his orgasm, he looks at you with the look he started with, a combination of excitement and confusion. Not saying a word, you purposefully stand and pull on your robe. You give him a little wink as you pass by him, leaving him as he released his now deflating cock and his pants around his ankles, literally.