I can be as sneaky as the next bitch, but only when necessary. Juggling secrets is exhausting work. Sooner or later even the best webs becomes too tangled to manage. I'd reached a point in my life where I wanted to share all my naughty secrets with someone I could trust. I was rapidly approaching 50 and wanted validation for all the unladylike choices I'd made so far.
So I called that one person who would listen and give me an honest appraisal... my Dad. He had always been a doting parent and tirelessly defended me in front of my Mother, who saw through all my bullshit and judged me harshly. They were polar opposites, Dad seeing only his Ginger angel and Mom seeing a conniving oversexed slut.
Dad sat at one end of the couch, while I sat at the other. He loved seeing me all girly, so I wore his favorite mint sundress. He always complimented me on my appearance and his choice to still see me as a leggy eighteen year old cutie, made me smile, despite the additional 40 pounds, dimpled flesh and tummy rolls. Neither of us had time commitments to honor and we relaxed with our vodka lemonades. We finished with the small talk and I dove straight into the deep end of the pool. I told him that nothing was off limits and I wanted him to be brutally honest.
"You always wanted me to call you 'Daddy', but I just couldn't. I want you to know why."
"Wow, we haven't talked about stuff like this in a long time, Punkin."
"I know, but I think I'm ready to talk about it again, if you're ok with it?"
"Anything for my baby girl."
"You always chose to be a good father all those times I showed myself off for you. When I wore dresses without panties, or my towel 'slipped' as I walked back to my bedroom. Or I'd lay out by the pool topless. C'mon, Dad... I know you noticed."
"Of course I noticed, how could I not? When you turned 18, my world changed."
"Did you think I was sexy?"
"Yes."
"Did you want me?"
"Very much."
"How much?"
"Enough that I thought about throwing my marriage away just to be with you."
"Mmmm, that makes me feel good. You did your best to ignore me and it kind of hurt. I felt totally rejected. Wasn't I cute enough or desirable enough for you? So I
offered myself to other men, older guys. And I called all of them 'Daddy', wanting them to be you. Does that make sense?"
"I suppose so. There was no way I could join your fantasy, honey. It would have destroyed the family. If I'd sat down and tried explaining how I felt, I'd have looked into your amazing blue eyes and given in. I would have done anything you asked for just one real kiss."
"Oh fuck!"
"Exactly. Remember that I only kissed you on the forehead after that? I was living with this delicious creature day in and day out. Teasing and flirting with me constantly. Good God, you were killing me!"
"You didn't mind that I whored around?"
"Of course not. There was no way I could make you happy, so whatever or whoever you needed was ok with me. How could I be jealous? You offered all those curves to me first and I was totally flattered."
"Aawww, thank you... Daddy!" His face brightened and he smiled at hearing me call him that. I saw his eyes mist up just a bit and a slight bulge began forming in his shorts.
"I always loved that you never shaved down there."
"Down there? You mean my pussy? I think we can dispense with social niceties, now. I'd rub my cunny with baby oil so she'd look all wet for you. Did you like that?"
"Jeezuz, yes! My heart would skip two beats when your dress would ride up enough for me to see your hairy pussy and those amazing ass cheeks!"
"I had to show all that off, because my titties were so little. Mom's were so big and I
wanted mine to be just as fat. I felt bad that I wasn't more curvy for you."
My dress neckline included a fairly daring slit held together by a cute bow, which I loosened and allowed to drape open, showing off my middle aged cleavage. Just like my Mother, my tits got nice and fat during pregnancy and pretty much stayed that way.
"Oh, Punkin! I'd have worshiped your tender little milk bags. Gawd, your nipples looked like tiny ripe raspberries. When you'd walk from the bathroom to your bedroom and drop your towel! The way your little tits jiggled, drove me wild. And you always had that world class pornstar ass! You were a wet dream come true."
"Daddy... did you ever masturbate thinking about me?"
"Oh hell yes! And you take this to your grave... I fantasized it was you whenever I fucked your mother. I actually got her to wear one of your dresses one night and I fucked her within an inch of her life! She even called me Daddy! It was really dirty, but she never did it again. I think she realized that I was in love with you."
"You were in love with me! FUCK!"
"Of course I was. We all were. All my friends thought you were the hottest thing! I'd be on my fishing trips and the guys would tell me what they'd do to you if they got the chance. I forgave them, it wasn't their fault. Did you ever... you know?"
"Fuck your friends? I fucked all of them... they were sworn to secrecy! Glad they never told you. I even let them gangbang me when you all turned 50!"
"OMFG! You were such a slut!"
"Daddy, I still am a slut!"
"Even after you married Scott?"
"Of course. Scott is a pretty Momma's boy and only ever made me cum once. He prefers watching me with other men. He REALLY enjoys watching. He's romantic and sweet and not a very good lover. So we have an open marriage, more or less. I hope that doesn't upset you?"
"Wow! It only makes you hotter, if that's even possible?"
"You always know how to say things that make me feel good about myself, Daddy!
So it turns you on knowing that your daughter is a cumslut whore?"
"Totally!"
By now I had my back against the arm of the couch and my long legs tucked up under myself. My pussy was dripping for him. I loved him more than ever and trusted him with ALL my secrets. The vodka had loosened the mood and lit our fuses.
"Daddy... Mommy and I fooled around a few times."
"You and Mom? Would it be too pervy if I wanted to hear about it?"
"Not at all. She knew you had a thing for me, and she asked me to tone it down. It was a bit of a victory for me. My rival for your love admitting that I could probably steal you away! We spent a night like this, sharing and comparing. We hugged and I nuzzled into her... and those big old titties were right there. The next thing you know, she's cradling my head and breastfeeding me! You get to play with those enormous juicy melons anytime you want! I suckled on her and suddenly my head is being guided between her thighs and I'm inhaling my Mother's musky twat. I remember her clit being the size of the tip of my ring finger. She said some of the sexiest, raunchy things! Is she like that with you, too?"
"Your mother is a total slut in the bedroom! The shit she says is crazy. When we were dancing at your wedding, she was whispering in my ear how Scott was going to fuck your cunt red and raw in Jamaica. She had her hand around my boner and led me to a janitor's closet and she sucked my cock before you two cut the wedding cake!"
"DADDEEE! That's so naughty! I fucking love it!"
The mood had certainly shifted. My confessional had turned us both on and I needed my Daddy, right here, right now and deep inside me. I unfolded my legs and rested them on his lap, wriggling my toes into his crotch. He's always loved my feet, telling me how cute they were. He preferred them with a nice clearcoat finish. I let him paint my toes once and it was the sexiest non-sexual moment I've ever had with a man. I was wearing baggy shorts and let him peek up to enjoy my hairy pussy winking back at him. When he gently blew on my toes to help the polish dry, my toes involuntarily spread for him, those little sluts!
I slipped my hands up under my hem and lifted my bottom just enough to slip the
panties down my legs. When they reached my ankles, I gripped them with my toes and raised them to his face. Draping the lace across his nose so he could enjoy my vaginal bouquet.
"Go ahead, sniff them... just like the one's you used to take from my hamper. I knew you were taking them! I saw you one time walking around with a pair in your mouth as you sucked on my moist crotch panel. OMG that was so dirty! I'd purposely leave menstrual pairs for you... did you like them Daddy?"
"Fuck yes, I did! Knowing that those sheer panties had been hugging your beautiful ass and been tucked up inside your wet cunny? I'd jerk off with them wrapped around my meat, Punkin girl! You smell more mature and musky now! I hope I don't disappoint you, baby girl."
"The little blue pill you swallowed an hour ago ground up in your drink should take care of that."
He bit the panties and gently tugged them from my toes.
"Then take off your dress for me and show me that gorgeous body."
I lifted it over my head and lay there, naked, ripe and ready for him. I spread my silky thighs and gave him an obscene view of his daughter's hungry whore cunt. Just as hairy and dripping wet as he remembered. He shed his clothes and I was pleasantly surprised at the robust state of his phallus. He'd always been an athletic man, with a rock solid body. The years had diminished his lean physique, but he still maintained the powerful frame. My Daddy's cock was thick and uncut, and mesmerizing. Marbled with blue veins, his sheath stretched over the swollen knob.
I knelt next to him and got the best kiss that ever was. We started gently and quickly began devouring one another like horny drunken sailors on leave. A welcome shudder pulsed through me as my Daddy felt me up, squeezing and kneading my titty meat. Pinching and tugging my fat nipples, driving me quite insane.
"Make it nice and dirty for me Daddy... call me names... make me beg for it. Treat me like a cheap whore... please?"
I gripped my father's cock for the first time and it felt wonderful. Velvet soft skin stretched over his raging firm shaft. I stroked him appreciatively after having waited some decades to enjoy this erection.
"Feed it to me Daddy? Please... wash my face with your cock and balls?"
I dropped to my knees as he held my head and wiped his precum trail across my mouth. Plying it against me lips, parting them with his boner.
"Go on, suck it, you fucking whore! You're just like your fucking mother. Always on your knees, waiting to get your mouth filled with a strange cock!"
My pussy drooled at the sound of his words. I peeled his foreskin back to find a gorgeous, fat, blue cockhead. My tongue tickled his peehole as I cupped my Daddy's fat semen loaded balls. He pushed his boner to the back of my throat and I happily gagged for him. He continued, making my eyes tear up and melting my makeup. Mascara and eyeliner streaked my face as I choked on his urgent fullness.
"Do you love it, bitch?"
"Y-yesss, Daddy! Your baby girl loves sucking her Daddy's fat cock!"
He pushed me onto my back and gripped his manhood, basting my hairy wet slit with his knob.
"Yes Daddy, YES! Fuck me so good! Fuck your little girl's pussy! Fuck me bareback as hard as you want! Give me what I need. Leave a baby inside me... gawd YES!""
He reached down and grabbed two big handfuls of titty meat, then thrust his swollen member into my hungry cunt. It was nothing more than a waiting hole for his incestuous needs. I lay there splayed wide open, wishing he had two cocks to fill me with. As he worked me, I twined my dimpled, sexy legs around his waist and enjoyed the debauchery.
"You want me to scramble your guts through that fat, wet fuckhole? Of course you do, you fuckin' whore!"
He was really pounding my pelvis into the couch cushions. I surrendered to his perverted thrusts, aching for him to be balls deep inside me. I was feverish and almost incoherent!
"This is what you've been waiting for, isn't it, you nympho slut? Milk my cock you pathetic fucktoy!"
I began grunting and making guttural animal noises, like the breeding sow I was.
"Slap my titties, Daddy! Make them flop about for me. Breed me like a farm animal in heat!"
He made my wish come true and the familiar surge of painful excitement helped unleash my looming orgasm. My fat tits flopped about, crimson hand prints covering my melted vanilla ice cream flesh. I wasn't in heaven, but I was pretty fucking close! A string of little o's coursed through my pelvis. The anticipation was sublime. And then he gripped my areolas hard, as if trying to pull my breasts off. The unexpected thrill and pain keyed my huge climax! My anus and vagina both spasmed involuntarily as I squirted ejaculate over the both of us.
"JEEZUZ FUCK DADDY! YES,YES,YES YOU FUCKING PERVERT! FUCK MY FILTHY CUNT!!! OOHHH GOD YES!!!"
I was sobbing and ecstatic and my legs were twitching and shaking something awful. The waves of pleasure were almost too intense and I don't really remember them subsiding. I had been reduced to a sweaty, cum soaked limp rag with a cute snot bubble emerging from one nostril. We lay entangled for some time.
Finally I felt his erection shrink and slip out of my spent pussy. I dipped fingers into the abused hole and tasted my father's briny cream. It was the most foul, delicious mess I've ever tasted. I smiled as best I could and whispered in his ear... "I love you, Daddy."
"Thank you, baby girl... Daddy loves you too."