I get my trunks, and put them back on as I hear Andrea ask Darrell if that was good for him. He laughs as he grabs the blindfold and begins to put it on. We all get back in the pool with everyone quietly moving around the pool so as to make it more difficult for Darrell.
Before Darrell moves, he quickly reaches below the surface of the water with both hands and then brings out of the water his swim suit and throws it towards the edge of the pool.
"Marco!" he then yells out.
We all yell "POLO!" back except Andrea who wasn't paying attention. By the time she yells it, it was her alone. Darrell turns towards her where she is sitting in the corner of the shallow end of the pool and he begins to reach out with his hands while walking towards her. I'm a good bit behind Darrell and having a little distance, I splash the water behind him in an attempt to get his attention and possibly get him to chase me. Darrell doesn't stop and continues towards Andrea who has now squatted down in the corner with her head just above the surface.
As Darrell walks towards her, the water becomes more and more shallow in which I then see that as Darrell walks towards her, his penis eventually becomes visible. He continues to walk towards her with more and more of his huge flaccid penis coming out of the water eventually exposing it in its entirety along with his huge black scrotum nestled behind.
Andrea doesn't move as he approaches her as she tries to hide in the corner. Darrell stops directly in front of her with his body facing her. I can see that Andrea's eyes are locked on his penis as it hangs mere inches in front of her. Her chin still at water level and Darrell towering above her with his huge snake hanging limp with the tip just touching the surface.
As she stares at his manhood, I see her lick her lips which causes the other two girls to giggle. Darrell reaches out swinging his arms around just going over her head. He eventually turns towards the giggling girls and walks away.
Andrea remained where she was not moving. I look at her in which she had a look I've never seen. She looked like she was almost in a state of shock. She stayed there not moving, so I started to walk to her. As I got closer, I watched as she closed her eyes and her curl her bottom lip in over her teeth.
About this time, I hear commotion as the girls are giggling again and Darrell is able to catch Diane. I'm sure he found them by just going to where he could hear them giggling. A few moments later, Andrea stands up with a huge smile, the same look she has so many times after leaving the bathroom after we have had sex.
I see Andrea move to where Kristi was standing as they whisper back and forth occasionally giggling as they spoke. Diane moves to the center of the pool in which Darrell throws her the blindfold to her. Darrell finds his swim suit floating on top of the water and grabs it, but then throws it outside the pool.
"Everyone has seen me now, so why put them back on?" he says.
I see Diane taking her top off revealing her perfectly formed brown c-cup breasts that are topped off with small dark nipples. And then she reaches down removing her bottoms that is below the surface of the water.
"I'm sure I'll be losing these anyway." she says as I see her remove her bikini bottoms and throw them out of the pool.
Diane then places the blindfold over her eyes and begins to spin around. While she does this, everyone again moves about the pool.
As she stops, Diane yells out "Marco!"
We all yell out in unison "Polo!"
I've now moved to the shallow end and hunched down in the same corner. Diane is still in the middle with her arms outstretched in an attempt to touch anyone that might be near. Kristi is standing behind her in which I see her go under the water. While under the water, I see Diane suddenly jump and turn quickly reaching down into the water.
"That was my asshole!" Diane blurts out.
By this time, Kristi had swam away putting a little distance between her and Diane.
"It's a tight little asshole too." Kristi comments and giggles while moving around.
Diane smiles as she continues to walk around flailing her arms around trying to touch someone. She starts to walk towards me and as she does so, I find myself staring at her dark breast as they lightly jiggle with each step. Her dark nipples are erect and sticking out like tiny bullets.
She continues walking as I see the water level drop lower and lower on her abdomen revealing the top of her pubic mound. My penis has now become fully erect as I watch her. She, like Andrea is also shaved as her vagina comes into view. She's so close that I now can see that her vagina crease is more open than Andreas with her clitoris at the top and her lower lips are more open. I hold my breath as I watch her get closer and closer as her vagina is now just a few inches away from my face.
She stops moving right in front of me allowing me to see little goose bumps on each side of her crease. She then turns away from me giving me a view of her tight brown globes of her butt. She leans forward bending at the waist reaching out into the water. Doing so, her cheeks separate revealing her tight anus, and below that, her vagina lips open showing me her deeper insides. I quietly follow her as she moves to the middle of the pool.
She then moves to the side a couple of steps in which I then see Darrell in the opposite corner of the pool. Directly next to him, I see Andrea who is now snuggled beside him with her head lying on his shoulder. He has his left arm down in the water looking like it is going down the front of her and she looks like her right arm is going down the front of him as well. I watch them whispering to each other with Andrea giggling as they speak.
Andrea sees me, looks directly at me and smiles. She then looks away as her face and front of her upper chest starts to become flush. I see her bite her lower lip as I can see that her arm is moving in front of Darrell.
I suddenly notice that Diane has returned and is now directly in front of me. I jump back trying to evade her tagging me. I push backwards falling back into the water on my back as Diane reaches out catching the front of my suit. She hangs on to the waistband pulling my suit down to my knees exposing my now fully erect four inch penis.
"Tag!" Diane yells while pulling off her blindfold.
Everyone stops what they were doing and begin to laugh as I stand up with my suit down around my knees, and my little erection standing out like a sore thumb. I quickly pull up my suit and see Darrell and Andrea getting out of the pool.
"Time for some more shots." Darrell announces.
I catch up to Andrea and pull her off to the side by ourselves. I can tell that she's very intoxicated and is having difficulty standing.
"I think we better go home."
"Noway sweetheart. Things are just now getting to be fun baby."
I whisper to her "What are you doing?"
She then looks at me with a straight face saying "I want to fuck sweetheart!"
I smile "Then let's go home and we can."
"NO! I want Darrell to fuck me." She says loud enough for everyone to hear.
Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at us watching to see what happens next.
Andrea then looked deep into my eyes "I love you baby. But, I need to have that huge cock in me. Please sweetheart, let me do this?"
I suddenly felt sick to my stomach. I want to say no, yet I had promised that I would give her permission if she asked, and she truly looks as though this is what she wants.
I look at the ground in front of her as I say "Okay."
I look towards Kristi who is now smiling as she turns and walks away toward the drink table. I then see Todd and Diane grabbing their belongings.
"Didn't realize how late it's gotten. Sorry that we have to run." Todd advises as they both walk out the gate leaving the four of us.
Once the gate shuts, Kristi hands everyone a jello shot "I think we all need this."
Andrea runs up to Darrell and whispers in his ear in which he smiles. He then approaches me and asks "Are you sure about this?"
"If this is what Andrea wants, then yes."
Andrea is bouncing like a child "Yes yes yes!"
Darrell then looks at me square in the eye and says "This is YOUR wife. The love of your life. If you do this, she will most likely never want to have sex with you again as she will always want something that you can't give her. If you want to do this, then you take her clothes off for me now."
I stood there looking at Darrell and Kristi as they both looked at me with a serious look on both of their faces. I then looked into the face of Andrea in which she smiled, then mouthed to me "please".
Andrea is standing in front of Darrell as I walk behind her. I reach up to the back of her suit and unfasten the simple catch of her bikini top allowing it to fall to the ground in front of her. Her little breasts are now in the open covered in goosebumps and her tiny nipples are very erect with excitement.
I then reach down to the sides of her bottoms and grab the material at her waist. I kneel down admiring her tiny butt as I slide her bottoms down with the string of the thong pulling out from between her cheeks leaving her completely nude.
I step back and look at her as she looks so small now standing in front of Darrell. She looks straight ahead staring at Darrell's muscled chest.
"Now kneel down in front of her." Darrell demands.
I get up and walk between the two of them facing her, I then kneel. My face is now level with her pubic area looking at the white skin of her vagina. I also notice how at the top of her crease, I see a little nub sticking out, and lower in her crease, I see juices already running down the insides of her legs.
"Lick her pussy!" I hear.
I push my nose into her the little nub and push my tongue into her vagina landing on her crease. I lick from the bottom of it up to the top, tasting her juices. When my tongue touches the nub, Andrea lets out a moan, then saying "Oh shit!" I keep doing this which causes her to moan even louder.
"Stop!" I hear from Darrell. "Follow me"
We follow him and Kristi into the house and walk into the kitchen.
"Put her up on the table on her back." He instructs.
I help Andrea up onto the table. Once there, He tells me to slide her to where her ass is at the edge. I do as told leaving her with her legs hanging over the edge which leaves her with her vagina being pushed upwards.
"Kristi, get up by her head pull her knees up to her chest."
Kristi does this which exposes Andrea's anus and her vagina opens a little where you can see inside.
Darrell then grabs a tub of Vaseline that was sitting nearby and hands it to.
"Lube me up good, pool boy. She's going to need it." he says as he steps back and I can now see his huge erect penis. It's now the width of a soda can and at least 12 inches long and standing out from his body like a log.
Once I have him lubed up. he tells me to do the same to Andrea's vagina. I step in front of her vagina and grabs a glob of lube and begin to push it in the crease of her vagina. I'm able to get two fingers in pushing while pushing it in, but realize how tight she is and wonder if it will even be possible for Darrell to get his huge penis inside her. Once I'm finished, I step back and Darrell steps up and places the end of his penis at her little hole.
"Line up my cock with her pussy" he says as I stand beside him.
I hold the end of his penis near the tip as he moves it forward. Once it touches the hole, he pushes, in which the tip begins to slide in, but stops quickly with the skin around her opening not seeming to be able to stretch to accommodate the head of his giant penis.
"More lube!" he says.
I reach over and with two fingers and spread a large amount of lube around his penis and on it's head just outside her opening as he pulls back. He then pushes forward as I hold it aimed straight into her little vagina. I look at Andrea's face as it pushes into her and see that she is sweating profusely while holding her breath.
Suddenly, I see Andrea flinch and gasp, as head of his penis breaks past her outer lips with a pop. He pushes further, with Andrea wincing in pain as she reaches forward with her hands in an attempt to stop him, but due to his length, she has no hope of reaching him as he pushes deeper into her almost virgin insides.
I step back as I watch Darrell slowly push deeper into her. He pushes in an inch, and then pulls back a half of an inch, and then repeats going deeper and deeper. Darrell's penis looks like it may have even swelled larger and huge veins, like those on muscle builders are visible along the sides of his huge penis.
Andrea's vagina is now being wedged open with the her outer lips being stretched tight around Darrell's penis. When he pulls back, it looks like the insides of her vagina and being pulled out with his penis, but then he pushes back in. Her vagina is being opened so wide, that now the little nub at what used to be a crease, is being exposed and is actually swelled standing up almost like a little penis.
"Get beside her Kristi and you, grab her leg." Darrell instructs.
Kristi let's go of Andrea's legs in which Andrea doesn't move, keeping her legs pulled up to her chest. Kristi moves in beside Andrea and then grabs her right leg.
"You grab her left leg and hold her." he tells me.
I do as told pulling her leg up closer to her head following Kristi's lead. Doing this, brings her butt even higher off the table exposing her anus even more, yet Darrell keeps his penis inside her vagina.
"Damn! This bitch is tight."
"Was!" Kristi says as she laughs.
Their words cut like daggers. I'm almost sick watching what was taking place to my tiny petite wife. Yet, I look into her face, and even though she covered in sweat, and in an obscene position with a huge penis invading her. She looks as though she's enjoying this.
About this time, I hear Andrea begin to whimper as Darrell had just pushed in a bit further. Much further than I could ever reach and most likely against her cervix. He still had at least another four inches to go before being fully embedded in her tight vagina.
Darrell stops, looks at her, and asks "If we stop, I will pull out and we never do this again. Or, if we continue, you give me everything, including yourself. I will in return satisfy you in every way sexually. Ways, you don't even know yet. You will only have sex with me, or who I tell you to have sex with. You will be my plaything. Do you agree?"
Andrea looks up between her splayed legs and smiles "I do!".
With that, Darrell looks me in the eyes and smiles. His smile then turns to a look of seriousness and without warning, he pushes his penis all the way inside Andrea's vagina, most likely opening her cervix, and fully impaling her on his massive penis with his scrotum coming to rest on her rectum. Andrea let's out a scream as it goes deep within her as he rearranges her insides.
Once all the way inside, he holds it there allowing Andrea to catch her breath and get used to being filled in a way she had never felt before.
"Are you okay?" I ask.
Andrea looks over at me, nods her head yes, and smiles as I see the familiar redness come to her face and upper chest.
Darrell now begins to pull back inch after inch, but before pulling all the way out, pushes all the way back in. he does this repeatedly, each time resulting with his penis coming out with more and more juices on it. He begins to piston back and forth faster resulting a white froth on the shaft of his huge penis that begins to run down the sides of her vagina and down the crack of her butt over her little anus.
Andrea begins to moan as her face and chest turns a brighter red. She suddenly tenses up, and lets out a scream yelling "I'm cumming!". Darrell quickly pulls his penis out of her vagina and steps to the side just as a spray of liquid shoots out of her vagina just missing Darrell landing on the floor.
As soon as she stops gushing, I see that her once tight little vagina was now open in which it was easy to see up inside her.
"Look at her pussy!" Darrell demands.
I move my head and look to see that even without anything holding it open, I can see inside up to her cervix and even that looks to be open, ready to accept Darrell's penis.
"Even if you try to fuck her, she'd never never know if you were inside of her." he says as Kristi giggles.
Darrell pulls Andrea off the table and repositions her with bent over and her face down on the table. He places his penis at the entrance to her vagina and with one push, pushes his penis all the way within her as she screams with pleasure.
He then grabs both hips and begins to slam his penis in and out of her vagina as Andrea grunts with every push. Kristi walks over to me, grabs my shoulders, and moves me to the side of Andrea facing Darrell.
"On you knees pool boy." she advises.
I drop to my knees as I watch Darrell piston his penis in and out of Andrea as she as she starts telling Darrell to go faster and harder. I then see Darrell's butt cheeks begin to tighten, and watch as Darrell pushes his penis all the way into her pulling her hips back tight against his.
"I'm cumming!" he advises.
He stays like this for at least a minute, I'm sure pumping his sperm deep within her vagina. As he pulls his penis out, I hear "Clean it!". I'm not sure what he means until Kristi tells me to open my mouth. I do so, and Darrell slides his penis deep into my mouth. I immediately taste the mixture of juices. The juices that came from Andrea and also the sperm from Darrell. I lick it the best I can in which I then hear Kristi "Now clean out her pussy.".
I look and see Andrea's vagina which is open, covered in white froth, and has sperm dripping from it. I begin to lick her hole catching glob after glob that worked out it. If I pushed my mouth and face into her butt hard enough, pushing my nose into her anus, I could reach her little nub with my tongue which would cause Andrea to whimper when I touched it.
Finally, I couldn't get anymore from her and backed away from Andrea. Darrell had left the room leaving Kristi and I with Andrea still lying on the table.
"Let's get her home and clean her up." Kristi says.