The third part in the'Only One Piece of Clothing'series. Please also read'Clothes Are Not Dry Yet'too for getting a better wholesomeness of the plot. Enjoy the story.
Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are above 18 years of age.
The doorbell rang at around 6 am in the Monday morning. Deepa was fast asleep. The ringing grew quick and frequent, but Deepa was undisturbed by it. Someone opened the door of the flat and closed it. The door of the room was also opened. Deepa could hear someone entering the room, the rolling wheels sound of a trolley bag and after a few moments, someone getting inside the bathroom. But Deepa was a heavy sleeper and she slept again without any care in the world. After a few minutes, she heard someone murmuring,
"Where did all the curtains go? And the tablecloths, and why is this girl sleeping under a mattress instead of a blanket?"
Deepa was fully awake now, even though she kept her eyes closed. She knew that it was her roommate Rima who had arrived around half an hour ago and she might have noticed the missing curtains and tablecloths and maybe even the apron in the kitchen. Deepa got very nervous and was unsure about how to explain Rima about the missing clothing items and also the fact that she was fully naked, without a stitch of clothing on her body under the mattress that she was using as a blanket. The mattress had covered her fully from the toes to the neck, even her arms and shoulders were inside the mattress. She waited for Rima to sleep in her bed after an exhausting journey, or just step away from the room for few moments. Deepa turned her head slightly to direction of Rima's bed and opened the one eyelid nearer to Rima's bed. Rima seemed to be asleep, lying on the bed with her back to Deepa. One good thing for Deepa was that her bed was near the room door and Rima's bed was at the other end from the door near the window.
"Rima is asleep, please bring me some clothes. I don't think I can explain anything to her,"texted Deepa to Kavya.
"Come to the door, I am standing outside. Won't ring the doorbell,"texted Kavya after a couple of minutes.
Deepa slowly uncovered her nude body, checking again and again that Rima was facing away from her. She picked up the hand towel on the table beside her and tiptoed across the room to not wake Rima up. She didn't actually use the hand towel to cover herself while she crossed the living room. She looked through the peephole of the door and saw Kavya waiting outside. She opened the door quietly and let Kavya inside.
"My clothes?" asked Deepa standing uncovered in front of Kavya with the hand towel in one hand.
"What clothes? This is your bra and another hand towel," said Kavya and placed the items in Deepa's free hand and snatched the old hand towel from her other hand.
"Look, I am really nervous and embarrassed now," said Deepa.
"You're not really right now," said Kavya stepping forward and brushing her fingers against Deepa's naked pussy.
Deepa felt a current of pleasure flowing through her body, right from her pussy through her spine to her brain and then each to corner of her naked body. She let Kavya touch her pussy.
"I have known her for the past three years, it's difficult to suddenly stay naked in front of her," Deepa tried reasoning with Kavya, fighting the spasms of pleasures that Kavya was giving her.
"I thought she was gonna go to her office? She won't stay in the house all day right?" said Kavya, now slowly inserting her fingers in Deepa's vagina.
"Yes, I think she has to go to her office," said Deepa clenching her teeth.
"Well, there's your answer. I think you are smart enough to hide your naked body from her while gets ready for her office and when she returns in the evening," said Kavya now pulling back her fingers and making Deepa thirsty for a nice orgasm.
Deepa inserted her arms in the white bra and Kavya helped her clasp it in the back. They both shared a long kiss before Kavya bid her goodbye saying that her mother might be awake. Deepa slowly tiptoed back to her room, this time covering her pussy with the hand towel. She quietly got onto the bed and covered herself with the mattress without making any sound as she pretended to sleep.
"Oye, get up lazy bones," said Rima shaking Deepa after half an hour or so since Deepa had slept again. The mattress covered Deepa from top of the head to the tip of the toe.
"You came back?" said Deepa, uncovering her face. She still hid every inch of her body below the chin.
Rima was wearing her formal shirt and knee length skirt and a matching coloured face mask as she got ready to get to her office,
"Yes, I came back long time ago," said Rima, "Where are the curtains and tablecloths?"
"Oh, I gave them to Sampooran Laundry Service," said Deepa meekly.
"They are still operating during this lockdown?"
"Yes," nodded Deepa, "Or else I won't have any clean clothes left to wear right?"
"Yeah right," said Rima with a laugh, "I am making some breakfast and then I would leave for my office, wanna have some?"
"Just make some for me and leave it in the kitchen, I will have it later," said Deepa, "But Rima, don't you have to self quarantine for two weeks, since you have returned from a different city?"
Deepa actually didn't want Rima to stay in the house, but curiosity made her to ask the question and now she was afraid that Rima might actually stay in the house.
"I just live in the outskirts of the city, so technically I'm not returning from a different city," said Rima with a smile, "You keep on forgetting where my parents live."
"Sorry," said Deepa with an innocent smile, "I think you're getting late for the office then. The transport is very limited too, only few buses are running and the Uber fare has been hiked."
"Yeah yeah, I am leaving," said Rima, but she kept staring down at Deepa standing beside her bed, "Are you sure you're feeling well? And why are you covering yourself with your old mattress? What happened to your blanket?"
"This mattress provides more warmth than the blanket," said Deepa with a nervous smile.
Rima just stood for a moment looking along the length of the mattress slightly confused. She left the room quickly without saying anything as she was getting late.
Deepa sighed a breath of relief and quickly texted Kavya,
"At least return the tablecloths and curtains. Rima is beginning to feel suspicious."
"Ok, but you have to knock at my door,"texted Kavya back,"I will inform you once my mother is in the bathroom."
"No way, it's morning, anyone can come out in the hallway,"replied Deepa.
"What are masks for?"texted Kavya with a smiley face.
Deepa smiled at the message and realised that she wanted a good adventure, which she hadn't had for the past one day. She heard the flat door getting shut by Rima and she proceeded to get fresh for the day, masturbating in the bathroom while taking a shower which was her daily routine. She ate the delicious sandwich made by Rima, sitting bottomless in the chair in the living room. She loved touching her naked body against hard solid things like chair, table or the kitchen platform, or even the hard floor of the room.
"Come to my door, quick,"came Kavya's text.
She wore a mask which gave her some kind of concealment to her identity. She held the hand towel to hide her naked pussy and used her other hand to unsuccessfully cover her round bare ass, as she took quick silent steps across the hallway of the the fifth floor to Kavya's flat.
She knocked the door instead of ringing the doorbell so that Kavya's mother wouldn't hear it while she was in the bathroom.
To Deepa's relief Kavya opened the door quickly.
"My pretty girl!" exclaimed and she pinched the nipples of Deepa over her bra and Deepa too giggled to that.
"Take these curtains and tablecloths and don't you dare wear them," said Kavya and gave her a kiss on the lips, "My next kiss is gonna be down there when I come to your door. Mother might be out of the bathroom anytime soon."
Two large curtains and a couple of table cloths gave her full coverage of body till she reached her flat. She first fit all the curtains in her room and in the living room and set the tablecloths too. One good thing about the 'only one piece of clothing' challenge was that she didn't have to wash the clothes herself which she very much hated to do.
"But I don't think even Kavya is washing the single clothes that I have been wearing for the past two days," Deepa thought.
She had less office work that day and she just sat in boredom the whole day in front of her laptop. During the video calls she would simply disconnect the video, as she didn't want anyone to know that she was only in a bra. She wished someone in her team would show their lower half of the body accidentally. Everyone on the video calls carefully concealed the lower part of the body. At one point, after great patience, Deepa did find her team manager wearing an underwear in the lower part as he got up from his seat after the meeting was over and the host of the meeting had forgotten to end the meeting. The team manager too had forgotten to disconnect from the meeting and he got up from his chair, revealing his tight white underwear as his big potbelly stopped his T-shirt from covering anything further down the end of his belly. It was only after a few seconds when he realised his mistake and he quickly disconnected the call. Only Deepa was still connected to the meeting and she found it funny.
It was around 7.30 pm in the night when she got a call from Rima.
"Hey Deepa, I might be coming home late tonight, have lots of work to catch up with," she said, ''It might be midnight."
"Ok, don't worry, I will cook the dinner for both us. Don't eat anything from outside," said Deepa.
"Ok, and I saw that the food were almost over in the fridge, and some groceries were over too, so I ordered them and I think it has arrived downstairs in our building," said Rima.
"What?" exclaimed Deepa.
"What WHAT?" asked Rima.
"No, nothing..ok, I will get it from the reception," said Deepa hurriedly and she hung up the call.
Deepa went to the kitchen to check if there were enough groceries in the kitchen for dinner. There were not enough for two people to have dinner. Rima was a heavy eater in the night even though she ate light for breakfast. Deepa had to get the groceries from the reception. She also saw this as an opportunity for a bigger adventure.
She remembered the last time she had gone downstairs at the reception to get her clothes back from the laundry service. She had gone there wearing only her panties and her panties got stuck on the ear of the chair at the reception desk. She had to let go of her panties and had accidentally mooned and then showed her nude frontal to Hanif the plumber and the security guard at the reception. She had had one of the best masturbation afterwards on the landing of the stairs.
She decided to call Kavya but her phone was switched off. She texted her asking if she could get the groceries from the reception. Last time Kavya had taken Deepa's laundry clothes from the reception without Deepa's knowledge, so Deepa's nude expedition at the reception was fruitless. But the experience was still worth it.
She got a call from the reception desk.
"Hello, Room no. 501?"
"Yes," answered Deepa. The voice seemed different than the last time she spoke with the guard in the reception area. This was a different security guard.
"Your groceries delivery has arrived. Please pick it up from the reception area."
"Ok, I am coming down in few minutes," she said hurriedly.
"I have to use the curtains now," she thought.
She didn't wanna betray or disappoint Kavya, but she had to get the groceries and make dinner for her and Rima.
"I could borrow some clothes from Rima's wardrobe," the thought suddenly clicked her mind, "Even though it would be against the spirit of the challenge."
She went to her room and tried to open Rita's wardrobe, but it was locked. She then looked outside the window and found Rima's towel hanging on the bar. She took the towel and wrapped it around her waist. She checked herself in the mirror and it looked as if she were around a swimming pool, about to dip into the pool by removing her towel. She found it ridiculous to wear something like that and go downstairs at the reception to pick up the groceries, but she had no other choice. She could have waited for Kavya to call her back, but she wanted cook the dinner soon and have some adventure too.
While she was preparing herself mentally to get out of the room like that, the doorbell rang.
"It better be Kavya at the door," she said to herself and then looked down at her body again, "Even if it is Rima, it won't matter."
She opened the door without looking through the peephole, expecting either one of them, but standing at the door was Hanif. He looked happy and smiling through the mask. He was holding what looked like two groceries bags.
"Hello ma'am," he said still smiling behind the mask.
Deepa found Hanif attractive and had inadvertently shown him her bare ass and bare pussy on two different occasions. She found this opportunity to be apt for flirting with him.
"Here are your grocery deliveries, I picked it up from the reception," he said.
"Thanks," said Deepa with a smile, "Why don't you come inside and keep it in the kitchen? I remember now I have to pay you for the plumbing work you had done few days ago."
Hanif gulped down his own saliva with nervousness as he faced the sexy looking Deepa in a bra and towel around her hips asking him to come inside the house. He went to kitchen and kept the grocery bags.
"Sit down and relax, I will bring the money. How much was it?" said Deepa as she led him to the living room and signalled him to sit on the sofa.
"200 rupees," said Hanif with a stutter.
Hanif looked all over the house and ceiling while waiting for Deepa. His knees were shaking as he wondered what was gonna happen next. Deepa entered the living room, wearing only a towel covering from the middle of her breasts to the top of her thighs. Hanif couldn't believe his eyes and got up from the sofa.
"Let's talk for a few minutes right? Why such hurry?" said Deepa as she sat in the chair opposite to the sofa.
Hanif sat on the sofa again and saw Deepa sitting with crossed legs, showing a considerable amount of her inner and back thighs. If only she had uncrossed and spread her legs, she would have shown her vagina.
"Why do you stay in this residential society? Last time I remember you said you worked for a plumbing agency," asked Deepa now crossing her arms just below her breasts making the cleavage more visible. Hanif noticed the 200 rupee note sticking out from her left breast near the cleavage, trapped between the towel and the breast.
"My friend...friend actually lives in the society, in the next building, and I get most of the calls from the three buildings in this society, so I decided to stay with him for a while. It's difficult to travel in this lockdown right?," he said with an occasional awkward smile.
"You have seen me nude a couple of times right?" said Deepa.
She couldn't believe herself what she was doing, but something timid and shy about Hanif had made her more confident and she wanted to be dominant to him.
"Yes ma'am, sorry for that," said Hanif again with a hesitant smile.
"Aww, don't be sorry," said Deepa.
She realised one thing. She could act like this only in front of Hanif and Kavya. She secretly prayed Rima didn't show up unexpectedly now.
"I don't think you mind seeing me clothed like this," said Deepa softly which made Hanif skip a heartbeat.
He didn't know what to say to that.
"So you want me to see fully clothed then?" said Deepa with a fake frown and disappointment in her voice.
"No, no, ma'am, you can stay like this...wear...wear what you wanna wear," said Hanif with a shiver in his voice.
Deepa was delighted to see him nervous. She had never made any person in her life so shaken and nervous. She was enjoying her dominance on Hanif and began to think of the naughty things she wanted to do with Hanif, but she knew she didn't have enough time that night for that. She wanted to arrange something in the coming days to play with Hanif.
She got up from her chair and so did Hanif.
"You can take the money," she looked down at her breasts.
Hanif came nearer to take out the folded 200 rupees note which was stuck between Deepa's left breast nearer to the cleavage and the knot of the towel. Hanif's hand was shaking as he moved it nearer to the currency note. Once he grabbed the end of the note, he found it difficult to pull the note out.
"Come on, pull it harder, the note is not gonna tear," said Deepa.
The note didn't tear, but as Hanif pulled it harder the knot got untied and Deepa let out a fake gasp, holding her lips with both the palm.
Hanif couldn't believe that he was standing before a beautiful naked woman whose breasts were round and marvellous and the crotch had the classic frizzy hair.
"I think I need to leave ma'am," said Hanif as his legs were shaking and a noticeable erection poked out through his pants.
Deepa wanted to stop him, but she let him go for now. Her exhibitionism for the day was done. She let out a loud laugh as Hanif ran through the door. She went back to her room and hung the towel on the bar outside the window as it was before and didn't bother wearing her bra.
She cooked the dinner naked, greatly missing the sexy apron, which was now with Kavya along with the rest of her clothes. There was an inexplicable heat in the kitchen and she began to sweat all over her body, beads of sweat began to appear on her breasts and ass too. Maybe she was making the gravy too spicy for the dinner. She casually slid open the windows of the kitchen, which she rarely did while she cooked in the kitchen. Anyone in the building on the other side of the road, facing the kitchen, could see the naked outline of Deepa's breasts and ass, as her profile was visible through the open kitchen window from the outside. She began to hum a song and did small steps to it, making her ass and breasts wobble more than before.
She suddenly heard a loud whistle and then a loud voice.
"You're so fricking hot!" came the voice.
Deepa looked at the window to see the silhouette of two men standing at their windows from the fifth floor of the building from the other side of the road.
"Mwaah!!" said Deepa going near the window and giving them a flying kiss and then she slid the window closed.
Neither the two men nor Deepa could see each others' faces from the distance, as the street lights were dimly lit and the light from each of the houses were not enough to show the faces. This obscurity had made Deepa confident enough to give them a flying kiss. But the men did know which house she belonged to. It was not difficult to figure out the house number if they could count the floor number and check the position of the window. She wished those two men made an attempt to visit her flat someday.
Her phone rang and it was Kavya on phone.
"My ex-boyfriend, the great hacker, he never stops calling me from various numbers," explained Kavya about why she had switched off her phone.
"Don't you work in an ad agency? How did you get a hacker there?" asked Deepa.
"He was there only for few days, he's a freelancer, so he had to create some kind of website and I don't know why he had to visit our office instead of working from home," said Kavya, "I could have easily got some other fuck buddy than him."
"Yeah, maybe he wanted to check out some girls in the office, that's why he freelanced from the office and got you," giggled Deepa, "Would you be ok if Hanif were your fuck buddy?"
And then she told Kavya the little tease with the towel and currency note that she did for Hanif. Kavya laughed heartily to that.
"I wanna fuck that cutie someday," said Deepa.
"Whoa whoa, easy Deepa," said Kavya.
"You're not upset that I wanna fuck him, right?"
"No, no, I am always open, and want everyone to be open. But don't forget to fuck me too," said Kavya, "I will hang your short shorts in the door knob tomorrow,"
"At some point, Rima will discover. I need to manage my routine in accordance with her office hours if I want to hide my nudity," said Deepa.
"I am still telling you, don't hide, just flaunt it. Tell her that you're a nudist or something. But don't tell her that you're an exhibitionist, because if you're an exhibitionist and you wanna always remain nude, it means you're in a perpetual state of arousal which might not be comfortable for others," said Kavya.
"And what are you though, a nudist or an exhibitionist?" asked Deepa.
"I'm both," said Kavya with a laugh.
"Nah, you can't be both."
"Well, let me come to your flat," said Kavya, "It's 8.45 pm and mother is already getting ready to sleep."
"What? What if Rima comes back?" said Deepa.
"Too late now," said Kavya and rang the doorbell.
Deepa opened the door naked with the beads of sweat and Kavya kept her mouth open while she held the phone on her ears.
"Come on get inside," said Deepa and she pulled Kavya inside by her hand, "You promised me to kiss me down there in the morning."
In the living room itself they started pleasuring each other. Kavya didn't have to struggle much to caress Deepa's naked body. Deepa began to strip down Kavya's clothes: she pulled down the shorts and panties together and then took some time to pull up the shirt and unclasp the bra. The sofa was enough for their sexual explorations. They tried doing a 69 as they adjusted themselves to lick each others' pussies.
"You haven't done this before?" asked Deepa.
"As if you have," said Kavya with a smile. She was on top Deepa licking her pussy and kissing her vagina while Deepa stuffed her face on Kavya's ass.
They were a little bit uncomfortable in the beginning, but they got flexible as their desire for pleasure was stronger than their untrained bodies for such stretching activities. After they both reached their orgasms, Kavya got up and sat in the chair, trying to catch some breath while Deepa was lying on the sofa.
After few minutes Kavya started getting clothed and Deepa came back from her room with her bra which she wrapped around Kavya's neck in a playful manner.
"You are making me stay naked longer than you had ever been in your hostel," said Deepa pulling her closer by the bra straps.
"I am showing you a more pleasurable world," said Kavya kissing her longer, for one last time that day.
"My short shorts tomorrow?" said Deepa, "I will text you when to hang it on the doorknob."
"Sure," said Kavya and she left the house with Deepa's bra, leaving her totally naked without any stitch of clothing once again.
Deepa had her dinner nude. She realised that she had added more than enough spice and she began to sweat again in all the places in her body. She used the hand towel to wipe off all the sweat, but she still felt dirty.
"I will take a shower," she thought and went inside the bathroom.
Masturbation during the shower was a must for Deepa. After she came out of the bathroom, she looked at Rima's bed: her office handbag was on the bed. Deepa looked at the table clock, it was only 9.30 pm, but the handbag on Rima's bed meant only thing.
"She has arrived!" Deepa said to herself in a shock, involuntarily covering her breasts and pussy with her hands.
Rima would have headed straight to the bathroom, but as Deepa was already in there taking the shower, she might have gone to the common bathroom. Deepa quickly looked through the window pane and noticed that the towel was not there, which confirmed that Rima was using the common bathroom. Deepa searched for the hand towel, but realised that she had left it in the living room. She quickly dashed to the living room, found the hand towel on a table there and rushed back to her room, without giving a look at the common bathroom to check if Rima was inside it.
"What the fuck should I do now?" she said to herself getting panicky.
She got into the bed and sat against the headrest covering herself with the old mattress till her belly, she covered her breasts by taking two pillows and overlapping side by side so that her side boobs too was covered. She wrapped the hand towel around her neck, though the hand towel was not long enough to wrap around her neck the whole way, it was wide enough to hide the shoulders around her neck. She opened her laptop and kept it in front of her and kept looking at the door. After a few minutes Rima came to the room, wiping her wet face and hands with her towel.
"You've had dinner?" said Rima, without looking at Deepa.
"Yes," said Deepa pretending to do something at the laptop. She had just opened a word editor and was typing some nonsense.
"I have never noticed you taking shower at night?" said Rima while she stripped off her office clothes and put on a shorts and T-shirt.
"I felt hot today, especially while cooking the chilli paneer," said Deepa, still not looking up to Rima and pretending to look at something important at the laptop.
"I guess you're in your underwear right?" said Rima, now staring right at Deepa.
Deepa was somewhat shocked and frightened when Rima said that. She stopped the pretend typing and looked up slowly at Rima, still not sure if she should tell her the truth, that she didn't even have any underwear on.
"It's ok, you lived alone for few days and you lived in your underwear to be comfortable," said Rima with a casual tone, "Some people even live nude alone. It's their choice. I bet you too would have lived nude while you were alone here, but unlucky you, I've come back. And unlucky me, I have to start working at my sucking job."
Deepa was happy to know that Rima didn't find it strange that she could have lived nude while she was alone in the flat. But Deepa still couldn't utter a word about her current state of nudity.
"I see the curtains and tablecloths are back." said Rima, looking at the window curtains, "I guess your clothes are back too."
"Yes yes...yes," said Deepa on the verge of stammering and trying to think of something else to say.
"I'm gonna have dinner then, sorry I made you make the dinner for me too, even though I came early," said Rima, "My dumb boss realised that she couldn't go home if the buses were not available late night. She didn't wanna pay for the Uber cabs, as they have hiked their fares too high. What a miser she is!"
Deepa wanted to tell her that the boss better protest nude against the cab fare hikes. She even giggled at the thought, even though she had never actually seen Rima's boss.
"Yeah yeah, what a miser," said Rima taking Deepa's giggle to be about her last statement, "Will catch up with you after dinner."
"Actually, I'm gonna sleep soon, it was an exhausting day and work too got stretched," said Deepa, pointing at her laptop, "But now I'm closing up, had to do some minor checks. I might be asleep before you finish your meals."
"Okie dokie, we have the weekends too, if we still work hard like this," said Rima with a smile and left the room to have dinner.
Deepa quickly shut the door so that Rima wouldn't enter the room without a noise. She looked herself in the mirror, one last time for the day. After taking a shower, her body felt fresh and her nude body looked even more beautiful and she couldn't help admiring herself by groping her boobs and pinching it and straightening the frizzy pussy hair and checking out the smooth skin around it and the hips.
She quietly got into her bed and texted a 'Good Night' message to Kavya.
"How to tell Rima that I'm still nude?" thought Deepa, "Without a single piece of clothing."