Saturday morning, Lisa Marvell gave herself the luxury of sleeping late and then enjoying a breakfast of eggs, toast, and black coffee. As she sipped on the hot drink, she reflected on the special dares that she had agreed to do as part of the agreement she had made with Channel 4 upon her return to the late night news.
Under the terms of her new contract, Lisa consented to do a series of feature reports that put her in situations where she would invariably end up naked. It was a logical follow-up to her segments on "Women Who Dare to Bare" that had been shown during the preceding months and had led to highest Friday night ratings in the station's history. After her leave of absence, these series of dares were the perfect way to draw the audience back to the broadcasts and attract even more viewers. And, Lisa acknowledged to herself, the new reports would allow her to explore her burgeoning exhibitionist instincts while providing a unique opportunity for the complex private relationship between herself and anchorwoman Natalie Johnson to play out in a very public setting.
Each week Natalie would choose from among the various ideas submitted by viewers and "dare" Lisa to perform the action as part of a segment broadcast during Channel 4's "Friday Night Special 11:00 news report. In addition Natalie managed to find some way to make sure that Lisa had an audience present as she stripped. First, it had been just her colleagues at the station, but the previous night's broadcast had featured the blonde reporter skinny dipping in the local college's pool while the swim team practiced. "Yep," Lisa had tweeted within a half hour of the close of the broadcast, "that was my fat butt featured on our report tonight. Just letting it all hang out for our viewers!" And judging by the texts and emails to the station, the vast majority of the audience thoroughly approved of Lisa's ass.
Finishing her cup of coffee, the reporter picked up her phone and texted her personal trainer to see if she could schedule a session with him at the gym. After returning from her leave of absence, Lisa had vowed to maintain a serious exercise regimen, and that was reinforced now by the realization that Natalie would be devising new ways each week to get Lisa out of her clothes. "If Miss Natalie is going to be daring me to strip each week, I'm at least going to make sure I don't have little rolls of flab on my tummy and cellulite showing on my thighs," she mused to herself. For a 32-year old, she was in fantastic shape with a 34-25-36 figure, and she was determined to keep fit.
Within minutes, she heard back from her trainer confirming that they could meet in an hour. Lisa quickly slipped into a black thong, tights, and a leotard. In recent weeks, she had generally given up wearing a bra and today was no exception. So before heading out to her car, she threw on a light wind breaker to cover her top and avoid the stares from passersby who might notice her nipples prominently straining against the fabric of the leotard. Even so, she got several comments from strangers as she was entering the gym, acknowledging that they had seen her on the news last night and commending her performance.
"Great job," one of them said. "Keep up the dares, Lisa. We're loving them," one older gentleman commented as he held the door open for her at the entrance to the gym.
"Thank you," she replied with a polite smile. "Keep watching," she said.
"Are you really taking suggestions from viewers?" he asked cautiously, and when Lisa replied that she was, he continued. "Well, maybe you could do a workout session here at the gym?"
"Doesn't seem like much of a dare," she laughingly replied.
"Oh, I mean," and he hesitated, "you know, like you did last night."
"You mean without my clothes on?" she asked.
The older man nodded and glanced away.
"Lisa laughed softly and shook her head. "Well, you better send that idea to Natalie. She's the one who chooses the dares, and you never know with her."
With that, the man smiled and said, "Well, I just might do that. And thanks for hearing me out. You're a nice lady," he said and waved to her as she stepped inside and he headed toward the parking lot.
Marc Lenoir, Lisa's trainer, was waiting for her. "And how is my favorite reporter?" he asked with a big grin on his face. "Been swimming lately?" he added, arching his eyebrows.
Lisa had trained on and off with Marc over the last year and really enjoyed his flamboyant sense of humor. "Oh, maybe just a little dip," she said, sticking her tongue out at him. "But how did you know?"
"Hey girl," Marc said sassily. "You know that Jeff and I are two of your biggest fans. And now that you're back on the Friday night news, there's no way we'd go out until after 11:30. We wouldn't miss you for the world."
"Ah," said Lisa, putting on a somewhat embarrassed act. "I had no idea you even paid attention to us girls."
"Only to you," Marc said with a smile. "Plus, it's kind of made me a celebrity at the club we go to. You know, Marc Renoir - trainer to the stars!"
Both he and Lisa shared a laugh but then got down to work. "You gotta help me keep that extra weight off. You know, the camera adds ten pounds to you, and I don't want that showing up on my butt."
"It wasn't there last night," Marc chimed in as he guided her through her initial stretching exercises. "But don't worry, we'll keep that flab away. Just do what I tell you to do."
"Now you're sounding like Natalie," Lisa added jokingly.
Marc's eyes narrowed. "That little bitch. Getting you naked in front of all those guys." He paused. "Not that I wasn't jealous. Looked like there were some cute guys on that swim team."
"Now don't get any ideas. I want them all for myself," Lisa said continuing their playful banter. "And don't be so hard on Natalie. Her instincts are right on target. I thought it made for good TV."
"Can't argue with you there. I just don't like her bossing you around."
"Oh Marc, you should know, sometimes that's half the fun."
Marc paused. "Hmm, I see. There are unexpected depths to our sweet little reporter."
Lisa looked up from her mat, wiped some sweat from her forehead and smiled. "Well, hopefully we'll at least keep you and Jeff tuning in. But for now, let's do some work on these abs. Who knows which side Natalie will have me showing off next week?"
****
Monday morning Bill greeted Lisa as she entered the studio. "Perfect timing," he beamed. "Natalie's in my office and we're just going over the suggestions from viewers. Great response to Friday's broadcast, and we're getting more and more dares from the audience. We wanted to run this week's idea by you."
"Heard anything from standards and practices?" Lisa asked.
"Oh, a few rumblings. But I heard even more from the station manager."
"Really? And what did he have to say?"
"Keep up the good work, or words to that effect."
"Hmmm, from what I've seen and heard about him, it was probably more along the lines of 'nice ass that reporter has,'" Lisa added playfully.
"You wouldn't be that far off. But the point is he's very pleased and for now, we have his full support."
Bill ushered a smiling Lisa into his office where Natalie was already huddled with Danielle King, who had joined the station about six months earlier and was typically assigned to consumer reports on the midday news while occasionally filling in on for others on weekends and holidays. "Morning Lisa," the anchorwoman said with a bit of a twinkle in her eye. "You look happy for so early in the morning."
"Bill and I were just joking around, that's all. Hope everyone had a good weekend."
"What's a weekend?" Danielle joked. "At the last minute, I was called in to anchor last night so there went my Sunday." She quickly turned to Bill and added, "But not that I minded. I'm thrilled to get the chance anytime it comes up."
"And you were first rate," Bill replied. "In fact," he continued, looking over at Lisa, "Natalie and I have asked for Danielle's help on this week's dare, and it looks like Nat's been bringing her up to speed."
"Sounds interesting," the blonde reporter said. "Are we going to be able to get you involved in the dare somehow?" Lisa asked, looking directly at her, clearly intrigued by the possibility of the attractive brown-eyed woman joining her on camera.
"Oh, nothing like that," Danielle replied with a blush. "It seems like my condo is ideally suited for part of the segment and...," she hesitated momentarily, "maybe I better let Natalie explain."
"Absolutely," Natalie said. "First of all, we're going to need someone to provide some narration for this week's activity when you're not close to a mike. Plus, Bill figures that given the positive comments we got from viewers about Sue Thomson's participation in Friday's segment, it's a great idea to have someone else on camera with you. And finally, we need a place that's close to Tony's restaurant downtown. And that's where Danielle comes in."
"Turns out I live just a couple blocks away, so Natalie asked if I was willing to help out," the reporter added cheerfully.
"Now you've got me curious," Lisa replied. "What exactly does Tony's Restaurant have to do with your plans for the Friday Night Special, Natalie?"
The anchorwoman raised her eyebrows ever so slightly, and Lisa could detect just the trace of a smirk on her face. "Ever hear of the pizza dare?" she asked.
"You mean where you have a pizza delivered and then answer the door wrapped in a towel?"
"That's it," Danielle chimed in. "I just googled it and there are some videos posted online. Usually it's some college kid who shows up and the girl answers the door and...," she paused awkwardly.
"And she drops the towel and tries to get the pizza for free," Lisa completed her sentence. "I know, and I wouldn't expect anything less from you, Natalie," she said, turning to face her colleague.
"I was hoping you'd expect a little more from me," Natalie responded playfully. "After all, as Danielle points out, there are already lots of videos of this sort of thing online, and it would seem too boring to have you do the same old thing. So, I thought we could add a twist."
"For one thing, we'll be doing it live," Danielle chimed in. "During the broadcast we can phone in the order from my condo."
"But of course," Natalie noted, "Delivery service may not be reliable that late in the evening and..."
"And for live TV we have to be certain that this all happens at exactly the right time so...," Lisa interrupted as the real intent of the dare dawned on her.
"It might be best if you went to the restaurant to pick up the pizza," Natalie said, completing the sentence for her. "Should be a lot more fun that way."
"A lot more fun for whom?" Lisa asked.
"Our viewers, of course," the dark-haired anchorwoman replied.
"And how does the towel fit into all of this?"
Natalie smiled innocently. "Well, why not have you show up at the restaurant to get your pizza wearing just your towel? Then - oopsy - it just happens to fall off and we'll see if you get the pizza for free."
"And that's not all we'll see, and in front of everyone in the restaurant!" Lisa said, amazed at Natalie's willingness to figure out more and more embarrassing situations for her.
"You know, Lisa, you don't have do this if you're not comfortable with it. It would work well just doing the dare at Danielle's condo," Bill chimed in.
Lisa considered the news producer's comment thoughtfully and then responded. "But Natalie's right. It will be a much better segment if we stage it in the restaurant. The whole point is that I'm not always comfortable with these dares. It's important that the audience have a sense of that and that they wonder if I'll really go through with it. It makes the whole thing that much more compelling to watch. I think we should play this up as something that will happen at home and then at the last minute, let our viewers in on the twist."
"I'm certainly okay with that if you three are," Bill said, gesturing to his reporters. "We'll have to be careful with the camerawork but we managed to pull it off last week. And having Danielle there gives us the flexibility to focus on her whenever we need to."
He looked to Danielle, who took a deep breath and began to speak. "To be honest," she said, looking at the blonde reporter, "I'm a little in awe of your willingness to do what it takes to make this segment the best it can be. I'd never have the nerve to do that, but if you're okay with it, I'm definitely in. I'd be thrilled to be a part of the Friday night special."
"Who knows?" Lisa said with a chuckle. "Once you see how much fun it is, you might be tempted to join me in a dare one of these weeks."
Bill looked mildly surprised at Lisa's comment and turned immediately to see how Danielle would react. The reporter was a dark-haired brunette in her mid-thirties, just a few years older than Lisa and still a bit of unknown around the station. She stood a couple of inches shorter but with larger breasts, slightly broader hips and an appealing butt. "It's really not a bad idea," he thought to himself, but instinctively knew the best thing he could do was to say nothing. So he sat quietly and waited for Danielle to reply.
A subtle smile stole across the older reporter's face. "Well, you've given me something to think about," she said glancing at both Lisa and Natalie. "For this week, I'm fine helping out in any way I can and making sure that Lisa doesn't get, how should I say it, too much exposure."
The group all chuckled and nodded. "Excellent," Lisa exclaimed. "I think we can have a lot of fun with this."
"Oh, I'm sure we can," Natalie added.
"Great," Bill concluded. "We're all set on this. The three of you can work out the details and we can start running short teasers during our 11:00 broadcasts for this segment. And with that, the meeting ended and the three reporters stood up to leave.
*****
By the time Friday had rolled around, the team had worked out the logistics of the shoot. Bill had insisted that they use two camera teams, one in place at Tony's Restaurant before the broadcast began and a second crew starting at Danielle's condo for the first part of the report. And with the close proximity to the restaurant, it would be easy for that crew to stay with the two women be on hand to provide a second camera at the restaurant. Finally, it turned out that Tony's stopped delivering at 11:00, so after that time, it was pickup only. There would be no option to change plans at the last minute and stage the dare in Danielle's condo even if Lisa got cold feet. There was no doubt that she would be picking up the pizza around 11:25 in full view of everyone in the restaurant.
The camera crew assigned to the restaurant were Wayne and Angela, and the duo accompanying the reporters to the condo, Steve and Jamal, had regularly teamed with Danielle for the features she'd shot on remote locations. But neither group had worked with Lisa on her previous "dare to bare" reports, so Bill insisted that everyone first assemble first at the Channel 4 studio to run through a list of reminders and guidelines.
"Wayne, since you'll be handling the main camera, you've got one major rule to follow: when Lisa's actually performing the dare, make sure you're shooting her from behind," the producer explained.
"Just in case you didn't know," Lisa said with a chuckle, "I'm going to be naked."
"Yeah, so I heard," the cameraman responded good-naturedly.
"The signal is going out live," Bill added, "so be careful. Standards and Practices will let us sneak in the occasional butt shot, but definitely nothing from the front."
"Don't worry, Bill," Angela chimed in. "You can trust us to get this right."
"I realize that," Bill continued. "But it's going to get tricky once you're in the restaurant. Just remember, I'll be sitting in the control room and can turn off the live feed at a moment's notice. So, if anything goes wrong and you start to see more of Lisa than you should, let me know and I'll kill the signal. But that would look really amateurish, so let's make sure it doesn't happen."
Steve, the second cameraman, nodded. "We're all set on that, too. I spent part of the afternoon with Wayne and Angela at Tony's and we've mapped it all out. They'll be in the restaurant behind the counter when we get there, and Angela will have a mike so we can hear what Lisa's saying. Jamal and I will follow her in and," he said looking at the producer, "we'll be sure to stay behind her."
"You know," Lisa said turning to Wayne, "that if you don't keep the lens on my face and neck when I drop my towel, we'll be in big trouble."
"Now you're sounding just like Bill," cameraman said. "We actually did a quick run through earlier today with a live feed from the restaurant. And we had Tony stand in for you," he added with a chuckle. "Sure glad we're not having that overweight dude doing this dare. We'd scare all of our viewers away."
Steve added a few more details in order to reassure Bill. "We'll be able to cut between the counter shot and our camera behind Lisa. That way, Wayne and Angela can get the reactions of the crowd in the restaurant and we'll get the people behind the counter."
"Sounds like you've thought of everything," Lisa added. "Thanks."
"No problem, Lisa. Been looking forward to working with you," Jamal said with a twinkle in his eye.
"I bet," Lisa thought to herself, as the three guys and Angela headed out to their vans. She had heard rumors that the crew members were jockeying for the chance to work her segments, calling in special favors and offering to work holiday weekends in exchange. It gave her a warm feeling to think that Jamal might be one of those, especially as she surveyed his muscular 6 foot 4 inch frame and considered his rugged good looks. "Maybe," she mused silently, I'll have to keep the towel off a little longer than necessary just to make sure he's willing to work with me again."
She was interrupted in her reverie by Danielle, who came up next to her and suggested they head over to her condo now. "When we get there, I can brew some coffee or open a bottle of wine and we can relax while the crew does their work."
"Sounds perfect," Lisa responded. "In fact," she continued, feeling the familiar butterflies in her stomach, "I could use a glass of wine!"
At the condo, the two women spent the next hour or so catching up on station gossip and getting better acquainted, interrupted only a few times by questions from Steve and Jamal. It turned out that Danielle was new to the area, having moved from the Midwest six months ago to take the job at Channel 4. She had recently been divorced, so professionally and personally, the change was a good thing.
Around 10:15, Danielle excused herself to retreat to her bedroom to change into her on-air outfit. Lisa asked if she could use the bathroom to do her make-up and check her hair. "One nice thing about this dare," she joked, "I didn't have to spend time picking out what clothes I'd wear tonight. Just this," she said with a giggle, extracting a soft white towel from her dressing bag.
Meanwhile, the crew proceeded with their audio and camera checks, confirming that everything was ready to go. They were expecting to go live with the first part of the report around 11:05, right after the lead story. This would be a short segment, setting up the dare and showing the pizza order being phoned in. That's when it would be revealed that a delivery wasn't possible and that someone would have to pick up the pizza in person. The two reporters had decided that Danielle should do the lead-in, with Lisa already in the shower. With the camera positioned in the hallway outside the bathroom, Danielle would open the door to reveal Lisa in the shower and tell her about the pick-up.
The frosted door on the walk-in shower was perfect for this shot; the audience would be able to make out Lisa's form through the glass without getting a clear view of her naked body. Then Danielle would briefly inform her of the dare and the stage would be set for the segment later in the broadcast when Lisa appeared wrapped in just a towel.
Danielle emerged from her bedroom ready for the broadcast and decided to see how Lisa was doing. Walking down the hallway, she knocked briefly on the bathroom door and heard Lisa call out to come in. Opening the door, she was startled to see a fully nude Lisa adjusting her hair and makeup in the mirror. "Whoa, good thing we're not live now," Danielle exclaimed.
Lisa giggled. "Just making sure I'm ready. I learned when I was doing the dare to bare reports, that it's a good idea to take your clothes off at least fifteen minutes before filming starts. Otherwise, your skin will still show marks from your clothes."
"Professional secrets," Danielle replied with a smile. "Always good to know."
"Never can tell when it may come in handy in the future," Lisa replied with a smile, as she noticed Danielle trying hard to keep her eyes focused on her face.
"Three minutes," a masculine voice called from the hallway, as Lisa started the shower running and Danielle exited the bathroom.
In the monitor set up in the hallway, the brown-haired reporter could see Jim Simpson finishing his report on the school board's decision to hire a new superintendent. Picking up her mike and positioning herself outside the bathroom door, she heard Natalie's voice in her earpiece.
"Thanks, Jim, for that report. As most of you know, every Friday night we select some fun activity suggested by one of our viewers to be performed by our own daring reporter Lisa Marvell. Last week, Lisa went skinny dipping, and tonight we're asking her to perform what's come to be known as the pizza dare. We're about to call Tony's Pizza on Main Street here in town and ask them to deliver an extra large special with everything on it. In fact, reporter Danielle King, is on the phone with them now, and she'll help us check in on Lisa to see if she's getting ready for this late night prank."
"Hi Natalie," Danielle began as the camera switched over to her in the hallway of her condo, cell phone in her hand. "Lisa's just stepped into the shower for a minute, and pretty soon she'll be toweling down and getting ready. But I've just gotten some surprising news."
"Oh, what's that?" the anchorwoman asked, feigning complete ignorance of the situation.
"Apparently Tony stopped delivery at 11:00 tonight, so we're going to have to go there in person to pick up the pizza. Hold on just a minute while I break the news to Lisa."
With that, the camera zoomed in on Danielle as she opened the door to the bathroom. For a moment, the sound of the water threatened to drown out the narration. But no words were necessary to describe the scene. The shadowy profile of Lisa's body could be seen through the frosted glass. Turned sideways, the reporter was slightly bent over, apparently running a sponge up the length of her leg. Initially the outline of her breasts could be seen but were then covered by her arms as she straightened up. As Danielle called out her name, Lisa turned off the water and cracked open the door to the stall. Leaning sideways, her head and part of her right shoulder popped into view.
"Oh, hi Danielle," she began cheerily. "I guess our viewers know that I'll be doing a pizza dare tonight. A little later in the broadcast I'll be greeting a delivery man wearing only that big white towel that's hanging over on the wall. And I understand that one of her naughty viewers has dared me to drop the towel to see if I can get the pizza for free!"
"That was the plan, Lisa" Danielle explained. "But there's been a slight change."
Lisa's eyes narrowed, just a trace of annoyance in her face. "Oh really? What's up?"
"Turns out that they don't deliver this late. So can I tell them that we'll pick it up in person?" Viewers couldn't help but notice the perplexed look on Lisa's face. "Don't worry, I can drive so you won't have to get dressed."
"Well, I'm not sure," Lisa responded as Jamal zoomed in tighter on her face, "Going outside in just a towel?" Hesitating another few seconds, she then looked directly into the lens and went on. "Well, I guess I still should try to get the pizza for free, right?"
"I'm sure our viewers expect nothing less of our daring reporter," Natalie said, joining in from the studio. "So get yourself dried off and you and keep us updated from the car."
Danielle wrapped up the segment with a quick couple of words as Lisa reached out for the towel, barely keeping her breasts behind the sliding door on the shower. "Well, I can't wait to see how this turns out, and I'm sure our viewers are just as excited about it as I am. For now, back to you Natalie."
Jamal put the camera down as Steve signaled they were off-air. "Okay, everyone, let's get going. I've got Angela on my cell phone and she says everything's ready at Tony's. And Bill wants us to be in the car for a quick update in about eight minutes and then we'll shoot Lisa's arrival around 11:25."
"That should work," a voice could be heard as the bathroom door opened. Lisa emerged wrapped in a towel knotted tightly at her side beneath her arm. The tops of her breasts and a bit of cleavage could be seen and the material extended to mid-thigh, providing ample coverage as long as she was standing. In her hand, she carried a second towel.
"You know, it just occurred to me that we should bring this along as back-up. After I get the pizza, I'm still going to have to turn around and get back to the car. Once I drop my towel at the counter, we can't be sure I'll be able to find it again quickly."
"Oh, I guess Natalie didn't think of that," Danielle naively responded.
"I'm certain Natalie thought of that," Lisa said. "So, you'll just have to make sure you keep the extra towel handy. But for now, let's get in your car and go. I'm guessing we have about 12 minutes to get there and be ready, but I can't be sure," she smiled. "It seems I've forgotten to wear my watch tonight."
In the car, Lisa could feel the excitement building in her. The towel, which functioned well to cover her when standing, was continually riding up on her now that she was seated, and she could feel the cold backseat against her bare ass. Once or twice, she tried to discreetly tug down a bit on the towel, hoping to preserve some shred of decency in front of her colleagues. But at one point, she felt the top knot starting to loosen so she simply sighed and sat back. Steve was driving while Jamal, also in the front seat, positioned the camera so he could get a shot of Danielle talking to Lisa. Looking through the lens, he was being treated to an occasional peak at her pussy as she tried shifting from side to side. "Oh what the hell," she thought, noticing that even Danielle seemed to be distracted by the fleeting glimpse of her most private area. "Jamal," she said, "just make sure you keep the camera on my face" as the young man nodded and smiled.
Danielle fielded a quick phone call from Bill back at the studio, and held up her hand. "They're ready for a quick update from us in the car," she nodded to Lisa. "So,in fifteen seconds we're going live." From his position in the front seat, Jamal listened to instructions through his earpiece as he raised his hand and counted down, "5, 4, 3, 2, and live."
"Hello again. This is Danielle King, and I'm here with Lisa Marvell as we approach Tony's Restaurant. Lisa, looks like you've got your towel securely tied. Hope you didn't forget anything?"
"Well, among other things, I seem to have forgotten all of my clothes and my purse. So, I'm going to have to see if I can get this pizza for free."
"So it sounds like you're ready to perform the pizza dare."
"You know I'll do anything for our viewers, Danielle. I think it's so exciting to see what dares they come up with for me, and I hope they aren't disappointed that we couldn't get the pizza delivered tonight."
"Well, we'll be finding out in just a few minutes, Lisa," she responded as the car rolled to a stop and Steve cut the engine. "It looks like we've just arrived at Tony's. But right now, let's go back to the studio," which was the cue for Natalie to announce a commercial break.
When they came back on in three minutes, Natalie resumed the narration from the anchor desk. "Danielle, it's late getting pretty late. I imagine there aren't many people still eating in the restaurant."
During the break, Jamal and Steve had gotten out of the parked car and quickly positioned themselves near the entrance to Tony's. This allowed them to shoot Lisa emerging from the car door, her towel creeping perilously close to the top of her legs. She leaned forward to try to prevent the towel from pulling up any higher, which had the effect of providing the camera with a clear shot down the front of her cleavage, the tops of her breasts threatening to spill out from the confines of the white cotton towel. Just when it seemed her nipples might slip into view, she managed to stand upright with one hand tugging the towel back up and into place.
Through all of this, Danielle's voice could be heard describing the scene. "Actually Natalie, there's a good sized crowd gathered here. I'd say there are thirty to forty people waiting outside of the restaurant, and from what I can see through the door, another twenty or so inside."
At this point, several guys could be heard whistling and calling Lisa's name as the camera followed the intrepid reporter while she walked the twenty feet or so down the sidewalk to the entrance. Turning back to face the camera, she nonchalantly stated, "Well, let's see if my pizza is ready."
Two guys held the door open and Lisa stepped through. In adjusting her covering as she had emerged from the car, Lisa had ended up positioning the towel so it just barely covered her butt. And as she walked away from the camera, she seemed to give a little sway to her hips, each step revealing just the slightest hint of the bottom of her ass cheeks.
Now the broadcast switched to the camera inside the restaurant, where Lisa could be seen coming in through the door. It was a compact room, with three small tables on either side and an open center space about ten feet across. The tables were completely filled; there were two couples and the rest were groups of young men, beers and slices of pizza in front of them. The second camera team had requested that the six or eight customers standing near the counter move to the side, leaving a clear path for Lisa to walk from the door to the counter.
Realizing that no narration was needed at this point, Danielle ended her description of the scene, and the general buzz of the crowd subsided as Lisa approached the counter and was greeted by Tony. With the camera on her right side positioned next to the owner, Lisa looked straight ahead at the owner and calmly stated, "I'm here to pick up a pizza...large special with everything. For Lisa."
Tony took a few steps back and turned to grab a large box that was sitting on top of one of the ovens, and returned to the counter saying, "We've got it right here for you. That will be $25." All of this had been caught by Wayne's camera, pivoting to follow the owner and then back to Lisa as she was presented with the pizza.
Lisa reached out with one hand to take hold of the pizza while simultaneously, in a move that she had practiced numerous times at home, moved her other hand out of sight below the counter and quickly pulled down on the bottom left side of her towel. The effect was that as she extended her arm toward the pizza, the towel simply appeared to vanish.
Seconds earlier, back in the studio, they had cut to Steve's camera, which was positioned in the restaurant directly behind Lisa to catch all the action. The view was spectacular. The daring reporter could be seen standing completely naked, her entire backside visible to the viewing audience while the astonished counterman stared open-mouthed.
"Oh my, I was in such a hurry to get here, I appear to have rushed out without my wallet." She paused, then with a feigned look of shock, "and it looks like I forgot my clothes too. Oops!"
At this point, this crowd in the restaurant burst into spontaneous applause, punctuated by loud whistles. "Is everything okay?" Lisa continued calmly, placing the pizza box down on the counter.
Finally Tony seemed to regain his composure and managed to say, "Um, everything is fine, lady. And don't worry about the cash, tonight the pizza's on me."
The crowd had sprung to their feet as the cheering continued. Behind the counter, Wayne had directed his camera away from Lisa and toward Danielle, making sure it was focused on her and the exuberant customers around her. Jamal cued Danielle, who resumed speaking.
"Natalie, I'd say that Lisa has successfully completed the dare. Pizza delivered, and no charge!" With the camera focused on the clothed reporter, Lisa took the opportunity to turn and face the crowd, drawing an even louder array of shouts and whistles at the unobstructed sight of her breasts and pussy.
Steve and Jamal quickly repositioned themselves in between two tables opposite the dark-haired reporter and motioned to Lisa to turn away from them and face Danielle. This gave them a clear shot of the two women, Lisa in the middle of the room with her back to the camera and Danielle facing them against the far wall. Back in the studio, Natalie noticed the shot coming in from the second camera and signaled to switch back to the shot. Thus, Channel 4 viewers were treated to one more glorious shot of the Lisa's ass before her colleague held out a towel to the daring reporter, who carefully wrapped it around her naked body and turned back to face the camera.
Danielle, now standing next to Lisa, was ready to provide some closing comments. "Great job, Lisa, looks like you've done it again. How does it feel?"
"Pretty exciting, Danielle. In fact, my tummy's doing somersaults. I don't think I'll be able to eat this pizza right now."
"Well, let's take it back to my place and we can enjoy it there, Lisa. Thanks to Tony and his staff for allowing us to film here, and thanks to all of the Channel 4 viewers, and especially those here," Danielle added as she gestured to the crowd, "for joining us tonight."
With that, the broadcast returned to the studio where Natalie, Tim, and weather reporter Nicole Lewis had gathered at the news desk to wrap things up for the night.
"Fantastic work, Danielle, and of course, congratulations to Lisa for an outstanding performance," the anchorwoman pronounced.
"What can I say?" Tim added. "Amazing as always," as Nicole nodded her head in agreement.
While this exchange was occurring, Bill was barking orders through the earpieces to the two camera crews, telling them to move immediately outside to get one more shot of the crowds as the two reporters left their restaurant. "I'm going to cut back to one of you for the final fifteen seconds of the broadcast so I need you ready now."
In the days ahead, one theory offered by some viewers was that Danielle and Lisa thought the broadcast had ended and were unaware that the cameras were moving outside for a final shot. Another theory was that they had to know they were still on the air because Jamal and Angela had their camera lights turned on to illuminate the outdoor shot. If so, then perhaps what followed was deliberate.
Regardless of theories, the fact was that as the two reporters emerged together from the shop, they could see Steve's camera directly in front of them and Wayne pointing his camera at them from the side. Danielle was still holding the microphone and the pizza, and Lisa had been adjusting her towel when she noticed her trainer Marc and his partner Jeff in the group on the other side of the street. Without thinking, she raised both arms and waved to them to get their attention. Marc barely had time to shout "be careful, girl," when Lisa felt her towel unwrapping and sliding down her body.
In the studio, everyone was caught off guard. Bill had just told the control board operator to switch to Wayne's camera, which was positioned about fifteen feet to one side of the reporters, allowing viewers to see the two women as well as a good number of the cheering crowd standing beyond them. So when Lisa's towel unwound and fell to the ground, her breasts could be seen in perfect profile, the nipples erect in the chilly night air.
Desperate to kill the live feed, Bill didn't want to take the time to yell out the command to switch to Natalie at the news desk. Instead, he leaned across the control board and slammed the button that would cut back to the studio camera. The only problem was that the button he hit switched to Steve's camera, positioned ten feet directly in front of Lisa.
Lisa, treated to the wild applause outside the restaurant, laughed in good-natured embarrassment as she saw Marc giving her the "thumbs up" and joining the cheers of the crowd. Realizing that none of the people on the sidewalk had been able to see what had gone on inside the restaurant, and feeling the thrill of standing naked in front of them, she decided there was no reason to be in any great hurry to cover herself. Instead, the blonde reporter gave a casual shrug of her shoulders and called out, "Just wanted to make sure you all could see that I followed through on the dare!"
It was at that point that she happened to look directly ahead and noticed the glowing light on the top of Steve's camera. "Oh shit, we're on the air" was her only thought as she instinctively pulled her arms in, trying to cover her breasts with one hand while moving the other hand down to shield her pussy. At almost that exact moment, Bill finally found the correct switch and cut back to the studio. But not before the Channel 4 audience had been treated for a brief second to a whole new side of Lisa Marvell.
In a clip that was watched tens of thousands of times in slow motion on the internet, Lisa's nude body could be seen from the top of her head to the tips of her toes on the concrete sidewalk. Despite the blurred images, viewers could discern Lisa's pointed nipples set off against her round pink areolas centered on her perfectly symmetrical breasts. The hours in the gym with Marc had definitely paid off, as her flat tummy and well toned thighs were easily seen under Jamal's bright lights. And enough could be glimpsed before she was able to cover herself to suggest that Lisa was maintaining a neatly trimmed bush and that she was indeed a natural blonde.
Finally, with the camera switched back to the studio, the floor manager pointed to Natalie and mouthed the word "on." A clearly amused anchorwoman provided the final word, "Well it looks like our Lisa has done it again. I really can't wait to see what happens next, so don't forget to keep sending us those suggestions at lisamarvelldares@gmail.com. For now, good night and have a great weekend."
The studio grew quiet as the lights dimmed. Almost immediately, Bill rushed out onto the set groaning, "I can't believe that happen. Lisa must be terribly upset," he muttered.
It was Tim who walked up to him and threw an arm around his shoulder. "It was just an accident, chief. There's always that risk with Lisa's reports, and we all realize that. It's what helps to keep us all on our toes and makes this a better broadcast."
"And besides, read this," Natalie said, joining in the conversation and holding her cell phone over to the producer. "I just got a text from Lisa."
Bill started reading the message aloud: "Oops! Didn't expect that to happen but what a blast! Can't wait for next week."
"So, I don't think you have to worry about our precious daring reporter. And after all," she continued, "That was amazing TV just now. They'll be talking about it for weeks to come. The buzz on this is going to be great for our ratings."
"I'm sure you're right," Bill said. "And if you and Lisa are okay with this, who am I to try to stop it. After all," he continued, shaking his head with a smile, "you're in charge, Natalie."
(To be continued)