THE TEASER
Zach sat eating his lunch at the cafeteria, listening to Nick telling him things he already knew. Zach had learned that people like you better if you let them tell you things. Nick was telling Zach about the Show and Tell site.
"Don't open it where anybody can see you, because as soon as you hit the main page you're surrounded by pussy," Nick said. "Nothing but row after row of screenshot tiles. Naked girls spread and fingering themselves, fucking themselves with dildos, and some of them fucking themselves in the ass."
Zach looked around to make sure nobody was close enough to hear. This was all a bit much for a high school lunchroom, but there were only a few minutes left before bell, and they had the table to themselves. The tables on either side were empty. Nick was still talking.
"There's couples too; girls sucking a guy's cock; sitting on his face; eating out his ass. Guys fucking girls every which way; lesbians and threesomes. You can jerk off just looking at the front page, but when you pick one tile and click through, you're into live streaming video. They're actually doing it, right there, right at the moment."
Zach popped in with a question. People like you better if you ask questions when you're letting them tell you things you already know. "How much does it cost to watch? I can't pay membership fees. Every dollar I get from the Burger Buddy job goes straight to room and board. My parents started charging me the day I turned eighteen."
"Zach, man that sucks. I bet that was the evil stepmother's idea. But Show and Tell is free; no charge. Go into any room and watch all you like. The girls work for tips, but you only tip if you like what you see, or want the girl to do something special for you. There's usually a bunch of rich guys tipping like crazy, and you get to hang out and watch. But if you got twenty bucks handy, you can buy tipgeld and go wild. Some of the girls stop in the middle and won't go on until they get enough tips in."
"Geez, Nick. They sound like regular old whores. That's not my scene." Zach was wondering if Nick had found his way to the good stuff.
"Now listen. You're right, Zach, a lot of them are there just for the money and it shows. They're just going through the motions to make the paying customers happy. but some of the girls are there because they really get off on being watched. Sometimes they like watching guys stroke themselves at the same time. You'll always see a lot of those guys in the chat sidebar, typing 'I'm hard and ready. Watch me come for you.'"
Zach didn't say "I'm one of those guys."
Nick kept talking. "Y'know what's really neat? If the girl is there to get herself off, and she comes really hard, as soon as she catches her breath she'll reach up and turn off the cam. Because she wasn't faking. She really came. She wasn't putting on a show and faking it. She came and she was done playing and she wasn't hanging around to beg for more tips, so she just turned the cam off. She doesn't need to be there again until the next time she's horny and needs someone to watch her come."
Zach popped in with another question that he already knew the answer to. "How do I find the girls like that?"
"I found a trick. Hit the End key to get all the way to the bottom of the main screen, read through all the legal junk, and find 'site map'. Click on that, and you'll be at an index of subcategories. Most of them are age ranges, but there's one marked 'Exhibitionists' and those are the users who do it for free. Some are couples, and that's pretty cool, and some are guys, and those are all the guys who want the girls to watch them jerk off, and some are trans, but you can click through to just the women. That's your gold mine."
Zach didn't say it, but he was glad that Nick had finally started saying 'women' instead of 'girls'. It was more respectful that way, and all of them were over eighteen. Some of them way over eighteen. Which was pretty cool too.
"Listen." Nick was getting excited as he talked. Zach was glad the lunch table was hiding Nick's groin. He didn't want to know if Nick was getting a hard-on.
"Listen, Zach. There's this one woman, she's really special. Young like us, but totally ripe and ready. You never get to see her eyes, because she wears a TMNT mask, but you always know it's her because she's got a great big tattoo of a goat-man with a hard-on. It's on her right arm, just over her wrist. You can't miss it."
Zach didn't say "It's a satyr. Man up top, goat legs and hooves below. Greek mythology."
"Listen, Zach. She's hot. She's totally into getting off, completely focused. And she loves to watch guys jerking off to her. If you're really lucky, she'll pick you and watch your cam and she'll come when you come."
Zach didn't say "That's Brianna, my stepsister."
A MONTH EARLIER
Brianna marched out of her bedroom, snapped the door shut, turned left, walked six feet, and rapped on her brother's door. She was loud, she was forceful, she was assertive. She was wearing her 'Take Charge' attitude.
There was no response. She could hear a tinny sound of moaning, and a desk chair squeaking. She knocked harder, and kept it up. Her parents' bedroom was on the other side of the living room, with closed hall doors on both sides. They wouldn't hear her, but eventually Zachary would figure it out.
The tinny moans and groans stopped. She heard a laptop lid close, then the sound of the desk chair pushing back, and there was a pause. It was about as long as a person would need to pull his pants up, zip the zipper, and fasten his belt. She felt his footsteps move the floor under her feet as he walked to the door and opened it.
Zach was wearing his 'Bitch, This Better Be Important' attitude, with his arms crossed over his chest, his forearms and biceps and his neck were all tensed to show off his pumped wrestler's muscles. There was a pair of earbuds in his ears, and the cord was hanging down loose.
Brianna started talking before he could get a word in. "Those are NOT the headphones I gave you on our birthday."
"But I'm wearing earbuds. What difference does it make?"
"The difference is that the headphones I gave you seal completely around the ear. Those earbuds you're wearing let sound out. If you were wearing the headphones, you wouldn't hear me talking to you right now, and you wouldn't hear me knocking on your door, and I wouldn't be hearing the things YOU are listening to, and so we wouldn't be having this conversation."
Zach tried to interrupt, but she cut him off.
"Nope, don't try to talk your way around this one. That wall, right behind your desk, is MY bedroom wall, and it is the cheapest, thinnest construction the builders could get away with. Whatever happens in your bedroom gets through loud and clear to my bedroom, and I don't like it."
"You just don't like me," Zach whined. "Ever since I moved in, you've treated me like dirt."
"I don't hate you," Brianna answered. "But you haven't given me any reason to like you, either. Before you came, I was fine in this bedroom. I was fine in this house. It was just me and my mom. And we were happy."
"When my dad was here, things were bad. When she kicked his sorry ass out, and divorced him, things got better. Then suddenly she meets your dad, they bang a few times, and right away they marry each other and she moves him into this house and you with him."
"I didn't ask for a stepfather, but now I've got one. And I didn't ask for a stepbrother either, and yet here you are. And you are messy in the bathroom. And you are noisy. And when you watch porn in there, I have to hear it; and I don't want to hear it."
Zach finally got a word in. "Hey! Guys watch porn. It's what we do. And it's none of your fucking business."
"It's my business when I can't escape from it. You've got a sexuality, sure, fine. I've got a sexuality. Our parents have their own sexualities. Principal Weatherbee in the Archie comics has a sexuality. But they don't go around forcing other people to witness it. You've got your Japanese B&D porn with a woman dressed up like a schoolgirl, and three men tie her up and strip her and rub her pussy against her will while she cries and tries to resist. Then suddenly she's liking it and her crying changes into moaning, and meanwhile I can't escape hearing it."
Brianna was on a roll. "So what did I do about it? Did I say 'Stop beating off to rape scenes?' No. Because they're all consenting actors and you've got a right to masturbate to whatever you want to. So we had a birthday party. It should have been special. It should have been my eighteenth birthday party, and I would have been surrounded by my friends, and I would have had a blast."
"But now we're a blended family. I've got a stepbrother named Zachary, and he was born the same day I was, and suddenly everybody is calling us step-twins, and it's your party too. Then your friends are there too, and all sorts of relatives on your dad's side who couldn't care less about me turning eighteen. So I gave you a birthday gift to show that it's all okay. I gave you an expensive pair of headphones. Now wear them, or I'll fucking shove them up your ass."
Zach had gone from embarrassed to angry to ashamed to miserable, and looked like he was about to cry. Brianna knew that she was about to cry. She gently closed Zach's door and walked back to her bedroom. She went in and curled up on her bed and felt miserable. She could hear Zach through the wall as he sat back down in his squeaky chair. The squeaks became rhythmic. He was masturbating again, but he must be wearing the headphones, because she couldn't hear the porn soundtrack.
It was an improvement. Maybe things could get better. Maybe Zach could be trained into courtesy. With any luck, he'd never figure that the headphones gave HER privacy too. While he wears them, he won't hear the noises she makes during her cam shows. She would still be able to do the shows.
Tomorrow she would offer to oil Zach's squeaky chair.
THE SHOW
It was a dark and stormy afternoon. Brianna pulled her car into the driveway, reached for the garage door remote that wasn't there, cursed, then pulled onto the asphalt pad off to the side. It used to be just Brianna and Mom sharing the garage. Mom parked her car on the left, Brianna parked on the right. Then Mom had to go and fall in love and get married and blend the family. Zach's dad parked in the right side of the garage now. Brianna and Zach had to leave their cars outside.
Brianna turned off the wipers, turned off the headlights, and turned off the engine. The rain was sheeting down. She'd have to walk through it, then come in through the back porch door. If she could have parked in the garage, she could have stayed dry. But no. There wasn't even anybody parked in the garage right now. Both parents were at work, and stepbrother Zach had his after-school job at the Burger Buddy. Brianna had come straight home after school. She was crazy-horny. For hours she'd been desperate to finish the school day, rush home, strip her clothes off, and turn on her webcam for a show.
Brianna came through the back door into the mudroom. She closed her umbrella and stuck it in the umbrella rack. She hung her wet coat on a hook, then sat down on the bench to untie her wet shoes and leave them on a mat to dry. She dashed through the kitchen, into the bedroom hall, into the bathroom, pulled her shirt over head, and threw it on the floor. She reached back and unhooked her bra, freed her breasts, dropped the bra on the floor too. Then she realized her mistake.
Once upon a time she could be casual about being undressed. There was her, there was Mom, and there wasn't anybody she needed to cover up for. Just because Zach wasn't in the house right now, didn't mean he wouldn't be there when it was time to stroll from the bathroom to her bedroom. She pulled her shirt back on so she could grab her robe from the bedroom. While she was there, she pulled one of the temp tattoos from their box, and brought it into the bathroom with her.
She pulled off her shirt again and tried to figure out what it was about her breasts that the men liked. They were completely out of proportion. She wore an A cup, or a shallow B at the largest, depending on brand. Champagne-glass shaped, which was supposed to look really hot on Marie Antoinette before she got her head chopped off. But her nipples didn't seem to go with her breasts at all. The surrounds were really dark, which made no sense at all with her pale, pale skin. When she pinched or rubbed her nipples, they grew noticeably puffy, especially from the profile view. There wasn't anybody in Hollywood or in porn with boobs like hers. Weird.
She wasn't short enough to look elfin, or tall enough to, well... just not tall enough to stand out. She didn't have enough ass to twerk. She didn't have anything working for her.
Brianna pulled down her underpants and stepped out of them. She congratulated her panty-liner on doing its job. She'd never actually felt wet, just horny, but sure enough, her body had been getting ready and making its own lubricant. Always a good sign.
Now she was feeling frantic with randiness, her heart pounding away. She forced herself to slow down, run the shower, step in, lather up her washcloth, and cleaned from her toes to the top of her thighs, and then rinse. Now she re-soaped the washcloth and cleaned from the tips of her fingers to her armpits, and then her breasts, tweaking and pulling on her nipples for a moment, and then rinse. She soaped the washcloth a third time, scrubbed her remaining pubes (a barely-there fuzzy landing strip), her butt cheeks, and her vulva. She used her fingers to stretch her labia out straight, soaped up, and rinsed. (Another weird thing the guys went nuts over. Who knew that long, stretchy labia would be a drawing point?) Finally she soaped and rinsed her ass-crack and her anus, poking the tip of the washcloth in just enough to make sure it came out clean.
Off went the water. Out of the shower stall she came, rubbing and blotting with two towels. Next was the temporary tattoo of the satyr. He was a really cute looking guy above the waist (brown curly hair on his chest, pointy ears, wicked grin) and his legs were hairy and goat-like and ended in hooves. His cock was erect and enormously out of proportion, extending like a baseball bat. She made sure to align the tattoo on her forearm, with the two feet just touching the joint of her wrist, and the head and cock-head jutting halfway to her elbow. It's amazing what you can buy online if you're determined. At two per week, she had enough left in the box to last three years.
Brianna hung her towels on the towel bars, pulled on her robe, picked up her dirty laundry, and finally made it into her bedroom. Her computer insta-booted (yay for solid state hard drives!) and she logged in to her room on Show and Tell. She opened her goodies drawer (combination lock for the win!) and decided on the blue mask today. It was just a strip of cloth with eye-slits, and she'd found them at a post-Halloween sale. They were supposed to go with some Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles costumes. She tossed her robe at the hamper and adjusted her mask so she could see out, but they couldn't see enough of her face to recognize her.
Mask in place, she put the webcam in it's usual spot, and set up the computer where she could read the screen and type on the keyboard (when she got a hand free). There were already 84 users in her room waiting, and she hadn't even turned on the video yet. She looked around the room. The door was locked. The lighting was good. The mic was good. Her speakers were set to off, so there wouldn't be any feedback. She picked up the little finger-sized vibe. She had plenty of natural lube going, and wouldn't need any from a bottle.
Brianna sat on the edge of her bed. Her legs were primly together. The camera preview showed her from the waist up. Her hair dangled straight, wet from the shower. Her tattoo was prominent on her arm, so everyone would know that if they ever met a girl with a tattoo like that on her arm, she was the girl from the webcam. Her breasts were as good as they ever got.
She typed ARE YOU GUYS READY FOR A SHOW? and turned on her camera. Her chat sidebar went nuts. 114 guys looking at her, and more jumping into the room faster than she could figure out which names she recognized.
DO IT ALREADY BITCH someone typed. Oops. Assistants needed. I NEED THREE EXPERIENCED TROLLCOPS she typed. Volunteers raised their digital hands, and she picked three and gave them privileges to kick and temp-ban unappreciative asswipes.
Brianna never talked during a show, she only typed. The mic was for the noises that came out of her mouth when she was too deep into the show to know it. She turned on the minivibe and rubbed the tip around her left nipple. It puffed up. It was a pity her breasts weren't large enough for her to lick or suck on her own nipples. Guys just ate that up.
She ran the vibe around her right nipple. It felt like there was an electrical connection between her nipple and her clit. She'd touch the vibe here, and feel it down there. This was not going to be one of those long, languorous, drawn-out shows. She was going to come hard and fast, and soon.
WHO HAS CAMS? ARE THERE FOUR VOLUNTEERS TO STROKE OFF FOR ME WHILE I PLAY WITH MYSELF? Of course there were. The chat sidebar when nuts again. She clicked on four names at random. You never know what you'll get. Hunky guys with big cocks; flabby guys with bigger cocks; old grandpapas; boys who turned 18 that day, with electronic proof; priests wearing their collars and nothing else; men in uniform; men in lace panties. What they all had in common was that they were looking at her body and rubbing their cocks while they thought about her.
Brianna loved cocks, and she loved being appreciated, and she loved the expressions on their faces as they came closer and closer to orgasm. She loved to watch their chests drip with sweat. She loved their nipple rings and tattoos. She was pulled back on the bed now, legs spread, and the cam catching her fingers as she slowly stretched her lips out long, let them snap back, and slowly tugged them out again.
She used the vibe to circle around the entrance to her vagina, then on her mound as near her clit as she could stand it, then lightly on her asshole, which loosened slightly to let the tip in. She was focused in on herself, and out at her monitors with the pretty guys all pulling on their cocks for her. She was ready to fuck herself, and just in time she remembered that the vibe was dirty from her ass. She dropped it to the floor and grabbed the dildo that lay waiting ready. This one was made of glass and had a tiny heater sunk into it, to bring it to body temperature, powered by a plug connected to a wall-wart. She pulled out the plug and was ready to penetrate, then realized there was a problem.
One of the four windows on her screen was blank. Bottom right corner. The guy was gone. Maybe he had come already. Maybe he had been caught by wife or girlfriend or cop or monsignor. But three cocks wasn't enough. Four would be right. She reached for her keyboard. She clicked on a name. One of the regulars, but she knew nothing about him, and had never watched him stroke his cock. YOU. IF YOU FEEL LIKE SHOWING, TURN YOUR CAM ON FOR ME.
She lay on her back again, pressed the warm head of the glass dildo just at the opening to her vagina, and then solidly pushed it in. She held it in for a barely conscious count of three, pulled it nearly out, then pushed it back inside her body. She gripped it with her pelvic muscles (yay kegels!) and squeezed and held. She could feel the build as she looked up at the screen. Yikes. This won't do at all. Bottom right corner was nothing but cockhead and fist filling the window.
She sat up to type again. YOU. PULL YOUR CAMERA BACK. I WANT FACES, NOT JUST COCKS. She could see the guy's hand letting go of his cock to adjust the camera, or his position, or something. She leaned back again, closed her eyes, and started the rhythmic penetration pattern that worked best for her.
Her whole body clenched tight, and clenched harder. She drew in her breath, held it, moaned it out. Her hips bucked, while her hand had gone to automatic and she wasn't aware of it at all. Her eyes opened enough to see the four guys on the screen thrashing their cocks and spurting come into the air. The wave carried her higher. She thrashed, she screamed, she reached her high point, and kept going higher. She cracked opened her eyes again. She got a good look at last at the face of bottom right.
It was Zach, her step-twin.
Her orgasm just kept going and going.
When she caught her breath, she sat up and turned off the cam.