Author's Note: This is a rewrite of a previous story. The events are real, based on my own exhibitionist experiences...
*
What is an exhibitionist?
Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary defines an exhibitionist as: "one who engages in or is addicted to exhibitionism..."
Addicted?
Can people actually be addicted to exposing themselves?
In order to answer that, I think we need to look to Merriam-Webster's definition of exhibitionism itself: "A disorder characterized by a compulsion to exhibit the genitals in public."
To put it together from the definition, it would be logical to conclude that an exhibitionist is someone who has a disorder, compulsion, or is addicted to showing their genitals in public.
As a recovering exhibitionist I can say with complete authority that there is much more to it than Webster's clinical characterization.
I have yet to experience anything this universe offers more exhilarating than walking around completely, totally, barefoot, butt naked in broad daylight—the more public the place, the better.
Unfortunately, the authorities don't agree with me on this point. In 2002 I was arrested walking naked through a college parking lot. Now branded for life, this single incident ended a naked in public career that spanned over 15 years.
I can no longer get a decent job or even live in an apartment complex requiring a background check.
I never claimed to be a particularly intelligent exhibitionist.
Since I can no longer practice my "addiction," I've decided to share my tales with those less fortunate.
Surely, there must be thousands who fantasize about stepping out of the doorway in the nude to retrieve the morning paper, but who for their own reasons, have never dared it.
What follows are some examples of the types of experiences I've had and I hope that you will consider these humble offerings as insight into the breathless world of the exhibitionist. And though I am now bound to convention and can no longer venture "outside," perhaps dear reader, you can.
As an exhibitionist I had rules: never under any circumstances would I intentionally show myself to anyone under the age of eighteen, never force myself on anyone who was unwilling to look, and never attempt any form of physical contact with anyone, unless they initiated it.
Assaulting people wasn't my thing. Under these circumstances, I actually got one or two positive reactions to my nudity.
One Colorado summer for example, I was walking along a secluded path by a river, dressed in shorts and shoes.
It was very hot that day and as always on hot days, I felt that inescapable compulsion to strip off and go naked.
Quickly stepping out of my shorts, I tossed them in the bushes and marked the spot for later retrieval.
Since there was nobody in sight I figured I wouldn't have any trouble. Now totally nude, save for my shoes, I continued along savoring the sun on my naked body.
While the public nudity itself offered a small sexual thrill, it didn't mean that I needed to blatantly jack off in someone's face—at least not yet.
I'd gone maybe a football field walking behind the high hedges to my left, when I decided to turn back, not wanting to push it.
I could hear the traffic on the other side of the bushes and if I kept on, I'd be soon be exposed to it. As I turned around to head back to the place where my shorts were hidden, my heart stopped in chest.
There were two young women on bicycles approaching me from the opposite direction.
They were between my shorts and me and I was trapped, naked, with nothing to cover myself with. All I could do was continue on and act like nothing was out of place.
My heart pounded as my mind raced through the possible scenarios and explanations. I hoped that maybe they would just pass me by, but that didn't happen.
Stopping about 10 feet from me, the girl closest gawked, open-mouthed and demanded to know what I was doing. The girl behind her remained silent and wide-eyed.
Now, through my experiences, I have discovered that it's difficult to lie to someone when you're naked. I don't know if this is a universal truth or not, but it's true for me.
Attempting to explain my situation, I told them that I was a nudist, (true) and loved experiencing the freedom of being naked outdoors, also true.
The second girl then spoke up and asked me if I was aware that what I was doing was illegal. Well, yes, I had to admit that I understood that of course, but I hadn't really expected to encounter anyone.
I wasn't out to intentionally offend anybody, I'd just wanted to take a short walk in the sunshine, and then I was going to put my shorts back on—which was also true.
Pointing to the bushes where my shorts lay about 50 yards from us, I'd hoped to confirm to the girls that I was telling the truth and that I wasn't a threat to them.
I hadn't set out to flash them. They'd taken me by surprise. Of course I shouldn't have been surprised in the first place; I had been walking along a public path completely nude after all.
Note to the purists out there...okay I wasn't completely nude I was wearing shoes.
A tense moment of silence followed while the girls studied me, trying to determine my motivation.
I was afraid that they would call the police or something and was beginning to sweat it big time. It was obvious that they weren't quite happy about this and figured I was in trouble here.
Without warning the quiet one burst into laughter.
I let out my breath in relief and they both smiled.
With the ice broken, they stayed on for a few minutes, asking me all kind of questions about how often I did this, did I get off on it, etc.
Standing there naked in front of the girls like that was beginning to affect me and my cock grew. Not wanting to appear a pervert, I tried hard to think about other things—my grandmother, my dog, but it was no use.
The fact that the girls were noticing my situation didn't help matters either. I desperately tried to steer the situation in another direction to no avail.
My cock won out and I soon sported a full-blown erection. The girls stared at my erection as we talked and I was so excited that I couldn't help occasionally reaching down to lightly touch myself.
They seemed to become uncomfortable with this however and departed, leaving me naked on the path.
As they pedaled off, I quickly scanned the area to make sure there would be no more surprises, and then stroked myself hurriedly orgasm spraying cum on the pavement as I watched them disappear, hoping that they would look back, but they never did.
This experience was awesome, but not typical for me. Most of the time being caught wasn't nearly this well received.
In fact the handful of times I've been cold busted, were marked with anything from dirty looks and threats to being chased in my car. Once I even had to run away naked from the waist down.
Before my arrest, I was a member of numerous websites where people post pictures of themselves naked in public, and mine were among some of the most daring.
I have taken pictures of myself naked in the parking lots of stores, inside post offices, crossing streets, on the sides of freeways with cars passing by...you name it, and I've done it¾all completely naked and in broad daylight.
As for the addictive side of it, I would have to agree with Webster's. My want to go naked got progressively worse over time.
At the end of my career, my boldness overrode my ass so to speak, and I was taking stupid chances.
On a trip across the US one summer, I drove completely naked, only donning my shorts when I had to get gas. Even then, at a remote gas station in Wyoming, I slipped of my shorts, finished pumping, walked naked around my car and got in. There were a few other people standing around, but by this time, I had gotten so bold as not to care.
At times I felt invincible.
Once, I came out of a gas station in Nevada, slipped off my shorts and walked the rest of the way to my car fully nude.
Another time at a crowded rest stop on Interstate 80, I parked my car about twenty yards from a phone booth. The booth stood alone, exposed to both the parking area and the freeway.
In the booth I slid my shorts down and kicked them off, standing naked for about five minutes.
At this point I was so excited that I walked the entire way completely naked back to my car, masturbating as I went.
Reaching my vehicle, I wasn't ready to end it yet, so I moved around behind it and sat on the trunk, jerking off to the passing traffic.
One woman even turned her head to look as she sped by, as if trying to figure out if she was really seeing a naked man masturbating on his car.
My exhibitionism was addictive all right...and like any addiction left unchecked...it got me into a world of trouble. I have a police record now because of it and it has returned a few times to bite me in the ass.
While I don't recommend going around naked to anyone due to the possible legal consequences, I can say this: there is no better drug than exposing oneself naked in public.
There were times when I was so turned on I could hardly breathe because my heart was pounding so hard from the adrenaline rush.
Webster's is right in a way, and wrong in another. Exhibitionism can be an addiction—but it's about much more than simply showing your genitals to people.
It's about the raw exhilaration, the sheer terrifying excitement that comes from being naked and exposed. It's about knowing that you're too far away from your clothes to turn back, it's about the feeling you get moments before you know you're going to get caught, when every nerve screams to your brain.
It's that indescribable, surreal quality of conversing totally nude with a startled onlooker.
It's being the center of attention as the only naked person at party or in the park in front of a group of clothed people.
Most of all though, I think it's about getting in touch with the emotion that we try so hard to ignore—vulnerability.
To be naked is to be vulnerable. But to be naked in public is about as vulnerable as it gets.
An exhibitionist lives for those rare times when things come together. The ultimate fantasy for me was to be caught naked and masturbating in a public place without any negative repercussions.
It happened to me once a long time ago.
In 1984, I was in a train station in Germany at about three o'clock in the morning.
Drunk, I walked into the women's empty restroom by mistake. Being an opportunist and helped by the alcohol, I stripped off all of my clothes in a stall and masturbated on the toilet.
Peeping out with cock in hand, I saw the place was still deserted— so I got bold.
Walking right out of the stall, barefoot naked, I stood in front of the mirror, watching myself stroke.
The feeling was indescribable, standing there on the cold tile watching myself in the mirror with the sounds of the train station in my ears.
In fact, I'd gotten so caught up in what I was doing that I hadn't noticed the woman on the far end of the restroom walk in.
But she noticed me.
Way too far gone at this point to even care, I pumped my cock and came hard, spurting gobs of cum all over the sink, the floor and myself.
My knees gave out and I groaned, falling forward, just able to catch myself with one hand on the edge of the sink as I finished squeezing out the last few drops in ecstasy, knowing the whole time that she was standing there watching.
Then the woman rushed out and so did I.
Grabbing my clothes in the stall, I pulled on my pants, shirt and shoes and hauled ass out of there—leaving my underwear and socks behind.
Thankfully, nothing ever came of that incident.
Luck plays a big part in the successful career of an exhibitionist.
At some point however, it runs out for all of us.
These days, I have my stories. It's a safe way to walk down the street naked or jerk off in a crowded bar.
In retrospect, I think that Webster's must be forgiven for putting such a cold moniker on exhibitionism.
After all, how can you define the myriad of feelings that surround it in a few sentences? Or expect someone who's never masturbated for a crowd to understand what it's truly like?
Based on my own experience I would define exhibitionism as the ultimate thrill and the exhibitionist the ultimate thrill seeker.
I have many more experiences to share, but that will depend on how well these are received.
Again, I never try to intentionally assault anyone.
Until then, I will be making more appearances and perhaps you will see me...in my stories.
Exhibitionism is still taboo in our society, that's what makes it so exciting.
Joe