Claire and I walk in the park at dusk. The sun has completely set over the trees, but there is still a little bit of light filling the sky in the west. The eastern sky has already succumbed to night. We walk holding hands, not saying anything. In the park there is a trail through the woods with benches scattered here and there. It is late July in Kansas, so even though the sun has gone down for the most part, the temperature hasn't really dropped but a few degrees and the air is still humid. We aren't walking fast, but still I can feel sweat forming on my back.
I let go of Claire's hand as I do too often and end up walking a few steps ahead of her. I love my wife, but she has to be the slowest person on the planet. I turn around to wait for her and she smiles at me with her soft, luscious lips. In the dying light, I can see her boobs jiggle as she walks despite the sports bra she has on. She has great big, tan breasts. The kind that make guys stare. The kin that will never be secure enough despite the efforts of the best and most expensive bra. The kind that cause her to always have cleavage even in clothes not cut for it. I've never decided if I am a tits man or an ass man. When I look at her tits, I'm a tits man. When I look at her ass, I'm an ass man. She catches up to me and a sliver of light shines through a hole in the trees like a spotlight on her breasts. I can see sexy little droplets of sweat beading on them because of her low cut sporty tank top. She has the perfect amount of sweat going—the kind where it is sexy and not just sweaty. Her skin shines and glistens.
"You look sexy like that," I tell her.
"Like what?" she asks and kisses me on the lips.
"With your skin all shiny with sweat," I say when she breaks off the kiss.
"Thanks honey," she says and walks toward a nearby bench. "Your junk looks good in those shorts."
Her compliment goes straight to my penis and it perks up eager for more. I walk over to the bench to join her. We sit down and I put my arm around her. We enjoy the sound of the night. The slow breeze rustles the leaves above us, but it is too high and there are too many trees for any wind to cool us off. Summer insects chirp and whir around us. Down the trail a few lights turn on way later than they probably should. The lamp next to our bench seems to have burnt out. I put my arm around her and stroke her hair. She rests her hand on my thigh. We sit like that for several minutes. Then, she turns and kisses me again. We don't break off the kiss this time and soon her tongue is dancing with mine. Her hand on my thigh finds its way to my dick and slowly strokes it through my shorts. I pull my arm from around and squeeze her breast and she turns more towards me.
"Mmm," she moans into my mouth as we continue to kiss.
I work her breast for a moment before letting my hand fall first to her thigh and then to her crotch. I cup it in my hand and squeeze her mound. She moans again. I can feel the heat of her excitement through her sport shorts. The fabric is tight across her pussy and I can feel her camel toe. I run my finger up and down the slit and she moans deeply into me as we continue to kiss. She's still gently stroking my cock, but it's absent minded as I play with her. I pull my hand away from her crotch and I feel her body slump with a moment of disappointment, but it tenses up again when I plunge my hand down her shorts and underwear. Her pussy is already very wet and I finger her, thrusting two fingers in and out of her tight pussy. I know she won't come this way, so I switch to swirling my fingers around her clit and rubbing it up and down. She grinds her hips into my hand and she comes moaning into our kisses. I take my hand out of her pants and she grabs it raising it to her lips. She gently sucks her juices off each finger. She rubs her lips up and down each one and moves them in and out like she's giving them a blowjob. My heart races even faster. My dick is throbbing in my pants and she knows it.
"You're turn," she says and sticks her hands in my pants and gives my hard dick a good squeeze.
Then she takes her hand out and pulls my pants down exposing my cock to the world. It stands straight up and twitches once in excitement and anticipation. She strokes it and I play with her tits. Emboldened by my dick out, I start to lift her tank top over her head. She stops jerking me off and pulls it the rest of the way off. I undo her bra and her tits fall out into the air. She slips off the bench onto her knees and places her tits around my cock and rubs them all over it. She squeezes them together and I rock my hips up and down fucking the warm and still glistening avenue between her gorgeous tits. After a minute and several moans from me, she lets her tits fall again and takes me in her mouth. She sucks on my head and swirls her tongue around spreading my pre-cum. Her lips seal firmly around my shaft and she bobs her head up and down on it. When I start to get close, I put my hand on her head in warning. She stops immediately and I'm denied release.
"Now fuck me," she says and stands.
I stand up too, but we both freeze as we see them at the same time. There's another couple a little ways down the trail. They've clearly seen us, but are standing a little bit to the side. Almost as if they are trying to hide, but we can see them better than they can see us because of the working lamp nearer them. She has her hands on one of her breasts and her other hand down his pants. He's got a hand behind her back, presumably on her ass, and the other is down her pants. They too freeze when they realize we see them.
"Don't stop now," Claire says and I sigh heavily with arousal.
I pull down her shorts and panties and bend her over the bench. She spreads her feet and thrusts her ass out even more. I spread her ass to better see her wet pussy and thrust my dick into her. She moans loudly—loud enough that the other couple is sure to hear. My hard dick slips in and out of her and the sound of me pounding her mixes with both our moans and the now audible moans of the other couple. I see that Claire is looking over at them as she takes it from behind. I follow her eyes to the other couple and see that she's on her knees blowing him. The sight of it spurs me on and I fuck her faster and harder while they watch us and we watch them.
"Oh, yes, Jake. This is perfect," Claire says and starts to play with her clit. It doesn't take but a moment and she says, "I'm going to cum so hard."
She screams as she starts to shudder with the ecstasy of the orgasm. I see the other man has his dick out of her mouth and is stroking it about ready to give her a facial. With one hard thrust and grunt I erupt and can feel cum shoot out of me in three great spurts as I come deep in her pussy. After I pull out, Claire whirls around and kisses me before we both pull our pants back up. We look down the trail and the other couple is already walking back the way they came. We turn and walk away too holding hands.