I needed to write down exactly what happened during our recent holiday, as my wife and I are still talking about it every night. Documenting our escapades brings back the excitement of what we experienced and extends the amazing rush even more.
So to introduce ourselves, I'm Scott. I'm twenty-five and work as a store manager for a well-known retail outlet. My wife Laura is twenty-three and on maternity leave at the moment from her job with a national bank. We have one daughter, Charlotte, who is now approaching six months old and is as busy keeping us broke and tired as most first-time parents. We married in 2020, just as the pandemic started causing havoc in the UK, and since then, we have settled into married life and, more recently, the boring routine of a new family.
So to tell you about our week away, Laura's parents have a small two-bedroom holiday cottage in Norfolk, and they suggested that it would be good for all of us if we spent a week with them relaxing at the cottage. They could help with looking after Charlotte, and Laura and I could spend some quality time together. It was a great idea, and we were very grateful to them for suggesting it, as Laura and I don't have the money for fancy holidays at the moment, and this was a fantastic opportunity.
We arrived at the cottage and got settled in. Laura and I set up Charlotte's cot in our room, and we all went to the local supermarket to get a few nice snacks and some drinks. The plan was not to have a plan, just to take things easy each day as they came.
On the first night, we went to bed tired. Charlotte had settled down, and Laura and I lay in bed chatting. I started to rub her tummy and, before long, shifted up to her lactating breasts, as I was feeling rather horny. Our sex life had taken a backseat since the birth of Charlotte, and being away from home, I think we both felt a little more relaxed and in need of some naughty fun.
We began to quietly play with each other. Laura jerked my cock, and I lowered my hand to her trimmed pussy and began to finger her increasingly wet pussy. We had to be so quiet as her parents were in the very next room, and, of course, we didn't want to wake Charlotte. Things escalated as we began to get hornier, and eventually I reached for the bedside cabinet and a condom. Laura had not yet returned to the pill since having Charlotte, and so condoms are our only birth control.
I slipped on the condom and then slowly pushed into Laura from behind. As I slowly fucked, Laura became more and more turned on; she was whispering to me that she wanted fucking hard and encouraged me to reach around and massage her milky tits as I ploughed her pussy.
Laura has always been quite active in the bedroom and has a naughty side, and I think it was the proximity of her parents that made our activity feel more naughty, more risky, shall we say, and it was this that was spurring Laura on to a lovely hard orgasm as I filled the condom.
Then the next day was a family day spent with her parents, and we visited a few local tourist attractions and then returned to the cottage late in the afternoon. Laura's mom suggested that they look after Charlotte for a short while, and Laura and I could take a ride down to the beach and watch the sunset for a bit of relaxing time on our own. Perfect, we thought, and we jumped into the car and made our way to the coast a short distance away.
When we parked up in a beachside car park, we were virtually the only cars due to the time of day. Most day trippers had left, and I had also chosen to park at the farthest point of the car park, where there were hedges to the rear side and a gap through to the sea, so that when backed up to the hedge, we had a great view from the car. We had been parked a little while when I said to Laura, I feel like a teenager on a first date, enjoying the privacy and alone time of being in the car. Our car was rather full of luggage, a pushchair, Charlotte's toys strewn on the back seat, and general family clutter.
I reached over to Laura, and we began to kiss, lovingly at first but soon turning more full-on passionate. We were both turned on by the situation, being in public, and making out. It was not long before I freed Laura's breasts from her top, and she had my cock out. She leant over from the seat and began to give me an amazing blowjob. I sat back in my seat and stared out to sea as her head bobbed up and down on my very hard cock.
As she continued, I was playing with her tits and forcing my hand down the back of her skirt and into her knickers, reaching right under her to find her very wet pussycat. We were really getting more and more into it, and I suddenly looked to my side as I thought I saw movement outside, and sure enough, there was a guy standing there, maybe only ten feet away, looking at the live sex show that was unfolding in front of him. Laura could not see him as she was still eagerly milking my cock for all she was worth, but she did sense me tensing up and looked up to say, "What's up, honey?"
I told her someone was watching, expecting her to panic and quickly put my cock away, but she amazed me by simply saying, "Good, I hope they enjoy the view." She put her head back in my lap and continued sucking my leaking cock. Laura's reaction really turned me on, and I found myself looking at the guy that was watching us and intentionally raising Laura's skirt so that he could see her arse and also see my fingers jammed in her cunt.
The guy watched for a couple more minutes, releasing his own cock and jerking while watching. He then walked around the car to the other side, where Laura was sitting, and peered in the passenger window to get a great view of Laura sucking my cock and also her large tits swinging as she bobbed up and down. I told Laura that our 'friend' was now on her side of the car, and she moaned and sat up a little so she could see the guy. She gave him a naughty wink and then deliberately leaned forward, giving him a great view of her lovely milky tits, as she jerked my cock, making me cum a huge load all over her tits, her top, and up to her chin.
The guy wanked furiously at the sight of my wife's cum covered tits and blew his load onto the grass at the side of the car. He then quickly put his cock away and scurried back into the bushes. Wow, we were both so turned on by the experience. All the way back to the cottage, we talked about how hot it had been. Before going in, Laura had to try and wipe my cum from her clothes so her parents wouldn't notice, and she went straight into the bathroom to shower and clean herself up before dinner.
At dinner, Laura's parents asked if we had enjoyed the sunset, and we both had naughty grins on our faces as we said yes, it was really great; there were some amazing views. We finished our dinner, and in bed that night, we were whispering to each other about what we had done. It turned us both on recounting how the guy had seen Laura's pussy and her cum-covered tits, and how she had seen his erect cock and watched him jerk as he blew his load. We both knew that this was going to be a fun week, and we both also knew that we were going to do it again. The thrill was just amazing. I got such a rush from exposing my wife to a complete stranger, and she was getting off on being a total slut. A stark contrast from the prim wife and mother that she has to be the rest of the time.
To be continued...