Outside where the sun illuminated the sheen of sweat that glossed over my naked drawn over body, we nearly bumped into a couple who was coming into the restaurant. They let out a huge gasp at the sight of my penis which was finally beginning soften.
"You two missed out on a wonderful show." Ingrid offered the couple.
"I told you we should have come earlier," the woman nudged her boyfriend "we always miss the good stuff." Before actually entering the doors, the two strangers stayed to watch my signature-covered ass move it's way to the car. "Whoever he was, I hate to see him go but love to watch him leave." The woman patted her boyfriend on the butt then turned to enter the restaurant after we settled in the car.
I sighed. At least they weren't making me drive this time.
With Ingrid at the wheel and Bridget in the passenger's seat, Scarlet sat comfortably next to me in the back as I cupped my groin.
"So," Scarlet leaned against my shoulder "what did you want to tell me?"
"Huh?" I was trying to tune out the world at this point until I got back home to put some clothes on.
"Back when we were dancing, you wanted to ask me something. What did you want to ask?"
Oh that's right! I was going to her ask her out!
I had a hard enough time telling her how I feel on the dance floor in just a speedo. I couldn't tell her that I wanted her to be my girlfriend sitting naked covered in writing.
"Maybe some other time Scarlet. It can wait till I put some pants on."
Scarlet frowned at my response. She was not the patient type. "Ingrid, stop the car."
Ingrid smoothly settled the car by the curb of a public street.
"Why did we stop?" I started feeling anxious again.
"Open your door Santiago." Scarlet was staring daggers at me.
"But..." I fidgeted the hands on my crotch "Someone might see me..."
"NOW."
My body acted automatically to her commanding tone. I merely opened the door just a bit before Scarlet pushed me on to the bright and sunny sidewalk. As I stumbled to catch my balance Scarlet crawled out of the car behind me then shut the door. I stood up to look her in the eyes and she grabbed me by the hands.
"Tell me what you were going to say back then and we can get back in the car."
I could already tell what she was doing. Holding my dignity hostage until I spilled my guts. We were on a public street next to a park. Anyone could walk up to us at any second now and see me naked. In fact, I could already hear footsteps approaching from both sides of the street and from the park behind me. I only had seconds before someone came close enough to see me wearing nothing but signatures. I had no choice...
"Scarlet...I, I, I..." My heart was hammering, my face was red and sweaty, and...my God...Scarlet looked hot even when she was angry. "WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME!?" I blurted loudly. "I really like you! I want you to be my girlfriend. OhmygodIamsoembarrassedrightnowIcan'tbelieveI'mdoingthis. Please say yes!" I jabbered out everything in desperation. Once I laid everything out in the open I felt like time slowed to a crawl. She only took a five seconds to respond, but each second felt like an eternity. Standing outside once again in the buff, I could hear the footsteps of potential witnesses getting louder.
"Yes."
I paused for a moment at her abruptness. "What?"
"Santiago, I have been crushing on you since high school. Getting to know you as I am now," she looked my body up and down with elevator eyes "has been one of the best experiences of my life! I'm pretty self aware you know. I know I can be a handful," her face gave the cutest little blush I have ever seen. Is that what I look like when I do that? Geez, no wonder she likes embarrassing me so much, that face is adorable! "but you still manage to stick by me despite all that. Honestly, even I can't figure out why you are still attached to me after all I have done to you. The fact that you let me behave so selfishly and still tell me truthfully that you like me puts me over the moon. Forget about me liking you back...I love you. So yes, I want to be your girlfriend, let's go out."
Every word that came out of her supple lips just then was like honey to my ears. My heart melted at her reciprocated feelings. I like Scarlet...and Scarlet liked me...hot damn! She loved me! That that came crashing into my mind like a tidal wave. I haven't felt this sort of happiness since winning the swimming championship, and just like then, I was so happy I wanted to shout, dance, and jump around. That was exactly what I did.
"Woooooooohoohoohooooooo!" I yelled pumping my fists in the air in jubilation. Whatever passerby's were in that area focused all their attention on me but I didn't see them. I was so ecstatic I was off in my own little world by now. Scarlet loved me so everything was perfect. I jumped up and down and did back-flips right into the grass that connected to the park. Scarlet was laughing and clapping in amusement and all I could think about was how I could keep her smiling. I did cartwheels, jumping jacks, and spun around in circles just to vent out all this joy.
Some random guy came up to me on the sidewalk looking down on his phone. He had black hair, glasses, and an orange coat. The moment I saw him, I scooped him up into a big hug.
"W-what the hell!?" he screamed.
"I have a girlfriend now!" I shouted.
"Good for you, now GET THE FUCK OFF ME!" he yelled as he squirmed out of my grip. As he took a step back from me he looked like he was about to hit me but he stopped dead in his tracks as he got a good look at me. His face turned bright red then he looked down at his phone again and took off in a hurry. Still on my high, I just smiled and waved at him the whole time.
The sound of beautiful laughter brought my attention back to Scarlet who looked like she was about to bust a rib. I did one more flip in her direction then slid towards her on the grass by my knees while playing air guitar. I flashed my smile up to her as hysterical tears came out of her eyes.
"Oh...my...God!" She struggled to breathe between laughs. "I cant...hahahaha...believe you just did that! You are so-hahahaha-incredible! Oh God, I just-hahahaha-love you! I am NEVER gonna forget this!"
Still on my knees I spread my arms wide open hoping she would come running up right into them.
"Hahahaha! I guess this means you've gotten over your reservations about being naked in public?"
Wait, what?
I had to take a second to come off my cloud for her words to finally sink in. I looked around and saw that I had inadvertently drawn in a large number of spectators coming from the park and the street. Everybody had eyes the size of tennis balls with unhinged jaws connected to faces that ranged between shock and delight. I looked down at myself now...I was still naked...so very, very, naked. It was now beginning to dawn on me that I just did all that in front of all these people without a stitch of clothing on me! My heart wanted to jump out of my chest just then as I took note of all the phones, cameras, and recording devices that many of the watchers must have had out this entire time! I quickly slapped my hands over my penis even though I knew it was already far too late.
More and more laughter erupted from the crowd as I stood up with my junk still in my grasp and my face was a blaring crimson. I quickly padded over to Scarlet who was still busting up along with everyone looking at my nude spectacle. I took her by the hand and motioned her to the car. She opened the door without argument. Taking one more look back at my audience, I felt like I needed to say something, anything to ease all this torrent of embarrassment.
I just blurted out the first thing that came to my mind "So, um," I raised Scarlet's hand in mine, waving it around "we're a couple now." I said lamely.
"CONGRATULATIONS!!" almost everyone in the crowd shouted simultaneously as they returned to their laughter and applause. My whole body at that moment was a shining red beacon of humiliation.
Scarlet shuffled into the backseat of her sister's car pulling me with her. I slammed the door behind me eager to get out of there. As I begged Ingrid to floor it out of there, I took one more look back at all the people who saw me naked in the street. Pretty much all of them were waving goodbye and blowing kisses in my direction. I want to bury my face in a hole and die now. As Ingrid drove past the onlookers, Scarlet grabbed me by the head and laid it in her lap. It wasn't exactly a hole but it was still a great place to bury my face in.
After several minutes of silent driving Scarlet tapped me on the shoulder. "Hey, hot stuff. Once your done sulking down there, how about you come up here and give your new girlfriend a kiss?"
I raised my head up from her lap. That's right, I'm dating Scarlet now. She cupped my cheeks and leaned her face towards mine. Her soft lips parted on mine and I felt the sensation of her tongue trace the inside of my mouth. I was now brought back up to my happy place as I sat up pulling Scarlet's body closer to me. I entangled my tongue with her own as we continued to blissfully make-out for the entire ride.