Modeling for art classes can be a paradox. When I'm nude in a class, I always wish it could last longer, but when I'm in a long pose that keeps growing more and more uncomfortable, I wish the poses could be shorter.
I was in one of those long poses, a standing one that was to last the entire three hour class, thinking that the clock was moving too slowly. My left leg was leaning on a chair which helped take some of the strain from my feet and legs. Sitting in that chair was Jessica, beautiful, brunette, and nude. She and I had modeled together for three classes that week. Most classes only used one model, but toward the end of the semester (and this was to be the last day of drawing for these students that spring) they paired us up for the more advanced students. I usually liked modeling solo more than with a partner. Most students would prefer to draw a female, so the drawings of me were usually an afterthought during those duo sessions. And the poses were longer to allow the students to try to draw both figures.
But if I had to model with a partner, I preferred Jessica. She was in her early twenties, with an athletic frame, shapely curves, long brown hair, and pretty face. Her breasts were medium sized and seemed to defy gravity the way they jutted out from high on her chest, with perky pink nipples. I loved doing gesture poses with her, and seeing her standing with one hip out, her thick but trimmed bush of pubic hair, was like looking at a Greek goddess. Like most models, the longer poses (and the one we were in then was the longest we'd done together) Jessica did seated or reclining, which was much easier on her body. But I always felt that the compactness hid her natural beauty. Not that she wasn't beautiful in a seated pose; you could just see so much more of her standing.
I like doing standing poses, and I had volunteered for this one. Yes, my legs get tired, but my feet or legs don't go to sleep like they are prone to do during some seated poses. And I think I look better. Sitting always compressed my abdomen and makes me, I think, look fatter than I am. Not that I'm fat. I stand just under six feet tall, and I weigh between 180 and 190 most of the time. I work out sporadically, so I think I've got decent muscle definition.
"Five minutes left," Audrey, the drawing teacher, announced to the class. "You need to take a step back and really look at your drawings to see what can be done to the figures in these last five minutes."
I was relieved. My right leg was supporting the majority of my weight, and I was ready to give it a rest. Audrey had given Jessica and me breaks throughout the class, but the period from the last break to the end was always the toughest. As I glanced at the clock to mark the time, so I would know how much of that five minutes was left, the door to the drawing studio opened. An attractive, middle aged woman looked into the room, glanced briefly at Jessica and me and then scanned the rest of the room until she found Audrey. Audrey saw her and motioned for her to come in, as if she had been expecting her. The woman was tall, almost as tall as I am, and wore a business suit with a skirt. Her hair was shoulder length blonde mixed with gray. She looked at several drawings as she made her way toward Audrey, looking at Jessica and me from each artist's position.
I had been modeling nude for almost three years, and I was quite comfortable posing in front of teachers and students. But whenever someone came into the studio whom I knew wasn't part of the class, my imagination tended to run away. Under the repeated gazes of this striking woman, I began to feel the stirrings down below. I heard Jessica take a deep breath. I could just see her in my peripheral vision if I turned my eyes toward her. From her pose, she had a perfect frontal view of my pelvic area. I saw her looking at me, at the middle-aged lady, up at my face, and then back down to my penis. Seeing her do that didn't help my situation. My eyes surveyed the room, and the students were all concentrating on the final stages of their drawings to take much notice of the one part of my body that wasn't holding the pose like it was supposed to.
"Hello, Dr. Tate," Audrey said to the newcomer.
"Hello Audrey," she replied in a husky voice.
"Thank you for the invitation. And please, call me Katherine."
"OK, Katherine. We're just finishing up. Another three or four minutes, and the pose will be over."
Audrey and Katherine both looked at Jessica and me. Given my state of arousal, which thankfully wasn't a full erection, I wondered if I would get in trouble with Audrey. According to the girls I'd dated, I am much larger than normal down there, so it's difficult to hide when I'm excited, especially when I'm standing and supposed to be as still as possible.
"This is wonderful!" Katherine exclaimed. "Makes me wish I had taken art classes."
I could have sworn that Katherine's eyes were focused solely on my rapidly expanding cock, and I took a deep breath, averted my eyes, and tried to think of football.
"It's never too late," Audrey said to her.
"There's a chair in the corner there, if you want to sit while you wait."
"Thank you," Katherine said and turned away to sit down.
I exhaled.
"You OK?" Jessica whispered to me.
It was the first time Jessica had ever said anything to me while we were in a pose together. I had always considered her aloof. She spent the majority of her break times reading science fiction paperbacks in the break room and never had much to say even when we weren't in a pose.
"What do you think?" I whispered back to her.
"Look fine to me."
Great, I thought, something else to keep my imagination, not to mention blood flow to my genitals, racing.
"One minute!" Audrey called to the class.
I started counting in my head, willing that last minute to speed up. I was at fifty-five when Audrey finally called an end to the pose and to class. Jessica wrapped in in her sheet almost immediately. She had been sitting on it during the pose and managed to wrap herself, stand, and stretch in one fluid movement. Still nude and leaning on the chair, I shifted my weight over to my left leg and tried to shake some of the strain out of the right one, my semi-erect penis swaying to the movement. I looked up and saw that a couple of the female students had stopped what they were doing to watch me. They both jumped when they noticed I was looking at them and resumed work on their drawings.
As I got the blood flowing back through my right leg, I couldn't help but notice that the visitor, Dr. Katherine Tate, was staring right at me and that she was biting her bottom lip. I suddenly felt rather exposed, and I decided that I had better get my robe on before my semi-erection turned into a full throbbing one.
"You have the weekend to work on the composition of these," Audrey was telling the class, "but you should already have both figures complete. We will critique these on Tuesday, and that critique will serve as your final. And I can't believe the semester is already over."
Dr. Tate stood as Aubrey gave these final instructions to the class and as the students cleaned up. Some of them were already packed up and heading out the door.
"Dan, Jessica," Audrey said to us, approaching the model stand, "thank you. Great job as usual. I think they got some good drawings."
"Awesome," I said as I tied the sash on my robe.
Dr. Tate walked up to the podium, and Audrey turned to her.
"Dr. Tate," she said. "Katherine. These are the models I told you about, Dan and Jessica."
Katherine's eyes seemed to light up as she looked at me. "Pleased to meet you," she said and extended her hand.
I was still on the model stand, so I had to bend down to shake it. Jessica stepped off the stand and onto the floor before shaking hands with Katherine herself.
"I'm Dan, and she's Jessica," I quipped.
Katherine smiled and giggled. "I gathered that," she said. "I am a psychology professor, and I was looking for two models for a special class I'm teaching. Audrey thought you might be interested, so she invited me here today to meet with you."
I am always looking for modeling work, so I was interested. But I was also asking myself why a psychology professor needed models.
"What kind of class is it?" I asked.
"Well," Katherine said, hesitating as she looked around the room. Students were still cleaning up, and a couple of them were still putting finishing touches on their drawings.
"Is there somewhere we can talk in private?"
Jessica and I looked at each other and shrugged.
"Sure," I said.
We got Audrey to sign our timesheets for our modeling hours and had Katherine follow us down the hall to the models' changing room. The other drawing class was doing the final semester critique and wasn't using a model, so I knew that we would be alone.
"So how long have you been modeling?" Katherine asked us as we walked down the hall.
"Two and a half years," I replied.
"Just this semester," Jessica said.
"What made you decide to do this?"
"I don't know," Jessica said. "It is the highest paying student job on campus."
"So, money then?" Katherine asked.
"I like it because I get to be me, without the mask," I chimed in. "There's such a purity in being yourself on that platform, with nothing artificial. Nothing hidden."
"You really like this job then," Katherine said as we reached the changing room.
"Yeah, I do."
I gave a courtesy knock on the door, took a quick peek inside to make sure it was vacant, and then motioned Jessica and Katherine inside. The changing room is small, and it can get crowded with up six people at a time coming and going between art classes, either getting dressed or undressed.
"How about you," Katherine said to Jessica, "do you like it?"
"It's OK."
"Anything in particular you like about it?"
"Yeah, the drawings of me, some of them, are amazing."
"Yes," Katherine mused, "I can see the appeal in that."
The three of us were silent for an awkward moment. My bag was sitting on the counter, and I unzipped it to retrieve my jeans and shirt, wondering if I should go ahead and get dressed with Katherine here.
"You said you needed models," I said.
"Yes," Katherine replied and then hesitated. "I'm teaching a special class in human sexuality, and I wanted to have two models, male and female, for the anatomy lecture."
She paused again, so I asked, "We would just stand there for your lecture?"
"Some," she replied, and I detected a nervous stutter in her voice. "I want to go over the difference in the overall male and female bodies, the breasts, width of the hips, musculature. But the main focus of this class would be on the genitalia. It is a human sexuality class, after all."
I imagined myself standing on a platform in front of a whole group of students, all of them just looking at me without drawing, while this woman talked about my penis. The thought was scary and exciting at the same time.
"I'm going to be candid with you," Katherine continued. "We..., the class, would want to see the male in different stages of arousal."
"So, you'd want me to get an erection?" I asked.
"Yes, eventually. We would want to see it go from flaccid to completely erect. And of course, you could use manual stimulation if you needed to."
Talking about being erect in front of a class, something I had always tried to avoid in the art classes where I had modeled, had sparked my imagination, and I felt the stirrings down below. Pretty soon, I thought, I would have a pretty big tent going in the front of my robe. Rather than have that, I decided to get dressed. I slipped the robe off while Katherine was talking, and her gaze immediately went down to my expanding cock.
"Yes, you would be really good for the class," she said with a hint of excitement in her voice. "It looks like you're on your way now."
I grabbed my jeans and held them out to put a foot in.
"No, please," Katherine said, putting her hand on my jeans. "Stay like this for a moment. I'd like to see you erect, if I could. And if you're still interested, that is."
"Ok," I said and set my jeans back on top of my bag. "I'm definitely interested."
"Good," she said, still gazing at my throbbing cock. It was rising and almost fully erect by then. I noticed Jessica, still wrapped in her sheet, staring at it, her cheeks red.
"And if you're comfortable with it," Katherine continued, "maybe, if you can, demonstrate an ejaculation."
"What?" I said, not sure I had heard her correctly.
"Ejaculate for the class," Katherine repeated in a tentative voice, "if you're OK with it."
Jessica shifted uncomfortably, shifting her gaze away from my erection. I was in a state of shock, I think. Nude modeling was an unusual job, and I had been asked to do a lot of poses that I thought had been strange, like, for instance, getting on top of a ladder nude so students had to change their perspective, but I had never heard of anything like this.
"Umm, I guess," was all I could manage to say, my mouth dry.
"Think about it and let me know," Katherine said and turned toward Jessica. "And you, my dear. I'd like the class to see gynecological details. So I'd have you on an examining table in stirrups. Do you think you could do that?"
Jessica's facial expression was blank, as if she were completely dumbfounded. She shook her head.
"I don't know."
I thought of the times Jessica and I had posed together and couldn't think of a long pose of hers with her legs apart. So even though she was a nude model, I could tell that she was shy, at least about that part of her body.
"How much does this pay?" Jessica asked.
"I can pay each of you two hundred dollars. And I'll only need you for an hour or less."
I saw Jessica's eyes light up at that pay rate. Mine probably did too. For two hundred an hour, I would come as many times as Katherine wanted and in front of as many people as she could gather.
"OK," she said. "I'll do it."
"Wonderful!" Katherine exclaimed. "Now, I used to be an OB/GYN nurse, so I will make sure you're as comfortable as possible. The class will be small, about twenty students. We meet in the nursing building, room 214."
Katherine handed me her business card with the room number and a date and time written on the back.
"May 22nd?" I asked as she handed a card to Jessica. "That's less than two weeks away."
"Yes. Like I said, it's a special class. My cell is on the card if you have any more questions. Feel free to call me at any time."
I looked at the card then at Jessica, who still had a deer in the headlights expression on her face.
"OK," I said to Katherine.
"And thank you so much," she continued. "This is going to be fun. Fun. I want you both to have a lot of fun."
She gave us what I can only describe as a wicked grin, opened to door, took one last lingering look at my erection, and left the changing room. Jessica and I stood still and quiet, each of us holding Katherine's card, me naked with a hard on and her still wrapped in her sheet. We slowly looked at each other.
"Well, that doesn't happen every day," I said, and we both laughed.
"She sure seemed to like that," Jessica said, pointing to my erect cock.
I probably blushed. It did feel good to have her ogling me like she did.
"I don't think I've ever seen one that big," Jessica stated. "A lot of girth."
"Thanks," I said, rather sheepishly.
She grabbed her panties and put them on under the sheet while I started getting dressed.
Jessica didn't take the sheet off until she had her jeans on, and her transition from removing the sheet to putting on her bra was performed in almost one fluid motion. I watched her out of the corner of my eye as I carefully tucked my penis to the side before zipping up my fly.
Once we were dressed, I held the door open for Jessica.
"I guess I'll see you a week from Tuesday," I said.
"Yeah," she replied and walked out, her normal aloof nature taking over.
We went different directions, and I spent my entire drive back to my apartment fantasizing about the class. Could I really jerk off to completion in front of twenty students? I wondered how many of them would be female versus male. And the thought of Jessica watching me jack off while naked with her legs spread and her feet in stirrups, her pussy spread open in front of me, didn't leave my mind until after I had gotten home and taken care of myself.
Of course, once my little head had been taken care of, my big head began to think about Katherine's proposal. I have learned the hard way that if something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. I got on the computer and did a Google search on live models in Human Sexuality classes. The only thing I found was a professor at Northwestern University who got in trouble in 2011 for giving students the option to see a girl perform a live show with sex toys at an off campus location. I never found any other account of any other sexuality class using live models. Nude models were such a staple of any legitimate college art program, so I wondered why they weren't used in other classes.
I looked Katherine Tate up on the university's faculty directory. She was a full professor with tenure. Then I checked the class schedules. The spring semester ended that week, and the summer term didn't start until the first week in June. There was a brief session, called Maymester, between the spring and summer terms, but I didn't see any class in Human Sexuality listed on that schedule. I started to wonder if Katherine's class was even sanctioned by the university, even though it was going to be held on campus. I thought about calling Katherine and asking her, but I didn't want to jeopardize my chances of modeling for the class and missing out on that two hundred dollars. One thing I knew was that May 22nd couldn't get here fast enough.
To Be Continued...