Summer Begins
Apologies for the long delay in presenting part 3, I hope it is worth the wait. Whilst I realise some readers would prefer just a mom-son story I find I easier and more interesting to include other characters, so sister Angie is in this episode too.
In the week following my return from university, my aunt had some kind of bad tummy bug and really wasn't in a fit state to look after my uncle. He's totally useless round the house. He can't, or more correctly won't do anything like cooking or cleaning, so I suppose mom was babysitting him too.
Neither mom nor I were too easy about what we were doing. Granted, I'd helped her overcome most of her problem with sex, but mom and son fucking? We cooled it for the week.
I guess the torment got to both of us. We even argued about minor, silly things. I felt guilty for over hypno-fucking her mind, and I decided to call it a day. OK, I'd help Angie out with the cramps, but that wouldn't be needed until her monthly came around. I made a decision that I WOULD NOT use hypnosis for my own fun.
Aunty's health gradually improved through the week. By the following Thursday mom was home all day and we had a heart to heart talk.
I tried to put it as simply and as kindly as I could. "Mom, I know that I've enjoyed helping you, and we've had some really intimate times. I've also enjoyed your wonderful blow jobs and being inside you, but it's wrong."
Mom had tears in her eyes.
"Chris, if you only knew how much ... "
She cut short, unable to continue. I had to be honest with her; while I'd been away at university I'd missed her. For fuck's sake I'd even fantasised about her and wanked myself to sleep several times thinking about her in the shower.
"Mom, I'm sorry. I just hadn't realised."
She wiped her eyes dry. "I have to be honest too, Chris. I've missed your dad a lot, as you know. You've been so good over the years and I'd been hoping for a long time that you, some day, would give me the sex that he gave me."
She paused, as if unable to say the words she wanted so much to tell me.
"But it isn't just the sex. I love you Chris."
The tears came again. Who the fuck was I trying to fool? The ethics, the stigma, the guilt, all were being overruled by the feelings towards mom that I had. These were feelings deep inside me, in my gut and in my heart. I loved mom too.
I walked over, pulled a fresh tissue from the box, passed it to mom. Her face was a mess. What little makeup she wore was streaked, her eyes were red.
I leaned over, kissed her gently on her lips. "I'm sorry mom. I've struggled to admit to myself, but I love you too."
She stood. We hugged. Mom buried her head on my shoulder, wiping the rest of her tears on my tee-shirt. I could feel her warmth and wetness easily come through the thin cotton. Putting my hand under her chin I gently lifted her head until our lips were level.
At first I kissed her gently, simply lips against lips. Slowly, very slowly, our mouths opened, our tongues met and our kiss became a lovers kiss. It was a hungry kiss, our first for nigh on a week. The lust came through, our mouths clamped together, our tongues explored busily, teeth touched, saliva flowed. My cock was threatening to burst.
I tore at mom's blouse, bursting two buttons as she tried to undo the others. Her tits, her lovely, beautiful mommy tits that I'd sucked on soon after I arrived into the world, were cradled in their hammocks. My hands went swiftly round her back to unfasten the hammocks and free those sex pillows that had once been so full to the brim with milk.
Of course, I couldn't remember how full her tits had been. I'd seen videos on the Web, noticed how full milk tits were, seen how they stretched the skin enclosing them until it was pulled taught. How blue veins pulsed blood around, how the areola spread outwards creating a bullseye with an over juicy nipple acting as the ultimate target.
With the image planted firmly in my mind, mom tugged at my tee-shirt, pulled it awkwardly over my head to be tossed untidily on the floor, followed quickly by her bra. So we were naked from the waist up and we hugged once more, we kissed in a lovers embrace, relished the feel of skin against skin.
Although gravity had started to take over, mom's boobs were still fantastic, breathtakingly gorgeous, a blend of pinks and pale browns. Not huge by any means, and never boosted by silicone, but just right. More than a handful, and very much more than a mouthful, they had the right balance of size and beauty.
I broke our kiss to cup one then the other in my hand. The nipples stood proud, poking out their presence as if asking to be sucked. I kissed the tips, the nipples that had once provided me with nourishing milk. Mom had told me once about my never ending desire to suck that delicious liquid from her, often falling fast asleep as I did so.
"What are you thinking, Chris?" She asked.
"All those years ago, as a baby. How you nourished me."
She laughed, "And a hungry little devil you were too. Your dad used to love watching me and we'd fuck hard as soon as you were asleep in your cot."
"Quietly I hope," I smiled. "I always got grumpy if I hadn't had my sleep."
Of course, this was from what I'd been told later. The grumpiness was still valid well into my teenage years.
Mom continued. "You were still sucking my tits until you were almost four and with Angie also around, my nipples were often sore. It was a lovely soreness though."
She laughed. "You can suck them sore now if you want, but not TOO sore."
"And what about dad? If he got horny when you were breastfeeding, did he get to have a suck too?"
Mom laughed again. "He couldn't get anything to come out. You'd gulped down the bloody lot!"
I needed no second invitation to suck mom's tits, but it was more like rolling her nipples around with my tongue. I bit, but it wasn't a hurting bite. I could sense that mom was getting turned on.
"That's kind of like you used to do as a baby." She laughed. "Even now I guess if you did that long enough I'd cum."
I worshipped those tits, my god how I worshipped them. I kissed, bit, sucked, stood back and admired them for all their beauty was worth. These were real tits, mommy tits, one hundred percent. OK, I'd had my share of gazing at girl tits, fellow students with tits much bigger, much firmer, better supported by young chest muscles. No, let me make this clear. These werewomantits,mommytits. And best of all they weremy mommy'stits.
All of a sudden mom grabbed me, pulling me upstairs to her bed, scooting up the stairs two at a time. Fucking on the sofa may be nice, even romantic occasionally but, unless you're in a porn movie, nothing beats the convenience or comfort of a bed. We didn't want the Kama Sutra. We just wanted to fuck.
It took only seconds for the rest of our clothes to be discarded. Naked, mom was even more beautiful. I'd tried many times to visualise her there, naked, in my university Hall of Residence room. Dreams were one thing, reality was another. For a forty-something woman, mom looked great. She could win MILF of the year anytime she liked; I could see the newspaper headlines:
APPLETHORPE MOM IS CROWNED MILF OF THE YEAR FOR THE THIRD YEAR RUNNING
We kissed hungrily again, laid naked on the bed, for several minutes.
"Turn around, Chris," mom said after a while.
To be honest I hadn't a clue what she wanted.
"Turn around, so you're on top of me but facing the end of the bed."
Naively, I still didn't understand, but I did as she asked.
"Now lick me out."
Mom was in teaching mode. Variety is the spice of life, they say, though it's a bit of spice that adds variety. I was about to learn that very interesting and important number; '69'.
No sooner had my tongue entered her pussy groove, her lips closed round my cock head.
My nose was filled with, well, a very pleasant but different scent. The sensuous odour wasn't anywhere near the same as a freshly showered pussy. The remnants of the shower gel perfume was gone. Unmasked, the natural scent wasn't dirty nor was her cunt squeaky clean. It was like a concentrated mix of pussy smell, fresh sweat and a hint of pee. Some might call it unsavoury, some might just say the scent was, well, just acceptable. To my mind it was a scent I could very easily crave for. Pheromone laced, it was delectable, addictive, desirable.
I felt my cock swell to its fullest. Oh no, fullest wasn't enough for mom.
Sixty nine took some practice. How the fuck could I lick her cunt while my knob end was being treated to a trip round heaven? And how the fuck could mom let me take her clit round heaven and ...?
I gave up. It worked. It was an aperitif. The smell of her cunt was a potent aphrodisiac, although I guess that might be the wrong word. I was hard, rock hard ... uncomfortably hard if that's possible. My iron piston swelled even more from the pussy scent and mom's insistent sucking. I was almost at bursting point when mom spoke again.
"Chris. I want you inside me."
'For fuck's sake,' I thought, 'Make up your mind.'
She turned, knelt, her butt cutely presented towards me. Mom was visibly wet and I easily entered her.
"Fuck me Chris. Fuck me slowly. I want you to fill my cunt with your big fat cock."
Mom was using gutter language that she'd never dream of using normally.
"You guide me mom. You know what you like. Tell me how you want me to fuck you."
"Slowly Chris. So slow I can hardly feel you move."
My love piston was as thick and hard as I could ever remember. I could feel the tension begging to be released. Mom was right, slowing down eased the urgency to cum.
"I love you mom. I want to fill you, tease you, make this last forever. I want to fuck you so hard and fill your cunt with my cum."
I pushed another inch inside her then pulled back. I wanted her to feel me breach her cunt hole time and time again.
"That's good Chris."
Little by little I pushed a bit deeper inside her. Doggy was easy for me and I could see my cock going in and out, coated with mom's sex juices. It looked good. Visual stimulation. Though I didn't know at the time, it was visual stimulation that would make me hyper horny in the future.
"Finger me, please Chris."
OK, I didn't need further instructions. Mom's clit was stood to attention. Mom kept giving out noises of pleasure.
"Slower."
What the fuck? If I went any slower I'd fall asleep. As the minutes went by, though, I began to understand.
"That's good."
Her cunt walls were gripping me tight. Every slow stroke felt better for mom and me. I wanted to please her, to undo the rough treatment she'd gone through long in the past.
"Milk me."
Another dad game?
"Pull my nipples down, treat me like a cow. Her tits were already hanging like small udders, swinging freely with every slow stroke of my cock.
"Pull them, make them hurt."
I did as she asked, squeezing her nipples hard and pulling her tits down.
"Harder."
I could feel her wince with the sudden pain.
"Now fuck me faster until you feel you want to cum. Then slow right down."
Mom obviously knew what she wanted, though it took some skill to pull her tits painfully hard and at the same time push my cock in and out of her.
"Ram it in me hard, Chris. Fuck me harder than you've ever fucked a girl."
If mom wanted pain, I'd give it her. I jammed my fingernails into her skin.
"Use your thumb, Chris."
"What the fuck?"
"In my bum hole, my shit hole. Jab it in hard."
This was new to me. She wanted me to go somewhere I wouldn't even touch myself. Yeuk! Reluctantly I let several moments pass by.
"CHRIS. PLEASE."
"OK, don't have a heart attack."
I gently prodded at that puckered opening that expelled all the stuff our bodies didn't need.
"Chris. For heaven's sake. Please."
I drew my thumb back, then pushed hard. I expected to hear a 'pop' but there a sort of duller sound, accompanied by a rapid intake of breath. If I'd hurt mom, it was tough luck.
"Again. Now fuck my asshole with your thumb and ram your cock hard into my cunt."
A pause.
"Harder."
I obeyed.
"More."
I could hear mom's breathing become faster and faster. As I got the hang, I pumped more and more.
Mom screamed. A huge yelp of orgasmic delight escaped her lips like I'd never heard before.
"Don't ... stop ... please, Chris." The words came in gasps as mom moaned and sighed and tried hard to breathe. Her whole body shook. Her orgasm just went on, and on, and on.
It took several minutes before her breathing became normal again. I'd withdrawn before I'd chance to cum inside her, and I lay next to her on her bed. She didn't speak for a while and I wasn't exactly sure whether she'd passed out, or whether she was just relaxing while the feelings inside her calmed down.
"Thanks, Chris," was all she said. Thanks weren't needed, it was simply an expression of her gratitude. As she turned towards me I could see the redness I'd created around her nipples.
"Just give me a moment or two."
I let her rest, let her savour her climax, let her recuperate.
After a while she reached over and lazily began to run her fingers very lightly along my side. Each time, as her fingers moved upwards, she ran them across my chest briefly touching my nipples before lightly tickling my side again.
She rose onto her knees, straddling my hips. Now she more purposely ran circles around and across both my nipples, occasionally nipping first one then the other. Now her hands moved faster, her touch becoming more of a caress than a tickle. Eventually this evolved to a light massage, then a deeper one.
She leaned forward, her breasts firmly against my chest. Kissing me lightly, she rocked back, lowering herself so that her sex was now massaging my cock.
My fullness had softened slightly but now filled more and more at the insistent coaxing of her cunt lips, until it was long, thick and hard again.
I expected her to lift herself and entrap my cock with her juicy cunt. I was wrong. Mom was set for a marathon, not a sprint. Somehow (and I've not witnessed this with any other girl or woman since) she began to massage my cock with her cunt lips. It was different ... my god it was different ... as her slick labia paid worship to the fullness and length of my cock. This went on for several minutes as I just laid back and enjoyed this new sensation.
To be honest, it felt so good, so relaxing that I almost dozed. I remember being fascinated by the movement of her tits before my eyes closed. Then the steady massage continued until her cock worship switched from her cunt lips to those warm, wet, luscious lips that framed her smile.
Almost as an afterthought mom moved around without disturbing me until we were back in that sixty niner that I was to become addicted to. She slowly manoeuvred herself without speaking a word, demanding that my tongue and lips take part in slowly building another peak for her senses to relish.
There, again, was that scent. How can I describe it further? It was the same basic aroma that every woman possesses. Some try to hide it, some try to disguise it with a plethora of man-made perfumes. Others do nothing, which is good when basic hygiene is practised daily, although it must be said that there can be too much hygiene. A little bit of a mixture of sweat, pee and pussy juice, just off-fresh can be most stimulating and even the last remnants of monthly blood can add that'je ne sais quoi'.
Mom's scent was to change from day to day, something I was going to discover. That particular day was nigh on perfect. The taste was perfect too, a connoisseur's delight. I didn't need to think about it, mom was turning me on in a way that had me hooked.
"Hey Chris! You gone to sleep?" Mom was rarely subtle, she knew my mind was wandering.
"No mom. My tongue aches from licking you out."
"Well isn't that just tough luck? Get used to it. My cunt hasn't been regularly licked out for years. You have some catching up to do."
And with that she bit my cock end. Admittedly not too hurt much, but it had the desired effect.
"You stop again, I bite again. Harder next time."
"Ok mom, you made your point."
My tongue became busy again. Mom's mouth became busy again, sucking just enough to coax my nerve endings to submit, but stopping just before I started to pump out vitamin jizz into her mouth. Her skill was amazing.
Then she brought me right to the very brink again. Right to the pivotal point where I would have had no control
And
STOPPED.
A thought flitted through my mind. Was'fellatio interruptus'true Latin? It sounded almost like a Harry Potter spell;'fellatio interruptus!'a wave of the wand to make an erection disappear. How counter-productive. Maybe some mad scientist will come up with an anti-viagra?
Still intent on pleasing me mom moved around again, massaging me with her tits. She stopped and moved again to lick and gently suck my nipples, rotating her tongue around and over that very sensitive area. Using just her lips she kissed and sucked them. Finally, when she thought my stimulation was complete she barked a command.
"Now fuck me; properly this time."
That was an order, not a request. I wasn't too sure about that; I wasn't a small child any more. Mom presented herself for doggy again. I didn't need asking a second time.
Needless to say I was still rock hard and getting pissed off with mom's idea of fun. Mom was gonna get some serious fucking as my piston machine got fired up full throttle.
"Chris, not so fast. Whoa! Cool it."
I took no notice whatsoever.
"NO Chris. I'm going to ... Chris ... Nooooo ... "
"Tough shit."
There's a limit to what a guy can take. I'd reached mine. Thankful it was just moments before I pumped gallons of my precious cum inside my mother. If mom wanted to play games there would be plenty of other times.
Mom was to take every opportunity that she could.
*****
I got the distinct impression that Angie was one or two Tequilas over her usual quota. She wouldn't talk on the phone to mom, instead I got the unenviable task.
"Chiss, I mean kiss. Oh sod it, Chris, be a darling and tell mom I'm stopping over."
Whoa, 'Chris' and 'darling' never ever went in the same sentence ... except when Angie was pissed as a newt.
"OK, Angie baby. I take it you're pissed."
There was a brief sound, rather like someone heaving and heading to discharge a full stomach all over the carpet.
'Brrrrr,' the line went dead.
"That was Angie, mom. Either she's celebrating or drowning her sorrows. I guess she's going to crash down at her friend's house tonight."
Mom just shrugged her shoulders.
"It's her life. If she wants a pickled liver that's her choice."
Did I tell you how radiant mom looked? I guess I maybe did. Not only had she shed a few pounds, but she'd joined a gym to enhance those all important curves. I was pleased for her that not only had she done the exercises I'd set but she'd also regained much of her confidence. She could have any man she desired.
"Chris, as Angie's going to be out all night, I think we should take full advantage."
"Like an early night?"
She crossed the room, sat on my lap, put her arm around my neck. A few months ago she would have been a little heavy. This time she was just right.
Didn't I tell you? Mom wasn't going to miss any opportunity. It was, what, barely three hours since we fucked. As much as I wanted to please mom, I just didn't want another session like the last.
Thankfully, it wasn't to be. There was a RomCom on the TV. We watched that, ice cold cans in hand, until late. I was yawning through most of the movie and despite mom's attention in bed I must have fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
I must have stirred an hour or so into my slumber. As well as being aware I needed to pee, resulting no doubt from the several cans of lager I'd drunk earlier, I had a stonking full and very hard erection. I could feel just the lightest of touches along my cunt-seeking missile. I lay still with hazy memories of a weird but very erotic dream.
As the mist from my alcohol abused brain cleared, I remembered more of the dream. It was Carol, sat next to me during one of the lectures at uni. Although we were paying full attention to the lecture, she had sneaked her hand down to my zipper, expertly extracted my cock from my CKs and was gently caressing its full length. Weird, because I'd never been with Carol, not even fancied my chances with her.
I laid still, enjoying the lightest of mom's attentions, hardly daring to make the slightest sound of approval. The touches stopped, the duvet moved. In just a moment or two I could feel a pair of warm, wet lips around the crown of my fucking machine. It took me by surprise.
"Mom?"
The lips let go of their sausage supper. "Sshhh! Stay still."
Now aware I was awake, mom continued to pay lip service to my wank cannon. OMG, this woman was absolutely expert at giving a guy good head. Several times she must have sensed that Vesuvius was about to erupt, stopping for a few moments until the urge to spew semen passed, before continuing. Not only was I aware of my need to piss but the tension built more and more inside me. After what seemed like an eternity, mom decided to let me release. Vesuvius did indeed erupt, seemingly gallons of hot spunk. Like a cat discovering the best tasting cream, so mom lapped up my every last drop.
"Thanks mom." I said, returning from the bathroom where I'd spent a while waiting for the valve reopening to let my pee wash out the remaining few drops of cum. "Do you want to fuck now?"
"No, you're tired. Anyway I was fingering myself for a while before you woke. Sleep now, Chris. I guess I asked too much of you before. There's always tomorrow."
We slept, spooned, until the morning came.
*****
Just after breakfast, the phone rang.
"Hi Angie baby, " I chirped, loudly into the phone, knowing Angie would have a head and a half. "You want to speak to mom."
"No. Don't call me Angie baby, you know I hate it. And don't talk so fuckin' loud."
"WELL DON'T FUCKIN' DRINK SO MUCH." We were even.
"I'm going into town then I'll be home later."
"Going in to Boozers-R-Us to restock, sis?" I asked, sarcastically.
"Fuck you," sis replied, tersely.
"Whenever you want, Angie baby." The love-hate between us had lasted many years. It was now little more than a game.
"In your dreams."
'In my dreams maybe, but my guided missile was already preprogrammed to blast itself inside Angie's love cavern. So far I'd only got my tongue inside her freshly shaved cunt. The taste, although differing greatly from woman to woman and, indeed, day to day, is known to delight thousands upon thousands of male (and some female) palates. That was only the aperitif though. If I got my way I'd be fucking her brains out pretty soon.
The phone clicked off. I rated that exchange as a draw. There would be more to come during the summer break. To be honest, Angie's attitude to me, her older brother, had mellowed a bit since the hypno episode during the drive home from uni. In fact, looking back, it had mellowed a hell of a lot.
Angie had been out much of day after our journey home; time to reflect on my hypno skills. She was annoyed at first, having been taken way out of her comfort zone. I think she knew though that mom and I had something going. I think also that, not having a current boyfriend, she really appreciated the game.
"I need to go down town, buy some summer clothes. You will come with me, Chris won't you?"
It was one of those questions that only had one answer.
"Sure, mom."
An hour and a half later we were in the 6th store, one really aimed at the teens and twenties group.
"What do you think?"
I'd been stood outside the changing cubicle for the last 20+ minutes.
"I think that's the best combo so far."
To be honest, the blouse and skirt would entitle any MILF lover to rapidly draw in breath.
"Mom, that's so sexy! Are you sure it's for you, though?"
I immediately regretted saying that. Of course it was. Mom WANTED sexy.
I back peddled quickly. "Of course it is. I love it."
Blood was seeping rapidly into my stiffening cock, helped enormously by the fact mom's bra was still on the cubicle bench. Her new blouse was very see though and either the panties she wore were excellently designed not to show a VPL, or her panties were still on the bench too. The thin fabric of her micro skirt was unable to hide much at all. The outline of each separate butt cheek, and the cleft between, were clearly on display.
"I'll take these." Mom told the assistant, handing her three garments, "And I'd like to keep these two on." The assistant clipped the bar coded tags, told mom to take them to the cash desk, pay, and keep the receipt.
I just hoped my bulge was fairly concealed. On mom's request I'd ventured further into the changing area. How could the assistant complain about a young man being in there, simply to help his mom decide on her choices. How, also, could the poor youth blame other store clients if they decided not to completely close the cubicle curtain, so that the aforesaid poor youth could accidentally (and it was purely accidental) spy varying degrees of bare skin through the cubicle mirror.
While I had been waiting there were 2 girls, maybe 18, 19 years old, similar to Angie, in one curtained cubicle. They knew I was there and they had several bra and panties sets between them, I suppose to choose and get a second opinion. Much of the shower curtain was pulled across, but 2 mirrors in the cubicle enabled me to see, unknown to them. The first (who came past me a couple of times with more garments) seemed the more outgoing, smiling one time at my bad luck having to tactfully help mom decide whether some items didn't suit her. She was similar build to Angie: generous tits and a low cut top.
The second, who seemed to be the one actually buying a bra and panties set, looked as if she didn't need a bra. Leastways she needed some padding. I caught good glimpses of her changing bras. Her tits were like small cones, hardly formed. If I was being rude I would say she was flat chested, save a couple of egg cup size titties.
Far from being disappointed I actually found her titties arousing. There were in proportion to the rest of her, anorexic-thin, maybe 4'10, 51kg ... 8 stone, 112 pounds or so. Boyish. And with the fussing and clucking of the bigger girl, the thought did flit through my mind they might be lesbian lovers. No. Just a helpful friend. Or maybe cousin, sister even. They both mentioned store charge cards, so I took that to mean they both worked and could have been colleagues. I don't know, but it took 15 minutes for the bulge in my pants to completely disappear. Oh, and did I mention the selfies? Bra'd and un-bra'd. Their cellphone camera flashed numerous times.
As if the choosing of summer clothes hadn't been an ordeal, mom still wanted a pair of classy but lightweight shoes and a pair of open toe sandals. It didn't take long at all for her to scan through the offerings of the budget shoe shops, shaking her head in dismay at the poor quality of eastern Europe imports. Next were the mall shoe stores, more upmarket and, of course, rather more expensive.
The male assistant at one of the stores was more than eager to help mom choose something classy, something fashionable and something comfortable. To give the young man full credit, he did spend time and patience, firstly checking the size of her feet, knelt before her, double checking the length and breadth and assuring her that the company's products would be perfectly comfortable. It was only after he'd suggested and helped her try on three pairs that I noticed where his eyes were really focusing. Had she put her panties back on after choosing that skirt?
His persistent helpfulness did the trick. Mom bought the two pairs she needed. Did I imagine the sense of jealousy passing through me?
"Two toasted fruit teacakes and two cream teas, please." Mom ordered at Betts Cafe. On the few occasions mom dragged me shopping with her, we always finished at Betts. The bottomless teapot and the home-baked treats meant we always ate well there.
"So what do you think?" Mom asked while we waited.
"I like. All you've tried on makes you look younger but your blouse is a touch revealing - not that I'm complaining!"
"And the shoes?"
"Very nice. Stylish and comfortable. You certainly teased the assistant."
"Deputy manager, he said. I told him the shoes were more than I wanted to pay, but I managed to get a discount."
"And he got a rise?"
"Why not? I got the discount."
Betts Cafe was always a treat. We ate then collected the car. Angie was home when we arrived back, in a buoyant mood, hangover completely gone.
"Hi, sis."
"I've been wondering where you were. I've been back ages."
"Shopping," answered mom. "Then Betts."
"You lost your bra there?" Chirped sis, somewhat sarcastically.
Mom ignored the remark. Did I imagine the hint of jealousy from my dear sister?
"You going out again?" I asked. Of course she was.
"I need a shower and change of clothes."
And half a pound of makeup, I reckoned, though Angie didn't need much at all.
"Need your back scrubbed?" I ventured, hopefully.
'Fuck off, 'she mouthed, behind mom's back.
"I could always *click*," I answered, "While I'm scrubbing."
One of sis's favoured hand gestures meant I was going to be out of luck.
"OK, well *click* forget to shut the bathroom door then."
The gesture was repeated, but not before a shiver had run down her spine. Would the suggestions I'd made to make her cum still work? I didn't know. Angie turned to go upstairs.
*Click* "You can hear me but not see me."
I allowed a few minutes before I went upstairs. As if totally unconcerned, Angie had left the bathroom door wide open. Was she consciously aware she had? Angie was turned away from me as I entered the bathroom. I watched for a while, simply admiring the sleek sexy curves of my younger sister. With the extractor on, the shower panels were hardly misted. Angie took great pride in her appearance, exercising, walking whenever she could, eating sensibly and applying moisturising cream. Angie's curves were exactly in their correct places, her tits and butt in exciting proportions, her legs slim and toned. Her panties ... her worn-two-days including getting pissed panties lay on the bathroom floor, along with her matching bra - her generous sized sexy still body-warm black laced bra - lay next to them. Her cotton shirt and short skirt lay beside in a crumpled mess. The shirt smelled good, a cocktail of summer sweat, deodorant body spray and some mid priced perfume, designed to attract men. Her bra smelled better, her tits had snuggled inside there all day, imparting the perfume of her skin in the way that a well fitting bra always does.
Angie seemed engrossed in her refreshing, invigorating shower. *Click* barely audible to her, but instantly recognised by her subconscious. Almost without thinking, she reached out and squeezed another dab of shower gel onto her hand, worked a lather and applied it to her ample breasts. *Click*. She turned, let the powerful spray of warm water hit, then trickle down her back, through her butt cheeks, down her legs. With eyes now closed she cupped both breasts, ran her thumbs gently but persistently across her nipples until the brownish pink coat pegs were so plump, so full, so engorged with blood that they threatened to burst. Eyes tightly closed in blissful concentration she pulled and pinched at them until, it seemed to me, they would be sore for days. Not so. They, and the skin around them were reddened, but Angie, my little sister Angie, simply tormented them more. At last she released one. Still giving full attention to the other, her spare hand, her right hand, moved down to that very sensitive area below her belly button.
Her beautifully manicured nails traced soft lines, criss-crossing then circling the soft tender skin. Finally her middle finger breached the valley that split her pubic mound. There was just the hint of fine stubble there, which she might well fix with (as always) with one of my razors. But not yet, maybe not until another day, for her finger seemed eager to reach its target - that beautiful sweet spot just hidden inside the folds of her pussy lips. *Click* She seemed to be on autopilot, unaware of conscious actions that had been repeated so many times during her life.
In so short a while one invading finger became two. Angie now had her eyes tightly closed, a look of intense concentration on her face. Finger and thumb of one hand squeezed and pulled at a highly aroused nipple, swollen and engorged. Once pinkish brown it was becoming redder as blood pulsed through it. It looked sore but Angie never let up tormenting it, using the pain to intensify the pleasure. I winced. The fingers of her other hand, lubricated not only by the soapy lather but, by now, surely her own secret juices. The fingers, now three, were forcefully thrust inside her. Her breathing became fast, soft moans escaped her lips.
I was hard, rock hard, not totally sure whether it was the resurrection of the trance in the car that she was now under, or more likely a trance of her own making. Her eyes shut, her ears not listening, her mind totally focussed on giving herself pleasure. The squeezes, the tugs, the pleasurable pain directed at her nipple became faster, harder. Every now and then I could see the pain show in her face but the tugs and squeezes never slowed.
I took her black laced panties, dumped on the bathroom floor, sexy even without the lubricating coating deposited and still damp on the gusset. *Click* who was the more entranced, her or me? As Angie continued the attack into her cleft *click*, inside her cunt *click*, I put the gusset to my nose, unzipped my pants, released the iron bar held prisoner and crazily whacked off as if it was my last day on the planet. Little sis was treating her gash in much the same way. We didn't cum in harmony. My jizz exploded, directed into the washbasin where I could easily rinse the evidence away. Angie suddenly let out a yelp, her body shuddering with the power of her cum.
What if she hadn't been in trance but just treating me to a free show? No! The hypno stare was there. She seemed totally oblivious, as if in a dream. Nothing was said between us afterwards ... except ... except ... a sly wink. No, my imagination again ... until, that was, a second wink and just the hint of a smile.
*****
With Angie gone for the evening, mom and I talked about the shopping trip. I hate, absolutely hate, buying clothes. Apart from the odd item or two I've bought online where I can browse in comfort, most of my clothes are bought from just one or two stores in town. I pretty well know what I want before I leave home, I buy what I need, grab a burger and fries (another pet hate of mine 'do you want to upsize your drink, fries, try our super shakes, sir? Sit with the girl with big tits and 3 buttons undone, only £2 extra, sir' ... you know the extra sales spiel), and return home to catch the football results on the TV.
Mom was buoyant, as excited as a teenager again, bubbling to try on the rest of her new clothes. Bit by bit mom was trying hard to reduce the years between us in a visible way ... a kind of optical illusion if you like.
The weekend went by. I was starting to feel that little sis was getting jealous. My favourite beers stocked up in the fridge, my favourite food, more attention from mom, the little inuendos slotted into the conversation, the looks, smiles. Little sis wasn't attached, no current boyfriend despite her good looks and revealing clothes, fingering but not getting fucked. Frustrating for her I guess and there was indeed suspicion that mom and I had fucked.
Tuesday evening mom was out visiting her sister. They could talk and drink wine for hours on end, then the day after spend an hour on the phone just sharing gossip. Sis had no cash. No cash, no boyfriend, nothing on tv worth watching. 300 cable channels and nothing to watch, total crap or repeats on every channel. Why the fuck mom paid so much money for so much crap was beyond belief. Still, she paid so it wasn't my worry.
"Chris," Angie asked, in an unbelievably shy, sheepish way, "Can you, you know, can you do what you did in the car."
"You mean the *click*, *click*, *click*?"
She never shifted, no hint of a sudden arousal. The spell had worn off.
"Did you know you'd left the bathroom door open when you showered?"
Surprisingly she blushed. "You asked me to."
"And the rest?"
She laughed, nervously. "I don't know. I had my eyes shut. You were supposed to be invisible. I wanted to sense you there but didn't want to see you."
"So you know I was watching you."
"I do now."
Angie baby had the chance to become a good detective.
"Oh come on Chris. You've been pissing your pants to see my tits since they first started sprouting." She wasn't wrong, but from small beginnings they'd grown to interesting proportions.
"So why did you put on such a good show?"
"You fuckin' perv. How much did you see?"
"Hell, Angie, you've got the best fuckin' body in the North of England and you wanna know why I wanna see it?"
"But it wasn't just my tits, was it Chris?"
"Did you get horny thinking I might be watching?"
"Go fuck yourself."
"I'd rather watch you do it. Hell, Angie. You left the door open, you knew anyone could see."
"That didn't mean you had to watch."
"But it made you horny, didn't it sis?"
Angie went quiet, blushing, unsure what she did want.
"What's all this with you and mom?"
"What?"
"All this attention she's giving you. Are you fucking her?"
"Ah, so you're jealous, Angie baby."
"No, I'm not ... So, are you fucking mom? She must be gagging for it after all this time."
"I'd rather fuck you."
"Christopher. You pervy turd."
"So it's ok for me to hypno-fuckin-tize you? And to lick your cunt out because you're so horny you just had to cum hard."
"So have you, or not?"
"Have I done what?"
"Have you fucked mom?"
"That's our business, not yours."
"So you have?"
"What's it to you Angie? Are you jealous? Not able to get a boyfriend to fuck you? Sweet little virgin Angie?"
"That's my business." I figured I'd touched on a nerve then.
"So Angie baby, we're even now."
Angie was quiet for a few moments.
"So Chris, darling, what about you make me hypno cum again. It was real, I was so relaxed and so horny. Please."
At that she hitched up her skirt, opened her legs just enough I could see the dampness between her legs, seeping into her pale green thong. I was aware of my own hardness.
"Why so now?"
"Firstly, mom's out and will be for a while. Secondly I'm due on anytime now. Thirdly when I'm due on I get fucking horny. As you can see." She shifted her ass forward, hiked her skirt a little more and made it so I could plainly see the damp gusset. Man, I was rock hard. This bitch certainly knew how to persuade.
"So what's it worth to me?" I was very much in the bargaining seat.
Angie eased herself up, expertly removed the soaked thong, kept her skirt hiked well up and spread her legs as she sat down. She threw the thong to me.
"Is that an invitation?" I asked, unsure.
"For fuck's sake Chris. Start talking, get me under. Sniff my panties if you still need persuasion, but from the bulge in your pants it seems you're already persuaded."
"So do I get to fuck your sexy little cunt or not?" I put the soaked panties to my nose. Mmmmm, 'Eau de Pussy' my favourite fragrance. The pheromone enriched fragrance never failed me.
"Make me cum like I did before and I'll consider it."
I had been so determined not to use hypnosis for my own fun, but surely Angie was doing the pleading. It wasn't for my own fun. Period.
Bollocks.
It would be easy, so fucking easy. Angie was so willing, she'd be more than easy. And so the deed was done.
"Every touch makes you tingle all over. Every *click* and the tickles and tingles get more sexier than before."
Hey, people.i don't wanna bore you with all the hypno stuff again.
"So sexy like a stripper who wants to give her sexiest performance. Strip for me Angie."
It seemed like Angie was considering it. I needed to deepen the trance, make her more responsive. The words 'hypno slave' didn't come to my mind until much later. Given time I could have two, maybe three hypno slaves.
"You have to please me Angie, you know I can make you cum like a thunderbolt every time. You want that, don't you Angie?" Sleepily, almost lost now in another world, she stood. Blinking away the depth of the trance she slowly, even seductively, gave me a very personal lap dance. Fuck, how much was I now wanting to fuck her ass off. I wanted my love cannon buried deep inside her. Greedy? Fuckin' true I was greedy.
"You can sit little sister. You can sit and let me see your juicy cunt."
Her cunt was oozing, almost dripping down on to the cushion below. I couldn't help but wonder whether essence of cunt would help fragrance the room.
*Click* by *click* I brought Angie to the brink of orgasm, drip by drip the damp patch spread.
Heartless bastard I was, I denied my sibling the huge, precious orgasm she desired. She could wait.
"You'll be gagging for my cock inside you, pleading with me to make you cum." And with that I brought her out of my spell.
"Chris, I need you, you must, please."
"Must what?"
"Are you stupid or what? You've been ogling my tits and my cunt and talking, talking, talking but I haven't cum yet." She paused, then with some real power in her voice:
"So drill me out. NOW."
*Click* "Or what?"
Angie shivered as if a thousand vibrators had been set upon her.
"Please Chris. I need you, want you inside me."
"So show me how much you need me." *Click*
Another shiver passed through her, from brain to cunt in milliseconds. She sprang to her feet, ripped my pants and CKs down, watching my baby cannon spring out, ready for duty.
Despite her copious lubrication, Angie was very tight. I doubt she was still a virgin, but I also doubt anyone would find her an easy lay. In my estimation Angie could easy be a prick teaser, though she'd bj'd me with some skill. But she was tight and that was good for us both. Good for me definitely, plenty of muscle to stimulate and milk me. Good for her, because she would feel full and all those nice little young nerves would give her much pleasure.
It was never one way, either. Once I'd managed to get inside her she was going to make it worthwhile for both of us. I could feel her muscles flex, eager to grip me. Her gentle moans of pleasure encouraged me to return the favour. I slowly picked up the pace, from slowly moving inside her in case she was unused to being fully filled. It felt good for both of us so I moved a little faster, hearing her breathing deepen from the thrill of being filled. Her body took over, lubricating her pleasure tunnel more and more.
Her moans were soft, welcoming, but as I pumped harder her moans became louder. Her language was gutteral, words I'd never heard her use. Mixed in were words of encouragement, asking me to speed.
"Yes, Chris, yes. Fuck me like a while. Fuck me like I was street trash you want to punish. Make me sore, harder Chris, harder."
Then: "Faster Chris faster. I shouldn't have rejected you, ignored you. You're the best fuck I've ever had."
Her tits were jiggling, moving like jelly on a plate. Taking her lead I grasped hard, pulling the copious flesh, squeezing, hurting. Then her nipples. I'd seen Angie harshly treat her nipples in the shower. I pinched, pulled, squeezed hard.
Angie's comments stopped. I rammed in hard, using the full length of my cock, awkwardly re-entering her at times, having pulled back too far. Her panting became harder, faster, her voice producing squeals, grunts, moans as my groin hit hard against her cunt lips.
I knew I was going to cum. It was inevitable, so I slowed.
"No, Chris, no. Please don't stop. Don't slow. I'm almost there."
We were in perfect harmony. Brother and sister as one, co-ordinated, synchronised.
I gave it all I could, muscles starting to ache as I pumped faster
And faster
And ... It built quickly inside me. That point of no return. That very, very pleasurable time when it's impossible to avoid pumping thick hot sperm into that most pleasurable receptacle. That warm, tight welcoming hole.
I speeded up again as fast as I could physically manage, banging my all into little sister's cunt. It came. That huge release, that delightful pumping, that fantastic euphoria, all squeezed into a few seconds glimpse of heaven.
Almost immediately than my uncontrolled pumping began, Angie screamed in delight. I almost thought she'd passed out as the ripples of orgasm pumped and pumped through her. Within mere seconds we'd both reached the zenith of mutual explosion.
---
The euphoria we'd shared gradually subsided. No words were spoken, no words were needed. Feeling exhausted I finally rose to fetch two beers from the fridge. A smile from Angie. A hardly audible "Thank you" from her lips. Nothing more was needed except a smile and a "Thank you" from me.
*****
To be continued as and when I am able. Please try to be patient!