Note to Reader: This is a sequel to "My Sister's 7 Days of Shame". While this story can stand alone, I strongly recommend reading this series in order.
Summary to this point: After an intense week of sexual humiliation while home alone, younger brother Jimmy (18) has successfully trained his sexy older sister Sofia (21) as his slave. Sofia commits to a life of sexual servitude with her brother Jimmy as her Master. The only thing standing in their way is the return of their parents.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 1: New Beginnings
The traditional roles between a younger brother and an older sister are often unhealthy. As the oldest, my sister Sofia fostered a need for independence. Her useless younger brother could only delay that freedom. In turn, I never felt obligated to look out for her. She became another obnoxious voice of authority for me to seek revenge on.
The years spent under this spell twisted my mind. Fantasies of revenge consumed me. While many share my desires, somebody like me would rarely get the chance to experience them.
Sofia and I's sexual journey changed our dynamic for good. The barrage of degradation stripped her of her ego. Persevering her reputation no longer mattered to her. The freedom society had promised her through independence was instead granted through submission to her younger brother.
As for me, what I thought were simple desires for revenge unmasked themselves as a deep love for ownership. My short week of sexual pleasure evolved into much more than a few orgasms. I achieved something significantly more meaningful.
With great power came great responsibility. It became my duty to care for Sofia as my slave. Our relationship migrated from humiliation and punishment to pleasure and protection. We became a caring S&M couple.
The return of our parents created a need for discretion. While I missed the days of having free rein in the house, the added possibility of our parents catching Sofia did excite me.
Since Sofia had to be dressed outside of my room, I laid out skimpy outfits for her to wear each day. Small crop tops that pushed up her breasts, tiny skirts that hardly covered her, and chokers that signified her commitment to me.
It didn't take long for Sofia to take pride in dressing like a whore. She made the effort to create her own slutty uniforms. With my approval, she dressed to impress me.
During the day, we made use of vibrating plugs. Sofia did all of our chores while I played with the vibrator app on my phone. The excitement of random pleasure added joy to her undesirable duties.
I loved keeping her on edge all day with our parents walking around. Watching her struggle to suppress moans in her embarrassing outfits while washing dishes and cleaning toilets was incredibly arousing.
Once our parents headed to bed, we were free to do whatever we wanted. I taught Sofia to report to my room with a single text. I taught her a slave greeting each time she entered. After stripping off all clothing, she would prostrate and recite it.
"Hello, Master. It is an honor to be in your presence. Please use this body to your heart's content."
Whether I had her pleasure herself on the floor, dance for me like a stripper, or suck my dick, we would ultimately cap the night off with passionate sex. We made use of blindfolds, ropes, vibrators, and gags in the bedroom. My stamina had gotten to the point where I could make her climax twice before I did.
My arms became Sofia's safe place after her paralyzing orgasms. We shared kisses and hugs afterward in bed. I squeezed her tits and kissed her neck as we spooned.
I quickly fell in love with the small intimate moments. The feeling of my cock inside of her couldn't compare to her innocent little moans, the subtle flinching from my hands touching her sensitive points, or the feeling of her tits pressed against my chest. While we didn't want to separate, our parent's presence required us to sleep in our own beds.
Chapter 2: Parental Supervision
Our father never batted an eye to what was going on. He tended to ignore both of us as he was super busy with work all of the time. Our mother, on the other hand, took issue with Sofia's clothing.
My mother was a fiery individual at 40 years old. Outside of her delicate wiry frame, she shared the same height and hair as Sofia. Despite her age, my friends always joked about my mom being hot. While her boobs were on the smaller side, she had a cute face like Sofia.
Mother was the pretty girl of our town before Sofia came along. Since she gave birth at 19, she didn't get to be the pretty girl for long. Despite her glory days behind her, my mother remained obsessive about her looks. Her makeup, clothing, diet, and lifestyle were all dedicated to reclaiming her youth.
Not only was she living out Mother's dream, Sofia was the reason her dream was taken from her. Tension built between them as a result of my mother's insecurities. Sofia's new outfits became the straw that broke the camel's back.
Things came to a head once our father left town for work. Each summer he had to travel to New York for a week. Sofia and I were left alone with our mother for those 7 days.
Not even a day after he left, Sofia and my mother got into an argument. We were eating dinner when Mother challenged Sofia.
"Sofia, what did I tell you about these outfits? You're not in a porno. Put on some clothes for god's sake!"
Sofia crossed her arms with an accompanying frown.
"Why do you have to make an issue of everything? I'm not in high school anymore. You don't need to boss me around."
My mother put her utensils down.
"I don't care how old you are if you're in my house you will dress respectfully. Don't make me ground you. As long as you're under my roof you will follow my rules. Is that clear?"
Frustration showed on Sofia's face.
"Oh my god! You're so annoying! I'm an adult I can make my own decisions. Just drop it."
Mom chuckled.
"I don't think an adult would choose to wear that. Do you think people will respect you if your monstrous boobs are hanging out? No one wants to see those."
Sofia's face flushed with anger.
"You're so mean! I'm not bothering anyone! Stop taking your insecurities out on me! It's not my fault you're not pretty anymore!"
Mother gasped.
"That's it! You're grounded! No leaving the house until your father is home. Clear the table and head to bed. You need to think about what you just said."
Mother got up a bit frazzled and headed to her room. Sofia's words resonated with her. I sat silently while this all went down. It was not the time for me to intervene.
Sofia got up and cleared the table. She was exhausted from the yelling match. She didn't say a word until she cleared everything and headed to my room.
While lying in bed, she asked a difficult question.
"Jimmy, do you love me?"
Having cared for Sofia over the last few weeks, I loved her as my slave.
"I do."
She smiled and turned to face me.
"Do you promise to protect me as long as I'm your slave?"
This was the first time Sofia was vulnerable in this manner. I wasn't sure why her fight with Mother caused this.
"Of course. Why?"
Sofia looked into my eyes.
"Just making sure."
I let the conversation end there. I had a hard time falling asleep that night. I tossed and turned wondering what was running through her mind.
Chapter 3: The End of Motherhood
The next day I awoke a little later than usual. I stumbled out of bed and got ready. As I wrapped up, I heard moans coming from the other room. I rushed out fearful that Sofia was compromising our pact after what she said last night.
I never could have imagined what awaited me on the other side of my door. In the center of the living room sat a wooden chair from our kitchen table. The chair faced my door with rope wrapped around the arms and legs of the chair. A vibrator buzzed against the bottom of the chair. Tied to the chair was my fully naked mother.
My jaw dropped to the floor as I watched her tremble. Her moans from the rumbling vibrator between her skinny spread legs were muffled by the red ball gag in her mouth. In addition to a blindfold over her eyes, a thin silver collar wrapped tightly around her neck.
Before long, Sofia emerged from behind our mother.
"Morning Sir! Do you like what you see?"
Sofia placed her hand on my mother's head and softly tilted it back and forth.
"Sofia, what's going on? What are you doing?"
A million thoughts ran through my head. I was fearful, aroused, confused, and impressed. I had no idea Sofia had this side to her.
"I decided to take matters into my own hands. Just as you did with me, it's time I taught her a lesson. Isn't that right, Mother?"
Sofia pressed her right cheek against Mother's left as she leaned over her shoulder. Her hands gently caressed each of Mom's breasts. She squirmed and whined in discomfort as Sofia teased her nipples.
"Shhhh! You're embarking on an exciting new journey, Mother. Such cute little boobies. I can see why you consider mine 'monstrous'. Isn't that what you called them?"
All I could do was take in her body. She had perky round boobs a bit smaller than Sofia's. Her pussy was also small, but certainly more used. Once stripped of her clothing, she was nothing more than another powerless cute girl.
I couldn't help but inquire further about what Sofia had planned.
"What's your plan, Sofia? How are you going to keep things from getting out?"
I underestimated Sofia. This was a much more thought-out scheme than I had anticipated.
"This collar around her neck can only be removed with a key I hold. I can send shocks large enough to knock her out with the click of a button. The collar also has a proximity control that operates like an invisible fence around the house. I can modify it to specific rooms if need be. As long as she has this collar on, she can't escape me."
"In addition to the collar, I have confiscated all of her devices used for communication. This way I can keep Dad and others from finding out anything is wrong with her."
"I know I wasn't supposed to do this without your permission. If you want to punish me after I accept. Just please promise me you'll help me train her as you trained me. She can become our slave as I became yours."
I gave up on normal life once I took in my sister as a sex slave. Adding my mom into the mix wouldn't change that. Now that Sofia had broadcasted our relationship and her plan to my mother, I was in too deep anyway.
"You've left us no choice Sofia. Our secret is out now. The only way to protect it is by making her a part of it."
As I approached our mother, I reached behind her head and undid her gag.
"Jimmy! Ughh...what the fuck are you two doing...ohhh! You have to get me out of this!"
I squeezed her shoulders and whispered in her ear.
"Relax. We're going to leave you like this for a bit longer. When we feel you've had enough, I will untie you. Until then, do your best to endure it."
I pulled the gag back up to her mouth.
"Jimmy please...nooo...I can't take...mmffff."
I kissed her forehead and headed to my room with Sofia.
Chapter 4: The Beginning of Enslavement
While Sofia and I drafted our plan, it became clear to me that my love for domination far exceeded what I thought was simply an affinity for my sister. I loved my mother, but that love could not compare to the feelings granted by her helplessly at the mercy of my sister and I.
Before we tended to our mother, we confiscated all of the clothing from our parent's room. Deciding when she was allowed to wear clothes was an important part of the plan.
When we finally circled back to our mother, a puddle had formed around her pussy. Streak marks from tears trailed down her face. Drool surrounded her mouth and dripped from the gag.
Sofia turned off the vibrator. My mother's body continued to shake. With her still gagged, Sofia broke down what would transpire over the coming weeks.
"That'll do for now Mother. You handled that quite well. I suppose I should fill you in on what's happening to you."
"During the week you and Father were gone, Jimmy unlocked my true self. With some harsh training, he opened my eyes to the joys of servitude. Since then, he has gracefully accepted me as his slave."
"Like usual, you can't seem to stay out of our way. We've decided you will become a part of our pact as a result."
"From now on, Jimmy will be our Master and I will be your Mistress. We will decide what you wear and do each day. Once your training concludes, you will serve and obey each of us without difficulty. You will learn to love being a slave as I have."
"When I remove your gag, I want you to acknowledge us as your superiors. Once you comply, I will untie you."
Sofia removed her gag. Our mother didn't spend any time considering what Sofia had just told her.
"Sofia, what the hell are you talking about? Your brother's slave? Are you out of your mind? As soon as I'm untied, I am calling your father and then the police. You won't get away with this!"
Sofia emotionlessly replied.
"Unfortunately, you're in no position to reject us. In fact, you will never be in such a position again. You will soon understand your predicament. I advise you listen to Jimmy and I if you don't want to be punished."
With a shaky voice, Mother cried out.
"Fuck you! We're a family! I don't know what happened when we were gone, but this needs to end now!"
Sofia's face filled with disappointment as she looked upon our mother.
"I suppose you need more time in the chair. After that, things should become more clear."
Sofia turned the vibrator back on. Within seconds, our mother begged for forgiveness.
"WAIT! No no no...Ok! Ok! Ok! PLEASE! Turn it OFF! I'll do what you say! I can't take any more of this!"
Sofia let her beg for a little while longer before giving her one more chance to comply.
"I will give you one more chance. Consent to doing what we say. Address your new Master and Mistress accordingly. I better not hear either of our first names."
My mother gritted her teeth before letting out a pathetic admission of defeat.
"YES MASTER AND MISTRESS I WILL DO WHAT YOU SAY! IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT? PLEASE JUST LET ME GO!"
Sofia looked at me with an ear-to-ear smile.
"There you go, Mom. It seems you finally understand what you're up against. There is a lot more to come. Let this serve as a reminder moving forward."
Sofia turned off the vibrator.
"Starting tomorrow, we will begin your training. Until then, you can stay in your room."
I untied my mother from the chair and brought her to her feet. Undeterred by her exhaustion, she put up a small struggle to break free. Sofia used this opportunity to test out her collar. Mother dropped to her knees grabbing at her collar in pain. Once I brought her back to her feet, she slowly walked with me to her room. Mother hid behind her covers catching her breath as Sofia explained what was to come.
"Alright Mother, you'll stay here for now. Jimmy and I confiscated your old clothing. You'll be in your birthday suit until we decide to dress you."
"I have adjusted your collar to confine you in your room. Despite my disgust for you, I don't want you to get hurt. Please don't try to escape or your collar will go off."
Mother lowered the cover from below her eyes to below her chin. The look on her face was priceless. She didn't know what to do. It was clear we held the keys to her fate. While she hadn't yet accepted it, you could see her helplessness.
"Sofia, Jimmy, you have to stop this. Whatever the two of you have gotten into can be fixed. Please, you can't keep me in here like an animal."
Sofia and I looked at each other with amazement.
"We all have to start somewhere Mom. You'll just have to listen to what Sofia and I say for now."
Mother rolled over in bed and angrily told us to get out. After sealing her inside, Sofia and I prepared for the following day. As much as it should have been me leading the charge, I enjoyed watching Sofia apply what I've taught her. I was proud of her development.
Chapter 5: Fostering Obedience
Sofia and I spent our first night together since our parents returned home. I woke up to her lips softly wrapped around my cock at 11 am.
"Good morning, Sofia."
"Good morning, Sir."
"Put my cock back in your mouth. Once I finish, we'll go grab Mom."
"Yesh...shurr."
After showering together, Sofia threw on one of her sexy two-piece outfits and grabbed a leash from my closet. She decided to wear a small white front-tied crop top with a black mini-skirt and shiny red heels. Once I approved, we headed to grab our mother.
As we left my room, we heard our mother banging on the door.
"...Sofia...Jimmy...please let me out of here...."
Standing behind her bedroom door was our naked mother just as we left her. She covered her chest with one arm and her pussy with the other.
"Finally! I've been trapped in here for far too long. Where are my clothes?"
Sofia crossed her arms and leaned against the door frame.
"Don't ask stupid questions. Besides, you won't be needing them today anyway."
My mother looked at me defiantly.
"Jimmy, why are you letting your sister do this? Talk some sense into her, please! This is ridiculous!"
I stepped into her room towering over her at 6'.
"It's in your best interest to listen to her, Mother. She holds the key to your collar after all. I don't want her to have to shock you again."
Mother looked up at me with a mean glare.
"Fine! I can't believe you two. At least let me eat something. I'm starving."
Sofia stepped in from behind me.
"If you want to be fed then you will follow our instructions."
Mother was in disbelief.
"What is it now? Yesterday you tied me to a chair and strapped a vibrator to me. Now you've taken my clothes and won't give them back. What do you two think you're doing?"
Sofia chuckled and gave me a queue. She handed me the leash in her hand and continued speaking.
"You've always been such a bitch, Mother. Today, you're going to behave like one. You are going to be Jimmy and I's pet."
I clipped the leash to her collar and forced my mother to her knees.
"Hey! What are you doing? Ughhh! What the fuck? You can't be serious! What do you mean by your pet?"
I spoke over Sofia.
"Stay on your knees and listen, Mother. You will spend the rest of the day on the floor dressed as you are. As Sofia mentioned, you're going to serve as our pet for the day."
"As a pet, you won't have to do any thinking. Sofia and I will feed and take care of you in exchange for your obedience. If you listen, today will be painless."
"Being humiliated and embarrassed is only natural while you adjust to a lower status. Either way, you will listen to what we say. That includes referring to us properly. You will be punished if you don't."
My mother looked up at me with shock and frustration.
"Jimmy please I don't want to be a pet! I'm so embarrassed already! Yesterday was so traumatizing! I don't want either of you to see me like thi...OWWW!"
Sofia used the control on her phone to shock my mother. Her patience had run out.
"That's level 2. If you don't want to feel level 3 then you will stop whining and obey. Do you understand? What would a good girl say?"
Mother frustratingly squeezed her shoulders in pain from the zap. She pondered her options for a minute. Eventually, she looked up at Sofia with fear in her eyes. Under her breath, she mumbled.
"...Yes...Mistress."
Sofia patted my mother's head and grabbed the leash from me.
"Good girl! Let's get you some lunch."
Sofia tugged her onto her hands and knees. Mother uncomfortably looked back to find my eyes glued to her exposed lower half. I followed behind my pathetic mother as Sofia dragged her to the cold tile on the kitchen floor.
"Here we are. Sit Mother!"
She looked up at Sofia with uncertainty. Mother hesitantly lifted off her hands onto her knees and sat.
"Good girl! You're a fast learner! Let me get your hair for you."
Sofia tied Mother's hair into a high ponytail without issue. Once her hair was cutely tied up, Sofia opened a can of soggy ground beef and poured it into a metal dog bowl. Sofia placed Mother's meal on the ground in front of her.
"Here you go! Chop chop! We have a long day ahead."
Mother looked at the bowl with disgust. She shifted her eyes from Sofia to me in hopes of another option. I placed my hand on the back of her neck as I squatted beside her.
"Eat Mother. I know you're hungry. You will not get another chance today. Be sure to make the most of it."
I shoved her head towards the bowl forcing her onto her hands. With her face in the bowl, I slapped her on the rear.
"Oh! Hey! Ok! Ok!"
I joined Sofia's side to watch our mother reluctantly force down her meal. She looked up at us periodically with a frown while she chewed. Eventually, Mother lifted back to her knees. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and let out a sigh.
"Was that good Momma? You cleaned the bowl! Here is some water to wash it down."
Sofia swapped bowls with one full of water. Contrary to her food, Mother spared no time consuming the contents. With her back arched and her naked rear in the air, she slurped up every last drop.
"Wow, someone was quite thirsty weren't they? What should you say to your owners now that they've fed you?"
Mother looked up at Sofia with a scowl.
"...thank you?"
Sofia picked her phone up from the counter. Before she unlocked it, she hesitated. She set her phone down and crouched in front of our mother.
"I suppose you are just a dumb pet after all. Maybe I should be more understanding."
Sofia placed her hands on each side of Mother's face.
"I know it's frustrating being so stupid, but try your best to think back to the last time you didn't listen. If it's too difficult for you to speak properly I will let you bark like a dog for the rest of the day instead. Your choice!"
Sofia stood up and crossed her arms. Mother stared at the floor in defeat.
"...thank you...Mistress."
My delicate little slave continued to develop into an impressive mistress before my eyes. As long as Sofia observed her responsibilities as my slave, I had no issue letting her explore her dominant side on our mother.
My mother's development as a sub was equally impressive. With a couple of shocks, she was already referring to her children as Master and Mistress.
Sofia and I spent the rest of the day having her perform tricks for us in the house. Sit, roll over, beg, and several others were enforced. What was disguised as an embarrassing game, would later reveal itself as an important lesson in following orders.
Putting her in various dog-like positions gave us better access to her body as well. We both made sure to rub every part of her face, chest, stomach, back, and ass. Her body was ours to play with no matter how uncomfortable it made her feel. Sofia spent most of the time toying with her boobs. They quickly became an obsession of hers.
I physically suppressed the many struggles that arose while we groped her. Each time she fought back, I shoved her face to the floor and spanked her.
The sun eventually set on our mother's utterly degrading first day of training. Sofia and I enjoyed some late-night TV in the living room while she sat naked and defeated on the floor beside us. From the ground, our mother spoke up.
"Umm...Sir?... I need to use the bathroom."
I decided to take things from here.
"Sofia, I will take care of her. Why don't you head to bed?"
Sofia looked a bit disappointed.
"Are you gonna leave without me? I wanted to come with you."
I felt like a father leaving his daughter behind. Regardless of how I felt, Sofia was not ready for this type of training.
"Trust me. You will get plenty of time with us tomorrow. Now, disable the collar."
Sofia sassily accepted.
"Ugh! Yes, Sir."
I picked up Mother's leash and pulled her to her hands and knees. She followed behind me as I led her down the hall. As we passed the bathroom and approached the back door, Mother spoke up.
"Uh...Sir? We passed the bathroom."
Mother survived the day well, however, the night would be her toughest challenge yet.
"Don't ask any more questions, ok? I am your owner. I know where your bathroom is."
Mother tugged on her leash as I cracked the back door. I turned to find her with a look of panic.
"No...umm...I can't go outside. What if someone sees me? We'll both be in huge trouble."
Mother was correct. Outdoor play was a risk I had not taken prior. Nonetheless, I was prepared. No one in the neighborhood should be up this late. As an additional safety measure, I reached into my back pocket for the ring gag I once used on Sofia.
"Shhhh. You're ok. You don't have to worry. Your owner will take care of you."
I grabbed her agape mouth and forced the ring gag in. With this, no one would hear my mother if she swallowed her pride and cried for help.
My mother looked up at me with her tongue hanging out of her mouth. The gag added so much to her pathetic look. All she could do was whimper as I led her to the street.
"Alright Mother, we're going to go for a walk. If you don't want anyone to see you, crawl to the park as fast as you can. The longer we're out here, the better chance we have of being caught."
Fearful tears rolled down her face. She was terrified but desperate to get inside. Without a way to reason with me, she followed along with my proposition. She urgently crawled ahead of me towards the park.
Our neighborhood was old and dark. There was one operational street lamp on the way to the park. 10 minutes into our walk, we reached it.
"Head towards the lamp pet. It's time for you to relieve yourself."
Mother turned in terror. She grabbed her leash with her hand as she backed away from the light. She desperately mumbled in denial.
"I know it's scary, but this is what pets do. We will not leave until you do your business. I wouldn't want to be caught naked on my son's leash if I were you."
After frantically looking around, she mustered up the courage to reach the pole. She closed her eyes and squatted against it. Before long, a heavy stream flowed from her vagina. I approached her as she soaked the concrete beneath her.
"That's it, girl. You really had to go. There's no need to be embarrassed. This is what pets do."
I rubbed her head as she looked up at me with wet eyes. Things were moving smoother than expected.
Mother continued her journey to the park. We arrived a little after she marked the street lamp. Upon arrival, I sat on a park bench. Mother continued to observe her surroundings before settling on her knees in front of me.
"You've done a great job today, Mother. Being a pet is not an easy adjustment to make. Especially, when it's your children who own you."
"It may not seem like it, but you're slowly adapting to your new life. Soon, being seen won't be a fear of yours. You'll enjoy having others humiliate you. You'll look forward to obeying Sofia and I. I promise to teach you the joys of being my slave."
Mother continued to watch me repulsively. I could tell she was anxious to get back in the house. I decided it was time to cap off her outstanding first day.
"Before we go home, you have one more task to complete. Would you like to know what that is?"
Mother anxiously nodded her head.
"I am going to remove your gag. When I do, you will not say a word. I don't want anyone to find you."
I unclipped her gag. She shut her mouth and rubbed her sore jaw.
"It's time you use that mouth of yours for something more meaningful than whining. You are going to suck my dick. Once I finish, we can go home."
Mother was stunned. Despite the immense humiliation she went through that day, sucking her son's cock topped it all.
"Jimmy! Sorry, I mean Sir! Please! can't suck my son's penis. Our lives will change forever if you make me do this. You must see how insane this is!"
Mother still did not realize the position she was in. She was never going back to normal life.
"I am your Master. Would a son walk his mother around like a dog? Shake your pride and submit to my cock. Otherwise, I will keep you here until the sun rises and the other mothers bring their kids out to play."
I whipped out my throbbing dick and stroked it in front of her. It didn't take long for her to give up on preserving her dignity. It was better to lose it with me than with the other moms.
She slowly reached for me with her right hand. She shivered as she made contact with my stiff cock. Her small bony hand was a beautiful change of pace from Sofia's.
Mother stared in discomfort as she considered what she was about to do. I encouraged her to hurry up with what was at stake. After a couple of failed attempts, she was able to wrap her lips around the head of my penis.
I guided her with her hair up and down. Each little gag brought me closer to the edge. Her regretful blowjob didn't last long. Watching my mother reluctantly blow me depleted my control. I busted within minutes. My load caught her by surprise. She held it in her mouth contemplating what to do.
"Show me what's in your mouth."
Mother opened wide. My cum had collected on her tongue.
"I want you to hold that in your mouth on the walk home. If you swallow or spit it out before we get there you will be sleeping outside tonight."
Mother sulked the whole way home. Despite her pouting, she kept my cum safe inside her mouth until we reached the back door. Before sending her to her room, I made sure she swallowed all of it.
Our first day was a smashing success.
Chapter 6: Rebirth
Sofia waited up for me that night. Once I put Mom to bed, I filled her in on what transpired. While she felt left out, she understood my decision. I ate her out as a reward for being so compliant. Her moans echoed throughout the house as my tongue pleasured her small clit. I very rarely ate her out and her quick yet violent orgasm showed it.
Sofia and I woke up snuggling in bed once again. The days of her sleeping tied up in my closet or on the floor were far behind us. Training our mother brought us closer together.
Sofia and I prepared for what would be another wonderful day. She threw on a short-sleeved black denim crop top without a bra underneath. She wore white denim booty shorts to match. I let her wear brown leather strap wedges instead of heels for today's exercise.
By the time we entered Mother's room, she had showered, done her hair, and applied her makeup. We caught her as she exited her bathroom in a bath towel. Regardless of her dehumanization the day prior, she stubbornly continued to maintain her beauty.
"Good morning, Mother. Are you excited for your 2nd day of training?"
Mother was speechless. She avoided making eye contact with Sofia.
"Awe, what's the matter? I heard you had an exciting night."
Sofia giggled as she teased our mother.
"You made for a great pet, Mother. Master told me all about your walk of shame to the park. I wonder what was more embarrassing, peeing like a bitch at your son's command or swallowing his cock at the park bench where you and your friends used to sit."
Eventually, Mother had enough.
"Ok, I get it! Stop laughing at me! I've learned my lesson ok? How much longer are you two going to punish me? I can't believe what you've made me do. Please just make it stop!"
Sofia's laughing faded.
"Oh boo-hoo! You're such a baby. Lucky for you, you're going to be human today. We're even going to let you wear clothes!"
Although she was suspicious, Mother failed to conceal a small smile. Even if it meant more punishment, she was relieved to be treated like a human again.
"Why don't you lose the towel and follow us to the living room? We will get you dressed."
Mother dropped her towel and cautiously followed. In the middle of the living room sat a folding table. On top of it lay wipes, baby powder, and a diaper.
"Alright Mother, let's get you dressed. Lay on your back for me so I can put your diaper on."
Mother had been naked for two days. During that time, she was groped and treated like an animal. Yet, the prospect of her daughter putting her in a diaper reignited her pride.
"Oh come on! This isn't necessary. I'll do whatever you want, but I don't need to wear a diaper. Please just give me my clothes ba...AHHEEE!"
Sofia gave her a shock.
"You really do have the mind of an infant. I'm only going to say this once more. Get your butt on the table. Do you understand?"
Mother picked at the collar around her neck. Eventually, she moved towards the table.
"Ugh! Yes, 'Mistress'."
Mother lay face up with her pussy facing Sofia. I grabbed her hands and held her still while Sofia got to work. Sofia grabbed two wipes and started wiping Mother's inner thighs, pussy, and stomach. Mother squirmed and groaned while Sofia prepared her. After a few pumps of baby powder, I lifted Mother's legs high. With her ass off the table, Sofia slid the diaper underneath. Manhandling her like a little girl gave me a unique rush. I snuck in a playful smack on her ass before setting her back down. Mother stared at the ceiling in discomfort as Sofia taped her shut.
"Wallah! A nice fresh diaper for you Momma! Now, let's get your clothes."
I sat with my mother as she lay frozen with embarrassment on the table. It didn't take long for Sofia to return with Mother's outfit for the day. Sofia forced Mother to dress. Dejected, she put it on without a fight.
The outfit was a small pink onesie with frilly white lace around the shoulder and neck openings. It covered her diaper for the most part. Minus her frilly white ankle socks, her legs were completely exposed. In addition to the onesie, Sofia tied her hair into pigtails and tied a small pink bow around each one.
When her work was finished, Sofia took a picture and showed her.
"Oh my god! Look at how cute you are!"
Mother didn't feel the same.
"No, I look ridiculous and you know it. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd rather be naked. Please, you got your picture. Can I take this off?"
Sofia pinched Mother's cheek.
"We can't run errands with you naked, silly. You're not a pet anymore. Humans have to wear clothes in public."
The blood drained from Mother's face.
"Please tell me you're joking? You can do whatever you want to me, but I can't let anyone see me like this. If someone recognizes me my reputation will be ruined."
Sofia pointed the screen of her phone towards Mother's face.
"If you don't want this posted online, you will be a good little girl. Even if we run into someone, it's better than the neighborhood Facebook group getting their hands on this."
Mother was once again speechless. She stared at the ground discouraged. Nothing she tried worked. Her begging was useless.
"Now, it's time for your breakfast. Since you are dressed like a toddler, you should eat like one."
Sofia sat on the couch. As my mother stared at her with confusion, I slid my right arm under her legs and placed my left arm behind her back. I startled her as I lifted her off the ground.
"Hey! Put me down! What are you doing?"
I carried her over to Sofia.
"Taking you to your mother. She's going to feed you."
I laid her on Sofia's lap. Mother curled up as Sofia positioned her towards her breasts.
"It's time you apologize to my 'monstrous' chest. You're going to suck these nipples like the hungry baby you are."
Sofia unbuttoned the one button holding her top together. Her breasts dangled over Mother's face. Mother reflexively tilted her face away. Sofia grabbed her face and pushed her right tit to Mother's mouth.
"No, no, no, that won't do. Don't be a brat. If you can suck a penis then you can suck on my nipples. This should be easy for you."
Similarly to my blowjob at the park, she recognized her predicament. She slowly opened her mouth and began sucking on Sofia's right nipple.
I joyfully watched from afar as Sofia relished in her revenge. She moaned and squeezed her left boob while my mother sucked on her other nipple. Dominating my mother was fulfilling, but watching the two of them switch roles was even better. Mother had been reduced to a helpless diapered infant forced to suck on her daughter's superior boobs.
She sucked until Sofia was satisfied. Sofia pulled Mother's mouth off of her breast and reached inside a bag next to the couch. Sofia revealed a baby bottle full of white liquid which we prepared earlier that morning.
"Good job Mom. You may suck on your bottle now. This should fill you up."
Mother stared at Sofia with concern and hesitation before eventually caving. Mother sucked on the bottle until it was empty. Unlike her meal yesterday, she didn't seem to take issue with the taste.
With her fed and dressed, it was time to run our 'errands'. After a small tantrum, a reminder from her collar, and the looming threat of the photo, we were able to get her strapped in the back of the car. Before we left, we introduced the final piece of her outfit. While Sofia held her mouth open, I pushed in a pacifier gag and strapped it behind her head. Not only did it add to her silly appearance, it kept her from calling for help.
We drove to a more secluded area of the large park near our home. Keeping this a secret was still a priority for a select few of us at least.
Having parked the car, it was time to break out the stroller. We modified an old one we found on Craigslist that was large enough to fit our mother in. We added cuffs for her wrists and ankles to avoid her wrestling her way out of it.
I forced her into the stroller with little effort. Once we were ready, I let Sofia push the stroller. We headed down a secluded trail. All Mother could do was sit there and wait while Sofia and I enjoyed a nice walk.
20 minutes into our exhibition, a figure came into view heading towards us. Mother noticed them immediately. Outside of the awning blocking her face, there was nowhere to hide. The stroller shook as she made the effort anyway. Little did she know, this meeting was arranged. In due time, my friend Jake's mother reached the three of us.
Mrs. Levine was a pretty blonde with breasts that rivaled Sofia's. She was long and skinny with bright blue eyes. She had on a matching black workout set that hugged her ass and tits perfectly as she met with us on the trail.
Jake's mother and my mother were in the same friend group growing up. They were both awfully popular gorgeous girls. The two of them competed with one another as much as they hung out as friends. Over the years, the two of them drifted apart. Similar to how Mother resented Sofia, Mrs. Levine resented my mother.
The two of them talked shit about each other constantly. They made close to no effort to hide their disagreements from us. For that reason, Sofia and I felt comfortable reaching out to her. We offered her a chance to get revenge on our mother. Once she was sure we weren't setting her up, she joyfully accepted.
"Jimmy! Sofia! What's up, guys!"
Mother recognized the voice. The stroller began to shake again.
"Mrs. Levine, good to see you! Jimmy and I have brought a surprise for you."
Sofia pulled back the awning revealing Mother's face. She looked up at her former rival and best friend in shock.
"Oh my god! Tiff is that you? What are you doing in a stroller?"
Mrs. Levine chuckled as Mother's face turned beat red.
"Awe, look she's embarrassed. Are you surprised to see me? I love your cute little onesie!"
Mrs. Levine leaned towards her. She began tickling my mother as she lay immobilized in the stroller.
"Are you ticklish little one? Yes, you are! Gosh, you're so adorable! You're even cuter than you were back then!"
Mother frantically tried to break loose. She closed her eyes and screamed through her gag to no success. Suddenly, a strong smell filled the air. Mother had filled her diaper.
The formula we concocted that morning was primarily milk, yogurt, and a laxative. We weren't sure what to expect, but this was exactly what we hoped for.
"Oh no! Mother, you need a diaper change! This is so embarrassing! You couldn't hold it until Mrs. Levine left?"
Mrs. Levine was overtaken with laughter.
"Sofia don't worry! I was you in a past life. I know where you can get her changed. Here, follow me."
We followed Mrs. Levine to a park shed with a family bathroom. We strolled Mother inside and locked the door behind us. Against the wall was a sturdy wooden changing table.
Sofia and I held our breath and got her out of the stroller. She made a pathetic effort to break loose once again. With the three of us present in the middle of the woods, she stood no chance.
The three of us stripped her down to her diaper and got her on the table. I once again pinned her arms down while the ladies took care of her bottom half.
"Mrs. Levine, would you like to do the honors? You are the pro after all."
Mrs. Levine grabbed the wipes from Sofia.
"Alright Tiff, let's show your kids how it's done shall we?"
Mother squirmed and cried as Mrs. Levine broke open her diaper. She lay helplessly exposed as her childhood rival wiped her vagina clean.
"Look at this pretty little coochie! No wonder the guys favored you. Sofia, would you mind lifting her legs so I can get to her butt?"
Sofia grabbed my mother's ankles and lifted them.
"Who could forget this cute smooth ass. It's as tight as ever."
Once she was completely cleaned, Mrs. Levine gave her a couple of slaps on each cheek. She then slid the new diaper under her. Finally, Sofia lowered Mother's ankles back to the table.
As Mrs. Levine rubbed in the baby powder, she had some words for our mother.
"This is quite the situation to find yourself in Tiff. Jimmy and Sofia filled me in on what has happened so far. I think it's good that someone has finally put you in your place."
Mother lay completely naked, gagged, and restrained. All she could do was listen as Mrs. Levine continued to massage her pussy and inner thighs.
"You have great kids. You'll make a great slave for them. I'm jealous that they get your precious skinny body all to themselves. Just remember, I'm right down the street. If you give them any trouble they have me on speed dial."
She taped up the diaper and said her goodbyes. We covered Mother up and walked her back to the car. The ride home was silent. Mother was stunned. Even with her gag removed, she had nothing to say.
As soon as we were back inside, Mother broke her silence.
"When will this training end? I'll be a slave. Make me your pet for all I care. Please just tell me what I need to do to end this awful training. I promise I'll do whatever it takes."
Sofia waited patiently while our mother broke down. It took 2 aggressively humiliating days, but we had reached the turning point.
"Your training will end when you consider yourself a slave. We will strip you of your ego. The identity you once had will be erased. You will become an object with the sole purpose of pleasing your owners. Only then can you be freed from fear and humiliation."
"With that said Mother, you were a bad girl today. You were sassy and uncooperative. Not to mention, pooping yourself in front of Mrs. Levine? You're lucky she was understanding enough to take care of you."
Mother patiently listened.
"Master is going to spank you and you're going straight to bed after. Tomorrow, we will talk more about your training."
Mother didn't hesitate this time.
"Yes Mistress, I apologize."
I sent Sofia to my room. The past two days were intense. While she crushed them, I felt guilty for throwing Sofia into the fire for my amusement. I could tell she was exhausted.
With Sofia relaxing in my room, I took control of my mother. I stripped her completely naked and walked her to the couch.
"Alright Mother, lay over my knee. Each time I spank you, you will count and thank me. You will count to 20. If you don't count properly, I'll redo the slap until you get it right. Understood?"
Mother pressed her belly over my thighs.
"Yes Sir."
I gave each cheek 10 slaps.
"1! Thank you, Sir."
"2! Thank you, Sir."
"3! Thank you, Sir."
Holding my mother's ass in the palm of my hands deeply satisfied me. It took me back to Sofia's first spanking. There is nothing like breaking in a slave. I couldn't help, but spread and squeeze her cheeks as I slapped them.
"14! Thank you, Sir."
"15! Thank you, Sir."
"16! Thank you, Sir."
As I approached 20, I migrated my hands toward her pussy. Sofia was deep in a nap. My mother had no fight left in her. I felt it would be the best time to experiment with her.
"Uh! Sir? Uh! Hold on!"
I slid my fingers inside of her. I held her in place with my other arm as she twitched.
"Stay still, Mother. Just try to enjoy this."
Outside of a few flinches, she did her best to stay still. The hope of preserving her dignity had subsided. Surviving the moment was all she could focus on.
"Mmmmfff...uhhhh...ohhh...."
Her pussy was a lot looser than Sofia's. I got up to 4 fingers inside her. With each finger, her moaning got louder. It was as if she hadn't been pleasured in a while.
"Oh my god...Ugh...please...mmmhhhm..."
Her moaning motivated me to keep going. I finger fucked her until her moans turned to high-pitched cries.
"UHHHH...OHHH...HOLY SHIT!"
Her pussy turned into a fountain as her limbs flailed. She sprayed all over the floor.
"Woah! I didn't know you were a squirter Mother. I guess my fingers and your pussy are a great match."
Mother caught her breath while she embarrassingly stared at the floor.
"Why don't you clean this up before your daughter sees? Chop-Chop!"
I slapped her on the ass prompting her to get off my knees. She stumbled to the kitchen weak in the knees as she retrieved a rag from the kitchen. Mother wiped up her mess on all fours without saying a word.
"That's good. Now, you have one more thing left to clean. Open your mouth."
Mother kneeled and opened wide just as she did when I finished the other night. I lifted my sticky hand to her lips. Gently, I used her tongue to scrub off her juices. All four of my fingers made their way to her uvula. She gagged each time I reached the back of her throat. Drool dripped down her chest as I continued to work my hand in and out of her throat.
Once she finished sucking her fluids off of each of my fingers, I had her bite down on the rag. I gave her 30 seconds to crawl to her bedroom before I enabled her collar. Mother compliantly crawled to her bedroom with the wet cloth in her mouth. I made sure to shut the door behind her as she entered.
Having washed my hands, I headed to my bedroom. I woke Sofia as I got into bed with her. We snuggled and complimented each other. I was so proud of what she accomplished over these last 2 days. Mother had been broken in. She was ready to start the second phase of her training.
To be continued...