Although this story is fine to read on its own, if you did not read the previous chapters you should go back since they give background to this story.
We slept until pretty late in the morning, having exhausted ourselves from the previous night's drinking and fucking, which included having Kim join us with contact for the first time. This was a milestone since Cheryl had previously said she was OK with Kim watching us have sex, but not with us fucking since she and Kim were friends (and roommates) and she didn't want it to get weird between them. Although I had not fucked Kim, I had a front row seat last night to some nice girl on girl action between Cheryl and Kim. I didn't even touch Kim at any point, but I did get to watch her lick my cum off of Chery's freshly fucked breasts and her neck and face and feed it to Cheryl in a hot kiss so they could share.
This is the scene that I was thinking of as I lay in bed, watching Cheryl sleep and replaying the previous night in my head. Kim had gone to sleep the same time we did, in her own bed, but when I woke she was gone and I hadn't heard her leave. So it was just me and Cheryl in the room.
Cheryl woke up eventually and looked sleepily into my eyes. She was so cute, even first thing in the morning. She kissed me and then squinted and held her head to her forehead and slouched onto the mattress on her back, her tits making the bed sheet prop up like a circus tent.
"Oh....babe I have such a headache."
I held her close to me. "Well, a hangover will do that to you." I also had a bit of a headache but was in better shape than she was.
"Can I get you some ibuprofen?"
"Yes please," she said weakly. "The bottle is over there on my dresser."
I came back with a couple pills and a glass of water, which she swallowed down. She then lay there silently and I could tell that she was thinking about what happened the night before.
There was a long silence. At first I wasn't sure if she remembered what happened given how drunk she was.
"I can't believe I made out with Kim like that."
"OK so you remember." I smiled and stroked her hair gently.
"Yes. I hadn't planned for that to happen. I'm so mad at myself. So embarrassed."
"Why are you embarrassed? I thought it was beautiful. I was so turned on watching you. And believe me I'm pretty sure Kim liked it, too. I've never seen her orgasm like that."
I was speaking from experience here. We both had watched Kim get herself off many times while watching Cheryl and I have sex. But this time, with Cheryl's hands and lips on Kim's breasts while she brought herself off, was obviously more intense.
Cheryl curled up in the fetal position facing away from me.
"I just didn't want to cross that line. But I came back from the party so horny that something just came over me. I lost all my inhibitions. What the hell was I thinking?"
"Well that was a lot of booze you drank." I smirked.
She turned and looked at me.
"Did you do anything to her? Did she touch you?"
I quickly answered back.
"No and no. I just stayed focused on you."
Cheryl turned back, seemingly relieved.
"Well I certainly didn't." She paused, still thinking about the previous night.
"I've never done anything with a woman before."
"Babe, it's OK. You didn't do anything wrong. We've talked about this. I want you to explore your sexuality and do anything you want to do. Anything that feels right. There's no reason to hold anything back as long as we're all consenting adults. There's no problem here."
"Yeah so I guess I'm a lesbian now? Or bisexual?"
I chuckled a little. "Well you're definitely not a lesbian. I think you like cock too much." As I said this I pushed my hard morning wood against her leg. She smiled at me.
"Yeah that's true I could never give up your cock. I'm hopelessly addicted." She giggled and gave me a kiss and gave my morning wood a few strokes.
I started to get into her manipulations on my shaft until she stopped.
"Ugh, I'm sorry I have such a headache from this hangover and my mouth is so dry. I don't think I can right now."
Disappointed, I told her it was OK and leaned back on my elbow, lazily stroking my cock while we talked.
"I think you're just experimenting. There's nothing wrong with that."
"Well, I'm mostly heterosexual. That's for sure. But I guess I have an explorative streak".
"I saw you dancing pretty close with Megan last night. I think that's what made you horny too."
"That was so much fun." Cheryl again paused for a long time, replaying last night in her head and smiling. "Megan is so nice."
Cheryl then looked at me. "You liked seeing me with Kim, didn't you?"
I smiled big at this one. "Damn right I did! Couldn't you tell? My cock was so fucking hard! You must have felt that."
Cheryl smiled. "Well yeah I did." Then she did that cute giggle that I love so much.
"Well don't expect a repeat performance because she's my roommate and my good friend and I I shouldn't have done that. I'm just glad that you didn't do anything with her."
My heart sank at that last comment. I didn't want Cheryl doing anything she regretted. I loved her and just wanted her to be happy. But I was also disappointed that her attitude towards Kim wasn't changing after last night.
"Yeah, well. You were pretty drunk. And I knew better than to touch her."
Cheryl looked at me inquisitively. "Well not only is she my good friend, but I don't know if I'm ready to see you with another girl! I don't know how I'd react." Cherly put on her cute, pouty face. " I mean, would you want to see me with another guy?"
"I don't know. Maybe."
"Seriously??!! Maybe?" Cheryl sat up, surprised at my response.
"Well, you know, as long as I knew that you were mine I might be OK with it. I don't know. It's hard to predict how I would feel. But remember last night how all those guys were talking to you and hitting on you at the party? It kind of.....well....turned me on a little."
"It did?"
"Yeah, it did. I mean sure I was a little jealous, but I thought that it was hot that all these other guys desired you but at the end of the night I got to go home with you. Because I know that you love me and ultimately want to be with me. I think I would feel the same way if you were intimate with someone."
Cheryl paused. "Hmmm... I never thought about it that way I guess." Then she thought for a few seconds, obviously replaying it in her head. "Well it was fun having all those guys watching us dancing on the bar. And yeah, the innocent flirting. But you were the only one I wanted hitting on me."
"Well I'll think about it after I get rid of this migraine. And I still don't want you doing anything with Kim."
"OK babe. Whatever you say. I love you."
I took her in my arms and kissed her. She could feel my bulge pushing into her leg.
"That hard on isn't going away, is it?"
I looked down at my throbbing cock. "No it doesn't look that way. Sorry."
Cheryl rolled her eyes. "You and your dick." She thought for a moment, then pulled the covers back, revealing her amazing body to me. Every time I see it it's like the first time. Blows me away.
"OK just a quickie because this migraine is killing me. But I must admit that I have gotten wet again during this conversation." Cheryl giggled and spread her legs.
She didn't have to ask me twice. I climbed right on top of her. I knew when she got like this that she wanted no foreplay, just my cock. I knelt between her spread legs and slid it into her. She gasped as she felt me enter her and squirmed as her pussy adjusted to my invading cock as I filled her up with my meat. So fucking tight as usual. I began pumping her pussy, setting up a nice rhythm. It was sex more than making love, but it was also intimate in a way too as it was just us. No audience this time as Kim was not back yet. I plowed into her tight cunt again and again as if she was the last woman in the world. Cheryl moaned as I picked up the pace and raised her legs up so her knees were on either side of her head. This rotated her pussy up and allowed me to hit angles inside her that I normally couldn't. I loved how flexible she was from her days as a cheerleader. As I felt my climax approaching i began to fuck her harder and faster. Cheryl knew I was getting close.
"Mmmmmmmm. That's it Brett. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy."
"Use my pussy to get off. You like using me as your little fuck toy, don't you? You like making me your little slut?"
"OMG I really do," I said as I pounded her pussy with long deep strokes now. I wasn't concerned about lasting a long time. I just wanted to blow my load in her.
Cheryl's voice got louder. "Use that pussy. Fuck it. OMG fuck it harder!!!"
I was thinking that people could hear her out in the hallway but I didn't care. This felt too good. The tightness of her pussy. The dirty talk. The look on her face. The way her tits were rhythmically bouncing as I drove my cock into her again and again. All this stimulation sent me over the edge.
"I'm going to cum in your pussy now you little cum slut," I said. Playing along with her. "I want you to take all this load inside you".
Cheryl looked me dead in the eyes and gritted her teeth. "Mmmmmmm. Give it to me. Hold me down and fuck me till you cum."
I held her legs and thrust into her one last time, balls deep as my cock erupted and I painted the insides of her with a huge load of cum. She moaned each time my body jerked as shot after shot filled her insides. She smiled and then rolled onto her side.
"Now I'm nice and relaxed and can go back to sleep." I let her drift off and went to take a shower.
The next few nights Cheryl and I had some intense sex pretty much every day, as if some kind of animal had been awoken inside us. But not with Kim in the room. A few days turned into a week, and still it was just us fucking alone. Don't get me wrong, I had no complaints. The sex was great, but the exhibitionist in me had really enjoyed Kim watching, and of course her joining in with Cheryl that one time. I wanted to bring it up with Cheryl but I didn't know how to approach the subject. I know that after that night she and Kim had talked and everything was fine between them, but it seemed like Cheryl had gone into her shell a little didn't want to fuck in front of Kim for now. We would fuck between classes whenever Kim was gone, or during the night if Kim was asleep. Between our sexual escapades during the night every now and then I would wake up and look over at Kim and I could see her eyes open, watching us. But then Kim would quickly close her eyes once she realized nothing was going to happen. I could tell that Kim had noticed the change in our behavior.
Weeks went by and it was the same. I did eventually ask Cheryl about it and while at first she dodged the question she eventually admitted that she was surprised at how she had acted with Kim that night, and she acknowledged that she'd now gotten a little apprehensive about doing it in front of her. Would she lose her composure again? She was worried about it affecting their friendship. I reminded her that she was drunk that night and even despite that it seemed that her friendship with Kim was strong as ever. I was a little disappointed with her feelings on it but I hid that from her. I told her that if we were ever going to go back to the way it was, we both needed to be on board with it. And I supported her no matter what. As long as I was with her. She smiled at me and kissed me. It's true I missed Kim, but my heart was definitely with Cheryl.
A couple more weeks went by. Our sex has been amazing recently but again it was just us. One day we were coming back from lunch at the campus center after fondling each other in a secluded booth in the dining hall. We were both horny and raring to go as we walked back to her dorm, groping each other along the way in preparation for another session of afternoon delight. Kim was not typically in the room at this time and Cheryl was definitely wet from the fingering I had given her under her skirt. As we walked to her room, I got my keys out and unlocked the door. As we opened the door a little I heard a faint buzzing sound that I'd never heard before. Cheryl and I stopped dead in our tracks and looked at each other for a moment and then without a word we slowly went inside.
We quickly realized that Kim was there, lying on her bed facing away from us. But from our vantage point I could only see the back of her head on the pillow and her bare knees protruding in the air. At first my heart sank a little because I wanted to fuck Cheryl, but as we approached my mood quickly changed. Kim was lying on top of her bed comforter, and she was a site to behold. She was wearing a black garter belt with thigh high nylons and a pair of black crotchless panties. A black balconette sheer bra completed the ensemble. Her legs were bent and spread, and between her legs, Kim was rubbing her clit and labia up and down with a pink 8 inch vibrator.
Cheryl and I were stopped in our tracks like deer in headlights. We barely looked at each other. Our eyes were just drawn to Kim and her hot body and the sexy sight we were beholding.
Up until this point Kim had not made eye contact with us. She obviously knew we were there but she was just focused on herself, stimulating her clit with the vibrator and rubbing her hand over her stomach and breasts. I knew that she knew we had been avoiding her when we had sex. But we loved being naked in front of her. And now this clever girl had turned the tables on us. She was the one exposing herself now, and we were the captive audience. I guess the waiting had just gone on too long for her.
Kim finally looked at us with a sultry look and smiled that cute smile, her shoulder length brunette hair framing her face and making a nice contrast with her skin. The black lingerie she was wearing was driving me crazy. I looked over at Cheryl, not sure what to do. Chery was just transfixed staring at Kim, her lips slightly parted. I had seen this look from her before. She was obviously very turned on by the site.
Then Cheryl, without a word, motioned for me to sit down on our bed with her. The room was fairly small so we were only a short distance away from Kim as we sat there and took in the scene. This was really hot, now watching Kim for a change instead of her watching us
Cheryl started moving her hips and running her hands all over me as we watched Kim. I was already quickly getting hard and she grabbed my hard dick through my pants and I squeezed her big tits through her blouse. After a few minutes of this Cheryl began undressing, pulling her blouse over her head and exposed her tits clad in a white bra. I pulled my shirt over my head and began undressing as Cheryl removed her bra and pulled her skirt down. As I removed my pants and boxers, my cock springing forth in its full girth. Cheryl removed her panties as Kim watched us undress, smiling as she continued to pleasure herself.
We sat back down on the bed and Cheryl laid back and spread her legs and started rubbing her own clit. I made a motion towards Cheryl and put her left nipple in my mouth and my hands went to her crotch but she quickly stopped me.
"No. We are watching her now."
Cheryl looked at me with a sexy glare and settled back down, spreading her legs, turning her eyes back to Kim who continued to look at us as she masturbated.
I laid back down, my cock sticking straight up in the air. I grabbed it by the base and continued stroking as I watched the scene in front of me. Cheryl lay next to me, her hands between her legs, her upper arms unintentionally pushing those massive tits together as her fingers stroked up and down her labia. Chery's eyes were fixated on Kim. If there was any apprehension about being with her roommate apparently that was gone now. She was not drunk this time. She was just enthralled and masturbating while looking at her roommate. She was making eye contact with Kim, who stared right back at her and continued to move the vibrator up and down between her own pussy lips. She pressed it hard against her clit and her eyes closed for a moment and her mouth opened, enjoying the vibrations. She opened her eyes again and looked at Cheryl and again at me. Her eyes fell to my cock as I stroked it, pleasuring myself while watching her pleasure herself. Cheryl also watched me stroke. I had done this for her many times before but we never had an audience while I did this. Cheryl reached over and cupped my balls a little as I stroked, lifting my scrotum and rolling my balls between her fingers, teasing the sensitive skin underneath with her fingertips. All the while she continued to rub her own clit.
Kim began to tease the opening of her pussy with the tip of the vibrator, up and down between her lips. Then, not taking her eyes off us, she slowly inserted the dildo inside her as her mouth opened and she cooed with pleasure. Cheryl and I masturbated faster as we watched Kim take the cylindrical vibrator deep within her, and adjusted the vibrations to her liking. She held it inside her, enjoying the sensation. Then she started sliding it back and forth inside her.
We watched Kim fuck herself with the dildo for a few minutes. My cock was as hard as a rock and I could have cum right there but I was edging myself, just enjoying the view. Cheryl got up and got between my legs, sitting on my thigh and kissed me deeply, putting her tongue in my mouth. I thought to ask her if she had had a change of heart and if this was OK again, but I didn't want to spoil it. Cheryl's hand replaced mine and she stroked my cock for a minute before standing up between my legs and turning around so her back was to me but she was facing Kim. She was blocking my view of Kim somewhat but I had a great view of Cheryl's tight ass and flaring hips, so I still had plenty of eye candy. She reached between my legs and held the base of my cock as she slowly lowered herself into my lap.
It felt exquisite as the head of my cock entered Cheryl's pussy, her labia inviting me in and coating me with wetness and her vagina squeezing me as more and more inches disappeared inside her. Cheryl took me in and nestled down on me, reverse cowgirl, which allowed her to get fucked by me and watch Kim at the same time. I held her hips and helped her slowly raise and lower onto my cock as she used my dick to pleasure herself. I could see over Cheryl's shoulder that Kim was watching us, inserting the dildo back and forth in her own pussy at the same speed as Cheryl was sliding up and down my hard pole. She worked my cock with her hips, sliding up and down while at the same time thrusting her hips a little forward, milking my cock in the process. It was hard to keep from cumming but I didn't want this to end yet.
Cheryl picked up the pace, sliding up and down on my cock faster. I thrust up into her to meet her on each downstroke, reaching up to hold her massive tits to support them as she bounced. I rolled her hard nipples between my fingers as she rode me, occasionally bearing down on my rock hard dick and holding it inside her deep as she thrust her hips forward and backward, in a circular motion, feeling me inside her. Kim also buried her vibrator to the hilt inside her, then slid it's length in and out her, matching Cheryl's tempo.
Both girls were moaning but I could tell from Cheryl's moaning that she was getting close. She quicked her pace and I held her hips and thrust into her deeply, now assaulting her wet pussy from below with hard upward thrusts.
"Mmmmmmmm. MMMMMMMMM. Ohhhhhhhhh! OMG I'm gonna cum......I'm cumming!!!!!!"
Cheryl screamed as she bounced on my cock again and again, her body having spasms as her wetness coated my throbbing cock and dripped down onto my balls. I held onto her frame, watching her ass tremble and keeping her impaled on my hard cock as she rode it to multiple orgasms one after another, soaking my lower half with her juices by the time she was done.
Cheryl lay back against me, my hard dick still inside her, a glazed look in her eye as she basked in the afterglow of her orgasm. Kim just drunk the visual of us in as she continued to pleasure herself, holding the vibrator inside her deeply as she moved her hips, no doubt imagining that it was a real cock, my cock, inside her.
After a minute Cheryl composed herself and stood up, allowing my cock to spring free from her tight pussy and slap back against my stomach with an audible "thwap". It lay there against my stomach pulsing and shiny wet from just being fucked, still hard and throbbing as I hadn't cum yet.
Cheryl slowly walked over to Kim and sat down on her bed, next to Kim's feet, watching intently as Kim fucked herself with the vibrator. Cheryl started massaging Kim's feet and calves and knees, kneading her flesh as Kim opened her eyes and looked down at Cheryl. I continued to stroke my dick and watch as Cheryl's hands moved upwards past Kim's knees, massaging her creamy thighs. Cheryl's olive skin against Kim's pale legs was a nice contrast, and Kim responded by moaning louder and moving her hips in time with the movements of the vibrator inside her.
Cheryl's hands continued to move up until her hands were on Kim's hand, which was working the dildo in and out of her. Kim spread her legs a little more and Cheryl's fingers traveled up a little more, finding Kim's hard clit and starting to rub it.
This floored me because Kim had never touched another woman's vulva before to my knowledge. Last time it had just been Kim's tits so this was a whole other level of hotness. Cheryl sat there between Kim's legs, massaging her hard love button as Kim moaned in approval, setting the vibrator to a higher speed and moving it back and forth inside her.
After a few minutes of this Cheryl moved her hands over the vibrator and slowly pulled Kim's hands away from it, now fully taking control of the stimulation that Kim was feeling. Kim spoke out an audible "Oh, OK...." with a cute giggle that quickly turned to a drawn out moan as Cheryl buried the vibrator deep inside Kim's pussy, holding it there and putting her other hand on her clit, pressing down so her clit would get the vibrations from inside her under the pressure of her hand. Cheryl then began thrusting the toy back and forth inside Kim's tight cunt as I watched Cheryl's hand move back and forth between Kim's legs. Kim arched her back and moaned, lifting her ass off the bed as Cheryl fucked her with the dildo in her hand.
I stayed where I was and stroked my hard dick, in almost complete disbelief at what I was witnessing. I could have easily cum right there but continued to edge myself as I wanted to see Kim cum on that dildo. I could tell that she was getting close.
Cheryl looked at me and gave me a sexy wink and a smile as she sat there sliding the firm dildo in and out of her roommate. Cheryl's huge boobs swayed back and forth with the motion of her hand as she brought her closer to orgasm.
Cheryl then motioned for me to come over to them. At first I was like "Who? You mean me?" But I quickly composed myself and stood up and walked over to them, my cock bobbing in front of me with each step as I approached.
Cheryl, not missing a beat of her rhythmic manipulation of Kim's pussy, looked me in the eye as Kim and I looked at her, waiting for her direction.
"I want you to jerk yourself off all over Kim's tits."
Cheryl looked at Kim with a smile and Kim gave her cute smile back, reaching under her and removing her bra, now allowing her firm, pointy tits to freely point towards the ceiling in their own true shape. I stepped over towards Kim's torso, standing next to the bed perpendicular to her lying on the mattress, and started stroking my hard cock over Kim's body. Cheryl continued to thrust the toy into Kim, and Kim's eyes went from looking at my throbbing manhood to rolling back in her skull as she approached her own orgasm. She opened her eyes again and watched me jerk off for her. Her orgasm was coming quickly as her breathing started to get short. Kim had seen my hard cock before but this was as close to her as it had ever been as I bent my knees, stroking it just a few inches above her chest. My balls swung rhythmically back and forth as I continued to stroke myself closer to cumming. Kim smiled up at me, holding her tits together and creating some cleavage as she held her firm globes in her hands, like two peaks with nipples at the summit waiting for me to make them snow capped mountains with my semen.
Kim hadn't said much but finally spoke in her cute, seemingly innocent voice..
"You can cum on my face, too if you want."
I looked over at Cheryl and she winked at me, nodding in approval. I increased the pace of my stroking, getting closer and closer.
Just then Kim started moaning faster and her breathing got really shallow. She was helpless now to stop her orgasm and Cheryl's motions with the vibrator sent her over the edge. She arched her back and came loudly as Cheryl buried fucked her a few more times with the dildo before burying it deep inside her, holding her full of the vibrating invader as she rubbed her clit. Kim convulsed on the vibrating tool as wave after wave of pleasure swept over her, soaking the dildo and Cheryl's hand with her wetness.
This view sent me over the edge as well, as Kim's back was arched, her perky tits pointing up at me waiting for their prize. I stroked really hard and fast.
"Fuck I can't hold it any longer. Uggghhhhhh! I'm gonna cum all over you. Ready??!!"
Kim responded by sticking her chest up further and pressing her tits together with a smile between gasps. She was just coming down from her own orgasm and exclaimed "Yes!" just before the first blast of cum left the head of my cock and splashed into the cleavage between her breasts. Shot after shot rained down on her tits and her hands that were holding them together. My cum coated her nipples and some got on her chest and neck as Kim closed her eyes and arched her neck, opening her mouth and sticking her tongue out. I took this as an open invitation and pointed my still spasming manhood at her face, unloading stream after stream onto her pretty face and shooting through the air onto her waiting tongue.
Cheryl shouted in approval.
"Yeah girl. Take that load of cum!" as I continued to flood her tits, face and mouth with my sperm until I had none left.
I finally staggered back to the bed and sat down, sweaty and exhausted, my balls completely drained as Kim smiled at Cheryl and rubbed my cum into her breasts like moisturizer. Cheryl stood up and grabbed a towel and licked some of the sperm off Kim's face before kissing her, feeding her more of my cum. I liked watching Kim's throat muscles contract knowing that she had swallowed my seed. Cheryl then handed her the towel so she could clean up while we all sat there together, basking in the afterglow.
We talked for a little while and it seemed like everything was back to being OK again. But I wanted to get Cheryl alone to make sure that she was OK with what had transpired. I know her so well that I can tell when she is just acting happy but wasn't happy. I finally got her alone at dinner as the two of us sat in the campus center. She was quiet. I tried making light of the situation.
"So that was unexpected today."
Cheryl looked lost in thought. "That was a moment of weakness. I shouldn't have let that happen. I wasn't expecting that." She held her face in her hands and shook her head.. "I got carried away again."
"Well she kind of turned the tables there. She put on a show for us instead of the other way around. I guess she was missing us taking the initiative."
"But she's my roommate. And my good friend."
"Yes but I think everything is fine. I love you and I want to respect your feelings but maybe you're more worried about this than you need to be? I mean, we obviously all enjoyed that. It was really hot actually, wasn't it?
Cheryl looked up from her hands and gave me a little smile. Not saying a word, but eventually she rolled her eyes and nodded in agreement.
"OK so maybe there's no problem here?"
A twinkle returned to Cheryl's eye as I could tell she was thinking about our sex again. It's like a whole new persona takes over, even just for an instant. "It was really hot. I get wet just thinking about it. I love that we've found this new way to express our sexuality. I never thought I would be comfortable....you know....fucking in front of someone. I just don't want it to wreck things. She's my roommate and I don't want it to get weird.
Cheryl continued. "And I know there hasn't been any physical touching between you two, and I appreciate that," she said as she put her little hand in mine. She was so damn cute. "But I can see where this is going. Eventually we'll get carried away and it's going to lead to that, and like I said I'm not sure that I'm ready to see you with my roommate who also happens to be one of my best friends. If I don't like it then it will ruin our whole dynamic with Kim and we're stuck together."
I tried to reassure her. "Well, first of all, we're not stuck together. Would you be less worried if the whole roommate scenario was not in play anymore? In the summer we can look into getting our own place off campus or something?"
Cheryl slumped back in her chair, thinking some more.
"Hmmmmm. That's true."
"And we could have Kim come over as often as we like and as often as she likes. But it wouldn't be a roommate thing anymore. No pressure."
I suddenly was worried about what I had suggested. I liked doing things with Kim and in front of Kim. If she wasn't rooming with us anymore would our little three way flirtation come to an end?
"Well OK but the summer is still a few months away and we can't move out until June at the earliest. What are we going to do until then?"
"Well we'll just have to keep our composure," I said, throwing my hands up. "You'll just have to find a way to control yourself around me." I smiled and joked. "I know it's not easy."
Cheryl smiled and gave me a playful slap on the shoulder. "You and that big cock of yours are the ones who need controlling."
But then she continued. "I have to say I will miss it. But the sooner we get our own place the better."
"And in the meantime we'll just have to keep each other satisfied. And if something does happen it's no big deal because we're moving out anyway."
"Maybe so but I don't want anything to happen with her. Let's keep that straight."
"OK babe. Whatever you say. I love you."
"I love you too. So much."
The next few weeks were uneventful. Studying for classes. Going to the occasional party or out to dinner. We were all over each other every chance we got of course but no further escapades with Kim. We tried to find other ways to fulfill our voyeuristic tendencies. Fooling around in places where we might get caught, like in the library or in the car. Leaving the curtains open and the light on when we fucked in the room. It was hot of course, but still not like being with Kim as far as I was concerned. And I think Cheryl felt the same way but we never spoke about it.
One night we went to another party at Jamie and Megan's place. I've described them in previous chapters. Jamie was one of my good friends on campus, slightly taller than me, light brown hair, and very sexual. He had no qualms about talking to me about his sexual conquests with his girlfriend Megan, but he also made it very clear that he thought Cheryl and Kim were "two of the hottest pieces of ass on campus." I always laughed it off.
Megan was a really cute brunette with hair down to the center of her back. She stood a little taller than Cheryl but not by much. Although she usually dressed in baggy or loose fitting clothes, she had this banging body underneath that she didn't show very often. She had a really thin frame with an hourglass figure and a nice set of C or D cup tits. Not as big as Cheryl's but bigger than Kim's and definitely nice. Tonight, true to form, she was wearing a loose fitting dress that still showed some of her curves and she looked really cute
We rolled in and exchanged hugs and made ourselves comfortable. Cheryl was wearing a skirt that showed off her toned legs and tiny waist. She wore a tight fitting pink top that was snug enough so you can see the outline of her bra underneath and her tit flesh spilling over the top of the cups of her bra under her blouse. Her tits kind of jiggled with each step and this did not go unnoticed by Jamie for sure. I caught him staring a few times.
The last few parties that Cheryl and I attended involved her drinking pretty heavy and me helping her stumble home. This time it was very much the opposite.. Jamie and I just sat down and downed several beers and did a few shots while watching a hockey game on TV, while Megan and Cheryl were in the other room talking. We were there for a couple hours and at some point I must have passed out sitting upright on the couch. I can hold my own when I drink but Jamie could definitely drink me under the table.
I'm not sure how long I was passed out but I woke to the sensation of someone plopping down on the couch cushion beside me, and the feeling of that same person rubbing my leg and adjusting my clothes. I was still half out of it when I felt my jeans being unbuttoned and someone reaching into the front of my pants and massaging my cock and balls. At this point I also heard giggling in the room. I smiled and continued to lay back, just enjoying the sensation and not wanting to open my eyes. After about a minute I felt my cock, which was still only partially hard due to all the alcohol, being taken out and exposed to the cool air in the room. But almost immediately that cooler sensation was replaced by a warm and wet sensation around the entire length of my shaft. I gasped and opened my eyes to see Cheryl sitting next to me with her head in my lap giving me a blowjob. I moaned and gathered her hair up in my hand on the back of her head like a ponytail and watched her deepthroat my cock. She then looked up at me and smiled as she licked the shaft up and down. It was at that moment that I looked across the room and realized that we were not alone. In the chair at the opposite side of the room sat Jamie with Megan on his lap, watching Cheryl go down on me. Needless to say I was not expecting this to happen.
"Oh...hi..." I said, making eye contact with them while still in a drunken stupor as my cock was expertly sucked by Cheryl, making it get longer and harder in her mouth.
Jamie and Megan both smiled back at me. Jamie chimed in.
"Having fun over there, Brett?"
I didn't say a word and just looked down at Cheryl as she continued to suck my hard cock to its full engorged length. Cheryl took her mouth off me and smiled at me while she stroked me.
"Well you had fallen asleep and I just couldn't think of any other way to wake you up," she said with a sarcastic smile.
I continued to look down at her. "No complaints here." I could tell that she had some drinks in her as well which may have given her this liquid courage, but I had no objections. I then applied some pressure to the back of her head to encourage her to put my dick back in her mouth. She did so and her head started bobbing up and down.
I looked over at Jamie and Megan. Both of their eyes were slightly glazed over and their mouths hung open slightly, transfixed watching Cheryl suck my fully hard cock.
Megan was the next to speak.
"Wow....that's a big one."
Jamie responded. "Yeah this fucking guy is hung like a horse." Then he looked at Megan.
"Does that turn you on?"
Jamie then reached up and cupped Megan's left breast through her dress, causing Megan to turn her head to him and they started kissing and making out.
Watching them starting to go at it got me even more worked up. Jamie's hands were all over Megan's tits and Megan had slipped her hand down the front of Jamie's pants and was playing with his cock underneath his clothes. All the while they kept looking back at what Cheryl was doing as her head bobbed on my rock hard schlong as it pointed up to the ceiling. I moaned as her right hand went to the base of the shaft and started jerking me off in rhythm with the movements of her mouth. Her left hand went to my balls, caressing them as I squirmed in my seat on the couch. I reached down and cupped Cheryl's full breasts over her top. No matter how many times I touched them I couldn't get enough. I looked over at Jamie and made eye contact with him for the first time. I could see how envious he was of me and how much he was enjoying the show. Megan just stared at Cheryl and her ministrations on my hard dick.
Cheryl looked up at me and saw me looking over her shoulder at Jamie and Megan. She let my cock slip out of her mouth with a loud "pop" and looked back at Megan, who smiled back at her with a glaze in her eye that oozed horniness and arousal.
Cheryl made eye contact with Megan and finally spoke, still holding my cock.
"Well? Are you going to come over here and help me with this or not?"
Megan froze momentarily like a deer in headlights, but then glanced over at Jamie with an inquisitive look.
"You OK with this?"
Jamie didn't say a word but just smiled, put his hand on her lower back and pressed forward to push Megan off his lap in our direction, leaving no doubt that he was OK with it. Megan stood up and walked the few steps over to Cheryl and knelt down next to her as Cheryl pulled my jeans and boxers down and off of me. I spread my legs to allow both Cheryl and Megan to be between them as Cheryl resumed licking and sucking my hard cock. Megan knelt there and watched, licking her lips and staring intently now with a front row seat to what was going on. Cheryl stopped and raised her mouth off my throbbing dick still covered in her saliva, and, sensing her insecurity, reached behind Megan's head and pulled her face closer to my groin as I spread my legs more.
"Lick his balls," Cheryl commanded as she pulled Megan in close to me and engulfed the head of my cock with her mouth again. I shuttered and moaned again as I felt Megan's tongue start to wet my balls with her saliva and her lips plant kisses on my sac as Cheryl began a rhythmic sucking of my meat again. Oh my God I was in heaven having these two hot mouths on me at once as the girls started to get their hands involved, with Cheryl's hand going to my shaft and Megan cupping my balls so she could bring them up to her hot mouth easier. I was so turned on that began to thrust up into Cheryl's mouth, begging her to take more. Her lips made an air tight seal around my shaft and I saw her cheeks hollow and she sucked hard as I fucked her face for a minute, trying not to cum from these two vixens with their mouths between my legs. The contrast of Megan's brown hair and Cheryl's blonde hair as their heads moved together was intoxicating. Megan stopped and put a hair tie in her hair to make a cute ponytail and then dove back in, this time taking my left nut in her mouth and sucking on it. I gasped as I felt the warmth of her mouth engulf my nut sack as she went back and forth between my testicles, giving both of them the attention they desired.
Cheryl was giving me a very sloppy blowjob and a drop of her saliva dripped down to my balls and onto Megan's cheek. Megan wiped the drop off with her finger and then began to lick around the base of my shaft and up the left side. Cheryl then moved to lick the right side as I watched both women licking my shaft like a lollipop should be licked. Their tongues danced up and down my shaft. They licked up and down, occasionally having their tongues meet at the tip of my cock and dance around the sensitive head and the frenulum under the head, driving me wild. Cheryl then grabbed the back of Megan's head and guided Megan's mouth towards the tip of my cock.
"Suck it," said Cheryl as Megan's lips parted and her mouth slid down and lips wrapped lovingly around my cock as she took me in. I enjoyed the feeling of my cock in another woman's mouth for the first time in a long time, especially having my girlfriend and Jamie there as an audience made it even hotter. Megan took a few inches of my cock and then came up to the tip again before plunging down on it again. I could feel her tongue working my glans inside her mouth as she sucked me off and her mouth started moving faster on me.
"You like that baby?" Cheryl cooed as she watched her friend suck my cock for a moment before taking her turn on my balls, licking and sucking them like she knew I liked.
Looking over at Jamie he was still in his chair but had taken his cock out his pants and was stroking it as he watched us. The site of his girlfriend participating in a threesome had apparently gotten him riled up as well. His cock was about 6 or 7 inches. Not as long as mine but obviously rock hard and already leaking some precum. It was a surreal experience watching him stroke his dick while his girlfriend sucked on mine.
The girls took turns licking and sucking my cock, passing it back and forth between each one and seeing who could take it deeper. I have to say that Megan was winning the battle since she could get almost to the base of my cock. No one had ever been able to completely deep throat me up to that point so I wasn't surprised. But the feeling of them working on me was magical and if I wasn't so numb from all the alcohol I probably would have cum at least twice at this point.
It was then that Jamie decided he could no longer keep his hands to himself and got up from his chair and knelt down behind Megan, who was on her knees sucking me, and started grabbing her ass and pulling her hips back towards him..
"You guys can't have all the fun," he said as he lifted Megan's dress up exposing Megan's shapely ass to us. She was wearing a black thong. Jamie slid the thin piece of fabric between Megan's ass cheeks to the side and inserted a finger inside Megan's pussy and started fingering her. I could hear her wetness squishing around as Jamie fingered her cunt and Megan let out a moan as my cock was in her mouth. The vibrations were exquisite. All the while Cheryl continued to lick my balls. Damn now I could see what Jamie was talking about. Megan could really suck a good cock!
It wasn't long before Jamie removed his pants and shirt and then slid Megan's underwear down and off her shapely legs. He lifted Megan's dress farther up over her hips and positioned himself behind her and lined his cock up at her vulva as Megan stopped sucking me and stuck her ass in the air on her hands and knees still between my legs. Cheryl took over sucking duties as Jamie thrust his hard cock deep into Megan's pussy from behind. I had a front row seat, watching Megan's facial expressions as Jamie filled her from behind and started fucking her.
Jamie wasted no time and was definitely not interested in going slow. He started pounding Megan's pussy hard, making her rhythmically rock back and forth as he held Megan's hips and plowed into her from behind. Jamie fucked her roughly and Megan seemed to enjoy it. He grabbed her by the ponytail and pulled her head back a little so I could see her face while he fucked her. Cheryl stopped sucking my cock and was watching Megan getting fucked, occasionally reaching underneath to massage Megan's breasts over the top of her dress. Now it was my turn to stroke my cock while I watched them.
Jamie was grunting as he fucked Megan and finally spoke to her.
"Put his cock back in your slutty mouth."
Megan smiled and looked back at him as he continued to rail her pussy from behind.
"Put it back in your mouth," he repeated louder. "I've always wanted to see you spit roasted."
Megan did as she was told and started sucking me off again as Cheryl held the base of my cock for her. Jamie slowed his thrusts down a little to let her get a cocksucking rhythm going but then resumed the assault on her wet cunt. Megan slobbered all over my cock, moaning with it in her mouth while she was getting fucked by her boyfriend. I could see Jamie's cock sliding between her ass cheeks and into her pussy, and also my cock sliding into her hot mouth. She wasn't really using her neck muscles. Her mouth moved up and down on my cock to the rhythm of Jamie's thrusts. All the while Megan continued to moan.
"Yeah you're so full of cock from both ends now. Do you like that slut?"
"Mmmmmmmmmmmm" was all Megan could say as my cock filled her mouth as Jamie and I continued to fill her with our man meat.
It was at this moment that Jamie reached over and put his hand on Cheryl's ass. Cheryl had just been kneeling next to Megan mostly with her back to Jamie as she licked my balls and occasionally sucked my cock whenever Megan came up for air. Cheryl didn't miss a beat as she continued to lick my balls as Jamie felt her ass over the fabric of her skirt.. I'd never seen another guy put his hand on her before and although I felt a little jealousy mostly I found it really erotic.
Jamie made eye contact with me and I smiled at him and gave him a nod. I was a little reluctant, but I mean, what could I say? My dick was in his girlfriend's mouth. I couldn't tell him that he couldn't touch my girlfriend? I tried to keep an open mind as I watched his hand move down to the back of her thighs and his hand go up Chery's skirt from behind.
At this point I could feel Cheryl's breathing on my balls change and I knew Jamie's fingers were between her legs. She looked up at me as if to ask if this was OK with me that my friend was touching her. I stroked her hair and the side of her face and nodded with a smile to let her know that I was OK with this. We were heading to a point from which there was no return once it was done. But I didn't care. We all wanted this.
I watched Jamie's arm making rhythmic movements under Cheryl's skirt and I knew that he was fingering her. I held Cheryl's head as Jamie lifted Cheryl's skirt up over her hips and admired her nearly naked ass for a few moments before moving her light pink thong to the side. He inserted two fingers into her just as he had done to Megan earlier, and started finger fucking Cheryl. All the while he never let his cock slide out of Megan, whom he had resumed fucking. It was hot seeing both Cheryl's and Megan's asses pointing up in the air towards Jamie. Cheryl cooing with Jamie's fingers inside, while Megan continued to moan all over my cock as he thrust into her. I like watching Megan's ass jiggling as Jamie pounded her, but it was really exhilarating to see him fingering Cheryl at the same time.
Megan finally took my cock out of her mouth momentarily and spoke. "Oh shit I'm going to cum."
Jamie took his fingers out of Cheryl and held Megan's hips and pummeled her hard with his dick until she came all over it, moaning hard all over my cock but eventually letting it slip out of her mouth so she could scream out and just focus on her pleasure. He continued to thrust into her until her pussy stopped spasming and she collapsed in a sweaty heap at my feet. Then he pulled his shiny cock out of Megan and walked on his knees behind Cheryl. I knew what was coming next and I wanted it to happen. Without a word, he pulled her panties down her legs and off her and unzipped her skirt from the back, then pulled her skirt off her so she was naked from the waist down.
Jamie put one hand on Cheryl's hip, slapped his meat against her ass cheeks before lining his cock up with her pussy and starting pushing it home. I watched as Cheryl's eyes widened and Jamie's mouth opened as he slid balls deep inside my girlfriend from behind.
"Oh fuck this pussy is nice bro," Jamie said as he looked at me and started sliding in and out of her. Cheryl was down on her hands and knees next to me with her head down and her ass in the air. I reached down and held her hand as Jamie put both of his hands on her hips and started really giving it her, thrusting harder into Cheryl's tight cunt. Cheryl raised her head and made eye contact with me for the first time. She was being fucked by another man while I watched. I could see all these emotions going on in her mind as her expressions on her face made it easy for me to read her. I wanted to reassure her so I knelt down and kissed her. The act of kissing your girlfriend while she is being fucked by another man was strangely intoxicating. I kissed her deeply, feeling the rhythm of Jamie's thrusts as Cheryl's mouth was pushed into mine again and again.
"OMG such a nice ass. Damn I always knew you had a hot body but I never fully appreciated what a nice ass you have!" Jamie commented as his pole drove itself home into Cheryl's inner depths again and again.
Megan commented as she watched.
"It IS a nice ass."
This is the first she'd spoken since she had her orgasm. I thought it was hot that they were talking about Cheryl right in front of her as if she was a piece of prime sirloin or something.
Cheryl said nothing but continued to kneel there as Jamie fucked her. Jamie started thrusting harder and faster and Cheryl started to moan loudly and rhythmically. Her hands balled into fists and she held on for dear life as Jamie pounded her pussy. Megan and I watched in silence at this spectacle in front of us.
Jamie was obviously in command here and motioned Megan over to me and my still throbbing hardon saying "Take care of him."
Megan obediently stood up and took her dress and her bra off and straddled me as I sat on the couch. Now finally seeing Megan naked, my thoughts were confirmed. She did have a really nice body under those clothes. Nice olive skin and an hourglass figure with nice hips and tits. I removed the rest of my clothes as she held my cock and lowered her pussy down onto it. Cheryl watched me as I felt Megan's pussy envelope my cock for the first time and she began to ride me. I watched her sliding up and down on my cock cowgirl style, starting to go with a faster rhythm. I held her beautiful breasts as she bounced on top of me. They were not as big as Cheryl's but definitely more than a handful and I put her nipples in my mouth and sucked on them. She moaned and obviously had very sensitive nipples, so I continued to lick and suck them while running my hands up and down her back. I then grabbed her hips and ass and ground her down on my cock so she could feel every inch of me.
Cheryl was starting to sweat and made an effort to pull her top off. I could see that she was struggling so I helped her take it off. This left her in just her light blue bra. Megan was on top of me grinding on my cock so I couldn't reach her bra to take it off her, and Jamie was not slowing down enough to allow her to take if off herself. Her bra strained to hold her big DD's as they swayed back and forth with his thrusting.
Megan whispered in my ear as she rode me.
"Oh my God you're so fucking big."
I don't think she wanted Jamie to hear that since he was obviously smaller than I am. But Jamie was so lost in fucking Cheryl doggystyle that I don't think he would hear her anyway. Megan started moving faster and her hips started grinding and thrusting back and forth in my lap as my cock was buried deep inside her. I could feel the tip of my cock tickling the back of her pussy at depths she may have never experienced before. Her moans started to increase in intensity as she announced that she was going to cum again. I thrusted my hips up to push myself even deeper inside her tight twat and that sent her over the edge. She let out a loud moan and started cumming, flooding my cock and balls with her juices and her nipples suddenly got rock hard. I actually felt like she might have squirted because I could feel the wetness running down my inner thighs.
As her orgasm subsided I heard Cheryl starting to moan faster. Jamie was pounding her even harder now. I was watching the cheeks of Cheryl's ass move in a wave like motion each time he thrust into her. I remember thinking that her ass didn't ripple like that when I fucked her but then I realized it was because Jamie's cock was smaller than mine and he could thrust full force into her from behind.
Cheryl looked me in the eyes and spoke..
"Baby he's gonna make me cum!!"
She was so beautiful and sexy at that moment that I was mesmerized even as my cock was still buried inside Megan. I wanted to kiss her but I knew I couldn't because her whole body was moving back and forth so fast.
"Ahhhhhh...mmmmmmmm!!!!!" Cheryl let out a loud scream and moan as she balled her hands into fists and came on Jamie's thrusting cock.
"Oh yeah. Cum all over it." said Jamie, never taking his eyes off Cheryl's ass as he continued to thrust into her pussy from behind, letting her ride out her orgasm.
Jamie slowly pulled his still hard dickout of Cheryl's cunt, slapping the wet organ against her left ass cheek like a triumphant conqueror. Cheryl crawled forward and kissed me, putting her tongue in my mouth then breaking the kiss and whispered "I love you". I smiled and said I loved her, too. She was just making sure I was OK. I was definitely OK. I was surprised at how OK I really was with this.
Cheryl's back was still to Jamie He was sweaty and panting from the fucking that he had just given to her but he hadn't cum and wasn't done with her yet. He reached towards the center of Cheryl's back and started undoing the clasps of Cheryl's bra.
"I need to see these titties."
Cheryl sat up obediently as he finished unlooking her bra and pulled the straps down her arms, exposing her breasts more to me and Megan than to himself since he was behind her.. He cupped her breasts from behind and felt how full they were in his hands.. Her nipples were rock hard and he pinched them between his thumb and index finger. He then put his hands to her upper arms and turned her towards him and layed her down on her back.
Jamie stared at her and smiled. "Oh my God. Those are some nice fucking tits!" He reached down and took them in his hands, feeling their fullness. Then he lowered himself and put her left nipple in his mouth and started licking and sucking it.
Megan and I sat watching and it was Megan who spoke next.
"Jesus even I think they're nice."
And she moved away from me on her hands and knees and helped herself to Cheryl's right breast, putting her mouth around the nipple and sucking, with her ass pointed towards me and her freshly fucked pussy lips peaking out from between her legs.
Cheryl looked up at me smiling and moaned, then closed her eyes and opened her mouth as she put her hands on the backs of Jamie and Megan's heads and thrust her chest up at them as they suckled from her hard, pointy nipples. It was really erotic watching this couple that we knew so well now being nursed from her massive chest.
"Jesus I wasn't expecting this! I might cum again," as she pushed their heads further into her mounds of tit flesh.
Jamie, not letting his mouth leave her left nipple, lined his cock up at the entrance to her pussy and slid inside her again. Burying his cock all the way into her. He fucked her slowly at first, allowing the attention on her nipples to continue. But pretty soon he got worked up and left Megan to her tits so he could fuck her harder.
I started to feel left out and my cock was really throbbing and so I got behind Megan and rubbed my throbbing member against her ass cheeks. She jumped, not expecting it, and wiggled her ass back at me. I was horny as fuck so I slid myself into her and started to fuck Megan doggystyle while she played with Cheryl's tits. Megan had a really tight pussy and it felt even tighter from behind. She had a nice ass and hips and I held those hips as I started to fuck her harder.
Jamie continued to fuck Cheryl missionary, holding her legs apart but watching Megan and I fucking off to his left. I really started giving it to Megan when he held her by the hair and said.
"Do you like that big cock?"
"Yes daddy"
"Is that what you wanted? You wanted Brett to fuck you with his big fucking cock?"
"Yes daddy!!" Megan moaned louder, no longer able to keep her mouth on Cheryl's nipples.
Jamie and I made eye contact and gave each other a smile and a nod as we fucked each others' women. I never would have believed that we would be in this spot but we were all enjoying it. Also I never heard Megan call him daddy before but I guess she was just being submissive.
Jamie was fucking Cheryl harder now missionary style. His eyes were watching her big breasts flopping back and forth rhythmically to match the impacts of his hips against her as he pounded her harder. Sweat dripped down on her from his brow onto her stomach as he continued to thrust into her again and again. I could tell from his face that he was trying not to cum yet but the image of Cheryl's tits bouncing was making that a losing battle.
I continued to fuck Megan's slender body doggystyle. I myself was getting close to cumming and if I wasn't careful I was going to blow my load inside her.
Cheryl was watching me and she knew from the look on my face that I was getting close.
"Don't cum inside her". Then she looked at Jamie. "No one is cumming inside anyone tonight."
Jamie smiled at her. "That's OK baby," pulling his hard dick out of Cheryl. Cheryl sighed, suddenly feeling empty now that Jamie's cock wasn't inside her anymore.
Jamie crawled up her body and straddled her chest, with one knee on each side of her.
"I've fantasized about this for a long time" and put his cock in between her breasts and squeezed her tit flesh around it. I couldn't blame him. That was all I thought about too after I met Cheryl. I would be hypocritical if I got mad at him for saying that.
Cheryl knew the drill. She took her hands, which looked so small compared to her tits from this angle, and squeezed them around Jamie's cock as he began to tit fuck her. He moved his hips back and forth, enjoying the warmth and firmness of her massive breasts. His dick literally disappeared in the depths of her cleavage as he fucked her tits. Her pussy juice still on his shaft provided all the lubricant he needed. Megan and I watched enchanted as Jamie tittyfucked my girlfriend and looked over at us, his captive audience. Cheryl watched, too, with a front row seat to his cock pistoning between her breasts. She used her forearms to help wrap the mounds of titflesh around him.
"Fuck this is too good. I'm gonna blow."
Cheryl looked at him. "Cum between my tits. Give me that big load".
Cheryl gathered her hair behind her head in an attempt to keep any cum that she knew was coming soon from getting in her hair. Jamie thrust faster and moaned loud and continuously as his ass muscles clenched as he emptied his seed into my girlfriend's cleavage. His whole body shuttered as his sperm erupted all over her chest. Cheryl kept her tits tight around his shaft as he unloaded on her, giggling each time a fresh shot of semen splattered against her skin. I watched as his cum leaked out of the valley of her monstrous cleavage and pooled on her upper chest and the center of her neck. Jamie continued to thrust and gush, hosing her down until he fully relaxed and walked backward away from her cum covered chest, his balls now completely empty.
Megan made an "Mmmmmmm" sound and pulled my cock out of her and crawled towards Cheryl and started licking the cum from Cheryl's tits and chest and neck. I could tell that she really liked cum. She gathered up a few gobs of it on her tongue and showed her tongue to Jamie and then swallowed it. She then gathered more off of Cheryl's neck and showed her tongue to me, and then kissed Cheryl's mouth, feeding it to her which she gladly accepted and smiled.
After a minute the girls turned towards me. Jamie laid back and smoked a cigarette, completely satisfied. I was the only one who had not cum yet and I was on the verge of blowing my load with no stimulation at all.
"Brett we started with you and you're the only one who hasn't cum." We need to give you a special treat."
She motioned to Megan to follow her over to me on their knees.
"Stand up."
I liked when Cheryl got authoritative and I complied with her orders, standing up, my hard cock pointing towards them.
They started giving me a double blowjob, alternating between licking my shaft and cockhead and licking my hanging balls. I had to cum so bad that my balls were really tight against my body. Cheryl's head bobbed up and down on my cock as Megan licked my balls. Looking down and watching these two naked women doing this to me was heavenly.
Cheryl suddenly took her mouth off of my dick and pointed it towards Megan. Megan took over cock sucking duties and Cheryl walked on her knees to my side and then behind me.
Suddenly I felt Cheryl's hands on my hips and her lips on my ass cheeks as she began to kiss, lick and nibble on my left and then right ass cheek, as Megan continued to fellate me. The sensation felt so good and I was having trouble not cumming.
Suddenly I felt Cheryl's hands spread my ass cheeks and her tongue start to lick my puckered asshole. I felt a shot of electricity go up my spine as her mouth did its magic. She had licked my ass before but only one other time so this was an awesome treat. She worked her tongue up and down my ass crack, around my hole, and then spread my cheeks with her hands and put her tongue inside my ass. All the while Megan was deep throating me with her lips wrapped around my cock, one hand around the base and the other hand squeezing my balls. She also stopped occasionally to lick my ball sack from behind before going back to work on my ass.
Cheryl came up from my ass for a moment to give another command.
"Cum in her mouth".
Then she went back to licking my hole and also sliding a finger inside my ass while she licked the back of my balls. I was not ready for that and shouted to warm Megan of the pending explosion as I blew a huge load of cum into Megan's waiting mouth. I had been edging for what seemed like hours and it was so good to release onto her tongue. Megan took that load like a champ. I watched as she swallowed again and again, trying to get all the cum as I held her head until she had completely emptied my balls down her waiting throat.
After this we both coupled up again with our respective significant others on either side of the room and made small talk until Cheryl said that she was tired and wanted to go home. We said goodbye awkwardly, not sure how we were supposed to hug and kiss each other goodbye now that this had happened. As Cheryl and I walked home we held hands shoulder to shoulder, and told each other again that we loved each other. Even though another line had been crossed, our bond seemed stronger than ever as we had shared something special. I again wondered where we go from here.