This is part two of the story written by a friend. Please read part one if you have not read it to understand this story better. I have just edited this story.
*
The next few days went uneventful. Raj and Shweta crossed path many times but he did not acknowledge her presence. Raj did not even make an eye contact with her. Shweta found it very weird but thought that he was at least keeping things discreet. On the other hand a sensation of violation crept up her spine. She felt that Raj was done with her after he had fucked her the last time. She felt abused. But she also felt relaxed that things were not going haywire after her act of infidelity.
A tingle still went off whenever she imagined Raj's first tongue flick across her clitoris as his lips suckled on her. Her pussy was on fire when she imagined the picture where Raj's hard cock made the first contact with her pussy. The moment when another man's cock was about to enter her married pussy. She felt the heat inside her panties but could not touch herself to relieve off some pressure. The few days after her encounter with Raj were torturous as Rohan as usual came home late night after work. She craved for her pussy to be plugged but there was no one to plough it. She had become desperate. She decided to herself make a move and leave Raj some trails and signals which would lead him to her bed once again.
She made conscious efforts to confront Raj "accidentally". But they were in vain. The only common place she would be able to find him was in her gym. She matched his timings and saw to it that she worked out in front of him. She left sometimes just as he was about to leave for the men's locker. Her timing didn't match always and she missed him couple of times. Raj did show up in the gym for the next whole week. Her plans didn't work out and she felt a bit dejected. Though her husband did gave her a fucking on the weekend but it wasn't the same. She felt dirty as she recapitulated the images of Raj fucking her the other night when her husband's cock was sliding to and fro inside her.
The following Monday she headed off to the gym hoping to see Raj. To her delight Raj was working out in the gym. Her glee was like a teenage girl who saw a very cute boy. And at the moment she was indeed one rather than a mother of a kid. Raj's approach was the same. He still ignored Shweta's presence. After sometime Raj left for the locker room and so did Shweta. She hurriedly packed her gear in a hope to catch Raj. As Shweta reached the elevator she saw it descending downwards with Raj. She knew by the time she would get down, Raj would have already left. Disappointed, she called for the elevator for herself. Shweta opened the door and entered the elevator.
"I assume that disappointed look on your face is because you thought you missed catching me." To her surprise Raj was still in the elevator and had returned back up with it.
"No. I wasn't looking for you. I was just disappointed to miss the elevator going downwards." Shweta quickly replied. In a sudden rush, Raj grasped Shweta's wrist and pulled her in. He closed the door behind her. He pushed Shweta's back and hands against the wall of the elevator and held them there flat. Shweta was humbled by Raj's aggressive and bold action. Any other day she would have never taken such actions kindly. But for Raj she had let out a red carpet. She gave in far too easily without any resistance. It was a very different feeling as she felt his control over her.
He said staring directly into her eyes. "Oh really? So what you are telling me is that you were not looking for a chance to talk to me? So what was with you circling around me in the gym? Why did you leave the gym when I did? You were in the gym barely 10 minutes ago and you have hardly broken any sweat." saying Raj gently nuzzled her neck and sniffed her hair. "And you still smell fresh and great."
Shweta's breathing quickened. Her breasts rose up into Raj's face as she inhaled. She could feel his breath on her chest. Raj had worked out for an hour and Shweta could smell his muskiness along with his deodorant, and it was intoxicating in a wonderful way. It made her even more aroused as her pussy became wet and her nipples stiffened like pebbles under her clothes.
Torrents of emotions were running through her. Her pride of a wife and a mother had gone down the drain as this young guy toyed with her. He was toying with her body and emotions. Shweta was a mature woman and she felt vulnerable to Raj who was sniffing her hair intimately. She felt powerless but somehow also felt safe as she submitted herself to this young guys advance.
Shweta did not want to fell so open and so conjured up some lame excuse. "I remembered I had to go somewhere and that is why I left early." "Now, do not lie because when you do so you challenge my intelligence and I do not like that. Besides I can see that you are aroused by my presence here." "No really. I have to go somewhere and I am not aroused please." "Ok. Let's see if you are or not." Saying Raj released her left hand and lifted her t-shirt from her right side above her breast. He unhooked the upper side of her sports bra which contained her left breast. With a strong but slow tug he pulled down her bra. Shweta's left breast came out in open. It protruded out in a vice like grip between her bunched up t-shirt and the elasticity of her bra. It was as if it presented out itself to Raj to play with, to fondle with and to do whatever he liked to do with it.
Shweta was dumbstruck. She did not know what was happening. The thrill of the situation was too much, for her brain had stopped working. The door could open up any moment and there she was, a respected wife with a young man in an elevator with her left boob exposed in the open by him as he held her against the wall and his right hand playing with her erect nipple.
"Well, now look Shweta you are aroused. Look as your nipples all hard and erect." Raj lightly glided his right thumb over her erect nipple. "So you were lying. Let's check out some more." Raj simply wriggled his hand through the waistband of both, her tracks and her panties, and rested his fingers against her smooth pussy lips. Shweta's eyes widened at his actions. The fear of getting caught had the adrenaline running while Raj's fingers pressed against her most private part had her on fire.
"You insist that you are not aroused. So if I dip my fingers inside your vagina then I should not find it wet and slippery. Isn't it?" Without waiting for her answer Raj spread open her lips and slips I his middle finger inside Shweta. "Yep. I thought so. You are all turned on and horny. Your pussy is on fire Shweta. Look at this." Raj pulled out his finger from inside of her and brought up his hand between their faces showing Shweta the middle finger which was slick with her juices. She was in despair when Raj withdrew his finger. She felt empty. Her body had started to enjoy this precarious position. Teasing her more Raj licked her juices off his finger. "You taste great too." He taunted her.
Raj pressed the ground floor button and the elevator started to descend. Shweta was still in a daze at what had just happened. With sarcasm, Raj alerted her. "I think you should put your bare chest back in."
It was then Shweta realized that her left boob was still hanging out in the open. Shweta readjusted her clothes just as they stopped at the ground floor. As soon as they were out in the real world Raj was again ignoring Shweta's presence around him.
Shweta started walking alone towards her home. Her mind filled with emotions. The way Raj had caught her off guard and taken her, embarrassed her to the core. Her mind was seeking answers.
'How could I let him take me like this? How could I let him touch me like this? He did not even bother asking me. And why did not I object to any of his actions? How could he plainly remove my clothing's and make my chest bare? How could he just push his hand inside my pants and fiddle with my pussy? And how could I take all this without any hesitation? Why did I like getting toyed from another man besides my husband moreover a much younger guy than me?'
Without knowing Shweta had even reached her building. The scenes of her recent violation kept flooding her mind. She entered the elevator and tried to recreate the feeling by touching herself, but no good. His touch was different, firm yet gentle. His every action showed that he owned her and the dominance he had over her. The slut inside her craved for a dominant touch. She felt humiliated but like it too and wanted to again feel Raj's hands all over her.
Shweta immersed herself in the tub and ran the hand shower over her body. The warm water ran over her breast which Raj had just touched. She pinched her nipple. The sensation turned her on more giving her a mild orgasm. Her eyes closed as her teeth bit her lower lip. Her mind was racing to form an image of Raj's hands cupping her breasts, his thumb caressing her nipple, getting out a deep moan from her. Her hand slipped between her legs. The warm running water heightened her sensations even more. Her fingers rubbed her lips in parallel direction. She occasionally flicked her hood to get an unprompted surge of sensation. Her middle finger slipped in and out of her. Her orgasm was building up. She pictured Raj fucking her and that was it. For a moment she realized the situation. There she was a married woman in her bathtub, fingering herself, thinking about a young guy who was about 5 years younger than her, and how he had fucked her behind her husband's back and how he had played with her in the elevator. The humiliation pushed her over the edge. She came hard. She always came hard whenever she thought about Raj. It was no way near the climax she had with her husband, if she had one that is. This was something out of this world.
She got out of the water and stood in front of the mirror. She looked at her body and admired it. Her breasts looker firm and full. Thanks to her pregnancy. Her skin was smooth and soft. Her pussy was clean shaved and she ensured that it was smooth and soft as well. She dabbed herself dry and could see her pussy tuned pink in the recent gratification.
Shweta put on some shorts and a tank top. She went to the kitchen and started cooking. Her husband, Rohan, was unusually early from his office. They had dinner early today and her daughter went off to sleep. Shweta hoped her husband might fuck her today since they had time today. But Rohan rather decided to sleep early. Shweta was furious. Her husband had been ignoring his duties more often, lately. She wasn't sleepy. She coaxed Rohan to give her some action. But Rohan was too tired. Shweta actually sympathized with Rohan, as she knew he was indeed tired working.
Just then her cellphone rang. Shweta wondered who it could be as she did not recognize the number. She answered the phone. "Hello." "Hi. I see you have finished your dinner early. And those yellow shorts look great on you. It outlines your ass wonderfully." "Oh. Raj? Is that you? How do you know what I am wearing?" she looked puzzled. "Oh! Didn't I mention I can see your bedroom and your living room through my window? But I had to buy a binocular to see you. Before that all I could make out was a person in the room. But now I see what I like." "How did you get my number?" "Oh come on. I have been inside your house and inside you as well Shweta. How hard could it be to get your number?" he joked. "Besides it was Rohan who gave me your number." "What? Why did he?" "That is not important right now Shweta. What is important is for you to satisfy your sexual needs and your horniness in you right now. That titanic scene surely seems to turn you on. I could see where your hands were while watching it." Shweta felt a bit embarrassed. She felt like a little girl caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
"What do you want?" "Watching you has made me horny as well. Go to your husband and tell him that you are going for a walk. The way he is sleeping, I don't think that he would mind you going by yourselves. Come down and enter my building. The watchman will not stop you nor take in your entry if you let him know that you are coming to meet me. Enter the elevator and come to the rooftop."
"What?" Shweta said shocked at his straight and direct comment. "I can't do that. My husband is home. I can't come right now. And why do you think I want to be with you."
"Hmm. So it seems you are still bent on playing hard to get. Ok let me put it straight. This is the moment of truth. I can either blackmail you into giving yourself to me or you can yourself accept what you really want. Although I may seem a cruel person to you right now, I do not wish to destroy your family. I have a personal life of my own and I do not wish to destroy it either. You are a sexy gorgeous woman with a wonderful body and great pussy, which I wish to fuck from time to time. And I know how bad your sex life is, I have been watching you for the last few days. I know how bad you feel the need. Well it was quite obvious when I played with your boob and pussy in the elevator, what you wanted. So I leave it up to you. As I said it's the moment of truth. Either you take it and have fun or leave it and remain frustrated."
What Raj said did make Shweta thinking for a few moments. "What do you mean fuck my pussy from time to time? You want me to be your personal slut? You want me to be your whore?" she quipped back. "Of course". Taking a pause he said "YES." "What the hell are you saying? Have you gone mad? You are a complete idiot. I will tell you my answer. I am not coming to you anywhere." "I wouldn't be that hasty, Shweta. Nor would I disappoint me if I were you. I know you need time to think so I'll be on the roof for 10 minutes and if you don't come then it's never going to happen. But do remember once you enter my building there is no turning back. Once you enter my buildings elevator you will be my slut. Even better, since you called me an idiot, I want you to say something when you come to me. I want you to say, 'I want to be your slut.'
Before Shweta could say anything further, the call was disconnected. She sat there thinking. She went towards the window to see if she could spot Raj, but her efforts were futile. It was not possible to look at the rooms opposite to her without any visual enhancement. Raj seemed to have had a good vantage point. Her mind calculated all the possibilities of her life and her emotions. The fear of cheating on her husband with a younger guy churned her stomach. The thrill was exciting. It caused her humiliation that she was even thinking about taking a decision whether she should submit to another man. Even if it meant she will be used for his sexual pleasure. It made her feel cheap. But it made her even hornier when she thought herself as Raj's personal slut.
Shweta was a dignified woman. She had her reputation of a role model wife and mother. She was at a respectable position at her husbands' office. She never took crap and was impervious and invulnerable woman. Yet for some reason she felt the need to be dominated by someone. She wanted that one man in her life, who could control her and the thought that she was letting another young man treat her like a slut made her feel humiliated but really excited. Her morals and desires were at war. Raj had injected himself deep in her psyche for good and was playing with her. She was his toy and he was playing with her the way he wanted to.
It had been five minutes since Raj had called. Shewta was in turmoil. Alas! she took the decision. She switched off the lights. She went to her bedroom. She kissed her sleeping husband on her forehead. Next, Shweta grabbed the keys slipped in her sneakers and left the house.
She crossed the park between her and Raj's building and reached his staircases. The watchman asked her destination on which she told him she was going to meet Raj. The watchman had a straight face. But it was hard to make out whether it was due to any surprise. Shweta wondered whether the watchman knew why she was going to Raj. Was she the only one or did Raj have a harem of woman coming to him? She didn't care much for that. If at all she felt lucky to be a part of his harem if there was any.
Shweta comforted herself while going up in the elevator. 'Alright. This is it. There is no turning back now.' Shweta entered the roof through the door. It was pitch dark except for some moonlight. It was hot weather yet her feet were cold. It was hard for her to believe that she had complied with Raj's demands. Her sexual drive had driven her legs to Raj without stopping at the red signal of her marriage. But she was excited thinking that she was about to cheat on her husband. And not just cheat but be Raj's pet.
She scanned the rooftop. Raj didn't seem to be in sight. Suddenly she felt two arms engulfing her from behind. She knew from the touch whose they were. Raj's hands encased Shweta's as her held her close to his body. He could feel the heat from her. Shweta too felt Raj's breath on her neck. He whispered in her ears. "So you did come after all to be my slut. You did come to offer me your married pussy. But now I still have to decide whether I take your offer." 'What did he mean by that?', she thought. 'Was he really going to make me say that I want to be his slut?' "You were thinking right Shweta, I want you to say it."
Shweta was puzzled. It was as if he had entered her mind and read her thoughts. She knew there was no way out now. Raj had accurately played her through. He knew what he was doing and she was caught like a fish in a net. Her desires had let him have this control over her. Although she loved the fact that she was about to submit herself to a much younger guy than her.
Gathering her composure she said, "Raj, I want to be your slut." Overwhelmed, she continued. "Please make me you whore and fuck me whenever you want. Use me the way you see fit. I want to be your slut."
Shweta could not match his eyes but she was glad she said it. It lifted a burden off her chest. Raj was pleased with her response. He took her earlobe in his mouth from standing behind. He sucked her soft flesh till Shweta started moaning. He then continued giving soft gentle bites in her neck. Shweta was already on cloud nine. At this moment all she wanted was to feel Raj all over her. But Raj took his time. He led to the concrete railing of the roof. He placed her hands on it.
Shweta felt Raj's hands on her ass. He cupped her buttocks in his hands feeling the fullness of it. He ran his fingers through her ass crack over her shorts. She felt his palm massage her pussy. Every touch of him on his body was giving Shweta new rounds of pleasure. Without any intimation Raj then pulled down her shorts till around her mid-thigh.
"Bend down.", was his command. Shweta readily found herself obeying him. Now there she was, bend over with her bottom exposed to Raj, on his roof top, away from her sleeping husband and daughter, waiting for her new found master to have his way with her. The position itself was demeaning, but yet she felt excited by her own violation.
Raj took his own sweet time. He admired her rear from a distance. He loved the fact how this wonderful creature was in his control. The elastic of her shorts had clamped her thighs together and so it gave a brilliant shape of a heart with her puffed up pussy lips pouting though it. He was tempted to take a bite of it but he had other plans.
Raj by now had his dick out. He was hard and was stroking it enjoying the sight before him.He made her wait in her anticipation. He made her yearn for his touch. Moreover, Shweta was further humiliated when she was made to wait for him in such a disgraced situation. The night breeze flowed over her butt, as she realized the time Raj was making her wait. Shweta could do nothing but wait. Her mind was anticipating Raj's next move. Then with a sudden movement she felt the contact of Raj's body. She felt his thighs on hers. He held his dick in his hands and stroked its head across her lips. Shweta was dripping wet by now and her lubrication coated Raj's dick.
"Look at you slut. You are dripping wet for me. You really want to get fucked badly, don't you?" He teased her. "If you want me to fuck you then I want you to ask for it." Shweta's mind and body were really getting tormented. Raj had almost broken her completely and so she readily complied with his demands. "Please Raj. Please fuck me. I need to feel you inside me. My pussy is craving to be filled by you. Please fuck me like never before. I can't take it anymore. Please put that lovely cock inside my cunt."
Raj lined his cock with her pussy. Her pussy was slick with her juices and felt tight as her thighs were clamped together. His head parted her lips. She felt Raj's journey inside her about to begin. Her mind shouted with excitement and wanted more of him. Raj still lingered at her entrance. She thought he was going to tease her more when with a sudden jerk Raj impaled deep inside her married pussy.
Waves and waves of pleasure surged though her body. She felt complete. She felt full. She felt the thrill of cheating and she felt dirty. She felt humiliated and she loved every bit of it. Her eyes rolled back and her mouth was open as she felt him inside her. She felt like a woman.
Rather than being tender, Raj started fucking Shweta's pussy with a feverish pace. He was relentless in his strokes. He was hard and fast, deep and strong. His thighs slapped with hers and made a prominent slapping sound. It was music to Shweta's ears. Raj bunched her hair and tugged it lightly as she emphasized that he was riding her and she was at his mercy. His balls slapped across her clit at every stroke he impaled her with. It sent Shweta into several mini orgasms. She felt herself erupting on a wonderful young dick. Her cum coated his sex tool and offered more lubrication. The squishing sound made from their union embarrassed her even more.
Raj tugged her t-shirt up and exposed her breasts. He squeezed them and occasionally played with her nipples. He pinched her nipples in between to get a moan out of Shweta. She loved the way Raj was toying with her sensory points. He did what he wished with her. He tugged her hair lightly, pinched her nipples, nibbled on her neck and back, played with her ass cheeks and even rubbed her asshole with his thumb. Tough he was humiliating her fucking her hard, he was good at it. His actions gave her tremendous pleasure she had never experienced before.
Shweta was approaching towards a big orgasm. The several mini ones had built up a big one in her. She squealed to Raj. "I am going to cum....please dont stop...I want to cum on your cock. Oh god....yes yes yes. Ye....ss.....yesssss" Shweta hissed as her orgasm hit her. Her clit had become sensitive but Raj's cock continued to pummel her pussy. He rode her through her orgasm. The friction between Raj's piston cock and his balls smacking against her clit was too much for her at that moment. Her hips jerked forward to stop his onslaught trying to get Raj out of her privates. But Raj was already prepared for her actions. His left hand grabbed her left shoulder and his right held her right boob. He made sure she didn't move or go anywhere. He held her in position as he continued to hammer her pussy without any lack of enthusiasm.
Shweta's body had formed a sheen of sweat from the fucking Raj was giving her and from her recent orgasm. It was getting hard for Raj to maintain his grip on her right breast. It slipped out anyway so Raj then grabber her right shoulder. Now both his arms on her shoulders drove Shweta onto his cock for every inwards thrust. Every stroke was getting hard and well defined. It made a thud sound every time their bodies met. The sex was steamy between them. Shweta's boobs which hung below her bent form, swayed madly in every possible direction on every thrust Raj gave her from behind.
Animal instinct took over both of them. Raj was about to cum and he fully intended to deposit himself inside her. It was as if he was marking her as his own. Shweta too wanted to be his, at least sexually. She felt his cock swelling inside her. She felt him twitching. Raj let himself go. With one final thrust he buried deep inside her and held her down tight by pushing his shoulders down onto him. He stayed that way as he released spurts of his cum inside her body. He felt Shweta's pussy clamp tighter and so he felt every spurt quite vividly. Shweta too felt him deep inside her. She felt his hot cum release inside her. She felt another man's cum invade her martial territory. The act of adultery and infidelity was complete and it excited her to no bounds. She felt satisfied at her humiliation and that to at the hands of guy who was 5 years younger than her.
Raj made Shweta stay in that position for a moment. He had cum inside her and was still buried inside her. He wanted to feel the heat of her pussy on his cock till he was soft. He gradually grew soft and his slick cock slipped out from her hot pussy. It was coated with their mixed juices. A few drops of their cum seeped out of her pussy and fell on the floor. He looked at her. "You know what's next. Come on go ahead." Without any hesitation Shweta dropped down to her knees and took now Raj's soft squishy cock in her mouth. She licked it dry. His every action and request seemed like a demand. It shamed her and yet she loved it.
"You are a wonderful fuck Shweta. I have no idea why your husband wouldn't fuck you every hour of the day. Now go home and take this with you. I will call you tomorrow and tell you what it's for." Saying he handed her a Pouch.
Raj sucked on her nipples and pulled them between his lips one last time as he smacked her ass, directing her to go.
Shweta pulled her shorts up her pussy still full of Raj's cum. The fabric of her shorts soaked in most of it that was dripping out if her and formed a wet patch. She knew no one would be able to see her at this hour of night. She went home and luckily she didn't come across the watchman this time.
She sneaked into her house and slipped into a fresh pair of shorts with remain of Raj's cum still inside her. She slowly stroked her used up pussy with a huge smirk of satisfaction on her face. She put away the pouch in a safe place and slipped into the bed besides her husband. She fell into a deep satisfied sleep as her mind replayed night's event.