This is not just a story from my past, but Yvette's too, so it is retold with permission.
-Sacred Beauty
*****
At one point I thought I was in love with Yvette. Then I realized that it was a mixture of love for a friend with a bit of sexual attraction thrown in. I met her in ninth grade sewing class. That was my elective only because my parents enrolled me late and all the good classes were taken. I was more open and outgoing back then so we became fast friends. She is much shorter then me probably 5"3' and her whole wardrobe was black. I guess you could call her Goth before it was popular to be so. Well maybe not Goth because she wasn't into the weird make up and jewelry or tattoos just the clothes and she looked damn good. Beautiful bright smile and smoldering brown eyes and dark caramel skin. We were typical teenage girls, blessed with narrow waists and those impossibly flat teenage tummies. Everything the boys thought about my body, I thought about hers. Sexy curves, nice tits nice ass...she was just beautiful. The two of us had a lot of things in common. We liked the same books and music, even had the same hobbies. The best part was that she and I were both discovering our bodies and the boys at the same time so a lot of our conversations centered on sex. We also flirted a bit with each other, just innocent stuff. Both of us were fucking but she was more promiscuous then I was.
Freshman year we had sewing together, sophomore year we had study hall, junior year no classes and senior year we had dance together which counted as our PE requirement.
The big change came senior year. I had seen her in her bra and panties and even naked a million times before. We had done sleepovers and worked out at a local gym so it was natural that we would saw each other. She always wore black bra and panties. Black lace, cotton, skimpy, or regular grandma style briefs. The style didn't matter as long as they were black like all of her outer clothes. So one day we are undressing before dance class and she had on a black bra but these cotton bikini panties, pastel green with yellow flowers. I could not take my eyes off of her shapely ass. And the way it clung in front, you know how you can sometimes see the pussy lips really well when the fabric is pulled tight. Seeing her like that was more exciting then seeing her naked, it was a rude awakening. Suddenly she was this sexual being when before she had just been my best friend Yvette. I get over my crush but every once in a while when she wore those green panties I smiled extra bright.
So anyways, the school year goes by and after graduation when she starts junior college she gets her own apartment. It is way over on the East side of town so I didn't visit that often. The first time I went over there I was so jealous. Her place was just a ugly little studio but it was all hers. It was one large room painted eggshell white with a kitchenette along one wall, and a full bathroom. One cool thing was that she had a loft at the back of the space. We joked and called it a crawl space because you couldn't stand up fully up there. You had to pull a string and here was a ladder that dropped down out of the ceiling. I climbed the ladder to look around and it was hot as hell up there. Nothing particularly interesting either, she just kept a bunch of boxes to one side.
I come down and joked, "Maybe some day you'll let me hide up there and watch you have sex."
That comment wasn't unusual because we always engaged in sexual banter and innuendo.
*****
Our second semester in college crawled to an end. Yvette was taking time off but I enrolled in summer courses so we hardly saw each other. Finally three weeks into the summer we made plans to hang out. I went over there Saturday around six in the evening expecting for us to eat then catch a late movie. At least those were my intentions.
Her on again, off again boyfriend called just as we are heading out the door. The house is so small that it is hard not to eavesdrop on their conversation. It became painfully clear that our plans were about to change because he is horny and wants to come over and fuck. I tired too look busy, organizing things on her book shelf. Then I was struck with a brilliant idea. I passed her a note while she was on the phone and it said: "Invite him over. I will just go up in the loft and watch."
Yvette brushed the hair from my shoulder and allowed her hand to linger, soft as silk, as she listened to the voice over the receiver. A moment later she gave me this wicked smile then did something that shocked the hell out of me. She invited her boyfriend over!!
When she got off the phone we laughed and screamed. Just two school girls with a naughty little secret. She turned as red as a person her color could turn. "Hurry up he doesn't live that far away...he will be here any minute."
"Oh my God we are about to do this!!" How did I get to be so lucky?
I climbed the ladder and lay there on my tummy silently watching her ready the place through the wooden slats. She let her futon couch down into a bed then turns off the ceiling lights and turns on the lamps on her end table that doubles as a nightstand. Yvette quickly striped naked then changed into her fuzzy blue robe, the one I gave her last Christmas. I positioned myself above the head of the bed so I could see the whole thing perfectly. A fever rolled through me as I realized what was about to happen. It was beyond my wildest dreams, a fantasy come true.
Her boyfriend finally came over and they talked for about ten minutes about the weird noise her car had been making, and then start kissing. He was a lot cuter then I remembered, which was a good thing since I was about to see him naked. Any woman, including myself would have been attracted to his velvety smooth skin and broad shoulders. The whole time I was thinking 'I wish she was kissing me, not him' in my head. Yvette helped him undress, pealing off his button down shirt and blue jeans. Before long, hands started roaming...basic foreplay, but I was so jealous. That's when the scenario became like torture. In that moment I wanted to have sex with Yvette like I have never wanted another woman before or since. It was raw lust, pure and simple.
Yvette wrapped her fingers around his thickness and began to stroke his cock as they continued to kiss passionately. She rotated her body around until she was straddling him then moved her hips slightly letting his cock head settle between her legs. I watched expectantly as inch by inch he disappeared inside of her. Hearing their sounds, that slapping noise from the wetness, and their moans I started moving my hips and grinding myself against my jacket which I was on top of. It took everything in me not to start masturbating with my hand. Finally I was overwhelmed by a since of kink and let the flat of my hand drift downward between my thighs. It was sooo warm up there, probably ten degrees hotter, and because of that I was breathing their sex. Inhaling it deep, allowing it to roll over my tongue, then expelling it with anticipation of the next breath. It was a cycle of ecstasy and my Yvette was the cause. Over and over I breathed deeply savoring her along with him.
My pussy was throbbing like my heartbeat. I swear I could feel it in my throat and hear it thumping in my ear. I rolled over onto my side, spread my legs, and ever so slightly nudged the crotch of my panties away. With one hand rubbing my clit, I slid two fingers deep into my pussy and began to work them in and out.
Down below on the futon, they were getting more into it. He started to nibble at the corner of her mouth then licked the length of her neck and than he moved to her shoulders. I watched intently as his mouth mapped her upper body, leaving wet trails everywhere it had been. She was naked on top of him and my eyes stayed locked on her body. They continued down to her slim waist, and followed the curve of her hips to her luscious ass. She placed her hands on his chest and began to move herself rhythmically. My friend's tits were hanging down in her boyfriend's face and with each downward plunge, he nipped at them.
I was laying only about fifteen feet above them praying they couldn't hear my movements and labored breathing which appeared loud to me. My fingers worked methodically, exploring and stroking my swollen folds. Gentle circles around my clit followed. I muffled my moans as they began to talk dirty to one other.
"Baby, don't stop. Ohhh, ohhh," Yvette panted, "That's it. Right there, you're hitting my spot right there..."
He loved it, "Oh yeah...fuck me...fuck me harder."
"Mmmm yeah..." And then there was me entangled in my imaginary threesome, "Make um jiggle Yvette, make those titties jiggle..." She was the solitary focus of my desire.
Yvette bounced on him with abandon, controlling the depth and angle of their fucking. She was biting down on her lip and her eyes were narrowing as her orgasm neared. Her upper body was crawling with sweat and she was just shining like a jewel in the lamp light. It was unreal.
I was still frantically fingering myself up there in the loft. My hips moved in pace with her boyfriends, meeting his thrusts. I could actually imagine the veins and ridges on his cock running along my sensitive clit. My body was flushed and warm as I penetrated my pussy as hard as I could, stabbing deep with my two fingers.
As they continued to fuck, her breasts were swaying and moving so soft just glistening for me. I was sopping wet, literally dripping pussy juices down on my skirt hem and jacket. Every once in a while Yvette threw her head back and looked up at me directly into my eyes. God it was just so intense. I zoned out concentrating on climaxing but a few minutes later I glanced back down at the two of them. Yvette's face is full of an anticipation that told me she is about to cum. Deep moans filled the small space we all shared. Yvette looked possessed as she achieved her orgasm thrashing on top of him. As her passion erupted, she called his name, over and over until she was gasping in sweet agony.
He was cumming too, gripping her at the hips still pumping up into her as he filled her with waves of fluid. She leaned in to kiss him then sat back up and looked at me as she continued to spasm. Our eyes were locked for a few delicious moments until the sensations seemed to overwhelm her. I watched her flop down onto his chest while her breathing calmed. He whispered something that I couldn't make out because of the distance, then pressed his lips into the dent below her collarbone transferring her sweat to his cheek.
I squeezed my thighs together and closed my eyes as they caressed and cuddled. Too bad I wasn't with my boyfriend at that moment because I was ready for round two. When I heard movement, I looked over and saw Yvette heading into the bathroom. After her boyfriend got dressed and left, I carefully climbed down and paced the room glancing at their bed. The air was thick with sex, mine and theirs. I could clearly distinguish her pussy smell from mine. Hers was earthy with a hint of sweetness. And I bet it tasted good from the way her man had devoured it. I was still horny, in heat, flushed...just speechless. My panties were soaked through and it was uncomfortable to move. She came out to dry off and we talked and laughed about how naughty we were and how exciting it was etc.
Her question caught me off guard, "Must have been cold up there?"
"Yeah, well..." My voice trailed off when I noticed that my dark nipples were clearly visible through my white T-shirt.
"Did you masturbate up there?" Yvette paused, waiting for my answer. Her eyes briefly traveled down to my twisted skirt, which I hastily straightened.
I was a bit embarrassed, "What? I...no...Of course not." Did she know? Could they hear me? Better yet could she smell me, just as I had smelled her? My mind wrapped around that notion and took a snapshot for my fantasies.
She shrugged as she walked away mumbling, "I was just wondering, because I would have."
Yvette gathered up the clothes she had been wearing earlier that evening, a black skirt and lavender top. I studied her closely as she got dressed, not entirely sure what I was looking for. The one thing I was certain of was that after years of being bi-curious, I was ready to just be plain old bi.
I admitted, "I am so fucking wet. You need to take me home so I can change my panties."
She pointed at her dresser. "Just wear a pair of mine." Her tone was so light and airy. Innocent.
Once again my heart was thumping in my throat. I took a deep breath on the walk over there. I opened the drawer and dug for a minute then spotted them. The ones I had fantasized about her in. The pastel green cotton bikini panties. In her bathroom, I washed up then slipped them on. I was so aroused that before long they were soaked through too, slick with my sticky juices. Soon we were off to the movies like we had originally planned, both satisfied... sated by simultaneous orgasms.
*****
I don't remember a one bit of the movie we saw that night or even recall the name. And the only real conversation that comes to mind was the one in the car after she passed the freeway exit to my house.
"Did you have a good time tonight?" She asked, nonchalantly.
"Yeah."
Her second question hid within it, another. "Why don't you spend the night?"
Just what was she offering here? Damn.
I tried to play it cool as I shifted in my seat, allowing the unexpected moistness to spread. "Alright, but I don't have any pajamas."
Yvette glanced over with a slight smile, "Neither do I."