I met my wife Carol at work. We were both junior software engineers and worked with a group of eccentric people who were open minded about everything. We worked outrageous hours, nights, weekends, holidays, etc. The company encouraged a social atmosphere. Everyone was very welcoming when I joined the company. In my first week at work Carol came to my cubicle and introduced herself. She was stunning - blue eyes, long lush brunette hair, firm breasts and a firm rounded ass. She sat on the edge of my desk, her legs dangling, her skirt short and tantalizing. As she swung her legs back and forth we chatted and I would get peeks at her panties. I couldn't tell if it was on purpose or accidental.
The company sponsored an old fashioned bowling league and Carol was the captain of one of the teams. Carol wore a very short skirt to go bowling in. I sat on a back spectator seat and watched as she threw the ball down the alley and her skirt would flounce up. All the men cheered when she knocked some pins down. They would pat her back and a few patted her ass. She smiled at all of them.
When the match was over she came over to where I was sitting and I asked if she would like a drink at the bar. She smiled. We sat on the high stools and chatted while we had a drink. Her skirt once again slipped up giving me another generous view of her gorgeous thighs. She told me she was meeting her date at the bar. We talked for a while, mostly about work. A tall slim man came in and walked over to us. Carol introduced us, Dick meet Peter. We shook hands and I noticed a wedding ring on his finger. They said good night and strolled out hand in hand.
Carol regularly had lunch with a group of senior management men. Sometimes she would return a little flush in the face from too much wine. On those afternoons she would spend a lot time in my cubicle flirting and sometimes flashing her panties. We talked about everything. She was very open about her life. She told me she was having an affair with a married man and that she had had affairs or one night stands with a number of other men including some at work. I was turned on like never before. One of the other men at work told me she had a real reputation.
One day at work it snowed quite heavily and Carol asked if I would give her a ride home. She usually walked to work or rode her bike. I jumped at the opportunity. I drove her home and we sat in my car for over an hour talking and lightly flirting. I was enthralled. Finally she gave me a peck on the cheek, got out of the car, leaned in and asked if I could pick her up the following morning.
I didn't sleep well that night. My imagination ran wild with sexy thoughts about Carol. I must have jerked off three times.
The next morning I knocked on the door of her apartment and after a few minutes she opened it. She was wearing a silky kimono and skirt. She asked me to come into her bedroom while she finished getting ready for work. Carol sat on a stool in front of a mirror and I sat on her bed watching. When she took the kimono off she was wearing a black bra. I was stunned. She brushed her hair and chatted with me. She casually walked over to her closet and picked out a blouse to wear. I was stunned. She then said we needed to get to work.
All day at work I was tingling with anticipation. That afternoon Carol asked if I could drive her home again. When we got to her street she invited me up to her apartment for a glass of wine. Her apartment was a second floor walk up in a somewhat shabby building. Her apartment had a large living room with a couch and, a small kitchen and a bedroom with a large ornate bed. She offered me a glass of inexpensive Rose wine.
We sat, drank and chatted for a while. Carol then put on some music and I held our my hand to dance with her. We danced to slow sensuous songs and held each other tightly. After a few dances we sat on the couch and started making out. We exchanged tongue twirling kisses and moans of desire. When I moved to caress her breasts she stopped my hand and said too soon. After our hot make out session Carol told me I should go home and asked me to pick her up in the morning.
Needless to say I once again jerked off multiple times with my mind full of carnal images of Carol.
The next morning I went to pick her up for work. She was wearing the same kimono and I sat on the bed to chat and wait. She took the kimono off and her breasts were bare. They stood straight out, so firm, her skin glowing red with lust. Her areolas were dark brown with small bumps and nickle-sized and her nipples were taut and standing out like erasers.
She started to casually brush her long hair. I stepped behind her and kissed her neck. She reached up and pulled me in for a deep kiss and I caressed her tits and pinched her nipples. She stood up and I pulled her to me, her breasts crushed into my chest, her hands around my neck and our hips bouncing together. She moaned into my mouth and smiled at me. Like last night she moved my hands away and said we needed to get to work. Carol put on a thin red mini dress and no bra or panties. I groaned, my cock hard as steel.
All day at work I was painfully aroused. At lunch I suggested we go out to my car and finish making out.
Carol said "No. I've got a system going live and I have to work through lunch."
I ate alone and frustrated. Carol visited my cubicle once and after looking around she stroked my cock through my pants and I soundlessly moaned. She leered at me and whispered "Later."
At the end of the day I drove her home again and this time invited me up to her apartment. We dove into each others arms and began kissing and caressing. I moaned into her mouth and my hands were all over her body. Carol was thrusting her hips at me and grinding her mound on my steel hard cock.
We came up for air and Carol took me by the hand and led me into the bedroom. I lifted her dress over her head and she stood proudly naked in front of me. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Her skin glowed. her eyes were clouded with lust her breasts firm and proud with taut nipples. I stripped off my suit and threw my underwear on the floor. We both fell on the bed. Carol's tongue was thrusting into my mouth. I took a nipple into my mouth and sucked nearly the whole tit in.
I started caressing her body. I was lost in a wonderland of lust. I slid my finger into her shaved slit and it was sopping wet. I finger fucked her while she groaned. She threw her leg over my leg and was frenziedly humping me. Carol was the embodiment of all my sexual dreams. She rubbed her whole body on me and I felt like I had gone into erotic paradise. I was more in lust than I had ever been.
I kissed my way down her body, lingering over every inch. I licked her thighs wanting this to last forever, Finally I opened my mouth to cover her cunt and slathered her lips with my tongue and my drooling mouth. She tasted like sexual ambrosia. I took her engorged clit into my mouth and sucked it like it was a small cock. She was moaning and grinding her cunt on my face, groaning with lust. She trapped my face between her legs and came like a volcano. Her whole body trembled with her orgasm as it rolled through her.
I held her while she kept quivering and groaning.
As her orgasm subsided I got on my hands and knees over her body. I looked down and feasted on her shimmering body. I kissed her sharing the taste of her cunt while tongue fucking her. Carol took my cock in her hand and rubbed it up and down her on her flowing cunt. I thrust my hips forward and my cock sank into her volcanic cunt. I froze, embedded in her, savoring the moment of our first fuck.
Carol started humping up driving me deeper and deeper into her. She groaned, "Fuck, Fuck meee." I started plunging into her. My cock was on fire. Soon we were both in a fucking frenzy that I never wanted to stop. I don't know how long we lasted. I wished it were a lifetime. When I came I felt like I was shooting lightening bolts into her cunt. When Carol came she was moaning loudly and thrashing around. Her whole body was flush red with sex.
We cuddled and enjoy the after glow of sex. Suddenly there a pounding of her front door and someone was yelling "Carol, I know you're in there".
She looked at me with panic in her eyes and said I had to leave. The only way out was through her bedroom window with a fire escape. I was totally confused and threw my clothes on (I missed a sock), climbed out the window and ran down the fire escape. I knew Carol was sitting in the bed, naked, flushed with sex and full of cum.
When I got home stripped and went to bed. I finally figured out that it was her married boyfriend at the door. I knew they were fucking. The images aroused me in a way I couldn't understand. I was very hard and horny. I slept restlessly, dreaming of our fucking and their fucking and my panicked exit.