Note: This story was written for theNude Day Story Contest 2022. Please let me know your thoughts. Happy reading!
I never should have bought the house—at least not according to my father. He'd never been a fan of the suburbs, saying the neighborhoods were too cookie-cutter, too cramped. It made him think of sardines in a can, one home packed against another with barely a scrap of lawn in between. He wasn't entirely wrong, of course, but I'd already fallen in love with the little blue house, and nothing he said could convince me otherwise. Within the week, I'd signed the deed and was slated to move in the first week of July.
That's when I first met the Bakers.
They lived next door in a home nearly identical to my own. Chris was tall, dark-haired, and well-muscled. He had the brightest blue eyes I'd ever seen and a wicked grin. Angie, his wife, was a bubbly blonde with an hourglass figure I envied. While my breasts were by no means small, hers were large enough to strain against every top she wore. I suppose God really did have favorites.
In truth, I liked the Bakers and was glad to have them nearby. Chris had kindly offered to help me move in, and Angie had dropped off home-cooked meals until I was truly settled. Privacy, however, was an entirely different matter.
I often wondered if the architect who'd designed our homes had been a voyeur. Without a hedge or fence between us, several of my windows looked directly into the Bakers'. Three to be exact: one in the kitchen, one in my bedroom, one in the upstairs bath (for what reason I did not know). To make things worse, there were no drapes. The ones I'd ordered had been delayed in transit—yet again. So, I'd spent the last few weeks awkwardly averting my eyes, trying to afford them as much privacy as possible. Not that the Bakers seemed to mind—they'd been living here for years and had never bothered to put any up.
This morning, however, was the last straw.
A fullthree hoursbefore my alarm was set to go off, I woke to the sun streaming through my open window. "Fucking hell," I groaned, trying—and failing—to fall back asleep. "I'll go and buy the fucking curtains myself." Forcing myself out of bed, I strode to the bathroom, brushed my teeth, and wrangled my mass of dark curls into a ponytail. Then, cursing shipment delays, I made my way downstairs for some coffee. That's when I saw them.
The window above my kitchen sink allowed for an unobstructed view directly into the Bakers' ground floor. Frozen in shock, I watched as Angie laid back on their dining room table, completely naked. Her long, blonde hair fell off her shoulders, brushing along her exposed back. I couldn't help but stare as she kneaded her breasts with her hands, tugging at her rosy nipples. Chris stood between her legs, equally nude, his large cock resting on his wife's taunt lower abdomen. He thrust lazily, his shaft sliding back and forth along her creamy skin. As his cock moved over her clit, Angie writhed beneath him on the table, her thigh shivering.
And that's when he saw me.
The moment our eyes locked, all the blood drained from my face. I gasped, my hand flying up to cover my mouth. I tried to turn, to run, but I found myself unable to move. We just continued to stare at one another, his blue eyes boring into my mine.
Then, without breaking eye contact, he smiled and gripped the base of his cock. Watching me as intently as I watched him, he re-positioned himself at his wife's center and entered her in a single, powerful stroke. As Angie closed her eyes in ecstasy, head dropping back, Chris mouthed a single word:Watch.So I did.
He fucked her brutally, fingers digging into her hips as he pounded into her. Their entire dining table shook with the force of his thrusts, and I imagined that I could hear Angie's cries through the walls. A few times, he lowered his lips to his wife's bare breasts, sucking her puffy, pink nipples into his mouth. Each time, his gaze would find mine...as though promising I'd be next. I couldn't tell if it had been minutes or hours by the time he finally came, spraying his seed in hot bursts across her stomach, chest, and face. He then kissed her, eyes locked on mine, before carrying her away into another room.
I stood there a moment longer, trying to come to terms with what I'd just seen. My panties were drenched, my pussy aching, and I didn't make it all of two steps before touching myself. As my fingers danced across my swollen clit, I came hard in front of the window. My eyes squeezed shut as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. When I finally reopened them, I found Chris once more standing across the way, a knowing gleam in his eyes.
The rest of the day passed in a blur. I could barely concentrate on anything. Each time I tried, images of Angie's breasts or Chris' cock would spring to mind, leaving me breathless and aroused. Shaken by my reaction, I rushed to the store as soon as I got off work. There were only two sets of blinds in stock, and none in the size I needed for my bathroom. I bought both anyway and hung them up as soon as I arrived back home. Part of me (more than I would like to admit) protested the action, but I ignored it. I couldn't—wouldn't—spy on them again. Even if that's what he (they?) wanted.
____________
A few days later...
Half a bottle of wine and a romantic comedy later, I stood under the spray of the shower as I readied myself for bed. Washing the last of the shampoo from my hair, I rinsed the soap from my skin and toweled dry before stepping out naked onto the cold tile.
There was no fan in the bathroom, so I cracked open the window to let some the humidity out. As the steam slowly leeched from the room, I watched my reflection appear in the mirror. My tanned skin was flushed from the heat of the shower, my lips stained and brown eyes bright from the wine. My stomach was flat and toned, the skin of my round, full breasts paler and bordered by tan lines. Admiring myself for a moment, I traced a finger over my pebbled nipples and down over my smooth, bare cunt. Just as I was about to explore further, a deep, masculine groan sounded behind me. I stiffened, too scared to turn around.
As the rest of the steam cleared from the mirror, I could see reflected in it the window behind me. The Bakers had theirs cracked open as well and sounds of pleasure carried out across the short distance. Curtain-less, it allowed unobstructed access into their bedroom, where Angie currently kneeled, taking Chris deep into her throat. Her lips wrapped tightly around his shaft as she blew him, her cheeks hollowing out with every delicious suck and pull. Chris shuddered as she swallowed him entirety, one hand wrapped around her ponytail, the other cupping her jaw, fingers extending to wrap around the base of her head.
Heat and desire surged through me as I watched, unable and unwilling to look away. Tears ran down Angie's face as she gagged, bracing her hands against Chris' thighs as he began to thrust. Faster and faster, he used her mouth like a toy, hips snapping forward brutally as he fucked her throat. Angie's eyes rolled back in pleasure, and she reached one hand down to rub circles over her clit. I could hear her muffled moans joining his, as I mirrored her, touching myself to the two of them. I tried to keep quiet as I pushed my fingers into my wetness, sinking them into my tight pussy. Harder and harder, I pushed myself closer to the edge as Angie's orgasm overtook her. She cried out around her husband's thick shaft, body quaking with the force of her pleasure. I came as soon as Chris' hips began to jerk, whimpering as he found his release, cumming down Angie's throat. She swallowed hungrily, not spilling a drop, cleaning his dick with her tongue as soon as he removed it. Before I could hide, she turned towards me and winked.
____________
A week later, I received a text message from Angie. She was busy re-doing her wardrobe and asked if I'd like to stop by and go through some of her clothes. I was more than happy to say yes, and she let me inside before stepping out to run some errands.
I found her closet easily enough. It was located upstairs inside their bedroom, and Angie had tacked a note to the door instructing me to take anything I liked. I hadn't been there more than 15 minutes or so when I heard two sets of feet coming up the stairs. My heart began thudding in fear—there was no way that Angie could be home already. She'd just left! My pulse slowed a bit, however, when I heard Chris' voice ring out, followed by a soft, feminine giggle.
As the couple drew nearer, I pulled the door of the closet shut, praying they'd go elsewhere. No dice. They entered the bedroom with the unmistakable sound of kissing and discarded clothes. My mind stumbled to a halt—was Chris having an affair? Cracking the door open, I peered out to see...Chris' face buried between Angie's thighs? He nuzzled his face into her dripping cunt, licking her juices as he parted her pussy lips with his fingers, fucking her with his tongue. I felt myself getting wet as I watched, wondering what it would feel like to be in her place.
"You taste so good, baby," Chris murmured. "Such a sweet fucking cunt you have." He was sucking on her clit now, hands pinning Angie's legs wide open. Her hips jerked wildly as she came, screaming his name. The closet suddenly felt too hot, and I removed my clothes without thinking. Naked, I touched myself as Chris laid on the bed next to his wife, her hand massaging his growing erection.
"Your dick is throbbing," Angie teased him. "Tell me, what're you thinking about?"
"You," Chris grunted. But Angie only shook her head.
"Tell the truth or I'll stop," she warned, her motions slowing.
"Fine. The girl."
"What girl? Be specific."
As he moaned my name in response, I nearly fell out of the closet with surprise.
"Yeah?" Amy was saying, her hand resuming its movement. "You like it when she watches us?"
"Fuck, yes. God, yes."
Angie's eyes darted over to the closet, searching. I panted in arousal as her gaze traveled down my body, resting hungrily where my fingers had begun to stroke in and out of my growing wetness. "What would you do if she were here with us now?" Angie asked slyly, never looking away as though she didn't want to miss my reaction.
"Fuck her," he growled. "You know how long we've wanted to fuck her for, Angie. Don't play dumb."
She grinned as my eyes went wide. They...they wantedme? Both of them?Together?
Raising her voice, Angie quirked two fingers in my direction. "Don't be shy, honey, you heard him. Come out and play."
Eyes dark with desire, Chris bolted upright. "She's here?"
Angie nodded smugly as I stepped nervously from the closet. "I'm here," I whispered, the words catching in my throat.
"Join us," Angie cooed, patting the empty space between her and her husband. "You know you want to."
Moving as if in a dream, I stumbled over to the bed, sitting between them on the mattress. Instantly, I could feel two pairs of hands stroking over me. They seemed to be everywhere at once—on my hips, my breasts, my stomach, my ass. Leaning in, Angie kissed me deeply, tugging my bottom lip between her teeth as I moaned. One of her hands pulled at mine, bringing it to her heavy breasts. I marveled at its softness beneath my fingers, squeezing and playing with her hardening nipples.
As our tongues battled, I felt another hand—this one larger—work its way between my legs, cupping my mound. The other pressed me back into the mattress until I was flat on my back, Angie moving to straddle me. Though her figure blocked my view, I could feel thick fingers exploring my pussy, pressing one at a time into my tight, needy core. I came alight with pleasure, riding Chris' fingers as his wife settled her glistening pussy over my mouth.
I licked her like I'd been starved for it. I'd never been with another woman before, and I marveled at the taste of her. My hands found her hips and I held her to me, not caring if suffocated. As I laved over her swollen bud with my tongue, I felt her grind down into me, riding my face in earnest. Thrusting two fingers inside her, I scissored them as I sought her g-spot, intent on making her cum.
The mattress dipped, and I felt Chris kneel between my thighs. The head of his cock pressed into me, his hands coming up to cup my breasts. Inch by inch he filled me, until he was sheathed completely inside. As his wife turned to kiss him, he began pounding into me, hitting my cervix with each thrust.
Above me, Angie clamped her thighs around my head as she climaxed, getting off on the visual of her husband buried balls deep in a younger woman. Her juices flooded my mouth, and I drank her down eagerly. She tasted sweet and heady, the combination intoxicating. Lifting off me, Angie watched her husband lift each of my ankles over his shoulders, leaning forward until I was almost folded in half. The position forced him deeper still, his cock finding that perfect spot inside me. With every stroke, he brought me closer and closer to the edge. My eyes rolled back, and I moaned—arching off the mattress in ecstasy. I could feel the cool metal of his wedding band pressing into my throat as he wrapped his fingers around my neck, choking me.
"Yes, fuck her, baby," Angie cooed. Through my spinning vision, I watched as she kissed her husband, egging him on. "You like that tight, young pussy, don't you? I bet she feels so good wrapped around your cock, huh?"
"Fuck!" Chris came with a roar, spilling his seed inside me. The feeling of his dick pulsing inside me had me plummeting over the edge with him, the lack of oxygen making my orgasm more intense than ever before.
As I caught my breath, Angie guided me further up the mattress so that I reclined against their pillows. With a wicked smile on her face, she parted my quivering thighs and licked her husband's cum from my pussy. The feel of her mouth over my overly sensitive folds made me writhe. I tugged on her hair as she thrust her tongue into my center, gasping her name as it all became too much. I was unsure if I wanted her to stop or not, caught on the thin line between pain and pleasure. Reaching back, Angie took her husband's cock in hand, jerking him as she sucked our combined juices from my cunt. I licked my lips, watching him grow and hardened under her attention.
"You like tasting me on her cunt?" he growled, running his hands over her ass. "What a dirty fucking slut." He punctuated the last word with a sharp slap across her cheeks. Angie moaned in response, the vibration making my pussy throb beneath her lips.
Fitting himself between her legs, he took her from behind in one brutal stroke. As he continued to thrust in and out of her, he ground her face down into my pussy, his other hand reaching beneath her to fondle her swaying breasts.
The entire bed was shaking now, the headboard banging against the wall. The power with which he pounded into her had her gripping my thighs for dear life. With each thrust forward, the movement sent her mouth higher, rocking over my clit. Already sensitized, I climaxed with a scream, bucking my hips uncontrollably.
When I came back to my senses, I lowered myself off the pillows and fit myself beneath Angie who'd lifted up on all fours. Pulling her face to mine, I crashed my lips against hers, tasting both myself and Chris on her tongue. I moaned at the taste, wanting more of it.
Watching us kiss, Chris came with a groan, pumping his seed into his wife hungry cunt. Angie cried out against my mouth as she orgasmed, body trembling above me. I didn't break the kiss until she'd finished riding out her pleasure, her moans turning breathy. When Chris finally pulled out, I watched as cum dribbled down her spread thighs.
Still on her hands and knees, Angie crawled to face him, cleaning his cock with her tongue. Her dipping cunt was now directly above me, and I gripped her ass, using it to lift myself closer. As she sucked her juices off her husband's cock, I licked her pussy with long, languid strokes, savoring the taste of both their orgasms on my tongue.This, I thought sleepily,must be paradise.
Needless to say, I never regretted buying the house. I even threw out my curtains the next day.
____________
A/N: I hope you enjoyed! I'd really appreciate hearing your thoughts. Please don't forget to vote and/or comment if you have time!