The evening had gone much as the many previous visits we'd made to The Oak recently. Barbara had spent the evening arousing a guy called Colin with some of the hundreds of dirty pictures she had stored on her phone.
The evening had ended with her allowing Colin a good feel of her pert breasts, through the material of her dress, and a promise of more should they ever meet again. This had become an almost nightly routine, albeit the venue moving between the pub we were in tonight, the scene of Barbara's initiation into the pleasures of indecently exposing herself to strangers, and a handful of other suitable bars and hotels across the area.
The key to choosing a location was whether there was accommodation attached, and particularly accommodation which attracted people like Colin. Or Darren, Tony, Luke or any of Barbara's many other new friends she'd made over the past month or so, since we'd discovered this guilty pleasure.
There was definitely an understanding that this behaviour wasn't sustainable. The problem was, neither of us had any inclination to slow things down, it was just too damned exciting.
We'd left Colin with instructions to enjoy a nice wank over what he'd seen tonight and were halfway across the car park. The Oak was a short stroll from our home.
"Hey! Excuse me!" A male voice called urgently. We stopped and turned, not expecting us to be the target. But we were the ones being called. A short, slightly portly gentleman approached us. As he entered the light of the lamppost which stood at the main entrance to the pub, I recognised him -- he was the landlord of 'The Oak', the pub we'd just left.
"Hello?" I said, confused. I wondered if Babs had left her handbag behind.
"Listen," the man was somewhat flustered, I thought. "I know what you are up to. And there's no place for it in my pub, OK?"
"I'm sorry?" Barbara sounded worried.
"Soliciting, in my pub. I won't have it; do you understand me?"
"Soliciting?" I was genuinely confused, thinking of lawyers, rather than the soliciting this guy was talking about. Barbara was more on point.
"Oh, no! We're doing nothing like that, I can assure you!" her voice had a hint of panic, but she was doing her best to sound calm and measured. My erection was completely gone now.
"You do realise my pub has cameras covering all corners of the room, don't you? I've been watching you. Every time you come in you are targeting the single men. And I've seen some of the stuff you get up to. Tell me that's not the behaviour of a whore!" He presented his phone to us, which was playing back remarkably clear imagery of Barbara pushing her chest forwards as Colin had a good feel of her tits.
We had been caught. My heart sank. Best case, we'd need to steer clear of the Oak. Worse case, this guy had some information which could destroy our lives and careers -- Barbara's anyway. Barbara spoke before I could think of what to say.
"Oh, this is a misunderstanding..." she leaned forward to read the guy's name-badge. "...Harry. You got me, granted. And I guess you could call me a whore, but not the type you are thinking of. I prefer slut."
"What?"
"A whore gets paid. I do it for fun."
The cold night air had brought everything into sharp focus. Barbara had one weapon, and it was one she was learning to use very effectively. Underneath the fear of where this could end, I couldn't help but admire just how invested in her new personality Babs had become.
Harry had no immediate response, so Babs continued.
"I can totally understand why you'd think that, from what you've seen. But honestly, there's nothing like that going on. I am... I like to talk to guys about certain things. And sometimes we get carried away. There's no soliciting, I guarantee it. You can check all your footage; you'll never see any money changing hands."
Harry looked at his phone. I wondered how long he'd been watching Barbara's antics. I thought of the multiple times she'd grasped guys cocks in that secluded booth we liked at the far corner of the room. More than once she'd flashed her pussy, and she'd even let two guys finger her. The recording Harry had shown us meant that, if the footage still existed, it would be very clear. The way he spoke next told us that he'd seen everything.
"I've checked the footage. You've been in here for the last six weeks, and each time you are up to something. OK, maybe I haven't seen any money changing hands, granted. But I've seen what you get up to, and that's not the behaviour of a normal couple."
"You've got me there, Harry. I've never claimed to be normal." She paused, eyeing the problem up and down for a few seconds. "I'm going to level with you. What you've seen, it could ruin me."
There was no indication that Harry recognised Babs or knew anything about her day job, and she didn't give him any further information. But even though he didn't know it, he held all the power. She needed to change that.
The one weapon she had at her disposal was one she'd been working on very intensively for the past few weeks.
"Are you married, Harry?" Barbara had adopted her innocent expression, which I knew meant she had some wicked thoughts flying around her mind.
"What? Yes, why?"
"Do you live above the pub there?" she nodded at the building. Harry shrugged, and Babs continued.
"Is your wife upstairs now? Like I said, I do certain things for fun. I totally get that you need to keep your pub clean and family friendly -- totally. Can I ask, though, when was the last time your wife sucked your cock?"
Her words ripped through any vagaries, leaving no room for misunderstanding, going straight to the point. My stomach sank to my knees. My girlfriend, the headmistress at the school which was visible over the trees behind the pub, was looking to buy her way out of this awkward situation by offering oral sex to this fat, unattractive landlord. He took a long time to answer. When he eventually did, it was obvious the power dynamic had shifted dramatically.
"What are you saying?" His tone gave it away. I could guarantee that he'd not received oral sex from his wife in recent memory. Barbara, dressed and made up so elegantly, with such a pretty face and legs which I noticed Harry's eyes kept involuntarily being drawn to, was making hm a proposal. She'd already been outed as 'that sort of girl', he'd seen the evidence himself on his CCTV.
And now she was indicating that she might suck his cock. Any indignation or outrage at Barbara's behaviour was now totally forgotten. Babs continued to push home her advantage.
"I'm saying," she stepped closer to Harry, so that her beautiful, soft and extremely desirable body was pushing lightly against his. "There's no need to make a big deal of this. Let's go back inside, I'm sure you can find somewhere quiet where we can talk about this like adults."
A few minutes later, Barbara was on her knees in the office. The staff had finished for the night, all that was left was for Harry to cash up. But tonight, he would be a little late. Barbara's idea of talking about the situation like an adult had meant that Harry's cock was in her mouth as soon as the office door was closed.
This was, I told myself, it. The circumstances were different to how I thought it would happen, but my girlfriend was on her knees, undoing this stranger's belt. Despite the potential for this situation causing a huge problem in our lives, Barbara was, I could tell, enjoying herself. The flush on her chest which always accompanies arousal was evident, and again I noticed the goosepimples on her arms, despite the warm temperature in the office.
Harry never even acknowledged my presence. His belly sagged over the top of his belt, Barbara's forehead pushing against it as she licked and sucked his unimpressive penis. He was totally flaccid at first, but Barbara soon had him fully erect. He was probably only four inches in length and not particularly thick, so Barbara's hungry mouth engulfed him completely and repeatedly, occasionally breaking free to chat.
"Is that nice, Harry?" she smiled at him, as she wanked his cock firmly and smiled up into his dazed face. "I'm going to make you an offer. If you never mention this to anyone, then every time you see me in your pub, it will end like this. How does that sound?"
Giving him a good chance to think about it, she resumed giving her full attention to his cock. Despite everything, I found my cock stirring again. This wasn't quite how I'd imagined it would happen, but Barbara had a strange cock in her mouth, and she was doing her very best job of bringing it off as quickly as she could.
One question I'd had, which was how I'd feel when confronted with the reality of my princess getting to grips with a strange cock, was answered anyway. I was worried about the situation, sure. And it was hard to relax, given the circumstances. But I had not an ounce of worry or jealousy that Babs had a strange cock in her mouth, despite the enjoyment my girlfriend was giving this guy, working hard on his short length and making little appreciative groans and whimpers as she did so.
"But," she continued, again pulling free of the cock to give herself the chance to talk again, "If anyone finds out, then this will never happen again. I think that sounds like a pretty good deal for you, right?"
Harry still held all the cards. He could easily switch the situation around; he was well aware that our dirty little secret couldn't get out. Another guy might have used this to blackmail Babs into exactly what she was going right now. But instead, the blackmail had been switched around. If he didn't keep quiet, this would be the one and only time my girlfriend would suck his cock.
She went back to work on him. I knew from very regular experience that the feeling Harry was enjoying right now was not one that was easily repeatable. He began grunting quietly. Barbara continued working his cock expertly, her eyes fixed on his.
"Does that feel nice, Harry? Do you like these sexy lips being wrapped around your cock? Imagine, we usually come into your pub once a week. If we're all nice to each other, I'm perfectly happy to make sure you get this feeling every week. Would you like that?"
I was now completely erect. Babs had sucked every ounce of threat from the situation, and the filthiness of what was happening had crept up on me. For the first time, my girlfriend had a cock in her mouth that wasn't mine. And I was very happy with the situation.
Babs hadn't slowed down. She was determined to bring Harry off, and it was almost time.
"Does your wife let you shoot in her face, Harry? Does she swallow your load? I will. Whatever you want, imagine that! All you have to do is just keep this quiet, and you can have this every week. I love cum."
This seemed to appeal to Harry, and he started shuddering and twitching. Babs kept her lips clamped around his cock, her eyes not leaving his. He was very obviously shooting into her mouth now, and still she kept on sucking, milking all he had.
"Fuck's sake," he eventually said, slumping back into the office chair behind him. Barbara remained on her knees, and made a point of showing Harry his large, thick load on her tongue, before swallowing it all with a wink.
She spent a minute or two returning to his softening cock, licking and lapping up any remainders he could produce, before standing and taking her handbag from his desk.
"I hope we see you soon, Harry!" So saying, she leaned down and gave him a little kiss on the cheek, making sure to brush his chest with hers, and leave the scent of her perfume hanging over him.
The real jeopardy of the situation Barbara had just sucked her way out of, for the time being at least, spurred her on even more. Everything suddenly moved on, as if she'd completed stage one and was now done with that.
Until now the furthest she'd gone had been giving little flashes and allowing clandestine gropes. But now, now she'd sucked a guy off and swallowed his sperm. The way we fucked that night, each of us revelling in the sheer disgusting, unbridled and unadulterated sluttiness Barbara was revealing, told me that there was a lot more to come.
That same week was Barbara's thirtieth birthday. It was quite a big day for her, and her family threw a party at their home, which was about an hour's drive from us. I'd casually wondered out loud whether her friend Julia might be attending.
Julia sadly couldn't make it, but it was interesting to meet Barbara's relations. She had a happy, tight family unit. Her parents were nearly at retirement age and were very pleased to meet the first man Barbara had ever taken home, at the age of thirty years old.
Her mum, Margaret, had lamented that she'd feared the chance of grandchildren had gone, from her oldest daughter anyway, and delighted in encouraging me to impregnate her daughter, in sociably acceptable words. Barbara was embarrassed that she kept returning to the subject, telling her to shut up, but I quite enjoyed it.
My own father had given me some advice which I'd always remembered: 'If you want to see what a girl is going to look like when she's older, look at her mother.' Margaret still had a pretty good body, approaching sixty as she was. If that was how Barbara would look in thirty years' time, I was OK with that. She had, for her age, a superb cleavage which was tastefully propped up in her low-cut, green dress.
Ken, the father, shook my hand warmly upon my arrival and made sure I wasn't short of a drink. Barbara's two sisters, both younger, were both pretty and of a similar stock to my girlfriend. One, Michelle, was brunette, whilst Marianne was blonde like Babs. As with their parents, they repeated their surprise and delight that their older sister had finally found a 'decent' man.
Both girls shared Barbara's dress sense, as indeed did their mother -- it was obviously a family trait to dress nicely, lots of leg and cleavage on show.
As the alcohol flowed, both sisters, Michelle in particular, knowingly commented that it was about time their sister was 'getting what she needed', with a wink or a smile. The fact that, unknown to the family, she was getting so much of what she needed, and not just from me, was immensely arousing.
I found myself picturing their reaction if the family discovered sweet, innocent little Barbara's penchant for exposing herself to strangers had now escalated into her sucking strange cock and was edging gradually to the inevitable point where she'd allow random guys to fuck her.
I imagined their surprise to learn that she loved flicking through pornographic magazines and had posed for thousands of sexy photos. How would they react if they knew just what a slut their erstwhile untouched sibling and offspring had become?
After we retired to Barbara's old bedroom, the décor illustrated why her new side would be such a shock and surprise to anyone who'd known her before. Her room was largely untouched, by the looks of things, from prior to her leaving for university. There were some photos of friends on the walls, but the general theme was teddy bears, pink cushions, flowers and the like.
If I could have pictured a virgin's bedroom, this was it. But Barbara was a virgin no more -- far from it. She proved this with her next words, which intrigued and delighted me.
"I bet you're thinking about what my sisters look like naked, aren't you?"
I actually wasn't, at that specific point in time, although her mother might have been up there somewhere. But now she'd mentioned it...
"What?" was all I could say. In my experience, telling a girl that you are thinking of her sisters in that way is invariably a bad idea. Barbara giggled.
"Don't lie! They are gorgeous, I know. I'd be a bit worried if you didn't find them attractive, everybody does."
"OK, sure. I mean..." I sensed that honesty was always the best policy with Barbara, even in situations such as this. "...you have a very attractive family. I can see where you all get it from. Your mum looks amazing for her age!"
Barbara raised her eyebrows, but her face showed only warmth and happiness. It was obviously fine for me to find her mother and sisters arousing.
This led to some amazing sex. Whilst I was sure this would and could never happen, Barbara loved me whispering how much I'd love Michelle to sit on my face as Marianne bounced on my cock. As my arousal grew, I pushed things further, telling her how I'd bang into Marianne as she tongued her sister, or I'd enjoy fucking each of their tight little pussies as they kissed and felt each other's naked bodies.
There didn't seem to be anything I could say that Barbara found unacceptable -- far from it, she was lapping up my disgusting thoughts, waiting for more like a dog waits for a treat. I carried on, totally unrestrained now.
"I've love Michelle to be sitting on me, just like this," Barbara was on top of me in reverse cowgirl. We were both watching my cock spear into her in the mirror on the wall, little pink flower stickers all around the edge, probably stuck on there by a much different girl to the Barbara looking at them now.
"Marianne would stand on the bed, so Michelle could lick her wet little cunt. And you could get your face between Michelle's legs, lick her little clit and my balls whilst I fuck your sister." As I said it, Barbara's hand moved immediately to her clit, her finger perhaps emulating what I'd suggested her tongue could do to her sister. She began to buck a little, her orgasm was approaching.
"I'm ready to cum now. I need Margaret in here too." I flipped Barbara onto her back, spreading her legs wide and slamming back into her. "I'm going to fuck your mother just like this. And you, Michelle and Barbara will be right here, sucking those big tits and kissing each other," my mind was in full fantasy mode now, I was just saying whatever jumped in there.
"And then I'm going to pull out and spray a massive load of cum on all three of your faces, and all over Margaret's cunt. And then take pictures as you three girls clean it all up..." Barbara was cumming, and so was I, pulling out and expelling a load the like of which I'd never managed before, and wouldn't again. The pleasure that coursed through my whole body with every contraction was incredible, and it kept coming. Six, seven, eight huge ropes, and still it continued.
Finally, Barbara looked like she'd had four or five guys wanking over her. She was delighted.
"Wow!" she smiled appreciatively, twirling her finger around in the mess which coated her from neck to belly. "Look what thinking about fucking my sisters brought out in you! And my mother! What a fucking pervert you are!"
It was said with only affection, even admiration. She loved the absolutely immoral fantasies which had flowed from me so easily, utterly unacceptable to most, but absolutely adored by my girlfriend. Looking around the virginal, childlike bedroom, I realised the old Barbara who grew up here was gone for ever. She was making up for those chaste years completely and thoroughly now, and it was a joy to be part of it.
"That was pretty intense, last night." I tentatively began on the drive home.
"Wasn't it!" In the cold light of day, no alcohol to blame, Barbara was still at ease with what had happened. I'd fantasised about fucking her sisters and mother. About her having sex with them too. And she was fine with it.
"I never thought -- I mean, most girls would not be happy if their boyfriend was thinking about their own sister -- and their mother!" My cock involuntarily twitched at the thought.
"Yeah, I know," Babs laughed. "It hadn't crossed my mind either, until I saw you eying them all up last night. But it's only fair right? I'm doing all this stuff with other guys, I can't expect you to be some sort of monk!"
I laughed to myself. Barbara, it seemed, considered that not fantasising about sex with her sisters and mother would realistically only be achievable by a monk.
"But - and I'm just checking - it's just talk, right? It's a pretty hot subject, but all just fantasy, right?"
"Of course! I mean, I can't imagine for a moment that Marianne or Michelle would even dream about doing something like that. And as for Mum! But there's no harm in talking about it, is there?"
My girlfriend thought there was no harm in us fantasising about me -- and her -- having sex with her sisters and mother. I was driving but found myself shifting in my seat as I was again fully erect.
"This has really got to you, hasn't it?" Barbara had noticed my erection and was immediately freeing it. I pulled over into a layby.
"What was it that did it for you? Imagining what they all look like naked? She was pulling up and down on my cock as she looked into my eyes, enjoying the power this revelation gave her over me.
"They are stunning, all of them. But it's when I think of you getting involved..."
"Dan! Are you saying you want to see this little tongue," she tickled my frenulum gently, "licking Michelle's little clit?"
"Oh, fuck yes! And Marianne, and Margaret!"
"You want to watch me licking my own mother's pussy?" she said in mock shock. She was teasing me, and I was going to blow any second.
"Just like I said last night. Fuck your mother, pull out and cum all over her. Then you three girls clean her up... fuck!" At this I was cumming again, right into Barbara's mouth as she looked at me, her eyes smiling. There wasn't much semen for her, in comparison to last night, but she swallowed it up like the good slut she was, resting her face in my lap and looking up into my eyes.
I felt a feeling wash over me which I'd not experienced in my life so far.
"I fucking love you, you know," It was the first time I'd said this to my girlfriend of nearly a year. Barbara replied in kind.
"Dan, I love you more, I promise. We are made for each other." We shared a long, loving kiss, the taste of my own semen on her breath simply adding to the intimacy. That this landmark moment in our relationship was arrived at on the back of a conversation about us having incestuous sex with her sisters and mother, underlined the unconventional nature of our relationship.
To be continued...