Last night when I told John about my day with Analyse and his friends James and Avery, he seemed particularly interested in my new bi-sexual experiences. I really haven't had sex with a woman until recently but now that it started, there seems to be all kinds of new opportunities for me.
I am taking it easy this morning, lying in bed and catching up on some reading and Facebook. John hates Facebook but it's how I keep up with my girlfriends. I love seeing what they are up to on their vacations or seeing what their kids are doing. This way, I don't need kids of my own because I can live vicariously through my friends and my sister.
There is already a lot of chatter amongst my friends about going out tonight. We are all meeting for dinner and then dancing. There are 5 of us including my best friends, Lisa and Diane who are the wives of the two men that have been collecting on their golf bet with me over the last two days. There are also to other friends, Penny and Tammy. Penny lives on our street and is a ton of fun and Tammy used to live in our neighborhood but now lives a couple miles away.
Tammy was the first woman that I really ever had sex with. It all started when her husband, Chris, won a hand of poker where my husband had put up a special prize, a blow-job from me. Tammy was one of the poker players that night and well... Tammy and I ended up servicing all of the guys that night and had some special time alone in the shower. But, that is another story.
Anyway, everyone seems super-excited about tonight. It has been a while since we girls got together. We used to do this on a regular basis. We would go to dinner and then dancing, flirting with all the guys, getting drunk and just having a great time. Nobody ever really did anything other than flirt but it is always a good feeling to get hit on by some guy that thinks you are hot and tries to feel you up on the dance floor.
I plan on taking it easy, getting a mani-pedi and maybe even a massage this afternoon. I could really use a massage. After the last two days getting fucked in every possible position by those two horn-dogs has me sore in all the right places.
***
Just after lunch I hear a knock on the back door. It's Lisa and she starts talking as soon as I open the door.
"Are you excited about tonight? What are you going to wear? I think we should Uber don't you? That way nobody has to worry about drinking. I am wearing a new dress I bought while I was at my Mom's."
I can't get a word in edge-wise.
I just pour her a glass of chardonnay and hand it to her. It doesn't slow her down except for when she takes a sip but that's okay. She is so adorable when she is this excited.
I do notice that although she is talking non-stop, just like the other day, she is staring right at my boobs. When she slowed down to take a breath, I wedged in, "Why do you keep staring at my boobs?"
"Oh, I don't know, I didn't realize I was."
"You still are!"
"Well, Sweetie, they are staring at me!"
I look down and sure enough, my high-beams are on and they are clearly visible poking out of my tank top. I have given up trying to keep them under control and I am wearing a bra. They just can't seem to be contained.
"They aren't staring at you; they're just glad to see you."
She reaches out and cups them, giving them a little jiggle. "I'm glad to see them too." We both laugh at that.
I take her back to my closet and show her my new dress and ask about hers. She describes her dress but she wants me to try mine on to show her. I don't want to but she insists, so I pull my top off and remove my shorts. I have to take off my bra too. Lisa is staring again. She definitely has a thing for my boobs.
I notice that she checked out my thong as well. "Now what are you looking at?"
"I know you had all your pubes lasered, I was just wondering if any of them ever grew back."
"Not yet. I'm still smooth as a baby's behind down there but they told me that eventually some will probably come back. Why? Are you thinking about having it done?"
"Avery has been all over me for the last few days to get completely waxed. I don't know what got into him but he is all of the sudden all for no hair anywhere."
"Why don't you tell him that if he waxes his balls, you will do the same for your pussy."
"Ha! I like that idea. Maybe that will shut him up."
I slide the dress on and wiggle into it. It still feels a little tight and takes some adjusting to get my big boobs all tucked in. Once it is on, I look in the mirror and think that it shows even more skin than I remember. My boobs are really popping and my cleavage looks huge. There is plenty of side boob showing as well. I wish they would make dresses in a size 4 on the bottom and a 12 on top so they would fit me.
"What do you think?"
"I think that every guy in the place is going to be hitting on you tonight. You look crazy hot in that dress. Where did you get it?"
I told her about my shopping trip yesterday with Analyse but left out the part about flashing the shoe salesman on of course her husband and his best friend fucking our brains out afterward. That did make me remember the shoes since I hadn't actually tried them on with the dress yet.
"Wow, that makes it even sexier," said Lisa.
"Well, you know, with John gone and me all alone, I just might have to find some 21-year-old stud tonight and make him a man."
"You cougar! Just make sure to let me know if you need help. Avery has been so tired when he comes home lately that I might have to replace him with a younger model with a little more stamina."
"What do you mean?" Like I didn't know.
"I don't know. He used to be all over me when he comes home from work but the last couple days, he just sits in his chair and watches TV. Do you think he is getting bored with me?"
"No, John gets that way sometimes," I lied. "I'm sure he has just been working hard and is a little worn out. He'll be back to his normal self once he gets to relax this weekend. He will have all night tonight to relax. Now let's go have another glass of wine."
I take my dress off and just watch Lisa watching me. She really can't take her eyes off my boobs. I put my shorts and my tank-top back on but leave the bra off. That will have her something to look at. We head down to the kitchen and I refill her glass and pour myself one as well.
We talk about her trip to see her mother and a little about gossip in the neighborhood. We are half-way into our 3rd glass of wine when she suddenly turns to me.
"Tabby, can I ask you something?"
"Of course. Anything. What's up?"
"I'm not sure how to ask this."
"Just ask; we're best friends for god's sake. You can ask me anything."
"Okay but don't think badly of me and if you want, you can say no."
"Okaaaay."
"Our 10-year wedding anniversary is coming up next weekend and I want to do something special for Avery."
"Like what?"
"Well, that's the thing. He has every toy he could ever want and he doesn't need anything. So, instead of buying him something, I thought I would do something kind of different."
"Different how?"
"Tabby, I know you love John very much and you would never cheat on him but I wanted to ask... to ask you a big, big favor."
"Are you thinking that you want me to..."
"Yes! I know how he looks at you so I know he would be thrilled if you would..."
"You mean the two of us right?"
"Yes, of course. I want to give him the ultimate fantasy. I have been trying to think of any of my friends that are single but I just don't know who I could ask and you are the only one I could trust."
"So, just to be clear, you want me to have sex with your husband, and you?"
"I'm sorry Tabby, I know that is a lot to ask and well... you are married and I would feel awful if this ever came between you and John."
I can't help but think how excited John would be if I told him. It's funny, I think John has a thing for Lisa. He calls her a "spinner" because she is so tiny. He says he would put her on his cock and tell her to hold her knees and then he would spin her. I already know that he will be all for it but I can't let Lisa know that. At least not yet.
"I need to think about this. I want to help you but I need to figure out a way to get John to agree. I won't do it behind his back." He would definitely want to see it in front of him!
"Now, you need to get your slutty little ass out of here, sober up and get ready to go out tonight!"
"I love you and thank you. You're the best friend ever."
"I haven't said yes yet, but if you really think this will make Avery happy, I will do my best."
***
The Uber driver arrived at Lisa's house right at seven. Tammy, Penny and Diane are already at Lisa's and I just walk next store when I see him pull up. These girls are ready to party. I don't think that Lisa followed my instruction to sober up. She still seems kind of tipsy.
Avery and James were are at the house as well as Chris, Tammy's husband, one of the guys from my husband's poker games that is on the list of guys that my hall pass allows me to have sex with. They all greet me with a nice hug and a big smile. It looks like they have their own party planned for the evening watching basketball and drinking beer.
We all pile into the car and take off for the restaurant.
The restaurant isn't super fancy but there is always a fun crowd there by the time eight or nine o'clock rolls around. We sit and chat and gossip and gawk through dinner. I really needed just a girl's night. We laugh so much that I almost pee myself at one point. That would not have been good seeing that I chose not to wear panties under the dress.
Although we are drinking wine at dinner, afterwards when we hit the bar, everybody is ordering martinis. They were all what my husband calls, girly martinis, like cosmopolitans and lemon-drops but I like them so I don't care what you call them.
We are only there for five minutes before a group of guys from across the bar start hitting on us, wanting to buy us drinks and chat us up. They must have been from out of town because there were four of them together and they all look like they had been working earlier, but now were getting casual, taking off their ties and unbuttoning their shirts a bit.
They were nice and polite but we are out with the girls tonight so we politely give them the brush-off and get back to our girl-talk. At one point, we are laughing and according to the manager, whooping-it-up, a little too much and he very nicely asks us to keep it down.
He was half-kidding when he said it but I know we were being loud and there is a piano player / singer in the bar and we were being a bit rude to those that wanted to hear her. I hadn't even really noticed the singer until I went up to the bar to order another round. She is a really pretty blonde and has a great voice. I pay for the drinks and leave her $20 as a way of saying that we are sorry. She takes the money and smiles a beautiful smile and winks at me.
I am becoming more bi-sexual by the minute, I think. I just pictured her naked sitting at the piano and wondered if she was blonde all-over. That is something my husband would do, not me. At least not the old me. Wow, I better cool it with the martinis.
We hang out at the bar until almost ten o'clock before moving our party down the street to where we are going dancing. There is a short line forming and we have to wait a few minutes until Tammy goes up to the bouncer and says something to him and I think slips him some cash. He waves us through.
The place is already crowed and it's pretty loud. They have a DJ and he is playing some great dance music. We find a table near the dance floor and order the first round of drinks. More martinis. However, when the waiter brings them they are accompanied by shot glasses filled with some reddish looking shots.
Lisa asks, "Where did these come from?"
The waiter points in the direction of the bar toward a man in a suit. "Compliments of the manager. He says it is great to have such beautiful ladies out with us tonight."
We all take our shot glasses, turn toward the manager and down them in one gulp. He smiles and waves and then turns back to the bar and talks to one of the customers.
"Did you see that waiter checking you out?" Lisa asks. "He was practically drooling over your boobs."
"What are you talking about? That kid can't be more than 20 years old."
"I think he is pretty cute and 20 year olds are legal in this state, in case you weren't aware."
"I'm aware, I'm just not interested. Now let's you and I hit the dance floor."
We all go out onto the dance floor and start working off some of the dinner and alcohol we consumed. After 3 or 4 dances I need a break and head back to the table. The other girls follow and we all fall into our chairs and start looking for the waiter to get more drinks.
While we were out dancing a table full of guys sat down just to our left. There are 5 of them and I notice that one is checking me out. Actually the whole table full of guys is checking out our entire table of girls but there is one guy in particular that is looking straight at me and smiles.
He is maybe a few years younger than me and very handsome. He has a really nice body and seems to be the leader. He looks to be a little over 6 feet tall with short dark hair and blue eyes. Maybe that is what caught my eye. They are a bright blue and look amazing with his dark hair.
The guys start chatting us up and we find out that this is a somewhat unofficial bachelor party for the guy that was checking me out. His name is Jack and he is getting married in a few weeks and these guys got together as a pre-bachelor party before they go to Las Vegas. They described it as a planning session. I'm sure they are planning some interesting things that won't ever leave Vegas.
Our drinks come and we toast the groom to be. They offer to buy us shots and before we can even say yes, they arrive at our table. I guess they assumed it would be okay. They had shots too and we have another toast, this time with our shots which are downed quickly.
My buzz is starting to come back and I decide to be a little bit forward and ask the groom to be, to dance. Everyone is Oooohing and Aaaaahing but Jack just smiles and accepts my hand. We head to the dance floor and as I look back over my shoulder, everyone is following in our footsteps.
We start dancing and the music is just so loud you can barely hear so we don't really even try to talk at first. After two songs I am ready to go back to the table but for the first time all night, the DJ throws on a slow song and I am pulled back onto the dance floor.
Now we can actually talk. Jack is every bit the gentleman and we slow dance close, but not too close. He is getting married in three weeks. This is his second marriage. I tell him that I am happily married and that my husband is out of town so the me and girls are painting the town red.
After the song ends, we go back to our table and I go back to talking with the girls, checking out the other people and just having a good time. About a half hour later and after my third martini, and another shot sent from our friends at the other table, I am feeling pretty drunk. I really want to go outside and get a little fresh air but the DJ throws out another slow number and this time, Jack is back and inviting me onto the dancefloor again.
This time, he holds me a little tighter and I catch him staring at my boobs. I hold my finger under his chin and lift until our eyes meet and he starts to laugh.
"Okay, you caught me but you really can't blame me can you?"
"I guess not; they are magnificent aren't they."
Jack looks up at me and I crack up laughing. He then starts to laugh as well.
"Magnificent is too mild for what you have," Jack says as he sweeps me toward the corner of the dance floor where it is a little darker and away from my friends.
This time, he is not quite the gentleman he was last time. I can feel his hand sliding down my side and then onto my ass. He holds it there for just a moment before giving it a squeeze.
"Mmmmmm, I think somebody is getting fresh," I say but, I don't pull away or move his hand.
Once he realized that I'm not going to push him away, he gets even bolder, pulling me closer. Close enough that I could feel his hard cock pressing against my belly. His hand moves from my ass back up my side and presses against my breast, just as the song ends.
"I need to get some fresh air," I whisper as I pull away from him.
"Mind if I join you?" he asks.
"I was hoping you would."
There is a patio on the side of the club where they set up tables in the summer. The doors are open but there are no tables set up outside yet. We walk out onto the deck and look out onto the side-street. It is semi-dark, lit only by the streetlight on the corner.
I lean against the low wall, expecting him to stand next to me but instead he stands behind me and wraps his arms around me. I can feel his still-hard cock pressing into the crack of my ass. His hands start to move up my sides and I can tell he is heading for my tits.
I quickly turn around and at first, I am a little shocked by how close he is but get my hands up onto his chest. I don't push him way but it stops his advance for a moment.
"Is this how an about-to-be married man should be acting three weeks before his wedding?"
"I can't help it. You are the sexiest woman here tonight and I just want to touch you all over."
"Well, thank you for the compliment and I find you very attractive too but I am here with my girlfriends and I really should get back to them."
"Just stay here with me for a few minutes," and then he kissed me. Not a forceful kiss but he is a good kisser."
"Ohhhh, that was nice but..." and then he kissed me again.
That one did it. I kissed him back and when I did, I felt his tongue slide between my lips where it met mine. God, he is a good kisser. His hands are moving again and this time they are cupping my breasts, pushing them together as he kisses down my neck and onto the tops of my tits. It feels incredible.
Now he has one hand sliding inside my dress and onto my bare breast and hard nipple. Once pinch and I am putty in his hands. "Mmmmmmmm," comes out of my mouth.
"You like that don't you," he says as a statement, not a question.
"Yes," I hear myself say as he pinches harder.
He is really pushing his hard cock into my crotch now and I can feel myself getting wet. He takes his other hand and reaches the hem of my skirt, pulling it up and sliding his hand toward my pussy.
At the same time that he feels my bare pussy, I kiss him and moan into his mouth. I reach down and wrap my hand around his hard cock outside of his pants. He is really hard and I move my hand up and down the length of his cock and over his balls.
He has one finger inside my pussy and I spread my legs a little further so he can have more room. He is slowly swirling his finger inside my wet pussy. I am embarrassed at how wet I am as he easily slides a second finger inside me. I can hear little squishing sounds as he finger-fucks me.
I can't take much more and I open his fly and maneuver his hard cock out of his pants. I really want him to just turn me around and fuck me up against the wall but I can't do that. I promised John.
I stroke his cock with my hand as he continues to finger me. I can tell he is getting close and so am I. He is really squeezing my tit now and it is almost completely out of my dress. He grabs the nipple and pulls and twists it hard and I start to cum. God, I am so easy. He must feel my pussy convulsing around his fingers because he almost comes to a complete stop.
As my orgasm slowly fades, I go back to stroking his cock in earnest. He is so hard and I can feel the blood pulsing through his thick shaft.
"Did you feel me cum?" I ask. "Could you feel my pussy cum on your fingers? It felt so good. Now I want to make you cum. Would you like that?"
"Yessss."
"I want you to think about what it would be like to fuck my big titties. I'll bet you would like that wouldn't you?"
"Hell, yes."
"I would wrap your cock up in my titties and fuck you good. Every time you push your cock up between my tits, I would lick your cock like a lollypop and get your big cock all nice and wet so you slide in between my big tits, nice and easy."
"Do you know what made me cum?"
"What?"
"It was when you pulled and twisted my nipple. I love to have my nipples pulled and twisted and sucked and I like it when a man bites down on them. I can cum from just feeling that."
Now I am really pumping his cock and I can tell he is close. "I'll bet you would like to cum on my big tits wouldn't you. If you shot your cum all over my tits, I would rub it all over my big, hard nipples. I love to feel a man's cum on my nipples. I would let you watch while I lick it off. Would you like to watch me lick your cum off my nipples?"
That did it. I did my best to keep his cum from hitting my dress by pointing his cock toward the wall. I could see 4 or 5 ropes of cum running down the wall in the dim light. What little bit got on my hand and fingers, I made sure he watched as I licked off every bit of it.
"You are fucking incredible."
"Incredible or not, we should get back to our friends."
"Okay, but can we continue this later?"
"Oh sweetie, I would love to but I need to stick with my girlfriends tonight."
"Can I at least get your number and call you sometime?"
"I don't think my husband would like that but I really liked making you cum. Your bride-to-be is very lucky."
He pulls a business card from his pocket and hands it to me. "In case you change your mind." He looks a little sad as he walks away but I know he will get over it. I stay behind a few minutes before walking back in.
"Where did you go?" Asked Lisa when I got back to the table.
"I just needed some fresh air, I went out on the patio, over there." Pointing to where I had come back in.
"I was starting to get a little worried."
"I'm fine Mom," I snickered.
"Stop it. I'm not fine, I'm fucking wasted," said Lisa. "Are you about ready to go home?"
I look at my watch and see that it is almost 2:00am. "Yes, I'm ready. They are going to close soon anyway."
When our car arrives, Lisa, Tammy and I get in the back, with me in the middle. Diane gets in the front seat next to the driver. Penny's husband picked her up about 10 minutes before we left. I don't think she was feeling too good and called him, asking him to come and get her.
We were pretty lively for the first few minutes, recounting the events of the evening but I could tell that Lisa was starting to fade quickly once we got on the highway.
Soon her head was on my shoulder and she was leaning into me pretty heavily. Diane's head was slumped to the side up front but I was still wide awake. A moment later, Tammy, who has been pretty quiet, reaches up and puts her hand right on my boob, kind of like she is hugging me but instead of pulling me close, she just lays her hand there.
I can tell she isn't asleep but she doesn't appear to be totally awake either. I think she is just drunk and don't think much of it until she lifts her head and very lightly kisses my neck. She does it again and this time I feel her hand squeeze my boob. I'[m not really sure what to do.
As I said before, Tammy was the first woman that I really had lesbian sex with. She is a beautiful blonde with a fantastic, athletic, toned body. We have discussed getting together without the guys after that one night but just haven't had a chance to do it yet.
More kisses, this time harder on my neck and upper chest. Then she slides her hand under my dress and onto my bare boob. She doesn't do anything except let it sit there for another minute. Her hand moves down and I can feel her fingers slide over my nipple. She traps it between two fingers and starts to roll it gently between them.
I start to say something but she lifts her head and kisses me square on the lips. She starts rubbing my nipple more forcefully, rubbing it around with her finger and then tugging on it. I glance up and see the Uber driver looking in the rearview mirror. He sees me and turns away.
I look to the other side of me to make sure that Lisa isn't seeing this. She is out cold.
Tammy is now rubbing my tit and really giving my nipple a work-out when she puts her lips next to my ear and whispers, "Have you thought about the last time we were together?"
"Yes," I whisper.
"I have too." And then she sinks back down to my shoulder. "I was just wondering if you have been thinking about it."
We are still about 10 minutes from home and she is still playing with my nipple when I feel her other hand, the one closest to me slide onto my thigh.
I feel weird about this because we haven't really even talked about that night, but it feels good. I know I have thought about it, sex with a her again, more so since being with Analyse. She is moving her hand up my dress and it is only going to be a second before she is touching my bare pussy.
I want to say something but all that comes out is, "Mmmm, what...? That is all I got out before her fingers slide across my pussy. I know I am still wet from my orgasm with Jack and I know Tammy can now feel it.
"Open your legs," she whispers and at the same time tugs hard on my nipple.
I'm not expecting that. I feel my legs stiffen at first and then slowly open wide for her groping fingers. She doesn't waste any time and slides her fingers from the bottom of my slit to the top and right onto my clit.
"Ooooh, you like that don't you?"
"Yeeessss."
"I have wanted to do this for so long. You are so beautiful and sexy."
"I...I wanted to call you but..."
"I haven't been with another woman since that night. I just didn't know how you would feel about it."
Just then she slides two fingers in my dripping pussy and my reaction is to push against them to drive them deeper inside. I guess that is her answer. She knows I'm a slut and that I am going to let her do whatever else she wants me to do.
I let her finger me the rest of the way home. I know the driver can smell my sex, even if he can't see where her hand is. I know he keeps checking in the rear view mirror to see Tammy playing with my tits. I cum just as we are pulling up in front of Lisa's house.
I see Tammy staring at me and then licking her fingers before she opens the door to get out. When she opens the door, the light wakes up Lisa and Dianne and we all stumble out of the car and into the house.
Tammy helps Diane, and I help guide Lisa into the house.
The guys are still there, watching a movie now. I smell pop-corn and beer. The see us almost carrying the girls like wounded soldiers and jump up to help us.
Avery takes Lisa and just picks her up and carries her to the bedroom. James helps get Diane into one of the chairs. She seems to be completely passed out now.
"Well, I guess for tonight, sex is out of the question," James says jokingly.
I give him the sad puppy-dog look. "Why don't you just put her in the guest room? You can't carry her all the way to your house tonight. I will come and check on her in the morning."
Just then Avery came back into the room. "Lisa is out cold," he says.
"Diane too. Is it okay if I just put her in the guest room for tonight?" James asks.
Avery looks at Diane and says, "Sure, I'll help you get her in there."
Tammy is whispering something to Chris but I can't hear what it is.
Then Tammy says to me, "Why don't we all go over to your house and have a night-cap?"
I look at her because I know what she is thinking. She wants a repeat of the third poker night where she and I basically had an orgy with James, Avery and Chris as well as my husband.
I can still feel my pussy juices on my thighs from Tammy making me cum on the way home and just looking at Avery's cock already visible, getting hard down his pants leg is making me horny again. I can feel myself getting a second wind.
"Sure, are you guys coming?" I ask Avery and James.
"Ahhhh, yeah. I'm in," says James.
"Me too," says Avery.
"Okay then, let's go!"
We all head toward the front door. Tammy and I are both carrying our shoes and the guys are grabbing beers as we go next door.
"My feet and legs are tired. How about we all just hop in the Jacuzzi?" I ask to no one in particular.
Everyone is shaking their head yes and I tell everyone to just leave their clothes in the kitchen. It's kind of a funny scene; all of us casually undressing and walking naked onto our patio and to the Jacuzzi. The Jacuzzi is plenty big enough for all of us. Tammy sits across from me and then Chris and James sit on either side of her and Avery sits next to me.
"Do you know what your wife did to me on the way home?" I ask Chris.
"I don't know, maybe you should show me."
"That's a great idea!"
I motion for Tammy to come over to me and slide over so that she is between me and Avery. I start to kiss her which of course is what they all want to see. She is more than willing and we are really getting into it when I reach up and start to play with her boobs, softly squeezing them and sliding my fingers over her hardening nipples. I focus in on her left nipple and start to roll it between my fingers. I can feel it getting fully hard at my touch.
I then start to suck on her other nipple. Everything is just above the waterline and all of the guys are watching intently as Tammy starts to moan as I suck harder on her stiff nub. I stop for just a second and whisper into Tammy's ear, telling her to sit up on the ledge so that I can play with her pussy and the guys can watch.
She is more than obliging and sits on the edge and spreads her legs wide for me. I continue to kiss her and then suck on one nipple and then the other while I slide my hand across her belly and toward her pussy. As I get closer, I can feel her start to breathe heavier.
When I finally slide my fingers over her swollen pussy lips, she moans again and I can feel her pushing against my fingers, inviting them to do more. I slide one and then two fingers inside her. It isn't the water that has her so wet. I can feel her slick pussy juices on my fingers making it easy to slide in and out of her.
I am sucking harder on her nipples now, sucking them in, stretching them out and then letting go. She moans louder every time I do it. I bite down softly at first and then harder and her eyes roll backward into her head. I can tell she is getting close.
I am chewing on her swollen nipples now, timing my soft biting with sliding my fingers into her wet cunt. I can feel that she can take more so I add a third finger and then a fourth. She is ready to go over the edge and as I bite down hard on her nipple and shove all four fingers all the way in her sloppy cunt, she starts to convulse and shiver uncontrollably as the first wave of her orgasm rips through her.
I can feel the walls of her pussy grasping at my fingers, still lodged deep inside her. I cover her lips with mine and kiss her deeply and she kisses me back, our tongues swirling around each other.
I slowly pull my fingers from her now soaked cunt and a long string of her juices stays attached as I lift then toward her mouth. She takes two of my fingers inside her lips, tasting her juices and I take the other two.
Looking over at Avery and then Chris and James, I see they are all hard and Chris and James are both slowly stroking their thick, hard cocks under the water.
I tell Tammy to move so that she is on the other side of Avery and we both lift Avery up so that he is sitting on the edge. His huge cock is bobbing around like it is looking for a hole to dive into.
Tammy and I position ourselves so that we are kneeling on the bench of the Jacuzzi, facing Avery and with our backs toward James and Chris. That puts our pussies and asses right at the water level when we bend down and both start to lick Avery's huge cock. Bending over leaves our asses pointed straight at the other two guys.
Without hesitation, James moves behind Tammy and Chris moves behind me while Tammy and I continue to lick and take turns sucking on Avery's cock and balls. Tammy seems to like taking Avery's egg size balls, one at a time, into her mouth and gently sucking and licking them. Meanwhile, I am working his big cock-head into the back of my throat.
I feel Chris' hard cock poke at the entrance of my pussy and I spread my legs a bit wider to accommodate his swollen cock. With one push, he sinks his 7" cock all the way into my hot box. I almost choke on Avery' cock when he does it but quickly recover. Chris' cock while not nearly as long as Avery, is very thick and the veins are very prominent. I can feel them brush across my clit as he slowly starts fucking me.
I come up for air, removing the giant cock from my mouth and look over to see that James is pounding away at Tammy's pussy for all he is worth. While I am taking a break, Tammy takes as much of Avery's cock into her mouth as she can. She is grunting every time James slams into the back of her, pushing Avery's cock deeper into her throat.
Now Chris is starting to speed up. I know he can fuck for a long time but I think that watching me finger his wife and now watching both of us as we take turns sucking Avery has him close to cumming.
James cums first, followed by Chris a minute later. I think that Tammy also came and I am very close.
After Chris and James pull out, Avery motions that he wants to fuck, and I want him to fuck me. I am super turned on in anticipation of Avery's huge cock fucking me but also knowing that Tammy, Chris and James will all be watching.
Avery moves behind me and at the same time he shoves his amazing cock into my waiting cunt, he smacks my ass hard. I feel the sting on my ass at just about the same time as Avery hits bottom. The exquisite mix of pain and pleasure sends me into a frenzy and I start humping against the giant cock wedged inside me.
After what seems like only a minute or two I am so close to cumming I don't know if I can hold back any longer. Avery is speeding up, fucking me hard and fast, hitting bottom and going beyond almost every stroke.
Another hard slap on my ass and I go over the edge big time. I am cumming and shaking uncontrollably. I barely feel Avery's cock explode inside me, painting the inside of my slutty cunt with his cum.
By the time that Avery and I recover, Tammy is already sucking on James' hardening cock and Chris is behind her with two fingers on one hand in her pussy and two fingers of his other hand deep in her ass.
James is recovering quickly and I can see that he has his hand on the back of Tammy's head as he slowly fucks her mouth. Chris is getting hard again as well and I reach over to softly stroke his hardening cock.
James suddenly pulls out of her mouth and starts giving directions. He lays a towel down at the edge of the Jacuzzi and tells Tammy to get on all fours. He tells me to sit on the seat of the Jacuzzi between her legs, so that when I am sitting on the bench in the water with my head back, I am looking up at her pussy.
Meanwhile, Chris is straddling me and is working his hard cock into Tammy's tight asshole while James positions himself back in front of Tammy and starts fucking her mouth. Tammy can't use her hands or she will likely fall forward as her husband starts fucking her ass.
"Mmmfff, mmmffff, mmmfff," is all she can say as she is pounded from the front and the back and while I lick her pussy and clit.
Her juices are running out of her pussy and down onto my chin as I try to catch as much as I can. I reach up behind my head and find her nice firm titties hanging down and roughly fondle each. With my tongue fucking her pussy and taunting her clit, her ass and mouth full of cock and her tits being played with, I know she is not going to last long.
Within minutes, she is cumming in buckets. I can't even begin to catch it all as it runs down my chin and onto my neck and chest. I can't see James but I can tell that Chris is close as his balls lift right before I see him bury his cock deep in his wife's ass and shoot what looks like 5 or 6 shots of cum deep inside her.
As soon as he pulls out, James comes around behind her and takes his place. He first pushes his cock into her pussy to cover it with her juices. I take advantage of it and lick his cock as he slowly slides in and out of her. My tongue is tickling the underside of his cock as he pulls out and then slowly pushes into Tammy's ass.
I start licking Tammy's clit again and put two and then three fingers inside her still quivering pussy, maneuvering to find the little rough patch that is her g-spot. I can feel James' cock sliding in and out of her through the thin membrane separating her pussy and ass.
Avery quickly moves in front of her, offering his now hard cock to her waiting mouth. He knows that if he is too forceful with his big cock, she will start to gag and choke so he lets her take what she can into her mouth.
James reaches down behind his legs as he fucks Tammy's ass and grabs one of my nipples with his fingers. He is pulling on it, stretching it in time with each stroke.
I now have one hand finger fucking Tammy and the other hand between my legs rubbing my clit madly. Chris is lying next to Tammy and roughly kneading her tits and pulling on her nipples.
This is such a crazy scene. Suddenly, Tammy pulls away from Avery's cock and screams as she starts to cum again. This time, her whole body is shaking. Her legs look like they are going to collapse and I slide out from under her. Her scream was plenty loud enough to wake the neighbors. I just hope that Lisa or Diane don't come running over to see what is going on.
James must have felt her cumming and he is now coming in her ass. I think he is the only thing holding her up at this point. Avery is stroking his cock with his hand and suddenly shoots his cum all over Tammy's face and hair.
I have one last orgasm on my fingers as this final scene unfolds. I have no idea how I am going to be able to describe this to my husband when he calls tomorrow.
It is almost 4:00am and we are all pretty tired. Everyone showers off in the outdoor shower, towels off and finds their clothes. James and Avery walk home. Chris helps Tammy into their car and they too head home.
I drink as much water as I can so that I won't have as bad a hangover tomorrow and crawl into my bed for a well-deserved rest. I try to recount the activities of the night as I drift off to sleep. I will try to call John first thing if I wake up in time and it's not too late for him in Kuala Lumpur.