March 4th.
Barry spent a few days sulking about what happened. I remember his first words about it. He said it took longer than it should have done. He fixed me with an accusing gaze, until I stormed out of the room.
Gloria noted the frostiness between Barry and me the next day. She has a habit of not letting things drop, until a person gets so infuriated with her it would all come out in an angry rage, but dear diary, I have managed to hold my tongue.
Still today's events have glossed over my home life. Mr Taylor took me from behind. He was slow and did it with care and loving, as I held on to the dresser in his room. That night he still wanted more, he does say that he cannot help himself when I am around. I was called away while we were preparing ourselves. I left him on the bed, and the cheeky devil put my panties over his face, and said he would wait for my return.
As I went back to him I saw Ms Appleby opening his bedroom door. I hurried on, and there she was staring at Frank, as he lay on his bed naked, with my panties on his eyes!
I thought quickly because I could see Frank was smiling still. I grabbed Ms Appleby and pulled her out of the room. I told her we should not embarrass Mr Taylor. Then it hit me hard, was she going to sack me? I confessed to having sexual intercourse with him on other occasions. I begged her not to say anything. In response to one of her many questions, I even told her I loved him.
March 7th.
Ms Appleby has not told anyone about Frank Taylor and me I am sure of it, and thank God, she hasn't sacked me. But even so today I write with tears ruining the ink in your pages. Mr Cox left not 20 minutes ago, after spending an hour with me up the stairs on my bed again. I am getting ahead of myself dear diary, so I will start from the beginning.
I took Mr Cox, the snake, to the kitchen and gave him the rent. He had me explain why the arrears were not forthcoming. I reminded him that I had paid the arrears. He smirked and said he could get a whore to do what I had done for less money. I ended up in my bedroom without a stitch of clothing on, while he surveyed me like a family joint of meat!
He had me walk up to him. I pulled away as his finger found my pussy. He made me reproach, so he could spend some minutes groping me between my legs, while I shook and twitched under his touch. He had me undo his trousers like a woman desperate for sex, and had me straddle his erection. I was impaled for some time, bouncing up and down, and getting more frantic and desperate for him to come, and get this nightmare over with. His cock is big, and it hurts until I am wet, and I do get wet, much to my shame.
I reminded him several times that he should tell me when he is ready. This time he didn't, he reached up grabbing both my shoulders, and held me impaled on his cock as it burst.
I fled to the bathroom and washed myself. He pushed the door open and said that's another £5 off the arrears. I hurried after him down the stairs, and still naked as I was in such fury. He spun round and grabbed my wrist and dragged me out of my front door, and in to the street! The men were again in their lorry, and looked very shock at first. The fat driver rolled down his window and called out, was there a party going on, in which they could join?
Again as I write this my tears are not just for what happened to me, but because again I found it exciting to be seen naked. I do not know why, I get in such a state. Having those men leer at my naked body, and in broad daylight, cannot be right.
I am going to stop writing now, because my last few words could well be added to. I will say I'm still naked as I write this, and I feel I should seek help for these feelings from my doctor. The one blessing is, due to the pain killers, my husband had slept through it all.
March 14th.
Yesterday I was raped by Mr Sibley. Dear diary, details of such a vile act is not being included in your pages. Only to say he did not come in my unprotected pussy. I got on the chair, and felt his hand on my foot, and then my ankle. I looked round and Sandra was gone. I later found out she had heard a buzzer, which I did not, and she left.
Neither are most of the details of Mr Cox, again having sex with me on your white pages, and not once, but twice more.
I will say the second time has caused me even more concern. He took me from behind in my bedroom window, curtains pulled wide open, while the men in the lorry looked on from start to finish. These next words have taken me an age to write, but I came hard on Mr Cox's cock whilst being watched, something which he noticed much to my everlasting shame. Dear diary, I have decided I'm going to burn you, until all your pages are black and not one dot can be read.
March 29th.
I did not burn you dear diary, although I have neglected you. Sandra hasn't been back to work since the night I was taken by Mr Sibley. I've heard people surmising that she has come into to some money, or better well paid job. She had always told me I could work for her if I put my mind to it, but she never said what I'd be doing, just that one day she would offer me a job where I would make lots of money. Sandra never said goodbye, and Ms Appleby has suggested she was two faced, and for me not to bother trying to contact her.
A few days ago I arrived home to find my husband and Mr Cox deep in conversation. Mr Cox gave me such a stare that I withered on the spot. Then I found out what Mr Cox and my husband had planned between them!
The next day Mr Cox turned up to take me on holiday, or rather a dirty weekend. I was furious with my husband for agreeing to this, but in a perverted way it is does make sense. One last time with Mr Cox and the arrears will be paid. I did insist on the whole of April's rent being included too, before I agreed to such vile offer.
Although I love my husband, I wanted him to be jealous, so I dressed in one of my shortest mini dresses. I wanted my husband to tell me not to go with Mr Cox.
My dress was in dark blue from just under my breast to the hem. Above that it was white, with little dark blue flowers on. The white sleeves have a ring of blue flowers round each of the cuffs on my wrists. I wore a lavender coloured bra, and yellow panties under American tan tights. My shoes were tan coloured, and with a T bar, and 3 inch heels. My make up was heavier than normal, and I tied my long black hair up in a see through navy blue nylon scarf.
As I finished with my makeup I heard a knock on the door. I wanted a lightning strike to hit Mr Cox, because when he saw me dressed as I was, I was sure his face would light up, and it did.
He complimented me and couldn't take his eyes off me for a while. It was then that I didn't want to see my husband; I didn't want him seeing me like this. Mr Cox took me by the hand, and pulled me into the small room where my husband lay on his bed.
Barry's eyes just stared at me, he has seen me in mini skirts and mini dresses before. He likes the way his friends look at me, and their cheeky comments to me about wishing they were in Barry's shoes. Most of them are saying it in fun, but a couple of them have touched me in the past, and suggested I meet with them, alone. I did tell Barry once that one of his friends pinched my backside, but he said I should be more concerned if they didn't.
Barry's eyes were accusing, and Mr Cox could see it too. He slipped his hand out of mine and I felt it on my backside. He was making a dirty giggling sound, as he ran his hand over the back of my thighs. Dear diary, he did not even try to hide what he was doing in front of my husband. He reminded Barry with such glee, I was doing this for the rent, and he was happy I had made a special effort to please him with my choice of clothing. My skin was crawling when he said those words.
Even with his legs and an arm in plaster, Barry looked like he could kill Mr Cox, but a whisky bottle thrown on the bed gained his attention. Barry snarled at us to get out. All would have been forgiven if my husband had told me to get changed and I was not to go with Mr Cox, but he never uttered one single word.
I walked down the road on Mr Cox's arm, shuddering at the thought of people seeing us together. A glint caught my eye and there on my finger shone my wedding and engagement rings! I wanted to take them off, but as soon as Mr Cox saw what I was up to, he stopped me.
People passed us, luckily no one I knew, but they stared as anyone would, at seeing a young woman with her arm through a man of his age. My legs attracted a lot of attention as they do, but for once in my life I wished they did not.
Mr Cox positively beamed with delight as we passed people who looked in our direction. He savoured everything about us being arm in arm that I hated. I wished people thought we were father and daughter rather than, oh my God, husband and wife, as no doubt Mr Cox fantasised!
We stopped at the railway station, and he made a big show of telling the man in the ticket office, and a round a dozen people in the waiting round, he was taking his wife to Blackpool for a short break. Luckily the train came in to station before I had to endure more humiliation, or so I hoped.
We travelled first class, in a compartment with three office type gentlemen. I sat next to Mr Cox as he smiled across at the three men reading their newspapers. I do not think it was lost on him that the men were taking little glances at my crossed legs. Mr Cox put his hand high on my thigh. I shuddered under his touch. I wanted to move his hand, but as the train rocked, I saw a couple of eyes looking at me from the seat opposite, and I let Mr Cox carry on.
Mr Cox enquired to one of the men about an advert on the page of his newspaper, for the next James Bond film. They got into conversation about the new James Bond, and would he be as good as Sean Connery. He told him how his wife wanted to be a Bond girl! The man looked at me and said, "Well she certainly has the legs for it."
The next thing I knew was I standing up and turning around, so all three men could appraise my body.
I sat back down and watched their eyes looking me over. I knew the man directly opposite me had a slight erection. I did not cross my legs; I let him ogle me for the rest of the journey.
I sat quietly as Mr Cox held their interest by telling them all fantasies of our life together. Now and then when Mr Cox told them something with a sexual content, the three men looked at me directly. He held there attention by telling them I was always ready for sex, and how it was not just straight fucking that got me off. Mr Cox had no scruples about telling them, I was keen for most forms of sex and not just straight sex. I sat there much to my shame, red faced, but hoping the journey would never end and he would divulge more indecent acts of a sexual nature.
He turned to me, and there in such a public place, he kissed me full on the lips. To my shame I did not struggle, I looked at the three gentlemen in turn in our carriage, as Mr Cox's tongue explored my mouth. All three were spellbound with lust on their faces. Mr Cox at the same time as kissing me, pulled my dress up, making sure my panties were in plain sight. He sat back round grinning at the men, and kept his fist holding my dress up for the next few minutes. One man shot out of our compartment, and I noted he had an erection, and a wet spot seeping through his trousers, which matched the wet spot in my panties.
I'll never forget their greedy eyes, taking in my panties and the seam of my tights running over the top. One man even dropped his pen whilst pretending to do his crossword. I felt a trembling, sweaty hand groping around my foot and shoe, while his red face looked up between my legs.
We left the train and went to a hotel. Again I was on Mr Cox's arm, and paraded around as his wife. If there was anyone to tell I was his wife to, he would. That night he used my nylon scarf to tie my hands behind my back, and had anal sex with me. All I can say is it hurt. While I lay under him, he whispered that I had been a good wife to allow him to show my panties to the men on the train, and to let him tell the men the stories he had. He said quite casually that if they had asked, he would have had me go with them, and right there in the train carriage!
I wish I could say the weekend passed in a blur, but I remember every minute of the sex we had. I rarely spoke to him, which he didn't seem to mind. I answered his questions with a minimum of words. I never had an orgasm apart from the morning of the last day.
We were on the third floor with a balcony. Mr Cox sat in a chair with the glass doors to the balcony wide open. He had me stand next to him totally naked, and he then fingered my pussy. I came much to my shame watching a couple in the room of another hotel opposite looking on. I cast my eyes further along, and in the very next room there was a man watching and pulling his cock. After my orgasm I collapsed to the floor, with the eyes of the three people who watched, firmly embedded in my memory.
Mr Cox looked down on me with a grin. He told me I was an exhibitionist and he had noted that fact a few times.
I'm plunging my vibrator in and out my soaked pussy. Imagining going through what my grandmother had. I wish there was more detail and about every fuck, but she writes with a certain reluctance to tell the whole story. I know she was ashamed of admitting to liking it all, but then again I know they married, and maybe there was a willingness to be his sex slave, which I found with Geoffrey Baker after a while.
I shudder and push the vibrator faster, while tickling my clit with my other hand. My stomach dances and I gush. I lay there for sometime imagining myself on that very same balcony with my husband to be, William Lovett.
I turn the pages to Pauline's next entry
April 2nd.
I have been home a few days and my husband is a little more talkative than when I first arrived back. I'm hoping things will settle down and we can move on. The rent tin has enough rent to pay for the first week in May now, and I am going to keep it that way.
April 5th.
Last night Mr Taylor said he liked my little orange panties. I smiled at him and told him he was kinky. He asked if I minded, I said no.
Ms Appleby has kept me busy so I did not have much time with Mr Taylor, but I did have the chance to suck his cock. It surprised him, but he enjoyed it.
April 11th.
Mr Taylor is dead. He had a heart attack two days ago. Ms Appleby found him with my orange panties which I had given him. The police took my panties and I had to make a statement saying they were mine, and we were having an affair. They told me not to worry, as they did not suspect foul play, and it could be kept from my husband, unless after his autopsy, they found something else.
I was called away that night by Ms Appleby, to help with another resident. I kissed Frank and told him I would come back and finish off jerking his cock into my panties. He must have got fed up of waiting, and did it himself, causing the heart attack.
I have been in bits since it happened, and my husband said I should not get so attached to the residents, as they would all go the same way in the end.
Barry keeps on about the American's going to the moon, and if I don't cheer up I should go with them. If he found out about Mr Taylor and me, I am sure he would throw me out.
April 29th.
I went to Mr Taylor's funeral yesterday. Both his sisters were eyeing me with suspicion. His death was accidental, but the way I was being looked at was as if I caused it.
After the funeral the older sister came up to me, and she pulled me round the back of the church. She told me I was getting nothing. I did not know what she was on about. She slapped my face and I fell to the ground. She said I was working class, and had no right to her father's money. She put her foot on my hand and pressed down. She told me I would always be working class, and while you can take the girl out of the working classes, you can't take the working class out of the girl. She then pressed her foot on the back of my head forcing my face down into the mud. I think it was her sister and her sister's husband who pulled her off, or I really think I would have suffocated. Her last words to me were, "You'll have a nasty surprise waiting for you when you get home."
When I did get home my husband and Gloria had the look of hangmen on their faces. I was told a man had come round and told them I was having an affair with Mr Taylor at the home, and Mr Taylor was found with my panties around his cock, and the two sisters would contest the will.
That night I sat there and explained to my husband as much as I dared, even that was too much. He said he is going to start divorce proceedings, well he did not say it like that dear diary. I am sure you can imagine the unsavoury words he used. This morning the postman came with a letter for me. It was very official and when I opened it I fell back on the stairs. Mr Taylor had left me 190 thousand pounds, 9 shillings, and 6 pence.
I took the letter to my husband and he was as stunned as I was. He said I would be rich, and have the chance to start a new life. He handed me the letter back. I do not really want the money, I would rather Frank was still here, but Mr Taylor was giving me a chance at a new life. I took a deep breath and told my husband the money was for us, and if he did not divorce me we could be happy again, I was sure of it, and neither of us would have to work again, as it was enough for the two of us to live on for the rest of our lives.
May 4th.
I received another letter yesterday from the Taylor's, saying they were going to contest the will.
I showed the letter to my husband and he made a phone call to someone. When he hung up he told me I would still get the money, and not to worry.
Mr Cox turned up for the rent and I paid him in full. He went to touch my backside but I pushed his hand away, and then he left in a huff.
May 11th.
I have seen a solicitor, and told him the facts. He seems young but has filled me with hope. I have made another appointment to see him.
My half sister Gloria has asked if I would look after her and our parents when I get the money. I told her of course I would. She hugged me and we seem to be closer now more than ever before, apart from when she was young. Obviously I know the reason, but I might well have done the same if I was in her shoes. She even said "our parents," and she has always called her father my stepfather. It makes me smile that money can change a person so much.
May 15th.
Mr Spratt the young solicitor has told me to send any correspondence about the court case to him. Admitting to my affair with Mr Taylor and a few of the details, embarrassed him, but he has said I made Frank happy and that would account for a lot. He has said he is going to hire a private detective to gather information. It all sounds a little over my head, but he assures me it is the normal way of such things.
May 17th.
Something came over me yesterday. I removed some of the money from the rent tin, and I went and told my husband we were short. He thought for a moment but before he could say anything, I told him Mr Cox might expect sex. I mentioned that when we had the money I would never have to do this again, and only if he said yes, I would go to bed with Mr Cox. Barry said he didn't like it, but it would be best to keep Mr Cox happy, just in case the Taylor's found out and used it against us.
Mr Cox was delighted the rent was £4 short. I got on my knees and begged him not to force me to go to bed with him. I even managed a tear. I allowed him to drag me up the stairs, while still trying to protest. He fucked me hard on the bed and managed to keep himself in me until he was hard again. As he fucked me a second time I realised he hadn't withdrawn again, and I was still not on the pill. I asked him to stop, which seemed to annoy him, and he pinned my arms to the bed and fucked me even harder.
As he dressed he said he was going to tell me earlier that he need £32 from us to pay for the windows to be repainted. I protested, but he was adamant if I read the small print, I would see any such thing was down to us as the tenants to pay for.
So it seems he already had a plan to get me back into bed.
Dear diary this whole thing with Mr Cox is a trifle unsettling. My own behaviour makes me wonder about myself, and that of my husband's is equally difficult to understand. I've used an excuse that I am still mourning Mr Taylor, and do not have complete control of my senses. I still cry for Frank Taylor, but I hope that what Mr Spratt said a few days ago was right, in that I made Frank Taylor happy.
May22nd.
Dear Diary, a letter from the court turned up yesterday, announcing the case would be heard in July. I passed it on to Mr Spratt this morning on my way to work. Briefly he told me things were going well, and his private detective had gathered a lot of useful information. I broke down and cried thinking of Frank, and how he would hate all this going on.
May 30th.
The ambulance turned up two days ago to take Barry to the hospital. The doctor had visited last week and told us the plasters on his legs could be reduced, and it would be beneficial for him to spend a few days in the hospital. Barry's last words to me were that Mr Cox would be here in the afternoon, and when we had the money, he and everyone else could go to hell.
Mr Cox did indeed turn up that same afternoon. I was already for him wearing a tiny red miniskirt, with tan tights, the gusset of which hung below the hem of my skirt. I did not bother with panties. I wore a white halter top, which tied up around the back of my neck, without a bra, and clearly underneath my top, could be seen my dark hard nipples.
Behind Mr Cox stood the lorry driver with the curly hair, and his mate the tall and very thin younger guy, with ginger hair, and a face so full of freckles it was hard to see any white skin. I wanted to die when I saw the others, but it was far too late to do anything. Mr Cox as usual had a mile wide dirty grin. He looked directly at my nipples and said, "Well it looks like your twins are pleased to see me."
The older driver chuckled and nudged his mate. As he walked past me carrying a step ladder, he pinched my ass. The ginger haired man just grinned at me, and came in carrying a tin of paint. By the time I had shut the door Mr Cox was sat on the sofa. His arms outstretched along the back, like he was getting comfortable. He told me the boys would be painting the windows, and then he asked for a brew first.
I made them tea and took it in. They were all sat down now, and watching me bend with the tea tray. Mr Cox pointed out my tights weren't hiding much, and the driver, ran his hand up the back of my leg. I pushed his hand away, but he chuckled and pulled me back. I ended up sat on him as he held me round my waist from behind. His other hand yanked my skirt right up. I struggled as he licked my ear. Holding me tightly from behind, he began chuckling as I fought to pull my skirt down. The gingered haired guy dropped to his knees right in front of me, and pressed his face in between my legs. He turned to Mr Cox and said, I had a nice nest, not too hairy, and trimmed to perfection. He buried his face back on my pussy and kissed and licked as the driver, who had got his hand in my top, tickled and circled my nipples.
Mr Cox just stared at me with a smile on his face. He sat relaxed back like it was some sort of show just for him. I felt my tights rip and the gingered haired man lapped at my pussy. The driver was now rolling and pinching my nipples hard, and chuckling in my ear. Mr Cox leant forward and picked up his cup of tea and began sipping it. He held his hand up with one finger raised, like he had remembered something. I watched him reach in the inside of his jacket pocket, and he dropped two condoms on the tray next to the tea.
I struggled harder at seeing the condoms, but the driver hissed at me that I was asking for it dressing worse than a hooker. They wrestled me to the ground and the ginger haired man fucked me first. He did not last long, and pulled out, and threw the condom across the floor. The lorry driver was next, and rolled me over and put me on all fours. My face was inches from Mr Cox's groin. I could see his hard on, straining in his trousers.
I felt my halter top go slack, and a hand pulled it off my breast. The lorry driver told the gingered haired man to grab a handful, as his girl friend didn't have half the tit I did.
I was fucked from behind, while the ginger haired man tormented my tits and nipples, and all under the gaze of the tea sipping, grinning Mr Cox. I felt a finger push in my bum hole, and the driver laughed and said," If your husband could see you know sweetheart."
Finally he lost control, and grabbed my hips and dug his fingers in, and pulled me back to him as quickly as he was pushing forward. My fingers twisted themselves in the legs of Mr Cox's trousers. I looked up at him with my mouth hung open panting heavily. Nearly 5 minutes of fast and furious fucking ended, when the driver held me hard on his cock as it pumped into me. Mr Cox just looked down on me as I looked up at him, like this was meant to be. The driver took the condom off and dropped it on the tray and sat back drinking his tea, laughing.
Mr Cox told them to leave and come back to do the painting tomorrow. I sat on the floor when they left, my tights ripped to shreds, and my clothes in complete disarray exposing my pussy and red mauled breasts. Mr Cox pulled the hair from my face and stood up. He looked down on me and asked me if I always made such a fuss when it was clear to everyone, I was enjoying the rough treatment.
I waited for him to take his turn, but he did not. He just grinned down, and pulled my face up so we looked each other in the eye. For a long minute he just stared into my eyes, and then he said, "Pauline, my dear, I'll be back for dinner tonight, and we'll spend the night together."
He came back that night and I cooked for him, and sat on his lap watching a movie, while he fingered me the whole of the way through it. He took me to my bedroom and fucked me, as I leaned against the window sill. The curtains were wide open, and the light blazed behind us. A man walking his dog witnessed this going on, not quite believing what he was seeing. A couple of lads, no doubt on their way back from a pub, stopped and watched, pointing and whistling as my tits bounced freely.
I will not tell you that I enjoyed all these things happening to me dear diary, but I will say the attention of Mr Cox, and his two men wasn't all bad. Mr Cox seems to have found out a weakness in me, something that is so wrong. Dear diary, I am sure there is something wrong with me in my head, because this just isn't right!
June 2nd.
I went to Mr Cox's yard yesterday. I told him of his men groping me. He asked if they had fucked me, I said no, he said that is good, because he had told them I was off limits for that now. He said he would be round for the rent in due course, and expected the money or sex, unless I wished to pay him now. While I hate the vile creature, for a moment I could not move, no that is not right dear diary, I did not want to move. A sound of someone coming in his warehouse brought me back to my senses, and I left before anything more to happen.
June 9th.
Dear diary, since the day I was taken by the lorry driver and the ginger haired man, and then waited for Mr Cox to make his move in his warehouse, I have seen the light. This can't go on. I have become a slave to this urge to been seen naked, and fucked by Mr Cox. This will not end well if I carry on. I am cursed with this feeling deep inside of me. I have to fight this and become a proper wife again, or I will have to end my marriage for my husband's sake, as much as my own.
Mr Cox has somehow brought these things out of me, I curse him for that and how he has been able to open me up to his perversions
Barry is constantly going on about the money now, and far from making us happy I wonder if it will do the opposite. Barry has big plans for the money, but it feels like his plans do not include me all of the time. Gloria has suggested buying a house for her by the sea. Barry has always wanted that, and I wonder if their plans are more aligned than mine.
June18th.
I have been to the doctor and told him of my unnatural urges to display myself to others, which I have managed to suppress successfully lately. The urges are still there, but I am in control. The doctor is old school, and he has put it down to a lack of a sex life with my husband. He said it will be better when my husband is able to fulfil his duties in bed. He asked me if I masturbated, and when I said yes, he suggested that was unhealthy, and not helping. He told me, I should wait for my husband, and I was not being fair on him, going behind his back. Whatever would the doctor say if I told him about Mr Cox?!
As I went to leave the doctor said he had seen me about the town, and wearing my short skirts was not helping. He suggested I should cover up more, and I should wear clothes more fitting for a wife. I told him it was fashion now, and he looked at me straight and said, "Mrs Stone, too many women go around half naked, and you are encouraging unnatural urges by doing the same."
June 23rd.
Jimmy Spratt came round today and said things were looking even better. His private detective had made significant progress, and had found out a few things which needed to be clarified, but he was confident it was all good. Barry was excited, and he sat there holding my hand. It felt like old times, and for once I felt like we were back in love. Perhaps my recent past and recent sexual desires are fading now, and maybe we will be alright.
Mr Cox has been round for the rent, and while it was short he left without any sex taking place. He still wants sex, but I have told him it was my time of the month. To be honest I cannot remember my last period. With all that is going on, and the things playing on my mind, perhaps I forgot about it.
June 24th.
Dear diary, I checked my calendar and I went back to the month of May, and found that I did not mark the day of my period for that month. I have forgotten to mark it in the past, so I am not too worried. I'm pretty sure my period will be soon, as I have had an upset stomach of late, and a tired feeling.
June 25th.
Mr Spratt has told me that Ms Taylor is insisting on a higher court to sort out the money. He says either way, he doesn't think it much of a problem. It is pencilled in for mid July. I told Barry and he says that sounds good and soon we will be rich. He seems happy these last few days, and thinks we need to buy our own house, and dear diary, I am daydreaming of that now too. I told him I would like him to buy a car when his legs are healed, and to get rid of his motor bike, we laughed when he said there was no reason we could not have both.
June 30th.
Yesterday Mr Spratt phoned me to say his detective had been in touch with Sandra Smith, and she was not pleased about it. It appears Sandra is a madam in some sort of brothel! She would not answer questions. Her parting shot was she would not speak up for me, as she would have to tell the court, I encouraged the men in the care home, and she would side with the Taylor's.
July 12th.
It has been a while, dear diary, since I last wrote in your pages. The court case will be soon, and then I can give up work. As Barry said it won't be long now before I can become the housewife he wants me to be. I told him we could start trying for a baby again soon. He wants to have a couple of children. A boy and a girl would be nice I think.
Mr Cox came round yesterday and my old feelings are back again. I have managed to avoid him, but as I reached for the rent tin, he whistled quietly. I put my hand in the tin and it was empty. The look on his face was one of shear joy, as I stood there worried. The money was in there I know it was, and I am sure Gloria has taken it. Mr Cox took me from behind and I was so very nearly sick bent right over. He had me there in the kitchen. It brought back those memories of the men watching, and I could not get them out of my mind.
There I was on the kitchen floor while he stood over me with his huge cock softening, and a dribble of his spunk on the tip. Barry called to me and I jumped up and straightened my clothing. Mr Cox grabbed my arm and whispered that he had looked through my rent book, and I was also a week behind. I told him Gloria had paid him last week, and he said she had not. He left, and once again, I am in debt.
July 13th.
I confronted Gloria today in the kitchen, she sneered at me and told me Barry had told her how I had kept up with the rent, and if I told mum she had stolen the rent money, she would tell everyone about Mr Cox and me, or as she said, Mr Cox and his fancy piece. She promised not to take the money again, but her parting shot was to tell me, she got sod all for looking after Barry, and without her I'd be in shit creek.
I could not argue with her, as the court is days away, and I really have enough on my plate.
Jimmy gave me a run down of what to expect in court earlier today. It all got rather much for me, and I had to run to the toilet and I was sick, with all the stress, I have felt a little tired and rundown lately. So I went to the doctor and he said I looked a little flushed. I blurted out that I had been left some money, and gradually I revealed about my fling with Mr Taylor. The doctor looked over his glasses at me, and shook his head in a judgemental fashion.
He took some blood and said the results would be sent to me in a few days. I nearly ran out of his surgery I was that happy to get away from his accusing stare, and his obvious disproval at my confession.
I guess I will not have much time to write in you dear diary. In fact I am considering burning you and 1968 again. Barry will have his plasters removed in August, and I cannot think of where to hide you, because if he finds out the things I have done, I fear he will divorce me.
August 11th.
Dear diary, once again I did not burn you or 1968. You have a new home now, and so much has happened in the last couple of weeks I don't know where to start. You will be very surprised to hear, or maybe not, I am carrying Mr Cox's baby! Believe me that is not the only shocking news. I have had my sex life, the good, the bad, and the ugly, on the front of newspapers, on the radio, and on the television.
I did not get the money, poor Frank Taylor left to me, but I did get thoroughly humiliated in court, even the judge propositioned me. Most of the court case was a blur, and I did not really understand a lot of what was going on. I am going to be Mrs Cox as soon as my divorce comes through. Due to some ancient law the judge has ordered me to marry Mr Cox. He has a very healthy bank account, but an unhealthy sex drive.
It was the night the judge tried to get me to sleep with him that I decided my own fate. I went into the toilet at the hotel, and there she stood, Ms Taylor. She stared at me, and a slippery grin crossed her lips. It was all I could do to stop myself from shuddering. She walked up to me and said, "Laying underneath the judge won't help you. I have money, and money talks. I own the jury and have done for several days. You'll leave this world as a penniless Harlot who cleans the shit off asses, and can only dream of the wealth I have. Even this hotel you are staying in belongs to me, it will give you a little taste of what you will never have," She smirked, and walked past me with her nose in the air.
Dear diary, I knew complaining and accusing her of bribery would not work, but I was not going to end up penniless.
I phoned Mr Cox from the hotel whilst keeping the judge waiting. Mr Cox was round in a flash; I had barely given the judge the brush off, when Albert Cox knocked on the door to my hotel room. I sat naked on a chair when he entered. His face beamed with a huge grin.
For a few minutes I told him what I wanted, I would not let him ask one question. His face turned to a frown, and then a smile so many times I lost count. Finally he asked why I would agree to marry him. I told him I would never agree to that, but if the judge made me do it, I would. He looked puzzled, but he understood.
Then the weirdness in me, the weirdness that wants me to exhibit myself took over. I hooked a leg over the arm of the chair, allowing my pussy to be gazed upon. I told him the most important thing now was for him to write a will, making me the sole beneficiary to his assets. He smiled and said then you will marry me. I again reinforced that it was the judge who he would have to convince, to force me into a marriage I did not want.
He grinned now fully understanding if he did have the smallest doubt. He hastily contacted his solicitor who came within the hour. A will was written and witnessed, as I sat in the chair with a hotel dressing gown covering my naked body. I read the will while Mr Cox sipped a whisky. That night I allowed him the use of my body. The very next day he took me shopping, like I was his doll to dress as he pleased.
I lost the money which Frank had left for me, and the rather annoyed judge told me I was to wed Mr Cox. Mr Cox whisked me away and we went to my old house for the last time, to complete part of the deal. He signed the house over to my husband, and gave him a cheque for £5000. I suppose you could say he bought me off my husband. I will never love Mr Cox and he is fully aware of that. But I will do his bidding.
November 17th.
Dear diary, I never thought I'd put ink to your pages again, but here I sit heavily pregnant and married to Mr Cox. The wedding happened yesterday, but going back to the 15th of this same month, I was indeed given to the judge. The night was long, and the judge was thoroughly spent by the time he had finished.
I waited for him, naked, and as soon as he saw me he could not get undressed quickly enough. The glee on his face as he fucked me has imprinted itself on my memory.
The morning of my wedding he told me that the service would be conducted in the same way as it had always been since 1698. I was taken to the court by the judge.
I wore a long white wedding dress, my huge belly clearly visible for all to see. People around the courthouse gazed at me like they would a freak in a freak show. I walked in a room and there stood Mr Cox, Mr Harrington-Brown, a vicar with a white mask over his face, which I later found out, was to conceal his identity, as was the custom back then for weddings of this type, and another man who I did not know.
The vicar seemed a little hesitant at first, but announced why we were all in the room. Then he started reading from an old book he had in his hands.
"Today we are gathered here to perform a wedding ceremony as order by the court. Mr Albert Cox will marry Pauline Sinclair. Doctor Bernard Freeman will examine Miss Sinclair to assure all present she is with child."
The judge nodded and walked behind my, pulling down the zip on my dress. He pulled it down to my ankles and the doctor came forward and got to his knees. He listened at my stomach and ran his hand over it. He turned to the vicar and nodded, and then said, "She is unquestionably pregnant vicar."
Why he had to be so thorough was beyond me, and for some reason my dress was to stay at my feet for the rest of this ancient ceremony.
The Vicar continued, "Let it be known on this day that the woman before me is not lying to the court, that she is indeed with child. Mr Albert Cox, do you take this woman and her unborn child into your care?"
Albert replied with a resounding, yes.
The vicar then turned to me, "Miss Sinclair, you will from this day forth, be known as Pauline Cox. You will serve your husband's needs, without objection, and comply with the order of this court, made on this day of the 16th of November 1969. The certificate of marriage in this case has already been signed and witnessed. No signatures are required from you the wife. The marriage certificate which is usually handed to the wife will be held by the husband, as in keeping with the tradition of this type of marriage. No divorce by the wife will be considered at any time in the future, as Mr Cox has been given legal and proper ownership of his wife, again as was the custom. I remind you Mrs Pauline Cox you are bound to this marriage until death. That is final ruling of the church, and this court."
I watched the vicar close the book and turn away. He walked through a door and out of sight, taking my freedom with him.
November 30th.
Mr Cox is my husband, I can say that legally, but it still chills me to the bone. It is a nightmare to be in this situation, but I have to make the best of it.
After our wedding, I say that still with disbelief, we were driven to a hotel for dinner. What transpired there after was like a living hell. I was still in my wedding gown and Mr Cox in his suit. We walked in the hotel restaurant, which was packed, and all eyes were upon us. There were murmurs of disgust by several, and a few parties got up left there and then. We sat at a table and were joined by the two men who work for my husband. They had done their best to look smart, although they failed. People watched us eat like we were some sort of freak show, from the last century, not that I had much of an appetite.
We were toasted by Dave the lorry driver with the black curly hair. He was so loud and the whole of the restaurant turned and looked. My husband grabbed my neck and forced a huge tongue filled kiss on me for over a minute. Even more people got up and left as this went on.
I got up and went to the toilet, and to my shock waiting there was Ms Taylor.
She told me she would see to it my life was made hell, then she almost smiled, and said she hope my new husband brought me much pain and humiliation, because I deserved it. She took one long look at my bulging belly, and I could see in her eyes an evilness, which will haunt me for the rest of my days, and then she left.
She frightens me, dear diary; the way she looked at my swollen stomach has me on edge. Should I come to an early demise, I hope my diaries will enlighten whoever reads them, enough that they would suspect Ms Taylor.
We went to what will be home, and I told Mr Cox what happened in the toilet. Mr Cox has assured me he will be true to his word, and send our child to a boarding school as soon as is able, for our child's own protection. He has promised me his fortune when his death comes, and in the mean time I will not want for anything.
Dear diary, I have often thought about writing in your pages of the size of Mr Cox, but I have not as yet in detail. It truly is mesmerising, and to my shame I think I am turned on by his cock. I don't know why I feel like this, because I do not like Mr Cox, but as his cum spilled from my mouth onto my tummy on our wedding night, my pussy felt waves of pleasure. My new husband's boasts to the court about his huge cock was not a lie. The head of his cock is purple in colour, and when fully erect his veins make such a ridge I can feel them with my tongue and lips. His balls seem like they are full to bursting all of the time. They remind me of a cow who is in desperate need of milking. If I was a virgin I would be terrified that Mr Cox, with his largeness, would be my first. Indeed the night of my proposal to him I was truly frightened when he desired anal sex. I have never had it there before with any other man, apart from Mr Cox on our weekend in Blackpool. I will say though to his credit, he was gentle.
Dear diary, I have married Mr Cox for money and not love, and with my last dying breath I will not allow my child to do the same.
I close my grandmother's diary, and put it back in the box. Suddenly I realise it has got dark outside, and I've been so engrossed in the events of the day, I haven't eaten. I look at the keys to the brothel. I had better phone my sis and see if she'll come with me, to look over our inheritance.