A crowded city bus in the heat of Summer 1993 might not be a place to find love, but this day it was a place to fulfill other fantasies....
****
1. Summer in the city.
There's nothing quite like the oppressive heat of a hot July day in urban America. When you're stuck standing up on a crowded bus whose air conditioning was either not working or not up to the task, well... it doesn't get any better than that.
That's where I found myself on that sweltering day, hanging on to the overhead strap like a chimp while trying to stay upright despite the best efforts of the driver to send everybody flying with his abrupt stops and manic lane changes.
Sweat rolled off me as I looked out the window and tried to figure out how much longer I would have to endure this agony. The bus stopped at a traffic light, and through the window I saw the inviting signs of a tavern shining at me like a beacon.
Sam Adams, it cried out. C'mon in and throw one or two down and catch the next bus! Rolling Rock! Frosty cold and waiting inside. Why stand there in that torture chamber and get jostled by strangers even more unkempt and disgusting than you are?
The bus started again, which eliminated any decision making on my part. People squirmed by to get off the bus at their stops, and their damp seats were eagerly snapped up by others. Me, I wanted to stand up, because at least there was a little breeze passing through up there, the result of more than a few commuters opening the windows to let some moving hot air in to circulate.
At one stop, the crowd thinned out a bit, and it was then that I saw her. An attractive redhead hanging onto the pole while reading a paperback copy of Stephen King's Gerald's Game. She looked so cool, calm and collected amidst the human waste around her that it was almost spooky.
Her curly red locks framed an incredibly cute face with a smattering of freckles around her nose, with her soft green eyes firmly fixed upon her reading. A beautiful Irish lass if ever there was one. As people moved around on the bus I caught little glimpses of the rest of her, and as my curiousity grew, I shifted my place in the aisle.
It was then that I saw it. As my eyes wandered down from the slender fingers of her right hand that gripped the support rail above her and down her pale and freckled forearm, I viewed the most surprising sight. Nestled in the hollow of her underarm, a spray of hair swayed lightly in the breeze. Bright orange in color, the slight wisp of hair caught my eye immediately, being such an uncommon sight in the 1990's.
I felt my cock strain inside of my tight jeans, uncomfortably reminding me of their ill fitting nature, as I stared at the young woman with what must have been an appalling lack of tact. I subtly spun around the pole so that I was almost right next to her.
At the point, I was trying to stare at her without appearing to. I thought I was doing a good job of it too. Her eyes would occasionally come up from her book, and at those times I would look up over her shoulder at the advertisements that were plastered along the inside perimeter of the bus. I was so slick, or so I thought.
"Take a picture," she said suddenly, breaking me out of my trance.
"Take a picture, it lasts longer," she spoke just loud enough for me to hear.
She looked at me with a glare of sorts, but not the caustic stare I would have associated with her words. Her message was not delivered with any degree of anger but more like her telling me that she had caught me. That all occurred to me long after I was off the bus. While this was actually going on, I was embarrassed. Very much so, and I'm sure the crimson glow my face beamed with gave that away in case there was any doubt.
"Uh... sorry," I mumbled into my shirt as I shifted my gaze back out the window.
"Sorry you were staring or sorry you got caught?" she asked in a tone that was almost mocking me.
I looked at her again, into those bright green eyes that were twinkling with the pleasure that my uncomfortable reaction was giving her. She was probably in her early twenties which was almost half my age, so it couldn't be anything about me she was interested in.
"Both," I said initially before correcting myself. "No, actually I'm only sorry that I got caught," I told her. "I guess I'm also sorry I don't have a camera, come to think of it."
She smiled at that, which eased my mind considerably. I inhaled deeply at her scent which reminded me of some fragrance my ex-wife used to wear.
"An honest man is hard to find," she said, and suddenly brought the hand holding the book down and rubbed it across the crotch of my jeans quickly.
I let out a grunt that was more shock than anything else as the back of her hand slid over the bulge, and I looked around to see if anyone else had noticed.
"Not all that hard to find I guess" she said as she brought the book back up and resumed reading.
She was so close that I could smell her perfume, the name of which finally came back to me.
"Done looking already?" she murmured softly. "I got closer so you could get a better view."
Frankly, I was intimidated by this girl, who was so forward and blunt it was almost scary. Still it was tough not to look at her dangling from the strap like that with her now so close, so I resumed my examination of the girl with her apparent blessing. It had been many years since I had seen a girl who chose not to shave her armpits, as it seemed the disco era had removed most of the free spirits. Now this young woman appears out of nowhere, not only sporting the natural look, but flaunting it right in front of me. As my eyes returned to the delightful spray of hair swirling in the gentle recess, I chose to speak.
"I recognize your fragrance" I said, referring to the perfume that I thought she was wearing.
She smiled and nodded, her eyes never leaving the paperback, and I tried to count the freckles around her cute little nose.
"Secret," she said while turning the page deftly with the hand holding the book. "What would you say if I told you I was a mind reader?"
"Uh..." I said intelligently. "I guess I would be in trouble."
"Maybe... and maybe not," she added before leaning in front of me and pulling the cord to signal her stop. "Phone number."
"What?"
"You want to talk about it, give me your phone number."
"Uh, I don't have a pen..."
She gave me an annoyed look that suggested I should just tell her the number, so I did.
"Eight thirty tonight," she said over her shoulder as the bus came to a stop.
I stood there dumbfounded as the girl got off the bus and walked down the road while the bus pulled away. Whoever she was, the bottom half of her body was a little bigger than the top, as I watched her fleshy butt wiggle under the swirling skirt. Her calves were full as well, but very shapely.
That was certainly an interesting encounter, I thought to myself, knowing that she was never going to call or even remember my number. Just a girl who liked to bust balls, and I guessed I had it coming to me, staring at her like that.
2. 8:30.
I'd like to say that I wasn't watching the clock as the evening went on, but that wouldn't be exactly right. As it got closer to 8:30, I actually started getting nervous. If I thought I was nervous at 8:29, when the phone rang precisely at 8:30 I jumped half out of my skin. I decided to pick up the receiver on the third ring, and managed to croak out a weak hello.
"Is this the bus guy?"
"Uh... yes, I guess it is," I said weakly.
"You sound surprised," she said.
"Well, yeah. I guess I am," I countered.
"Your voice sounds weird. Afraid to talk too loud? Don't want the wife to hear?" she said smartly.
"I'm not married, I'm divorced," I informed her.
"Ain't they all?" she retorted. "Well Bob, you got my interest this afternoon, now what are you going to do with me?"
"Ummm... I don't really know. My name's not Bob, if you ..."
"I really don't want to know your name," she snapped, "because there isn't going to be any kind of courting going on here. You look like a Bob to me, so that's what I'm going to call you."
Bob? My name was going to be Bob. Well, now that we had settled on my name change I thought it would be a good idea to ask my new lady friend her name.
"Pick a name, I don't care what you call me," she said. "See if I like it or not."
"I have to give you a name?" I asked in confusion. "How about... Melissa? Or Kelly?"
"Why those?" she asked.
"Well, I knew a girl called Melissa back in college who didn't shave her underarms," I recalled. "Kelly, I guess because of your eyes."
"I didn't think you even noticed I had eyes," she cracked with a trace of a giggle.
"Oh, I noticed all right," I assured her. "I was watching them because I didn't want you to catch me staring at you."
"You need a little work on that Bob," she chortled. "Besides, you were almost drooling and that gave it away."
"I'm sorry about that Kelly," I offered, trying out her name for the first time. "You're a very unique looking lady."
"You like the armpit hair, huh Bob?" Kelly snickered. "Got a thing for hairy chicks?"
"You aren't all that hairy," I told her, the memory of that wisp of bright orange fur still fresh in my mind."
"You should see my pussy then, Bob" Kelly said. "I've got a really hairy pussy... does that scare you? A girl with a jungle between her legs these days when everybody's waxing it down to a little strip of fuzz?"
"I don't scare that easily Kelly, although that pubic Mohawk look comes close," I admitted. "I've haven't seen one yet that was too hairy for me."
"I liked Kelly better, Bob" she said. "You made the right choice on that one, but you called me a lady a minute ago. I'm sure as hell no lady. You might find that out in the future."
"Really?" I asked. "Just what are we doing here talking like this anyway?"
"Feeling you out," Kelly said. "Auditioning you."
"Auditioning for what?"
"Trying to figure out if I want to fuck your brains out or not," Kelly said matter-of-factly. "You turned me on when you were staring at me, and I like older dudes, so I thought maybe we could have some fun."
"Do you meet men often like this?" I asked with a shaky laugh that betrayed my nervousness.
"It depends," Kelly said. "Let's see, how old are you Bob? Thirty five?"
"Thank you Kelly" I replied. "I just turned forty a couple of months ago. How about you?"
"Forty! You don't look half bad for forty" Kelly said. "Me, I'm twenty. When's the last time you fucked a twenty year old, Bob?"
"Ummm... I think it's been a few years" I admitted. "I know for a fact I've never been with anybody half my age."
"Neither have I" Kelly said with a chuckle. "So, what are you doing right now, Bobby baby?"
"Bobby baby?" I asked. "Bob was just starting to feel comfortable. Doing? Nothing, just talking to you."
"You start playing with yourself yet Bob?" Kelly said. "Got your cock in hand... pumping away?"
"No," I said honestly. "Should I be?"
"Up to you babe," Kelly offered. "Makes no difference to me. Tell me about your cock Bob, you got a big one? I couldn't tell much when I rubbed up against it, except that it can get hard."
"Big?" I said sheepishly. "No, it's not big. Just the standard six inch variety, and that's on a good day, although I guess it's kinda thick."
"Thick is good," Kelly appraised. "Are you cut?"
"Cut?"
"Circumsized, Bob" Kelly schooled me. "Your penis."
"Yes"
"Good, I hate the ones I have to skin back" Kelly announced. "Got any piercings? Tattoos?"
"No, I'm kinda boring" I admitted.
"Not doing much of a sales job on yourself, Bob" Kelly snapped.
"Well, why the hell should I lie to you?" I snapped back. "Give you all kinds of bullshit just to get you in the sack?"
"Oooooh... now that's more like it" Kelly cooed. "Little fire there Bob, I like that. I'm not looking for some candy-ass goody two-shoes that's gonna bring me a handful of posies and tell me he loves me."
"No chance of that" I told her, and since I had just been on the verge of hanging up that was sure the truth.
"You free this weekend?" Kelly asked, and I pretended to look through an imaginary calendar before saying that I had no plans.
"Okay, this is the deal" Kelly announced. "If you're interested, we meet at a motel just out of town. You come alone... no friends, no wives, no cameras or any shit like that."
"Then what?"
"Anything you want" Kelly said. "Anything besides pain. You like it rough, Bob? I can take it... anything you can give out and then some. Ever want to get a little rough with a girl and pretend to have her do nasty shit? I'm the best actress you'll ever fuck. Think of it, Bob. How many times in your life have you been with a girl, and after it was all over you wished you had done one thing or another? Your wife, Bob, or your ex-wife. How many things did you wish you had done, but you didn't have the balls to ask for... or do? Afraid what she might think of you... or embarrassed to admit what you liked? Right, Bob?"
"I guess," I said warily.
"Then I'm your dream girl" Kelly said. "The only word that I don't use is no. There's nothing you can think of that I won't do. You name it and I'm game. You can't shock me. Anything you do, or wanted to do, I'm all yours. No laughing at you, no judgements and no having to face me the next day or ever again."
"What's the catch?" I asked nervously.
"No catch, except of course I'll be doing whatever I want to you as well," Kelly said. "We use each other however we want, and if one of us doesn't like it at any time, we leave. That's it. No commitments or relationships or anything like that. It's one night and that's the end. We'll never see each other again after that."
"Wham bam?" I offered weakly.
"You got it!" Kelly said. "If you want it, that is."
"What do you get out of this?" I asked.
"Great sex, I hope" Kelly said. "It turns me on, just like you turned me on when you were staring at me on the bus. I just tried to imagine the stuff that was going through your head."
"And that's the whole deal... no games or jokes?" I asked.
"If you want to you can chip in for the room" Kelly suggested. "Other than that, here's what you do. You know where the Lorna Doone Motel is out on Route 5?"
"Yes" I said, recalling seeing the decaying roadside motel outside of town in passing.
"Show up around 4 or so Saturday afternoon" kelly told me. "There's a little cocktail lounge around the side of the motel office. I'll be there waiting for you. No bunches of flowers Bob, just you and that hard-on, and maybe some beer. Okay? Tell me now if you're game, because I don't want to get stood up."
"Okay, I'll be there around 4," I said nervously.
"Geez Bob, you make it sound like you're going to a funeral. Lighten up man. Nobody's died from fucking since Nelson Rockefeller. Don't show up acting all uptight like that. Even if it's not your nature, I want you wild and uninhibited, just like I'll be."
I hung up after this most bizarre phone call still not believing my ears and not totally sure whether I would show up there. Still and all, I resisted the urge to lose the erection I had gotten as a result of the phone call the easy way. I thought that I might be needing all my energy this Saturday night.
3. Saturday night at the Lorna Doone Lounge
It was a hot Saturday afternoon with the temperatures hovering in the low nineties, and the sun was dazzlingly bright as I drove down Route 5 that Saturday afternoon. I had debated all morning and into the early afternoon on going through with this or not before finally caving in.
This was not my style, this casual sex thing that I might be getting into here. I was more of the long courtship kind of guy, and hadn't done anything of this nature since I was in college. Why was I going out to a motel like this?
Well, it had been a long dry period for me in the affection department. After my divorce I had found it very difficult to get involved with dating again. So, while I was certainly having as much sex as I could handle, the fact was that there was nobody else in the room with me while I was doing it. Wanking off to porn movies gets old fast, and this was certainly not going to be another boring Saturday night, if it actually happened.
I had put a lot of thought into my wardrobe before finally deciding on a light blue tank top and white shorts. I had managed to get into a decent enough condition over the last year or two and didn't look all that bad dressed like this. I still had my hair and teeth and a few brain cells. What more could a woman ask for? I guessed I would soon find out, I thought to myself, as I drove out Route 5 armed only with a couple of six packs of Rolling Rock.
The drive took a bit longer than I remembered, and when I finally got there I drove right past it, so nondescript and bland it was. I doubled back and slowly drove past again, surveying the scene. What a grand dump it was, with two cars in the lot, and a neon vacancies sign. I looked for signs of danger in this real life Bates Motel, not really certain of what it was I was getting into, and saw nothing out of the ordinary.
It was now 4:15 and I had to make a decision, so I swung back around and pulled into the parking lot, parking next to the office. Sure enough, there was a bar of some kind along the side of the office, hardly noticeable from the road. I walked very tentatively along the walkway and put my hand on the bar door, swinging it open.
Inside, I saw... nothing. The difference between the brilliant brightness of the day outside, and the cool semi-darkness of the bar made it impossible to see much of anything at first. It reminded me of walking into a movie theatre and having to feel your way along until your eyes adjusted to the surroundings.
I saw a guy standing behind a very small bar with five stools in front of it, all empty. I made my way to the nearest one and eased into the seat. It appeared that I had been stood up, but in a way I don't know whether I was disappointed or not. I had been half expecting friends of mine to come out of the woodwork and laugh at the practical joke they had pulled on me.
"I guess I'll have a bottle of Sam Adams," I told the approaching bartender after I looked behind the bar to see exactly what they had to offer in this hole-in-the-wall. The guy nodded and reached into the cooler and pulled out a frosty one. I refused the glass he offered, not wanting to press my luck, and watched him walk back down to the end of the bar to resume polishing the glassware.
I was trying to figure out who the bartender resembled, and decided that he looked like either the drummer for Cheap Trick or the guy that played the station owner on the sitcom News Radio. He was about my age, tall and heavyset with big black eyeglasses and a dour expression on his face. I was getting ready to start shooting the breeze with the guy, almost tempted to tell him what I was doing being tricked into showing up at this dump, when my nostrils flared.
That scent again. A gentle vanilla scent that I remembered from the bus. Then, I felt the presence of someone standing behind me, and that someone putting their hands over my eyes.
"Guess who Bob?" I heard Kelly cackle in my ear.
She was there after all, and had apparently been sitting in a booth behind me.
"Hi Kelly," I said as she came around me and leaned into my side.
"Care for another one, Kelly?" the bartender said as he appeared out of nowhere while Kelly kissed my neck.
"Absolutely!" Kelly squealed. "This is my man, Bob" she announced proudly.
The bartender nodded toward me and filled up Kelly's glass with straight Jack Daniels before retreating to his corner once more.
"Gee Bob, I was starting to think I was being stood up," she said loudly before knocking back half of the drink.
Kelly was wearing a lime green Motorhead tank top that was a couple sizes too big, and looked as sexy as I had remembered her.
"Sorry I'm late," I said apologetically, "but I forgot how far out of the city this place was. Hey, is Kelly really your name?" I asked as it clicked in that the bartender had addressed her as that.
"I am Kelly tonight" she said. "That's who I told him I was when I got here. Mmmmm... you were late but I forgive you. Wow, you look even better than I remembered."
Kelly ran her hands over my chest, pulling at the hair peeking out over the top of my shirt.
"Hairy guy, aren't ya Bob?" she cooed into my neck. "God, I love hairy guys. Does that make me a pervert like you, Bob? Oooh, you smell nice"
Kelly nuzzled my neck and shoulder as I felt a shiver run through my body. Without warning, she grabbed my hand and pulled it upward. Kelly leaned into me and buried her face under my arm. I felt her mouth nibbling away, biting and licking with an animal-like intensity. I was so shocked I couldn't believe what was happening, but this new sensation felt so amazing that I felt like coming right then and there before she mercifully pulled away just in time.
"Liked that, didn't you Bob?" Kelly said impishly. "You wanted to do that to me on the bus that day, didn't you?"
I nodded and suddenly realized that the bartender had caught that little scene, and had moved a little closer while pretending not to be watching. His technique of looking needed some work too, but my attention was reclaimed by Kelly, who had grabbed my cock through my shorts and was squeezing and pulling like crazy.
"Oh shit Bob, your cock is hard as blue steel," Kelly said as her groping forced a groan out of me. "I can't wait to see your cock. Oh man, this hunk of meat feels so good... what would you say if I pulled it out and went down on you right here and now?"
"The bartender" I hissed as I watched him watching us.
"Fuck him!" Kelly said. "Do something to me quick or else I'm going to do it."
I looked down at Kelly's breasts, and slid my hand around the gaping armhole of the too-large tank top, cupping her breast. Kelly had small breasts, about the size of baseballs, and I pulled her left tit out from behind the shirt while trying to keep it hidden from the bartender. Small tits but big aureolas and thick pegs for nipples made an enticing combination that I couldn't resist. I squeezed the pliant globe as I looked at this crazy girl wiggling now almost in my lap.
"Suck it hard Bob" Kelly demanded. "Suck my tit you fucker!"
I leaned over and took as much into my mouth as I could, momemtarily forgetting about the doofus bartender. I managed to get most of her breast into my mouth, and sucked it as hard as I could, almost trying to make it hurt. If that was really my intention, it failed miserably, as Kelly contorted even more wildly as she savagely grabbed at my crotch.
Kelly lifted her left arm and held it behind her head, and as that delightful spray of underarm hair came into view mere inches from my eyes, I impulsively slid my mouth off Kelly's breast and worked my way up and over until my tongue found its way under her arm. My lips slid up and down her armpit relentlessly, my tongue finding the hair so soft it was almost beyond belief, and the vanilla and spice scent intoxicating all of my senses.
Kelly suddenly squirmed and ground herself into me violently as my tongue glided up and down the inside of her arm from her bicep to her side. She was climbing on me, humping my leg with her crotch as her body began to convulse, and it hit me that she was having an orgasm. I kept going as she let out some muffled squeals before I felt her body finally relax.
I glanced up at Kelly and saw her glassy-eyed expression and flushed face, and smiled. From behind her I saw the bartender there still polishing a glass while now intently watching without trying to disguise his interest.
With much embarrasment, I pulled my face from out of Kelly's armpit and tried to get myself together by grabbing my beer. Kelly was enjoying my obvious discomfort as she finished her drink.
"Need another drink... or a room?" the bartender said with a smirk.
"No, we got the room and we're gonna use it like it's never been used before," Kelly said. "Let's go get crazy Bob."
Kelly swung herself off my lap as I fished out a twenty from my pocket and tossed it on the bar.
"You need any help with that gal, you come back and get me!" he said with a laugh.
I was probably going to need it, was what I was thinking, but I was too humiliated to say anything or even wait for change as I hustled to catch up with Kelly, who was already waiting at the door.
Let's go get crazy was what she had told me. Well, if that last few minutes wasn't crazy, what was? I supposed that I would find out soon enough, as I went back into the heat and light.
4. Room 1.
To say it was a short walk to the room was an understatement. The room she gotten was next to the office, and as Kelly unlocked the door I went over to my car and grabbed the little overnight bag I had put together along with the beer cooler.
I entered the room behind Kelly and set my things in the corner chair. Kelly had turned the light on, which allowed me to take in the less than luxurious surroundings. The furnishings were classic 70's decor but at least the bed was a double. I stood waiting as Kelly dumped out a bag onto the bedside table.
What poured out of the sack boggled my mind; a vibrator, a enormous black dildo, tubes of lubricant, plastic wrap, a couple of joints and a pile of condoms. There had to be at least a dozen rubbers in the pile, making me wonder if she was expecting the fleet to make an appearance. I thought of the three condoms I had in my bag, and I had thought that was an overly optimistic number before I got here. A dozen? What the f...???
"Like my stash, Bob?" Kelly said as she stepped aside to give me a better view. "See anything you like, just help yourself!"
I was still in shock over the dozen condoms, so I had to say something, offering "Quite a supply of condoms."
"Oh, that's only if you want to use them," Kelly said smartly, "and if you fuck me in the ass you gotta wrap it. Otherwise it's your call."
Kelly calmly grabbed the bottom of the tank top and peeled it off, revealing her two plump little treasures, along with a generous amount of freckles covering her shoulders and upper chest. I felt my cock stir in my shorts, trying to escape from the gooey mess Kelly's earlier efforts had created.
"Want to see my pussy, Bob?" Kelly said, as she slowly inched her shorts downward. "I warned you I had a hairy one... see?"
I looked at the faint treasure trail that began just below her cute navel. The trail became a lush forest as the shorts went lower, finally exposing her thick dense bush. I had seen a couple in my day with more hair, but it was still a wonderful sight, and I longed to find out whether that dense bush was as soft and luscious as the hair under her arms was.
"Nice... " I said lamely. "Beautiful."
"I showed you mine, now you show me yours" Kelly challenged me as she sat on the edge of the bed, and I began to pull my own shirt up.
"Slower Bob" Kelly said. "Tease me babe, I'm so fucking wet and horny I'm going out of my skull, and I love to be teased."
Wanting to please the lady, I pulled my shirt off as slowly as I could while trying not to feel like an idiot. Kelly seemed pleased as could be for whatever reason, and was working her fingers inside her pussy as she watched.
"That's nice Bob... damn! Look at the size of that bulge you got going on down there! Thought you said it wasn't big?" Kelly said as her fingers went dancing on.
"You wearing underwear Bob?" Kelly asked and I told her I was. "Good, now do this slowly... that's it!"
I let my shorts fall at my feet and stood there in my underwear, painfully aware of the large stain in the pouch of my jockeys.
"Ooooooh Bob, look at the mess you made" Kelly moaned. "Did I cause that? Come closer babe."
I stepped out of the shorts and came over in front of Kelly, who seemed mesmerized by the fact that I had an raging erection. I took my underwear by the elastic and tugged them down slowly, but how slowly can you really take off underwear, anyway?
When I got the elastic past my cock, it sprang up wildly, no longer trapped by the fabric, and Kelly groaned with delight as it bobbed in front of her face. She leaned forward and stuck her tongue out, grazing the drooling tip before moving backward. A long string of cum hung suspended between us before falling back onto her chin.
Kelly looked up at me as she moved forward and took the head into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the crown rapidly.
"May not be a long one, but this here is one seriously fat pecker, Bob" Kelly said. "Before you go, I gotta have this baby in my ass at least once and don't care if it splits me in two either. Right now I need it somewhere else. Now!"
I was ready too, and had grown tired of taking orders, so I threw Kelly back onto the bed and climbed between her legs. I had my cock in my fist and I slid it hard up the dripping wet opening one time before plunging in with all my might. Hard.
The scream that came out of Kelly when I slammed myself into her was blood-curdling, and for a moment I was concerned that I had somehow managed to hurt her. Remembering her warning against being nice, however, I went against my usual instincts and began humping away as hard as I could.
That was the correct decision, as Kelly screamed with delight while I pounded away inside her. I fought the initial urge to cum, which came about ten seconds into it. I struggled to keep from hearing her wild whimpering and howling and concentrated on fucking her as hard as I could.
After a while, I gained some control over my condition, and went as hard as I could for as long as I could. I could tell she had a couple more orgasms, but despite the wonderful feeling of her pussy contracting savagely around my cock with each one, I managed to keep going. Part of the reason may have been the distracting thumping noises that came from next door. My knees and back began to ache, with my being so out of practice my body was protesting this renewal of old habits.
Finally, I felt the old familiar feeling begin to well up inside me. Kelly must have sensed this too, as she held me closer and moaned along with me. I felt her nails rake across my back as my cock began spurting inside of her. She sunk her teeth into my collarbone as my orgasm continued, and the mix of pleasure and pain was exquisite.
Exhausted, I fell off of Kelly and looked up at the ceiling fan whirling above us. It wasn't even six o'clock and I felt like I had gone through the wringer.
Kelly leaned over and kissed the head of my deflated dick before rolling off the bed to get us some beer. Since she had left the light on, this gave me the chance to get a look at Kelly from behind. She had a nice fleshy butt with a butterfly tattoo above the right cheek. Legs were very shapely as well, and although her lower half was a little out of proportion with her upper half, she was still a cute package.
Kelly handed me a beer and plopped down on the bed beside me, turning on the television to a music channel and then dimming the picture.
"That was good work there, Bob" Kelly said as I drained most of my bottle with the first swallow.
"I'd forgotten how good sex could be" I said honestly. "Sounded like somebody next door was getting a workout too from the sound of it."
Kelly gave an annoyed look toward the room next door and told me loudly, "Lots of horny fuckers around these parts, but you should be paying attention to me instead of the neighbors. Ain't I woman enough for you?"
She sure was, and as she reached across me to grab a joint from the table, that delicious aroma drifting from her neck attracted me like a moth to a flame. I ran my hand through her curly red hair and kissed her freckled neck and shoulders. Kelly's upper body undulated as I kissed her, and when I took a little nibble she told me to bite harder.
"That's it Bob... sink your teeth in a little" Kelly moaned, "ahhhh..."
I pulled back and saw the impressions my teeth made on her skin, nothing serious, just a souvenir of sorts.
"I gave you one to remember me by too" Kelly said, touching my neck where she had apparently left a mark that stung a little. "I got a little carried away there while you were blowing your wad, but now at least the wife will know what you were doing today."
"I'm divorced, and while we're still good friends, she probably wouldn't want me to stop by and show her my battle scars" I informed her.
Kelly lit the joint and passed it to me. I hadn't smoked weed in probably fifteen years, but I accepted it and took a deep drag. My head was spinning when I gave it back to her, as I figured out that years of not smoking made this a dizzying experience.
Kelly took it back and went down between my legs with the joint. I watched as she took a toke and then went down on my cock. As the smoke slowly slipped out around the base of my dick, it made my pubes look like a Scottish Moor with the fog rolling in. She went down again and took me all into her mouth before pulling back up slowly. To my amazement my cock began to show signs of life. When Kelly came back up to me with the joint, I had a semi-erection already.
"Sit on my face Kelly" I told her. "I want to taste that sweet hairy pussy of yours,"
"You got it babe" Kelly said happily. "Here you go, you horny cuntlapper!"
Kelly swung herself astride my head and grabbed the headboard. My face was engulfed by her spectacular red bush and I buried my face deep into the lush forest. Her pussy was still dripping wet from our combined fluids, and my tongue soon found her clit, rolling it around gently.
Kelly began groaning and swaying above me, the headboard groaning and creaking from her hanging on it. Her musky smell drove me crazy, and worked my tongue harder and faster. Kelly was practically humping my face in a matter of moments, and she was whimpering as if ready to come again.
My tongue was exhausted, so I just stuck it out as far and as hard as I could, allowing her to ride it however she wanted. When she finally came, I almost suffocated as she thrashed and collapsed on my face. Fortunately, she lifted herself up off me soon after, beaming and chuckling madly.
"You can sure eat a pussy Bob" Kelly said with a cackle that made her sound a little like Janis Joplin. "Let me do something for you that you might like."
Kelly grabbed a bottle of lotion from her collection of goodies and had me rollover on my stomach. I felt the cool lotion splash on my back, followed by Kelly's hands working the lotion into my shoulders. Looking to the side, I could see our reflection in the dresser mirror, and it was almost like watching a movie, as this lucky middle aged guy had a beautiful young redhead straddling his ass while she massaged his back and shoulders.
The lotion felt so soothing, especially on the claw marks Kelly had apparently left on my back, that I didn't want it to end. Kelly rubbed hard on my lower back and buttocks, and I jumped when she spread my cheeks apart and rubbed her finger around my anus.
"Oooooh... sensitive there, huh Bob?" Kelly said as I felt the tip of her finger penetrate me a little. "Here's something else I'll bet you're gonna like."
Kelly jumped up and grabbed a tube of something along with a piece of plastic wrap and went back down to my butt. I had no clue what was going to happen, but at that moment I was just happy that she hadn't grabbed the dildo.
"How do you like this so far, babe?" Kelly asked as her oiled finger stroked around my asshole. I had to admit that it wasn't half-bad, as unaccustomed as I was to being touched around those parts.
I was going to tell her that, when I felt her finger slide abruptly into me, her digit corkscrewing its way well into my ass, boldly going where nobody had gone before.
"Arrrrrghhhhh!!!" was my exact quote as I recall, as her finger worked around inside of me.
"Get up on your knees, but keep your head down" Kelly commanded, and I complied.
I looked back over at the mirror, and the sight of me on my knees with my ass up in the air was a more than a little surreal. Kelly saw me looking at us in the mirror and waved with the hand that wasn't doing some interior work, and then reached down between my legs and grabbed my dangling nut sack.
"Geez Bob, you got a set of balls on you like a bull" she said as she kneaded them roughly. "You like em played with?"
I nodded as Kelly began squeezing and twisting my sack, roughly but not excessively so, and the combination of her working my balls and that finger still probing away had created a resurrection of sorts in an adjoining area.
"Don't want to hurt you babe, because you got a lot more screwing in front of you," Kelly remarked as she rolled my balls in her palm, "but something tells me you like these big boys worked over rough like this."
I groaned as Kelly began pulling and kneading my balls almost savagely, and I couldn't believe that not only didn't it hurt, it actually felt fantastic. The more she twisted and squeezed and pulled, the better I liked it, and my cock was now fully restored and pulsating.
Kelly pushed me over onto my back next and stuck a pillow under my lower spine. She knelt beside me and smiled as she took a piece of the plastic and put it over her mouth just before she disappeared between my legs.
I looked over in the mirror and while I could see my legs being spread and held up in the air, I couldn't really see what Kelly was doing, but when I felt her tongue sliding into me the wild sensations I felt made me think I was losing my mind.
I looked down between my legs and saw the top of Kelly's head bobbing furiously, her tongue doing all sorts of unimaginable things inside of me. Her hand snaked up and found my cock, beet red and fully erect, and she began stroking it slowly. My legs were actually trembling as a result of this amazing treatment I was getting and my cock was tingling as I hung on the edge of an orgasm for what seemed like an eternity, before I felt the rush.
"Kelly!!! I'm going to ... I'm cumming...!" I screamed.
Kelly reappeared from between my ass cheeks and squeezed my cock at the base with all her might. She bent over my engorged cock and let her tongue dance over the drooling opening for a second before releasing her savage grip slightly and began pumping the shaft of my cock.
I exploded. Cum squirted out of me like a fountain, landing all over my chest. As Kelly kept kneading and squeezing me, sperm just kept spraying out wildly. The power of my orgasm almost made me faint, as my cock tingled like I was being electrocuted, and the orgasm didn't seem to have an end. I finally had to pry her hands and mouth off my cock when I felt my balls start to ache.
"What a load of spunk" Kelly howled as she laughed while the cum dripped down her face. "You cum like that all the time Bob?"
I shook my head no weakly, too drained to say anything at that time. I wanted to explain it to her, but I didn't understand it myself, as all of this was new to me. It was an orgasm to end all orgasms. I don't know whether I passed out or fell asleep, but out I went a moment later.
5. I'm back.
When I awoke, it was dark outside, and I struggled to regain my bearings. No, it wasn't a dream, as I looked next to me and saw the very naked and very cute Kelly sprawled out on the bed. My watch had ended up on the table next to me, and a quick check told me it was a little past 9.
I felt tired and sore all over, but looking at my red headed friend so helpless beside me caused some vague stirrings in my lower region. I leaned over and licked the outer edge of her prominent aureola, feeling the dimpled surface stiffen beneath my tongue. Her small breasts had all but disappeared with her on her back, but those thick nipples were straining for the sky.
I was hoping Kelly would wake up, and while I didn't want to just shake her awake, I did everything short of that. I kissed the delicate wisp of hair under her armwhich caused her to wiggle a little in response, so I continued nibbling up the inside of her arm all the way up to her elbow.
When I looked up, Kelly was looking at me through glassy eyes with a little smile in the corners of her mouth.
"I thought you were dead" Kelly said while reaching down between my legs and grabbing my erection.
"I'm back" I assured her.
"So I feel," Kelly giggled. "You know where I want this, Bob. Hard and fast."
I reached over and grabbed the lubricant, squeezing out a little bit onto my finger, while Kelly sucked the head of my cock. She had a condom in her hand and after she unwrapped it, she put it in her mouth and went down on me again, trying to put it on without using her hands.
"Your cock's too fat!" Kelly exclamied. "I can usually do that."
Kelly took the rubber in hand and slid it over the head of my dick, rolling it down slowly. The feel of it rolling down the shaft almost made me come right there. Kelly got on all fours and presented her buttocks generously. I spread the cheeks with one hand while I smeared the lube around her puckered anal ring. Her pubic hair reached all the way back there, I noted, and her anus was surrounded with more of the burnt orange fur as well.
My finger slid in with little difficulty, and I was just reaching for more lube when Kelly stopped me.
"Ram it in now" Kelly said. "I want it to hurt."
Not wanting to disappoint the gal, I climbed behind her and stuck the head of my dick at the tiny entrance. Holding the base of my shaft in my hand, I rammed my cock into that little hole as hard as I could. Kelly screamed as I got about half way in, so I slowly withdrew until I was almost out, before driving forward with everything I had.
Kelly let out an howl that sounded more like something you would hear in a slaughterhouse, as my balls slapped loudly between her legs, and she began ranting as I thrusted hard in and out of her.
"Aaaargggh!!! Shit! Slam that fat cock into me! HARDER you fucker! Rip me in two with that thing!"
Screaming was an understatement. Whoever had been making noise next door had to be hearing this performance loud and clear. That thought kind of turned me on, but that wasn't what I really needed at that time. Her ass was as tight as a vice, and that combined with Kelly's ranting was making it a real effort for me not to come. I grabbed onto her plump buttocks and tried to ignore the audio and visual show in front of me.
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! were the sounds that reverberated loudly in the room, even over the music coming from the television. R.E.M., I think it was, as I pounded into Kelly without mercy. Her screaming had now been reduced to whimpering and grunts, and my resolve was weakening.
I slid my hands up from her buttocks and moved them up her sides until they found her tits, and I cupped and squeezed the dangling little mounds hard while I humped her.
"Don't come, Bob" Kelly said softly. "I want you to come in my mouth."
With that, Kelly crawled out from beneath me and rolled off the bed and onto the floor over next to the closet door. Unsure of what I was supposed to do, I followed her over and stood in front of her, my rubber encased erection bobbing in front of me. Kelly rolled the rubber off of me and took the base of my cock in her fist.
"That hurt so damn good, Bob" Kelly said. "I want to suck your fat cock and feel you shoot your load down my throat."
I stood next to the closet and looked down as Kelly's mouth slid down around my cock head and slid up and down slowly at first, then speeding up a little. Her hand snaked down between my legs, and I spread my legs to let her squeeze my balls while she gave me head.
Kelly looked up at me with those emerald eyes as her mouth strained to go even further down the shaft, and that sight was so erotic I knew I couldn't last long. Kelly sensed that too, and quickened her motion while working my nuts vigorously.
"Cumming... gonna cum," I warned her, as she took me into her mouth as far as she could. My hands were running through her curly hair as I started to ejaculate. I fell against the wall as my orgasm peaked, with Kelly's face still buried in my pubes as my seed spurted down her throat. She didn't even blink but merely kept sucking as my spasms slowed and then stopped. She slowly pulled back off of my cock, still sucking hard, as if determined to drain every drop from me.
Kelly got up from her knees and held onto my shoulders, opening wide to show me her perfect teeth and empty mouth before giving me a kiss.
"How about a pizza?" she suggested as she reached for the phone.
"Let's see, fantastic sex of every variety, cold beer and now pizza" I said. "Is this heaven?"
"No, but it isn't Iowa either" Kelly quipped before ordering a large pepperoni.
A movie buff as well! This was the girl that I was never going to see again after tonight?
6. He took the tip.
I managed to get my sorry ass out of the bed, aching from head to toe, and headed toward the bathroom. I abruptly stopped when I looked at the sheets on the bed. There was blood smeared all over the cloth, and I immediately thought of the possiblities. Kelly heard my gasp and looked down at what I was looking at.
"Don't look at me. It isn't me, Bob, it's you."
I was confused for a second, but then I looked down at my sore knees, which used to have skin on them. The were rubbed raw and bleeding, as a result of my activity and the coarse nature of the sheets. The tops of my feet, my palms and my elbows were affected to a lesser degree. I stepped over to the mirror and looked myself over. A big purple bite mark on my neck, scraped elbows and hands, no skin on my knees and claw marks on my back,
"I look like a train wreck" I said sadly.
"Not to me you don't, Bob" Kelly chirped. "After we eat I'm gonna prove it to you."
I groaned as I waddled to the bathroom, trying to figure out how I was going to survive the night. Perhaps the pizza would help, or Kelly would get so wrecked she'd fall asleep.
I crawled back under the sheets after grabbing a beer, and just made it back under when their was a knock on the door.
"Pizza!" Kelly yelled, and ran to the door.
She opened the door with the chain on it and peeked out, undoing the chain when she saw who it was.
"C'mon in" Kelly offered, and walked back toward me.
The college kid that held the pizza came into the room and closed the door behind him, before he looked up and saw Kelly fishing through the stuff on the table. Naked.
The kid was so nervous he didn't know what to do, and tried not to look, but in a little motel room you don't have many choices. It was either looking at me hiding under the bloody sheets, or watch Kelly hunt for money. He ended up looking at Kelly, and Kelly didn't seem to mind.
"Kelly, there's money in the pocket of my shorts" I told her as I gestured next to the bed where they had ended up.
"Okay Bob," Kelly said as she reached into the pocket. "How much do we owe you, sweetie?"
"Uh... er... ummm. $11.75 ma'am" he managed to spit out while he stared at Kelly's titties.
"Here you go baby" Kelly said. "Wait a minute, you get a choice. Would you rather get a tip, or would you rather have me suck your cock instead? Would that be okay with you, Bob?"
The poor kid was turning crimson, but I was well past that hue and heading to purple as I hid under the sheet and told Kelly to do whatever she wanted, as if I could possibly stop her.
"It's his fault I'm walking like this" Kelly droned on. "He just fucked me in the ass and now I'm not going to be able to sit down for a week. His cock is so thick I think he did some major damage in there... how much did you say it was?"
The kid apparently asked for the tip, but I couldn't hear because I was in hysterics under the sheets. Besides, there was no getting me out of hiding until I heard the door close behind the kid. I tried to imagine the story he would be giving them back at the store when he told them about this delivery.
"What's the matter Bob?" Kelly asked as she set the box on the bed and pulled out a slice.
"Nothing... nothing at all" I finally choked out through my laughter. "Where were you when I was delivering pizzas?"
"Probably not born yet" Kelly remarked, and that was probably true. She was just barely out of her teens now, but was so much older than me in many ways that I had forgotten the age difference for the most part.
We ate while watching the news, and I spent a lot of the time looking at Kelly. My emotions had taken a roller coaster ride with this girl since I first laid eyes on her, and while she was exhausting she was also impossible not to like. Part of me wished that I could be young and totally uninhibited like Kelly, but the fact of the matter was that I had been young like Kelly once, but couldn't have been like her. It just wasn't my nature. All things considered, it was tough to not enjoy her wacky ways, and I had a feeling I would never meet anyone like her again as long as I lived.
After we ate the pizza, Kelly decided that she was too smelly and needed to take a shower. I didn't even ask if she minded me joining her, as she seemed to expect it.
The soothing spray of the shower was a welcome relief for my aching body, and the fact that I got to help Kelly bathe made it extra nice. Kelly returned the favor and did an extra thorough job on me. When we ran out of hot water we hopped out and dried each other off on the cheap little white towels.
"I've done a number on you, Bob" Kelly said as she gently dried my shredded skin. "I think you should punish me."
I looked at the velcro handcuffs on the night stand and tried to summon enough willpower, but the flesh was too sore to be willing. I managed to get Kelly to cuddle up with me on the bed while I attempted to revive myself.
I don't know what time it was, but I woke up at some point in the night to the sound of what seemed like people whispering. I figured it was the television still on, but when I clicked the remote power button it turned on. The noises were coming from the closet area of the room, and Kelly came over from that direction and climbed into bed.
"Did somebody come to the door?" I asked her while still in a grog.
"No Bob, I was just talking to myself" Kelly said, and I guess that must have been a good enough answer for me at the time because I promptly fell back asleep.
7. Morning.
I slept right on through until the morning, and would have slept a lot longer if nature hadn't called so insistently. I limped toward the bathroom while looking back at Kelly, who was sprawled on the bed, arms and legs akimbo. She looked so magnificent, the vision even managed to stir some life into my sore member.
Even though I had taken a shower before passing out last night, marinating in our nasty sheets for a few hours made another shower a must for me. Under the soothing spray once again, my mind replayed the last twelve hours. What a strange escapade this had turned out to be.
I stood in the shower until the hot water was gone, and reluctantly limped out and tried drying myself with the soggy little towels. The sound of the door closing got my attention and I assumed that it was Kelly leaving, which disappointed me because I had wanted to say goodbye.
When I emerged from the bathroom, Kelly was still asleep, so I guessed it must have been our noisy next door neighbors leaving. Going over to my overnight bag in the chair by the window, I was digging for my clean underwear when I heard Kelly rustling around behind me.
"Mmmm Bob, you weren't going to sneak out on me, were you?" Kelly purred as she took the underwear from my hand and put it back in my bag.
Kelly's hands were all over me as she nibbled at my neck. Her hands pulled on my cock with strong sensual strokes and it began to come to life again under her urgings.
"Put your foot up on the chair" Kelly instructed, and as I did she knelt between my legs.
As she did, she pulled the blinds halfway up, exposing us to the parking lot, which was mercifully deserted except for a mangy cat who strolled past looking bored. I was not bored, as Kelly's tongue slid around between the base of my balls and my butt before taking my nuts in her mouth, first the left one and then the right while my cock throbbed in her fist.
I was enjoying this immensely until I opened my eyes again and looked outside. That damn bartender was out in the parking lot. He had a poker and was jabbing at pieces of paper on the ground, and putting them in a trash bag. He was doing a lousy job of it, mostly because he was staring at us through those thick glasses of his.
"The bartender" I gasped, as I tried to lean back out of his view.
Kelly would have none of that, and took my right testicle out of her mouth.
"Is he watching?" Kelly said very loudly, so loud I'm sure the guy must have heard her through the partially open window. "Good! That really turns me on, Bob. Oh, I love sucking on your big fat cock!" she practically yelled out to him.
I leaned back as far as I could to get out of his sight while Kelly's mouth enveloped my dick, her tongue sliding up and down the underside as she sucked, her hands kneading my balls.
"Fuck me hard Bob!" Kelly insisted, as she got up and leaned over, grabbing hold of the window sill and presenting her plump posterior to me.
I rubbed my dick around the crack of her ass, but she leaned over farther and made it clear what she wanted.
"Not in my ass Bob!" Kelly moaned. "I couldn't take it in my ass again after last night. Stick it in my pussy babe."
I shifted my feet and manuevered further underneath her until I felt the tip of my cock sliding around her moist opening. The warmth enveloped me as I sunk myself into her as far as I could, and she ground herself back into me to get maximum penetration.
"Arrrgh! Shit!" Kelly howled as I began to pound into her. "Yeah Bob! Fuck me hard... that's it! You like my hairy pussy don't you Bob?"
I thought it was pretty obvious that I did but felt weird saying it because the bartender could hear. I tried to avoid looking out at the parking lot but instead kept thrusting into her as hard and as fast as I could, hoping to get us both off fast.
"Say it Bob!" Kelly fairly screamed at me. "Tell me how much you love sticking your fat cock into my hairy pussy!"
"I love it" I said as loudly as I could manage while looking up and hoping the sound wasn't carrying out to the parking lot.
The slapping sounds our bodies were making were loud enough so that he could probably hear it, I thought to myself. Fact was, it was starting to not bother me so much that the guy could hear us and see Kelly, so long as he couldn't see me.
When I did peek out to the parking lot he was no longer in sight, most likely he had grown tired of watching Kelly making fuck faces and listening to us talk dirty. Maybe he even got pissed off that he was getting teased like this, I figured. So with that in mind I started talking dirty to Kelly, figuring that turned her on.
"You like it hard Kelly?" I asked her as I thrusted into her as hard as I dared without putting her through the screen window. "Like me sticking my cock in that hairy cunt of yours, don't ya?"
"Yeah Bob, harder... harder...fuck... I'm coming" Kelly screamed.
My hands reached under her arms and pulled on those fat rubbery nipples, twisting them roughly as I felt her pussy convulse around my member. As her orgasm faded, mine erupted, and my cock spurted into her as I yelled out.
While the last dribbles of cum oozed out of my cock, I happened to look over Kelly and out the window. Over to the side and barely visible, I saw the white sleeve of a shirt right outside the window. If there wasn't a wall there I could have reached out and touched him. That damn bartender again! Standing inches away from Kelly with a birds-eye view of who knows what?
I pulled out and stepped back away from the window, trying to motion to Kelly that the guy was out there, when it finally hit me that she knew he was there all along. The guy moved back away from the window as Kelly turned around toward me.
"Fun, huh Bob?"
"Uh, yeah I guess" I stammered. "Gave that guy quite a show."
"Ah, he looks like he's blind as a bat anyway" Kelly said. "Besides, tell me it didn't turn you on having an audience. Bet he would have liked to trade places with you, don't you think?"
"I guess" I admitted, but I didn't really want to trade places with him and watch him hump Kelly, thanks anyway I thought to myself. It was much more enjoyable being a participant.
8. Goodbye.
Kelly went off to the bathroom while I wiped myself off as best I could and got dressed. I was going through my wallet when Kelly came back out, trying to figure out how much they could have charged her for the room. I fished out two twenties and put them under the room key.
"What's that Bob?" Kelly asked while looking at the money.
"The room" I said. "You said on the phone that I could chip in for it."
"Forget it Bob" Kelly said as she grabbed the money and stuffed it in my pocket.
I started to protest but Kelly put her finger to my lips as I did.
"Makes me feel cheap if you do that" Kelly said, as I realized the implication. "Besides, my stepfather runs the joint."
My head was spinning as I pondered what she had said, all the while moving me toward the door as I grabbed my overnight bag. Kelly kissed me at the door and smiled.
"You had fun, right Bob?"
"Sure, but what about you?" I asked.
"Absolutely! You were really fantastic," Kelly exclaimed. "Have a nice life Bob."
With that the door slowly closed behind her, leaving me on the outside. Alone mercifully, as the bartender was nowhere in sight, I tossed my bag into the backseat and slid into the car's already hot interior. I backed out while watching the door of Room 1, hoping to see Kelly come to the door again, but the door stayed closed.
I headed out of the parking lot and out onto Route 5, the light Sunday morning traffic allowing me an easy exit. I drove for a hundred yards or so before I remembered that I had left the cooler in the room. I turned around and headed back to the Lorna Doone.
It wasn't the cheap cooler I wanted, it was the chance to see Kelly again, and maybe ask her if she wanted to do this again sometime. She had been adamant about this being a one time thing, but I hoped that maybe I could convince her otherwise. A minute later I was pulling into the Lorna Doone Motel parking lot. As I got near the building I hit the brakes.
At the door of Room 1 was the infamous bartender. Although he had his back to me there was no doubt it was him. I thought at first he was peeking into the room but then I saw him knocking on the door. The door flew open and I saw Kelly, still naked, leap into his arms and wrap her legs around him. He carried her into the room and kicked the door closed behind them.
I sat there in the car, too numb to do much of anything. My first impluse was to go knock on the door and find out what was going on. I thought long and hard about that before eventually turning the car around and heading back out onto the highway.
Did I deserve an explanation? Maybe. Maybe not. In the end I simply drove home and left it at that. Too many times in life we demand answers to things that were better left unanswered, and I figured that maybe this was one of those times.
****
This is the end of "Take a Picture". Thank you for reading, and as always your comments are most welcome.