This story stems from my interest in performance art, art that centres on the body of the artist and its actions. I have followed Marina Abramovic (and Ulay) for decades, from the early 70s on, well before Abramovic attained sainthood. Yoko Ono's Cut Piece was also an inspiration (see myInvestigating a Case of BDSM.) Then, there were Carolee Schneemann, Joseph Beuys, Yves Klein and others.
Many of my stories have autobiographical roots. I have done exhibitionist performances - primarily at vernissages and exhibition closing parties. In my case, there was no pretence. Hardly. My objective was to be seen, no more, no less. My"Skin-Deep - Shorn and Shown"documents one of these performances.
My fictional "Their Saving Grace", "Naked - Opening and Exhibition" and my true, but non-autobiographic"Investigating a Case of BDSM"further demonstrate my interest in this art form.
The present story is entirely fictional. What I aim to do in this story is to muse over what performance art at its worst can be. How far would an artist go? So, the story covers all manner of actions I'd abhor. To call them a challenge is an understatement. I would hate them.
My heroine does too, but she is a performance artist who loves the challenges she hates.
Why describe all manner of performance actions I'd abhor? For me, to write her story (or any story) is to try and imagine myself in her place. What would I think, how would I feel? I hope you can stay with me so that we may experience these detestable actions together. Shared grief is halved grief, isn't it, and shared joy double joy?
Part 1 - The proposal
a. INTRODUCTION
Look, I am Vivienne. Vivienne is my name. What is my identity? What am I, Vivienne?
I am two things, actually. Two poles apart: a primary schoolteacher and a performance artist.
A rather extreme one. An extreme performance artist, I mean. I am a well-behaved, sweet and competent schoolteacher and popular at that. To say that I do the teaching for money and the performances for passion is not how it is. True, income-wise, I couldn't only do performances. I wouldn't make enough to get by. Far from it. So, I do need the day job. It's true that I invest a lot of passion in my performances. But I am a fully committed schoolteacher as well and love my children. They know it. In a wholesome way, make no mistake. Teaching keeps me grounded. So, the way yin needs yang, the performance artist needs the teacher.
My two identities are clearly complementary necessities. As a schoolteacher I need the madness of my performances, as a performance artist I need being grounded by teaching children and seeing them grow, in spirit and body. The two identities don't meet at all. They are complementary. I am the common denominator.
I am sure you know what a primary schoolteacher does, so I won't delve into that much. Performance art can be anything. In my case, it generally involves nudity and provocation, often a reflection on the feminine condition.
The twain don't meet. I won't surprise you when I say that my teaching takes place in a village over an hour away from the city where I perform. I live in the village where I teach. There is another town closer by the village. It is there that my fellow-villagers generally go to do their city shopping. Combined with the fact that the theatre where I have a regular three-monthly Friday-night slot is in an off-centre part of the other, farther and bigger city, the odds that a parent will see me perform is small. The requirement is 18+, so the children wouldn't get in, even if they wanted to. My audience generally counts twenty-five to thirty people, never over fifty, so the odds are slim anyway. Though my audience is growing, one by one. And, you have guessed it: I use a pseudonym. My full name is Vivienne Townshend, but my performer's name is Vanna X. I am twenty-nine years of age.
I have a steady boyfriend, who is twenty-six. His name is Stephen and he lives in the city of my performances. We have been going steady for some five years. We are together on weekends and on one or two nights during the week. Always in his city. He is a painter. The chief tie that binds us is sex. Number one. But also, art, as number two. And we are able to talk well together about any issue. Our lives are hardly symbiotic, but we live and let live and are able work out any consequences of our differences. He always stands by me at my performances and often assists me when I need a hand.
I have alluded to the fact that the central theme in my work as a performance artist, if there is one, is reflecting on the feminine condition. More specifically, generally the theme is BDSM-related, in other words: power exchange. BDSM is also central to our sex life. Exchange, as we alternate taking the domineering and submissive roles, depending on who happens to take the lead, or who has the strongest idea. We see BDSM as an exaggerated form of what goes on in any relationship between life and love partners.
I have artistic pretensions, yes, and I am serious about my art, but what kicked me off becoming a performer were not artistic ideas, but my exhibitionism. I have to be honest. I got off and still get off on showing myself naked. The more extreme the better. It is just that I have managed to find a socially acceptable outlet for this exhibitionism. (And yes, Stephen and I practise it in our social/ BDSM life too, in his loft, at selected parties and occasionally outdoors.) Okay, I exaggerate. It is not just my exhibitionism. I am serious about proper artistic ideas underpinning my performances.
You now know a lot about me, but not what I look like. Well, I am quite tall for a girl - 1 m 80 cm or six foot. I have mid-blond short hair, showing my ears, mop top style, not a bob or whatever. I like to think that I am athletic and do work out an hour each day on the days I don't see Stephen. Unusually for my generation, I have no tattoos and sport a nice dense patch of pubic hair. I have had my armpits lasered, as well as my legs, groin and labia, so my bush is kept in check, such as it is. My breasts are on the small side, but they fit the bill. I have managed to avoid scars, that is: permanent scars. Both in my art and in my private life. Temporary marks I try to limit to where normally my clothes will cover them.
Avoiding major scarring has taken some skill! Particularly as I have to confess: I like pain. Is this wholesome, is this appropriate for a woman, post-#MeToo? Is it appropriate for a strong woman, a self-assured woman, one who is in control, who frowns upon patriarchy and snobbishness and traditional values? For a school teacher?
I am aware of domestic violence, with usually a woman as the victim. But I get off on pain. In my performances I do try to avoid anything that looks like domestic violence. In my write-ups I emphasise the fact, but that is where my concern stops. To be politically correct in my trade would stifle me.
I get off on pain. So, the practical limit is: to avoid scars, nothing else. What does pain bring me? An intense experience, a high, nirvana... It is hard to put in words. I have only 'suffered' at the hands of Stephen or my own, except once or twice a girlfriend of his if we wanted a woman. What forms of pain have I played with? Paddle, various kinds of whips, flogger, bare hand, nails, needles, nettles, cattle prod, candle wax, cigarettes. I am sure I forget something - you will get the drift: just about anything.
The 'worst' pain I experienced? A woman-friend of Stephen sewed my labia majora shut once. Stephen saw this on the internet, knew that I wanted extreme and told me about it. He couldn't bring himself to do it, hence asked this girlfriend of his. She was (is) a trooper, and a nurse, not keen on the act, but after studying the handful of examples on the net, prepared to do it. And she did, nicely sterile and all that. But, no anaesthetics. Sisters, it hurt like nothing else! She sewed six little holes in each labium with a coarse red thread. Amazingly, the bleeding was minimal! The aim was not to hurt me, in this case, but to minimise the hurt and certainly prevent any infections etc. She succeeded in keeping me healthy.
What was the philosophy of the action? The philosophy that went along with the desire for pain, that is. The idea was about chastity, as my clitoris was hidden and I couldn't masturbate, if I had wanted to. Paradoxically, it was also about keeping a man's penis from entering; about submission and, of course, about mutilation. Someone saw it as a reference to female circumcision without actually doing such. Fine, all of the above are true and whatever else rocks your boat. The outlandishness of the action itself was another driver.
This performance was done on stage, with me comfortably laid up. All guests could walk on and off the stage, however, and come close or alternatively stay in their seats and watch the projected video.
The nurse friend made twelve holes in succession with a hefty piercing needle and pulled a smooth red thread through. The pain each time was brief but intense. The trouble was the number of the piercings. I royally had my fill after seven or eight, after which I developed a real fear for each next go. I needed Stephen to hold my hand for remaining five or six holes. I could just about suppress pleading for this thing to go away. But the moment did arrive when I was done. The pains lessened quickly, to nothing more than soreness.
I stayed sewn up laying down for half an hour, which time I needed to calm down and recover. The audience and the video didn't leave me alone, but I couldn't have cared less. The pain did abate to manageable levels and I spent another hour mingling with the audience in the lobby and bar and talked to them. Naked and sewn-shut, yes. I loved being naked in the company of dressed people. Especially in this case when they were in awe of my sewn-up sex. Pulling the thread out was painful again. And so was peeing for the next day or two. Yes, I peed with the thread in place beforehand, just to see, in the theatre. Messy job, but popular with the few witnesses that were switched on.
I do think back fondly of this event and I did like the look. Very much. I know I am an exception. Many of audience could not handle it and, frankly, were disgusted with me that I could. I was a freak. Perhaps they were right, but I live a normal life otherwise, contribute to vanilla society and do not cause harm to anyone else, now, do I?
--------------------
b. A PROPOSAL
I meet Joseph after my performance of mid-April. He looks like a well-to-do achiever, confident gaze, well-groomed and wearing posh clothes (Hugo Boss dark blue sports jacket and jeans, Ralph Lauren light blue polo shirt, golden-brown Italian shoes, light blue socks.) He has come up to the stage after I have taken my bow.
The audience counted between thirty and forty this time, a good turn-out. Tonight's performance involved splashing around lots of paint (in the colours of the LGBTQ rainbow, one after the other, ending with red) and painting a series of large linen sheets with every part of my naked body, which Stephen successively hung up to dry on a clothesline. Ear-splittingly loud music. Drone metal. I put a lot of energy into wild gestures and running around and I am exhausted. I am still naked and covered from head to toe in sweat and paint of all colours. The final colour, bloodred, naturally dominates.
To put it mildly, Joseph is not a typical member of the audience; which is normally typified as 'alternative', although I secretly believe there is an undercurrent of common folk that comes simply to see me naked and/ or in the hopes of seeing their fetish satisfied. Not sure if I ever fulfil any, I hope I do, even if it is not my fetish. At least nine out of ten times I do get fully naked, satisfying minimum requirements for that niche audience.
'That was pretty intense, Vanna X,' he says. 'Funny, however messy you are, you are still sexy.'
'I could take offence, Mr...'
'Joseph Creighton. Call me Joseph.'
'I could take offence, Joseph, but I subscribe to the principle that anyone is entitled to their own type of kick, as long it does not pin me down. Physically, I mean.'
'Interesting, to not pin you down... I bet you like BDSM and being tied up.'
'No need to bet, Joseph. To say, I 'like' BDSM doesn't ring true. I take it too seriously for that. It is a means of expression. Having said that, it is true that I express myself that way in both life and art, but under conditions and only at the hands of someone I know and trust.'
'Worthy of a long discussion, I am sure. For later, because I have come to discuss something else. I wish to commission a performance. Or a series of performances, depending.'
'Well, that would be a first, someone commissioning a performance of mine. Do explain. I will hear you out with open mind.'
I am a little sceptical, but there is no harm in listening. I am not sure I will care for his motives. They could well be predatory. But what are they to me? No, what I will care about is the degree to which I can identify with what he will propose. My actions are for sale, but my integrity isn't.
'Good to hear. I will explain.
'You are a proud and confident person. That is great. You will need to be for what I propose you do for me. My proposal is extreme. I am confident you can handle extreme. By this I mean, really extreme.
'I want you to debase yourself. Annihilate yourself. Not for me alone, don't fret, but here in this theatre, in public, like this evening. Except that I will make it worthwhile for you financially. I will pay you liberally.
'I want to commission a set of performances about complete debasement, annihilation, feeling less than thrash, feeling weak and overwrought. I have seen you twice now and have noticed that you have tons of energy. Great, because I will challenge you, should you accept. I will attempt to wear you down. You have a boyfriend, haven't you? You will be completely at my mercy, but he or anyone will be there to stand by you. You'll be stretched to breaking point, mentally and physically. But you'll be safe, because it will be a normal public performance like tonight and we will ensure the methods are robust and safe.'
I do not respond immediately. Then I say, 'Well, Joseph... To breaking point... I like to think I go far anyway and really throw myself into my performances... But who knows, perhaps I can endure more. I like a challenge.'
'I have seen that, yes, and that's why I think you're the woman for the job. Think about whether you want to talk details. If you'll consider and be game to discuss, here's my card. I have instructed my secretary to forward your call, soonest, if you decide you want to discuss the matter. We will then meet and discuss details. I will let you be for now and give you a chance to shower and recover.
'Goodnight.'
And with a wave of his hand he is gone, leaving me with something to think about. I hold his card in my hands. He is an investment banker. Figures.
Our exchange has taken all of two minutes, so nothing has had the chance to sink in. I like challenges, I like extreme, but am a touch uneasy. He sounded like he meant business. I remind myself, if I don't trust him, I will say no. And he promised safety. And Stephen will stand by me.
------------------
That night in bed - after Stephen has gone out of his way to make gentle love to me - I am tough but need gentle love after my performances - I think about Joseph and his proposal. I have never done a performance on commission. I don't know what kind of money he means, but if I allow him to thrash me, it had better be good. I realise it will help if I think of ways I want to be thrashed -like the intense labia sewing was my idea, even if it was Stephen who picked it up on the web. My own ideas on how I would care to be thrashed will give me a frame of reference. This will help me exercise some control over my discussion with Joseph, should I accept his offer.
Stephen supports, but cautions me. 'Don't get talked into something you don't want to do. If he aims to annihilate you, be careful of your limits.'
I want to... Wait... No! I should be brave and think of what I don't want, of what I hate! I hate... I hate... I hate shit! I have never played with faeces. I have seen the girls in Pasolini'sSalo or the 120 Days of Sodom, a film I could not stomach, being forced to eat shit, or was it the esteemed guests gladly eating the girls' shit? Anyway, I never want to eat shit. So, I may propose it. I never wanted to be pissed upon. So, I will ask to pissed upon, by the entire audience for all I care, if they're willing. I never liked to have sperm in my face, even it is a BDSM classic. So, I will ask for it, the audience willing.
Ach, I don't know... All I want is to extend my limits. Let's see what Mr. Creighton comes up with... If I hate what he proposes, but if it is safe, I will consent.
I will call Joseph on Monday and see.
c. MY FIRST EVER PERFORMANCE
I have told you who I am, what I am and what I do. I have talked about what my performances mean to me. By way of further introduction, I want to tell you how I got into performance art.
You will remember, I trained as a primary school teacher. You'll find that teachers are generally down-to-earth, no-nonsense people. Okay, some are sweeter than others, but a good teacher will have the right combination of empathy and detachment. But here's the thing. I don't know any other woman with quite the sexual drive that I possess. I NEED to be satisfied. Often. Always, anywhere.
I was a handful as a young girl. Until I discovered masturbation. This was before I was interested in boys. Rather, before I found boys who were my equals. At the time, boys my age seemed like children to me. From the moment I discovered masturbation, I was off. Twice, sometimes three times a day. And the quality of my life improved. Steam being let off, I could now concentrate on my life plans, and doing homework. I wasn't even early losing my so-called virginity. All of eighteen. I experienced no pressure to advance to fourth base or whatever. I was self-satisfying.
Things got moving when I left home for college. I was a devoted student, with true motivation, but I had tons of energy, so was able to party hard as well. Art being my second passion, I circulated amongst both art students and aspiring teachers; in my experience both are rowdy bunches in their own way. The latter community was dominated by girls (and, yes, I had lesbian liaisons as well), so my male bed partners generally derived from artsy circles.
My present boyfriend Stephen is a case in point. We met when he was nineteen and I twenty-two, and have been steady off and on since then, uninterrupted now for five, six years. It was he who was instrumental in making my first performance happen, when he was in his second year at art college. He was aware of my willingness to show myself naked in public. I skinny-dipped a lot, in nature and at pool parties, generally took the initiative and didn't get dressed again for the rest of the party. Lounged naked at home and at enlightened parties. I did all that but it was not 'performance' in any proper sense of the word.
So, my first performance... Stephen had a friend at art college who was into performance art and wanted a support act dovetailing into his end-of-year project. A 'support act', big words for a marginal event. His thing was audience participation. Himself, he had decided to just stand there naked and show the movement of his penis as a function of what (dressed) gals and guys did in front of him - verbally, by looking at his dick, by dancing, by taking their top off etc - in short, by anything but touch. He knew from his friend, my boyfriend, that I had no issue with public nudity, so we got together and discussed what I could add. He said I was free to do whatever I wanted as long as I showed myself without that disgusting bush. He had seen me skinny-dipping.
Back then, I only civilised my groin so that I could wear my swimsuits. The rest of my bush was entirely unkempt, not even trimmed - of course, a provocation against the current fashion. I had never shaven it, ever! Personally, I wasn't sure whether the bald vulva did not represent a bow to the love of little girls. Not for me. I don't know. It is personal. To each her own.
He urged me to get rid of my bush, because he hated it. I had to smile. I pretended to resist, just because, but especially because I had expected better of him than submitting to mainstream pubic fashion. He insisted.
In the end, his insistence gave me the idea for what my performance could be. I would have the public undress me (I know:homage to Yoko Ono!) and then shave my mound. And afterwards I would masturbate in public while touring the space and looking the audience members in the eyes doing it. Was it art? Of course, it was and it wasn't. You can argue it provoked a reflection on the female condition ("Are women as free as guys to express libido?" or "Does a naked woman equate to sex?") and referred to classic performance art. But it was also an opportunity for the sex-crazed woman I was to live up her fetish.
There we have it. My first performance came to be. At this point, I didn't yet think I was going to make a habit out of it.
My boyfriend's friend - his name was Charles - the top of the bill, arranged for a big ottoman to be set up with a couple of pillows, plus a table with cutting and shaving gear and a supply of hot water. I would stand near the table until my clothes had been cut away and then lay down on the ottoman for the cutting of my pubic hair and shaving of my vulva. If and when the audience would request it, I would move or turn around, e.g. be on all fours for tidying up the perineum area. Ass in face, god!
If you get the impression that my first naked performance was a doddle, that I walked into it singing, you're wrong. I was embarrassed shitless. People studying me, strange people touching me, anywhere, everywhere. But my drive to expose myself was stronger than my fear.
Many stories of exhibition understate the hardship of a person exhibiting herself - the bonking heart, the sweating, the overwrought mind. There was arousal too, thankfully, but only towards the end, when the mind had turned a corner. Prior to that point, I had to keep telling myself that I wanted it, that I was a pleasure to look at, that if I upset people, it was their mind, not mine that was the issue.
My naked appearances at parties and run-of-the-mill beaches had been child's play. Bordering on the socially acceptable, those appearances. Safe, and not really public. My present undertaking was definitely public, therefore entirely unbecoming, especially for an aspiring schoolteacher. Obscene, to use one word. No two ways about it. And the control would not be in my hands, but in those of the audience. True, there would be friends there, both female and male, in addition to total strangers. But just think about it this way: whilst some of my friends had seen me naked in party situations, and the few I had made out with had seen me naked in bed, they would have seen my genitals only more or less. No one had been in a position to study my sex uninhibited. I had never quite invited that!
On the night, I waited in the wings while the main man welcomed the audience and explained what tonight's deal was, without giving away much detail and spoil the surprise. Charles introduced me, but left it to me to explain my performance. I took the floor and the audience gathered around me and the props in an ample circle.
'Err... Hello, everyone. I haven't done this before. I am nervous...' And I giggled. Iwasnervous.
My voice was unsteady when I said, 'This is my first performance. I want to do it, but I am nervous all the same. Err...' I had been staring vacantly, but now gathered myself and looked around me. I saw many pairs of eyes considering me. I didn't see rejection, as in: 'What on earth are you here imposing yourself upon us for,' or, worse, boredom. Okay, one or two looked sceptical, but most just appeared to wonder what would be happening. Some might have been aware that they would likely behold a naked girl in due course.
'It is my performance, but, really, it is yours. Why? Because I am just going to stand here and invite you to come and cut away my clothes.' No sighs of joy or discontent. Polite company. 'Various pairs of scissors are here on the table. Just be a little bit careful. It'd be nice if you'd avoid pinching my skin.' Now the even more delicate phase. 'Our host Charles has prompted the thing I invite you to do once you have rendered me naked. I hope you will be so kind and relieve me of my pubic hair; first cut and then shave it. On the table you'll find pairs of scissors, a few disposable razorblades, a canister of shaving gel, a bowl and a thermos with hot water. I will lay down on the ottoman and you may direct me to adjust my position this way or that, if you need to for access. I like my hair, but he doesn't. He said that he finds pubic hair disgusting., in fact made it a condition that I'd be bare, and I have decided to make this part of the performance too. So, if you agree with Charles, here's your chance. Please do the job decisively, but gently and don't break my skin. All the more because it is my first performance. Use the scissors and then the buzzer and shaving materials. Oh, another thing - please do a cut or two each, so that everyone gets a chance. That is all. Please oblige me and do your thing.'
My heart was beating at, what, 180 bpm when took my position. I stood there and waited a while for someone to take the initiative. My heartbeat dropped, but only to 160; that's how it felt anyway. No one came forward. That did no good to my anxiety. I tried to keep calm by breathing in and out, slowly and deliberately, and introverting. A small slice of eternity passed, until Charles took the initiative and stepped up. Thank god. He took both sides of the collar of my white linen blouse, tore them apart and ripped the buttons off. Wow, no half-measures! I was shocked, but a second later I realised I was happy that the action had started and the end was beginning. Yes, Charles had broken the spell and people started to come up and snip away at the blouse. My black faux-leather skirt followed (hard going!), then came my nude pantyhose (I forgot to take off my ankle boots, which remained untouched), then the camisole and finally my simple black panties and bra. People saved the bra until last. Funny, I thought at the time. Why not the panties? Bras are harder to cut, true, but it is more proper to leave the delicate bits until last, isn't it? Women don't put their bras on first, do we, straight out of the shower? Whatever... The moment came when I was a naked living statue. People stood around me and waited. On my part, I waited a minute or two and then lay down on the ottoman. With refreshed trepidation I waited ...
... for someone to dare and come and cut my nether hair, mine since my early teens. I spent a few anxious minutes fearing the pain, should someone cut my skin, being embarrassed, being naked and ogled, being embarrassed again, because my vulva had not been naked since the first whisps of hair appeared. It is not that the audience had gone away. It was still surrounding me, had just returned to passivity. Yes, like zombies.
This time it wasn't Charles, but a woman who stepped forward, not a friend, but someone I didn't know. She selected a pair of scissors from the table and handed them to me. She looked me straight in the eye and said, 'Please cut me naked too. And then I will oblige and cut your hair... The patch down there, of course.'
Wow! An unexpected thrill! Unexpected in a good way.
The woman was my senior by a few years. Mid-thirties? And quite a bit shorter, not quite a head, but just about. She looked artsy, but not cocky, rather sweet and open, not a poser. Short curly hair, dyed mid-blond. Full figure. She was wearing skin-tight jeans (hmm... hard to cut), slippers, no socks, an ample white T-shirt with a Disney's Little Mermaid print. She looked to be wearing a white bra, no camisole. Panties, I guessed...
'By the way, I am Kathleen.' When two, three seconds had passed before I reacted, she added softly, 'Don't worry, I won't walk away before I do what you want and cut your hair. And don't worry about me - I do have someone that will drive me home.
'You are shy, aren't you? That's cute...'
Why did I wait? Very strange, come to think of it. Either I needed the time to accept that I would be sharing the stage ... It was my performance, you know, and this was simply an imposition. Or I was too bashful to denude a fellow creature or have my dear pubes denuded by one. I am not sure how or what I felt at the time. I do know I decided to be a sport and said, 'Okay, but... Why?' She laughed and said, 'Does it matter? Okay, I am an exhibitionist too and want to follow your example. Can you handle that?' 'Yes, yes, be my guest, I guess I can share the limelight...' 'Oh, don't worry, after you have done me, if you'd be good enough, I will do the job of removing your hair and then disappear in the crowd.' 'You are on. We'll have a little party!'
And so we proceeded. I took my time cutting Kathleen bare and went theatrical! I made sure to do the denuding while assuming painterly poses myself - attract as much of the limelight as possible! Painterly, provocative poses! Alpha exhibitionist, me! Kathleen graciously didn't compete with me. She calmly stood there while I cut away her clothes.
Funnily enough, I had never undressed a woman before, let alone cut her clothes away, but here I was doing just that. Efficiently though, in view of whom the limelight belonged to, you know, painterly posing notwithstanding... One cut from her navel up to her neck, two along her shoulders and off went the T-shirt. Snap, one cut separating the two cups of her simple, white-satin bra, snap, snap, two cuts for the shoulder straps and her bra bit the dust. There, I had a bare-chested woman, with rock-hard nipples. Good thing the scissors were sturdy, the type that tailors use, because jeans were tough and, to add insult to injury, they were tight. I took care but was not, could not be wholly successful in preventing hurt. Kathleen flinched a few times. I tried to cut the waistband a few times to start with, but to no avail. In the end, we agreed to undo the button, lower the zipper and create some slack that way. Then I cut and tore the fabric, cut and tore - until she was in her panties. Simple white cotton, no frills. Two cuts at the side, they fell down and she was naked, complete with sprawling unkempt bush - don't care for the word 'bush' but it applied here. And, since I was close, I could sense her arousal. As I said, she had a full figure and was, truth be said, a fair-looking woman-next-door, no beauty, no ugly duckling. Just nice. Attractive in an unassuming way. Woman-next-door? Well, maybe not. She did have an abundance of flair.
Having completed my end of the bargain, she was ready to start hers. I lay down on the ottoman. My butt was on the edge, my feet on either side, my torso leant back, propped up by my arms. Naked Kathleen was seriously considering the job in hand. Considering my cunt, to be precise. A new sensation, to know that someone was actually studying my sex. And bear in mind that we were not alone either. Dozens of people surrounded us, also concentrating on my sex. But it felt as if it was just her and me.
Kathleen wasted no time. Started pulling on strands of my pubic hair and carefully snipping away each one. As I said, this was the first time someone paid my sex so much close attention. More so than anyone ever before, including myself. Of course, I had studied my cunt in the mirror. Most every woman of my generation will have done. But only for a minute or two. And pubic hair provided cover at the time. Kathleen was rendering me bald and would therefore be the first woman to see my sex up close, ever, including me, in its glaringly nude state. The whole procedure will have taken fifteen minutes, three-quarter thereof spent on cutting, one-quarter on shaving. Kathleen was expert and didn't pinch my skin once. Oh, yes, it was so exciting, arousing. I can't express it any other way. I was in the zone. Silent Kathleen was concentrated on her work and in a zone of her own. Finally, there was the murmuring crowd of the audience.
The moment came when Kathleen was done and helped me to my feet. I whispered, 'Let me see!' Kathleen turned around and asked around, in clear voice, 'Does anyone have a hand-mirror?' A woman elbowed her way through the bystanders and handed her one, which Kathleen then handed to me. Everyone watched me as I placed my feet apart and positioned the mirror between my legs. I studied my sex with great concentration. I reemphasise that I had not seen it bare since I was young. Of course, I had seen nude cunts of other women in photographs, so, I can't say I didn't know what a cunt looked like. But they are all different and your own is always special. Frankly, I was breathless! I, Narcissa! A woman's sex is so complex, so tender and soft...
My reveries were rudely interrupted by the main man of the evening. I was now stealing his time and thunder, I guess. So, I handed the hand-mirror back to the rightful owner and Kathleen and I joined the audience. We stayed together during his performance. We didn't really disappear either. It wasn't really in the cards and we remained at least a sideshow. Two naked women... Simply irresistible.
Before I close this account ofMy First Performance, you'll want to hear about Charles' performance. I have explained the idea - not spectacular, but interesting enough. He would be naked and the idea was: how would his erection develop depending on what the audience would do to him? We were allowed to do anything but touch - because that would be too obvious. We could talk to him, we could look at him, any way we'd like, from a distance, from up close, we could dance, take off our tops or all of our clothes... Anything but touch. Kathleen and I had tacitly decided to keep our distance; our naked appearance might do the trick all too easily.
So, he stood in the centre of the space - the ottoman and stuff had been removed - with his wrists handcuffed behind his back; this was designed to keep him from covering his member and symbolise his supposed helplessness. He was one skinny dude, hairy at that. Including his pubes - he, who wouldn't accept mine hairy, but had different standards for himself. Some fifty of us surrounded him, at a polite distance. Lord knows who took the initiative, but soon the crowd started pacing around him, around and around, clockwise as it happened. From time to time someone stepped out and struck a pose or said something. Interestingly enough, the first erection was triggered by a friend of his dropping his trousers and stroking his own cock. Despite the protagonist being a self-professed heterosexual, his cock immediately reacted. His face too: he blushed. After this, men and women mooned him, showed him their tits, or cock or cunt, or said something lewd to him, laughed at him or said something dull, newspaper style, or just stood there, dressed and silent. The point is: after he first got hard, he didn't get soft again until his half-hour was up. Okay, the hardness varied somewhat, but further down than half-mast his member didn't sink. When the alarm rang, a girl had been standing facing him for at least five minutes, dropping her gaze down to his cock and raising it back up to his eyes, in a continuous cycle. Hypnotic. He for one was hypnotised.
When the alarm bell rang and Charles was applauded, he didn't acknowledge the acclaim. Instead, he and the girl kept looking each other in the eyes, until she broke the spell, smiled and led him out of the room by the elbow. I hear they made out in a toilet stall - handcuffed and all? In any case, they were away for ten minutes and he was slack when they reappeared.
My boyfriend said afterwards that Charles had still been a virgin and he wanted to blow his way out of that space. Mission accomplished. Good for him.
During the after-party, Kathleen and I circulated and chatted, frequently joined by interested men or women who paid their respects and inquired about how it was for us, had we done it before, would we be doing it again and so on. Kathleen and I were openly stimulating ourselves off and on, while conducting polite conversation. Being nude and seen by many was a real kick, especially with my now bare mound. Kathleen and I had been keeping each other in check - our arousals were slowly building, in tandem. We withdrew at the same moment, closed our eyes and reached our climaxes within ten seconds of each other. My first public orgasm! What a kick!
My performance and its aftermath were a kick on the night, but more importantly: life-changing. I had discovered I got off on being seen in public. Iwoulddo it again!
All the same, the moment came when I was spent. I hugged Kathleen and Charles, got dressed, collected Stephen and left.
I would do it again. When Stephen and I walked home, I said so much. He simply said, 'Are you sure?' I replied in the affirmative. He said he knew of a place and he would talk to the manager. Needless to say, we made energetic love that night. My next performance was three months later.
And the rest is history. Here we are, four years later.
d. Meeting Joseph and coming to an agreement
After sleeping over it for the weekend, I call Joseph on Monday. I tell him I am positively disposed to his proposal and want to meet to discuss details. We agree on meeting for dinner the next day.
One of the best restaurants in the city. I guess he proposed a public venue because it is public and therefore safe. Who knows, I could have feared he would abduct or kill me. Truth is stranger than fiction.
'My dear Vanna, I am glad you came. I thought I knew you would come, but, really, I wasn't sure, I couldn't be.'
'Joseph, I am challenged and curious. And figured there would be little risk in meeting. Do you mind if I record our conversation? As a bit of insurance.'
'No, that's fine. I understand. By all means, record what we say.' I switch on my phone. 'Hello, this is Joseph Creighton on (date) in restaurant La Bonne Cuisine in (city). My national security number is (number) and my address (address). I hereby declare that I intend to commission a set of performances from the artist known as Vanna X. I intend to stretch her to breaking point, but not beyond. We will discuss the necessary safeguards.'
'Wow, Joseph. You take all this very seriously. I am glad. To breaking point, but not beyond...'
He smiles, shyly, and we look at each other in silence for a few seconds. Joseph then suggests that we'll order first and get our meals started, before we dive into what he has in mind.
We order and, with that out of the way, he starts off.
'First of all, what I have in mind is four performances on four consecutive Friday nights. That will give you an entire weekend to recover, before you have to teach again.'
'That is very thoughtful, Joseph. I probably need to recover, as I am sure you mean business. Which will be a challenge to me, but that is the game I am in. Please continue.'
'I really want to challenge you. I want to see you shift your boundaries. I want to make you suffer. Yes, suffer, not quasi or pseudo. Really suffer.'
'But what does suffering mean? I don't want to kill myself.'
'Clear. That makes two of us. Suffering... You should live and not be invalidated to any degree. Well, it will be hard to avoid minor scars.'
'Scars... emphasis on minor. And not on my face, or head, or hands or feet. Not anywhere on my body that may be bare in public. I am a schoolteacher, remember. Bit of a pillar of society.'
He smiles, 'How about mental scars?'
'Well, I like a challenge. But even I can be traumatised. I want to stay clear of trauma.'
'A challenge is what you will get. What I want to expose you to are things that you detest, that you would never do of your own accord.'
'Well, well... How will you know?'
'I won't... I may see it in your eyes or sense it from your body language. But I expect you to tell me.'
'Okay for now. Facing challenges is the game I am in, for better or for worse. But why are you in this game? What is in it for you?'
'I was afraid of you asking me this question. Because in the final analysis I don't know. Call me a sadist, hopefully one with style. Seeing a woman suffer fulfils me. Not brutal, blunt suffering, but suffering in some stylised, artful way. I have seen women whipped, caned and what have you, but have decided that doesn't do it for me. I heard of you, have now seen you twice and felt driven to make my proposal to you.'
'Wow. A man who admits to being a sadist. There is a first for everything. I am not judging you, as long as I can bear the challenge and remain safe and whole.'
'I will do my utmost to make sure you are.'
We are silent for a moment and look each other deep in the eye. He then says, 'So, are you in? I will give you 10,000 for the four performances. I will explain each one in detail on the Monday before each Friday. That way, you and your boyfriend will have a handful of days to vet the machinery and procedures and indicate any real challenges to your safety.'
'You ARE serious. I presume we'll formalise our agreement, including your guaranteeing my safety, in a contract?'
'Good point and yes, we will. In addition, I will engage an independent expert to vet each performance, including machinery and procedures, and keep an eye on things on the nights. He is an engineer and experienced Dominant'
'Great. I will feel safe. I am in. Can you give me an indication of what manner of performance I'll be in for?'
'Not in any detail. An element of surprise must remain. You will know each Monday what will be happening to you... with you on the following Friday. The smallest of hints: the four themes for the series of Fridays will be Earth, Water, Air and Fire, the classical elements. Not necessarily in this order.'
'Fine, thank you. You have succeeded in wetting my appetite. I am imagining things already...'
Joseph hesitates a moment and then says, 'There is one important detail I want to discuss. We agreed no major scars and that is fine. But I offer you a bonus of half your fee, so 5000, if you will agree to accept to be branded with my initials, JC. As part of theFireperformance.'
'Well, no to that, please.'
'I accept your no, but just want to plead that you take your time and think about it before saying no.'
My turn to hesitate...
'A brand is so definitive. I readl'Histoire d'Oand one of the sections that most shocked me was that about the branding, and the depth of the brand. They don't even do that to cows anymore. Then, a brand is generally a mark of ownership. I will not be owned by anyone. And I don't mean to say goodbye to my boyfriend Stephen in a hurry either.'
'My brand, should you accept it, is aimed at being like O's, yes. So, will be permanent, yes. On your right buttock. I don't mean to own you, however. Or rather, will only own you for the duration of the performances. Hence, will just be a reminder that I owned you for a short spell.'
'Owned me for a short spell, but marking me forever.'
'Yes, that is what I desire. But do rest assured, it is an option.'
'Have you branded any women before? Did you ever own a woman?'
'I have owned a woman, that is: she accepted my ownership, but I didn't brand her. Didn't dare.'
'And you would dare mark me, whom you will never own.'
'Yes, I do. Because you have an open mind.'
'I will agree to think about it, but don't count on my answer changing.'
'Vanna, that is all I can ask at this point. And if it helps, I raise my offer to 10,000 for the brand.'
'Wow. You do really want to brand me. I have to be honest, I am attracted to radicality of the act, of the fact that it will remain on me ass forever, for as long as I live. But I am repulsed by the ownership aspect, that fact that you will be able to say to your friends and relations: there is a woman in the world who bears my mark of ownership.'
'I understand. So, I agree to contractually register that I will never name or indicate you to anyone else. Penalty, a further 10,000. We'll agree on a suitable clause.'
'I will think about it.'
'Thank you.'
The rest of the dinner conversation is spent on getting to know each other better. Joseph may be a sadist but he does have style and is a courteous man. This helps me and prevents my stomach from getting tied in a knot. Because I am convinced there is a devil in his disguise, who will want to bring me to breaking point. But I believe him when he says: not beyond.
I am excited when we say goodbye for now. We have agreed to aim for having the first performance on the fourth Friday from now.

END of PART ONE