This story picks up where Chapter. 03a left off.
*****
"I don't know how much I liked that," I said.
"I think you liked it a lot," Rachel said with a wink, motioning to the semen I'd splattered all over my belly.
"No, I mean, yeah, I just," I sputtered. "I'm confused. You teasing my friends is one thing. You guys getting each other off is something else."
"They didn't get me off," she said. "I didn't cum until just now with you."
"But Andrew practically fucked you," I said.
"No he didn't," she said. "He just rubbed against me some. It's not my fault if your friends find me so sexy they can't help orgasming around me."
"You certainly gave him a lot of help," I said.
She sat back down on the bed next to me and stroked my head.
"I'm sorry, baby. I was just playing around with him because I knew it'd get you all worked up," she said. "I figured, if we were making your friends take part in our little sex games, we can't get mad if they cum."
I don't know how her messing around with my friends became our sex game. But I couldn't deny how hard it made me cum every time, so I couldn't get too upset.
"It just makes me feel less special if you're getting naked and getting them off too," I said.
"Aww, baby," she cooed. "You are special. I can't help if guys jerk off to me. But you're the only one who gets me off. Sure, your friends get me all worked up when they fondle my wet, naked body and rub their hard cocks against my pussy, but I don't cum until I'm back with you."
I wanted to protest that the guys humping her isn't the same as them jerking off, but her point was made. The guys could have their fun, but she'd always end back with me. It may not be what I envisioned, but the difference between them just, say, trying to peek at her cleavage and them playing with her boobs weren't that different in the grand scheme of things. But they couldn't make her cum. That was my job.
"You still don't need to go out of your way to get them off," I said. "They've seen and felt you naked some, which is fine, I guess. But I don't want to set the precedent that they can come to you and you'll get them off."
She agreed and kissed me. I was still worried that she would get caught up in the heat of the moment and break these rules. She's getting incredibly turned on during this too. More turned on than she ever did with just me alone. But I didn't want to get too paranoid. I definitely felt better after talking to her. I felt even better after finally cleaning all the cum off me and getting dressed.
I was glad we were heading to the public beach today. Rachel couldn't keep her clothes on in this house and decency laws would at least force her to keep covered out in public. Kyle and Andrew even bailed on coming at all, since they probably assumed the same and they both just spent half the morning playing with her naked body. I had no doubt she'd try her best to tease me and Mike anyway, but I was relieved to know there was at least a limit. Each of my friends had already seen every inch of her naked body, so it's not like she could really do anything she hadn't already.
I was chosen to drive us to the beach because my car was blocking everyone else's since I'd arrived last. Mike and I were each dressed in board shorts and light shirts. We'd fully packed the car with towels and a cooler by the time Rachel finally made her way outside in a pair of short shorts and a white crop top. It had a wide neck, so one of the sleeves hung down off her shoulder, and was partially see through in the bright sun. It would have made a fine swimsuit coverup, except she had no top on underneath. Just the thin, translucent shirt, then her large, wobbling breasts and dark areola. She was clearly going to try her best to tease, despite the decency laws.
"Where's your swimsuit, babe?" I asked.
"I want to stop at a shop in town to get a new one," she said. "My one-piece would be indecent in public and the bikini is all dirty and sandy."
"I'd love to help you pick one out," Mike said, his eyes glued to her gently swaying breasts and his smirk showing his intentions were far from virtuous. My mind flashed to her dressing and undressing in front of him. I groaned.
"Don't be silly, you guys should enjoy the beach," she said. "I'll be quick."
I was surprised she turned him down, but I wasn't about to argue. I got in the driver seat and Rachel got in the other side, forcing Mike to the backseat. I was once again surprised she turned down an opportunity to fool around with him back there. Maybe we actually could enjoy a low-key afternoon together.
Mike grilled Rachel on the drive over about what type of swimsuit she would get. She kept demurring, saying she'd see what they had there. He kept encouraging her to get something that would minimize tanlines and she just rolled her eyes. She pulled her hair together in a bun as we drove over, and the top lifted up past the bottom of the breasts as she did so.
"You want me to prance around in public wrapped in dental floss, and look at you," she said, turning to the back seat. "Baggy board shorts, you coward."
"Sexy swimsuits are an option for women," Mike said. "Guys just look silly in those little Euro speedos."
"Maybe a bit silly," she said. "But it's sexy seeing a guy with the confidence to let himself just hang out like that."
We made it into town and found the public beach. Rachel spotted a swimsuit shop across the street and made me stop the car so she could hop out.
"Text me where you guys end up," she said, leaning back in the window.
"Hold on a sec," Mike said, undoing his seatbelt and hopping out to join her.
"I said I didn't need help," she said.
"I know, I just thought you were right," he said. "I can't tell you to get a nice tan while I'm wearing these huge things." He tugged at his board shorts.
"Do you think a speedo will even contain your...huge thing?" she asked with a giggle.
"We'll see if you can stuff it in there or not," he said. She laughed and rolled her eyes.
"Wait," I said, my heart rising in my throat. Just a moment ago, everything felt low-key. Now, suddenly, they're on their way to dual fashion show. "I'll just park and we can go in together."
"No, we need you to find a spot on the beach for us," Mike said. "It can get crowded."
"Don't worry, baby," Rachel said. "We'll be there as soon as we can."
I didn't know what else to say, so I just nodded. As they walked to the shop, he draped his arm across her back and dropped his hand into the back pocket of her shorts, giving her firm rump a strong squeeze. Her hand drifted to his butt and squeezed back. The familiar mix of arousal and humiliation rose up in me as I watched them grope each other on the way into the shop. I hated how familiar they'd already become with each others' bodies, but I couldn't deny it made my heart race. I took a deep breath, reminded myself that we were in public so nothing really could happen, and turned into the beach parking lot.
The beach was not crowded at all. I mean, there were plenty of people there, but the idea that I had to save us a spot was a joke. I set up our towels and cooler on an empty spot of beach at least 50 yards away from anyone else, then covered myself with sun lotion and laid back. I heard my phone chime and fished it out of my bag to see I'd missed a number of messages in a group chat that was me, the three guys and Rachel.
Mike: [Guys, Rachel needs help picking out a new bathing suit. What do you think of these?]
Next followed two pictures of my girlfriend in different bikinis, one green and one black, in a dressing room. I could see Mike reflected in the mirror, taking the pictures. I hoped that she changed alone, but the pictures were only sent two minutes apart, so probably not. At least that meant she wasn't naked for long.
Kyle: [Both look pretty much the same to me.]
Andrew: [What do the backs look like?]
Two more pictures came through. The first showing her wearing the black one from the back. The bottoms were full coverage from her waist to about halfway down her butt, where they cut in leaving the bottom half of her plump cheeks hanging out. The next was her wearing the green bikini, and this one was more triangular in shape, but still left at least half of her butt on display. I zoomed in and realized I didn't see the strings from her top across her back. I guess it didn't matter since they wanted to see the back of the bottoms, but I was annoyed she was topless.
Kyle: [Wow, both very nice.]
Andrew: [Your butt is incredible, Rachel.]
Rachel: [Lol thank you. You keep reminding me.]
Kyle: [So it's bikinis then? I liked the way the one-piece showed off your ass.]
Rachel: [Of course you did. And how my tits kept flying out I'm sure.]
Mike: [We want reduced tanlines, so we're looking at bikinis.]
I wasn't sure who the 'we' was in that situation, but I guess it didn't matter. A couple more bikini pictures followed, none of them that different from each other. I smiled, betting that the guys were frustrated the shop didn't have more revealing options. I finally reached the end of the thread.
Andrew: [Lol, Brian still hasn't chimed in.]
Me: [Sorry, just saw the notifications. They all look nice. Rachel, which do you like?]
I wanted to remind them she wasn't some doll they could dress up and drool over. She was a person. My girlfriend, specifically.
Rachel: [The problem is, I like these bottoms the best...]
Mike sent a picture of her in the black bottoms from earlier. It gave me a jolt, though, because it was a full-body pic and she wasn't wearing a top. Her hair was pulled in front of her shoulder, covering one breast, but the other one was completely exposed, nipple hard, for the camera. She had a cheesy grin on her face, clearly not at all concerned that this guy she met a few days ago was taking a topless picture of her. Before I could respond, the next ones came in.
Rachel: [But this top the best...]
The next picture from Mike was of course a full-body pic of her just wearing the top. The top itself was nice, if maybe a little small in the chest for her. Her generous bust overflowed each side of the two orange triangles. But we were also treated to the sight of her exposed bush framed by her cute tummy, the sloping arc of her wide hips and her soft, thick thighs. She could have covered it, but instead stood there smiling with her hands on her hips.
Mike: [Here's the top from behind.]
The next picture was her wearing the same top, but you could only see the strings hanging down her naked back. Clearly, that wasn't the point of the pic, though. She still wasn't wearing any bottoms, so the guys now had a picture of her beautiful juicy ass whenever they wanted.
Me: [You could have worn the other half of the bathing suit for those pics :-( ]
I felt lame sending a frowny emoji, but I didn't know what else to do.
Rachel: [Ugh, Mike was supposed to crop them before sending!!]
Then Mike sent a smirking emoji.
Me: [Mike doesn't need those pictures either.]
Rachel: [Oh it's fine. They've all seen me naked before, so it doesn't really matter if they see my parts again.]
I knew she was right. I just worried about where else those pics could end up.
Me: [Why don't you just wear the two of them together? Orange and black don't clash.]
Rachel: [Yeah true]
I didn't hear anything more from then for a little while. I kept expecting them to show up on the beach, but they didn't. I finally texted Rachel, asking how it was going. A moment later I received a video call from her. I answered it and her face appeared, still in the store's dressing room.
"We've been trying to find a speedo for Mike, but, uh," she said and giggled. "We've hit a bit of a snag."
She switched the camera to the one facing Mike. He was wearing a speedo alright, and the problem was immediately clear. His huge dick was rock hard and there was nowhere near enough material to keep it covered. His rod was pointing straight up, practically to his belly button and the swimsuit only came up to his waist, leaving the last couple inches of his dick's wide shaft and the entirety of its bulbous, throbbing head exposed.
"Come on, I don't need to see that," I said.
"Don't be a prude," Rachel said. "Anyway, we keep trying to tuck it in..." She reached over with her free hand and grabbed the top of the shaft. I let out an involuntary gasp. I knew she'd had a hand on each of their dicks before, but seeing her do it again in front of me without regard stung me. Her little hand could barely make it around his huge meat. She pushed it down to the side, trying to tuck the giant head under the waistband. When she finally kind of succeeded and let go, his boner pushed the material away from his body obscenely. Then, a moment later, the material slipped away and his boner popped back into vertical position.
Mike and Rachel both giggled.
"So we don't know what to do with it," she said, grabbing his dick again. She didn't have a reason to this time, but did anyway. She probably just likes the way it feels, I thought with a groan.
"I guess he can't wear them," I said, watching her hand on his engorged shaft. I thought I could see her moving it up and down too, but I couldn't tell in the grainy video.
"You're no fun," she said. "Do you have any ideas?"
Mike shifted to the side and I could see behind them to the mirror. And it looked like...
"Rachel, are you naked??" I practically shouted.
"Oh, uh, yeah," she said. "I was changing back into my street clothes and got distracted I guess."
"No wonder he's got a boner," I said. I knew they'd make a point to flash each other during this, but her hanging out completely naked and pulling on his hard cock was way more than that. "Just leave him be and it'll be fine."
"I can't just do that to him," she said. Then I saw her look back at the dressing room door, then back to the camera in surprise. "Shit. There's someone else using the dressing rooms. A mom and her kid I think. Gotta go."
Before I could say anything else, she kissed at the camera and hung up. I steamed. We'd just talked that morning about how she shouldn't go out of her way to play around with my friends, and here she's already naked in a dressing room with my huge-dicked buddy. I felt the boner growing in my shorts and quickly laid a towel across it. I wanted to roll over and press it into the sand, but I didn't have anyone to lotion my back and I didn't want to burn.
Several minutes of excruciating boner-throbbing silence went by before my phone buzzed again. It was a picture message to our group chat and it made me gasp out loud. Mike sent the picture. It showed my girlfriend's top half. Her adorable blushing smile, her amazing breasts and puckered dark nipples. And her neck to the bottom of her tits were absolutely covered in Mike's cum.
Andrew: [Holy shit.]
Kyle: [Omggggg]
Mike: [Heh heh]
Me: [What the fuck??!?!]
Mike: [Whoops, wrong thread.]
Wrong thread? So he meant to only send it to them? What the fuck was going on.
Me: [What the fuck happened??]
Rachel: [What happened is that Mike didn't fucking warn me.]
Mike: [She wanted to swallow it all but I wanted to paint her fat tits.]
Rachel: [That's not true!! You were supposed to warn me so you didn't cum all over me!! Now I'm covered in cum in this public dressing room.]
I moved to the private thread between me and her. Adrenaline surged through me. I could barely type, my hands were shaking so bad. This was too far. I'd almost gotten used to my friends seeing my girlfriend naked basically whenever they wanted to. But now she was just going to let them jerk off onto her naked tits? Sure, Kyle and Andrew had already busted loads on her, but they said that was by accident. She was acting upset in her texts, but that huge smile on her face showed she felt much differently in the moment.
Me: [What happened?! What'd you do??]
Rachel: [We're paying for the suits now, I'll tell you when we get there. Don't worry, I wasn't bad ;-) ]
Wasn't bad? She clearly let my friend bust a load on her naked body. She was at least acting like that wasn't planned, but still. I felt like a moron for letting them go into that shop alone. Mike was going to talk her clothes off, and then push for more. He was such a prick sometimes, and now he could always lord over me that he'd sprayed my girlfriend's tits before I had. Thankfully, he didn't know that. And I'd never asked her to let me. But still.
I finally saw them heading toward me through the sand. I waved and Rachel waved back. As they approached, I saw a group of six guys following several steps behind. They couldn't have been older than 20. Rachel was only wearing the black bikini bottoms down below, so they were no doubt following her half-naked ass wherever it led them.
When Rachel and Mike reached me, I was surprised to discover that she was still only wearing her crop-top. The sun must have gotten even brighter, because her dark nipples were dead obvious through the thin fabric. The beach breeze pushed it tight against her chest, framing the bulge of her breasts perfectly. It almost felt more obscene than being topless.
"Hey baby," she said, leaning down to kiss me.
"Hey," I said. "What happened to your top?"
"Ugh," she said, rolling her eyes and shooting a dirty look Mike's way. "I had to use something to wipe all of Mike's goo off me. I wasn't thinking and just grabbed the top to do it. So we bought it, but I'm stuck wearing this today. Which sucks, because I wanted to work on my tan."
"The light seems to go through that shirt just fine," I said. She looked down at her near-naked chest and laughed.
"I guess you're right," she said. I noticed the guys had stopped about 10 yards away and were pretending to lay out their towels, though most of their effort was spent squinting at my girlfriend's chest. She sat down and started applying lotion to her soft, naked legs, which really got their attention.
"So what happened back there?" I asked. I would have preferred having this conversation without Mike there, but he was on her other side, so I'd just have to deal.
"Well, I hung up because of that mom and kid going into the room next to us," she said, rubbing the lotion into her legs, which made her hanging tits shake inside the see through shirt. "I wanted to get it over with and us out of there as quickly as possible, so I just yanked his speedo to the ground, grabbed his dick with both hands and just started pumping. I whispered to Mike to tell me when he was about to cum, and then he didn't."
"That's not all you whispered," Mike chimed in.
"No, but it was the first thing I whispered," she said.
"Wait wait wait," I said. "You jerked him off?"
"Yeah," she said. "But it wasn't like, for fun. It was to get us out of there."
"He could have done that himself," I said.
"Yeah, but I wanted us out of there quickly," she said. I was floored. I'd spent the previous 20 minutes mad that he jerked off onto her. Now knowing that she was the one who did it caused me such whiplash I couldn't even respond. "That's why I was dirty talking to him too."
"Not just any dirty talk," he said. "You told me to cum on your tits."
"I was just saying that," she said. "I didn't mean that for real. Just like how I haven't literally been having dreams about your giant cock ruining my pussy. I was just saying stuff to make you cum."
"It was kinda hard to tell it was a joke when you were jerking my cock right in front of your naked tits, saying 'I need your cum all over my body,'" he retorted.
"Whatever," she said. "You still should have warned me."
I was too stunned by the thought of her, naked and kneeling, jerking his huge dick to think about something to say. My dick raged in my shorts. I felt like if I breathed the wrong way I would cum right there.
"Anyway, that's what happened," she said. "Then we cleaned up and came here."
Just then, a frisbee landed with a thud in the sand in front of Rachel. We looked up and one of the guys nearby came jogging over after it.
"Sorry," he said, bending over to pick it up. His eyes never left Rachel's chest. He lingered a moment, then ran back to his friends.
"He likes your boobs," Mike said.
"Shut up," she said.
"He was staring the entire time," he said. "Right, Brian?"
They looked to me and I nodded. I'd forgotten she was still almost topless in public, with a group of very interested admirers right nearby. Rachel groaned.
"Not everything is some ploy for a guy to look at my chest," she said. "Their frisbee went too far and-" THUNK. It landed again right in front of us. This time a different guy ran over to pick it up. He stared at Rachel's near-naked chest as he did so, then stood standing there, scrunching his face.
"Do I know you?" he asked Rachel.
"Don't think so," she said, raising her hand to shield her eyes from the glare, causing her shirt to rise up and show a bit of underboob. He grinned.
"You don't go to State College?" he asked. She shook her head, her tits swaying back and forth as she did so. "Oh, well, you look like my classmate. Nevermind then." He lingered another moment, then ran back. I could hear the other guys stifling laughter when he returned.
"Ok, that was lame," she said. "Now I believe you." We laughed at their sophomoric antics and cracked open the cooler. She could roll with the punches so well, it had a way of disarming me. We opened beers and then Mike and I watched Rachel cover the rest of her front with sun lotion. She just reached up under her shirt to get her upper half, so we enjoyed the sight of her groping and squeezing her breasts under the thin shirt.
After that, we sat back and enjoyed the beers and hot summer sun. A slow, beautiful day, a cold beer and my smoking hot woman right by my side. What else could I guy want? Not having his friend there too, I thought. I wanted some alone time.
"I'm gonna go for a dip," I said, standing up. "Wanna come, Rachel?"
"But the sun feels so good," she said, squirming and stretching her arms over her head. Her shirt raised to expose her ribcage. My god, she was so sexy.
"Yeah, but cooling off would too," I said. But she wouldn't budge.
"You go ahead," she said. "I'll be fine."
I turned around and trudged down the beach. I wasn't really keen on swimming in the cold water, it was just an excuse to get her alone. But it didn't work, and I didn't want to lose face, so on I went. The water was freezing when I first got in, but I got used to it after a few minutes.
I turned back and saw Rachel walking across the sand with one of the boys back to his group. What the hell was going on? She got there and they all gawked at her as the one she walked back with gave her a drink from their cooler. Then she just stood there and talked to them. They all gave her their rapt attention, of course. Her incredible boobs were on display, who could blame them. I thought the trip to the public beach would mean no more exhibitions. I also figured that her games would be limited to my three friends. But here she was in a see through shirt, hanging out with a group of strangers and letting them stare at her beautiful naked breasts.
One of them reached in the cooler and pulled something else out. He then got up and walked behind Rachel. He was juggling the thing from hand to hand, so I guessed it was an ice cube. She was saying something, gesturing wildly (which probably made her boobs bounce around crazily), when he slid one hand down the back of her bikini bottom. He pulled it away from her body, gave a good look to what he saw inside, then slipped the ice cube in and let go.
She jumped and let out a howl I could hear from the water. She reached down the back of it, fishing out the ice cube and no doubt giving the rest of the guys a good look at her exposed crack in the process. She turned to the boy who'd done it, who was laughing and waving his hands like it was all a joke. She marched over to him, knelt down and yanked his swim trunks to his ankles. His naked dick bounced out in front of her and his friends.
Mortified, he reached down and pulled his trunks back up while the rest of them laughed. He then lunged after Rachel. She only made it a few steps before he was on top of her and pulled her to the sand in the middle of their little group. I could hear her squeal as they wrestled in the middle of the group of boys.
I tried to get out of the water to help her, but it proved a struggle. The waves knocked me over multiple times as I struggled to escape. By the time I made it out, she was already walking back to our towels. I hurried back up the sand to her. When I got close, I realized the price she paid to get back. Her top was gone. Her arm was slung across her naked breasts.
"What the hell happened?!" I asked.
"Ugh, those fucking brats," she said, sitting down with a huff. "Their threw their frisbee over here again, and this time it knocked over my beer. They offered to replace it with one of theirs, then that douche decided to jam ice into my ass." She started gesticulating with both arms as she talked, exposing her now actually naked breasts to the sunshine. Mike and I gawked as they jiggled and I'm sure the group of boys were craning their necks for a better look. "So I pantsed him, and then he tackled me and yanked my shirt off. They each got a good grope in before I could get away too."
I was fuming. If we wanted to, we could call that assault. Also, my girlfriend was now topless on a public beach. Rachel saw me start to boil.
"Don't be mad, baby," she said. "It's fine."
"It's not fine," I said. "They attacked you and now you're topless."
"We'll figure something out," she said.
"No, I'll get it back," I said and marched over to them. They stopped their snickering and looked up at me as I approached.
"Give it back," I said, my hand outstretched.
"Give what back?" asked the guy who'd stolen it.
"My girlfriend's top, you idiot," I said.
"She's your girlfriend?" he asked. "If she's walking around like that, then she isn't your girlfriend. She's on the prowl for something else." His friends laughed.
"Just give it back," I said. If they thought they could humiliate me by pointing out my girlfriend likes to prance around naked in front of other men, well...ok, it humiliated me. But also, I'd gotten pretty used to that humiliation in the past few days, and it wasn't going to stop me.
"Why would we give it back when we want to keep enjoying your girlfriend's tits?" he said.
"Because otherwise I'll call the police and tell them you assaulted her," I said.
"She assaulted me first!" he said. "She forcibly, violently, maliciously yanked my only clothes off of me because she wanted my hog so badly. She's lucky I'm a gentleman and let her keep her bottoms on." His friends laughed.
"You stuck ice in her ass," I said. "So she pantsed you. That seems like a fair trade. You holding onto a piece of her clothing is not."
"Who cares what's fair," he said. "I have something you want and I won't give it to you unless you give me something I want."
"And what's that?" I asked. He thought for a moment.
"Your girlfriend won't learn her lesson that it's wrong for her to strip people unless there's some sort of punishment," he said. "I'm willing to accept spanking."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"If she comes over here and lets me spank her, then she can have her shirt back," he said.
"Forget it," I said and walked back.
"No luck, huh?" Mike asked. I shook my head.
"What did they want?" asked Rachel.
"They said you need to be punished for stripping him," I said. "So if you let him spank you, he'll give it back."
"That's easy, then," she said, standing up.
"No, please, you don't have to," I said. "You can just wrap a towel around yourself and we'll head back."
"Really, it's no big deal," she said. "I thought they'd want me to blow them or something. If he just wants to slap my ass, I'll happily let him for my shirt back."
She sauntered over to them, hands covering her breasts. I watched her delicious bottom swing back and forth as she walked and couldn't believe she was about to let some stranger douchebag slap it. The guys cheered as she approached and I quickly jogged over.
"Fine, you limpdicks win," she said, turning around and presenting her half-covered ass to them. Her soft cheeks glowed in the bright sun. "You get a slap, then I want my shirt back."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," said the guy with her shirt. "I didn't say just a slap on the ass. I said you need to be punished for what you did." He sat back on his towel and motioned to his lap. "You need to lay over your daddy like the bad girl you are."
"Ugh, fine," she said, rolling her eyes and kneeling in the sand next to him.
"Naked," he said.
"Come on, this is getting ridiculous," I said. "Just give her her shirt back."
"No, it's fine," she said. A blush went across her face that told me she was embarrassed, but thrilled he suggested she remove her last bit of clothing. She removed one hand from her breasts and draped the other arm across both of them, giving us a brief flash of both hard nipples in the process. She used her free hand to push one side of her bottoms over her hips, then the other, giving us a peek at her landing strip. She then pushed the bottoms down off her thighs and they dropped to the sand. She covered her crotch with her free hand and kicked her bottoms over to me.
"Hold onto those for me, baby," she said.
"Damn, your girlfriend got naked for me real quick," he said. I wanted to retort, but I knew he was right. She didn't push back at all. I could see with the way she blushed and quickly looked to each of their faces, seeing their eyes glued to her naked body, that she loved where this was heading.
"Now let's get this over with," she said, kneeling down next to him. She draped herself over his lap, removing her hands and giving us a great view of her swaying naked breasts as she got situated. Her tummy rested mostly on his thighs, her bare ass presented up on his right side. He wasted no time, rubbing her bare ass.
"How many spanks is appropriate, do you guys think?" he asked, giving her cheeks a few squeezes. I couldn't believe he was going to get a good grope out of this too. I expected her to stop him, but she didn't seem to mind at all. "Twenty? Thirty?"
"Jesus Christ, we agreed to one," I said.
"Nuh uh," he said. "We agreed she needed to be spanked, not how many times. Maybe we should do thirty for each of us so you two learn to negotiate better."
"Fuck that," I said. "Five for you and that's it."
"Twenty," he said.
"Listen, ten for you and that's it, or you get none at all," Rachel said. "I can feel your little boner in my stomach and know how badly you want this."
"Ten for me, but she has to say, 'I'm such a naughty slut,' before each one," he said, continuing to rub and squeeze her ass as we talked.
"Fine," Rachel said, before I could interject. "I'm such a naughty slut."
The douchebag grinned, reared back, and slapped her butt as hard as he could. The impact rippled across her juicy ass and thighs and she let out a little yelp. She said she was a naughty slut again and he slapped again. I realized a few of his friends had walked behind her and I joined them to see what kind of view they were getting. I couldn't be sure, but it seemed like she was lifting her ass up higher than she needed to, which caused her cheeks and thighs to part and present us a peek at her red labia and dark asshole.
"I'm such a naughty slut," she said. SLAP. She grunted. "I'm such a naughty slut," she moaned. SLAP. She gasped. They did this a few more times and her declarations got breathier. I could see his other hand working under her and I drifted around to that side. His hand was pinned under her chest, one of her plump breasts pressed into it. He squeezed and groped it as he continued to spank her. Once again, I couldn't believe she was letting this asshole get away with groping wherever he wanted. I tried to get a look at her face, but her hair hid it from view. After the ninth slap I spoke up.
"Ok, one more," I said.
"Such a shame," the douchebag said.
"I'm such a naughty slut," she said. But he didn't spank her.
"I'm sad our time is already up," he said, rubbing her red ass. "You sure you don't want any more?"
"Just spank her and let us get out of here," I said.
"I'm pretty sure she wants more," he said. He dipped his hand between her thighs and she moaned. "Oh yeah, she's definitely loving this." He pushed his hand deeper into her thighs and she gasped. She grabbed his wrist and pulled it out.
"One more spank, asshole," she said.
He held up his hand and spread his first two fingers. Just as I feared, they'd been in her vagina. Her hot, dripping vagina. Her juices dangled off his two fingers and he smiled as we all saw. He made a big show of sucking the juice off one finger, then the other. I burned with shame. This wasn't a punishment. My girlfriend was loving that this douchebag was spanking and groping her nude body in front of all her friends. My erection strained at the front of my shorts. Thankfully, the guys were distracted by my naked, quivering girlfriend and didn't notice.
"You taste delicious, darling," he said. "I just want you to know, I really enjoyed our time together." He reared back and slapped her ass one last time.
She pulled herself off of him, not bothering to cover herself at all. She grabbed her shirt from next to him and stood up. We all followed her bouncing breasts.
"Let's go Brian," she said, turning and walking back toward our towels without putting anything on. I followed her naked figure back. Her ass was bright red and she rubbed it gingerly as we returned.
"You guys have fun with your new friends?" Mike asked as we arrived back.
"Shut up," I said, handing Rachel her bottoms back.
"That'll give them jerk-off material for months," she said as she bent over, slipping her bottoms back on. With how wet she was, it'd give her jerk-off material for months too. And who am I kidding, for me too. She sat back down on her towel between us and then laid down on her stomach, balling her top up underneath her head. "I think I'll work on my tan now."
"I'll lotion you up," Mike quickly volunteered. I thought about protesting, but I was tired of arguing at this point and just let him. He'd try to cop some feels of her, but she clearly didn't mind and that felt tame compared to everything else.
I laid back as he straddled her ass and squirt a bunch of lotion on her back. He rubbed it into her back and arms, then down her sides, spending plenty of time on the sides of her breasts where they bulged out from underneath her. He probably wanted her to lift up so he could grope her more thoroughly, but she stayed on the towel, sighing contentedly.
He moved down her and spread lotion across her legs before returning to her butt. He started by very adequately covering the half of her meaty cheeks that stuck out from under the suit bottoms. Then he started pushing his fingers under the top and bottom edges. Soon, he reached both hands fully under her bottoms and groped her ass as she hummed happily. After I don't know how long, he finally got bored and removed his hands from her.
"Thanks Mike, that was a wonderful massage," she said.
"I'll continue it if you flip over," he said.
"Ok," she said, sleepily rolling over under him. Her naked breasts rocked back and forth in the bright sun as she settled in.
"You should probably put your top back on," I said. She whined.
"I wanna get a tan though," she said. She sat up and looked around. Her breasts popping back into view definitely got the attention of the douchebag and his friends, but no one else was close enough to notice. "They've already seen me," she said, motioning to them.
I relented. Mike smiled and started with her feet, before working her way up to her legs. He spent a lot of time rubbing lotion into her thick thighs. Rachel spread her legs some and Mike stared straight at her crotch, barely covered by the thin suit. He rubbed her thighs up and down, from her knees to the edge of her small suit. Once her thighs were glistening, he moved one hand to work on her lower tummy, rubbing the edge of her suit from every side, pushing it closer and closer until it barely covered her landing strip and lips. She hummed with pleasure.
Mike scooted a bit closer between her legs and started rubbing under her suit like he had with the other side.
"I think she's covered just fine there," I said.
"It's fine," she cooed. "Just want to be, hmmmm, uh, covered."
He had both hands under her suit now, rubbing on either side of her mons. I saw her suit bulge as he brought both hands down the front of her crotch, rubbing his hands through her pubic hair, over her clit and between her lips.
"Oh my god," she moaned, bringing her hands up to squeeze her tits and tweak her nipples. His hands continued working under her suit. She grunted and her hips trembled.
My heart raced. Everything else that happened this week happened while I wasn't there or was otherwise coerced or incapacitated. But here Mike was brazenly rubbing her naked pussy, and she was doing nothing to stop him. Worse, she was losing herself in it. I didn't expect they'd ever be this brazen, and I didn't know how to respond. I didn't know if I wanted to. Part of me wanted to see him get her off. But I thought back to earlier. I was special because I was the only one who got her off. Though my dick wanted them to keep going in the moment, this time my brain and heart won out.
"Remember what you said," I told her. I could tell she wasn't about to orgasm, but she was definitely heading in that direction.
"I know baby," she said, cracking her eyes open and looking at me through a haze of lust. "But he feels so fucking good." I didn't respond, and she groaned. "Ok, Mike that's enough," she said, pulling his hands out of her suit and pulling him closer. "Do my top now."
Mike sat up and scooched closer between her legs. She lifted them up and rested her thighs on top of his and wrapped her legs around his back. Their crotches pressed together. Mike put some more lotion in his hands and rubbed it into her tummy and ribcage before moving onto her naked, heaving tits. She laid her arms on the sand above her head to give him complete access. He took advantage, covering her tits with lotion. He rubbed, squeezed, shook and pinched them as she writhed underneath him, moaning.
I felt my dick grow rock hard as Mike molested my girlfriend to her delight. I don't know how long they went at it, but it felt endless. Their hips rocked too as they shamelessly humped each other in front of me. Finally, Rachel said that was enough and lifted his hands off her. He sat back up, she looked at him and said, "Oh my god!" I immediately saw. His giant dick was once again completely erect and sticking out of his small suit.
"You can't blame me, can you?" he asked with a laugh.
"You have to cover it up," she said, sitting up, grabbing it and trying to stuff it back in his suit. He just leaned back as she futilely pushed and pulled it in every direction. His giant snake was not gonna get back in his suit. Especially while her naked, glistening tits bounced and shook right in front of him with every tug.
"What do we do?" she asked, looking into his eyes while she gripped the top half of his huge erection with her hands.
"We could go behind there," he said, motioning to a small bathroom building a little ways away. She looked over at it.
"Good idea," she said, standing up. "Brian, we'll be right back. I have to help Mike fit back in his suit."
"Are you going to, uh...take care of him?" I asked, my throat dry. My girlfriend was telling me she was going off to give my friend a handjob.
"It'll only fit back in if it's soft," she said. "He can't walk past all those families like this."
"It's a public beach," I said. "What if someone sees you?" I don't know why I was protesting the venue and not the act itself. Whatever it took to stop it, I guess.
"You'll have to stand watch," Mike said.
"Good idea," she said to him. "Come on." Somehow, my issue was batted away that quickly, and they took that as tacit approval.
They headed toward the bathrooms, arms around each other, and I followed after with a mild sense of panic. When we got there, they headed around the corner, letting the building shield them from the main part of the beach.
"You stay there and make sure no one sees," Mike said as I rounded the corner. My brain screamed at me to stop this, but my boner raged that it must go on. I muttered an okay and Rachel dropped to her knees in front of him. She pulled his suit to the sand and his angry cock bobbed right in front of her face.
I didn't realize until this moment that if he needed to cum, he could have just masturbated. My girlfriend didn't have to do it for him. Somehow, though, that was never considered. Mike wanted her to jerk him off, that was no surprise. But she wouldn't have gone along with it unquestioningly unless she was also dying to jerk him off. For the second time that day. I could have said something too, and I realized I didn't because deep down, I wanted her to too.
She grabbed his cock with both hands and pumped.
"I said make sure no one sees," Mike said.
"Oh, uh, right," I mumbled. With great reluctance, I turned and looked back out to the beach. I couldn't believe that not only was I to let my girlfriend service another guy, I wasn't allowed to watch. The group of guys were looking our way, but no one else was close by.
"Put your mouth on it," he said.
"Hey, come on," I said, turning back. "Isn't it enough that she's jacking you off?"
"I'll cum faster if you blow me," he said. Rachel looked from me to him and back. My stomach roiled and my boner burned.
"How about this?" she asked. She pinned his shaft to his stomach with one hand, leaned forward and licked back and forth across his swollen balls. "Is this okay, baby?" she went on. "Can I suck on his balls?" She pulled one into her mouth and hummed. He leaned back against the wall and groaned. I could see her tongue in her mouth slathering his huge nut.
"Y-yeah," I choked out. I could feel precum leak in my shorts as I watched the pretty lips of my loving girlfriend wrap around my friend's testes. She let it fall from her mouth, rubbed her whole face back and forth across his hairy nutsack before giving his other ball the same treatment while slowly jacking him. She pulled back, letting it fall from her mouth with a loud smack.
"The beach," Mike moaned.
"Oh, right," I said, turning back toward the beach. Still, no one was coming. Having to turn my back on them was exquisite torture.
"I wanna feel your tits," Mike said. I looked over my shoulder and saw her stand. His hands went straight to her breasts, squeezing and kneading them as she pumped away at his dick. I looked back toward the beach. I don't know how Mike was lasting this long. I was about to cum in my shorts just from the beach breeze.
I heard a wet smacking sound and looked back at them again. Mike was leaning over, sucking on one her tits, palming her other one in his hand. His other hand was down the back of her suit, squeezing her ass. Her head was flung back in ecstasy, offering any part of her body to him that he wanted. They were so far in their own world, and no one was heading our way, so I just turned back and watched them.
Mike pulled his hand from her suit bottoms, grabbed them from either side and pushed them over her hips. They landed on the sand with a splat. They were now both completely naked on this public beach. He grabbed her big butt in both hands and pulled her into him. She fell against his chest, pulling her hands off his dick and grabbing his butt in turn. They ground their genitals together, whispering things I couldn't make out into each other's ears.
"How long is this going to take?" I asked. On the one hand, my dick was loving watching them lose themselves to lust. But it felt too romantic to me. Plus, like I said, they were naked and writhing on a public beach. "I thought you were trying to get him off quickly."
"Getting there," he grunted. She leaned back slightly and grabbed his shaft and balls with a hand each. Her boobs bounced and jiggled as she jacked him with more vigor than before.
"You gonna cum for me?" she asked softly. He moaned and rested his forehead against hers. "You gonna cum, stud?" They stared into each other's eyes from inches away. "Cum for me. Cum on my fat tits." He grunted, then groaned, then roared. She moaned along with him. A moment later, he started spurting. She leaned back a little more and aimed him at her chest. Rope after rope of his sticky seed spurt from his monstrous head, splattering across her sweaty, heaving chest. When he was done, she was almost completely coated once again.
Before either of us could do anything, she pushed him toward me and croaked, "Come fuck me, Brian." I was too dazed to respond. "I said come fuck me. Now!" she shouted. She leaned forward, putting her hands against the wall and sticking her ass out.
I didn't need to be told a third time. I staggered over to her and pulled my swimsuit down over my trembling erection. I lined up behind her and pushed in with ease. Her vagina was wide open and soaking with her juices, wetter than I'd ever felt her before. She moaned loudly as I entered. I grabbed her by the hips and slammed myself into her rippling ass. She grabbed one of my hands and pulled it around her into her crotch. Her clit was fully engorged and I wasted no time in strumming it.
"Fuck, baby," she moaned. "Fuck me." She grabbed my other hand and pulled it around her, bringing it to her tit. I grabbed it, forgetting it was still covered in Mike's cum. His semen oozed between my fingers as I groped her breast and tweaked her nipple. It kinda grossed me out, but I tried to ignore it.
"Oh my god," she moaned, convulsing. "Ohmygod. Oh my GODDDDD!" she practically screamed as her orgasm hit her. Her vagina gripped my dick over and over and soon I was cumming too, unloading deep into her extremely ready love canal. Our orgasms trailed off and we fell to the sand. She turned around and kissed me deeply.
"Thank you, baby," she said. "That was...amazing."
I just smiled back at her. That was maybe my biggest orgasm ever, and I thought maybe hers too. All the humiliations of the day, all the stress about her so brazenly throwing her body at my friend and those strangers was gone. Now it was just us, basking in the afterglow.
After catching our breath, we stood back up, gathered our bottoms and put them back on. Mike was nowhere to be seen. So much for keeping the coast clear for us. We walked back to our towels, where Mike was finishing packing up.
"Figured we'd be ready to go after that," he said.
"Yeah, let's head back," I said.
Rachel pulled her crop top back over her head. I forgot she was still covered with Mike's cum, and so the shirt stuck to her bare tits in a weird way. I remembered my hands were covered with it too and did my best to wipe them off on my shorts, but they remained sticky. I couldn't work up a response, I was too spent. Rachel turned plenty of heads once again as we walked back to the car, but no one bothered us.
As we drove back, I looked at her and smiled. There may have been some pain along the way, but we reached a point where our sex life was fantastic. As long as these rules stayed in place, I think I could be happy. A voice in the back of my head told me that none of my rules stayed in place and that the rules being broken was what I liked in the first place. I ignored it, though. That's what a giant orgasm will do to you.