Author's note: I didn't intend for this story to be this long but it grew as the memories flooded back. All characters are over 18 years old and their names have been changed. This story, in part or in whole, may not be republished without author's written consent. Comments are welcome but please nothing that is not constructive criticism.
Part One
I'm Alex and I met Donna on the day I graduated high school in early June 1971. We both went to the same school, but she was a year behind (Class of '72) in classes with a friend of mine named Brian. After the graduation ceremony I needed to return my cap and gown to the school. In an earlier conversation Brian told me that he and his friend were going to be hanging out that day and they would be glad to drive me as I did not have my own car. They'd be at my house at 3PM.
At 3PM a white 1970 GTO pulls up and Brian got out from the front passenger seat. Next, a dirty blonde with a shoulder length haircut framing a very pretty face, stepped out from the driver's side. If you want an idea of what she looked like, look up Jella Haase, a contemporary German actress and a little Drew Barrymore, thrown in. She was 5'2", about 120 pounds with braless and perky 34B breasts hidden inside her striped tank top. She was wearing short cutoff jeans and white sandals. She did not have long legs but her short pants showed them off. Brian introduced me to his friend and fellow junior, Donna. For the year or more I had known Brian, he never mentioned her to me. I don't know what happened but there was an instant connection and attraction between Donna and I and she made no effort to hide her interest in me which I will get to later.
More back story, I was very shy around girls and never dated much in high school. I stood 5'10" tall and weighed 155 pounds and had a head of red/auburn hair that would curl in the humidity, which is constant in Florida. I played tennis and rode my bike constantly when I wasn't working selling shoes at a local department store in a local strip center. I was fit, but no Adonis. Try as I might to comb my hair straight, the curls could not be tamed. Donna later told me she always had a thing for redheads and when I stepped out into the driveway and the sun hit my auburn curly hair, she had fallen in love with me
My shyness was evident this day as it took Donna's MANY signs of interest in me to get me to call her for a date later. The most blatant of those signs was while we drove to the school to drop off the cap and gown. She adjusted her rearview mirror so she could look at me, with her most beautiful large brownish hazel eyes, in the backseat. I was afraid we were going to crash because her eyes were on me more than the road.
The day after meeting her I called Brian and asked for her number. I found out MUCH later that he was interested in her for three years but couldn't get out of the friend zone with her. I called Donna and set up a date with her for the weekend. Our first date was one of dinner, discovery conversations and a very long French kiss good night that left my lips tingling for hours afterwards. We immediately became exclusive, and our kisses led to a summer of dates with make out sessions and heavy petting, but no intercourse.
Most of our "sessions" were held in her GTO. She would arrive to take us on our dates. She would let me drive and would often initiate the play by rubbing my cock through my jeans or shorts while breathing heavily and licking my ear as we drove. This was very distracting. Sometimes she'd do this just before we arrived to wherever we were going just to see me dealing with the raging erection, she'd given me.
She liked sex and she seemed to like the power of sex she held over me. Many of our dates would end parked on roads that led to Biscayne Bay off Old Cutler Road in South Miami or an old abandon airfield west of us at the edge of the Everglades. Both were popular "parking spot" for teen lovers. These roads were in undeveloped areas in the woods and jungles with dense growth. We'd quickly start kissing and tearing each other's clothes off and working up a serious sweat in the Florida heat and humidity. We'd climb into the back seat where I would suck on her little tits with small nickel-sized areola pink nipples. They were very sensitive and would stiffen to size of an eraser on a #2 pencil when I licked and sucked on them. I'd reach into the front of her pants and finger her very wet pussy.
I loved the taste of her pussy and the earthy smell of her arousal and sweat. For a rookie I turned out to be very good at eating pussy and have become a connoisseur of muff diving. Gently I would part her downy dark blonde pubic hair and reveal her pink pussy. Her pussy was delicate with small pink butterfly lips that I loved to suck. My fingers would enter her, and I was able to bring her to multiple climaxes as I ate and fingered her. Alternating between going fast and rough and then softly licking her clit was her favorite. I would edge her and then begin again. Donna would moan and writhe and thrust her hips up as I had my face between her legs. My tongue sometimes found its way to her brownish pink puckered ass hole, also surrounded with shorter dark blonde downy hair, where I would lick it and dip my tongue in. This would drive her crazy. She did not like my fingering her ass though. That hole would remain forbidden. Donna was always wet when we started and became even more so as our lovemaking progressed. My face would be covered in the scent of her arousal and sweat from between her legs. I liked to wear it home on my face and fingers so I could smell it as I masturbated in my bed later.
Another favorite of mine was moving into a sixty-nine position where she, on top, would play with my dick and suck it into her warm mouth. This position gave me a great view of her perfect little ass. It was a small bubble butt. She was tan everywhere except for her bikini bra line and where her bikini covered her bush and ass. The difference between the tan body and her pure white ass and small mouthful size tits was striking.
She was awesome at giving head. Years later I still think she's the best at it of the women I have been with. Using my precum, she would hold my stout six-inch dick in her tiny hands as she rubbed the head of my VERY sensitive circumcised penis. My is cock kind of thick and she couldn't quite get her fingers all the way around it. She, again, loved the control. She would watch me writhing in sexual agony when she did this and tease me asking if this was bothering me and if I needed to cum. She was a relentless tease at those moments. Donna would swirl her tongue around the tip and stroke it and then plunge her head down taking the whole length in her mouth. Backing off again she would continue to use her lips to create a perfect smooth and soft friction bringing me to shoot off in her mouth. Swallowing cum was something she would do. She'd then want to have a sloppy French kiss where I would taste my cum on her tongue and lips. All this time though she would stop me when I tried to penetrate her. She said she wanted to wait.
It wasn't until a few weeks before I was to leave for the University of Florida that we went all the way. I did know it was not her first time, as she had a boyfriend just before me who had taken her virginity. They had sex a handful of times before she broke up with him. She let me know this in a heavy make out session in her car earlier in the week when we planned "Our Night." Prior to him there were a few guys she dated that, at most, got to finger her and suck her breasts while she gave them hand jobs and would occasionally suck their dicks.
I got rock hard when she told me the story of when, about three months before meeting me and just prior to their breakup, her previous boyfriend and her were discovered naked in the bed of his pickup truck by a group of guys riding horses through the woods. Two of the riders even had side arms holstered on their hips. They told tell him to stay sitting and for her to stand, uncovered, and turn around as they ogled her. She was really scared that she might be raped and killed. She hesitantly stood at the edge of the bed of the truck closer to them and stood facing them. They said show us more. She said she bent at the knees, spread her legs, and parted her pubic hair so they could see her pussy. She turned around, now looking her equally frightened boyfriend in the eyes, and bent at the waist spread her legs and pulled open her butt cheeks so they could see her ass and pussy. The riders all whooped and made lewd comments before saying "goodbye pretty lady" and riding off.
They didn't try to touch her because they knew this young girl was, most likely, jailbait. Donna told me how scared she was and, also, how wet and excited she was as they leered at her. She had her first climax through intercourse ever with the boyfriend when they made love after the riders left. She added that he had a difficult time staying hard and that she basically raped him.
"Our Night" finally arrived. My parents and younger brother, John (who was also in Donna's high school class), were out for the night and I had Donna over. We made love in my twin bed, THREE TIMES, and had to wash and dry the sheets and remake the bed before everyone got home. We made a mess of them with our sweat (it was summer in Florida even though we were in an air conditioned home) her juices and my cum. I was a heavy cummer and Donna would get wetter than any woman I would come to know. She'd develop a white froth that would form around her pussy as my dick worked in and out of her. It was a beautiful experience, and I was no longer a virgin. She would later often say that I fit her perfectly. That our bodies fit together perfectly, and I had the dick the fit her vagina perfectly.
We made up for lost time on our next dates. We made love in the backseat of her car and in the front seat of my mom's Toyota Corolla, which I occasionally borrowed for our dates. We made a mess on the front seat of the Corolla at the drive-in movie once which I tried to explain away as a spilled milkshake.
In early September I moved 350 miles away to college. The transition of being in Miami and being with Donna constantly, having her body to explore, to the all-male dorm in Gainesville was a shock. I couldn't wait to be with her again. I pinned and taped pictures I had taken of her next to my bed Her Senior portrait which would go in the yearbook later was framed and on my desk. When I was alone in my room, I would sometimes masturbate to them in my hot little unairconditioned dorm room with memories of my hands on her bubble butt and my mouth on her perky little tits. I wasn't the only one who liked the way Donna looked.
A couple of days into classes I was in my room. I had Marvin Gaye and Tammi Tyrell playing on my stereo. There was a knock on my door and when I answered it there were three of the six black guys living on the floor. There were probably thirty-five guys on the floor. They looked shocked to see my white face thinking another "brother" must be playing the music. I invited them into my room and we listened to tunes as they went through my albums discovering I had many Motown and Stax albums. We bonded. They also saw the pictures of Donna next to my bed and became infatuated with what they saw.
Donna was very attractive, not drop dead beautiful, and had a sexy air about her. She exuded sex in her photo and even more so when you were in her presence. This made her a frequent target of male advances. Prior to going off to school I gave her a 14K gold heart-shaped necklace with her name in script on one side and "I Love You" on the other side. I was hoping it would "mark my territory" at her high school in my absence.
Anyway, the three guys Robert, Calvin and Reggie turned out to be a kind of posse and they started going on about how cute she was and how sexy she was and asking if I was "getting any". They would lick their lips and say things like, "look at that pretty mouth of hers", and "she is built for lovin'" and "that ass is bitchin." This made me uncomfortable, so I asked them to stop with the comments and they did, but they kept looking back to her pictures as we continued to listen to music and talk. We became friends that day, the first black guys I had as friends given my upbringing in a white middle and upper middle-class neighborhoods.
I didn't date anyone as I only had eyes for Donna. She didn't date anyone, either. Donna and I would talk about once or twice a week. In 1971 calls between cities were "long distance calls" and your minutes on the phone would quickly add up to a hefty phone bill. Donna had a very hefty phone bill. We would call at night when we were each in bed and talk about our days and our mutual horniness. I told her of the friends I'd made and also about the guy's comments when they saw her pictures. She was not put off by their attention and wanted to know more of what they had said and asked what they saw in a "flat chested little white girl." The conversations aroused her, and she would often ask how the guys were and if they still were lusting after her.
She would tell me about other boy's and even men's attention at school and at work in the car dealership where she worked as a receptionist after school and on weekends. She wore the fashions of the day which included tight hip hugger bell bottom pants, short miniskirts or minidresses, tube tops and halter tops (my personal favorite). Of course, bras couldn't be worn with halter or tube tops. It was a great time to be a man among all the young women wearing the current fashion trends. The clothes, along with her cute looks and natural earthy sexiness, made her a magnet for men.
Donna told me she liked to tease the male teachers, and a few boys in school by giving them flashes of her panties as she sat in class or the car salesmen on the showroom floor from the raised area where she sat at reception at her part-time job. Wearing a miniskirt or short dress, if she knew they were looking she would "accidentally" spread her legs a bit to show her pussy covered by the thin cloth of her panties or she'd bend over at the waist to show them the bottom of her panty covered ass. I knew what they were seeing as she liked to tease me by showing me at a restaurant or party what she had under the skirt. Often there were a few strands of her dark blonde pubic hair sticking out the side of her the gusset. I would get super hard as she related her stories of being a tease and she'd ask me if I was masturbating as we spoke on the phone. Of course, I was. So was she.
Donna never succumbed to the advances, and some were rather crude, especially at work coming from the older men. It made me very aroused and made me jealous knowing that other guys were sniffing around the love of my young life. She got the response from me she was looking for as I always asked about the horndogs sniffing around her. I also had fantasies of her allowing some of their advances.
September was a long month, but I got a surprise one night when she said that her mom and stepdad were allowing her to drive up to see me for homecoming weekend in late October, something we had previously discussed and hoped for but never expected to happen. I guess they were tired of watching her mope about. They were older parents who had a head strong girl who wanted what she wanted and usually got it. At the beginning of her junior year, they gave her the GTO and put her, as a precaution and to "manage her cramps during her periods", her on birth control.
Next: It Gets Real