Chapter 12: Beth
"Cowards, I'll draw first," said Julie. "Ten of clubs. Wow, that's high."
"Now you draw, Beth," said Becky Ann.
"That's not going to happen," said Beth. "I don't know why I agreed to this."
"Same reason you put your hand on his dick," snickered Julie.
"There's a demon in him that must be cast out, for Kelly's sake and for his own," said Beth. "He would be such a good man, I sense, were it not for this."
"Okay, I'll go," said Becky Ann. "Nine of diamonds. Hah! It's going to be Julie."
"No, Beth hasn't drawn," said Julie. "It's time, religious nutcase." She said this affectionately.
Beth said a brief prayer before drawing. "God, give me the strength to see this clearly. Show me the way to this man's heart so he can be cleansed of all sin and granted eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen."
"Amen," said Becky Ann. Nothing wrong with that sentiment.
"Draw a card, religious nutcase," prompted Julie. She had less patience with the nonstop Jesus given she had to share a room with Beth.
"Ace of clubs," marveled Beth.
"You go first," said Julie. "Great, I finally get the room to myself on Friday night."
"What does it mean?" Beth wondered.
"It means you're finally going to lose your virginity!" cheered Becky Ann. "Oh, I'm so excited for you. I can't imagine how thrilling it's going to be."
"I can do this, I am equal to this," Beth steeled herself.
"Take it from me, it's pretty simple," said Julie. "All you have to do is spread 'em."
"Hebrews 4:12, 'For the word of God is living and active, and sharper than any two-edged sword, even penetrating as far as the division of soul and spirit, of both joints and marrow, and able to judge the thoughts and intentions of the heart.' Thank you, Lord," said Beth.
"True, it does involve penetration," said Julie.
"Shut up, Julie," said Becky Ann.
-----
"Would you like some wine?" Scott asked. This girl sure didn't need any coffee. The tall slender ebony beauty sitting on his couch was shaking like a leaf. Wasn't this the religious one?
Beth sat nervously on Scott's couch, the one that faced the view. She wasn't of legal age. Then again, wine was a sacrament. "Yes."
He came out of the kitchen, followed by the dogs, Bonker and Clifton. He handed her the wine and sat down next to her on the couch. The dogs groveled at her feet. "I know what Kelly told me, but why did you accept?" he asked.
"I felt called," said Beth, looking at the opposite corner of the room from Scott. So close to him, his pull was mighty. "By angels or demons, I don't know."
"God decides such matters."
She looked at him pointedly. "We all know the difference between right and wrong."
"We aren't in a hurry. Relax," he said. "I'm at your service."
"I believe I'm here to give you grace," she told him, dark eyes flashing. "You know, the word 'grace' means 'unmerited favor.' It means God is offering you something you could never provide for yourself; forgiveness of sins and eternal life."
"Unmerited favor is an apt description of your impact on me in this moment," he smiled, stretched. "You're so focused, so passionate. Are you going to become a preacher?"
"That's my intention," she said, looking away. "What do you know of such things?"
"A year of my misspent youth was spent in a Catholic seminary," he said.
Beth turned and regarded him, shocked. "Why did you turn away?"
"It was a girl," he said, looking down and smiling shyly. "A young woman. Moreover, it was the realization that I wasn't called to be celibate. I think I read God's purpose accurately. Otherwise, I would never have met Kelly. I wouldn't be with you here, now, experiencing your grace, moved by your words. I admit to a visceral attraction to you, Beth. I believe you'll make a wonderful preacher."
"You would have made a good preacher," she smiled. "I feel a visceral attraction to you as well."
"Don't forget your wine," he said. They both took a great big sip. She coughed. He gently rubbed her back in support. The feel of her lithe slender back under his massive hand electrified him.
All was confusion for her. It should be a sin, a terrible sin for her to go on a date with her friend's boyfriend. Yet, so close to Scott, his giant warm hand on her back, she felt perfect, purposeful.
"Is it wrong for me to find you stunningly beautiful?" asked Scott.
"You do?" she blurted, then, "...no."
"Would it be wrong for me to kiss you?"
Beth felt his hot sweet breath on her face as he asked her. Her world was filled with Scott. "No," she moaned. Their lips met, tongues met, and spelled out the language of love in their mouths. Surely she could allow this. She felt Scott's hands roam. It felt so good. The kiss kept going and going. Scott's hand stroked one of her breasts through her blouse and bra. She jumped in unreasoning fear and the kiss broke.
"It's okay, it's okay," he soothed. "I have a question, if you don't mind."
"Certainly," she allowed. Her memory of the feel of his hands, lips and tongue reverberated in her.
"Kelly told me the four of you made an adult film, a masturbation video?" He wondered how a young woman who had masturbated to orgasm in front of a roomful of men could be so skittish.
"It wasn't porn at all, it was an instructional video," Beth insisted.
"I stand corrected, I misunderstood," he said.
"It's not even masturbation if you're doing it for instructional purposes, it's just instruction," Beth argued.
"It stands to reason," he agreed. He was getting the reason -- major league denial.
"I did it to help my friends," she justified. "Nobody, no men touched me. I was waiting all the time. I was only on camera a few minutes here and there. And I had a remarkable opportunity to proselytize to a group of people who really need faith. You don't find converts in a church, Scott."
"Good point. You were naked on the set, right?" he asked. Could she have kept her clothes on?
"There's nothing sinful about the human body," the graceful ebony beauty argued. She continued, "I complained to the director that the men on set were constantly... spilling their seed. It was disgusting. I complained."
"It's not your fault," he said. "It's just how that kind of set is."
"So I gather." She was burning with embarrassment.
He kissed Beth again, and their tongues and lips lashed wetly. Sucking on her full wet lips and dancing tongue was driving him insane.
For Beth, the overwhelming sensation of it swept away her petty concerns. She was once more transfixed, but shy of Scott's roving hands. His hands felt so good on her back, her arms, her neck. Whenever a hand roved too close to her bra or below the waist, she needed to grab and push it away nervously. Scott's hands would retreat and continue to thrill her wherever she allowed. Now he was squeezing her thigh through her nylons and sensible skirt. Massaging her thigh. Really digging in. It felt glorious added to the excitement of their tongues. Scott rubbed, kneaded, gripped her thigh nice and tight. She was getting very wet. Perhaps she should stop.
She broke the kiss. Scott left his hands where they were, and they felt glorious. She argued, "It's a sin for us to do this with someone we don't intend to marry."
"What, kiss?" he asked.
"Anything more than kiss," she specified.
"Is it a sin to prepare yourself for marriage?" he asked.
"Certainly not," she said.
"Do you think it's prudent for a couple, both of whom are virgins, to get married?" Scott asked rhetorically. "What are the chances that the physical, romantic, or even procreative purposes of marriage would be fulfilled in such a case? The chance of happiness? The probability of divorce? Now in the old days, there was the unspoken rule that the man would go get some experience somehow before marriage, and that would solve it. But we've evolved past that, don't you think? Do you believe women deserve less preparation than men going into a marriage?"
"Certainly not!" said Beth. She'd fought and struggled with her faith's male bias in many areas. One of the things that inspired her about her calling was to change the system from the inside. "Your words are persuasive, fearfully persuasive. But I'm still afraid."
"That's understandable," he said, and kissed her gently. Soon the kisses were again wild and passionate. His hand roamed to one of her breasts. Her hand flew up to grab his, as before, but then it didn't push his hand away. Her hand just held onto his hand for dear life. Slowly, skittishly, she allowed him to enjoy the feel of her breast. Her breasts and hips were ripe and generous for such a slim, delicate girl. Dark as chocolate, slim, and delicately curved. Even through her blouse and bra, he felt her nipples, tightly erect.
Scott kissed her neck, but she urged him back to kissing her mouth to mouth. She didn't want the option of saying no, stop. Scott gripped one shapely ass cheek tightly. She felt her body squirm and buck. She was on fire, and she didn't know what to do.
"Would you like a massage?" Scott asked.
"Sounds good," Beth said, as if in a trance.
"Finish your wine," Scott suggested.
She raised the glass and gulped it down. Wow! She coughed once, then she was fine.
"That was efficient," Scott smiled. He lifted her up in his arms and carried her to the bedroom. He pushed the door shut behind him. The dogs lay against it bonk, bonk, in protest.
Beth's body tensed. "Could you massage me... somewhere else?"
"Than your body?" joked Scott.
"Than the bed," she clarified with a giggle.
"Um... I have a massage table somewhere, would that be good?" he asked.
"Yes, good," she confirmed.
"You rest here," said Scott. "I think it's down in the basement."
As she lay there, the residual feel of Scott on her body, in her mouth, pervaded her. It made her dizzy. One thing that working with the other Scotty had taught her. If it was anything like the real thing, she wouldn't need any lube. Far from it. She bet her panties were soaked.
Bonker bounded up onto the bed, snuffled Beth's ear, and licked her face. She sat up abruptly and complained, "Hey!" Bonker whimpered. She saw that Bonker was a boy dog with a penis that was big red, erect, and glistening. Then Clifton jumped up on the bed. Another big erect-looking dog penis. She said firmly, "I don't think you two should be up here." Looking abashed, they jumped down. The incident reminded her, though, of how many times those men had needed to relieve themselves on set. Scott had been waiting a long time already while she hemmed and hawed and teased him. If she broke Kelly's boyfriend, there would be hell to pay.
Scott carried in a padded table all folded up in a neat little square. "They look guilty," he said. "Did they bother you?"
"Not at all," Beth insisted. "I changed my mind. Come over here."
Scott set the massage table, still all folded up, against the wall. "All right, you guys, out of here." The dogs left the room. Scott closed the door. He climbed onto the bed next to Beth. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him fiercely. She bumped teeth, but came back for more.
As they kissed, Scott removed his shirt and kicked off his shoes. Beth ran her hand across his abs excitedly. He broke the kiss and unbuttoned her blouse. She sat up so he could remove it the rest of the way. He reached for the back of her bra. "May I?" he asked.
"I will," Beth said, reached around, unhooked it and threw it off the edge of the bed. Then she realized she hadn't brought a change of clothes or even a toothbrush with her. She scooted off the edge of the bed.
As Scott watched Beth, the delicate ebony beauty hung her blouse on the back of a chair and slung her bra over it. Her skin was dark and flawless. Her breasts were magnificent, proud and firm, with dark, dark brown nipples against her slightly lighter skin. She removed her skirt and also hung it neatly. She wiggled out of her nylons and put them on the chair. Then her panties. Her pudenda was bare. She had to peel her panties off her vulva she was so wet. He caught a whiff of her scent that took him right back to the dick grabbing incident. A thrill ran through his abdomen when he recalled how she'd screamed out his name from the bathroom.
Beth made a moue of distaste. She'd never destroyed her panties like this before. It had even gone through her nylons. They were sopping, and her goo had stuck them on. She removed them with some embarrassment and looked for a place to put them down where it wouldn't make a mess. She put them on the floor. She wished she'd brought a spare pair. Well, she hadn't expected to really need anything, somehow. Now, it was unthinkable she wasn't spending the night. Once they'd done it, in for a penny, in for a pound. She could do without the nylons, but she couldn't go commando in a skirt. Maybe Kelly had a pair here she could borrow.
Scott removed his remaining clothes, his jeans and boxer briefs. His dick sprung out excited and strong. Beth witnessed this, and said, "I'm so sorry! I hope I didn't hurt you."
"Hurt me?" he asked. "How would you have done that, angel?"
Beth answered, "I asked the men on the set to stop... you know... while I was sharing the word of God with them. They usually said they couldn't because it would hurt them. Often they would speed up, like it hurt them just to answer. To make matters worse, they would almost always moan and release their stuff before the end of our conversation. It was very distracting and disgusting. Then when I saw your dogs all... excited... I realized I must be hurting you with all my wavering and pushing you away. If I return you to Kelly tortured or damaged, there will be hell to pay. I got concerned."
"That's very thoughtful," said Scott. "Now listen. Those guys on the set were lying to you. We're all human beings. We're all capable of delaying our gratification indefinitely if need be. At least sexually. I mean you have to eat, drink water, and breathe. But sex is optional. It often feels like the most essential thing, but it's optional."
Now it looked like Beth had a new worry. "Once we... you know... and I feel it, will I have to become a slut?"
"No," said Scott firmly. "Losing your virginity changes everybody, but not in that way. It won't change your moral compass. You'll have a new appreciation of the world, that's all."
"It's a relief to hear I wasn't hurting you," Beth smiled.
"I still want you a lot," said Scott. He scooted to the edge of the bed, drew her head down to him slightly, and they kissed passionately. He gently checked between her legs and put his fingers into a swamp. As they kissed, he felt that her lips were fully engorged and spread. Her clitoris was a hard, slick little nubbin of passion.
Beth's whole body straightened and went rigid. Her breath caught. Her tongue stiffened in her saucy little mouth as she violently orgasmed. He kept slowly and slickly circling her clit with his middle finger. She gasped for air and barked, "Christ!" A moment later, "HNNNNNNH!!" she orgasmed again, another big one. Beth was as ready as he'd ever seen any woman. "Is this when you do it?" she whimpered.
He said, "I usually like to do other things first to warm a woman up, but-"
"No," she interrupted. "Now, before I lose my nerve. If you can, I mean... if you're ready."
"I am way past ready," he replied. He put her on the bed and grabbed her legs. Beth's teeth flashed in an expectant grimace. She was sloppy wet and tight as a virgin. Well, she WAS a virgin. She opened with delicious pressure.
This was completely different to Beth. The bare skin of his turgid cock slid in. She was held and spread. She felt the delicious slap of his hips on her thighs as he hammered home. His weight firmly pressed her down and apart as he covered her like a giant pale wild beast. His powerful musk permeated her senses. She caught Scott's look of absolute intense ecstasy on his weathered face. An orgasm squeezed through her and moved her. As she shook it off, she wailed, "Lord Christ!"
At the same time, she felt she was somehow inside Kelly's video. I mean, here was Scott Miller, more vivid than technicolor or her horniest dream, filling and slamming her. The feel of him! She writhed in orgasm again. He eclipsed the room above her, his muscles rippling, his handsome face in ecstasy. The sliding, the pressure, teasing her over the brink, "AAAAAH!!" She heard echoes of Kelly's movie screams in her own. Now she knew why. Now she was a woman. Nothing would ever be the same.
(To be continued)