To fully appreciate the telling of this story and to truly understand our relationship I suppose that I'd better begin at the beginning.
I am several years older than my wife. I don't mean that to sound as though I'm bragging about having a trophy wife or anything; it's simply stated as a fact. I met Michelle at the French Embassy in Bucharest, Romania. I was in Romania doing some consultant work for the U.S. Embassy and was invited to a cocktail part at the French Embassy as part of doing business. I couldn't refuse the invitation, although I knew perfectly well why I was invited. It was to get as much information out of me regarding the purpose of my business in Romania as possible. The method of acquiring this information was, of course, limitless.
I was at the Embassy on a Wednesday evening with a military officer from the American Embassy, Colonel Hargrove of the United States Marines. Hargrove hailed from South Carolina someplace. He was, like me at the time, a bachelor, but with a soft Southern accent, sort of sleepy brown eyes, and thinning brown hair. All of this was a perfect cover for the hard bodied and very bright intelligence officer that I had begun to know over the past several weeks. Hargrove continued to delight himself with beating my sorry ass on a daily basis at hand ball in the basement gym, next to the encryption room of the American Embassy. I should have thanked him, actually as the daily exercise was starting to firm up my belly after giving up my commission as a Major in the US Army and starting up my own business...doing business with...the US Army. It's funny how things come full circle, sometimes.
Anyway, Hargrove and I were standing in this really nicely furnished; I suppose it could be called a drawing room, with drinks in hand. We were just talking about trivial things, like what the weekend may hold in store for either of us. I was just starting to tell him about wanting to go antique hunting when we were approached by some officer-looking fellow in a military uniform that would have looked better on a parade ground someplace than at a cocktail party. He introduced himself as a French officer of a rank and name that frankly I can't remember because I didn't pay any attention to him when he introduced himself. I have to tell you, everything he was saying was just a buzzing noise in the background to me because he had two women with him, one of whom he introduced as Michelle Perot, an employee of the Embassy.
This was the most gorgeous creature that I had ever laid my eyes on, and let me tell you; I have spent hours looking at women in my life! This woman stood about five feet four inches tall with a drop dead gorgeous figure. Her face was simply gorgeous. Perfect nose, perfect mouth and lips, perfect teeth when she smiled, arched eyebrows. She had this really long blond hair; curly. Her makeup was heavily applied, just the way I like it. As I said she had this fantastic figure, large full breasts, which is my first point of assessment, and I was soon to find out as soon as she turned around, excellent legs and an incredible ass. But I have to tell you what really got to me about this woman were her eyes. They were green, almost the same color as my own. But what really drew me to her was that she had a direct way of looking into my eyes that seemed to let me know that even as strangers to one another, she was placing her entire faith in me. I don't know if you believe in fate, or karma or any of that stuff, but I know for me that some things just work out for the best and appear to be pre-ordained. I swear I could look directly into this woman's soul through her eyes. As it turns out, I was entirely right. I felt like I knew her before we ever even said a word to each other. In later years of course this has matured to where I know Michelle's mood by her walk; the way she may jut one hip out enticingly while talking to someone tells me that she's interested in that person – but that's a story for another time.
The other girl was introduced of course but I have no idea what her name was. She and Hargrove hooked up and I saw her once or twice with him and then they moved off in different directions. But Michelle, well she and I have been together ever since that moment.
As we moved into a dining room where a buffet had been laid out, Hargrove leaned in close to me and said in my ear that obviously the girls were employed to find out as much information as they could about my business. I think everyone already knew Hargrove's business with the Embassy. He was officially the commanding officer for the Marine detachment at the Embassy but as I said, I think everyone accepted him to be the chief resident spook, which he actually was. The amazing thing was that he could gather so much information while under everyone's nose. He was good – very good at what he did. Me, on the other hand, hell I was just a consultant, trying to make a living.
So, as we walked into the dining room, the ladies ahead of us engaged in conversation, and me with my eyes glued to Michelle's very nicely turned, toned, and muscled calves and her absolutely incredible ass, Hargrove was blabbing in my ear. Well, I was just a bit put off with this as my attention was on Michelle and not politics. Hargrove kept on about being careful and not to say anything of importance to her. I have to tell you, my mind was 20 clicks down the road trying to figure out how I was going to get this marvelous creature into my bed.
We lined up and were waiting our turn to go through the buffet. Michelle was in front of me and I was gulping in her perfume like a man dying of thirst. Now, I'm not a big guy. I stand about five feet nine inches to be honest, but I usually run that up to five foot ten to try to impress – myself I guess, because no one else cares, most probably. Anyway, the point is, Michelle was in heels, tall heels, and the top of her head was just under my eye level. The whole point of all this is Michelle's ass is about on a level with my cock. So, the line would move forward, Michelle would move forward in response to the line, and then she'd stop suddenly which caused me to run into her gorgeous ass. Michelle kept doing this – effectively banging her ass up against my cock.
So, the first couple of times I figure I'm clumsy, okay? That I've just met this person, that we don't know each other, that we both have our own cadence so to speak and I'm just not on her page.
Well let me tell you, I may not have been on her page but she was definitely on mine! After about the fourth 'accidental' bump, when I figured that I was intruding on her space and I was hesitating about moving forward, she moved BACKWARD, banging that ass up against me. Well, listen my mama didn't raise no dummy, although my brother's a little slow. This girl is coming on - now write this down because I want you to remember this, to ME! I looked over my shoulder at Hargrove, who was behind me and he whispered, "Told ya so."
Well, I'm enjoying the hell out of this and we finally got our food and were offered a table to sit around while we ate. It seemed to me that the ladies had already settled between them who was with whom. The other girl, I'm sorry, I still can't remember her name, made sure that she was sitting next to Hargrove and the entire arrangement ended up being boy – girl – boy – girl.
We all sat around eating our meal, and drinking some very nice wine that the waiter had poured for us, chatting, and getting to know each other. The girls asked how we liked Romania; how the Romanian girls compared to American girls, that kind of thing. The girls told us that they were either secretaries or receptionists, French Nationals, working at the French Embassy.
After everyone had finished eating and the plates had been cleared away, Michelle was sitting beside me quite demurely, smiling and apparently listening to the chatter of Hargrove and the other girl, when I felt a hand steal into my lap. I looked at her and she turned that heart stopping beautiful face to me and said,
"You don't mind, do you, Daniel?"
Now, I'm generally known as a man of action, but all I could muster up as a really stupid stammer, not saying anything at all that even verged on intelligence. So, what did she do? Moved her hand down just inside my left thigh and possessively took hold of my cock.
"Daniel, am I being offensive?" she asked smiling at me.
"Ummm, no Michelle, you really aren't offensive at all..." I stammered.
"Good", she said. "Because I really need this fellow tonight" she continued to say, still smiling, looking directly into my eyes as she stroked my cock through my trousers.
Well, so much for campaign planning. I mean directness beats scheming and plotting every time.
"Well, Michelle, I believe that it is safe to say that this fellow may be yours this evening for the asking.
"Thank you, Daniel. I can assure you that you will not be disappointed with me."
"I'm sure that I won't be, Michelle."
"But first, Daniel, I must attend to another matter and I hope that you will accompany me?"
"Of course, Michelle. Whatever you suggest."
She looked at her watch and said, "We will have to leave soon then". I looked at my own antique Bulova watch and saw that it was 11:00 at night. I wondered what other matter she had to attend to at this time of the night.
Things progressed rather quickly from that point on. Michelle looked at her female companion and they exchanged 'that look' that women have between them and both ladies excused themselves, headed toward what I figured was the ladies room. Hargrove slid into Michelle's vacant and still warm chair and said,
"So what gives?"
"She wants me to fuck her."
"Well, I wouldn't be at all surprised if she hasn't already been paid to do just that."
"Be a gentleman, Hargrove, you don't know that and I'm sure that she just can't resist my rugged American boy looks."
"Yeah, Fremont (my last name); I'm absolutely certain that must be it", he said with his Southern drawl more pronounced. "I'm surprised that she wasn't jerking you off under the table", he said with a grin.
"You'll never know", was all I said.
"Well be careful. I'm sure she has an agenda other than succumbing to your charms and good looks."
"We'll see", I said not totally convinced that Hargrove was correct.
The ladies arrived back at the table, Michelle carrying a light coat. I helped her into her coat and we made our manners to our hosts, left the Embassy and Michelle hailed a cab. As we got into the back seat Michelle gave the driver directions in Romanian and we were off. Michelle cuddled up to me in the back seat, kissing my neck and teasing my ear with her tongue. She was very accomplished and I was most appreciative.
Her hand stole back down to my cock. "I must see this fellow, if you don't mind", she said to me as her hand bent to the task of zipping down the fly of my trousers. I don't know that I ever had a choice in the matter as I've found that Michelle generally does what she's made her mind up to do. I could feel my cock get instantly erect as she reached into my trousers and brought it out into the open. By now I was looking at the back of her beautiful blond head. Her hand was sliding up and down on my circumcised cock (That pisses me off! Why disfigure your male children like that?) and I could feel her warm breath on the head.
"We do not have very much time until we reach our destination, Daniel. I promise that I will finish this later."
"Where are we going, Michelle?" I asked.
"Daniel, the Embassy does not pay a lot of money to girls in a position like mine. So, in order to make ends meet, or to be able to buy some nice things, we find extra jobs. We are on our way to mine", she said while continuing to stroke my cock.
It didn't seem too long after that before the cab started to slow down. Michelle looked out the side window, I suppose to see where we were, stuffed my cock back into my trousers and carefully zipped the fly, patting my cock afterwards and said, "Later my Darling".
The cab drew up to a building and stopped. It was really dark and the neighborhood, from my glance out of the window, looked rather seedy and run-down, but so did a lot of the former Soviet Union in those days. Michelle told me how much money the cabbie wanted, preferably in American. I added five bucks for a tip. Michelle took the money from me, said something to the driver as she handed him the money and was handed some money back. Michelle gave me the equivalent of about two and a half dollars, Romanian saying, "You give him too much Daniel."
We got out of the cab, me helping Michelle out while appreciating her legs as she emerged from the back seat. We entered a door at ground level, went down a very short, very dimly lit corridor and descended a flight of stairs to what I figured was the cellar. Michelle then opened and walked through another door with myself close behind her. Just on the other side of this door was a bull of a man. This ugly son of a bitch looked at Michelle and smiled like a child when he saw her. Michelle spoke to him in Romanian and almost reduced the man to a puppy. I believe the guy would have done anything for Michelle. Unfortunately he then had to turn his attention in my direction. His grin immediately, I mean immediately, vanished, replaced with a look that would have curdled milk. He wordlessly parted a very heavy drape. Michelle stepped through the parted drape and I followed, totally convinced that this brute hadn't seen the inside of a bath tub since he was three years old. The drape opened into obviously a night club of some sort, music blaring, and smoke filled, very noisy.
A woman appeared at Michelle's side, took her wrap, handed it to who I suspected was the coat check girl, and Michelle followed her, me again on her heels, appreciating the way her ass was moving. We were shown to a table against one of the walls. The girl took out drink order, Michelle ordering Chablis and I order a whiskey over ice. Michelle reached across the table with her hand, palm up, obviously offering me her hand. I took it and she incredibly leaned down, turned my hand over, and kissed my palm. Well hell, my cock this night was really getting some exercise in erection, flaccid, erection, flaccid. A cock's equivalent to push-ups I suppose. It instantly got hard again.
An announcer began saying something to the crowd and was answered by cat calls, which I have come to learn, are universal in any language. I finally drug my attention away from Michelle and as I surveyed the room I discovered it was populated by mostly men. It wasn't long before this American college graduate figured out that I was in a strip club, Romania style.
A good looking young woman took the stage and began dancing to the music, unmistakably a stripper. I looked at Michelle and she seemed to be enjoying the show. She glanced at me and asked if I appreciated this kind of entertainment – at least with the noise in the place, this is what I think she was saying. As the girl got down to her bra and panties the crowd seemed to quiet down some, probably anticipating what was to come. Michelle leaned across the table and said that she had to excuse herself and that if she did not return that I was to watch the next dancer very closely; that she wanted to know my reaction to her - precisely. With those instructions, Michelle leaned further across the table, kissing me fully on the lips, opening her mouth and sliding her tongue into my very willing mouth. In an instant she was gone.
I watched the girl on stage finish her set, I suppose you call it; maybe performance. She ended up sitting on a wine bottle, taking a really good portion of it into her pussy. At least I think she did because I was across the room, against the wall, and there was a screaming horde of men between me and the girl.
After she left the stage some skinny kid came out and gathered up the money that was strewn around. Some music came on and the guys got down to drinking again. The drinks that we had ordered finally appeared on the table. I usually like to drink some decent booze; Crown Royal, or something of that quality. This was some really horrible stuff. I wouldn't have been surprised to find a bath tub ring on the inside of the glass because that's where it had to have been made – this very morning.
A couple of American popular songs were played and then the announcer came back on saying something to the crowd and was greeted again with appreciative cat calls. The lights in the place dimmed, some music came on a spot light played on the back curtain, which was parted – and my beautiful Michelle took center stage!
She was dressed in a dark double breasted business suit, very close in style to my own. She had on black high heels, seamed stockings (I didn't know they were still made!), a straight skirt that ended just below her knees, of course the jacket as I said, and her hair was in what I've been told, is a French Twist at the back or her head. Her makeup was obviously heavier than I remembered it. I was amazed that she could transform herself into this beautiful stripper so quickly, from the time she left out table until she went on stage.
Anyway, Michelle was moving very suggestively to the music, swaying her hips like all of the hundreds of strippers that I have appreciated my entire life and playing to the crowd. I couldn't see really well; I was that far away from the stage. I got up and walked a few feet to a railing that separated the tables along the wall from a drop-down to the lower level. In actuality, the stage was on the same level as where I was sitting. But I wanted a closer look and by standing at the railing, checking to make sure that I was obstructing anyone's view, not only got me closer to the stage and Michelle, but made me obvious to her.
Michelle looked directly at me as she was dancing and moving to the music and smiled a little shyly at me as she held my eyes with her own. Seeing her smile and her attention directed to me from the stage, I had to have got the biggest grin on my face, ever! I lifted my right hand and held my thumb and forefinger in a circle and lifted it aloft so she could see it. Seeing my grin at her and the universal OK signal, Michelle smiled broadly. From that point she really got into her show.
She continued to strip, playing to the boys in the crowd and very frequently looking in my direction and holding my eyes with those of hers. She had her bra off revealing the most fantastic set of tits that I had ever seen. Large, fairly firm, tipped with very nice nipples and large areola, just exactly as I like my woman's tits! The men in the crowd expressed their appreciation as well, most vocally.
Michelle had taken her hair down and it was swaying across her shoulders as she strutted back and forth across the stage, playing to the crowd. She only had a g string, her stockings, heels, and a garter belt on at this point. Michelle walked to the side of the stage, picked up a chair and set it down center stage. She then collected her clothing that was scattered on the stage, first her blouse and bra that went on the back of the chair, then her discarded skirt went over the blouse and bra. Lastly, the suit jacket was hung over the back of the chair, like she was getting her clothing ready for the next day. Michelle then sat on the chair, spread her legs and began rubbing her pussy through the g string, all the while looking me directly in the eyes. She then took her thumbs and placed them on each hip trapping the sides of the g string. She slid her thumbs downward, removing her g string, spread her legs and exposed her pussy for everyone in the place to see. She very intently continued to look in my eyes.
I looked back at her, licked my lips, smiled, kissed my fingertips and blew her a kiss. Her gorgeous face lit up like I had given her a new diamond bracelet or something!
Michelle then began to masturbate in front of the men, moving her legs and shifting herself around to allow every man, and every cock, in the house an opportunity of seeing her neatly trimmed pubic area.
Several times Michelle had her fingers in her pussy and then placed them in her mouth. Finally, she reached behind herself and rummaged around in her jacket and finally produced a very large and very black dildo. This wasn't a vibrator – this was a replica of a huge black male cock.
Michelle stroked the fake cock, very much like she had stroked mine, took it in her mouth and simulated cunnilingus with it, and finally placed the tip of it at the entrance of her vagina, pressed it against her...and everyone was treated with the sight of this huge cock stretching her pussy and at least three quarters of it disappeared in her pussy.
Michelle continued to fuck herself with this giant, alternating between looking directly into my eyes, and rolling them back into her head as she appeared to be enjoying herself. She seemed to reach an orgasm as the music reached a crescendo.
Michelle sat there for several moments, looking exhausted. The men went nuts, throwing money onstage. The giant that had greeted us at the entrance had moved to the stage and obviously was there in case someone got too exuberant and wanted to get too close to Michelle. The kid reappeared on the stage and scurried around collecting the money. Michelle stood and looked at me. I was clapping with the crowd, and when she looked at me, as I now knew that she would, I placed my fingers in my mouth and gave her a whistle. She smiled beautifully, bowed to her admiring audience, waved to them, turned and walked through the curtain, which had opened for her, her ass swaying beautifully as she walked.
I sat at the table sipping on my horrible drink, waiting for Michelle to reappear. At least two songs were played and another girl came on stage for a set. She was greeted by an appreciative audience, as were all the dancers. I don't remember much at all about her performance because my mind was still on Michelle's.
I felt her presence and smelled her perfume before I actually saw her. Every time I ever saw this woman she literally took my breath away. Her natural beauty just over powered my other senses, even the involuntary muscle action that involved breathing.
She just suddenly appeared in front of me, beautiful, her hands held in front of her, looking down at me.
I rose so suddenly I sent my chair crashing to the floor behind me. I was around the table in a shot, standing at her side, pulling her chair out and holding it for her. She had obviously showered as she smelled fresh and clean. Neither one of us said a word. She was smiling slightly and I'm sure that my face was split from ear to ear with a grin; at least I felt like it was because my face actually hurt from the effort of smiling so large.
She turned and began to sit down as I held her chair. I slid it forward catching her luscious ass in the chair as she reached it. I leaned forward, smelling her hair. It was wonderful! I moved over to my side of the table, found my chair and righted it and sat down across from her. I reached across the table for her hand. She reached across the table, giving me her hand. I turned it over, palm up, and gently kissed her palm as she had done mine earlier.
"Michelle, you were wonderful" I said looking into those eyes of hers.
"I'm sure that you have many questions that you want answers to" she said.
"I have a few questions that immediately come to my mind" I said.
"I have one question, first, if you don't mind, Daniel".
"No, Michelle, I don't mind, what's your question?"
"Did my performance offend you? Do you now want to escape my company as fast as possible?"
"Michelle, first, that's two questions, Sweetheart."
She suddenly smiled, recognizing that I was joking with her, which relieved any tension that there may have been.
"Michelle, I found your performance to be completely erotic. I am not at all offended by it, and no, I do not want to escape your company. More on the opposite; I want to spend time with you."
At that, Michelle seemed to melt, as though a great weight had been lifted from her. She smiled beautifully and gripped my hand as though holding on for support and reassurance.
At that very instant of what should have been a very touching moment, we were joined by the ugly bull that had lately provided security for Michelle while she was on stage. The man said something to Michelle in Romanian and handed her a package. She took the package and placed it in her little hand bag. There were a few other phrases spoken between them. Finally Michelle said,
"Daniel I would like to introduce you to my friend, Oskar."
Michelle said something to Oskar as I rose from my seat. Oskar turned his attention, reluctantly I think, again in my direction. I said, "It's a pleasure to meet you Oskar" and held out my hand. His hand totally engulfed mine and I fully expected to be wearing some kind of a cast for the next several weeks after he had crushed my hand in his grip, but I was actually surprised in the gentleness with which he applied pressure in our hand shake. Looking in my eyes he said something to Michelle, who responded back to him, all the while with my hand trapped in his fist. His face melted into a very gentle smile as he looked at me and said,
"A pleasure". He seemed to be sizing me up, leaned in close and said to me in heavily accented English, "I place her in your care". He leaned back and looked very intently at me.
I looked at him and said, "I won't let you down".
Still gripping my hand in his enormous paw and looking directly in my eyes, Oskar said something. Michelle answered him. His face broke into a larger smile and he bobbed his head, nodding, once, released my hand, and stood back, facing the wall, me on his left, still standing, Michelle on his right, seated. Oskar bowed slightly from his waist, took one complete step back, pivoted on the ball of his right foot and strode off. Very Continental; very movie-like. I was beginning to warm up to this giant.
Regaining my seat I reached across the table and took Michelle's hand, who gave it willingly, expectantly?
"What did you say to him, Michelle?"
"He wanted to know what you said to him. I repeated to him what you said about not letting him down; that was all." Complete understanding finally began to dawn on this highly educated American boy.
"Daniel, it is very noisy here. I am wishing for someplace very quiet. Do you know of such a place?"
"We could go to my place, Michelle, if you wish. I have a small suite at the Savoy".
"You are staying at the Savoy?" she asked.
"Yes", I answered.
I was to find out in short order that once Michelle made up her mind about something, not only does she always act on it, but like a field general, she acts immediately.
Michelle stood straight up. I was a split second behind her. The girl who had taken her coat was immediately at her elbow with her light coat, helping her into it. I followed the two women through the club. Men were rising to their feet, smiling at her, a few applauding her like she was a movie star. Michelle obviously was enjoying every minute of this and I have to admit, so did I.
We moved through the curtain, then through the door. I was wondering where Oskar was, and we continued up the stairs, down the dimly lit hallway and finally through the outer door onto the street. Oskar was already there, holding the back door of a taxi open. He took Michelle's elbow and assisted her into the cab, stepped back and almost came to attention, holding the door as I entered the cab and closed it securely behind me.
I settled into the seat and Michelle again gave directions to the driver, this time I recognized 'Savoy' in the instructions.
Michelle settled back into the seat next to me, snuggled close and placed her right hand possessively on my cock.
"Ask your questions quickly, Daniel so we can get through this."
"Well I don't actually have many, Michelle. How often do you do this work?"
"Twice a month, Daniel, is all" she said.
"Only twice a month?" I asked.
"Yes, that seems to be sufficient to give me the money that I require".
"I see", I said lamely.
"What else Daniel?"
"I guess that's about it for now" I said.
She stopped stroking my cock and I thought that I had made a huge mistake and somehow had pissed her off. The evening ending in total and complete failure suddenly became a reality to me.
Michelle sat up and turned toward me and said, "I have just committed a very outrageous sexual act in front of men, complete strangers, and this is all you have to ask of me, how often do I do it?"
"Yes, Michelle, that's about all I need to know at this point because I believe the rest of the story will emerge, on its own, in its own time.
She didn't say anything. She simply sat there, in the back of the cab, looking directly into my eyes, as she has from the first minute I met her. As I said, I'm highly educated. It took me about five seconds to understand that she demanded a further explanation or else I was going to be making love to the palm of my hand this night.
"Michelle, I need to explain some things to you. We are the same in a lot of ways. Michelle, my mother was, well actually still is, a hooker. My father was her pimp, my sister is also a hooker, but like me, is educated and she really doesn't need the money, she just likes being a hooker."
Michelle continued to look at me. She turned slowly forward and sat that way for a few minutes. I really expected her to tell the driver to take her someplace else. But she didn't.
After what seemed like at least ten minutes, but which really was only about two, she scooted back into the seat. She settled back against the back cushion of the seat and sat there with her hands in her lap. I could tell that she was running all of this through her mind.
After a few minutes her right hand stole back into my lap and again took command and control of my cock.
"OK, Daniel," she began in her French accented English, which I have always found charming, "let me see if I have this straight. I was so afraid that I would lose your respect or at least your lust for me if you found out what I did for another job. So I purposely brought you with me so I could judge your reaction. I was thrilled when I found out that you aren't disgusted by me. Then I find out that while growing up you have evidently been exposed to women who sell their bodies, so my behavior this really isn't strange to you. Is this correct?"
"Pretty close to the truth, Michelle, but I have to tell you that I have dated strippers as well."
Still holding my cock, so I figured that I wasn't on too shaky ground, so I continued. "You see Michelle, I have been raised surrounded by women who required male acceptance, male attention. The women in my life have always needed to know that they were desirable to men, that men want them, want to have intercourse with them. These are the women that I understand, Michelle, the women that I am drawn to. If I am with a woman and she doesn't care if men want to fuck her, Michelle, I don't want to be with her."
As I was explaining this to her, Michelle's hand continued to work my cock over but as the explanation began to sink in, her hand quickened its stroking.
"So, let me understanding this further, Daniel", she continued as she kept stroking my cock through my trousers, "you don't mind if other men want to fuck me?"
"Michelle, if they don't want to fuck you, I wouldn't want to fuck you." She was really getting into my cock now, but I think it was subconsciously, I don't think she was even aware that she was stroking me.
"So that is why you gave to me the ok sign when I was on stage? You approved of what I was doing?"
"Very much so, Michelle. I have seen thousands of strip acts. Yours was the most erotic."
"What if next time I allow a real cock to fuck me on stage, Daniel? How would you accept that?"
"Do we need to go shopping for a good cock for you, Michelle?" I asked.
She slowed her stroking. I again thought that I screwed up. She suddenly sat up again, turned and looked at me. She was then all over me, kissing my face, my mouth, my neck.
"You do understand me, don't you, Daniel?" she said in between kisses. "You understand my need for men to pay me attention, to look at me, to imagine what I would look like as they use me for their satisfaction?"
"Yes, Michelle, that describes all of the women in my life."
She continued kissing me, her hands inside my jacket now, grabbing at my cock. "And you accept me for being a naughty girl, Daniel; you could care for a woman like this?"
"Of course I can accept you for this, Michelle. I love my mother and sister, you know."
"They would like me, Daniel, your mother and sister?"
I laughed, "They'd probably put you to work, Michelle."
"She leaned back, looking at me in what I have accepted as the way we communicate, and said, "You'd allow this Daniel?"
"One thing at a time, Darling, one thing at a time."
Michelle laughed deep in her throat, leaned over her shoulder and said something to the driver. "What did you say to the driver, Michelle?"
"I told him to hurry, that I need to make love immediately."
It was my turn to laugh. "And what did you tell Oskar tonight, Michelle?"
Michelle settled back next to me, took my left arm, picked it up and put it around her shoulders so she could settle in closer to me, resumed stroking my cock (who was really getting a work out this night – remember what I said about push-ups for cocks?), reached into her dress with her free hand and brought out a breast and began playing with the nipple and said,
"Well he brought over my money and told me that it was just a little over two thousand American dollars."
"Two THOUSAND dollars?" I asked.
"Yes, Darling" she said. Now you know why I only need to perform just twice a month, although I admit I'd like to do it more often, but then men would get used to me and not want me as often, perhaps. Anyway, Oskar asked if he should stay close to make sure that I was safe. I told him that he didn't have to worry, that you are my man. I'm sorry if I told him a small lie."
I thought about this for a few minutes and said, as I watch her pull her nipple, obviously enjoying the feeling and knowing that the cab driver was watching her in the rear view mirror. "No, Michelle, I don't believe it was a lie at all."
Michelle leaned in and kissed me. "I knew that this night was going to be special, Daniel. I knew it when I first looked into your soul through your eyes."
I broke the kiss and looked at her. "What did you just say?" The cab came to a stop. The driver said, simply, 'Savoy'.
She placed her breast back into her dress, looked directly into my eyes again and said, "You understand perfectly well what I just said, Daniel." She patted my cock, leaned in and kissed me again, leaned back and said, "Come my Darling, our life together begins", opened the door on her side and began to climb out.
I have been following that luscious ass of hers ever since then.