Ellen roused to consciousness, in full heat. She became aware, of her surroundings. Sherry was kneeling over her, using the dildo on her. Sherry was quite pleased, by Ellen's response.
"Good morning, my pretty, little, whore. You opened, so well. It is always like that, when a woman, is properly aroused."
Sherry, lightly, switched, the globes of Ellen's, sensitive tits. Sherry spoke, as she amused herself, with her new slave.
"Some women, like yourself, will never be properly aroused, without the pain. Light pain, in the morning, to start the day. Heaver pain, as the day goes on. It'll become, almost unbearable, in the dark of night. It's in the dark of the night, that a whore shines."
Sherry dipped her head, as she nipped, Ellen's nipples, to erection. Sherry spoke with a smile.
"You'll shine, for me, tonight."
Sherry removed the dildo, and licked it clean.
"Go take care of your self. Remove the plug. Clean it, and yourself. Come to me, naked."
Ellen blushed, as she heard Sherry's commands. In her sleep, she had forgotten, about the plug in her ass. Suddenly, she could not stop thinking, about the intruding butt plug. She also, could not stop thinking, about her impending violation.
"Walk slowly, across the room. I love to see, your naked ass, as you walk."
Sherry rolled over, onto her back. She used the dildo, in her cunt, as she watched her naked slave, walk, slowly, across the room. Sherry loved the purple pattern, of bruises, across Ellen's back, and legs. And, on her ass.
Ellen returned, from the bathroom, with the clean butt plug, in her hand. Sherry took it, from her. She laid Ellen, onto her back, on the bed. Sherry propped Ellen up, so that she could watch, her mistress play. Sherry lubricated, Ellen's rose bud. She greased up, a thin dildo.
"Ass fucking, is so intense. It hurts, so, bad, when it first goes in."
Sherry pushed the dildo, into Ellen's, almost, virgin asshole. Ellen's eyes flared open, from the shock. Her eyes, filled with tears. Sherry began to fuck, Ellen's ass.
"When the pain lessens, it turns to, pure, lust."
Sherry took, Ellen's hands, and placed them, on the dildo.
"Do it for me. I want to taste your lust, when you kiss me."
Ellen took the dildo. She fucked herself, for her mistress's pleasure. Ellen was soon, fucking herself, for her own pleasure. As the pain subsided, it did, indeed, turn to lust. Sherry drank, Ellen's orgasm, from her mouth. Sherry loved, the tart taste, of unbridled lust.
Ellen's orgasm, was neither, bridled, nor quiet. Sherry retrieved the dildo, wiped it off, and sat it aside. Sherry lubricated, Ellen's rose bud, and a, larger, butt plug. Sherry was grinning, with pleasure, as she handed it, to Ellen.
"Put it in, little bitch."
"Yes ma'am"
There was fear, in Ellen's eyes. The fear was over shadowed, by Ellen's excitement, and lust. Ellen placed, the pointed end, of the plug, against her sphincter. She fucked, her ass, with the smooth, slippery, plastic.
Ellen pushed it in, further each time. Ellen pulled it back, when the pain became, too intense. Ellen began to cry, from the pain. She would not stop. Her mistress, had ordered to put it in, and she would, always, obey her mistress's orders.
Sherry's eyes, were shinning, with excitement. She, shuddered, when she heard, Ellen's sharp exclamation, of pain, as the widest part, of the plug, crossed Ellen's, sphincter muscle. The butt plug slid, the rest of the way in. The pain subsided, as Sherry kissed away, the tears.
Sherry pulled Ellen up.
"Get your, lazy, ass moving. Go wake up my man, his favorite way. Give him your pussy, if he wants it."
"Yes Mistress"
"After, my men is no longer tense, go fix the coffee."
"Your man, interests me more, this morning, than the coffee does."
"You little bitch. I'll have, your ass."
Ellen smiled mischievously.
"You already have, mistress"
Ellen dressed herself, in silk stockings, and garters. Ellen straightened, and smoothed her silk stockings. She sat on the chair, and buckled her heel's, onto her ankles. She stood up, and posed for her mistress.
"I'll serve your customer, like a whore."
Ellen walked, from the bedroom, to the den. Ellen felt, so, alive. She was full of life, and energy. Ellen knew, she no longer walked, like a little girl. She no longer felt, like a little girl. Ellen could feel, the invading butt plug, inside of her. It was a constant reminder, of her servitude, and her maturity.
Ellen walked, to the full-length mirror, in the hallway. She paused, to admire herself. The ravishing, young woman, who looked back at her, was like a stranger to her.
Ellen posed for herself, as she slowly turned around. There was nothing immature, about the woman, in the mirror. It was hard for Ellen to accept, the mature young woman, looking back at her, as herself.
The effect, of the large golden loops, in her ears, and the tattoo on her breast, accentuated her maturity. Ellen shuddered with delight, as she thought, to herself, "I'm a woman, for sure. I'm, my mistress's slave. I'm, her whore."
Ellen was ecstatic, with life, and lust. She said, to herself, I will please my mistress, by pleasing her man.
Ellen approached the sleeping man, on the couch in the den. She stood before him, looking down, at his sleeping form. She saw him, not as her uncle, but as her mistress's, customer. Her intent, as she removed the cover, from him, was not to please him, or herself. Her intent, was to please, her mistress.
Ellen's heart began to race, as her eyes fell, onto the man's erection. Ellen's vagina flushed, with moisture, and lust. Ellen began to masturbate, herself, to passion.
Ellen's body, was filled with lust, and passion. Her body, wanted to fuck. Every nerve in her body, was vibrating, with sexual energy.
Ellen knelt beside, the sleeping customer. As she watched, he turned onto his back. He displayed, his full erection to her, as he slept. Ellen worked her self up, with her hand, while she filled her mouth, with saliva.
Ellen lowered her head. She took to cock, into her mouth. His cock became as wet, and shiny, as her cunt. Ellen sucked him to passion, and wakefulness.
He, instinctively, took her head. He masturbated himself, with her wet, velvet smooth, mouth. His lust, raised. His eye's, sparkled.
Ellen pulled back, from him. She stood, displaying her full body, to him.
"Do you think, I'm sexy?" Do you like, my tits?"
Ellen smiled coyly.
"Do you want, to fuck me?"
"You fucking, little, whore, get your ass over here. I want a piece of it."
Ellen approached him, demurely.
"You're so big, and strong. Please, don't hurt me. I'm just, a little girl."
Ellen watched the lust, flair in his eyes, as his erection began to pulse. Ellen knelt, next to him. She spoke, with a whimper.
"I'm, so, naughty. I can't, help myself."
She spoke, with a demure voice. Almost, in a whisper.
"I want to be, a good girl. Please make me, good. I want to be, so, good, for you."
She spoke, pleadingly, as she lay across, his lap.
"Please."
Jim grinned, as he spanked her. Ellen loved the sensations, from the fresh pain, of his spanking hand. She felt, the dull pain, of her bruises. Ellen's lust, was raging. Her cunt was open, and wet. She wanted to please him, for her mistress.
Her vagina, wanted the erection, for it's own pleasure. It was as if, her vagina, was a separate person, living with her. Ellen knew in her heart, that her vagina, would have command her, to fuck Jim, even if her mistress, had not.
Ellen knew, that she was a slave, to them both. She reveled, in her servitude. She was a willing slave, to her mistress, and to her own lusts. Ellen rose up, to her knees. She straddled, her aroused customer. She, slowly, settled down, onto his erection.
Ellen's vagina, took the erection, easily. It filled her fuller, than it had last night. She could feel the pressure, on the erection, from the wide butt plug, firmly in her ass. With both, solid intrusions, Ellen was full. Ellen smiled, thinking the only thing better, would be, two erections in her.
She blushed, at the thought, of two men fucking her, at the same time. The idea, set her on fire. She no longer thought, like a little girl. She did not feel, like a little girl. The raging lust that drove her, was not the curious lust, of a girl. Her lust was full, and deep. Ellen fucked, like the young woman, she had become.
Ellen fucked her customer, like a pro. Ellen could feel, Jim's erection, swelling, for his orgasm. A sense of disappointment, crossed her mind. Ellen, was raging. She knew it would be over, before she reached her climax. She did not let her customer know, of her frustration.
She fucked him, to completion. Just before, he reached his climax, he, roughly, rolled her over, onto her back. He fucked her hard, and deep.
His lust, was for himself. The writhing woman below him, was just a cunt, to ejaculate in. He slammed himself, into her. Jim's erection, became his weapon, of domination. Ellen loved the, rough, raw, sex. She wanted to fuck, forever. He wanted to feel her, tight, vagina around his cock, as he came.
His orgasm was intense, and full. He flooded her, with his semen, and his lust. Jim's orgasm, was for him, and him, alone. Ellen slipped off, his softening erection, and cleaned it, with her mouth. Jim was satisfied. Ellen was not.
Ellen smiled, as she thought; My mistress, will satisfy me soon. Ellen remembered, her mistress's orders. She removed her heel's and stockings, before she went to the kitchen. She was naked, for her mistress, as she made the coffee.
Ellen couldn't, keep her hand, out of her, wet, vagina. She worked, as a domestic servant. As she worked, at her menial chores, she managed to get herself, a small orgasm.
Her small orgasm, calmed her a little. It did not calm, the raging lust in her vagina. Ellen returned to the den, as the coffee brewed. Jim was, no longer, in the room. Ellen looked at the mess. She began to clean, and straighten the room. She continued neatening. As she worked, she found herself, in the doorway, of the master bedroom.
Jim was on top, of Sherry. He was fucking her, with the passion, Ellen had wanted. Ellen's attention, was on her mistress. Sherry was in, the throes of passion. Ellen watched, her mistress's lust, and passion, rise to fruition. Ellen thought to herself, She is, so, beautiful.
Ellen's passion rose, with her mistress's passion. Sherry's passion, was raised, by her husband's erection. Ellen's passion, was raised with her hand. Sherry's lust, excited Ellen.
Ellen was sure, her lust for Sherry, was not because she was a lesbian. Ellen's lust for Sherry, came from, her enslavement, by her mistress. Ellen knew in her heart, she was a slave. Even the thought, sent shivers of excitement, through her body, and her mind.
Ellen saw, her mistress glowing, as Jim left her, to go into the bathroom. Sherry called Ellen, to her, with her eyes. Ellen knew, her place,. She was happy to kneel, between her mistress legs. The, heady, aroma of sex, filled the bed. Ellen's lust, filled her vagina, with juices, as Ellen filled her mouth, with her mistress's juices, mingled with fresh semen.
Ellen loved the taste, of semen, mixed with the taste, of an aroused woman. Sherry accepted Ellen's services, as a pleasure slave. Sherry used her slave, to finish what Jim, had started. Sherry was sure, it was time, to change men. Sherry changed husbands, like dresses. Every season, brought a new style.
Sherry was bored, with him. His rough passion, had excited her, at first. It was losing, its effect on her, quickly. Sherry filled Ellen's mouth, with her passion. Sherry grinned down at Ellen.
"Is my slave, horny?"
Ellen bowed, her head.
"Yes mistress."
Ellen looked up at her mistress, with pleading eyes.
"I'm so horny, I want to rape someone. Anyone."
Ellen lowered her head.
"Anyone my mistress, gives me."
"First coffee. Lust, like good coffee, must brew awhile, or it will be weak, and tasteless. Watered down sex, is nasty. I'll have, none of it. I will have you. Hot, wet, and obedient. Go serve coffee, on the patio
"Yes mistress."
Ellen left, the bedroom, to serve coffee, and her mistress, on the patio. Ellen waited for her mistress. Ellen was masturbating, as she waited.
Ellen had just finished a small orgasm, when Sherry arrived, with her man, in tow. Jim's eyes, and attention, were not on Sherry. He thought, only, of the slave, that served his wife.
Ellen served the coffee, and pastries. Ellen made sure, she posed herself, at all times. Ellen moved within Jim's reach, at regular intervals. She suffered his crude groping, with smiles. Ellen was dripping with lust, not from Jim's, rough, handling, and leering gaze. What excited Ellen, was her servitude, to her mistress.
When they were finished, Sherry kissed her man.
"Go have fun today. After the game, go to the whore house, and deposit your lust, in one, or more, of the whores."
Sherry looked at Ellen, and commanded.
"Turn around. Bend over. Show your uncle, your new toy."
Ellen bent, in her servitude. Ellen's face was bright red, as she spread, her ass cheeks. She displayed, the butt plug, in her ass, for her uncles view."
"A young woman's first ass fucking, should be long, and slow. It must last long enough, to justify the pain. I will not have, my new slave, turned off, by ass fucking."
Jim got up. He kissed Sherry, briefly. He inquired, as he leered at Ellen's display.
"When, should I return?"
"Around 10:00, will be fine."
Jim stepped up to Ellen. He pulled her up, roughly. He turned her around. He kissed her, lewdly.
"I'll be back, for that virgin ass. I'll fuck, your sweet cunt, till you can't walk. Then, I'll turn you over, and fill your virgin ass, with my cum."
Ellen shivered, at the crude words. Ellen felt, like a slut.
"I serve my mistress. You can have my ass, if she gives it to you. If she doesn't, you'll have to jack off."
Jim snarled.
"Fucking bitch, you'll give my your ass tonight, or I'll take it. If your mistress doesn't like it, I'll butt fuck, both of you."
Jim stormed out of the house, in a rage, slamming the door behind him.
Sherry was amused.
"Just think of him, as a useful dildo. I do."
Sherry, and her slave, retired, to the walk-in bathtub. Ellen served her mistress, well. Sherry accepted, her slave's ministrations. She returned Ellen's kisses, with spanks, and lashes. Ellen, was on fire. She was whimpering, with need. Sherry loved, to see the lust, in her slaves' eyes.
Sherry was in love, with Ellen's pleadings. Sherry took her, to the bedroom. She threw the naked slave, onto the bed. Sherry's eyes were narrowed, with lust, and excitement. She spoke, with her whip in her hand.
"Beg, bitch. Tell me, of your need. Beg like a slut, in heat."
Sherry methodically, beat her slave, as she stroked, her own cunt. Ellen was wailing, and pleading.
"Please, I need it so. Beat my ass. Fuck me. Please."
Sherry was furious, as she screamed at her slave, punctuating her words with the whip.
"I don't want to hear, a little girl beg. I don't want to hear, a woman beg. I want to hear, a slut beg. I want to hear, slutty, words, coming out of your, slutty, mouth, like the juice falls out of, your slutty cunt."
Ellen let go of, any nice girl, that was inside of her. She had always acted like a slut, in her fantasies. She had never had the courage, to act like a slut, in the real world. The words, coming out of her, slutty, mouth, raped the 'nice little girl,' inside of her.
Ellen became the slut ,of her fantasies, as she begged, for her mistress.
"Fuck me, mistress. Fuck me, in my mouth. Fuck my, wet, cunt. Fuck my, little asshole. Make me cum. I'm as hot, as a street whore. I fucking want, a fucking cock, in my fucking cunt. Make my hot pussy, hotter."
Ellen was sparkling. Her eyes were alive with lust, and longing, for her mistress.
"Please, fuck your, dirty, whore. I'll suck, your cunt. I'll lick, your shoes. I'll peddle my ass, on the street. Just, fuck me. My cunt is, hot. I want to be fucked, right now. Any way, you want to fuck me. Make my pussy drip, like a whore, who loves her work."
Sherry was pleased, with her niece's education. Sherry lay down on the bed ,spreading her legs.
"Make me cum, and I'll let you jack off, for me."
Ellen went about her task, with enthusiasm, and Sherry's dildo. Ellen lost none, of her slutty ways, nor did she stop, giving her mistress slutty words.
"I love your cunt, mistress. The smell, drives me crazy. I love, the feel of it. I love, the taste of it. I love to feel, my mouth, fill with your cum. My pussy drips, for you."
Ellen sank her face, into the depths, of Sherry's, open, wet, cunt. She was, eating her. She was, sucking her. Ellen was beaming, inside, as her mistress spasmed, with her orgasm. Ellen wanted, so much, to please her.
"I want to watch, you cum."
Ellen began a dance of lust, for her mistress. She was on her knees, with her legs spread, apart. Ellen swayed ,to the music, in her head. She made love, to her mistress, with her eyes. Ellen began to rise up, to her orgasm. She was, so, hot, it took no time, at all. Ellen's nostrils, flared, as her hands, moved faster.
"Please, fuck me. I want your mouth, and your hands on me. Please, use me. I want to fuck, for you. I'll fuck anyone, for you. Please. I need more. My hands, are not enough."
Sherry threw the dildo, to Ellen.
"Amuse me."
Ellen grinned, as she picked up, he shiny wet dildo. She pushed it, into her, open, vagina. Ellen used the dildo, on herself, for her mistress' pleasure, and for her, own lust.
"I love to fuck. I love to fuck, for you. I'm such, a slut. My pussy drips, for you."
Ellen moved closer, to Sherry.
"I'm so naughty. I need, a spanking. It would make me, so, good."
Ellen plead, with her mistress. She plead, with her eyes, and her mouth.
"Please, make me good. I'll cum so hard, for you. Please."
Sherry used her whip, on Ellen's, bare, ass. Sherry punished her, in earnest. Ellen began, to moan. The pain brought on her orgasm, in shuddering waves. She shouted out, to her mistress, as she came.
"I'm coming. I'm coming, for you. My pussy, is yours. My pleasure, is for you."
Ellen fell back, unable to hold herself up, any longer. She made sure, she was properly displayed, for her mistress. Ellen shook, with waves of pleasure. Ellen's gaze was fixed, on her mistress, as she convulsed, and writhed. Ellen's words, were almost unintelligible.
"It's for you, mistress, my cum, is for you."
Sherry said wickedly, "Not good enough, bitch. I'll make, you cum." Sherry rose up, onto her knees. She used her whip, on Ellen's tits. She spoke, sternly.
"Use that dildo, like a horny man. Rape yourself, for me. Make it hurt."
Ellen used the dildo, like Jim had used his cock, on her, last night. Ellen loved the pain, of her violent rape, of herself. She was screaming out her pleasure, in sounds, and moans. The only words, she used, were her vulgar commands, to herself.
"Harder, bitch. Do it harder. Fucking slut. Whore. Bitch."
Ellen obeyed, her own commands. Ellen lost all sense of time, and circumstances, as she made a show, for her mistress. Ellen's orgasm peaked, with convulsions, of lust. Before she could take her after glow, Sherry spoke.
"Get your, dirty, mouth, on my cunt. Suck me dry. Make me cum.
"Yes mistress. I love, to bring you pleasure."
Sherry accepted Ellen's devotion, and her, busy, tongue.
"So do I, woman. So do I."
Sherry spent the day, playing with her new slave. Sherry took Ellen to her room. She spent the morning, playing dolls. Ellen was the doll. Sherry dressed Ellen, and undressed her. Sherry made Ellen, service her, in many different outfits. Sherry kept Ellen, in a constant state, of arousal.
Sherry let Ellen get off, a few times. Each time, Sherry commanded her.
"Make a show of it. Good sex, is theater."
Ellen discovered, she was aroused, by forced exhibitionism. Sherry wove illusions, with her words. She made Ellen, play out the fantasies. Ellen served her mistress, many times, in many ways.
Through it all, Ellen was always, aware of the bulk, of the securely embedded butt plug. It was a, constant, reminder, of her coming violation. Ellen shivered, with anticipation, tartly flavored, with fear, throughout the day.
Sherry made, Ellen serve dinner, naked. Sherry served Ellen, little bites of food, from her fork. Sherry also feed Ellen, wine from her glass. When Sherry was finished, she led Ellen back to the bedroom. Ellen undressed her mistress, then ministered to her mistress's needs.
Ellen used her mouth, her hands, and her mistress's dildo, in service, to her mistress. When Sherry was satisfied, she spoke to Ellen.
"It's time to get ready, for your date."
Sherry laid Ellen, on her back. Sherry used the whip, on Ellen, making Ellen, pull her knees up, to her chest, baring Sherry's favorite target. Ellen was hot, and horny. Sherry silenced Ellen, with a look, and a finger over her lips
Ellen whimpered her need, and begged, with her eyes. Sherry gripped the flange, of the butt plug, in her hand. She, slowly, fucked Ellen, with it. The pulsing of the plug, excited Ellen. She remembered, the pain of its insertion. She knew, it would hurt, just as much, coming out.
Each time that Sherry pulled back, she pulled the plug, a little further, out of her ass. Sherry brought it, almost out, several times. Ellen's eyes, were weeping, real, tears, from, real, pain. Ellen's vagina was weeping, aromatic lubrication. Sherry was careful, as the butt plug, came out. Sherry kept, the widest part of the plug, surrounded, by the tight muscle, for a long time.
For Ellen, that time, was forever. The pain, from the tightly stretched muscle, was, so, intense, that Ellen swooned. Sherry finally allowed, the thick part, of the plug, to slide out. Ellen's muscle, tried to expel, the foreign object.
Sherry would not, allow it. Sherry used the butt plug, like a short dildo. The steep cone, of the plug, moved, smoothly, in and out. Ellen's asshole, became used, to the slow expansion, and contraction. Sherry, finally, let the plug slide out. She replaced it, with her, freshly, greased up, dildo. Ellen was not expecting, the fresh intrusion.
Ellen was, in full heat. Every nerve, tingled.
"Get yourself off. It excites me, so."
Sherry placed one of Ellen's hands, on the dildo, and the other hand on her cunt. Ellen looked at her mistress, with lust, as she began, her own violation.
Ellen, now, knew, her mistress had been right, about the pain, becoming lust. Ellen was soon screaming profanities, as she thrashed about, with the intensity of her orgasm.
Ellen experienced her deepest, strongest, orgasm ever. Ellen's orgasm, was for her mistress's, pleasure, in her mistress's, view. Performing for her mistress, brought Ellen as much pleasure, as the orgasm itself.
Sherry and Ellen, bathed together, in a, light, playful, air. Ellen served her mistress, as a personal maid. Sherry held her brief panties in place, while Ellen tied the panties together, high on Sherry's hips. Ellen laced Sherry, into a very brief, short purple corset, which cinched her waist, and supported her breasts. The tight corset, pushed Sherry's breasts up, forming a deep cleavage
Sherry slipped on, a thigh high, simple white sheath, that zipped down the front, to below her navel. The sheath was cut low, displaying her, ample, cleavage. The dress was tight enough, to show her prominent ass. The dress was split, up one side, allowing her to walk, and to spread her knees, when she knelt.
Sherry handed Ellen, her clothes. She handed her, each article of clothing, one at a time. The panties, once Ellen figured out, how to put them on, only covered her pubic triangle. The thin strap, that went up the crack of her ass, reminded Ellen, of Sherry's intent, for her, tonight.
Underneath her skirt, and blouse, she was, otherwise, naked. Ellen's white blouse, buttoned, up the front. Ellen's white skirt, was full, and short.
The fullness of the skirt, brought attention, from her ass, to her tits. Ellen's tits, were brought into prominence, with the addition, of a wide lavender belt, around her, trim, waist. The belt, tightened her blouse, to her chest. Her pointed nipples, were clearly visible, through the, thin, cotton, material.
Sherry unbuttoned, the two top buttons.
"A perfect picture of innocence. Mr Smith, will be pleased."
Ellen was, now used to her mistress, creating fantasy scenes, and playing them out. Sherry brushed Ellen's hair, as she spoke.
"Mr. Smith, has been so good to us, since your father died. Your father owed, a lot of money, to Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith, holds the mortgage, to our house. We'll be homeless, if we don't please him. He has become, insistent. My services for him, and his customers, are no longer enough. He wants, an interest payment. You, are the interest payment, that he demands."
"No. I can't, do it. I won't, do it.
Sherry was furious, as she screamed.
"You'll do it. You have no choice. He's on his way. He is, so, demanding. Your protests, will only excite him. They won't stop him. He will have you, tonight. You will entertain him, and his clients, from now on. I've kept us off of the streets, since your father died. Now it's your turn."
Ellen was defiant.
"No, you can't make me do it."
Sherry pushed Ellen, off the chair, onto the ground. Sherry lifted up, Ellen's dress. She began to spank Ellen, with a belt.
"I can, make you, greet him, at the door. He'll do the rest."
Ellen was crying, as Sherry pulled her back up, and fixed her hair.
Sherry led Ellen, into the den. She sat her down, on the couch. Sherry poured Ellen, a sweet, smooth, potent, alcohol drink.
"Drink this. It'll help."
Ellen drank the drink. It went down, so, smooth. It went to her head, so, fast. When Jim arrived, awhile later, Sherry met him, at the door. She held Ellen, pouting, next to her. Jim was, also, used, to Sherry's role playing games. He took his cue, from her.
"Jim it's so good, to see you. You'll be glad you came. Ellen, and I, will entertain you, tonight. As you can see, she's a little reluctant. I'm sure, you can overcome, her objections."
Sherry pulled Ellen, up to Jim.
"She's just shy. Give her a kiss. She'll respond."
Jim took Ellen, by the hair. He pulled her up, to a lewd kiss, as he mauled her tits, with the other hand.
"Come right this way, Jim."
Sherry led Jim, to the den. She seated him, on the couch. Jim never let go, of Ellen's hair, along the way.
Sherry stood, before Jim. She unzipped her dress, to below the navel, as she handed him, a drink. She knelt, before him.
"I hope you enjoy, your interest payment. I dressed her up, real nice."
Jim was pawing Ellen. Ellen wasn't, fighting. She was, resisting. Sherry rose, to her feet. She stepped up, to Ellen. She slapped her, soundly. She removed, Ellen's, wide, belt.
"You ungrateful slut. I'm, not too good, to turn tricks. Neither, are you."
Sherry pulled Ellen's skirt, up. She used the belt, on her, bare, ass.
"Kiss him."
Jim pulled her up, to him. He held her mouth, close to him. Sherry continued to slash, at Ellen, with the leather belt. Ellen was crying, when she, finally, gave in. She kissed Jim, lightly. Sherry pulled Ellen's head up, glaring into her eyes. Her voice was filled with venom.
"Kiss him, like a whore." He's paying for a whore. You're the whore, he's paying for. Give him, his moneys worth, or I'll beat you, until you do."
Ellen knelt up on the couch, beside Jim.
"Please, don't make me do it. Please."
Jim laughed.
"You're cute, when you beg. It'll do, no good. But, it's cute."
Jim took hold, of her blouse, on either side. He pulled it apart. Ellen's buttons, flew across the room. Her tit's were naked, to his gaze.
Jim pulled, the blouse back, behind her, capturing her arms behind her body. He kissed her, with an open mouth, and his, insistent, tongue. He tied the blouse tails together, binding her arms, behind her back.
Jim pulled back. He admired her, with a lustful gaze. She knelt before him, in bondage, with her head bowed, in submission. Her eyes, filled with tears.
"Sweet"
Jim fondled, Ellen's tits. He forced kisses, from her mouth.
Sherry stepped out, of her dress. She stood, before Jim.
"My daughter, will entertain you, well. I know, what you like. I'll take care of you. You unwrap your present, and play with your, new, toy."
Sherry knelt, before Jim. She disrobed him. Jim disrobed. His, new, conquest.
Jim commanded Ellen.
"Kiss me. Open that sweet mouth, just like I will open, that sweet pussy."
Ellen was, totally, into the role, her mistress, had given her. Ellen was crying, as she kissed Jim, with an open, wet, mouth. Jim spanked her, soundly.
"Put some passion, into it. I can enjoy, your kisses. I can also enjoy, beating your ass."
Ellen renewed her tears, as she kissed Jim, with passion.
"That's better. Give me, your tits."
Ellen started to comply, when Jim slapped her soundly, but not painfully.
"When I give you a command, you will answer, 'Yes sir.' Try it again. Give me your tits, to kiss."
Ellen spoke, with her head bowed.
"Yes sir."
Ellen rose up high, on her knees. She offered Jim, her tits, holding them, in her hands, while feeding them, into his mouth.
Sherry had disrobed him, from the waist down. Sherry was kissing, Jim's cock, with the same passion, that was being, demanding from Ellen. Jim sucked Ellen's, offered, tits. Jim sucked her tits, to fullness. He nipped her nipples, to full erection.
Sherry spoke. from her position of servitude.
"Her mouth, is like velvet. Try it."
Jim's grin widened, as he held Ellen's face, close to his.
"Kiss me, bitch. All over."
Ellen kissed, as Jim controlled her head. He moved her head, around his body. Jim spanked Ellen, as she kissed, his body. Jim's commands were insistent, he wanted her tongue, on every part of his body. Jim, regularly, brought her head, back to his mouth.
Jim was insistent. He demanded Ellen's tongue, on his body, and in his mouth. Jim spanked her, into compliance. Jim's hand, was big. He was strong. Jim pulled Ellen up, to his mouth. He kissed her, lewdly.
"You're so pretty. You'll be my, pretty, cocksucker."
"Please, I can't do it. I've never done it, before. It's dirty. I can't put that, in my mouth."
Jim smiled.
"You don't have to put it in, your mouth. I'll do it, for you."
Jim was grinning, as he pushed the struggling girl, down onto his erection.
I paid for, dirty love. I'll have it."
Jim held Ellen's head, onto his erection, as he fucked his cock, into her mouth. Sherry had risen, to her feet. She walked behind, the kneeling, struggling, girl, Sherry applied the whip, to her, upturned ass, several times.
"She'll warm, to it. Play with her ass, isn't it nice?"
Ellen was, still, struggling. Sherry stood, behind her. She laid stripes, on Ellen's thighs. Jim mauled, her tits, and spanked, her ass. Sherry's voice was cold, and harsh.
"You think, you are too good, to suck a cock. You little bitch. You will give him your mouth, your cunt, and your tight, little, asshole."
Ellen wailed. As she did, Jim took advantage. of her open mouth. He pushed his cock, deeper into Ellen's, unwilling mouth. The pain in Ellen's thighs, became to great for her. Her lust was to high, to resist any longer.
Ellen stopped struggling. She began to suck Jim's cock, in earnest. Ellen took the erection deep into her throat. Sherry walked in front, of Jim. She kissed him, lewdly.
"Just like I said. Her mouth is like velvet, once she warms up, to it. Spank her ass, it'll warm up, her pussy."
Jim was smiling, broadly, as he spanked Ellen's, taught, ass. Ellen became completely, engrossed ,into her job. Her job, was to please her mistress. She would please her mistress, by pleasing her mistress's man.
Jim, only, pleased himself. He fucked Ellen's willing mouth, with long deep thrusts. Jim wanted, it all. Ellen took, it all. Jim's cock was deep, in Ellen's throat, when his orgasm, exploded.
Jim pulled his cock, out of her throat, and into her mouth, as he finished, his ejaculation. Jim looked down, at Ellen.
"Swallow it, like a whore."
Ellen was back, to her role, as an, unwilling, participant. She began crying, as she swallowed his cum. Jim looked down at her, with satisfaction, as he, slowly, stroked his softening erection, in and out, of her crying face.
Sherry pulled Ellen, to her feet.
"You'll serve, your client. Get him, a drink. Hold yourself up. Show him, your tits. Walk slow, the client will always, want to see your rolling ass, as you walk."
Ellen complied, with her orders, without a willing attitude, or a smile. Sherry forced Ellen, onto her knees, before Jim.
"Kneel up nice, so he can play, with your tit's. Kiss the glass, before you hand it to him."
Ellen complied.
Jim was feeling Ellen up, between drinks. Sherry spoke softly, to Ellen. Her voice dripped, with sugar.
"Ask him, if there is any way, you may serve him."
"No, please."
Sherry stood up. She had a wicked, smile, on her face, and a whip, in her hand.
"You stuck up, little bitch. You think you're better, than me? I'll show you."
Sherry, methodically, used the whip, on Ellen's ass. Jim sampled her charms, and licked her tears. Ellen finally relented.
"Please stop. I'll do it."
Ellen looked up at Jim. She spoke, with a quivering voice.
"Is there any way, I can serve you, sir."
Sherry slapped her, as she leered down at her.
"Say it again. This time, mean it. Say it, with a smile."
Sherry pulled Ellen's head, to her.
"Fake it, if you must. You'll learn, how to please, you client."
Ellen turned back to Jim, with a forced smile.
"Is there anyway, I can serve you, sir."
"I want to see, all of it. Dance for me. If your pussy isn't wet, when you're done, I'll beat you, from your shoulders, to your knees. Then I'll grease you up, and fuck you, anyway."
Ellen rose to her feet. Sherry put on, some music, lowered the lights and switched on, a, small, soft spot. The floor, in the middle of the room, was bathed in light. Ellen stepped into, the spot of light. She began to sway, to the music. Ellen was, totally, excited, about displaying herself, to a man's, lustful, gaze.
Ellen could not pretend, to resist. Ellen danced, to raise Jim's lust. Jim's lust. raised Ellen's passion. Ellen's passion, raised Jim's erection.
Sherry was kneeling on the couch, next to Jim. She cooed into his mouth, between kisses.
"Her pussy is, as soft, and smooth, as her mouth. It'll never be tighter, than it is now. You'll have the best piece of ass, this little whore, will ever give."
Jim could contain his lust, no longer. He rose, to his feet. He went to, Ellen's swaying form.
"On your back, bitch. You served me, on your knees, now you will serve me, on your back. That's the only, two positions, a whore has, of any value in."
Ellen sank, onto the thick, padded, carpet. She lay back, in submission.
"Show me that pot of gold, between your legs."
Ellen rolled the tiny panties, from her hips, and off her ankles. Ellen, coyly, smiled at Jim, as she opened her legs. Her vagina, was open, and wet.
Sherry put a pillow, under Ellen's head, and another one, under her ass. Sherry smiled, at Jim.
"Her pussy is sweet. Taste it, for your self. You'll have the first drink, from her tight hole."
Jim dipped his head, between Ellen's legs. He orally assaulted, her wet, willing, cunt.
Ellen was no longer resisting, in any way. Ellen's vagina, was throbbing, with passion. Her hips, pushed themselves up, to Jim's tongue, without her willing it. Ellen's vagina, was taking the lust, it demanded. Ellen's vagina, was no longer her own. Ellen's vagina, was Jim's willing, partner, in her own violation.
"She's, sweet."
Jim moved up, between Ellen's legs. He fit the head, of his erection, into the mouth, of Ellen's vagina. Ellen's vagina, yearned for more. Ellen's hips were rocking, to their own rhythm. Ellen's wet vagina, sent waves, of pure pleasure, throughout her body, as it, willingly, accepted Jim's erection.
Jim began to fuck Ellen, with pleasure. Ellen fucked him, for her mistress's pleasure. Ellen's vagina, took the pleasure, it had been yearning for.
Sherry's pleasure, was being in, total, control, of it all. Jim's orgasm was violent, and explosive. Ellen's orgasm, had not yet ripened. Sherry's pleasure, was more intense, than an orgasm. The pleasure of domination, filled Sherry's mind.
Jim was satisfied, for the moment. Sherry led him back, to the couch. Sherry fed Jim his drink, from her mouth. Sherry fed him alcohol, tits, and tongue. Jim's erection, rose with his passion.
"She will be submissive, as soon as you take her ass. She'll serve you, because she loves it. Or, she'll serve you, because she fears it. Either way, you'll have a willing whore, to use, or sell."
Ellen sobbed, from her position, on her back, in the light.
"Please. Don't. It'll hurt so bad."
Sherry sank to her knees, between Ellen's legs. She dipped her head down, to raise Ellen's passion, with her tongue.
"Yes little one. It'll hurt, so bad. You'll love it."
Sherry raised Ellen's passion, with her tongue. The scene before him, raised Jim's lust.
Jim crawled, across the floor. He took Sherry's position, between Ellen's legs. Sherry had a tube of lubricant. She greased Jim's cock, as she stroked his passion, into lust. Sherry ordered Ellen, to pull up, her legs.
Ellen held her legs, behind her knees, as she rolled her hips up, displaying her, bruised, ass. Sherry squeezed a glob of lubricant, onto Ellen's, tiny, asshole. Sherry worked the smooth gel, into Ellen's ass.
Ellen found it hard, to play her part, as a victim. Ellen no longer feared, the pain. Ellen was yearning, for the exquisite pain, she knew, would turn, to deep pleasure. Sherry fit the erection, into place . Jim's lust, drove it home.
The Pain was, so, intense. Ellen lost consciousness, for a moment. Jim took no notice, of her. He was engrossed, in the sensations, brought to his cock, by Ellen's tight ass.
The passion, in Ellen's vagina, brought her back, to consciousness, with waves, of, delicious, pleasure. The pain in Ellen's ass, subsided. The erotic sensation, the pain had brought with it, did not subside. The waves of pleasure, got bigger, as Ellen's passion, rose.
Jim's lust had been spent, on the whores, before he arrived. And, by his, explosive, ejaculations, since he arrived. Jim's lust, was spent. His passion, was full. Jim fucked Ellen's ass, almost gently.
Jim was in his own world, of pleasure. Jim reveled, in the sensations, Ellen's, tight, ass. brought to his cock. Jim also reveled, in the claiming, of Ellen's innocence. Ellen was a virgin, when he arrived into her life.
Ellen only lost her virginities, this weekend. Ellen had lost her innocence, a long time ago, in the recesses, of her, active, imagination.
Ellen began to orgasm. It was not, the driving orgasm, of lust. Ellen's orgasm was, from deep inside, herself. The orgasm came, in gentle waves, of pleasure. Each wave of pleasure, became more intense.
Ellen's body was vibrating, with pleasure. Ellen fucked Jim's cock, with her, rocking, thrusting, hips. She fucked him, to get him off. It was more like giving him a hand job, than fucking him. Jim's orgasm was sudden, and violent. Jim drove his cock, deep into her bowels. He deposited his seed, in a sterile field.
For Jim, the night was done. Sherry led him to the couch. She covered him. She put a pillow under his head. Sherry took Ellen, by the arm. She turned out the lights, as she led Ellen, to the, walk in, bathtub.
Ellen's vagina, was as finished, as Jim was. Her vagina was fast asleep, between her legs. Sherry was, wide-awake. So was her, greedy, mouth, and her vagina. Ellen served her mistress, through the night. She served her, in many ways.
Ellen's pleasure, was full. She served her mistress, with devotion. Ellen drank the secretions, of Sherry's lust, with pleasure. Ellen loved, to bring her mistress's lust up. She loved to drink, from her mistress's, flowing fountain. Ellen slept peacefully, in her mistress's arms. She slept a sweet, contented sleep. It was the sleep, of a satisfied woman.
POST SCRIPT
Ellen woke bright, and alert, from a sharp slap, on her ass. Ellen's eyes fell,onto her mistress, who had just, gotten out of the shower. Sherry was also, bright, and alert.
"Get your, lazy, ass up. Take care of yourself, then clean this room. This morning, you are a domestic servant. I'll put on the coffee. You'll serve it."
Sherry's eyes twinkled.
"Nude."
Ellen sat up, in the bed. She rose, to her feet.
"Hurry up. Your mother will be here soon. She will see enough, without seeing you serve me, naked."
At the mention of her mother, Ellen's spirit dropped. Sherry grabbed Ellen's hair, and snarled into her face.
"If you turn into a simpering child, for your simpering mother, I'll beat your ass. You will not, like it. I birthed a woman, this weekend. Act like it. You lost your dependence, on your mother's approval, with the loss of your virginity."
Sherry turned, and left the room. Ellen went about the tasks, her mistress had given her.
Ellen served Sherry,and her man, coffee, and pastries. Ellen was submissive, and tame, as she followed, her mistress's orders. Other than Ellen's nudity, there was no sign of sexuality, at the table.
Sherry spoke, to Jim.
"Pack everything in the car, ready to go, except my bag. I will deal with that."
Sherry turned, to Ellen.
"Go get dressed, in something your mother will approve of. Do not, cover my property patch. You will display it, proudly. Come to the bedroom, when you are done.
"Yes mistress."
Ellen arrived in the bedroom, in proper attire. Sherry's property patch, was on display, on Ellen's breast. Sherry turned Ellen around, for inspection.
"You look, like a woman. You walk, like a woman. Act, like a woman. My slaves, are not children."
Sherry handed Ellen a pill, and a glass of water." Ellen looked down, at the pill in her hand, with a puzzled look. Sherry said, "It is your morning after pill. Take it, unless you want to watch, your belly swell. Ellen took the pill. She swallowed it, without hesitation.
Sherry said, "You will go the Planned Parenthood, and get your birth control pills. You will not have sex, without protection, unless you know that the person has been certified free, of any STD, as Jim is."
Ellen gasped.
"The biker, in the tattoo shop."
"The biker had his health certificate, hanging on the wall. A piercer, must be certified, every three months. They are, usually, a safe fuck. He took a bigger chance, than you did.
Sherry pulled out a box. She handed it, to Ellen.
"Do not take the free rubbers, at the clinic. They are like fucking with an inner tube, and taste just as nasty. These are, fine condoms. They are almost nonexistent, in your mouth, or your cunt. There are, ten of them. I'll return, in 10 weeks. I expect them to be gone.
You will write me a story, for every one of them. You will e-mail, the stories to me. I expect the stories, to excite me as much, as if I had been watching."
Sherry sat Ellen down. She spoke, seriously.
"Lets get something straight. I did nothing to you, this weekend, that you didn't want done to you. You started this, when you seduced my husband."
Sherry giggled.
"I think your cunt, was in charge of that. Until your cunt, is properly feed, it will lead, you. Many times, it will lead you to places, that you don't want to go. When I beat your ass the first time, it turned your cunt hot. You are, a little pain princess. Some women, like you, only reach full orgasm, with pain involved. If I had beat your ass, and it had turned your cunt cold, I would've only used my whip, for compliance. I'm not a stranger, in your life. I've watched you grow. I saw the signs of your submissiveness, long before you did.
Sherry handed Ellen, a gold bracelet.
"This is a slave bracelet. It locks, when you close it. It is, my, slave bracelet. Put it on, or give it back. You are not a victim, except to your own lusts."
Ellen did not hesitate. She snapped the bracelet, onto her arm. Sherry slipped a gold chain, with a tiny key, hanging from it, onto Ellen's neck. You'll serve me willingly. You carry the key, to the bracelet with you, everywhere. You can take it off, and return it to me, any time you wish. If you do, I'll still be, your auntie.
My property patch, cannot be returned. You will look at it, and remember this weekend, forever. I hope this weekend, will remain, happy memories.
Sherry paused a while, before she spoke.
"Your mother wore my bracelet, for many years, before she gave it back. She was not a victim, either. Her little cunt, was as hot, as yours. She is a submissive, slave, in her heart, like you. She loved turning tricks, for me. She also loved, the money it brought. You do not buy a house like this, on your father's wages. She is no longer, an avid hooker, but she still works, part time, in my whorehouse, to keep her living standards up. Don't allow her, to palm off her virtue, to you, as if it were real."
Sherry laughed.
"As you get older, you will learn, the virtue of this society, is a paper dress, discarded, at a moment's notice."
Sherry handed Ellen, a thick stack of bills.
This is the money you earned, this weekend. The little roll play, with the money was fun, but your virginity was worth much more, than the money Jim handed you. You work for me, as long as you wear that bracelet. The money you earn, turning tricks, will be divided between us. Even, if I am not present, I'm still your pimp. I will be your pimp, until, either I take the bracelet, off of your arm, or you do. If you ever hold out, on me, I'll take the bracelet back. That will be the end, of our business arrangements. I hope that our business arrangements will work, as well as this weekend has. Get yourself ready to greet your mother, who loves you dearly, as I do."
Sherry and Ellen, met her mother at the door, with kisses, and hugs. Ellen's mother stiffened, when she saw, Ellen's golden ear loops, and her tattoo.
She snapped, at Sherry.
"She is so little. Your lust could have waited, for her to come of age.
Sherry smiled.
"She is of age. She is of age, legally. Her body, has been of age, longer than she has been legal. She is a child, only in your eyes, dear sister. To everyone else, she is a young woman."
Sherry displayed Ellen, as she spoke.
"Do those tits, look like the tits of a child? Does that ass, look like the ass of a child? Get real. Your baby is now, a woman."
Sherry glared at her sister.
"You will treat her like a woman, from now on. Have I made myself clear?"
Ellen's mother, lowered her head.
"Yes Sherry."
Sherry brightened up. She handed an envelope, to her sister.
"These are your tickets, for the cruise ship. You, and Bill, are going to the South Sea islands, for two weeks. I'll be here, to watch the house. The second week of my visit, Patrick will be here. I'm looking forward, to it. I'll take care of, both of the young adults, that live here."
"Not Patrick."
Sherry laughed, aloud.
"Patrick, and I, are old friends. I have taught him a lot, through the years."
Ellen's mother spoke, snidely.
"You are his aunt, his blood relative, it's incest."
Sherry laughed.
"Relax, we have no intention, of getting married. You can be sure, he'll not get me pregnant. We will have a grand, family reunion."
Kiss be goodbye. I am sure, that you will want to acquaint yourself, with your new sister, Ellen."
Sherry glared at her sister.
"She is no longer, your little girl. I won't tolerate, you treating her like a child, any longer. After this weekend, I can guarantee you, she is a woman, in every way. Have I made myself clear, little sister?"
Ellen's mother bowed her head, and lowered eyes.
"Yes ma'am."
I shall return in ten weeks. Sherry pushed Ellen, into her mother's arms. She picked up her arm, and put it around, her mothers shoulder. Ellen's mother saw the bracelet, on her daughter's arm. She saw the golden key, around her neck, and sighed
"My little girl, became a woman, so soon."