"For sure, this calls for a special celebration, Papito," Tatiana told her son, eyes twinkling with lustful glee.
Their first incestuous mother-and-son livestream--viewed by millions--was remarkably controversial; and yet, a major success nonetheless.
Currently, Mateo had his tongue inside his mother's mouth, and a hand down her panty.
Tatiana whimpered, gently biting her lower lip while running her hand along Mateo's exposed erect cock.
Breaking the French kiss--not ceasing to finger his wanton mother--Mateo eagerly whispered,
"There are so many things that I want the world to see what I do to you, Mom."
"~Hm-Hm, Papito~."
Far too keen, she tongued him once more. The motion of her hand accelerated. Mateo dragged down her panty, revealing her sodden pussy. He then inserted two fingers, prompting her to moan into his mouth with narrowed eyes.
Tongue lapping around hers, Mateo began pumping into her cunt even harder, rubbing her clit with his thumb. In moments, Tatiana came out of the kiss to weakly say,
"Cumming."
Tatiana's body bucked and convulsed, and squirt gushed from her snatch.
"~Fuuck~," she moaned. Even in her afterglow, the weak, whorish-looking woman did not cease jerking off her precious son.
"Cum for me. Cover Mommy's slutty pussy, Papito."
Mateo groaned and shuddered. Her smooth, beautiful hand felt so good on his cock; and he felt his cum rising. A moan slipped out.
"S-Shit, Mom... ~Mommy~!"
His balls clenched, and out soared his hot, viscous semen; splattering the entrance of his mother's pussy and soiling the panty below.
She moaned at the sight.
"~Ah, Son~... Wo...Wonderful."
Mateo puffed out. After the two caught their breaths, Mateo smirked.
"You're damn right, Mom. This was awesome. There'll be more of these celebrations to come, 'cause we, our relationship's gonna be world-famous before we know it."
Tatiana accumulated tears of joy.
"A dream... elevated," she whispered.
Beaming, she slid her hand over his cum-coated tip before bringing it to her mouth, licking off everything as if it were the tastiest treat in the world.
"Mateo, let's give it our all."
Hand-in-hand, Tatiana and Mateo were planning to soar even further in the sex industry, and they were set to receive ample amounts of backing.
__
Just two days after posting their celebratory incest video, Mateo was contacted by DiceySociety, a company that specialized in bringing beautiful, promiscuous individuals into their fray. They would transform them into either nude, slutty models, or adult actors/ actresses.
"Mom!" Mateo's cheerful voice rang out.
"Rise and shine! It's only six o'clock!"
Tatiana groaned, lying half-asleep in her son's bed. Her eyes barely unfurled but shut right back down.
"Mom, wake up!"
"Ugh," she got out, opening her eyes.
With clear weariness, she sat with a yawn, seeing her son sitting at the foot of the bed, a grin on his face.
"Yes, Mateo?"
He flashed his phone in her face.
"Take a good look. I didn't expect this to happen so fast."
She squinted, getting real close to the screen.
"Yadi yadi yada... Offer? Professional pornography? DiceySociety?"
She gasped, meeting Mateo's eyes whilst looking truly astounded.
"This is one of the largest model/porno companies and its headquarters is right here in Rhode Island?"
Mateo smirked, retracting and pocketing his phone.
"And they've taken a real liking to our relationship; the sensual work we do together."
"This is..."
Tatiana glanced away from him, hardly believing it.
"This is just... wow, Papito. This is big. So big. And so early too."
Sending her eyes back to her son, she gave a small, timid smile.
"Accepting this will drastically change our lives. I feel after a few months or so, everywhere we go, even people who don't watch porn will most certainly recognize us. In the same way I don't watch porn and know of Mia Khalifa."
"Yeah."
Mateo exhaled, never seeming happier; truly within his element.
"This is the next phase, what I really want, and what I feel we'll both come to love."
"When?" Tatiana asked, voice dripping with longing.
"The drive will be about two hours, and I'm pretty sure they opened a couple minutes ago. So whaddya say, Mom? Let's get going right away."
Tatiana found her son's expression infectious.
"Right. Give me a while to shower and get ready."
A wicked grin crossed Mateo's face.
"We haven't had sex in the shower yet, Mom..."
Tatiana blushed, cunt involuntarily growing slick with her juices once more.
"N-No, Mateo. Not yet. We'll have all kinds of sex - both at DiceySociety, and here at home."
She flashed him a playful look, climbing past him, going off the bed to wag her fat ass right in his face.
"Save that stamina of yours for now, Papito."
Mateo felt blood rushing to his cock. He wanted to reach out and squeeze his mother's ass, take her in his bed and ravish her. But he refrained, delivering a small smile.
"Alright," he simply said.
Tatiana giggled, striding away with the intent to enjoy a warm and somewhat titillating shower.
"Mom."
Tatiana stopped, looking over her shoulder with a sensual gaze that caused Mateo's cock to bob within his shorts.
"Yes, Son?"
The way she whispered that sentence: it had a strong visible effect on Mateo, making him flustered and incredibly aroused.
"Mateo?"
"I uh... Th-This doesn't mean we still can't shower together, right?"
"Of course not. If anything, this will only make our day go along faster."
Mateo sighed with relief, shining a bright smile. He knew that nothing sexual was to happen between him and his mother inside the shower, yet, he could barely contain his excitement.
Moments after being inside the shower, having the warm water cascade all 'bout their forms, things took an interesting turn; for both the mother and son were growing increasingly horny for each other.
Mateo was situated behind his mother, his thick erect cock pointing at her buttocks.
He idly rubbed soap over himself. Very quickly, his attention went to his cock, and he applied his soap-glazed hand over it, caressing it.
His breathing grew heavy as he watched his mom's thick, juicy bubble butt occasionally sway from side to side.
Looking over her shoulder to hungrily stare into her son's eyes, Tatiana caressed her cheeks, slathering them with soap.
"Son..."
Mateo couldn't help himself. He began breathing heavily, swiftly jerking his dick while eyeing the ass of his slutty mother.
"Fuck, Mom..."
Tatiana licked her lips. She wanted to move back and take him inside her, but she gathered her willpower to instead calmly say,
"Hands off that big tool of yours, Papito."
Mateo groaned.
"But, Mom, you're the sexiest ever. Your ass. Your back. Your lips. Your eyes."
He began masturbating even harder - furiously.
"I just can't help myself!"
Mateo's breath was suddenly taken away. His heart was in his throat. His penis bobbed, growing even harder. Of course it did. It was now sandwiched between his mother's divine ass cheeks.
"Mo-Mom?"
Tatiana moaned, shaking her ass--side-to-side--on his cock, letting out a giggle full of tease.
"I'm afraid sex is still off the table, Papito. It would take too long, and too much energy. Just squeeze Mommy's ass. Use me, Son. Fuck my cra-"
At a maddening pace, Mateo began pumping his cock betwixt her cheeks.
"Fuck, Mom!!!"
Tatiana whimpered, bucking her hips and feeling her son slap her hard on the ass.
"Yes, Papitoo!!! That feels so good!!! Do Mommy harder!!!"
His mother's words, her slutty voice, her big ass: Too perfect. Too hot. Too soft.
"Take it all, Mom!!!"
Mateo thrusted forward a final time, shooting his seed all over his mother's ass and back.
He shuddered, sending more semen out of his balls. Tatiana whimpered even more. She sounded so cute.
Mateo tightly squeezed her ass cheeks and slammed between them yet again, coating her backside with more of his baby batter.
"Ah, shiittt," Mateo voiced, feeling weak in the knees.
'I gave my son his first butt-job. His semen's all over my back and ass. He fucked my ass crack and-!!!'
The thought alone was too much, Tatiana reached down and rubbed her palm against her clit, immediately yelping, yelling,
"Cumming, Papito!!!", squirting all over the bathroom floor.
"Mom..."
Mateo watched his mom and her slightly arched back. He was raring to cum again, but knew that it wouldn't be for the best. He'd have to wait. And he'd do so with bated breath.
After the pair got ready, Mateo proposed that they take the train instead of driving, as there was a public incestuous fantasy he wanted to live out.
Tatiana seemed skeptical. He did his best to assure her no intercourse would be taking place, and that he'll still have ample amounts of energy.
Tatiana suspiciously looked him up and down before deciding to think on it, agreeing soon after with a wry smile.
"Very well, Papito. I'm sold."
__
Whilst on the crowded train--it was too crowded - all the seats were taken--Tatiana and Mateo both stood in place, right in front of one of the windows, holding onto the handrails on the ceiling.
Tatiana was drenched from anticipation, and Mateo was rock-hard - for damn good reason. He was directly behind his mother, his bulge occasionally rubbing against her skirt-clad ass.
Such a short black leather skirt. So skimpy. So slutty. She needed only to lean forward and her skirt would ride up, exposing her bare pussy to everyone who looked in her direction.
Promiscuous as she was, the woman made sure to wear no bra or panty whatsoever.
Mateo pulled down his zipper, fishing out his erect dick. He then lifted his mother's skirt, unveiling her pussy and asshole. He got so close to her--cock caressing her entrance--that no one else could see her privates.
"I wanna fuck your thighs, Mom."
The woman's heart rate spiked.
Going to her ear, Mateo gently bit down on it, whispering after,
"And I want people to catch on."
His voice had come out raspy; genuinely blazing hot.
"I want them to see me fuck my mom's sexy thighs."
"Do it."
Tatiana seemed shocked, surprising herself with those keen words of hers. She found herself not caring either way, feeling her son slide back and forth between her folds.
"I fucking love you," Mateo softly murmured, continuing to rock his hips; using both hands to fondle her breasts through her blue blouse.
She let out a muffled moan, desperately trying to keep her voice in check. His fingers tweaked her nipples. Her cunt drenched his rock-hard cock.
Whimpering and holding back the full gravity of the preceding moan, Tatiana told him,
"You already know I feel the same, Son."
Mateo increased his pace, slamming against her even harder, doing fantastic things to her clit. To Tatiana's dismay, it became too much, she gasped loudly.
It was then she knew that at least one person took notice.
"Be ~hng~ gentler, Papito," she whispered, horny and nigh-frantic.
He squeezed her cheeks, forcing her to suppress a moan.
"You know you don't want that, fucking slut of a mother."
He was right. Tatiana didn't want that. Solely the feeling of strangers watching her strayed her thoughts.
Parting her lips, she began,
"You're so-"
Mateo gave her ass a light tap, relentlessly pistoning between her legs.
"~Mmhm, fuck~. You're so ~nhgn~ incorrigible, Son."
Tatiana heard him panting and grunting. She knew he was close. Knew his balls were tightening.
When she looked over her shoulder, her eyes caught Mateo's focused face, and another woman behind, wide-eyed while watching them with ample fright. She looked to be about Tatiana's age.
"Your thighs are strangling my cock," he breathlessly spoke into his mother's ear.
"Your pussy feels so good. I'm gonna cum all over them, Mom."
The words of her son brought Tatiana so, so close to the edge. But on the other hand...
"Mateo, there's a lady watching us."
Mateo stopped, which only made Tatiana frustrated, oddly enough.
"Really?"
He threw his gaze behind, catching the woman's face.
He sent his eyes back to his mother's words, gritting his teeth and madly pounding away at her thighs.
"That's so fucking hot!!!"
'No! They heard! They all definitely heard!'
She was correct, as curious eyes met them in an instant. For some reason, she felt much more horny, yet ashamed at the same time; prompting her to turn her head and gaze out the window.
This was different from their live stream and video. This was a sexual act between her and her son with actual people present. The woman was wracked with shame.
Even so, Tatiana's eyes rolled back and she tensed, bathing Mateo's dick in her squirt.
"That's so... fucking hot, Mom!!!"
Mateo ejaculated, creating streaks of sticky, hot semen on the entrance of his mother's pussy and down her thighs.
Gasps resounded, along with murmurs such as "They actually fucked on the train" and "Did he just call her 'Mom'?".
With immense satisfaction, Mateo breathed into his mother's ear. She basked in her afterglow with narrowed eyes, not knowing what to do or say.
Mateo got in front of her, grinning while seeing her wearing an emotionless expression.
"Mat-"
"Shh, Mom."
She saw flashes and heard the snaps of cameras.
"It's okay. This is good for us."
He took a silky white panty out of his pocket.
A hint of surprise crossed her features.
Knowing that they were being recorded, Mateo projected his voice when saying,
"I stole this from your room a couple months ago. Gallons of cum was shot inside it while I fantasized about your slutty body. It's actually insane how you're the hottest mom ever.
"She really is his mother."
"Disgusting."
"Shame on them."
Such sentiments of disgust were uttered, yet, the ones that did not say anything--the majority--were the ones that found the situation arousing.
"Mom."
Tatiana seemed to have snapped out of a daze.
"The more that people video and talk about us, the more recognition we get; the more people love us. And be honest with yourself. Having their eyes on you as your son's cum drips from your pussy and down your legs makes you horny, right?"
"I..."
She bit down on her lower lip, lightly squirming. The more she thought of it, the more she disregarded the shame; and the hornier she became.
Quickly, she bobbed her head up and down, blushing.
"It makes me really fucking horny, Papito."
Mateo smirked.
"That's what I like to hear."
He got down low, presenting the panty, enunciating that she should wear it; even with his cum still slathering the forefront of her pussy.
Finally, the woman gained a smile, slipping her legs inside and allowing her son to drag the panty up to her hips. Mateo practically gave her a wedgie right after, making sure his semen was lodged deep inside her snatch.
"Turn around, Mom. Let them see you. Be proud to let them know that you love me, that you'll do anything for your precious son; your Papito."
Grinning from ear to ear, Tatiana did just that, seeing myriads of people with their phones and even laptops out, lights flashing from their cameras.
Mateo went and embraced from behind, kissing her neck.
Loudly, he commanded.
"Proudly, make them see you squirt. Don't pull down your panty. Finger yourself while my cum's still inside your pussy."
Unbelievably horny, Tatiana reached a hand down and began pumping four fingers in and out of her sopping cunt. The eyes of everyone on her, people looking disgusted, enraged, conflicted, confused, hornier than ever. She focused on those horny individuals.
They were horny at her and her son's special incestuous relationship. She beheld the sight of a few men and women discreetly masturbating. That coupled with her son constantly breathing on her neck, sending shivers down her spine, was too much.
The flashing of cameras intensified. Myriads of pictures were taken - a whore mother masturbating while being embraced by her son.
Tatiana came. Harder than she could remember. Her squirt splashed through her now absolutely soaked panty. Her knees wobbled, and she would have fallen forward had she not been in the embrace of her son.
Still in the throes of orgasm, she heard her son say,
"You like this attention, right, Mom?"
"~Yesh, Papito~."
Mateo chuckled, frowning to then sensually nibble on her ear.
Tatiana's constant moans and weak words of "Son" and "Papito" echoed. She watched with great elation, seeing those masturbating individuals cum at the sight of her and her son.
"I love it so much..."
"This is just a fraction of the attention we'll get, Mom. I'm glad to know you're just as enthusiastic as I am. Maybe even more."
He softly laughed, and she giggled.
"I really love how shamelessly slutty you are for me, Mom. You're the best."