(The following is part of the continuing story of the exploits of Fannie. It is written as fantasy and in no way condones acts of unprotected or illegal sex.)
*
Part 1
BLACKMAILED
Fannie had a hard time sleeping last night. The thought of the events from the day before causing her head to spin. She has been trying to figure a way out of her situation but has decided that the truth is probably best. She can live with the troubles that this may cause at work but if word got out about what she has done to keep it a secret her reputation would be ruined for life. Not to mention what it would do to her marriage to her loving husband "S". If he were to find out she knows that he would surely leave her. How did she get herself into this situation?
DAY 1
It is getting late. Almost time to leave work and Fannie can't wait to get down to the boutique that everybody was talking about so that she could get herself something special. You see the girls at work have been bragging about this place for a while and it seemed that Fannie was the only one that didn't shop in the high scale store. She doesn't usually go for such things buying her clothes off the rack at discount stores or on sale. Today she promised that she would go and check it out and pick up a new dress to be more in line with her coworkers. Unable to wait she grabs her purse and hurries out of the door to her car to take the long drive to the village which is a small town with older shops that cater to more of an upper class clientele. She parks in the street and heads down the walk to the store.
As she enters the front door of the small quaint store it causes a bell to ring above her head much like the stores in days of old. There are a few women milling around as the clerk, a middle age man, looks up briefly to acknowledge her presence then back down to continue his reading. Her feet cause the old wooden floor to creek as her shoe's echo is the only sound heard. She walks around the turnstiles of dresses occasionally raising one up to examine it always noting the prices before returning it to it's hanger. The prices are much higher than she is used to so she moves to the discount rack where she finds something less expensive but not quite as nice as one that she spotted earlier.
Looking up she hadn't noticed that it is closing time and the only other customers remaining are at the register in the rear of the store. The clerk follows them to the door and locks it behind them as he turns the "open" sign to "closed".
"I'm sorry. Am I keeping you?" asked Fannie.
"Take your time. I have some work to do in the back. Just bring your purchases to me when you're ready." he replied.
He walks back to the counter and she can tell that his head was down as he worked. She couldn't get over the difference in price between the dress that she really liked and the one similar on the discount rack. She held them together and got an idea. What if she just switched the tags? This fat old man probably couldn't tell the difference anyway. She looks up at the clerk and sees that his head is still down busy with something. She quickly switches the tags and puts the cheaper dress with the high price tag back on the rack and starts walking to the back of the store proudly with her new dress.
As she gets to the counter the man looks up with a scowl on his face. She places the dress on the counter and the man lets out a grunt.
"It's people like you that cause a small business like this to close up and go out of business! I should call the police" he said as he grabs the dress and examines it. He takes the tag and brings it to his face so that he can read it better with his glasses on. Fannie was speechless! She didn't know what to say.
"I'm sorry" she stammered.
"No you're not! If I didn't catch you you would just do it again until I was broke! Come with me young lady!" he said as he grabs her by the arm and walks her into the back room.
He can't prove anything she thought. It will just be his word against mine.
The man takes her to a desk in back and shows her a monitor sitting on top. He takes his remote control and rewinds the images on the screen. When he starts the video over she can see a view of the store from the security camera out front. It starts at the point where the last of the customers are leaving and the man locks the front door. She can see that after he returns to his counter in the back the camera begins to pan and zoom in on Fannie as she compares the two dresses. It zooms in even closer as Fannie quickly switches the tags and returns the unwanted dress back to the rack. Her heart sinks. SHE'S BEEN CAUGHT RED HANDED!
"I'm so sorry. I've never done anything like this before. Please let me pay for the dress. I promise that you won't ever see me again." she pleads.
"No. I'm calling the police right now. You wait right there." he says as he walks to the phone on the wall.
Fannie knows that she can't run. She remembers that the front door is locked and she can't escape. He grabs for the phone.
"Please don't! I'll do anything." she says sobbing.
"Anything?" he says as he holds the phone ready to dial.
"Anything." says Fannie with her head down looking at the floor. She continues looking down as the man hangs the phone up on the wall and walks back over to the woman still crying.
" You did say anything." said the man who suddenly has a broad grin on his face. Fannie looks up slightly and her eyes don't have to rise too much to see that the man, now standing right in front of her, has his fly down and his soft penis in his hand. Fannie was not prepared for this and at first wanted to run but after a few seconds decided that if this is all that she has to do to get out of trouble then she can pay that price. Besides, she has been around and it won't be the first time that she has sucked a man's cock when she really didn't want to. If nobody finds out about her shoplifting they won't find out about this either.
She kneels on the floor in front of him as he unbuckles his belt and lets his pants drop to the floor. She takes his cock in her hand and brings her head closer. She can smell a musky odor from the dirty old fat man and hesitates to put it into her mouth. She tugs on it a bit and it starts to respond. His cock is not long but the girth more than makes up for his short comings. She puts it into her mouth and begins to slide it in and out. He reaches down and grabs the back of her head pulling her face against his fat belly. Her nose is pressed against his course pubic hair. He pushes her head back and forth on his cock as Fannie has to wrap her hands around his hips to keep her balance.
Her fingers squeeze his ass flesh as his cock slides in and out of her mouth. She begins to forget her situation and starts to get into what she is doing a little more. If she has to have sex with this man she might as well make the most of it. He notices the change as he watches her start to feel her breasts as she sucks his cock. Her hand moves down further as she starts to rub her pussy through her pants. She begins to moan a bit as she works herself harder. The man gets more excited as he watches and nears his own climax.
He pulls his cock out of her mouth and aims it toward her face as he jerks himself off. He starts to shoot a stream of cum on her face as she rubs her cunt harder through her clothes. With his cock only inches from her face he shoots his load all over her. She cums loudly as he empties himself on her and covers her face with his seed. It runs down from her eyes and hags down her nose and chin. She licks her lips as he wipes the remaining cum from his cock onto them. She takes his cock back into her mouth and sucks him dry as she finishes her orgasm.
She is a sight to behold. A prim and proper housewife kneeling in front of a stranger with his semen dripping off her face. With the look of a woman that has just been satisfied by her lover she continues to moan. The man backs away and pulls up his pants. He tosses her a dirty rag.
"Here, clean yourself up. I can't let people think that I serve common whores in my store." he said gruffly.
She wipes herself off and stands embarrassed by the degrading words that the man said. Somehow the words gave her a slight twinge. She felt a little dirty in a way that she has never felt before. She was getting a little nervous about this now and just wanted to go home and end it.
"Can I go now? We are all set now, right?" she asked.
"Yes you can go. But I expect you to be here right before closing tomorrow!" He demanded.
"Why? I did what you asked. What more are you looking for from me?"
"After I tell my partner what you did in trying to steal from us I'm sure that he will want to discus it with you also. Don't worry. After what you did for me I'll put in a good word for you. Maybe he will just let you off the hook." he said with a wink. "Now get the fuck out of my store and make sure that you come back tomorrow or I will call the cops and your husband and boss will all know what kind of person that you really are. Understand?" he said.
He walks her to the front door and lets her out.
"Remember, don't be late!"
DAY 2
She WILL make a stand today and just tell that awful man that she is willing to risk him telling about her switching tags and go on with her life.
It was very busy at work this day and nobody asked her if she went to the dress store yesterday. She was thankful for that as she wouldn't want to have to lie again. Before she knew it four o'clock came around and she was not looking forward to where she was going after work. She took her time driving as her words to the man went through her head. " I will just tell him that I can't do it anymore. I made one mistake. That's all." she thought.
She arrives in her car just before five o'clock taking her time in hopes that she will be too late and the store would be closed. He couldn't say that she didn't show up if she was on time. She walked up to the front door and took a breath. She grabbed the door handle and it opened. DAMN! She thought. The bell above her head jingles and she sees the man at the register ringing up a sale for the last customers of the day. He glances up only for a moment and than smiles as he hands a full shopping bag to the customer. He walks the two ladies to the front door making small talk as they walked. The door closes behind the women and he immediately locks the door and turns the sign in the window.
He turns and walks back to Fannie in a hurry grabbing her by the arm and forcing her into the backroom without a word.
"YOU ARE LATE YOUNG LADY!" he scolded.
"This will not be tolerated around here!"
"I'm sorry but I just wanted to come and tell you that I can't do this anymore. If you want to tell my boss what I did yesterday then go ahead but what I did afterwards was much worse and I can't do it again." she said meekly.
"That is exactly why you will be coming back everyday until I say so. WATCH!"
He wheels out a TV on a cart with a DVD player underneath. He takes the remote and the TV comes on. With another push of the button the DVD plays. The image on the screen is of her on her knees sucking on the man's cock from the day before. He points the remote and the picture zooms in. You can clearly see Fannie's face as she jerks his cock in front of her face as she rubs herself to orgasm. You can see him shoot his load all over her face in great detail as she climaxes.
Fannie is shocked as she watches the video.
The man holds up two envelopes one addressed to her husband and the other to her boss's home address.
"These envelopes have copies of the same video that you are now watching. If you don't follow up with your end of the deal they will both be mailed out. UNDERSTAND?"
She doesn't even notice that the man has now come up behind her and is now tying her hands behind her back. Next he takes a piece of cloth to use as a gag and ties it behind her head. He forces her to sit in a nearby chair and ties ropes around her ankles and ties her to the chair legs. When she realizes her predicament it is too late to stop it. "What will he do to me now?" she thought.
The man left her to sit for a few moments while he finished up his chores and cashed out the register.
She hears the bell over the front door ring and tries to scream through her gag to get someone's attention. It dawns on her after a few seconds that the door had been locked earlier and whoever was coming in must have a key!
Suddenly she senses two forms in the doorway.
"So this is the one that you were telling me about, Al?" asked the visitor.
"Yeah, Dave, that's her. She showed up late though so you might want to show her what we do to people that make us wait." Al Said.
Now she knows their names but doesn't know how that will help her get out of this situation. The new man, Dave, is much different then Al. Tall, thin, and well dressed. He looks to be in his early thirties. A major improvement over his partner Al. By the way they act it also appears that he has some power over Al and may be the one more in charge around here. If Fannie could only explain things to him maybe he will understand.....
"SO YOU ARE THE BITCH THAT TRIED TO STEAL FROM ME?" said Dave in a threatening tone. "WE WILL HAVE TO SEE ABOUT THAT! Get her ready AL"
She felt her body shake as she now knew that they were both going to do as they wish with her and nobody around to help her escape. Al frees her from the chair. Her arms still tied behind her he grabs her arm and walks her towards a large curtain that splits the back room in two. She walks into the mystery room and looks around. She sees rings attached to the walls. Hooks, ropes, and pulleys hang from the ceiling. What appears to be an examination table in a far corner and a large two door cabinet that goes from floor to ceiling on another wall. She can tell right away that she isn't the first to be taken back there.
Dave holds her from behind as Al unbuttons her pants and slides them off. She tries to fight him off but has no effect. Dave unties her arms and pulls her top up over her head. Al reaches around to unhook the bra and has some trouble.
"I hate these fucking things!" he says. He walks over to a table and picks up a knife. Walking back he has a menacing look on his face which scares Fannie. She tries to let out a scream as the man grabs the front of her bra and slices it up the middle with one quick move. The bra pops open and her breasts wiggle free. A bit relieved she doesn't fight as he cuts the band off her panties and pulls them away. Fannie now stands naked before these two strangers.
They walk her back to a wall where there are cuffs attached to the rings on the wall. Her arms and legs are attached as she now stands with her back to the wall in a spread eagle position. She watches as Dave walks over to the large cabinet, unlocks, and opens the two doors all the way. Inside she can see just about every implement of torture and bondage that she can imagine. She could see all forms of whips, clamps, and chains as well as some things that she could only imagine to be their purpose. He comes back with some form of electric device in one hand and some wire leads in the other. After putting them down he stands before her.
He grabs her nipples between his fingers and thumb and pulls them hard. Eyes wide she tries again to scream.
"So you think that you can keep us waiting? Al says that you tried to renege on our deal."
He looks down and sees a full bush of pubic hair. He grabs a good handful.
"I don't want to ever see this again. From now on you will be clean shaven!"
He gets a slight nod from Fannie.
"UNDERSTAND?" he shouts as he pulls hard causing great pain and several hairs to pull out between his fingers. Wide eyed she bites hard on her gag and nods "yes" again vigorously.
"GOOD!" he says, "Do you know what this is for?" She shakes her head no. "This device is used to train slaves to do as they are told. It is used to break them for total control."
She looks on in horror in not knowing what form of torture she will be receiving. "If the slave answers the questions asked in the proper manner she will be rewarded with a mild current." he said as he applies the electric pads to areas near her pussy and breasts. "If I don't like her answer it can be used to cause great discomfort. I will remove your gag so that you may answer me. Do you promise not to make too much noise?" she nods. "Very well. Al, remove the gag so that we can begin."
"Do you promise never to steal from us again?
Fannie nods and says yes softly.
ZAPPP!
OWWWWW!
"BAD ANSWER! You don't sound sincere."
"YES I PROMISE" she shouts, The man turns the control dial up only half way this time and Fannie can feel a great difference. This doesn't hurt but actually feels nice. Causing her private parts to tingle. She wants more but he stops it and resumes his questioning.
This continues for some time until Dave thinks that she is broken. She is now answering all of his questions properly and enjoying the reward. The device causes a trickle of voltage which is now causing her to squirm in her restraints. Her pussy juices are flowing and a drop is now visible clinging to her pubic hair. Dave sees this and knows that she is ready.
He removes the electrode pads and puts them away only to return with a large wand vibrator. He plugs it in and, wasting no time, turns it to high. He immediately pushes it up to her already engorged pussy lips. Fannie's head rolls back as she moans loudly. Her body convulses as she begins to have a giant climax. She had been building up for this for some time and screams as she has wave after wave of orgasm.
Once satisfied Dave removes the vibrator from her pussy. Fannie begins to regain her composure and opens her eyes. Before her she sees Dave now naked from the waist down and with his dress shirt open coming toward her with his large and rock hard cock in his hand. He lines it up with her pussy and slips it in with one quick stroke. Her cunt hole so wet and ready that he easily slides in all the way. He starts pounding his meat into her with great force. With every push her ass slaps back hard against the cold hard wall. She is beside herself with pleasure as this is what she has needed all along. He pounds her hard for a few minutes until he makes one hard final push as he starts to cum inside of her. She can feel his sperm pumping deep inside of her cunt as he shoots load after load. She has never felt so much cum from a man before as he stops and allows his cock to soften. He falls forward against her body as she can feel his hot skin against hers . His warm breath on her neck.
He lets his cock fall out and backs away. Again she closes her eyes to catch her breath. Suddenly she feels something between her thighs. Looking up she can see Dave standing a few feet away looking at her. She looks down to see Al with his head between her legs. He starts to lick her cunt which is now filled with Dave's cum. He starts by catching the liquid that is already coming out. He takes long sweeping strokes with his tongue. Next he puts his mouth on her pussy lips and starts sucking. This causes feelings that Fannie has never had. To have one man suck the cum of another from her steaming cunt causes her to the brink of orgasm again. The man sucks for all he's worth creating loud sucking sounds. She can't take it anymore and grinds her pussy into his face as she cums again. The man finishes his task and backs away.
Fannie is starting to understand the relationship between these men and now wonders what will be in store for her in the next few days.
Will they continue to torment her?
To use her?
She will soon find that she has desires inside that need to be set free. Her head spins as she comes down from the greatest climax that she has ever had!