Nick Benson was off teaching at the Community College course he offered twice a week. The school would keep him away for at least four hours. Five in traffic.
Barely eighteen year old son Jesse Benson waited at the end of the upstairs hall on looking the driveway until he saw his father's car leaving the front gates. Thrilled by his departure he quietly raced toward Willa's bedroom.
She anticipated that as soon as Nick had left Jesse would try something. Ever since he had gotten home for being expelled from Military school and met Willa he hadn't stopped watching her. She knew it even when he tried to be sneaky.
Willa chose to take a shower in her room but slyly left her bedroom door ajar. If her hunches were correct Jesse would sneak in to see her showering.
True to form Jesse made sure of the sounds of water still flowing while creeping back to Willa's door. He listened for activity before cautiously ducking his head through to make certain she wasn't in the bedroom. He heard her humming in the shower and tiptoed through her room to the bathroom door which remained wide open. His jaw dropped as he could see her naked body behind a foggy glass door. Regardless of the steam her figure was perfect.
Jesse swallowed hard and watched her using a soaped up wash clothe to bathe herself. She felt his presence and bent over to face the door pressing her ass cheeks on it. Their impression on the door made them perfectly visible against the steam.
His eyes bulged as he felt like running out of fear of being caught. Even though he had gotten away with much worse over the last two days. Still he watched with heart pounding and erection brewing. Before today his sole erections were from magazines snuck into school by students. A crap porno that he and some friends snuck into school to check out, his only knowledge of sex and how to go about it.
She stood up and turned to face the door this time feigning to wash her back and placing her chest on the door. Her nipples were in blatant view for a few moments before taking them away from him.
In quick response he rubbed the crotch of his shorts then squeezed his hidden erection. He wanted to jerk off but was afraid to.
Her humming became singing as she chose to remove the portable shower head and rinse her body of soap. Lowering the showerhead to her pussy she felt it attack her clit. She let out a shrill moan combined with a whine.
"Oh shit, that felt good." She called out knowing he would hear her.
He did indeed as he prayed she would use it down there.
That idea was already in progress. Applying it she leaned against the shower door knowing it might fall open under her weight. Still she wanted to tease Jesse as he had never imagined could be possible. Her moaning escalated as Jesse couldn't help himself but to unfasten his shorts and fondle his manhood.
His face turned beet red as he began jerking off. With her back to him he got bolder and stepped closer. She caught a glimpse of him through the corner of her eye. Not letting on, she kept moaning and whispering to herself.
"Oh God, this feels sooooooooo good. I can't stop."
He shuffles with his pants and underwear dangling at mid hip, held up by one hand as his other abused his six inch cock. He wanted to literally touch the glass door with his dick as her ass pressed on it. He desired to imagine it touching her bare ass for real.
As he touched the glass he panicked slightly.
Willa controlled her masturbating at the cascade to let him have his fun. She pretended to lay against the door harder until it clicked open slightly. The unlocking made Jesse pull his pants up and race to the door of the bathroom hiding just behind it.
She decided to take advantage of the showerhead and cum loudly for him to hear.
Cleaning up she stepped out of the shower knowing he could still see her through the crack in her door. She faced him head on and dried herself before wrapping her body up.
She made certain not to turn away. He was cornered by his angle. There was no way to run without her seeing him.
Thinking to herself with a demonic grin she hissed , "So much fun."
She chose to move into her bedroom loosening her towel as she literally walked right by him. Turning quickly as if forgetting something she acts like she's shocked to see him.
"Holy! JESSE! What are you doing in here?" She feigns dropping her towel showing him her right breast before covering back up.
He stutters, "I-I-I'm sorry."
"How long have you been in my room spying on me?"
"L-long enough." he tries to act arrogant.
"You watched and heard everything didn't you?"
"Yep. Loved it." He smirks.
"I bet you did." She frowns.
"Go ahead and tell my Dad. I don't care. I told you already I thought you were smoking hot. I can't help it." He swallows timidly.
"Did you touch yourself you little pervert?"
"Maybe!"
"Maybe? It looks to me like you chickened out." Pointing at his crotch with a frown.
"No I didn't."
She fidgets with a doubtful gaze.
"Does it matter?"
Holding her towel tightly she shakes her head, "Have you ever even seen a girl naked?"
"Yea. Lot's of times." He gets defensive.
"A real in the flesh girl? Not the kind with a staple in her navel."
He lowers his gaze, "No. Well, a bad porno. Can I see you without that towel on?"
Her eye brows peak up, "I'm the Nanny. Haven't you seen enough over the last couple days?"
"Please?" He offers a pitiful yearning expression.
"For three minutes." She glares for confirmation, "I won't rat you out. Behave!"
He grins from ear to ear, "Awesome!"
Shaking her head with a scowl she removes her towel and tosses it on her bed.
His eyes study her bulging chest.
"Man oh man those titties are huge. Can I touch them?"
"Nooooo! A three minute peek." She points directly to enforce her command.
"Come on, pleasssssssssssssssssse?"
"I said No. I can cover up two minutes early."
He rubs his crotch in front of her.
"Please. Just for a second."
Her eyes close as she sighs, lowering her hands, "One squeeze. Hurry up."
He leaps at the chance quickly facing her eye to eye. His hands raise up toward her heavily breathing tits but he stops and starts to chicken out. Palms poised to grip but hesitant.
She growls then steps forward, her tits pressing against his palms. His eyes shook literally as his fingers tighten around them. One tight squeeze and she pats his knuckles. He releases but before moving away he sneaks a pinch at both nipples.
"Hey now!" She winces, "That wasn't part of the deal."
"You liked it. I can tell." He boasts.
"You better go we don't know if Nick my come back."
They both knew it would be hours before that inevitability.
"Can I rub your ass?"
"Good grief. Make it fast."
She turns around and lets him rub her cheeks. It felt good but oh so wrong.
Again he gives her a surprise and slaps her ass with a loud smacking noise.
"Dammit! Stop that." She whirls to face him.
"You liked that too. I can tell."
Her eyes betray her. She did indeed.
"Mister presumptuous. That's enough. Go play."
"I am playing." He quickly grabs her towel from the bed and keeps it from her.
"Give me that, thief." She sneers trying hard not to laugh..
"Let me touch you down there."
Her palms rise to defend herself, "That's a HUGE NO!"
"Okay, let me jack off in front of you."
Her eyes flared up, "Noooo!"
"Please. Please? Please. Please? Please. Just for awhile. I'll go to my room and finish."
"Unbelievable." Willa growls moving to close her door to the hallway.
"You're going to let me? Awesome! You won't be sorry."
"Stop bragging! Get this over with."
He unfastens his pants and drops them and his underwear to his ankles.
"See what you do to me?" He chuckles wagging his erection at her.
"Not impressed. Hurry it up." She lied. She was impressed.
He waddles in his pants closer until he faces her. She looks down at his cock a mere inch from her belly.
"Little close there aren't you?"
He starts jerking off and groaning.
"God! You're so hot Willa. Please don't step back."
"Just hurry it up already."
He steps even closer forcing her to side shift with her back to the edge of her mattress. He follows closer constantly stroking it.
"Come on Jesse. Stop trying to touch me."
"Let me just touch my dick on your stomach."
He nudges closer making her fall back into a sitting position on her bed. As her hands move behind her to keep from falling over he lunges over to straddle her lap. Stretching awkwardly on top of her to put his dick between her tits. Before she could wrestle him off he quickly grabs both breasts to crush them around his cock.
"JESSE! Dammit, now. I SAID KNOCK IT OFF."
"No you didn't. I'll be done in a second."
She shoves him away from her breasts until he crawls off to stand over her, jerking off rapidly.
"Lay back."
"NO!"
"Please lay back."
"I said No."
"I'll leave you alone for the rest of the summer." He attempts.
"No you won't."
"Yea." He shrugs, "No I won't. You make me too horny."
"Look you need to do your thing and go before you get caught."
"Who is here to catch us? Just lay back so I can look down at you and finish."
"Fine! Hurry the fuck up."
She falls back on her mattress and scoots in some.
He moves closer to stand between her legs getting his first good view of her pussy.
"Spread your legs so I can see you better. Please."
Acting defeated she rolls her eyes, "If I do this you better cum in five seconds and get out of here."
"Okay."
She spreads her legs wide exposing her pussy lips eying his behavior.
"You like watching me stroke it. I can tell."
Rolling her eyes again she hisses, "Jessssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeee!"
"Rub yourself down there. I dare you."
"Not gonna happen."
"I'm almost there. Please."
"I'm beginning to hate you." She groans while shaking her head repeatedly.
Her hesitant right hand rubs her clit as he moans louder.
He moves closer until his left knee rests on the bed between her legs.
She whimpers slightly at her rubbing.
"Let me hear you moan. Please."
"I am. Hurry it up."
She closes her eyes as she rubs herself. Seeing this Jesse grins and lunges on top of her pinning her hand under him as his weight holds her down. Both of her legs were in a bad position to fight him off.
"JESSE! WHAT THE HELL?"
"Let me stick it in you. Just for a second."
"Get the fuck off before I tell your mom and dad."
"Go ahead. I don't care. I just want to feel what its like. Just for a second. I promise."
Angered slightly her face goes red. She truly hadn't planned on her teasing to arrive at this predicament. Sighing loudly she caves in.
"Any more than a second and I rip your head off."
She pulls her hand out from under him as he struggles to penetrate her. His virginity showed.
"Wrong hole. No hole." She sighs at his directionless attempts.
Finally, he manages to slip it inside her. His eyes immediately brightening up.
"Fuck that feels sweet."
"I hate you Jesse. It does feel good." She admits leering up at him.
"Let me try the feel of going in and out."
"Three times. No more." She insists knowing that was never going to be followed.
He grins and goes to five.
She pats his shoulders, "That wasn't three that was five."
"You liked it. I can tell."
"Stop saying that." She tried to hide the truth.
He does it three more times.
"Jesse as nice as this feels I need you to stop."
Five more times he thrusts..
"Jesse." She whimpers.
Five more times he lifts up on his knuckles at arms length over her.
Eyes glare bitterly at each other.
Jesse starts thrusting non stop. She curls her toes and submits.
"Oh fuck!" She cries, "Don't stop virgin."
"Never planned on stopping." He boasts grunting heavily.
"I hate you so much." She grits her teeth and digs her nails lightly into his back.
"Hate me even more when I fuck you again tomorrow."
"Not gonna happen." She sneers.
"Try and stop me."
"I will."
"No you won't. You like my rhythm. Don't deny it. I can see it in your eyes."
"Ok. Yea I do. But regardless this is the only time we do this. I need this job Jesse."
"Fuck you. I'm tapping this pussy whenever I want to."
"Asshole!"
"I'll try that eventually." He chuckles.
"Like hell you will."
They argued non stop until Jesse shoots his load. The energy of it forced her to cum at the same time.
Both exhausted he collapses on her. She caresses his back making him look up to face her.
A haunting stare crawls over Willa's face as Jesse kisses her on the lips. A lingering kiss that she embraced. That kiss lasted forever.
"I fucking hate you." She whispers as their lips part.
Jesse pulls out and climbs off of her.
"I'm telling Dad you fucked me."
She leaps up into a sitting position.
"What? Jesse don't. Please."
"Give me a reason not to."
"I'll lose my job and have to move back to Chicago."
"Then I guess you won't resist me every time I want to fuck."
"Unbelievable. Fine. Now and then I'm open to that."
He grins out of triumph while calculating the future possibilities.
"I want you to tease my friends."
"WHAT?"
"I'm going to ask Dad to have a pool party. I know you have sexy bikini's. I want you to wear one in front of them."
"Just don't get me fired." She feigns fear, knowing better. Let him think he had her cornered.
"Cool." He pulls out of her and steps off of the bed. Eying her gaping pussy he winces. His hard on hadn't faded away. Newcomer adrenalin.
She eyes his hesitance and awaits his decision. With a loud growl he dives back inside her for a second round. She plead the fifth but was really glad he had. After fifteen minutes of maddening moans both of them detonate as one. They held each other quivering.
Before any words could exchange the baby monitor corrupted their emotional state.
"Grace woke up." Willa sighs.
"Take care of her. I'm going to play "Call of Duty." He rises slowly.
She sits up facing him and holds his attention by grabbing his hands.
"Please don't ruin my life here, Jesse. I love your baby sister. I adore your parents."
He swallows dryly and says nothing while he dresses. With a nod he leaves her there.
The second Jesse leaves the room and she hears him trudge down the staircase Willa grabs her cell and texts Nick.
"Dorian? I think that tenth book needs to be book three. I'm sorry I screwed up."
After five minutes a text returns, "What?"
Her fingers quickly relate her situation.
"If you want to fire me I understand. I cannot lie to you Nick. I teased Jesse too hard. He and I had sex. I took his virginity. Should I pack?"
After a lengthy pause Nick returns with, "You defied me. Sara must be punished."
She sheds a tear fearing the worst. Slowly she types.
"Destroy me Master. I deserve what ever you decide to do."
Moments later her cell rings. Nick was calling.
"Hello?" She fights her tears.
"Jot down ideas. I'm not pissed off. Well, I am but I'll get over it. Was my son good?"
"OH MY GOD! YES!" She loudly huffs.
He merely offers a barely audible, "That's my boy."
"Does this mean I can't go shopping tomorrow?" She pouts.
"Not at all. If I were you I would think of ways to make my agitation go away."
Grace's crying is heard again over the baby monitor.
"Grace is fussy. I better go. I'm sorry I disobeyed you Nick."
"MASTER!" He insists.
"Master. Forgive me."
"Not likely. Tomorrow is another day. Care for my daughter."
Nick Benson hangs up abruptly.
THANK GOD!!" She holds her breath a second. She then jumped up to find Grace and change her diaper.
After laying the baby back down to sleep she went to wash her hands. Looking in the mirror at herself Willa touched her lips.
"Good kisser for a virgin. Ex-virgin. God I'm horny."
She resisted going downstairs and attacking Jesse.
Instead she snuck into his bedroom and lay back on his bed. Masturbating there until she drowned his sheets she fell asleep.
Jesse found her two hours later and took pictures on his cell for posterity.
He then woke her up by disrobing and planting his dick in her face.
She jumped at his erection in her face.
"Shit!" She whines, "I fell asleep, huh?"
"Suck my dick."
She smiles faintly.
"Just fuck me again. Before Nick gets home."
That he did. For another hour plus.
Jesse became a man.