Wife's Hobby - Pushing Things Too Far?
Jen and I sat on the couch in silence for several minutes after watching the video of Dee pleasuring herself in her car while some random guy watched just beyond the driver's side window.
"That was close." She finally said. "What if he would have opened her door?"
Out of nowhere I asked, "Have you ever considered letting another guy touch you?"
"What?! No! That would be cheating! I love you too much to cheat on you!" she said.
"Cheating implies deception. You've always been very honest with me. Also, to me, cheating is intercourse, and I agree that is reserved for me!" I said calmly as I caressed her neck.
"So, what are you suggesting?" she asked with a suspicious tone.
"Haven't you ever fantasized about another man touching you? Like maybe playing with your tits or touching your pussy?" I knew I was getting into uncharted waters, but thought I'd see how far she wanted to take things.
She didn't respond at first, but then said "Well, maybe in my fantasies. But, I could never actually do it, at least not without you there."
Boom! There it was! She was not only open to the idea, but she wanted me to be present when it happened! The wheels immediately started turning as I had an idea.
I was scheduled to participate in an industry conference in San Antonio the following weekend. Since I was the only one attending from my company, there was very little chance I would run into anyone I knew.
"Why don't you come with me to San Antonio next weekend? I think we could have some real fun!" I said with a wink. To my surprise, she immediately agreed.
The week seemed to drag by as I fantasized about all the possibilities that could happen. Although I knew I didn't really want my beautiful wife to fuck another man, I sure got hard thinking about some strange guy playing around with her!
We arrived at the hotel a few hours before the opening reception of the conference. We had agreed that she would sign up under a different last name, so we would be placed at separate tables during the dinner. Jen admitted to being excited but scared of what she may encounter. "You can stop anytime you feel uncomfortable or that things are getting out of hand." I assured her.
She allowed me to pick out her outfit, so I chose a short skirt, tight fitting button down blouse, heels and of course a tiny red G-string. She looked fantastic and it was all I could do from fucking her before we left the room. Somehow, I refrained.
Jen left the room first. After several minutes, I walked down to the ballroom. It was packed with people standing around having cocktails. I didn't see Jen, but soon found my reserved seat. I then noticed her sitting two tables further up towards the stage. She was seated at a table of all men, who were practically fighting to get her attention. She was laughing and indulging them with charm. As the evening went on, it was clear that most of her attention was directed to the guy immediately to her left. He was quite a bit older then her, maybe mid to late 50's, but well-built and athletic looking.
After dinner, the keynote speaker took the stage as the lights dimmed. He rambled on for a while when I realized the guy had casually placed his arm on the back of Jen's chair and was leaning in whispering to her. They both had a hushed laugh but stayed closer than normal to each other. The guy continued leaning in to whisper, each time letting his lips touch her ear.
The speaker finally concluded, and the emcee thanked everyone for attending before dismissing us for the evening.
The guy leaned in for one more whisper. Then Jen got up and started walking to the restroom. The man also got up and headed for the exit.
My phone pinged with a text. 'He wants me to meet him in the Concierge Club for a drink, what do you think?' it read.
I immediately texted her back. 'Go for it!'
My phone pinged again, 'Not without you!'
'See you there!' I texted and head for the elevator.
Entering the Club, I immediately saw the guy sitting at the very end of the bar, so I casually walked over to the high-topped table near the same corner. After ordering a drink I scanned the room. It was full of people and getting loud. The lights were dim, but it was easy to spot Jen as she entered. She looked so sexy, which was not lost on every guy and even some of the women in the place!
She spotted her friend and walked toward him. As she passed me, she gave me a little smile and said "Hi" as she joined him at the bar.
He was sitting on a stool and pivoted slightly to his right as Jen stood with her stomach touching the bar. They began chatting and ordered drinks. The guy casually rested his right hand on the small of her back as they talked. He then lifted his right foot so the heal of his shoe was on the bottom rung of the stool, which meant his knee was now behind Jen's ass. Smooth move. She was now directly between his legs and only inches from his crotch.
As they drank and laughed, I could see that the guy was applying just a bit of pressure against her right hip. Just enough to cause her to be slightly off balance, forcing her to move her left foot closer to him. This did two things. First, her legs were now apart. Second, her left thigh was now resting against his crotch! Holy shit!
They continued to talk softly. Then I could hear Jen say, "No way!" as the guy slowly nodded his head and smiled. She leaned in and whispered something else to him. He said "Deal!" and they both laughed and took another sip of their drinks.
Within seconds, I noticed Jen's hands grab the bar railing. I looked in the mirror behind the bar and our eyes met. Hers were as big as saucers. She looked shocked. Her knuckles were now white from the death grip she had on the railing. I couldn't see the guy's left hand, but her shoulders shuddered visibly. Then her hips quaked, and her knees buckled slightly. Jen's chin dropped as she looked straight down between the bar and her tits, watching something happen below. This went on for a couple of minutes, then her head came up again and I could see her eyes were now closed and her mouth partially opened.
Holy shit! Was this guy fingering my wife's pussy?!
She was doing an admirable job of not drawing attention to them, but her little involuntary spasms were becoming more frequent as I imagined he had homed in on her clit and was picking up his pace.
He continued working his magic as she fell forward placing her forearms on the bar and lowering her face near her hands. She was doing her best not to move her body, but the guy was obviously really working her pussy over. After several seconds of fingering, she leaned back, sitting down on the guy's leg. She came hard and shook violently as he kept stroking her sweet cunt. The guy was good. He kept just the right amount of pressure and rhythm on her clit and kept her cumming continuously for a solid minute.
She finally came down from her euphoria and excused herself as she staggered to the restroom.
My phone pinged, 'Meet me in our room NOW!' she texted.
As Jen returned from the restroom, she walked up to the guy and gave him a big, wet kiss. As they embraced, she crushed her tits into his chest. She then broke the kiss, handed him something and whispered in his ear before walking out of the Club.
I stayed behind just long enough to see what she had given him. As he opened his palm, I immediately recognized the red silk of her G-string. He put it to his nose and took a deep inhale.
When I opened the door to our room, Jen was already naked on the bed playing with herself.
"Fuck me! Now!" she practically begged.
As I slowly undressed, I asked, "Looked like you enjoyed yourself. Tell me all about it."
"Please Honey, just get over here. I need your cock inside me!" she pleaded.
"Tell me or no cock for you." I teased.
She hesitated, but then began telling me about their conversation at the dinner. It had quickly turned sexual as the guy kept taking it a step further with each comment. First, he complemented her beauty and how sexy her outfit looked. He then proceeded to flatter her figure. Then he said how much he liked how her cleavage showed off the shape of her tits and how her nipples seemed to want out of her blouse.
"Did his comments make you wet?" I asked as I finished stripping and got on the end of the bed.
At first, she didn't respond. Then she softly said "Yes."
"Tell me what happened in the Club." As I slowly caressed her legs.
"Oh god!" she sighed. "Please don't be mad."
"It's okay. Just tell me." I said in a reassuring tone.
"He said...he said...he told me he could make me cum in less than five minutes without ever leaving the bar." She confessed.
I now had the head of my cock at the opening of her pussy and gently rubbed it across her clit.
"What else? What did you say to him?" I asked as she lifted her hips trying to get my prick into her cunt.
"I bet him he couldn't! I bet him my panties that he couldn't make me cum!" she confessed as I rubbed my cock head firmly against her clit and let it slip inside her pussy lips.
"Before I knew what was happening, he had his hand under my skirt and started massaging my pussy through my G-string." She admitted. Looking wantonly into my eyes she pleaded, "PLEASE fuck me!" as her hips continued to push her pussy onto my cock.
"I want more details! What happened next?" I questioned, feeding another inch of cock into her hole.
"He put his finger inside me and stroked my clit! He finger fucked me! He finger fucked my pussy!" she screamed as she pushed me onto my back and straddled my cock. She sank onto my shaft and immediately started grinding up and down.
"Did you like watching? Did you like seeing your wife get fingered by a strange man?" she hissed as her tits bounced up and down.
"Yes! You're such a naughty girl! You should have made him eat your pussy! I bet he would have loved having your juices in his mouth!" I exclaimed, obviously pushing exactly the right button.
"I'm cummmminngg!! Oh my pusssyyy!! Oh FUCK!" she panted as she furiously bucked her hips up and down on my prick while her orgasm consumed her. She bucked and thrashed, milking her orgasm for every second of pleasure she could get.
Completely spent, she rolled off my cock onto her back. I wasted no time sticking my cock in her mouth. She eagerly sucked me as I started to ask her about what our next adventure should look like. As I tossed out ideas, she became increasingly aroused and her left hand went back to her pussy.
I didn't know how she would take my next comment, but I let it go anyway. "I want to see you get your pussy licked!" I admitted.
She pulled my cock out of her mouth, got onto all fours and said, "Fuck me!".
I wasted no time mounting her from behind. My balls were ready to burst as I slammed my meat into her wet cunt, hammering her hard and fast while thinking about seeing her getting eaten out by another man. My cock swelled as I started releasing a torrent of cum deep into her cunt. She squeezed her pussy muscles hard, milking every drop of cum from my balls.
We collapsed into each other's arms.
"Do you really want to see another guy eat me?" she asked.
After several seconds of not answering, I simply said, "Yes".