Birju waited for more than 15 minutes, opening the door slightly and peeking inside to see what she was doing. He could see that she was curled up on her side, facing away from the door. When she didn't move for a few minutes, he tiptoed into the room, softly closing the door behind him. He could hear her steady breathing, and he could see her chest rising and falling to its rhythm. He stood over her for a few minutes, drinking in her figure. She was a beautiful girl, he thought, much fairer than anyone in the village. Her parents had taken good care of her, he thought, as his eyes went over her unblemished hands, her neatly painted nails and flawless skin; this girl had never had to work a day in her life.
He wondered how deeply asleep she was, the train journey must have tired her out. He slowly sat on the bed besides her, his hand shaking as it hovered over her blanket. He didn't want her to wake up and cause a scene, everything had to go smoothly. He wouldn't be taking such a risk; but she had teased him so. Now he had to see; he had to have a feel. His loins pulsed as he gathered the courage. Slowly, he moved the blanket down inch by inch, his eyes fixed on her face, till they were at her ankles. She hadn't put her leggings back on. The smooth skin and soft flesh of her legs lay exposed under his eyes. His cock stirred inside his trousers as he surveyed every inch on skin on display, wondering what he could get away with without waking her up.
After a few minutes of staring at her legs, he could control himself no longer. He touched a finger onto her leg. He sighed, her skin was so smooth, he thought, as he ran his finger over it. He lent into her face and took a deep breath. She smelled of flowers; of roses and jasmines; of those exotic buds a man like him would never see. He placed his whole palm on her thigh, tracing her skin from her knee to the edge of her dress, reveling in her softness. For a heart stopping moment, he felt her stirring; his hand paused where it was, just below her dress. After waiting for a few moments, he resumed stroking her thigh, wondering if it was safe to pull up her dress a bit more.
Garima woke up with a cold feeling on her legs. She didn't open her eyes, wondering what it was; she was sure she had pulled the blanket over herself. After a few moments, she froze. She could feel a hand on her, while the blanket lay at her legs. She gulped softly. Warm breath descended on the back of her neck, while the cold hands roamed over her thighs, sending goosebumps through her skin. She wanted to cry out; but would anyone hear her; would anyone help her, she pondered. If this was who she thought it was, no one else in the village even knew her. Her heart stopped for a moment as she felt his hands dip under dress, but thankfully, he seemed to have lost his nerve, his hands moving down and then over her dress, arriving at the dip of her waist.
Birju had no idea that she was awake and had decided that it was too risky to probe her intimate parts, as much as he wanted to. He let his hands wander over her dress, feeling her hips and her thin waist, letting them roam over her flat tummy. His hands paused over her navel, drawing circles all around it as he chuckled to himself. If he had his way, he intended to fill her tummy up over and over again in the next few days. He leaned further into her neck as he breathed in her scent. He could see her tender lips up close now. They looked so tasty, so inviting. He wondered how they would taste; he imagined sucking on them, a shiver passed through him at that. He heard a small groan from her in her sleep, and quickly pulled his head back. He was breathing long and hard now, and didn't want her waking up from that.
He could feel her breath, deep and rhythmic, and his eyes fell on her chest, rising up and down; up and down. His hands moved from playing with her belly and slowly cupped a heaving mound. It felt so firm, yet so soft under his hand. He gave it a little squeeze, his eyes fixed on her face to make sure she wasn't waking up. His tongue flicked over his lips, he wanted to squeeze that soft orb harder, play with it, bury his face in it. Beads of sweat were rolling down his temples. Now was not the time, he told himself, promising himself that he would have all the time later. For now, he satisfied with just holding them, feeling the soft flesh, imagining how they would look naked. He cursed under his breath that she was wearing a bra, his fingers couldn't find her nipples, he longed to feel those tiny buds, he wanted to feel them grow long and hard. He was going to tear that bra into pieces when he got his hands on them.
He dipped his face into her neck one last time, drinking in her smell and placing a kiss on the side of her neck before rushing out of the room. He had a growing problem in his pants and he had to take care of it somewhere private. Garima let out a heavy groan the moment she heard the door close behind him. She had been lying there biting her tongue, his touches making her body shudder. It was all she could do to stop moaning as his hands groped and squeezed her breasts, her thighs squeezed together as she felt herself grow wet. She almost gave the game away when she felt the kiss on her neck, a huge shudder passing through her.
She waited for a few minutes in the silence, trying to catch her breath and calm herself down, before getting up to pull her blanket back up to her chest. She lay there, facing the door now, unable to sleep again as her mind ran over how he had touched her. His hands were so rough, but they had felt so good as they ran over her skin. It felt so wrong, but it excited her so much when he had squeezed her breasts. She dug her face into the pillow to drive away the thoughts. In a few minutes, she was asleep again, not seeing the door being opened once more.
Lakkan had been lounging outside the lodge, waiting for Birju to come out with the girl. But instead, he saw Birju coming out alone, exiting urgently towards the trees. All the better, he thought, the girl was alone in the room now. Being the one who cleaned the rooms there, he had spares to all the room, and he nonchalantly crept into the room, finding her fast asleep. She had such a pretty face, he thought, and those hands were so petite and flawless. He climbed on the table and squatted there, leering at her figure as she slept.
It was there that she found him when she opened her eyes, freezing for a moment in shock. It took a minute for her sleepy brain to process what was happening and form words, by which time he had climbed back down from the table. "Kya kar rahe ho tum yahaan?" (What are you doing here?) she asked, sounding upset. "Bas aise hi. Dekh rahe the aapko sote hue" (Just like that. Watching you sleep), pat came the reply, with no trace of concern. She got off the bed, pushing her blanket away, aiming to confront him about his presence.
Big mistake, she thought, the moment she had done so. She had completely forgotten that she had removed her leggings, and now her legs were suddenly on display to him. Lakkan, of course, made no effort to hide what was interesting him. He stared at the skin on display, his mouth hanging open, apparently lost for words. "Nangi soti ho?" (Do you like sleeping naked?), he leered, making her shudder as she searched around for her leggings. "Meine to dekh liya. Ab toh kya faayda" (I've seen them now, no point in covering them up), he leered, "Mujhe kuch aur dikhaana tha aapko" (I've something else to show you). She backed away as he walked towards her, trying to stay out of reach. Lakkan confidently strode forward to close the distance between them and sat on the bed. "Baitho na" (Sit no?) he muttered, grabbing her hand to make her sit on the bed beside him as he pulled out his phone from his pocket.