Synopsis: This series chronicles the real life activities and events of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
We both understand our relationship and situation are unique, and many will say it as fake, but it is not and this is not fiction or fantasy. What happens is all real and with real people, only names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved. Doubters will not impact us or what we choose to do, but comments - good, bad and indifferent - are welcomed and encouraged.
Note: Unlike other journal entries that detail how the fucktoy is used on a specific day, this one covers a 3-day period that involved various groups and more than 10 guys. Hope you enjoy hearing about what she went through.
Friday, 06/28/2024 - Day One
Being a Friday, it was her usual day to shop and, as always, she was dressed for her trip. The previous week she shopped in just a small pink bikini top, shorts so short her ass cheeks showed even when she was standing upright and sneakers. However, under her shorts, she wore the bottoms of her tiniest bikini, but with the neon green straps pulled up on her hips above her shorts so they would be seen. She said it was the least she'd even worn shopping before, but liked it a lot. As it turns out, guys in the store did, too, as she got lots of attention as many blatantly leered at her and followed her while she shopped.
Building on the prior week, today she wore the top of her micro g-string bikini that was bright blue and outlined in neon green. Even though the top is really only two tiny triangle with ties that wrap around her neck and back, she was instructed to fold them so they left even more of her tits exposed and just barely covered her nipples. It is too minimal even for her to wear shopping, so she added a too-sheer beach cover-up shirt that was so see-through it did very little to conceal her tits and bright bikini top. She tied the shirt at her tits to show them and leave her midriff uncovered. It was paired with her upper-thigh side-button skirt that left her displayed almost to the hipbone on one side and white 5" ankle strap heels.
As she walked the aisles, she got lots of attention from leering guys, especially a group of younger (but of age) ones who chatted with her in Target. Knowing full well they kept her talking just so they could look at her body while encircling her, she discreetly undid a button on her skirt, making it easy for them to not only see she was not wearing panties, but most of one side of her ass and dangerously close to her bald pussy. The longer they talked, the more she moved to let them look, including leaning forward until her top fell open to clearly display her tits and how only her nipples were covered. Seeing they were only going to look, she eventually moved on and finished all of her shopping.
On the way home, she stopped to have her car washed. As she sat in the car while it was hand-dried by a couple of guys, she untied her overshirt and opened it, as if adjusting it so it could be re-tied. As she did, the guys made a point of spending extra time cleaning the windshield and side windows so they could get good, long looks at her tits. She did not look up, even though she felt their eyes on her and, instead, took her time and made a couple attempts to tie the top so they could enjoy her more. After well more than 5 minutes, they said they were done and she smiled at them, knowing they were pleased and what they thought about her.
Before leaving in the morning to shop, she was told to text MM and ask if he and any friends would like to use the slut how she deserves that afternoon. He replied that he did, but would be alone and arrive around 3pm. Knowing he didn't care about her outfits, she was redressed to wear only white thigh high fishnet stockings and a pair of new pink heels she had asked her Master if she could get.
They are 6.3" tall, with a very steep incline, 2 straps across the top of the foot and one around the ankle, and a silver steel stiletto heel. While she's had them 6 months, this is the first time they'd been worn when she would be used because she had to get used to them. Not only do they put her on her toes, but they also force her foot to conform to the shape on the shoes. When she first got them, she wasn't even able to walk in them and could only wear them while sitting for 15-20 minutes at a time because they hurt so much. With training, she got to where she could wear them most of the day, and stand and walk in them and feel stable, which is necessary if she is being roughly used while wearing them.
By the time MM arrived, her pussy was very wet from her shopping trip, the stop at the car wash, being stripped to just stockings and the excitement of presenting herself to MM in her new pink fuck-me heels. He is a man of very few words, but after looking at her and clearly seeing that her pussy was soaked, he said he liked her heels and that they just made her look even more like the slut she is.
With that, he ordered the slut to all fours on the floor. She obediently moved to her position below him, pressing her tits to the floor, raising her hips to present her holes and spreading her legs, her pink heels providing an inviting runway for him. She was no sooner where and how he wanted when she felt his cock enter her wet pussy. As always, he was not gentle and not slow about forcing it into her.
With one or two swift thrusts, he had buried his full length inside her, aided by how juicy slick she was. With that, he began his assault on her. While he would vary his tempo to keep her off guard, he was always very forceful each time he slammed into her. As his hard cock slid in and out of her tight hole, his crotch smashed against her raised ass. He repeatedly drove into her pussy, trying to go harder and deeper.
She could feel he was more even aggressive than usual, maybe because of her heels, which pleased her. She had gotten to where she only liked being fucked hard and rough, and that was exactly what he was doing to her now. Each time he'd rear back and lunge into her, her tits would roll forward beneath her from his power.
After about 10 minutes of constant use, her wet, tight pussy pleased him to where he began his final assault on her. His finishing efforts were very hard, pounding deep inside her until his cock exploded, releasing his hot, thick load. He continued pumping her to drain his cock before sliding out, leaving her pussy slightly agape.
As he stood over her, she moved from her face-down position to see his cock semi-hard, but still pulsing. She knew, without a doubt, he was not done with her and would want her ass next. Being a good slut, she asked if she could suck him hard until he was ready to use her again. He allowed her to kneel facing him and fed her his cock, which she eagerly sucked deep, feeling it grow in her mouth until it was fully erect.
He pulled his cock from between her lips and told the slut to get on her back on the couch. She knew that was his favorite way to fuck her ass because he could go deeper while watching her reaction to his assault on her puckered hole. Now in position on the couch, she knew to lift her legs to present her spread asshole to him.
He moved between her legs and, using his hand, guided the head of her cock against her brown hole, looking at her as he did. He paused just a moment, almost for a dramatic effect, then abruptly leaned in and forward. His cock pierced her ass and pushed inside until he was perched over her with his body, his hand grasping the back of the couch.
He used that position and leverage to unmercifully drive as deep and hard into her ass as he could. A small gasp escaped her lips as she felt his cock fill and stretch her. He took that as an indication that it was hard on her. But he repeatedly crashed into her, each time just as hard.
Having developed a fluid motion, he continued pumping her with his cock. Her eyes closed, as if in resignation that she just had to accept the abuse. It was that kind of reaction that he sought and enjoyed, which just made him want to be still harder on her.
Soon, he lifted her legs up and draped her pink-heeled feet over his shoulders, which raised her ass a little higher. That made her hole more accessible and he took advantage of it and her by pressing even deeper into her until he could go no further.
Her ass was now fully impaled on his cock and he began to ride her hard like, as he called her, his Anal Slut. Each thrust was hard, some fast, others slower, but all very hard. He watched her obediently take the fucking she was getting. He could hear her elicit an occasional groan or grunt, which just incited him to being rougher with his next thrust.
After what felt like an eternity, she could feel his movement slow slightly and each plunge into her ass became more pointed, telling her he was close. Like with her pussy earlier, his finished with a flurry and very hard lunges into her until he arched his back and emptied his cock. Again, he milked his cock inside her until it was drained, finally sliding it out, leaving her ass spread wide once it was vacated.
He stepped back, tossing her and her legs aside onto the couch. As she gazed up at him from her strewn position, she knew she had pleased him, but could still see a fierce lust in his eyes. She managed to move her now-limp body first to a sitting position and then dropped to the floor at his feet.
She could see his cock was now more flaccid than hard, but still waited to see if he had more use for the slut. After a moment or two, he said he was done with her for today. Her training kicked in and she thanked him for using her and said she hoped she had pleased him. She then leaned in to drain the last of the cum from his cock before licking and sucking him clean.
As usual, he dressed and prepared to leave without hardly a word. He never thanked her and this was no exception today. She knew he wanted her to keep quiet unless spoken to, so she just rose back atop her pink heels and stood before him, allowing him to have a last look at her body and how she now looked after being used before she showed him to the door and left.
The slut's Master had instructed her to text the boys before MM arrived and invite them to use her this afternoon, too. She told them an approximate time she would be available, so as soon as MM left, she texted them that the slut was ready and that they could come over now. While she waited for them, her Master inquired how she felt and she calmly and bluntly said that she wanted to be used more and was excited they were already on the way. When asked how her pussy and clit were, she (almost proudly) confessed she was soaked and her clit was hard and fully out of its hood.
She was still in the same fishnets and pink heels when they knocked on the door about 5 minutes later. She said they really liked her new heels and how she looked in them, and she said they could clearly see her wet pussy and protruding clit as she modeled the heels and her body for them. She was instructed to tell them that she was so wet because she had just been used, but needed more use. She added that she hoped they would treat her like the slut she looked like and fucktoy she was.
After seeing her and hearing what she said, they were both hard and wanted her to get on her hands and knees. Like earlier with MM, she quickly was in position with tits down, ass up high and legs open wide. Her inviting pussy was quickly filled with a cock as he forced it into her fast and hard. After sliding in and out for only a little bit to get used to her tight pussy, he increased his speed and effort. Soon, he was like a piston, making her take the full length of his cock as it rammed into her repeatedly.
She was already very wet and horny to start, but having her pussy fucked just makes it and her even needier. Wanting more of that feeling, she would periodically tighten her pussy around his cock or rock back to meet him when he pushed into her. The slapping sound as he plunged into her was the only sound heard, other than an occasional grunt as he tried to be even harder on her. It wasn't much longer before she could feel his cock throb as it spurted out its load.
As she stayed in the same position, she reached down to feel her pussy at her Master's directions and reported that it was now flooded with her juices. It only took a brief moment for the spent cock to be replaced by a fresh, hard one. As he moved between her legs, she knew he could see that she was leaking down her inner thighs, but that just excited her more.
Being so wet, her pussy offered no resistance as she felt the head of his cock press against her fuck hole and glide deep inside her. He quickly picked up where the other had left off and was riding her fast and hard.
He slammed into her again and again, each time driving her forward, her tits rolling over the floor. He was in a rhythm and kept up a rapid pace, allowing her to time him so she could push back as he thrust in and take all of his cock as deep as it would go.
His assault went on and on until she felt his hands on her hips. He used her body as leverage and controlled her with his firm grasp. She knew he was very close because of how hard he was now banging her. Soon, his cock gushed forth and she knew she had pleased him. But also knew they would want to use her more .. and she still wanted more.
She rolled off her hands and knees to sit on the floor with her legs splayed and wet pussy displayed. She could see the 1stguy was already hard, but watched as they talked to each other while eyeing her. They spoke where she couldn't hear them, but she knew they were deciding what they were going to do to her next. While they talked, she moved back to stand before them
Finally speaking aloud, they told her to move to the couch. She made her way across the room in the high heels to the couch and waited for them to tell her how they wanted her. She expected them to say on her back like MM had put her, but instead ordered her onto her knees facing the couch, bent forward with her tits on the seat cushion.
As she got into position, she realized they would be able to mount her from behind and push all their weight into her while the couch held her in place. She knew that meant she was in for a very hard fucking, but just the thought excited her and made her pussy throb.
Now bent over the front of the couch, her knees spread wide and tits down, she waited, unable to see them. It didn't matter, because she soon felt one move behind her, use his feet to spread her knees further apart and lean down until she felt the head of his cock poking at her pussy. While she thought he would want her ass, she was happy when she felt him enter her pussy because it would just make her wetter.
However, he was not kind to her pussy because as his cock slid inside her, he raised up to forcefully drive it in as far as it would go with a single thrust. The furniture held her in place so his cock bottomed out hard and deep into her, causing her to utter an "owww". It was an involuntary response, but sent a clear message to him and the other one to use her even harder this time.
Rather than the usual and expected fluid motion of fucking her, he was more calculated and timed. He would draw back until the head was just barely between her swollen lips, then shift his weight and body forward to shove his cock into her hard. How he was using her was reminiscent of how a howitzer rears back before it fires a shell.
It was obvious he was pounding her pussy to abuse it more than fuck it. Each time, her body would compress against the seat cushion, leaving her pussy vulnerable to his repeated stabbings. Again and again, he would pull back only to recoil before crashing into her. Sometimes, it would only be a second or so before she felt his cock shoot through her wet hole, other times he would toy with her and wait longer to catch her unprepared.
The other boy, his cock in hand, sat on the same couch watching and listening to the repetitive melody of the guy grunting and her responding. It was an orchestrated performance of how to abuse a slut as just a hole and it was nearing its exciting climax. While he continued the same forceful motion, the assaults on her came faster and closer together now.
His breathing labored, he did one last effort before fully leaning over her, pressing his body over and on top of hers as he pushed his load out the tip of cock. Now buried deep inside her, he held it there and she felt it pulsing as his balls emptied. Drained, figuratively and literally, he laid atop her before rising and sliding his slick cock out of her.
She remained draped over the cushion, her body slumping down a bit from the abuse she'd just taken. Not knowing if she would be moved somewhere else, she just laid there, her body rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath. Her moment of peace and recovery was broken when she felt a hand press firmly on her back and a voice say, "Don't bother moving, slut."
He moved where the other guy just was and, after a couple seconds, she received a sharp swat on the ass followed by a stern "Get up so I can use you, slut!" She had completely forgotten how she was, but quickly straightened her back and raised her hips, presenting both her holes for him to pick.
It wasn't long before she knew his choice, as she felt the head of his cock press against her juicy pussy. After barely a pause, it parted her hole and slid inside, filling her once again. He started out with slow strokes, letting his cock adjust to her tight hole. As much as it had been used over the years, her pussy remained very tight, which made her happy because she knows it pleases guys.
Soon, she felt him increase his speed and intensity before finally settling in at a fairly fast pace. Unlike the one who had just used her, this one made her feel much more like she was being fucked. His cock went into her hard, then retreated only to quickly plunge into her again. It was a constant in and out motion that continuously flowed through her juices. The couch served its purpose of keeping her in place each time he went deep. The more he rode her, the wetter she felt her pussy grow. She loved being fucked, especially rough like just a hole for cocks to use.
His assault on her remained constant and unrelenting, giving her no chance to prepare for or recover from his use. Just in and out, in and out. Eventually, her tight pussy squeezing his cock took its toll. He increased his pace and was now slamming into her harder than before. It only took a minute or two until she felt his movement turn more to stabbing her pussy, making his cock spew its load. He slowed his pace, milking the last bit before pulling out, leaving her now pink, but very soaked pussy on display for them.
After a moment to catch her breath, she rolled off her knees to stand and face them once again. She asked if they still had more use for her, but they said they were done, so she cleaned their cocks and thanked them for using her.
The Day's Totals
Guys: 3
Fucked: 6
Ass: 1
Pussy: 5
Mouth: 0
Time Used: 51 minutes
Saturday, 06/29/2024 - Day Two
After being used by two different groups the previous afternoon, she told her Master before 9am the next morning that when she went out at her car, she noticed that two of the neighbor guys down the street were outside working on a car. He knew why she had mentioned it and told her she would go down to see if there was anything she could do to help them. She happily replied, "Yes, Sir. If you wish."
Before going down, she was made to wear the same too-sheer beach cover-up shirt she'd worn yesterday. However, she had nothing under it today, so her tits and nipples were clearly visible through it. She also tied it under her tits, so most of them were exposed anyways. She added a pair of denim booty shorts her Master had picked out for her that were cut so high they basically have no sides to them. The fabric in the front covers her pussy less than a standard bikini would and the back has just enough material to cover the crack of her ass. A metal buckle on each allows her to adjust them securely to her hips. She was allowed to wear sneakers that went with the casual look.
As she strode down the street in full view of anyone who was out or looking, the guys noticed her long before she got there. Once standing with them, she said hello and asked what they were doing, dutifully and proudly letting them inspect her outfit and body.
She knows to divert her eyes when guys are looking at her, so she innocently looked under the hood while their eyes wandered over her very visible tits and hard nipples. Accidentally knocking something off the fender, she bent down from the waist to retrieve it, but only after turning away from them so they could see her ass and just how much it was exposed.
Before she could pick it up off the ground, she felt their hands on her ass. She remained down while they groped her smooth cheeks, instinctively spreading her feet to allow them to reach between her legs and grab at her crotch. When she finally rose to face them, she smiled and said she was sorry to be so clumsy and set the item back on the car.
They just ignored her apology and, instead, said she should come inside with them. They knew full-well why she came down, but she still acted as naïve as she could, saying, "Oh, I thought you might like a hand with the car." They quickly said they didn't need help with the car, but if she went inside, letting them fuck her would help.
She paused, as if considering their offer, then told them she would go inside with them, but only if they promised to fuck her like the slut she looks like and is. The words had hardly escaped her lips when they said that would not be a problem. With that, she spun and headed up the steps, allowing them to follow behind, knowing they were watching her ass.
Once inside, she stood before them and quickly untied her top and let it fall to the floor. She then turned her back to them and unbuckled and unzipped the shorts and, as trained, bent only from the waist to slowly push them to the floor, letting them see her holes and that her pussy was already very wet.
Once naked, she faced them again, standing with her feet apart and back straight so they could inspect her body with their eyes. Then she calmly said, "Since I can't help you with the car, show me how fucking the slut will help you."
Not wasting any time, they were quickly out of their shorts and she saw that they were both already hard. One had used her before, but the other was new and she saw that his cock was at least 7" long. She knew to wait until told where they wanted her and was soon instructed to get down on the coffee table.
She obeyed like the good slut she is and pressed her body and tits against the hard top, knelt at the edge and spread her legs for them. She watched as the one who had used her before walked behind her, then felt him move close and hover over her prone body. A moment later, his cock was pressing against her tight asshole, where he rocked slightly to spread it with just the head.
She knew what was coming and soon felt his cock pierce her and push inside. He only went a couple inches deep and slowly moved in and out, either gauging her or teasing her. But the slow, easy use was short-lived and she felt him shove his entire cock into her as far as it would go. She couldn't help herself and emitted a shocked "Oww!"
Methodically, he pulled his cock almost out, only to slam it back into her. His rhythm was somewhat slow, but very forceful, driving her hips against the table with each thrust. He maintained the same pace and intensity, showing her the slut's ass was for fucking.
His cock raked through her hole again and again, each time ending with a very solid thud, followed by another one seconds later. While she could almost time him, she lost track of just how many times he had thrust into her. But the more he did and longer he did, the wetter she felt her pussy get.
She then felt him shift forward and knew he was getting close. His speed increased noticeably and, being closer to her, his cock drove deeper into his ass. His was now at a very rapid pace, pummeling her hole about every second. Before long, her lunged forward, expelling cum from his cock as it spasmed deep inside her. Drained, he pulled back to release his hold on her puckered hole.
She lay motionless except for her panting body, trying to catch her breath. Given the other guy was new, she raised up to stand before him, her asshole throbbing, to wait further instructions. When she did, she could see that his long cock was now very hard and even fatter than before.
He motioned towards the couch and told her to get on it, directing her to lay on her back. Dutifully, she strode to it and positioned her body as told, including spreading her legs apart, showing not only that she was ready for him to use her, but that her pussy was soaked.
He moved between her splayed legs and paused a moment to look at the slut and how she patiently waited for his cock. Smiling, her reached down to slide two fingers over and then through her wet slit, making sure to also rub over her clit, which was fully on display. As he toyed with her, she felt a wave building inside her, but fought to suppress it, knowing her orgasms didn't matter - only his.
When he finally removed his fingers from her pussy, she saw them glisten with her juices. He lubed his cock with his wet fingers while gazing down at her. Now ready, he stepped closer, lowered his body and split her swollen lips with the head of his big cock. Still excited from being fingered, she let out a low moan.
Poised and ready to use her, he spoke, "You want to be fucked like a slut should be?" She blinked, looked him in the eyes before lowering them and submissively uttered, "Yes, it is what the slut is for and why she has her holes." He paused momentarily and said, "That's exactly what I'm going to do to the slut."
The words echoed in her head as she felt his cock slowly push into her pussy. She could already tell he was, indeed, thicker by how he stretched her as it slid in deeper. He unhurriedly fed her more and more of his cock until it was all the way in. She knew he was deeper than most and knew she was about to get a rough fucking.
As he held his cock inside her, her pussy involuntarily contracted around it, waiting for him to start. Without warning, he pulled back and slammed into her, causing her to lean back and gasp. Before she could even catch her breath, he thrust into her again, even harder. And then the fucking began.
Again and again, his cock sank deep inside her pussy, but at a fairly slow pace. Given what she's accustomed to, his fluid motion was manageable, but his length and girth were more than enough to make her feel very used. As he continued, she could see that he was almost pacing himself, enjoying himself, and that he would probably use her harder eventually.
He was machine-like in how he'd piston in and out, just a steady repetitive pounding. She craved being used harder, but the size of his cock was doing a job on her. Other than their heavy breathing and grunts, the only other noise was the sound of the juices in her pussy. Glancing down, she saw that she was now sloppy wet and had coated his shaft.
Almost as if he sensed that she had settled into the beat of his cock, he suddenly amped up his attack on her pussy. He was now going faster, leaning in to penetrate still more. He escalated to relentlessly fucking her and just kept up this pace. While most would be nearing an orgasm by now, he showed no signs and looked like he was in control and pacing himself.
He wasn't long enough to bang her cervix, but still filled her like others couldn't. It was a mix of pain and pleasure for her, as her pussy throbbed both from the rough use and pleasure. And he just kept going. But things would soon change.
After a few more minutes, he reached down, grabbed her legs and tossed them over his shoulders. Then, she saw him take a step forward. Now in a position that made her hole even more accessible, she suddenly felt his cock go even deeper. Once acclimated, he started fucking her harder, faster, deeper. He knew his cock was bigger than average and was showing her he knew how to use it.
He'd no sooner bury his long shaft into the slut and she'd feel it coming again. Holding her like he was, he was in full control of her body and her pussy was completely defenseless. The more he went, the faster he got and harder he tried to abuse her and her hole. He could see she was letting him do to her whatever he wanted.
Now struggling with how hard he was being, she kept expecting him to cum, but he unmercifully continued his attack on her pussy. Her pussy now throbbed from being used, as well as just how good it felt. Without even realizing it, her pussy had tightened around his shaft, trying to milk it for everything she could.
The combination of her pussy clenching and his prolonged fucking eventually got the best of him. But it came with a price for her to pay. The closer he got, the harder and faster he slammed into her until his cock finally unleashed a big load. She felt his cock pulse as he came, leaving her pussy pulsing and her even wetter and needier.
After sliding his cock out, he just turned and walked away, his actions clearly saying he was done with the slut. Her now-weary legs dropped and she slide off the cushion, landing on her ass on the floor, her back against the front of the couch. Her knees were parted, leaving her drenched and puffy pussy on display.
Her foggy state was broken when she heard a voice say "Get your ass over here slut and get on the floor. I'm gonna mount you and fuck that ass again!" Already on the floor, she just crawled to where he was, turned to present her ass to him and then lowered her tits to the floor.
Her asshole shined with the juices that had drained down while being used. Not that he needed or cared, but it made the path into her ass slick and inviting. He moved behind her to press the tip of his cock in just deep enough to spread her tight hole open and then began sinking his cock into her.
He heard a soft "Uhhh" escape her as he began delivering on his promise (or threat) to fuck her ass again. Unlike last time, he was not patient or methodical. Instead, he just forced her to accept his cock and quickly shoved it deep inside her. Once buried, he adjusted his feet then pulled back and harshly pushed in again, a little deeper now.
Her body rocked forward from the impact and she instantly felt him stuff her again. And then again. Having already cum once, this time he was using her fast and hard, knowing he could last longer. He soon settled into a steady thumping that was like a metronome.
The pace gave her little chance to recover from one or prepare for the next. It was just one right after another. He used her like the fucktoy tattoo above her pussy stated she was and her ass was now only a hole for him to use. Enduring minute after minute of relentless fucking, her head lowered and dropped to the floor.
She was relegated to just accept the punishment he was giving her ass, but made sure to keep her hips raised so he had easy access. He maintained the same pace, adding a little extra push every so often, the unexpected jolts often causing her to make a noise on impact.
She had no concept of time or how long he'd been fucking her, but knew by how her ass felt that it had been a long time. In time, she felt the telltale sign of his impending orgasm when he started pumping her with greater enthusiasm. His pace remained fast, but his thrusts were now more like jabs, as if coaxing his load through his shaft.
It wasn't much longer when she felt him lunge deep in her and stay there, his cock gushing again. After a moment, he rode her ass a few more times to pump out the last of his load and then stopped. He remained impaled in her ass a few seconds, then slide out. She could feel the air hit her hole and knew it was spread open from his use.
Now free of his cock, she rose to her knees to face the two of them. She felt good seeing his cock was red from fucking her. Her eyes moved to the other guy and was surprised to see he was not hard or stroking.
She waited for further instructions, but didn't receive any so she asked if he had more use for the slut. He said he didn't today, but looked forward to using her ass one day. A little taken aback, she asked if the slut had not pleased him and he said she did, but he needed to go and didn't have the time today.
She returned to her feet, appropriately spread and stood before them. Her body was on display, her tits rising and falling with her heavy breathing. She asked if the other had more use for the slut or if she should leave and he said he, too, was done with her for the day. She dutifully cleaned and drained their cocks and thanked them for using her.
While re-dressing, she told them her Master wanted her to ask if a group of them would like to use her the next day in all of her holes until they were completely finished with her, even if it meant she would be used for hours. They quickly said they would and asked how many, to which she said it was up to them. Adding that she was trained to please all cocks, no matter the number.
They chatted more about the next day and gave them one last look at her in her outfit before turning to leave and walk back home.
It was only a little after 10am and the slut had already been fucked 3 times, on top of the 6 times yesterday.
Shortly after Noon, she said MM texted asking if she was free that afternoon. In spite of her morning and the plans with the guys for the next afternoon, she was told to reply that she had already been used earlier in the day, but was still available for more use. He replied that he wanted to share her with 2 friends and could be there in about an hour. The slut said she would be ready and asked if he had any requests for her, to which his only instructions were for her to keep quiet. She responded, "The slut knows to keep her holes open and mouth shut unless spoken to." And, with that, plans for even more use for the slut were set.
Knowing MM wants her in little if any clothes, she was re-dressed. She greeted them wearing only wore her black shelf bra that raised her tits and left his nipples exposed, sheer black thigh-high stockings and black 5" ankle straps heels. She had also added her leather dog collar and a glossy pink coating to her lips.
She immediately saw his friends were new and felt a tingle of excitement come over her. Not just because she would be used by and able to please new cocks, but because MM has said he's told others about her and how they wanted their turns. She could see how the new guys eyed her body, but they didn't say anything or show any emotion. As she led them into the main room, she purposely swayed her hips a little, knowing they were watching her ass.
As is usually the case with MM, she knew to just stand before them with her feet apart and back straight so her body was on display. Their gazes remained on her while undressing and talking quietly amongst themselves. She could see that all were mostly hard already, but took note that one of the new guys was 7"+ like the neighbor who had used her a few hours ago.
While she liked that he was bigger, she knew it would be rough for her. MM always preps his friends by telling them about how he and others have used her, and that she will accept what they do to her, no matter how hard it is on her. She could tell, just seeing how they all looked at her while stroking their cocks to full length and hardness, they planned to see just how hard they could fuck her.
Soon, she received orders to bend over the top of the table and quickly moved across the room and into position, finishing by spreading her feet apart to present her holes. A new guy (but not the one with the big cock) started feeding his cock into her waiting pussy. He was a little slower and easier than she'd expected, but figured it was because it was his first time. Plus, he may have been surprised by how tight her pussy was.
He settled into a routine and used her that way for a few minutes. Then, maybe because he'd found he really didn't have to go easy on her, his pace quickened and he was noticeably fucking her harder. Instead of a smooth in and out motion, his thrusts had grown more aggressive, pushing her body against the table's edge.
He was now working her pussy more like she expected. As he did, it rejuvenated sensations from the morning, which just made her very wet all over again. Unbeknownst to any of them, she shifted slightly so her clit now rubbed against the rounded edge of the table each time he pushed into her.
She had no intention of allowing herself to cum. Instead, she did it only so she'd want to be used more and harder. And he was now doing just that. His hips thrust forward, giving him added weight and power to drive into her. His tempo now rapid, he relentlessly hammered her hole, the table rocking as he did.
It wasn't long before he was really leaning into her, pressing her and her clit against the table as he pounded her hard and fast. The rhythmic pattern then changed as he jerked inside her pussy and expelled his load. He pumped several more times to fully unload, before sliding his cock out, slapping her ass and adding "Nice hole, slut."
His words resonated with her because what she likes most about being used is knowing guys cum and are pleased with her. She knew there would be more use and more to please, but she remained at the table waiting for further instructions. Turns out there were none, only the head of the next cock pressing into her tight asshole. He rocked back and forth slightly until his cock head and half of his shaft disappeared inside.
She could tell without looking it was the new guy with the bigger cock. She tried to relax her hole and shifted her feet slightly to adjust to how his girth stretched her. Before she was able to prepare herself, he pulled back and slammed into her. The impact pinned her against the table, which held her in place while his cock tunneled deep into her ass.
Only she was able to hear the gasp as she winced at how his first effort hurt. She realized that was only the beginning and it would eventually get even rougher, but knew it was her place just to accept the abuse if it meant she was pleasing the guy. She steadied herself atop her fuck-me heels while he began to go to work on her.
He had a smooth motion, but each inward assault ended with a resounding blow. Part of it was just a result of where his extra length ended inside her, but he also added a firm exclamation mark each time. His shaft gliding in and out of her tight hole made her feel like she was getting fucked, but the jolt made her also feel like she was getting pounded.
His assault went on and on, his stroke staying almost like it was on a timer. She tried to adjust to his extra thickness and length, but it was more than she was used to, especially with how he was using her. Every time he reached his endpoint, her body would shake from the collision, and she knew another was coming any second.
The repetitive pace allowed her to time his impacts, but the uniformity also lulled her into a sense of complacency. It felt like he just kept going and going. Her mind was now singularly focused on her ass because he was going much faster and fucking her much harder.
Without notice, her escape from his monotonous drubbing was broken. She assumed he felt his balls tightening and was closing in on an orgasm, and wanted to do to the slut what other females would not allow. If that meant he wanted to see if she could handle a cock like his, he was certainly trying to find out.
Once again, the table swayed each time he rammed into her. His cock pushed even deeper than before, as he leaned into her harder. She could not escape his attacks because the table held her in place. Soon, she felt his hands take ahold on her hips, using her body for added leverage. Now, as he thrust into her, he would pull back to force her to take more of his cock.
A minute later, his grasp on her hips got much tighter and he buried his cock as far and hard as he could into her ass, just as a large load gushed. He kept up the rapid pace as long as he could to get every last drop, finally releasing his hold on her. As he slid his shaft out, her ass retracted, almost as if it clung to him as he exited her.
He had moved away, but she just laid limp over the tabletop, her legs a little shaky. Her ass felt like it had been violated and she could feel the coolness on her pussy as the air swept across her juices. Her body visibly rose and fell as she tried to catch her breath.
"Get up slut!" came MM's voice, snapping her back to reality. She quickly and obediently rose and faced where the voice came from. He saw him sternly looking at her before barking, "Get on the floor where you belong, slut!"
She lowered her eyes before crossing in front of MM to take her position on all fours. Her tits immediately met the floor and her hips pushed up and legs spread apart, giving him and the others a clear view of her well-used ass and pussy. She knew he would want her ass, but she remained poised for whatever he wanted to do to her.
She felt his presence as he moved behind her, then heard him say, "Gentlemen, let me show you what a slut is for and deserves." As his words trailed off, her heart raced a bit, both from the excitement of knowing she was in for rough fucking, and nervousness from having experienced just how uncaring and brutal MM can be when he wants.
In a matter of seconds, she felt the head of his cock pressing at her puckered hole, which confirmed he would use it. Even though it was still a little open from just being used, she still felt it pried apart until the head popped inside. He shifted slightly, as if adjusting his position and placement of his cock, and she could feel it bob in her opening.
He remained motionless, but only momentarily and then she felt it. In a single, swift motion, his hips swayed back until he transferred his weight forward and crammed his cock harshly into her ass as hard and far as he could. Her body, buoyed atop her tits, lurched forward with the blow and she expelled a loud grunt that they all could clearly hear.
Before she could even begin to recover, he recoiled and repeated the same brutal motion. Not once or twice, but 8, 9, 10 more times, as if he was counting. He paused just long enough to catch his breath and let the slut feel the effect of the beating. She was clearly uncomfortable and hurting after what he'd done, on top of the fucking she'd just endured.
Her reprieve was short-lived, as he now started on her again, this time with a fluid and relentless in and out motion. But he remained rough, jarring her every time he bottomed out. Her ass felt like he was not just showing the others how to fuck the slut, but was maybe showing off. He was being even more aggressive than his usual hard use.
In contact with her Master on her phone she managed to say he was really hurting her, but received no sympathy in return. Instead, he simply replied "Good girl. It's what she is for and why her ass was trained." She was only able to muster a "Yes, Sir" in response, agreement.
All the while, his attack on her continued with the same intensity. He showed no signs of slowing down or letting up, steadily fucking her like the Anal Slut he liked to call her. As a couple minutes became many more minutes of unyielding use of her ass, she could feel herself getting sorer. But she obediently stayed in position, just accepting his punishment.
Once again, she felt hands on her hips, as he grabbed her tightly to control her body and his movements. He now was pulling her back to meet him as he thrust into her, pounding her ass even harder and deeper. His pace quickened to where it was getting unbearable, but she held on, knowing he was close to cumming.
And soon he was at the point, but not before or without somehow getting more ruthless. The fucking continued until she felt him lurch forward, his hot load gushing from his cock. He paused a moment, then pummeled her more, as she felt him pulsate deep inside her tight hole. Finally, done with her, he pulled his shaft out, giving her some much-needed relief.
As he moved away, her hips slumped and her chest now rested on the floor, her body rising and falling from her labored breathing. She knew she should lift herself up and stand, but needed the rest. Her eyes remained closed and she was oblivious to her surroundings or the guys.
It may have been a minute or it could have been just seconds, but she was snapped back to reality when she felt a cock first pressing against her still-gaped hole, then pushing into her ass, replacing the cock that had just been there. They usually give her a small break to recover, but not today. Another cock was already fucking her again.
After a moment to process what was happening, her training and instincts kicked in. Her back raised up and straightened, her hips moved high and she was once again in position with her tits pressed against the floor. The guy took advantage of how she now was and continued to fuck her, but could now lean in to go deeper and harder.
Her ass felt raw and ached, yet she knew it was her place to accept more and she bravely and obediently did. He settled into a rhythm that was both rapid and rough, driving in and out of her hole. While she felt his every movement inside her, the throbbing from having his ass used grew.
Suddenly and uncontrollably, tears welled in her eyes and she began to cry. She did her best to stifle them and any sobbing noises. Even though she knew it was a sign of weakness and didn't want to disappoint Her Master, she admitted to him that she was crying. She knew, if detected, the guy in her ass might feel compelled to go easy on her and that would not please him. Instead, as he kept violating her with his cock, she bit her lip and took a couple of deep breaths.
Soon, the sobbing ceased, but she still fought hard to keep it from happening again. Either the guy didn't notice or didn't care, because he never slowed or missed a beat. He just continued to relentlessly pummel her for minutes on end, which felt like hours to her. Eventually, he accelerated and his thrusts become more pointed, impactful.
Just like the 2 guys before him, he buried his cock deep into her ass while it unloaded. After a few more pumps to fully drain his cream, he pulled back and his cock popped out, leaving her ass feeling like it was on fire.
This time, she could not help herself and just fell to the floor. Lying flat, she felt her ass pulse, her body heaving as she tried to catch her breath. In time, she had recovered enough to rise to her knees and finally her feet to face them once again. As bad as her ass hurt, they could now clearly see that her pussy was even wetter now.
Her legs trembled slightly as she stood atop her heels once again, waiting for her next instructions. Seeing she was presenting herself for more use, the guy with the bigger cock told her to lay over the arm of the couch and get ready to be used again. She slowly, but compliantly, did as ordered and moved into position with her feet apart to expose her holes.
She hoped he would not use her ass again, but waited and resigned herself to accept it if it is what he wanted. She watched as he walked towards her, his cock in hand, until he disappeared behind her. When she felt his hands on her ass, she tensed slightly, but quickly relaxed, knowing it would be easier on her.
With a sense of relief, she felt him guide the head of his big cock against her drenched pussy and begin to feed it into her. He pushed a couple inches of his shaft in and began to rock back and forth, sliding it through her juices. As much as she was hurting, it still felt so good. She knew having her pussy fucked would be easier on her, plus that it would just make her hornier, even though she couldn't cum from being fucked.
Her mind may have wandered briefly, but quickly re-focused on her pussy when he sank deeper and deeper until his entire length was fully immersed. Impaled on his cock, the couch holding her in place, he began to withdraw, only to plunge back into her. Almost immediately, he was smoothly gliding in and out in a very steady pattern.
His size more than made up for the somewhat easy pace, as she felt it stretch her and bury itself deep. She soon found herself enjoying his use, shifting slightly to allow him even better access to her slick hole. He reciprocated by filling the void further inside her, but kept the same pace.
Eventually, he sped up and added an extra push at the end of each stroke. She now felt more like she was being fucked, but it excited her. Periodically, she would tighten to squeeze his shaft, trying to capture even more of the sensations. Whether he felt it or not, he just continued at the pace he wanted, not what she needed.
She could see the others looking at her and watching the cock gliding in and out of her. MM was already hard and the other was mostly hard. The feeling from having her pussy used renewed her desire for those cocks to have another turn, but she returned her attention to the guy now inside her.
She'd lost all track of time, but knew he'd been fucking her for a long time and, as always, her tight hole pleased him. Its slickness and grasp on his shaft caused him to become aggressive as he neared an orgasm. Ultimately, he was now at a very rapid pace and being rougher.
He kept up that pace for a few more minutes until he neared the end and just started banging her. Each jolt bottomed out, only to be replaced by another one. Again, and again and again. And then, he was using her pussy as fast and furious as he could. Needing release, he hammered her hard and deep until his load gushed out of his cock.
Satisfied and drained, he slid out of her, leaving her pussy tingling like it always did when it is fucked. As he moved away, she rose from her perch on the couch arm, walked back to the center of the room and presented herself for more use, her pussy glistening with her juices.
"On the couch, slut!" MM ordered with a wave of his hand. She didn't have to wait, didn't have to ask. She already knew exactly how he wanted her and why. After a couple of steps, she was at her destination and turned to sit, but only long enough to slouch down until she was on her back and her hips dangled over the front edge of the cushion. She finished up by spreading her legs apart.
She could see the new guys almost amazed at how she knew what to do. Their eyes surveyed her as she laid in position, eventually drifting down from her firm, round tits to her wet pussy and asshole, now pinkish from use. As she waited for MM, she knew to lower her eyes and not look at him. But she could still see his figure as he approached and moved between her open legs.
She knew he wanted her very sore ass and soon felt the head of his cock parting it. He took his time pushing in with a long, smooth motion. Her eyes were still downwards, but she knew from many times before, he was watching her, gauging her reaction. She tried to remain calm, emotionless, but it was a struggle given how sore she was already.
Finally buried deep, he rocked slowly, not moving his cock, but pushing against her. He was just toying with her and she knew it, but also knew she was just a hole and let him do as he wished. Without a word, he moved his hands under her legs and scooped them up in the air. As her body slipped down a little lower, he adjusted to press deeper.
After a brief pause, he moved her legs higher until her heeled feet draped over his shoulders, leaving her asshole totally vulnerable. She could almost feel him smile from the pleasure putting her in this predicament gave him, but realized he liked that power, that control over her and how it left her defenseless.
His hands slid down her legs until she felt him stop and squeeze tightly. And with that, his assault began. He was not slow or nice in how he started. Instead, he smashed into her very hard, only to rear back and keep doing the same to her. He liked being rough with her and watching for any reaction she had to it.
The more she tried to just lay and accept the abuse, the more he persisted, but his thrusts grew harsher. He was determined to make her show signs of struggling and didn't let up one bit. After several minutes of being repeatedly fucked hard, the soreness and his attacks took their toll and a groan escaped her.
It was what he had been waiting for, proof that he was winning. And it only served as an added incentive because now his was going faster and sliding more of his shaft out of her tight hole before stuffing it back in. She actually liked the sadistic streak in him of always wanting to push her even more.
As the minutes passed, the game continued as he got more and more aggressive. Her body now was pressed into the cushion from the force of the fucking she was getting. She bounced each time he drove into her, which meant he could drill her harder on the rebound. He was now at a frenzied pace, relentlessly using her ass as his toy and for his pleasure.
He had been at it for what felt to her like a very long time when she felt him release her legs and move forward. Through squinted eyes, she saw him reach for the back of the couch. His hands clenched it tightly and then used it to pull his hips forward while he hovered over her body that now glistened with sweat.
He ravaged her ass harder, rougher, faster until she felt him lean all the way forward and his cock release its load. He stayed that way for a moment while he unloaded, then finished with a series of sharps jabs to get the last drops. Finished with her, he extracted his shaft and just tossed her and her legs aside and walked away.
She managed to roll off the couch and onto her knees, where she remained, trying to catch her breath and recover. The next guy watched her, but had not said anything, so she asked her Master for a small break and some water, and it was granted. She moved across the room to where her water was and sat on the floor. When her Master asked if her legs were apart to let them see her pussy, she answered, "Yes, Master, always."
As she rested, they talked quietly amongst themselves while looking at her. She could see the next guy was hard, so she knew they were not done with her yet. Recovered, she rose to her feet and asked if they had more use for the slut, and they said they did. When she asked how else she could please them, she was told to bend over the table again.
Like before, she moved to the table, took her position and spread her feet. The guy moved behind her and placed a hand on her back. Pressing down, he held her in place and stepped forward, the head of his cock finding her just-used asshole. Slowly he spread her open until it vanished inside.
He paused only a second or two before abruptly stuffing her ass with a very hard thrust. A slight "Oww" could be heard, but it didn't faze him and he pulled back to do it again. He then settled into a repeated motion where all he did was fuck her hard, recoil and do it again. Soon, he was drubbing her ass over and over.
Each time he thumped her, the table held her in place and pressed against her hips. She knew when the next one was coming, but could only accept the non-stop abuse. After several more minutes of it, she felt her legs grow weary, but fought to stay firm and available to him.
Before long, his pace quickened and thrusts grew stronger, more forceful. The rhythmic pounding was now nothing more than a good, hard fucking. Another minute or two and he leaned in and laid atop her, releasing another load. He pumped her more to get it all out, before rising up and gliding his cock from her ass.
She allowed him to walk away before rising, steadying herself on her heels before moving to present herself again. She was quickly greeted with "On your knees, slut", to which she lowered herself to the floor. She instinctively began to get on her hands and knees again when she heard, "I said your knees, slut. I'm going to fuck your mouth and throat."
Her mind clouded with fatigue, it took a second for his words to register, but then she crawled to where he was, got on her knees and raised up. Her firm tits and soaked pussy displayed before him, she placed her hands behind her.
She waited to see what he would do and he simply slid her cock against her lips. She opened wide, allowing it to slip into her mouth and over her tongue. He moved in and out for a little bit, but slowly and only in her mouth, before stopping. When he didn't use her any more, she knew it was her job to do the work and began sucking him. She started slowly, pushing back and forth over his shaft, being careful not to apply too much suction or concentrate only on the head.
As she slid over it, she could feel the engorged glands and see it was glistening wet. She wanted to please him and make him cum, but also to make him last. After a few minutes, she added more of her tongue to lick the sensitive underside, as well as pursed her lips to slightly squeeze the head each time it entered and exited her mouth.
He began rocking forward a little to meet her mouth, letting her know just how much he was enjoying it. As she continued to work on his long shaft, he put his hands on the back of her head. What started as just guiding her mouth over his cock, soon turned more forceful and she felt him go deeper.
The more she sucked, the more he pulled her head forward until she felt it hit the back of her throat. She gagged slightly at first contact, but stayed over his cock and let him continue what had now turned into a face-fucking. The length of his cock and added intensity was hard on her.
Even though she would gag every so often, he never eased the pressure on her head or depth he went. He just got harder and faster, fucking her like it was just another hole. When she saw his legs straighten and heard the sounds he was making, she knew he was about to feed her his load.
Then, suddenly, he jerked a few times and pulled his cock from her mouth and clenched it in his fist. Stroking furiously, a heavy white stream erupted and splattered on her tits. She remained in position, presenting her tits to him, until he had fully discharged and coated them.
His cock just inches from her face, she leaned forward and took it in her mouth, gliding over it and sucking out the last few drops. By the time he left her mouth, she could already feel his cum draining down her tits. She proudly showed them to him and quietly said "Thank you."
She licked her lips, collecting any cum that was on them, then began to rise to her feet. "Since you're already down there, slut," she heard MM speak, "stay there and get on your hands and knees." His words stopped her ascent and she dropped to all fours and crawled to the center of the room and turned so her ass and pussy was facing him. A moment later, her tits were down and ass up, showing she was still available and ready for use.
She couldn't see, but could tell he almost immediately moved in behind her, then felt him use his foot to let her know to spread her legs even wider. She didn't resist or rebuff him, only obeyed, and then stayed in fucking position, waiting for him to use her. She knew her holes were now even more open to him, both for access and view.
He wasted little time taking advantage of how she was and leaned in to guide his cock against her sloppy pussy. It effortlessly slipped in and he continued pushing, burying the entire length in her hole. He was no sooner in her when he pulled back and started fucking her. It was an accelerated pace that ended with a firm thrust at the end of each downward stroke.
He was rough on her from the very outset, both with the force he used and how fast he pummeled her still-tight hole. Having already unloaded in her twice, he knew he could be more ruthless and still last. As the minutes passed, he just continued slamming into her over and over. The quickness of his assault left her gasping for air through her open mouth.
The savagery of how he was fucking her shoved her petite body forward from the impact. But he wanted to be even more brutal and for her to feel it, so he took her hips in his hands. He used her body for leverage, pulling her back as he rammed his cock into her pussy with even greater power.
Her reply of "Umph" confirmed he had the effect on her that he wanted and encouraged him to continue without letting up. It was just a constant beat of him thrusting in while yanking her back over his cock. Her body now violently jerked back and forth from him pulling on her and smashing into her. He was pistoning her as fast as he could, using her like the Fucktoy tattoo said she was.
She felt his fingers dig in around her hip bones as he harshly stabbed into her, his cock erupting again. She could feel his cock twitching inside her as it unloaded a stream of cum. He used his grip on her to milk his cock until it was drained. Finally releasing her from his grasp, he pulled out of her pussy, which was as swollen as it was wet.
She raised her head to see him move away from her, a sign for her to once again rise and stand before them. Upright and presenting her body, her tits rose and fell with her heavy breaths. She could tell by their flaccid cocks and actions that they were done with her, but she still asked as trained if they were.
When they said they were done, she cleaned and drained them as always, thanked them and said she hoped she pleased them. Before they left, she fetched a Sharpie marker that her Master had told her to set out on a table. Offering it to them, she asked if they would like to mark the slut's body with words that would remind her what she was.
She stood at attention while the marker glided across her flesh. When they finished, she thanked them again and led them to the door. Now alone, she told her Master that they wrote "Slut" under her tits and "Fuck me harder" above her ass. Then thanked her Master for having her used for what she was for.
Exhausted, she was allowed to rest, but confessed her pussy was drenched, even though her ass was so sore, it hurt to sit or walk. But she knew it was just something she had to accept because she was gifted with 3 holes so they could be used by men for their pleasure.
The Day's Totals
Guys: 5
Fucked: 12
Ass: 7
Pussy: 4
Mouth: 1
Time Used: 1 hour 50 minutes
Sunday, 06/30/2024 - Day Three
The next morning, the slut's ass was still almost as sore as it was the previous afternoon when MM and his friends finished using her. Her pussy was sore, too, but not near as bad. After talking with her Master about the plans for any number of neighbor guys to have unlimited use of her holes all afternoon, it was decided cancelling those plans would be best. Not because she wasn't willing, because she said it would be hard, but would do it. Instead, because the guys might see how much pain she was in and go easy on her, and that is never the intent of having the slut used.
She was instructed to text them about the change in plans, including explaining the reason was that she got harshly used after she left their house. They said they understood, but she still apologized and promised to make it up to them. Even though those plans were now off, her Master still decided to dress her for the day to look and feel like the slut she was.
It's not uncommon for her to be dressed for when she is home working, doing chores or just relaxing. In fact, she has at-home work outfits picked for her 2 or 3 days a week that are so revealing and/or slutty they can't be worn outside the house. So, her Master's instructions only indicated to her that he wished to dress her and not have her used.
He chose a very sheer, very tight white zipper-front dress that stopped just below her ass cheeks that she had bought, but not yet worn. It snugly hugged every curve of her body and did little to hide her tits or pussy. She admitted it was tighter and more see-through than she had thought. Adding her white 5" ankle strap heels raised her up, as well as the hemline of the skirt. She was told to lower the zipper, which ran all the way to the bottom of the dress, to below her tits, so they spilled out, but her nipples stayed just barely concealed.
She went about her day, doing things around the house that she needed and wanted to, all the while feeling the dress on her and, from time to time, catching a glimpse of herself in a mirror. Early afternoon, she asked why she was dressed today and was told because she'd been such a slut the last 2 days, she should look like one, but he asked why she wanted to know.
She said she wondered if her Master had decided to have her used after all. When asked if, after the last 2 days, she still wanted used more, she confessed, "Yes, please, if you wish." While all the use may have left her sore and tired, it also made her crave it again, more. He said it seemed like the slut was not fucked out yet, so she would get fucked some more.
Given how sore her ass was, only her pussy and mouth could be used because her Master didn't want anyone feeling like they had to go easy of her. He made her walk out in front of her house in her outfit to see what she saw at the neighbor guys' house. After reporting that she could see the usual 2 cars, she was told she would walk down the street in her sheer dress and heels to offer herself up to them again. As revealing and slutty as she would look, she complied without a comment.
Once there, she followed the instructions she was given before leaving home, and knocked and asked to come in. There were 2 guys there, one being new, and they gladly invited her in. She stood before them in her sheer dress and heels, and they commented on how see-though it was and much they liked it.
She reiterated that her ass was so sore from being used by 3 more guys the day before and apologized for not being available for a group of them to use all her holes all afternoon as planned. Now seated while she remained standing, they again said it was okay and understood. Without a word, she lowered the zipper on her dress until it came open and then shimmied her body just enough that it fell to the floor at her feet.
No longer veiled by the sheer fabric, her body was on full display. The word "Slut" that had been written under her tits remained and she saw them looking at it. She explaining the guys had marked her yesterday for what she was, and then slowly turned to show them they had also written "Fuck me harder" above her ass, adding they also wrote what should be done to her. They agreed that what was written on her body was very true.
Once again facing them, her nipples were rock and they could clearly see that her pussy was very wet. She told them she knew it wouldn't fully make up for things, but, if they wished, they could still use her today, but only her mouth and pussy. Without even looking at each other, they said they would.
She thanked them and asked what she could do first to make it up to them. They were sitting on the couch and both wanted her to suck their cocks. She silently and obediently dropped to her knees and moved in front of them, asking if they wanted her to please them together or one at a time. The new guy spoke up to say one at a time and he wanted to be first.
She undid his shorts, pulling them and his underwear off as he raised his hips. When she lifted her head, she saw he was already mostly erect, but that he was at least 7", maybe more. Licking her lips, she leaned in and took the head into her mouth.
She bobbed up and down slowly, knowing everything is always and only about the guy's pleasure. One moment, she applied virtually no pressure as she glided over his shaft, then she would close her mouth and suck on it. She alternated between letting little more than the head enter her mouth and pushing her face into his crotch until she felt him in her throat.
She was careful to pace things, but could tell he had slumped back on the couch. Seeing her enter the house, strip and offer herself up, combined with the pleasure of having his cock deftly sucked, was mounting. As she slid down his shaft again and again, she made it a point to stay aware of his movements and sounds so she could finish him at the same time he was ready to finish.
His pushed his hips upward to feed her his cock and moan lowly. She knew he was very close and sped up how fast she moved, taking him deeper sucking him harder. He moved his hands to her head and started forcing her to take more of him, which she did without hesitation.
That was all he could take and exploded into her mouth and throat. As she milked his shaft, she hungrily swallowed his cream and went back for more. She was rewarded with a second large spurt, then smaller ones until his hands fell from her head. She slithered over his rod a few more times to get the last drops before releasing it with a smacking sound from her lips.
She raised her head, swirled her tongue around her lips to savor the sweet coating and smiled slightly. But only for a moment because she knew there was another cock waiting and more work to be done. As she slid over to focus her attention on the other guy, the new guy rose off the couch and walked away.
After watching the slut suck his friend's cock, he was already rock hard, with precum oozing from the head. The first thing she did was collect those droplets with her tongue, then let it glide across the underside of his shaft. His cock wasn't even inside her mouth and it was already twitching.
She went to work, burying her face over his cock, letting it sink deep into her throat right away. As she rose up, she let it almost slip from between her lips, but, before it could, she fell down over it again. While she used a long, teasing motion, once again, she made sure she was careful so he would last and enjoy her mouth.
He had used her many times before, but never this hole and was taking pleasure in how silky smooth it was as he watched her head bouncing in his lap. She held a steady motion that engulfed his cock each time she dipped down. He was letting her do all the work -- her job - while he sat back and enjoyed it.
She changed things up from time to time to give him different sensations and help delay his orgasm. She pulled his cock all the way out of her mouth and used the flat of her tongue to lick it like a lollipop from the bottom to the tip. She backed off so only the head was between her lips so she could pop it in and out. She even captured it between her tits and fucked it while squeezing them together.
Intent on giving her best to make up for ruining the afternoon's plans, her attention was on the cock in front of her. She was focused on what she was doing, the effect it was having and any sounds or movements he made. So fixated, she didn't realize the new guy had moved behind her until she felt a hand on her back pushing her forward. He continued to press, forcing her to move from her knees to her hands and knees so she could continue sucking the cock.
Before she could even process what was happening, she felt him mount her and push his big cock into her pussy. He wasted no time and just started fucking her with long, forceful strokes right off the bat. What started as a blowjob had quickly turned into a spit roast with her now a piece of meat between the two of them.
When she's on all fours, it's usually tits down and ass up, so this was a little different feeling for her. She shifted her hips and body slightly to adjust for that and soon he had even greater access to her hole. He showed her his thanks by driving his shaft deeper, ending with a resounding thud. And then he just kept doing it again and again.
Having been caught off guard by the surprise invasion from behind and the pounding she was now getting, she didn't even realize the other guy's cock was no longer in her mouth. A moment of panic came over her at the total lack of attention for him and his cock. Looking up, her anxiety was eased slightly when she saw that he was still just as hard. Apparently, he really liked seeing his friend come up behind the slut and attack her like that.
Now below and facing his cock, she started where she'd left off. She leaned forward, let the head part her lips and kept going until it was entirely buried in her mouth again. Just then, a jolt from behind launched her forward and forced her to unexpectedly take him throat deep. Maybe it was intentional or maybe it was just a coincidence, but she gagged and involuntarily pulled her head back from the sudden impact.
She quickly realized her mistake and corrected it by returning his cock into her throat and paused until she felt the other guy hit her again and force it deeper. To redeem herself to the one in front of her, she allowed herself to be throated from being fucked.
Not wanting to rush the guy on the couch to cum before he was ready, she eventually backed off so he was no longer in her throat and just her mouth, and resumed bringing him along at a slower pace. But, to her surprise, he grabbed her head and brought her back over his cock. She didn't think he was that close, but maybe he was, so she was prepared to be used hard until he shot his load down her throat.
However, instead of face-fucking her hard to finish off, he just smoothly guided her mouth over his cock until it was throat-deep again. She knew was only there to please them, so she let him do what he wanted. It only took another moment for her to find out what he really wanted.
Now that her head was in his hands, she timed moving it until it synced up with his friend who was fucking her. In no time, they were passing her back and forth between their cocks. The guy behind her just kept up his repeated, hard-hitting motion into her pussy. The guy in front alternated how he controlled her in response to being thrust forward from the fucking.
Sometimes, he would pull her towards him, giving her no choice but to take him into her throat. Other times, he would push against her, so the other guy's long cock would sink deeper into her hole. The guy behind her now had his hands on her hips, pushing or pulling her for their pleasure.
As they kept going, they developed not just a steady rhythm, but a sense for what the other would do and wanted. With them manipulating her body, she was shoved how they wanted. Forward to endure a series of cock strikes to the back of her throat or propelled backwards so the long cock could drive deeper and harder into her pussy.
They had literally reduced her to just two fuck holes and were using her like a toy. She just accepted their abuse, feeling their stiff poles constantly going in and out of her holes. Not surprising since she started sucking the one guy first, she could tell he was close. The two of them now worked together to face-fuck her harder and he pushed his hips forward to make her take him.
She wasn't able to see either of them, but could tell they were interacting because the closer he got, the harder he fucked and pushed her forward from behind. In this position with her head raised, her throat was an open target and he took advantage of it and her. After another minute or two of him cramming his cock into her face while the other guy forced her to accept it, his warm buttery load splattered against the back of her throat. Instinctively, she closed her mouth around his shaft as he continued to pump her, to coax out the rest of his load.
Once drained, he removed his cock from her mouth and she happily swallowed the treat he had given her, and licked her lips to get every last drop. He remained directly in front of her, settling on the couch, while the other guy continued using her. Now focused only on him and his cock, she could feel he had gotten faster and harder.
While his size made the use more demanding on her, her pussy was electric from the type fucking she longed for. He continued hammering her at an elevated speed and intensity awhile longer until she saw the one in front of her lean forward to place his hands on her shoulders. He no sooner had ahold of her, when he started pushing her back to meet the thrusts of the other guy.
She gasped as his big cock plunged still deeper. Each time he rammed into her, the other guy forced her to accept it even harder. The back-and-forth escalated the longer it went on, eventually reaching the point of being violent. They worked in tandem to fuck her as hard as they could until he let loose his load. She felt his cock spasm, each time firing jism from the head of his cock.
Now drained, he pulled his fat shaft from her tight hole and, with the other guy no longer grasping her, she was released. She stayed on all fours, but her body clearly slumped from the use and exhaustion. She stayed that way for a bit to catch her breath and clear her head.
Finally composed, she moved to her knees and finally rose to stand before them like she was trained. Her still-labored breathing made her tits rise and fall, her body glistened with sweat beads and her pussy was drenched from the two-ended fucking she just got. As she stayed in position in front of where they sat on the couch waiting for further instructions, she could see the guy she'd sucked was semi-erect.
After being eyed by the two of them, he spoke, "Slut, suck me hard so that I can fuck that wet pussy." As his words trailed off, she saw his eyes drop to stare at her wet hole, causing it to tingle slightly. Without hesitation, she dropped to her knees and took his cock into her mouth.
Slowly, she rode the length of his shaft between her lips and over her tongue. She liked it when guys got hard looking at her and from thinking about using her, but loved feeling them get hard in her mouth, knowing what they would do to her once she had them ready. It didn't take long before she felt him grow harder, but she kept moving up and down at a steady pace.
Soon, he was fully hard, but he let her continue, even using his hands to push her back down each time she rose up. As he'd just experienced, she was a very adept cocksucker and wanted to enjoy it a little more. The slurping sound was interrupted when she heard, "Good job, slut. Now get your ass on the floor and into fucking position!"
In a fluid motion, she separated herself from his cock, spun and lowered herself before him with her legs wide and ass up high. As she waited, she heard him rise and move behind her until she felt the head of his cock, wet with her saliva, press against her slick pussy and then move inside.
He moved slightly to nestle into her hole, leaned forward and glided through her silky juices until he was all the way in. Drawing back until just the head remained buried, he quickly plummeted back in and the fucking began. The cock she'd just primed was now steadily riding her fast and hard enough that she felt used, but could still handle it.
As the minutes passed, he maintained a steady beat that rocked her back and forth each time he bottomed out. She knew he would get harder, but her pussy wanted it, so she would occasionally squeeze his shaft to feel even tighter around him. That not only felt better to her, but just made her crave more.
Whether he felt what she was doing or not, he didn't change what he was doing. He was like clockwork - in and out, in and out. The pattern was predictable and she was soon pushing back to meet him, urging him to be rougher with her. Maybe it was her actions, maybe it was her tight pussy, but soon she got her wish.
Things escalated quickly and his cock now hurtled into her, each time ending with a resounding thud. Even though he was being more aggressive, she continued to lean into each thrust to satisfy her craving to be used like a fucktoy. Literally taking things into his own hands, he grabbed her by the hips and used them to not just pull her back, but push into her harder.
She was getting the fucking she wanted and deserved. He continued to get rougher, showing her who was in control and what she was for. Her body lurched forward from the thrashing her pussy was getting, but he held her tight so she could not escape the brunt force. Before long, his attacks grew even faster and more brutal.
His grunts were met by her groans each time he pistoned into her, the only other sound was the slapping of flesh as they met. He was on the brink of cumming, but was intent of doing as much damage as he could. His grip on her grew painful as he squeezed her hips tighter trying to drive deeper yet.
With a mighty push, he shoved his cock into her as it spurted. She immediately clenched her pussy to milk it as he continued to pump her, still fast and hard. In time, he slowed until he eventually slid out of her, leaving him satisfied and her panting. She wanted a ruthless fucking and that's exactly what she got.
She was tired, but her throbbing pussy still encouraged and drove her. She promptly moved from her place on the floor and back to her feet facing them. Her juices draining down her inner thighs, she saw the other guy was fully erect and ready for another go at her. As he rose from the couch, he patted the front, snapped his fingers and pointed to the floor, saying, "Down here, slut."
She didn't know if he planned to fuck her throat, but obediently dropped to her knees where he had pointed, figuring he would give her further instructions. When he walked behind her, she knew it was not her throat he wanted to fuck and inched forward until her body was pressed against the front of the couch. She spread her legs wide, opening her pussy as she did, then leaned forward and planted her tits firmly atop the seat cushion.
In this position, the couch would hold her in place while letting him put all his weight behind him when he fucked her. Factor in the size of his cock, and she knew she was in for a very rough pounding. Her pussy throbbed from the use it had already gotten and the anticipation of what was to come.
She didn't have long to wait as his hand pressed down on her back for balance while he leaned over and used his other had to guide the tip of his cock against her slippery hole. She automatically raised her hips, granting him easier access and felt her swollen lips being parted. Now in position, he moved his hands to hold her on both sides and quickly filled her with one hard push.
Be it from pain or pleasure, she let out a small groan. Today was his first time meeting her, but he'd already seen just how much of a slut she was and could take. Now, his intentions were to push her and show her what he could do to her with his cock.
He started off at a pace akin to the second hand on a clock. Each time, he would bang into her at the end of each stroke, then draw back and do it all over again. Having already cum twice, he would be able to last longer, no matter how fast or hard he used her. But his thrusts stayed at the same tempo and power for more than 5 minutes. Tick. Tick. Tick.
With her pussy stationary because of the couch, every impact was firm and shook her from within. His speed was just fast enough that she didn't really get any break, as one came right after the other. The repetitiveness of his thick cock surging deep inside was taking its toll as she also felt the aching of being spread and stretched.
He'd been working her for almost 10 minutes, when he unexpectedly switched from the calculated regularity to be more sadistic. He now almost completely withdrew and crashed into her with all his might. Unable to see him, it caught her off guard.
A loud grunt escaped her from the hard impact, followed by a gasp for air. Before she could recover, he hit her again, even harder. Now buried deeper in her pussy, she felt the effects of his cock and strength. While his pace had slowed, it was still a constant onslaught of him battering as hard as he could.
It felt less like a fucking and more like he was just trying to punish --- hurt - her and her tight hole with his long, thick cock. He had settled into this new routine and was relentless in how he attacked her. The pounding she was getting was nothing short of brutal and, being pinned against the couch, she had no choice but to accept it.
Time and time again he plowed into her, always hard and deep, sometimes even harder or deeper. Her petite body and slippery pussy were completely defenseless and she bit her lip for fear of making any more noises that might incite him. Instead, she remained quiet and accepted his painful abuse, knowing it was what she was for and she was pleasing him.
After enduring an endless series of him rocking her that way, she felt him lean in and stay buried for a moment. She fully expected to feel him cum, but, instead, his hands grabbed ahold of her shoulders. He then proceeded to use her just as rough, but was now faster, using his grip on her for leverage and to pull her back over his cock.
Her already-sore pussy was now throbbing even more as he fucked her hard at the quickened pace. She felt him pull on her each time to make her repeatedly take every bit of his length. After several more minutes, he got still faster and rougher with her until he finally released his load. As his cock gushed, he held her firmly in place until he was finished cumming ... and finished with the slut.
Releasing his grasp on her, he pulled back and then out of her pussy. As he stood, he gave her ass a sharp slap and said, "Good girl," before walking away, leaving her limp body strewn over the couch. She just laid there trying to recover and catch her breath, her now-empty hole aching from the use. She soon managed to lift her body up and rested on her knees for a bit.
Finally, she was able to move to her knees and rise. As she did, she felt the soreness in her legs from being spread so wide for so long, and staggered slightly as she moved to once again stand atop her heels. Spinning on a heel, she turned to face them and walked back to her place facing them.
The other guy was seated in a chair where he sat watching her just get fucked. His fully erect cock told her that he intended to use her again, but she waited for her instructions. "The slut looks like she is in heat," he said as his eyes dropped to her soaked pussy and how her clit was fully out of its hood. "Get on all fours like the little bitch you are so I can fuck you."
She felt her pussy twitch slightly from the embarrassment of being so wet and the degradation of being spoken to that way, but dutifully turned and lowered herself to the floor. A moment later, she was in proper fucking position, her hips raised and legs spread to display her juicy, waiting pussy.
He moved behind her and mounted her, pushing his cock straight in with his first movement. She was sore, but loved having her pussy fucked because it just made her hornier, even though she couldn't cum from it. He wasted no time and just started sliding in and out of her. His only interest was fucking her and he was already going fast and hard.
Like a piece of automated machinery, he rode her with a perpetual motion of driving into her, pulling back and doing it again. And he sustained both the rapid rate and force that now had her swaying forward from each inward thrust. She felt his rigid shaft running through her, greased by her flowing juices.
The battering continued, but every so often, he would hit her with extra power just to break the predictability and because he could. When he did, she made no noises, but he knew she felt it because he made sure it was hard enough to get her attention. She just stayed in position and let him use her, now reduced to nothing more than a cock socket.
He shifted until he was on one knee and his other foot was beside her body. She immediately felt a difference as he slipped deeper, but also from his ability to be rougher in this position. While he may have slowed a little, he now banged her harder and at a slightly different angle so his cock raked across the walls of her pussy. It was tougher for her, but the new sensation felt so good to her.
He kept up his pace and new way of using her for minutes on end, until he moved again. This time, he raised up off his knee and pulled his foot back until he was squatting behind her, his feet outside of her outstretched legs. As soon as he settled, he started up again, now in a position where he could not just drive into her, but with a downward angle.
What that meant was that she was getting an even rougher, deeper fucking, and it was obvious he didn't care how hard it was on her. He only cared about what he wanted and another orgasm, which he now felt building.
Soon, his hands were clenching her waist for balance while he just railed on her pussy with long, deep, cruel thrusts. He repeatedly struck her like a hammer would a nail, forcing her tiny body into the floor beneath him. Ultimately, his load coursed through his shaft until it gushed from the head of his cock.
With each eruption, he'd pound her again, coaxing his cock to spurt more until it was finally drained. He stayed on top of her for a moment to catch his breath before lifting and popping out of her very wet and swollen pussy. No longer under his weight and worn out, her body went limp as she fell to the floor on her side.
Her heart racing, breathing labored, pussy pulsing, she just laid there. In time, she mustered the strength to move to her feet in front of where they sat on the couch. Seeing that the other guy was not hard, she assumed they were done with her, but waited quietly. After a bit, they said they were done with the slut for the day, but had a good time using her.
She said she was glad and hoped she pleased them before asking if she could clean and drain them before leaving. They did, so she dropped to her knees to lick and suck their flaccid cocks, savoring the last droplets she was able to get. Her job done, she stood and apologized once again for not being able to be holes for them and their friends, but said she hoped she still could soon.
She requested permission to re-dress and leave if they were done with her, and they said she could. Retrieving her dress from where she'd dropped it on the floor earlier, she pulled it on and began to zip it up before being stopped by her Master. He told her to ask if they would like to decide how much it was (or was not) zipped. They said if they did, it would not be zipped at all, but she said she was not able to walk home that way. However, as long as her tits were not fully exposed, she would walk home with the zipper wherever they put it.
Hands now behind her, eyes diverted, she stood while they toyed with it until they were happy. She could tell it was well below her tits, but did not look down. She just thanked them for presenting her for her walk home and, before leaving, thanked them one last time for using her to let her make it up to them. With that, she exited through the door into the daylight, descended the steps from the porch and made her way to the street.
Only then did she look down to see it was open down to her belly button and her tits spilled out. Her nipples were still concealed, but only because of how tight the dress was. Her Master told her she was not to touch the zipper or the hem of the dress if it rode up on her way home. What was only a 2-minute walk seemed like a 2-mile trek, knowing anyone outside or looking could see her that way.
Once home, she said no one saw her, but disclosed that the boys were outside, but did not see her. When asked what she would have done had they seen her, she said she would have approached them if her Master wanted. Showing no concern, she was told to go back to where they were with the dress still unzipped like it was to see if they were still there and wanted to use her. She responded with a simple, "Yes, Sir."
She made her way back down the street where she saw them and they were still there. As she approached, she saw them looking at her and her dress and how much her body was exposed. Blatantly staring at her tits and how her nipples and pussy clearly showed under the see-through dress, they knew why she was there.
So proceeded to tell them she was just used by 2 guys at their place and, before sending her home, they set the zipper where it was. She continued, telling them when she told her Master, she saw them on their way home, he sent her back to see if they would like to use her more. They quickly said they would and she explained that that her ass was very sore from being used by 5 guys yesterday, but they could use her mouth and pussy as much as they wanted.
Unfazed by the limitation, they said it was fine. She turned and led them back to her place with them trailing behind watching her ass. Home again, she immediately lowered the zipper the last little bit, letting the dress hit the floor. Their view no longer obscured, they could see she was soaked and, after spreading her feet as trained, that her clit was hard and on display.
Their cocks now out and already hard, she was told to bend over the table. Strutting across the room, she bent forward, laid her body on the wooden surface and spread her feet to grant him free access. A moment later, she felt a fresh cock glide through her juices and push inside her pussy. Without delay, she was being fucked yet again.
While the boys weren't as rough as others, they usually fucked her fast and this time was no exception. He'd no sooner plunge into her and he was driving into her again. The pace was almost frantic and her hole offered no resistance, just an opening to please his cock. Once more, she clenched to wrap around his cock, which he seemed to like.
In addition to his speed, he began pushing his hips forward to jab into her. The added blow made her want more and he continued banging her. She tightened her grasp around him so she could feel it more and he responded by getting rougher. He shoved her against the table's edge each time he plunged into her. It was now a steady hard fucking.
He thumped her again and again until she felt him suddenly grab her and ram against her with a very powerful jolt. His cock immediately spewed a load of cum and then he kept going as it spasmed more. Soon, he slowed and released his grasp on her until finally coming to a stop, sliding his shaft out of her.
As he moved away, she rose and walked to where the other one sat on the couch. She didn't even have time to stand before him when he told her to get on the floor. Without a hesitation, she turned, lowered herself onto her hands and knees and moved into position with her tits on the floor, legs spread and ass up high, presenting her glistening pussy to him.
Like the other, he quickly sank into her as he mounted her from behind. Before she could even adjust to being filled again, he was pumping her. While he, too, went fast, he made it a point to roughly slam into her at the end of each stroke. She liked having her pussy used hard and he was doing just that.
Over and over, his cock pierced her hole and finished with a resounding blow. Her body swayed each time he pushed her forward, her tits rolling over the floor from the momentum. Between the pace and power of how he was using her, her hole grew wetter and more aroused.
She once again pushed back to meet him as he hit into her. She'd been repeatedly fucked all weekend, but still craved it and wanted him to get rougher. He quickly picked up on what she was doing and now timed his attacks to match her movements. While his tempo remained brisk, he'd noticeably upped the intensity.
The power behind his thrusts overpowered her when their bodies crashed together and sent her recoiling. Even so, she returned to meet him again, desperate for more of the same. The impact of the collisions had grown even more violent - him wanting to fuck her as hard as he could and her wanting fucked as hard as possible.
After several more minutes of battle, he could last no longer. He shot a heavy, thick stream that caused him to moan with relief. Her pussy now clenching his shaft, he pumped cum out until it was depleted. His breathing as heavy as hers, he slid his cock out of her, leaving her crouched on the floor.
She scooped herself off the floor and on her feet in front of them. Eyes down, she saw the other was hard and then heard him tell her to bend over the arm of the couch. A few steps later, she was there and leaned forward and spread her feet. Undetected, she shifted forward more than usual, raising her pussy up higher until was almost on top of the arm. That slight adjustment meant he would not only have better access to her hole, but be able to drive down into it from above.
Now behind her with cock in hand, he settled between her legs and fed himself into her until he was half-buried. Placing his hands atop the arm on both sides of her body, he leaned in and pushed the rest of his stiff rod into her. As soon as he was in, he pulled back and propelled into her again. And again. And again.
He wasn't going as fast, though still about every second, but he was more emphatic with how he fucked her. Each inward movement was very powerful and pressed her into the padded arm, but no further. He used long fluid strokes that naturally struck deep inside her before winding up and doing it again. She felt how the different angle rubbed against her in different ways and places.
Her head now rested on the seat cushion while he continued battering her from behind. He had not slowed or eased up on her, it was still a steady diet of his dick surging through her pussy. As sore as her ass was, her pussy was now very sore, too, and they weren't done with her yet. In fact, he seemed to have more in mind for her, as she felt him shifting his body slightly.
It wasn't much, but he'd moved closer to the end of the couch, putting him in a position where he was more over her than behind her. She quickly found out why when she felt him slam into her pussy like a piledriver. He'd discovered that she placed her pussy higher so it could be used rougher.
She immediately gasped from the surprise, as well as pain from the sudden attack. Before she could catch her breath, he was already pounding her with renewed vigor. Each time he rammed into her, his body pressed down on her with all his weight and force to the point she bounced off the arm.
She was, as her tattoo advertised, just a fucktoy to him. And his fevered pitch grew in intensity the longer he kept at it. Eventually, his efforts and her tight pussy brought him to the edge. Grabbing ahold of the couch arm, he shoved his cock into her as hard as he could, deep as he could just as it spurted. Using her pussy, he milked his cock until his balls were empty.
Lifting up, he released her, leaving her draped over the arm of the couch. She gathered the strength to right herself and make her way back to her position facing them. Her body fatigued, pussy throbbing and legs weary, she wobbled a little on top of her heels and waited for her new instructions.
The other guy slowly stroked his cock while sitting on the couch eyeing her. He was already rock hard, but his hand slowly moved up and down his shaft while deciding what he wanted of the slut. Even with her eyes down, she could clearly see his hand moving and that he was staring at her naked body.
After what felt much longer than it actually was, he broke the silence and told her to get on her knees. As she obeyed, he rose and stepped directly in front of her. She didn't need to be told what to do next and automatically straightened her back and pulled her shoulders back to proudly display her lips and put her face-to-face with his cock.
She knew better than to assume and just start sucking a cock or even open her mouth without first being told, so she patiently waited. It was only a moment before he spoke, "Show me how a good slut sucks cock." That was all she needed to hear and her mouth opened wide and moved closer. She licked her lips to wet them, already imagining the treat she would get, and began to slowly glide her tongue up the underside of his shaft.
Soon, she had coated him with her saliva and moved up to circle the head with her tongue until it glistened. Finally, she slid down over his cock, letting it part her lips and vanish into her hole until her face met his crotch. After a second, she tightened her hold and unhurriedly rose up until only the tip remained in her puckered lips. She paused just a second, then took all of him into her mouth once again.
She quickly settled into a methodical, fluid motion where she rode up and down his shaft. She made sure it glided over the wet insides of her mouth and across her tongue, giving him a variety of sensations. She was being very deliberate to make sure she showed him how a good slut sucks cock.
When she added her hands around his shaft to hold it steady for her mouth, she noticed he tensed slightly, but not near enough to signal an orgasm. So, she just kept doing her job, sometimes letting it escape her mouth so she could run both hands up and down the slick skin, before devouring him again.
She was careful not to go too fast or hard so he would last, but she was also doing her very best to unmercifully tease him every way she could. She obviously wanted to please him, just as she does every guy, but she was so horny and slutty now that she couldn't wait until his cum filled her mouth.
The more she worked his cock with her mouth and hands, the more he moved in front of her. Sometimes he wavered like his legs were getting weak and other times he pressed into her mouth, wanting her to take more, do more. But he continued to let her do all the work, so she kept doing what she wanted and how she wanted.
Sucking how she was and for as long as she was had not only soaked her pussy again, but also made a mess of her, as slobber dribbled down her face and dripped onto her tits. She didn't care about it, how she looked or the noises she was making. The only thing she cared about was pleasing his cock.
By now, she was going faster, sucking harder to make things even better for him. She was to the point where she alternated between sucking him and stroking him, causing him to jerk in response. Without notice, he suddenly took his head in his hands and just shoved her over his cock faster, harder. At the same time, he now thrust his hips forward, which forced him into her throat.
She was caught off guard and gagged a bit, but instantly adjusted to him taking control and fucking her harshly. He had let her service his cock, but now needed to cum and wanted to use her like he would a Fleshlight. As he hurtled her face over his cock and it crashed into her hard and deep, she swayed on her knees, but his grip kept her upright and in place.
The way he thrashed her head over his shaft, he was more making her fuck his cock than he was fucking her mouth. Every impact was jarring, but she managed to keep her mouth tight around him as he rapidly and repeatedly went in and out. She knew he was close and wanted him to cum hard in her mouth.
He yanked her forward and tightly held her there and she felt his hot load hit the back of her throat. As it trickled down, she was barely able to swallow when he pumped her a few more times and released more blasts. Finally, he released his grip on her head and pulled his satisfied cock out of her mouth. As soon as he did, she gasped for air.
Now free, she slumped down from her upright position to rest on her legs. Her tits rose and fell under her heavy breathing, her eyes glazed, distant. She was recovering in her own head and barely noticed them sitting in front of her. Eventually, she shifted her position to sit on her ass with legs in front of her, wide apart.
When asked by her Master how she was, she replied "tired, sore." When asked how her pussy and clit looked, she said "pink and wet", adding that her clit was fully out of its hood. When asked if she wanted to show them what an obedient slut she was, she quickly and blindly said she did.
She was instructed to tell them her Master wanted her to show them what a good and needy slut she was by making her cum for them. And that when she was allowed to cum, she wanted them to cum on her. Not surprisingly, they liked the idea and were immediately onboard. She advised that just telling them made their cocks start to harden again.
She went on to tell them that her Master wanted her to suck and stroke them while rubbing her pussy and clit so they would be ready when she was. Lastly, she let them know it was a rule that she had to ask her Master for permission to cum. But, once allowed, she would let them know so they could cum at the same time.
With that, she followed her Master's directions and showed them how sopping wet she now was. She then spread her pussy so they could see her clit was all the way out of its hood and rock hard. She immediately obeyed when told to finger her pussy, but avoid touching her clit. What they didn't know was that she could only cum by rubbing her clit.
While they looked on, she shamelessly slid her finger over her pussy and through her juices. She would glide low to her fuckhole and press the fingertip inside to fuck it before sliding back up, always stopping just short of her clit. She knew her Master controlled her and her body, so she never dared touch her clit without permission, even though it was now pulsing like mad.
After several minutes of using her pussy for their entertainment, she told her Master they were watching intently while stroking their now rigid cocks. Reminded that her job was to please their cocks, she leaned forward to take one in her mouth and the other in her hand. While she sucked one and stroked the other, her hand found its way back between her legs where it rubbed feverishly.
While masturbating for their eyes, she alternated them between her mouth and hand, not caring what they saw or what they thought. She was at the point she would do anything if it meant she would be allowed to cum. And her Master knew that and she knew it, too.
Her attention to their cocks and her show brought them closer to needing to cum, her Master made her torment her pussy still more, but forbid her from touching her clit. Instead, her rubbing got faster, harder, her fingers driving deeper inside her pussy to fuck it. All it did was make her needier because none of that would make her cum.
Even though they were hard and stroking their own cocks, she continued to suck and stroke them, too. Her Master finally allowed her to touch her clit, but only to rub it very lightly and barely scrape a fingernail across it. Touching it felt so good, but the softness just made things worse for her. Her clit, pussy and thighs were drenched with her juices, the slapping sound from her finger-fucking filling the room.
Knowing how desperate she was, her Master chose to use and degrade her, before rewarding her. "Does the slut need to cum?", he asked, to which she meekly replied "Yes, Sir."
"Does the slut want to cum for them?" Again, "Yes, Sir."
"Does the slut want to wear their cum on her body?" This time, "Yes, please."
To her relief, she was then told to rub her clit like she wanted. To show them what the slut will do and how she will humiliate herself to cum. She furiously groped at her clit while the boys watched, cocks in hand. As close as she already was, it always still takes several more minutes before she can coax an orgasm to the very edge and is ready to cum.
She is trained that when she is allowed to cum, to let her Master know when she can last no longer and ask his permission. Once she was at the point, she desperately pled, "May I please cum for you Master?" Asked if the boys were ready and she wanted them to cum on her, she uttered, "Yes, Master. I want their cum."
She was then told to cum like the good slut she is, but to tell them when she did so they could, too. Moments later, her fingers franticly kneading her clit, she shouted "Now!" and 3 days of use erupted from her pussy, causing her body to shudder. As her orgasm overwhelmed her, the boys jerked their cocks, spewing their creamy loads. Eyes closed, consumed by the huge wave radiating from her pussy, she felt the warm splatters land on her stomach, tits and face.
While their cocks were drained, she continued groping at her clit, oblivious they were still watching. In a couple minutes, she was on edge again and asked her Master, "May I please cum again, Sir?" He promptly gave her permission and she arched her back as her pussy flooded once more when the climax hit her. Still on the floor and on display for the boys, her body convulsed while two fingers buried in her pussy fucked it and her thumb kept working over her clit.
After a couple minutes, the lust that had built up inside her for days finally subsided and she opened her eyes. Blinking to regain focus, she saw they were now sitting on the couch, but mesmerized by the performance she had just put on. She realized her hand was still on her crotch, fingers as wet as her pussy, but she didn't care. She felt relieved, felt good and they already fucked her whenever her Master said, so what just happened only proved what a slut she truly was.
Physically and emotionally drained, she lay strewn on the floor recovering and catching her breath. In time, she took a deep breath, rose to a sitting position and then her hands and knees, and crawled to where they sat. Their cocks, now soft, remained out, but she still did her job to clean them with her mouth and drink the last of their cum.
She thanked them for using her and -- while rubbing their jism over her body like lotion -- their cum, adding that she hoped the slut pleased them. They said she did and looked forward to the next time. After showing them out, she collapsed on the couch that was used for fucking her, still short of breath.
Lastly, she thanked her Master for having her used so many times by so many guys. Admitting she was a slut and fucktoy, she said she was lucky and glad to have a Master who used her as nothing more than a body, holes and slave, and hoped he was pleased and proud of her. He said he was, even though it clearly went without saying.
The Day's Totals
Guys: 4
Fucked: 10
Ass: 0
Pussy: 7
Mouth: 3
Time Used: 2 hours 8 minutes
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
3-Day Totals
Guys: 12
Fucked: 28
Ass: 8
Pussy: 16
Mouth: 4
Time Used: 4 hours 49 minutes

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: More tales of the Fucktoy being used.