**Note: This is part 3 of a multi-part story. I'd recommend reading parts 1 and 2 first. Enjoy!**
The next day, Jenny was having a hard time focusing at work. Every time she would look at her computer screen, her thoughts would flash to the previous night, and then her stomach would get tied in knots. Guilt washed over her. How could she have done what she had done? But then thoughts of what she'd actually done brought butterflies and arousal. That led to shame for being aroused. And finally, all of this bundled into a ball of conflict that sat in her brain taking up so much space she could not focus on anything else.
Luckily, her job wasn't very demanding, and focus wasn't essential to accomplishing most tasks. Jenny worked in the offices of a mid-sized construction company. Officially, she was the payroll manager. She made sure that all the employees got paid. Given that almost everyone was hourly, and no one worked normal hours, the job took more time than one would think. Still, she could mostly do that part of her job on autopilot.
However, as with most competent people, Jenny's tasks often grew to include other things that weren't strictly speaking in her job description. Her company was comprised of about 100 employees. The vast majority of which were workers, supervisors and foremen. There were maybe a dozen office employees, including herself.
It was a family owned business. Mr. MacGarry had taken it over from his father 25 years earlier and grown the business from a small business into a pillar of Greenville's community.
Mrs. MacGarry was the de facto "office manager" for MacGarry Construction, but she was often distracted by other pressing matters, such as making sure that the gardener had properly tended to her flower beds at home. Jenny usually picked up the slack.
Normally, she didn't mind. It gave her something better to do, and she didn't resent the woman. If she were in her late 50's and had Mrs. MacGarry's money, she probably wouldn't even show up to work.
Today, though, she was finding it hard to concentrate on her normal tasks, let alone handling the things she would normally handle for Mrs. MacGarry.
She was staring at her computer monitor, not registering what was on it when a knock on her door pulled her out of her reverie.
"Hey, Jenny. How's it going?" a man asked, not noticing the little start she gave when she heard his knock.
"Oh. Hi, Matt. Good. How are you?"
"Good, good. Listen, have you seen Mrs. MacGarry around this morning?"
"She left about an hour ago to run some errands. Not sure when she'll be back. I can give her a message if you'd like."
Matt looked uncomfortable for a moment, as he shifted his weight onto a different foot. Matt was one of Mr. MacGarry's supervisors. He was the youngest supervisor in the company, which was a testament to his temperament. He was a quiet, level-headed, dependable type of guy. In all the years Jenny had been doing the payroll at the company, she couldn't remember once having to pay out a sick day to Matt. But, prior to his promotions, she did remember paying out considerable overtime, as he routinely covered for colleagues.
In addition to being a nice guy, Matt wasn't bad to look at. He had the build of a young construction worker. That's to say, a man in his late twenties who went to the gym regularly and took care of his body. At first, Jenny had thought that construction must keep the guys in shape, but then she noticed a trend. All the young guys had Matt's build. But all the older guys looked like they had stopped trying at some point. While you could still tell these guys worked hard for a living, they didn't have the physiques to prove it. Or maybe they did, but they were just hidden under beer bellies and love handles.
"Actually, you know what, I think I'll just come back and try again later," Matt said.
"You sure? I don't mind. Maybe I can help you with whatever you need. I fill in for Mrs. MacGarry all the time, anyway," Jenny said, trying to be helpful, and hoping that maybe helping someone would focus her mind a little.
Matt bit his lower lip, and Jenny could almost see the hamster wheel turning in his head.
"Well, it's kind of a personal matter."
The MacGarrys helping employees out in their personal lives was not unheard of. She'd often advanced employees a few paychecks at her bosses' request when the employee was in a tight spot. She had even heard that occasionally, some of the guys would stay in the MacGarry's guest house.
"Since when has that ever stopped anyone around here? Why don't you come in and pull up a chair. You're making me nervous standing in my doorway like that."
Matt took two slow steps into Jenny's small office and pulled out one of the two chairs in front of her desk and sat down.
"So, what's up?" Jenny asked.
He looked no more comfortable even in his seated position. He was shifting as if he were trying to find a comfortable spot on a rock.
"Ummm... so, I need to take some time off," Matt said.
Jenny laughed.
"Matt, you may not know this, because I don't think you've ever taken any, but you're entitled to two weeks paid vacation per year in addition to the holidays."
Matt wrung his hands.
"I might need a bit more than that."
"Okay. How much more?"
"I don't know."
"Ball park? Are we talking three weeks or three months?"
"Probably closer to the months," Matt said, without needing to think about it.
"I see. Is everything okay?"
"Oh. Yeah. I just need to get to the west coast for a little while."
Jenny tried to think back to what she knew about Matt, but couldn't recall anything about him being from out west.
"Okay. Well, um, I guess I can give the message to Mrs. MacGarry, but between you and me, she's going to want to know more about why you need more time off. In fact, if it's personal and you don't want anyone prying, you might want to talk to Mr. MacGarry about this. You know how Mrs. MacGarry can get a little on the... uhh... inquisitive side."
Matt shook his head.
"No, it's fine. I'll just come back later and talk to Mrs. MacGarry myself. Sorry to bother you," he said, standing and pushing his chair back.
Jenny stood as well and leaned over her desk to place a hand on Matt's arm to restrain him. She wasn't sure why she did it. It had been a reflex.
"Matt, wait. If something's wrong, you can talk to me about it. You know that, right?"
Matt looked unsure for a moment, but eventually sank back down into his chair.
Jenny caught herself regretting that she had to break contact with his strong arm, and immediately chastised herself. She really needed to get her mind out of the gutter. What was coming over her?
"Okay. Well. No harm in telling you, I guess. Might be good to get a woman's opinion. Remember how I went to California last Christmas?"
"Sorry. No. Not really," Jenny said, genuinely sad that she was already starting off saying no to him. The company closed down for the two weeks around Christmas and New Year, since no construction projects were moving forward during the holidays. During that time, most of the older guys spent time with their families, and the younger guys usually used it as a kind of adult spring break. They would take off for a week to go somewhere fun.
"Well, I did. A bunch of the guys convinced me that I should get out of Greenville and have some fun. They were headed to San Diego and LA for a week, and they thought I should go. So, I did."
"Sounds like fun," Jenny said just to contribute something to the conversation.
"Yeah. I guess. It was a bunch of guys drinking and partying. I don't think you would have enjoyed yourself very much. Anyway, while I was there, I met a girl."
"Oh. That's sweet, Matt," Jenny said, thinking she understood where this was going.
"Uh. Well, not really. There wasn't much sweet about our meeting."
"Sorry, not following." Apparently, she didn't understand.
Color rose in Matt's cheeks.
"Oh," Jenny said. "Never mind. Forget I said anything. I do understand."
She expected Matt to continue his story, but now he was just looking down at his feet. It was a strange sight to see such a strong specimen of a man look so shy and frightened. It made Jenny want to wrap him in a big hug and then... she chased away the thoughts that came at the end of that sentence.
"Matt," Jenny said to get his attention back. He raised his head and looked her in the eyes. "It's okay. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Consenting adults have one night stands all the time. Heck, I think I saw one last night. But something must have happened for you to bring this up now. What? 8 months later?"
As the last sentence left her lips, realization crashed over Jenny and she felt like an idiot for saying it out loud.
"You saw a one night stand last night?" Matt said, apparently having caught on to a different part of her spiel.
She wasn't sure if she was relieved that her last words hadn't spooked him, or if she was mortified that she had let slip that tidbit about the one night stand.
"I meant that I saw someone get picked up and I thought it looked like it was going to end up in a one night stand," she said in an attempt to cover.
Matt nodded slowly.
"So, yeah. You're right. It was one night. And I thought that was it. It turns out that couldn't have been further from the truth. I mean, I just feel so stupid. I'm not that guy. I've never been that guy. I've never had a one night stand before. But all the guys were ragging on me, and they were all picking up girls, and I don't know... I guess I just caved to a weird sort of peer pressure. And alcohol. It was so fucking stupid."
"Matt, like I said, there's nothing stupid about it. It happens all the time. You shouldn't beat yourself up about it."
"Yeah, well, maybe other people can get away with it, but the one time I have a one night stand, I somehow manage to get the girl pregnant."
"When did you find out?" Jenny asked.
"She only told me about a week ago. She tracked me down through her friend, who knew one of the other guys, who gave her my contact info. I don't think he knows why she was trying to get in touch with me. And I'd prefer to keep it that way. You know how news spreads around here."
Jenny allowed herself a small laugh. One would think that at a construction company where more than three quarters of the employees were men, there wouldn't be any gossip, but Jenny had found out some time ago, that men were just as bad as women. Then again, the biggest culprit in the company was a woman.
"You know, if you go to Mrs. MacGarry with this... uhh... how do I put this. Well, I don't think it's going to be a secret very long."
Matt sank further into his chair.
"I know. But I don't know what else to do. I figured she would be more understanding. I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, one minute, I'm having drinks at a bar on the beach, and then the next thing you know, I'm back at my hotel with this girl I've never met before, doing things I've never dreamed of before, and then 8 months later, ta-da, I'm going to be a Dad."
Jenny flushed a little at the mention of doing things that he'd never dreamed of, but she tried to regain her composure.
"So, I know this might be an insensitive question, Matt, but, are you sure it's yours?"
Matt cocked his head to the side before answering, considering the question. Jenny wondered if the question had even crossed his mind until just now.
"Umm... well, I guess I don't know for sure. I mean, I thought I used protection, but shit, it was eight months ago, and I was pretty drunk. Maybe I forgot."
"I guess she didn't tell you whether or not she was on the pill?" Jenny asked.
"Well, when we met at the bar, we were just talking about the weather, where we were from, that kind of thing. She told me she was a grad student at one of the colleges down there. She looked like a surfer chick, not a grad student. And I don't know, even if I hadn't been drinking, I guess I still would have thought she was hot."
Jenny hadn't expected this level of detail, but he obviously needed to talk, so she figured the best thing to do was not to say anything and just listen.
"After a while, I guess we were flirting pretty hard, and some of the guys were hitting on her friends. She said something like, 'I hope she's not the only one who gets to have some fun tonight,' and I just went for it. I kissed her right there at the bar. We must have spent like fifteen minutes making out at the bar. That's really not like me, believe me. I've never done anything like that. I usually think it's gross when people do that in public. I'm usually the guy who yells get a room.
"Well, I guess that's what we ended up doing, because after being all over each other, one of us suggested, I don't even remember who, that we go back to my room at the hotel. So, we walked back, and by the time the door clicked shut behind me, the little clothes she was wearing were already off. I mean, it's the beach, right. She had a bikini, shorts and flip flops on.
"After that, everything was just a blur. I don't even know how many times we did it, but the sun was coming up when we finally fell asleep. Like I said, I thought I used protection, but over the course of that many hours, who knows, maybe I just wasn't careful enough, or maybe it was just faulty. That happens, right?"
Jenny had to swallow before answering. She felt hot, and she hoped she didn't look too flushed, but Matt's story, as light on details as it was, had turned her on. She felt that tingling feeling between her legs. She resisted the urge to fan herself. What was happening to her?
"Uhh... yeah... it can happen. Sure... but, what I meant Matt is that even if that did happen, for all you know she could have been with other guys around the same time. I mean, you didn't really know this girl, right? I don't want to throw stones or anything, but in a situation like this, I just think you should be careful."
"You're right. But I don't think she would do that. She seemed like a nice girl. Well... not in the bedroom, but... I mean... sorry... I shouldn't have said that. Shit. Sorry, Jenny. Sometimes when you spend all day working around guys you forget how to talk in front of a lady."
Jenny wanted to tell him that what she actually wanted was more details, not less. That she wanted to hear every moment of the torrid encounter. She wanted to be able to get comfortable and cool down by removing some of her clothing. She wanted to touch herself while he told her about his steamy night.
Instead she said, "Don't worry about it. You get used to it when you work here. Anyway, when Mrs. MacGarry gets back after lunch, I'll talk to her. I'll see what I can do without giving too much away. No promises, but I'll see what I can do."
Matt's face lit up. He had a nice smile. It was the first she had seen of it since he walked in.
"Thanks, Jenny. You have no idea how much this means to me. I could kiss you right now... umm... sorry. That was probably inappropriate."
Jenny tried to laugh lightheartedly, but she wasn't sure the noise that came out was a laugh. Or anything for that matter. Her pussy was on fire, and her brain was melting.
"Don't worry about it. Now, get out of here, you have a shift to supervise."
"Right. Thanks again!" Matt said, and bounced out of the chair and out the door.
Jenny grabbed the phone and dialled a number. After a few rings, she heard, "Hello?" from the other end.
"Hey, Sis. Want to grab lunch? I need to get out of this office."
#
Jenny and her sister, Lisa, met up at a little sandwich shop that was about halfway between where they both worked.
Lisa had originally suggested meeting at Joe's restaurant for lunch, not just because she wanted to support her brother in law, but also, because Joe's restaurant really was one of the best in town. Even if not too many people knew it yet.
As an excuse, Jenny had said she was in the mood for something simpler, and so they went to the sandwich shop. In truth, Jenny just didn't want Joe around while she talked to her sister about what she had on her mind.
"So, what's bothering you, Sis?" Lisa asked.
Jenny sighed. It was no use trying to pretend otherwise with her sister.
Lisa was barely a year younger than Jenny. More than sisters, they were best friends. Despite their close age, and how close they were, no one ever mistook the two for twins. Sisters occasionally, but never twins. Lisa's hair was on the lighter side, bordering on dirty blonde, and she was smaller than Jenny by several inches.
"I saw something last night that I can't get out of my head," Jenny said.
"You mean like a scary movie?" Lisa asked.
Jenny had to laugh.
"No. Not a scary movie at all."
"So, what? I'm not going to sit here and guess for the next thirty minutes."
"Okay. Well, here goes..." Jenny proceeded to tell Lisa about her neighbour, and how she had accidentally spied on her having sex with a man. She stopped short of telling Lisa about what she was doing while she was watching them.
"Ohmigod," Lisa said. "Did you call the police?"
Jenny was taken by surprise. "The police? Why would I call the police?"
"Isn't that indecent exposure or something? That's not right. What if children had been able to see."
"Still, the police?"
"Well, what if they do it again?"
Jenny held herself back from saying that she hoped that they did, instead she said, "I don't know, but I'm not going to call the cops on them. I'm sure they didn't realize that they were giving the whole building a free show."
"Well, if they don't realize it, someone has to let them know."
"You mean, like, knock on their door and say, 'Hey, I'm your neighbour that you've never met, but I saw you fucking last night. You might want to close your blinds.'"
Lisa blushed and looked around to see if anyone had overheard Jenny's statement.
"Jenny. We're in a public place. You can't talk like that! And no, I'm not saying to say THAT, but you have to say something."
Jenny shook her head. Her little sister had been something of a wild child in her teens. She had given their parents a hard time, experimenting with parties and boys, and who knew what else. But, somewhere around halfway through college something had changed with Lisa and she got serious. Very serious. Now, Jenny's younger sister was among the most conservative people she knew. She wasn't surprised by this reaction. Still Lisa was her best friend. She didn't know who else to talk to about this.
"I can't do that, Lis. I wouldn't know what to say, and I think I would die of embarrassment before I could say anything anyway."
"Well, you have to do something. It's obviously bothering you. You're still thinking about it the next day."
"Well, it's not bothering me exactly."
Lisa looked at her sister as if she had grown a second head.
"If it's not bothering you why did you want to have lunch to talk about it?"
"Well, I mean, it's been on my mind, but I didn't say it was bothering me."
Lisa's eyes went wide.
"Jenny! Are you telling me that you got turned on by watching them? That's terrible."
Jenny dropped her eyes, but didn't respond immediately.
Lisa took the opportunity to continue.
"Oh my god, that's exactly what you were thinking wasn't it? You're still thinking about your neighbours doing it, even though you've been at work all morning!"
It was Jenny's turn to look around the little restaurant.
"Could you please keep your voice down! It's not that I've been thinking about my neighbours specifically. It's just that I've had a hard time concentrating. I'm getting distracted by the smallest things. Like this morning, a guy at work came into my office to tell me about this one night stand he had, and it screwed up my brain."
"Why is a guy at work telling you about his one night stands? How do you think Joe would feel about that?"
"No. It's not like that. He needed some advice. The girl got pregnant."
"That's why you don't have one night stands."
"You're right, Lis, that's exactly what I should have said to him. It would have been really helpful for the poor guy."
"Poor guy? What about the poor girl who's knocked up?"
"She was just as much a part of the decision to do it as he was!" Jenny said, and then realized that this conversation had taken a turn. She caught herself getting angry.
"Anyway, that's not the point," Jenny continued, trying to come back to the problem at hand. "I didn't want to have lunch to talk about the morality of one night stands. I just needed someone to talk to."
Lisa's facial expression went from annoyed to concerned.
"Is everything okay with you and Joe? Your marriage is okay, isn't it?"
"What? Yes. Of course. It's been a little tough finding time together since he opened the restaurant, but we're okay. It's not like we're fighting or anything. It's just that we don't have much time together these days."
Lisa opened her mouth to say something a few times, and then closed it again. It was as if the next sentence to come out of her mouth was going to be particularly difficult for her, and so she needed to warm up to get it out.
Finally, she said, "And are things okay in the bedroom?"
Jenny caught herself before smiling. It wasn't a laughing matter, but seeing her sister struggle to get the words out WAS amusing. Sometimes, it was easy to forget that next to her sister, Jenny was a wild child.
"When we actually get to spend time in the bedroom, things are good. We just haven't had many opportunities."
Lisa shrugged. "So you're not a sexual deviant who gets off watching your neighbours get freaky."
"Uhh... what?"
"You're just horny because you haven't had sex in a while," Lisa shrugged again.
"Well, thank you for that insight Dr. Ruth."
"Listen, you want professional advice, pay a professional. I'm just your sister and a woman, and that's my less-than-expert opinion."
"Okay, so what do I do?"
"About what?"
"About not being able to concentrate."
"Seriously, Jenny?"
"Yes, seriously. I've gotten next to nothing done at work all morning."
"Do you know how long some women go without having sex? Hell, do you know how long I've gone? Do what everyone else does, buy a fucking dildo." Lisa looked around the restaurant again and blushed. "Sorry, that was a little much."
Jenny shook her head. "No, you're right. I'm getting all nuts about this. It makes no sense. I just need to get a grip on myself. I'll think about baseball or something."
"Baseball?"
"Yeah. Joe told me that a lot of guys think about baseball when they're trying to get sex off their minds."
"Why baseball?"
"I don't know, that's just what Joe told me."
"And since when do men try to stop thinking about sex?"
"You know."
"I know what?"
"During."
"They try to stop thinking about sex during sex? That makes no sense. Why would they do that?"
Jenny just gave her sister a look, and tried to use that telepathic bond that sisters seemed to share to avoid having to spell it out to her. After a few seconds of bemusement, understanding dawned on Lisa's face.
"Oh. I see. Baseball? Really? Huh. Who would have thought. So, yeah, think baseball, I guess."
"What do you do?"
"What do you mean?"
"When you want to stop thinking about it?"
"Who says I ever think about it so much that I need to stop?"
"Seriously?"
"Yeah. I'm not a pervert like my sister."
"Nice. Real nice, Lis."
"I'm just here to tell it like it is."
"So, when was the last time?"
"The last time for what?"
"That you had sex."
"Jenny! I'm not telling you that."
"Why not. You just told me it's been a while. Why can't you be more specific."
"Because..."
"Because what? I'm your sister. If you can't tell me, who can you tell?"
"I don't know. I just don't usually talk about these things."
"Maybe you should. It feels good to get things off your chest," Jenny said. And she meant it. She really did feel better since talking to her sister about the events of the last twenty four hours.
"I don't know. It wasn't that long ago, I guess. Maybe a couple of months."
"A couple of months? What happened to that guy I thought you were seeing? The lawyer?"
"He was a banker, not a lawyer, and we only went out a few times. It didn't really go anywhere."
"How many times is a few times?"
"I don't know. Five or six?"
"Poor guy."
"Why's he a poor guy?"
"He went out on six dates and got no action."
"Oh shut up. Why do I even talk to you."
Jenny laughed. She was starting to feel like herself again.
#
That night, when Jenny got home, she laid down her purse and changed out of her work clothes and into her more comfortable house clothes. Joe was only about halfway through his double shift, so it would be another night alone. At least the rest of her day at the office had been slightly more productive. She'd even managed to talk to Mrs. MacGarry and get her to agree to give Matt an indefinite leave of absence without having to go into too many details as to why.
The good news on the home front was that she didn't have to cook. Joe had left a plate in the fridge for her with instructions on how to reheat it in the oven. There were advantages to being married to a chef.
Just as she was preparing to enjoy another delicious meal alone, the phone rang.
"Hello."
"Hey babe. How's it going?"
"Good good. I was just about to sit down to a delicious meal that my husband prepared for me. It's not as good as sharing a meal with him, but at least it gives me something to remember him by."
"Ouch. You wound me. As I recall, there was plenty to remember from last night."
Jenny panicked for a moment, before she realized that Joe was referring to the sex they had, and not to her spying, which he couldn't possibly have known about.
"Very funny. How come you're calling? Shouldn't the dinner rush be starting right about now?"
Jenny thought she heard a sigh on the other end of the line.
"Well, if you can call it a rush. We have a few tables, but nothing crazy. Then again, maybe it's not bad for a Wednesday. I just wanted to call you while I had a few minutes and hear your voice. I keep thinking about last night."
"Me too," Jenny said, not quite lying, but maybe misleading Joe a little bit as to which part of last night she couldn't stop thinking about. As she spoke, she began pacing around her living room. Eventually, she came around to the window side of the room and froze in her tracks.
"Babe, I know I haven't been around much lately, but I swear, once things start to run smoothly around here, and I feel more comfortable being away, and letting the guys run things, we'll have more time to spend together," Joe said.
"I know, Joe. I understand. You do what you need to," Jenny said, distracted by what she was seeing.
The blonde and her guest were back. They appeared to have just gotten home, because they were still fully dressed. Although, it looked like they were eager to remedy that situation. Locked in each other's arms in a passionate kiss, their hands were desperately tearing at each other's clothes.
"Thank you for being so understanding, babe. You really are at the best."
"Uh huh," Jenny said, as she watched the sandy haired man's shirt come off to expose his sculpted physique.
"Okay, well, I should get back. I just wanted to hear your voice. I love you. See you tonight if you're awake when I get home."
"Uh huh. Love you, too," Jenny said, and hung up the phone.
The woman was now topless as well, and her perfect breasts were now mashed up against the man's chest. She was reaching down for the buckle of his jeans.
That's when Jenny shook her head. She dropped the phone onto the nearby recliner and reached for her blinds, closing them quickly.
She took a look at her dinner waiting for her on the kitchen island, and made a quick decision. She grabbed the plate and tossed it into the fridge. Then, grabbing her purse, she headed back downstairs to her car. She might need a workout tonight.
#
It was once again just a little bit before lunch when Jenny was sitting at her desk, absently staring into space. Last night, by the time she'd gotten back from the gym, the couple next door seemed to have retired for the night. Unfortunately, the dinner Joe had prepared for her was not as good once it had been heated up for the second time, and so she had abandoned it halfway through, which earned her a hurt expression from her husband this morning before she left for work.
This morning at work was an exercise in frustration. Her mind was more frazzled than it had been the day before, and try as she might, thinking of baseball was not helping. She kept picturing people in the stands beginning to make out and start undressing themselves from across the field.
For the second day in a row, a knock at her door startled her, and for the second day in a row, it was Matt that was standing there.
"Hey, Jenny," he said. Once again oblivious to the fact that he'd just startled her.
"Hi, Matt. How are you?"
"Good good. Uh... About what we talked about yesterday, did you... uh... get a chance to talk to Mrs. MacGarry?"
Jenny smiled broadly, happy to have an excuse to think of something other than her neighbours.
"As a matter of fact, I did, and it took some tap dancing, but I convinced her that you needed to take a personal leave, and she agreed to leaving it open ended. She didn't quite say three months would be okay, but I think if you check in from time to time, it will be fine."
In less than a handful of strides, Matt had crossed the distance of her small office and made it around her desk. Before Jenny really knew what was happening, Matt was leaning down and embracing her in an awkward hug.
"Thank you so much, Jenny. You have no idea how much this means to me. I owe you one!"
"Don't worry about it. Happy to help," Jenny said, as she tapped the much larger man's shoulders. There was no give to those shoulders whatsoever. It was as if he was made from a completely different material than her husband.
Matt finally disentangled himself from her, but he was still beaming. Then, as if something had occurred to him, his smile faltered for a split second.
"So, what did you tell her to get her to agree?"
"Well, I didn't tell her much, but I had to tell her something. So, I told her that you had some personal family issues that you had to deal with out of town and needed to take some time. If you're going to have a kid, that's not technically lying. But, you should probably think of something to say when you run into her, because I'm sure she'll ask more questions."
Matt nodded. "Yeah. I'll do that."
"So, you're really going to do this. You're really going to see this girl on the other side of the country?"
"I have to Jenny. She sent me a picture of the sonogram. Want to see it?"
Before Jenny could respond, Matt had already pulled his phone out of his pocket and was tapping and swiping away to find the picture.
"Here. Look," he said, turning the phone towards her and asking her to take it.
Jenny didn't really have any interest in seeing the sonogram of a woman she'd never met, but it looked like it would make Matt happy, and so she smiled and took the phone from his hand. When she looked at the screen, her jaw dropped, and she felt heat rising in her face.
She'd expected a black and white picture of some alien-looking thing. Instead, what she saw was a picture of a California bleach blonde with a tight surfer's body. The blonde was lying on a bed. Completely nude. Her right hand was pinching a dark brown nipple that sat atop an evenly tanned breast, while her left hand gripped a bright pink instrument that she was inserting into a completely hairless pussy. The woman in the picture was looking at the camera with a look that could only be described as a "fuck-me" look.
Jenny tried to say something, but the shock was too much. No words came out.
After a few moments, Matt noticed that something was wrong, and moved closer to see why Jenny had frozen up.
As soon as he saw the picture on the screen, he snatched the phone out of her hand with a, "Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck."
"Jenny," Matt continued, his face had now turned beet red, "I am so sorry. The phone must have gone to the next picture when I passed it to you. Look. This is the sonogram."
He pointed the phone at Jenny, but this time did not hand it to her, as if he were trying to prove that there really was a sonogram.
Jenny regained enough composure to speak.
"It's okay, Matt. Really," she said, although she wasn't even convincing herself.
"I'm so sorry. I don't want you to think that I'm some kind of perv. It's just that once she got my number again, we started texting back and forth and she wanted to remind me what she looked like before she got pregnant, so she sent me some of those pics. I wasn't trying to force those on you, I swear. Oh god, I'm so sorry."
As he spoke, Matt had slowly backed away from her until he had his back against the wall.
"It's fine, Matt. I understand. I know you weren't trying to be disrespectful. She... uh... seems like a nice girl." She immediately regretted the words as soon as they came out of her mouth. Nothing about that picture was "nice."
"Uhhh... yeah. Anyway. I should probably get going. Thanks again for talking to Mrs. MacGarry. And again, so sorry about that. I gotta go."
With that, Matt ran out of her office as if from a fire.
As for Jenny, she was unable to accomplish anything for the rest of the day.
#
When Jenny finally made it back to her condo, she was mentally exhausted. A full day of fighting off intruding thoughts and losing was tiring.
Now, back home, empty save for the plate of food her husband had once again left her, she wasn't tired. She was... frustrated? What was frustrating her, however, she wasn't sure.
Without thinking, she crossed the condo to look out the window at the neighbour's apartment. There was no sign of anyone.
'Good,' she thought to herself, but even she realized that it was a feeble lie.
Jenny made her way back to the kitchen and opened the cupboard where the wine was stored. She picked out a bottle that was on the bottom shelf. The top shelf was where Joe kept the fancy bottles that he reserved for special occasions. She didn't have the heart to tell him, but they really didn't taste any different to her.
Pouring herself a glass of the "cheap stuff," Jenny did her best to calm herm herself. She decided that instead of having dinner right away, she would simply sit back in her seat and park herself in front of the television for a little bit.
Once she was in her comfortable clothes, she flipped through the channels.
Unfortunately, at this hour, there was nothing distracting on television. It was mostly news programs that were meant to be watched while preparing or enjoying dinner. Nothing that was meant to occupy a busy mind. A mind that was busy fighting off flashes off perfectly muscled men having their way with perfectly shaped blondes, or perfectly tanned girls sending erotic pictures to shy but handsome construction workers.
That last image was part of what was bothering Jenny so much. She had begun to get glimpses of Matt whenever she closed her eyes. Not just Matt. Usually, it was Matt in some position with the California blonde with whom she had recently become so well acquainted. She justified it to herself saying she just needed a body for her day dreams, and since Matt was the one who had told her bout the girl, she figured Matt was as good as anyone.
But he wasn't. He was a co-worker.
'So what?' came a voice from her head. 'It's not like you're fucking him. You're just thinking of him fucking a little slut he's already fucked.'
'That slut is carrying his baby,' a different voice in Jenny's head responded.
'Allegedly,' the first voice said.
Jenny put an end to the internal conversation and got up to refill her wine glass. As she did so, she took a peak out her window to see if her neighbours were home yet. Still no sign of them. She tried to ignore the fact that she felt a tinge of disappointment.
Once her glass refilled and Jenny was back on the couch, she flipped through the channels a few more times, finally landing on a channel playing old sitcom reruns.
Without realizing it, while she watched Ross and Rachel get back together for the hundredth time, her hand wandered to the place between her legs.
In moments, she was rubbing herself and wasn't focused on the television at all anymore.
"Fuck it," Jenny said out loud. 'I'm horny and I want to masturbate. What's wrong with that?'
It wasn't that Jenny never masturbated, it was just that it was rare, and usually quickly and discreetly. During her marriage to Joe, she had rarely felt the need to masturbate. She had most of her urges satisfied by her husband. Now, things were different, though.
Jenny considered moving to the bedroom, but sticking with her "fuck it" attitude, she decided it was her condo, and she could play with herself anywhere she wanted.
She didn't have any toys, so it was going to just be her, her fingers and her imagination. Today, she was certain that would be enough.
She stripped out of the tight yoga pants that she liked to wear around the house and the comfortable tank top. Her bra and panties were the same set she'd worn to work, so they looked a little too fancy to be worn under work out clothes, but that wouldn't matter for long, as she discarded those and set them on the pile along with her yoga pants and tank top.
Now fully naked, Jenny decided she would need a glass of wine before continuing. She headed to the kitchen for a refill. Something about walking around her condo in the nude felt... liberating.
'I should do this more often,' Jenny thought.
She returned to the couch, took a sip of her wine, and then placed it on the coffee table in front of her. Then, raising her right leg up onto the couch, she began to slowly trace lines around breasts and nipples.
Jenny continued teasing just around the nipples until they were hard, then she moved one hand slowly down her body to the spot between her legs. She slowly drew a fingernail along both lips, which sent a shiver up her spine. Joe had been the first one to do that to her, and she had found that she enjoyed it so much, that she decided to add it to her bag of tricks for self pleasure.
She continued her soft, barely there touch, for what was either a few more seconds, or a full hour. She couldn't be sure. She had lost all track of time.
A buzzing sound broke the spell, and Jenny jumped. Her phone on the kitchen counter was vibrating.
She let out a frustrated grunt, and crossed the living room to the kitchen to check the phone. It was a New Mexico number. She didn't know anyone from New Mexico. Probably a telemarketer, she thought, and ignored the call. Then, after a moment of thought, she set the phone to "Do Not Disturb."
With a self-satisfied smile, she turned to make her way back to the couch, except she decided to take the long way around, and pass by the window.
She was rewarded for her efforts by what was becoming a familiar sight. It seemed her neighbour was back home. And once again, she was accompanied by her Adonis.
Jenny took one step back from the window, but stopped there.
The couple across the courtyard must have been home for a little while, because they were already deep into their usual activities. The blonde was perched atop her kitchen counter, legs spread wide, while her male companion leaned down, with his head buried in her lap.
Both were fully nude, so Jenny could see the blonde's breasts standing proudly on her prone form, and the man's magnificent member standing at attention, threatening to poke the side of the counter. The blonde's head was thrown back, and her hand was gripping the man's hair tightly.
Without thought, Jenny returned to what she'd been doing on the couch only moments before, her left hand tracing light circles around her nipple while her right hand tickled the edge of her nether lips.
After a few moments of the man enjoying his dinner, the couple repositioned themselves. They moved towards the living room, which was the room with the large window, through which Jenny had been getting most of her show.
They settled on a couch which was positioned in such a way, that Jenny had a perfect view of everything that was going on. Jenny took a look at where she was standing, wanting to make sure she wasn't visible. She was pretty sure she was well hidden by her current position. Once satisfied, she returned her attention to the exhibitionist couple.
The man was taking his turn on his back, and this time, it was the blonde who was mounting him. Jenny watched as her neighbour lowered her perfectly toned body down onto her partner's flag pole. She must have been well warmed up from the session on the kitchen counter, because she slid right down, with no hesitation, and no pauses to get used to the sensation.
Once her partner's cock had completely disappeared from view, the blonde smiled broadly in satisfaction. She rearranged herself slightly, placing her hands on the man's chest, and both her feet on either side of his hips in a squatting position. Ever so slowly, she raised herself up using her legs until almost the entirety of her partner's length was now once again visible to Jenny. And then, without warning, she let her weight fall back down, impaling herself once more.
She repeated this motion over and over again. Every single time she came down hard on the man's cock, a huge smile appeared on the blonde's face. As she continued, the pace quickened, until she was bouncing up and down on his cock like a woman possessed.
While watching the show, Jenny's own motions had sped up and she'd abandoned the light touch she'd adopted before. Now she alternated between rubbing her clit and pushing her middle finger into her pussy with her right hand, and squeezing a breast or pinching a nipple with the left hand.
The couple on the other side of the courtyard was on fire tonight. At least the blonde was. Her hair was now swinging back and forth with every bounce, and what was once a smile, now looked like a face that was in pure ecstasy. Jenny imagined the sounds she must be making.
"You lucky fucking slut," Jenny said under her breath, as she enjoyed the feeling of her own fingers inside her.
Finally, the man, whose only contribution so far had been a mild rocking of his hips, reached up and took the blonde by the waist. He lifted her effortlessly off himself, and deposited her on the floor next to the couch. Then, he took his right hand, and gently, but firmly placed it behind the blonde's head and guided it to his now glistening dick.
Without hesitation, the blonde swallowed half his length, and then came up and began licking all around the shaft, tasting herself on every inch, and making sure not to miss a spot.
Without thinking, Jenny brought her right middle finger, which had been buried inside her, to her mouth and sucked on it. She moaned as she tasted herself.
Eventually, the blonde stopped her licking and sucking routine, and gestured for the man on the couch to move. Once he was up, she took his place on the couch, but instead of being on her back, she was on all fours, facing the window. The man took his position, and wasting no time, took her from behind.
Jenny couldn't see him entering her, but she could tell by the blonde's face the exact moment that it happened. When it did, Jenny removed her fingers from her mouth, got down onto the floor spread her legs, and inserted first two, then three fingers into her pussy.
With every forward stroke the man gave, Jenny fucked herself with her fingers. The man's pace was now so quick, the blonde looked like she was just constantly screaming.
'She must be close,' Jenny thought, as she realized that her own orgasm was coming very close.
The man continued to pound at an incredible pace, and the blonde's knuckles were gripping the armrest of the couch. Jenny could see that all her toned muscles were taught and tense.
The feeling of an orgasm began to creep up on Jenny. It started as a tingling in the bottom of her stomach and then it began to spread. It rose. She felt it was about to crest.
Just as she was reaching her peak, the blonde across the courtyard opened her eyes, and stared straight forward. Jenny couldn't tell if it was her imagination or not, but it seemed she was staring directly at her with the look of a predator. She didn't have much time to contemplate this, as her orgasm hit her full force, and she shut her eyes tight.
"OOOOOH FUUUUUCK," she moaned, as even greater wetness coated her fingers and slipped out past her lips to wet her inner thighs.
Opening her eyes again, she saw the couple once again repositioning themselves. This time, they moved quickly, and positioned themselves on the floor just in front of their window. The blonde sank to her knees, giving Jenny a perfect profile view of her, and the man placed his cock in the valley of her perfect breasts.
Jenny was still feeling the afterglow of her orgasm and wasn't thinking straight as she sat there transfixed by the scene playing out in front of her.
The blonde squeezed her tits around the man's cock, and he started pumping wildly. As he did so, the blonde turned her head to the right to stare out the window, and once again, Jenny felt as though she were staring straight at her.
The blonde maintained that position, a smile playing on her face, while the man continued to pump furiously between her breasts.
After only a few moments, the furious pumping slowed, became jerky, and the man's body tensed. Then, a stream of white cum erupted from his cock, and shot up, painting the left side of the blonde's face. She continued to stare out the window directly at where Jenny was sitting watching, as another rope erupted and covered more of the blonde's face.
Jenny watched, slack jawed and numb as the blond fixed her with a smile, while her partner's copious amounts of semen hit her in the face, and dripped down to cover her cheek, her chin, and finally drip onto her breasts, creating a deliciously sticky and erotic mess.
Finally, the man was done, and he stumbled backwards, and took a seat on the floor. The blonde ignored him, and instead reached up, scooped some of the cum off her breast and popped it in her mouth, all while still looking out the window.
She made a show of cleaning her finger.
Then, her face split into a broad smile and she waved.
Jenny snapped out of her trance. There was no doubt about it now. The blonde was waving at her. Her mind raced, what was she going to do?
In the midst of her panic, she heard a sound behind her. A key in the door.
Before she could move from her place naked on the floor, the door to the condo opened, and Joe walked in.
"Surprise, honey, I'm... what the fuck?"