My wife and I have never been a boring couple. We love adventure. Both in life and in sex. Sometimes we just need to get away from home and do something crazy to keep things fresh.
The weekend plans were simple enough. Maddie and I had decided to go out of town for the weekend and stay in a hotel. Just something to get away from home. It was mid winter in Wisconsin so sadly our options were limited. But that was OK. We would find things to do. We always did.
The hotel we found was nothing over the top, but we were excited all the same. A nice room with a view over the lake. A pool with a hot tub and sauna, and of course the hotel bar. It was a perfect recipe for a relaxing weekend away.
Our room was gorgeous. A king size bed with plenty of extra pillows, a tub big enough for two, and a big TV. We'd be set no matter how the weekend went.
Maddie wandered the room checking everything out and seemed to approve. "I think I'm gonna get changed" she said, the excitement clear on her face. "Let's go to the bar downstairs and then hit the hot tub." She grabbed her bag and went into the large bathroom closing the door behind her.
That was a little odd. We'd been together for three years now. So changing in front of me wasn't a problem for her. But whatever. I didn't think too much on it. I slipped out of my normal clothes and into a pair of swim trunks and a shirt. Something comfortable for the pool or the bar.
When I heard the bathroom door open I looked up and my jaw dropped to the ground. Maddie stepped out in her "swim suit". I looked her up and down hungrily. Tonight she had chosen a short black skirt that teased the bottom of her ass being revealed to the world, and a matching halter top that was struggling to hold in her tits. My wife is gorgeous on a normal day. 42G tits with curves in all the right places. When she decided to try to tease me? There was no stopping her.
She saw my reaction and couldn't help but to laugh. Slowly turning to give me a look from every angle. Her skirt lifting slightly showing the bare curve of her ass. If she was wearing anything under that skirt, it wasn't much. I felt myself stiffen in my trunks just looking at her and I knew she noticed. I've never been good at hiding it.
Maddie walked up to me with a wicked smile on her face and kissed my lips softly. "It's gonna be a fun night, don't get too excited yet".
With that she dropped to her knees in front of me and kissed the front of my shorts slowly grabbing them by the waist band and pulling them down. My cock sprung free and stood straight out towards her. Begging. With a laugh she kissed up and down the shaft teasing then slowly licked me from base to tip. Fuck. My wife can be a tease from hell sometimes.
I ran my fingers through her hair enjoying every second but getting impatient. Waiting. She looked up at me and opened her mouth to speak. "Do you like....." That's all it took. With her mouth open in front of me I grabbed her by the hair and thrust my cock into her mouth stopping her mid sentence. Surprised at first she hesitated and pulled back but quickly submitted, My cock pumping into her mouth while I held her there with a fist full of her hair.
"Suck my cock you little fucking tease" I groaned out as I used her mouth. "Don't stop"
Dutifully she sucked every inch of me down. She loved teasing me till I got aggressive and I knew I'd given her exactly the reaction she wanted. And for me there were few better views than this. My beautiful wife on her knees. My cock down her throat. And our night was just starting. I loosened my grip on her hair and felt her slowly pull back dragging her lips down my shaft till she looked up at me with a smile and kissed the tip.
"Easy babe, or we won't make it to the rest of the night" she said with a wink. I helped her up and she went to check her makeup. When she was satisfied, we locked up the hotel room and headed down to the bar.
I walked behind her a few steps, my eyes glued to her ass and the little black skirt that lifted a little with each step. Just enough to tease. Every man, and most of the women, we passed would turn and look. And who could blame them? Her massive tits on display held up by her top. Her ass begging to peek out. The little slut. She knew what she was doing. And I loved it. Its not secret that I love showing her off. I'd parade her through the hall naked if I could get away with it. Just to watch everyone else want her and know she is mine.
At the bar we ordered our drinks and waited. My cock was rock hard inside my shorts. Between how she was dressed and watching everyone try not to stare, I was having the time of my life. Just to add to it Maddie kept adjusting her tits in her top leaving me and everyone else begging for something to slip. Our waitress came with our drink and didn't even bother to hide that she was staring. When Maddie winked at her I almost came in my shorts. We are monogamous. Mostly at least. But she knows all too well how much it teases me when she flirts. "How much ya wanna bet I could get her number?" She said with a laugh.
"Do it. And you'll get a good reward." I said "Maybe a trip to the book store?" At that she perked up.
A few drinks in and we were ready to go. We asked for our bill and ordered one more round to take with us to the pool. When the waitress brought them over Maddie snatched the receipt from my hand and scribbled down her number with a note that said "text me later". I wasn't sure if she was being serious or just trying to tease me, but either way I was into it. We took the drinks and made our way to keave the bar.
Once again every eye in the place was watching her. Her tits bouncing in that top. Her skirt teasing with every step. I couldn't resist. In front of everyone I gave her a gentle smack on the ass and lifted the back just a little revealing what we'd all been wondering. In place of her usual underwear was a thin G String. No more than a couple thin strips. But what I hadn't expected was what else it revealed. Right there for everyone to see was a shiny jewel sticking out from her ass. A ruby red butt plug, now on display for the whole bar. I didn't think I could get any harder. But I did.
Maddie blushed and smoothed her skirt back into place but kept walking like nothing had happened. I looked around the bar and wasn't shocked to see everyone looking, including the waitress holding Maddie's number in hand.
We made our way down the hall towards the pool area. It was a secluded part of the hotel and when we arrived there was no one else there. Good. At this point I didn't know how much more self control I had left. We set our stuff down and I watched as Maddie walked to the edge of the hot tub and dipped her toes in to test the waters. Slowly she climbed down in, her skirt lifting as it touched the water till she submerged herself up to her perfect tits, the fabric of her skirt and top clinging to her skin. "Well? Are you coming?" She asked through that evil smile.
Fuck. If you only realized how close I was to coming this whole time. I stripped out of my shirt quickly and went to join her in the hot tub. "Do you have any idea how much you're teasing me? You had everyone in that bar checking you out."
"It's your fault" she said laughing. "You lifted my fucking skirt! They saw everything!"
"Everything is right! You're wearing a plug? Fuck babe thats hot! And your "swimsuit"? You're lucky no one else is in here."
Maddie just smiled and laughed. "Am I? I thought you'd like my outfit."
"Oh I love it. I love showing you off."
"Hmmm you do? What if I made it worse?" Slowly she shifted her top lifting it to expose her tits and then covering back up.
"You're such a little slut and I love it" I told her staring. I wanted to fuck you right in front of everyone.
"You may just get that chance. Who knows"
The door to the hotel pool opened and another couple walked in. They nodded to us politely and went about their business. Here in the pool, what they could see of Maddie's outfit above the bubbles of the hot tub was less out of place and I didn't recognize them from the bar. So while I was hard as a rock, they were none the wiser. A few minutes later the new couple joined us in the hot tub completely unaware. Through the bubbles you could only vaguely see anything under the water and Maddie knew it.
As we made polite small talk I could feel Maddie getting antsy. I felt her hand lay in my lap and start to rub my cock through the outside of my shorts while making eye contact with the other couple. How far was she going to take this?
The timer on the bubbles ran out and suddenly the water went still leaving her hand completely visible still massaging me through my shorts. Maddie froze and as we all got quiet she looked at me. "Oops. I'll go turn it back on!" She stood up in the hot tub to step out. The fabric of her skirt lifted by the water and clinging to her body just above her ass, the ruby of the plug obstructed only by the thin string of her underwear as she climbed from.the hot tub to hit the button and restart the bubbles.
As Maddie came back to the hot tub, everything still on display, the look of shock was clear on the other couples faces. I couldn't tell if they were offended by what they saw or if they were as turned on as I was. Instead of taking her seat next to me, my lovely wife came back and set her bare ass on my lap wiggling it against me through the thin fabric of my shorts, the bubbles once again hiding us from view. To their credit the other couple said nothing about what they saw. They even seemed to be enjoying it and kept up our conversation.
I wasn't sure how much longer I could resist. Through my shorts I could feel Maddie grinding herself against me with every movement. The hard ruby of her butt plug contrasting to the softness of her near bare flesh pressed to my body. When Maddie stood again for a second I took my chance. Beneath the water I slid my shorts down just enough to free myself and when she retook her seat on my lap I positioned myself against her drawing a moan from her lips. Could this other couple tell that my cock was now rubbing against my wife's nearly naked body? I wasn't sure and I didn't care. If they cared they'd have left or said something by now.
Maddie and the other woman were talking about some dark romance book they both had read but I couldn't focus. With every movement my wife made I tried to adjust closer, the tip of my cock pushing what little fabric her underwear provided over to the side trying to enter her. I thought I was being subtle. Maybe not. When Maddie leaned back to me and said "babe stop teasing and put it in!" She lifted herself slightly and that was all it took. I grabbed her hips and thrust up into her claiming her soaked pussy while the other couple watched.
There was no hiding it now. The couple watched as Maddie bounced and rode my cock in the hot tub, splashing the water around us. I dug my nails into her hips and I pulled her against me. Finally. What I'd been craving all night had built till I couldn't stop. I untied her top and yanked it down freeing her tits to bounce as she rode. I had almost forgotten the other couple. I slowed slightly and peeked over Maddies shoulder. To my surprise they were both watching intently with their hands beneath the waves.
I grabbed Maddie by the hair and directed her to the edge of the hot tub bending her over the ledge. Kissing my way down her back all the way to her ass. Gripping the G String in my teeth I pulled it down her legs and off and tossed it into the water where it floated towards the couple, the young woman instantly grabbing it.
Maddie waited bent over the wall as I positioned her in front of one of the jets and slapped her ass. "You are such a good little whore for me baby. Teasing me like a little slut in front of people all night." I took my place behind her and thrust deep into her waiting pussy making her cry out. Each thrust making her gasp in pleasure.
I turned to look and the other couple were watching us like a private porn film. The young woman interrupted us "fuck you guys, that's hot! Can we record you?"
I kept Maddie bent over but grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back to face them. "What do you think baby girl? Can these strangers record you taking my cock?"
Maddie moaned as I slid in and out of her a little slower now. She could barely make words but finally agreed "yes! But use my phone! It's up with our stuff.... send it to yourself...."
Hearing her give them permission almost made me cum on the spot but I slowed and waited as the young woman grabbed Maddie's phone and started filming. She walked around us getting every angle as I fucked my sexy slut of a wife and made her scream. "That's a good little slut wife" I told her as the woman got right in front of her for a closeup of her moaning into the camera.
The other woman's husband got out of the hot tub and went straight to his wife, clearly unable to wait any longer. Her put her on her knees and elbows in front of Maddie and ripped her swim suit off to claim his own wife as she kept recording us, now catching the moans of both women on the camera as he dumped his load into his wife her screams sending Maddie over the edge.
I felt Maddie's pussy tighten around my cock as her body shuddered, the orgasm rolling through her body. I couldn't hold back any longer. My pace quickened as I thrust into her slamming her body against the edge of the hot tub claiming her. The other woman watched and recorded panting and gasping as she watched Maddie collapsing under her orgasm while I thrust into her.
I could feel it building inside me. My cock throbbing. I couldn't hold it any longer as I let loose and filled Maddie with stream after stream of cum ramming my cock deeper into her till I had nothing left. I pulled myself from inside of her and helped her sit back into the pool as we both caught our breath. The realization coming across us all of what we had all just done. And where.
Maddie and the other girl just laughed as the other husband and myself both stared in disbelief still working out that it had been real. The other woman sent herself the video from Maddie's phone as agreed and brought my wifes G String back to her as they fixed their swim suits. Maddie looked to me with a sly smile and walked up to the other woman, taking the G String and gently shoving it down the other woman's bikini bottoms while making eye contact. "A souvenier" she said with a wicked smile and walked back to join me in the hot tub as the other couple left.
As she took a seat next to me in the hot tub she kicked her feet up into my lap and laid her back against the wall. "So. Dinner and then round two?"
To be continued.... possibly.