Author's Note: Well, I'm back! Thank you to all of you who have dropped me kind comments and feedback. It's been an exciting journey, and it isn't finished yet.

******************************

Chapter 11: Back to Work
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.

"Mmmph.. Huh.." Jasmine groaned. Her eyes felt like they weighed a tonne.
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.

"Ummph.. Oh!" feeling something twitching on her nipples, Jasmine thought it was a fly and raised her hands up quickly, grabbing her chest.
It wasn't a surprise, and it hadn't been for a while, for Jasmine's soft hands to meet bare tit flesh. However, the feeling of hard metal affixed to her bust brought all the memories from the night before, clear as the bells dangling from her precious nipples, causing a fresh wave of humiliation to rush over the completely naked blonde.
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.

Her brand new piercings were vibrating, as though they were a cell phone and she had just received a call! Horrified, remembering that Owen was asleep upstairs, Jasmine hurriedly tried to sit up.
The first thing she noticed was the dim street lamp illuminating the suburban road.
Jasmine blushed hot red. She had been too exhausted by the exertions and humiliations of the previous day that she had forgotten to shut the curtains, which meant that anyone who was bored or perverted enough to attempt to glance into her windows would have been greeted by the beautiful sight of her evenly tanned bald slit, directed at the window for their viewing pleasure!
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.

Jasmine glanced at the clock as she got up. 5:45 am. She cursed Nicolette for forcing her to wake up at this hour.
"You'll find out why tomorrow, cunt, but I don't think you'll ever have to worry about waking up late again.." Nicolette had said with a sly grin.

Well, Jasmine knew now. It was clearly just another way Nicolette to humiliate her hapless slave, having her sensitive nipples and clit vibrate as an alarm.

"SHICKK" the leather made a sharp noise as Jasmine slid her body against the soft sofa. The blonde's smooth and flawless skin was sticky from sweat, having not even had the energy to take a shower, after her tormentor had "kindly" dropped her off a few hours ago, having gone through in great detail her ORDERS for the next day.
"You know what to do, and you better obey every single order I've given you tonight. Or your parents and Eddie's college scholarship review committee will be getting a present in the mail, and then after that.. The whole world too.. Now get the fuck out, bitch."

Those were the last words the evil brunette had said, completely dismissive as usual of Jasmine's shock and horror at the humiliating rules and commands that she would have no choice but to obey and carry out the next day. Nicolette had of course gleefully laid them out for her, in great detail.
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.

Afraid the audible tinkles of the jingle bells, caused by the continuous vibrations of the small ring on each of her nipples, would wake Owen, the pathetic naked woman grasped tightly onto both of them and tip-toed, barefoot as usual, to the bathroom on the ground floor.
"Cold shower, and I want you to be extra smooth from the neck down, slut. So you better do a good shave."

Impotent anger welled up within Jasmine, as she quietly shut the bathroom door. She knew full well that Nicolette was most likely sleeping at home in her comfortable bed, while the formerly-proud sales executive and now-slave was forced to take an icy cold shower! But of course the helpless minx had no choice. The alternative, as Nicolette had stressed gleefully countless times the previous night, was for her immoral shared orgasm with Eddie to be disseminated to the entire world.
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.
On one hand, Jasmine needed to keep moving to warm up under the extremely cold water, but on the other she didn't want Owen to be woken up by the chimes from her nipple bells that would be aggravated by vigorous movements.
It was a rather amusing sight, as the chesty young wife hopped from foot to foot while grasping tightly onto her tit bells.
Jasmine let out an inadvertent moan as the curved barbell adorning her clithood continued vibrating, the bigger ball on the bottom of the bar rubbing temptingly against her sensitive clit.
"Extra slutty, extra smooth, extra tight" Nicolette had jabbed her finger crudely, first at Jasmine's beautiful face, then her exposed pussy, and finally her luscious locks.

Still shivering slightly despite having dried off well after her shower, Jasmine took a seat in the living room, completely naked and barefoot as always.
Feeling indignant at having to put on make up at the unearthly hour just so that she could look her best during her toilet cleaner training, Jasmine dabbed a thin layer onto her face, making sure to put on an extra coat of FKME red lipstick. It made things worse knowing full well, based on Nicolette's orders the night before, that more humiliations were in store for her!
It was cold comfort, but at least her new jewellery had stopped vibrating.
Jasmine glanced briefly at her fingernails and toenails as she wrapped up her wavy platinum blonde hair into a tight high bun, and decided that they didn't need a fresh coat.
Sighing, the blushing bimbo exited her home. A waft of cold morning breeze only served to emphasize her complete nudity.
Anyone standing on the opposite side of the road would have witnessed a truly majestic and amusing sight. The busty beautiful exhibitionist stepped out of the door and onto the middle of the porch, before shamelessly placing both of her hands on her tight blonde bun. It was as though she was intentionally exposing as much of her body as possible, by ensuring that her hands nor her hair could block even an inch of her flawless skin!
There were no tan-lines on the skank, and even her taut and smooth armpits and the sides of her shaved pussy were evenly coloured a sexy golden brown. It was obvious that she spent plenty of time in the sun, nude as the day she was born.
And having been so afraid that Nicolette would tell her off, after the revelations from the night before, Jasmine had done such a good job with shaving this morning that there was no stubble anywhere below the neck on her bare slutty body.
With the silvery jingle bells, eye-catching enough to be visible from a distance but yet small enough not to distract from the complete nudity of the walking wet dream, the busty woman was unmistakably demanding as much attention to the prominent in-your-face fake F cups as possible.
The coup de grace was the humorous fresh addition to the tip of the silky smooth groove of the voluptuous sextoy, clearly visible between her widely-parted toned legs. Anyone would have thought the brazen slut was proudly showing off her diamond ring attached amusingly to her clit and even GLISTENING a little under the faint light from the street lamp, by spreading her legs more than a foot-and-a-half wide as she stood there in the erotic position!
Of course, in reality, the fake-titted Jasmine was extremely uncomfortable and embarrassed, being forced to exhibit herself in her obscene favourite position. Lips trembling as she mentally counted down from 30 to 0, the slave didn't want to stay naked for too long, exposed as she was near the middle of the suburban street, and she was just glad that it was still so dark out.
"Put on your 6 inch heels. Yes, the red ones. Your new outfit will be in the mailbox. No peeking until tomorrow, or your fuckslut exploits will be released to the world!"

Peering worriedly to the left and right, the stark naked blonde walked as fast as she could, tottering on the stripper heels, all the way to the mailbox at the end of the frontyard.
"NOOO.." Jasmine couldn't help but let out an audible gasp when she saw what was in the mailbox.
It was just a tiny transparent plastic packet, barely the size of her palm and containing what looked like a few EXTREMELY THIN bright green elastic hairbands in it!
"It will be called your FAVOURITE OUTFIT from now on!"
Shaking out the "hairbands" from the packet, Jasmine immediately began tearing.
The outfit was essentially JUST SPAGHETTI STRAPS. It made her Slutdrops look suitable for church!
LESS THAN A QUARTER thick, the straps formed two loops that looked like a bunny's ears, tapering down into a singular strap. And unlike her Slutdrops, there weren't even any "modesty teardrops" for her nipples and puffy gash, the straps were of equal width and size throughout.
Jasmine trembled, feeling a tear roll down her cheek as she put on her favourite outfit. Despite her feelings of humiliation and despair, she felt a tinge of arousal when she mentally referred to the slutty outfit as HER FAVOURITE OUTFIT for the first time.
"No.. I can't.." Jasmine thought helplessly.
The two "bunny ears" wrapped around her shoulders, but without any thicker portion near her nipples, her favourite outfit left nothing to imagination. And especially with her new tit jewellery, Jasmine realised that it was impossible to rest the straps on her nipples. They simply fell to either side of her jingle bells, effectively providing no cover at all to any part of her big fake knockers at all!
The spaghetti strap between her legs faced the same problem, and could only rest on either side of her wedding ring and barbell. In fact, Jasmine concluded that even if the strap had been able to stretch exactly in the middle of her smooth slit, it wouldn't have been much use because it would just slip uselessly right into her moist pussy.
All-in-all, the wanton floozy was basically still naked. The entirety of her hairless body remained on full display, and the two extremely thin bright green lines drawn on the sides of her fake boobs and down in a V-shape towards her cunt made no difference at all. Her nipples were not even covered, and neither were her tit jingle bells and wedding ring, stuck amusingly to the equally-visible curved barbell on her clit!
"I can't.." Jasmine, fingers trembling, began to type a message on her phone to Nicolette.
Then the blonde paused, tears continuing to roll down her face.
She couldn't disobey Nicolette's strict orders. The evil brunette would probably take it out on her if she tried to negotiate with her so early in the morning, and she shuddered to think what would happen if anyone found out about her debauchery, especially with Eddie.
But she couldn't take the bus to work dressed like this either. She knew she would be thrown off, or worse, arrested!
Jasmine sobbed, then an idea hit her.
Big boobies and curvy ass jiggling, the defeated bimbo hurried back to the porch and booked an Uber.
While she waited for her ride to arrive, Jasmine glanced at the sliver of her reflection in the window tentatively. As expected, the back of her favourite outfit left didn't provide any modesty at all. The tiny less-than-quarter-inch thick straps were barely visible, leaving the entirety of her tanned and toned back and ass exposed.
Looking down at her body, she was almost afraid of what she would see.
It was worse than she first thought. Her favourite outfit became EVEN MORE useless the moment she moved! The stretchy straps, which had not even covered her nipples or tit bells in the first place, simply fell all the way to the sides of her big fake tits. Similarly, the tiny strap between her legs had slid all the way to the side of her pussy, leaving her pubic area completely exposed.

******************************

Reyes' jaw dropped.
His initial surprise at having a booking so early in the morning was nothing compared to seeing the ditzy sextoy jiggling her naked body up to his car!
"Thank you.. Please.. Urrm.." Jasmine murmured as she got into the back seat.
Apparently, she did have some form of pathetic excuse for clothing on, but they were basically just strings. Reyes watched the busty beauty struggling to adjust the bright green straps, which were clearly not even as thick as the diameter of her perky nipples.
"What a hussy," he thought, "Her tits are pierced. With bells! And wow, is that a diamond ring.. ON HER CLIT?"
"Thank you for coming.. Let's go.. Please.. A little bit of a hurry.." Jasmine panted.
"I'm sorry, ma'am," Reyes frowned, "I don't think I can take this trip. You're practically naked! I have a wife and kids.. I don't like this. Have you no shame?"
"No.. No.." Jasmine replied, mortified, "I.. I.. It's.. It's a dare.. Please.. An office dare.. That's why I'm going.. Office.. Going to the office.."
"You're headed downtown dressed like this? Are you a cheap hooker?" Reyes asked.
"No.. Not a hooker.. It's.. It's really.. A dare.. My friends at the office.. I lost a bet.." Jasmine was struggling to come up with an explanation for her outrageously sleazy appearance.
"I don't think I can do this, I'm sorry. Please get out." Reyes replied.
"Please.. I need.. I need to get there.. Please, sir.. I'm late.. I can ride in the trunk if you want.. Sir.. I can cover up.." as though to show that she was not all exhibitionistic, Jasmine made a pathetic attempt at modesty and squeezed her smooth tanned thighs together.
"No, no.. I don't think so. This is just wrong. I mean, what are you even up to? You're a disgrace.. Shameless.." Reyes muttered.
"Please, sir.. Please.." Jasmine begged.
A thought suddenly crossed the as-good-as-naked bimbo's mind. Jasmine hurriedly spread her legs wide, exposing her smooth and freshly shaved cunt.
"Please, sir.." Jasmine continued desperately, "I'll suck you.. I'll fuck you.."
"Are you serious? What the fuck?" Reyes suddenly raised his voice, "Who do you think I am? Why would I even go anywhere near a cheap skank like you?"
"No.. Please.. I didn't mean it that way, sir.." Jasmine was crying now. She was already behind time, and she shuddered to think how Nicolette would react, if she found out that her slave was late to her first training day!
"Ok, you know what, fine," Reyes sighed, "Get out, and get in the trunk. Even looking at you makes me feel like I could get some disease.."
"Thank you.. Thank you.." Jasmine sobbed as she dragged her pathetic and worthless naked form out of the car.
Like an obedient dog, the blonde walked quickly to the back of the car. It suddenly hit her that she would be helpless if the driver decided to drive away!
Luckily, the trunk popped open a few seconds later, and the humiliated Jasmine slid her evenly tanned body into the musty trunk.
As Jasmine felt the car move off, the hapless slave continued crying as she pondered how far she had fallen. From a highly-paid and well-respected executive, she was now reduced to attempting to use her mouth and pussy to persuade an Uber driver to give her a ride to toilet cleaner training. Worse still, Jasmine knew full well that from his perspective, it would look for all the world as though she was intentionally travelling as good as naked, like a shameless trashy whore!

******************************

Jasmine heaved a sigh of relief as she felt the small car grind to a halt.
Even though she was naturally flexible, the trunk was extremely squeezy, and it was terribly uncomfortable for her to have to force her busty body into the confined space, not to mention that her 6 inch pornstar heels made her have to contort her knees in an even more awkward position.
But a few minutes passed and the trunk remained shut.
The naked bombshell began to worry.
"Oh no.. What if he's abandoned me at the side of the road side? I'm almost naked here.. What if it's a forest? Oh no.." Jasmine could feel a trickle of sweat on the nape of her smooth neck.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Then, suddenly, her tit rings and clit barbell began vibrating again! This time, it wasn't the gentle repetitive vibrations from earlier in the morning. Instead, it was the strong pulses that she had experienced from the night before, when Nicolette had forced her to pose in her favourite position, after reinforcing her ownership over the slave thanks to the disgusting video of Eddie.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Jasmine was already juicing, as the bigger ball of the barbell pressed and vibrated intently against her rapidly stiffening clit.
"Urrgh.." the memories of her sexual advances being rejected by the Uber driver came rushing back, adding to her feelings of worthlessness and humiliation.
Jasmine's self-deprecating thoughts only served to heighten her arousal.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Oh.. Urrgh.. Oh!" as thoughts of possibly being abandoned by the road side and later found by a group of sweaty and horny lumberjacks crossed Jasmine's oversexed mind, the blonde quickly dragged her right hand down her sweaty stomach and pushed aside the useless bright green strap between her legs.
"Urrgh.. Yes.. Urrgh.."
Jasmine diddled frantically, feeling the metallic texture of her wedding ring attached to the curved barbell on her clithood. It only served to make her soaking wet pussy pulse more, as she thought about how far she had fallen. She was stuck naked in a stranger's car but was only focused on masturbating furiously!
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
It was unlike anything that Jasmine had ever experienced, even though she had had her fair share of experimentations with sextoys.
The vibrations were originating from the barbell that was INSIDE her clithood, and with the smooth ball pressing directly on her clit, it was as though her nerves were being directly stimulated by the pulsating trembles!
Jasmine could do nothing but give in to her lust.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Yes.. Oh.. Oh.. Oh yes.. OH NO!"
Jasmine half-shrieked and half-moaned as the trunk popped open.
Reyes had a look of pure disgust on his face.
Jasmine blushed. His revulsion at seeing the barely clothed wanton blonde blatantly playing with her pussy like a cheap whore was clear!
"Urrgh.." Jasmine wrenched her fingers away from her needy cunt, feeling extremely conscious but still trembling from arousal, "No.. I didn't.. Didn't mean.. I thought you were gone.."
"I don't really care. You're a filthy slut. I got to go get my trunk cleaned now," Reyes said, sighing, "Just get the fuck out, we're here."
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Mmmmm.. Mmmm.." Jasmine almost robotically closed her right eye halfway, as the waves of pleasure continued rushing through her sweaty body.
"Can you get the fuck out, you dumb cunt?" Reyes said loudly.
"Mmm.. No.. No.." Jasmine stuttered, "Please.. Need.. Clit.."
"GET THE FUCK OUT! You're disgusting!" Reyes repeated, "Are you jingling your tits at me?!"
"No.. Vibe.. I mean.. No.." Jasmine replied, horrified.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
But even though she knew what an amusing spectacle it had to be, her tit bells jingling loudly as a result of the strong vibrations from the rings while she lay almost naked in the musty trunk, Jasmine could only think of the burning neediness between her legs and reached back down towards her hairless cunt with her right hand.

"What are you doing?!" Reyes exclaimed, "Stop! What? Stop! Have you no shame?"
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
The voluptuous floozy used her left hand to twiddled her pierced nipples hard, causing the jingle bells to chime even louder.
The constant tinkling made it seem as though she was begging anyone in the vicinity to come and have a look at her wanton masturbation!
But Jasmine was overcome with lust. As though on autopilot, the needy bimbo spreaded her legs wide, exposing her gaping bald mound fully while she rubbed her engorged clit in quick circles.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Urrgh.. urrgh.." Jasmine moaned.
"I should never have taken on your booking.." Reyes said, "I'm going to call security."
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
As the thought of being found by security guards, completely naked and masturbating, rushed through her oversexed mind, Jasmine couldn't control herself any longer.
"Yes.. Mmm.. Urrgh.. YESSSSSS.." the horny slut groaned as the orgasm hit her hard.

******************************

It took more than a few minutes for the evenly tanned sexed up blonde to come to her senses.
Still panting and feeling extremely self-conscious after her public climax, Jasmine looked around timidly.
The driver had pulled her by her arms roughly and dumped her on the ground beside the car, before chastising her loudly and repeatedly for her shameless behaviour. Jasmine couldn't even remember what he had said, because her mind had still been up in the clouds of orgasmic bliss at the time.
But then a deep red warm blush spread over her flawless skin as she remembered that he had then taken out a couple of ANTIBACTERIAL WIPES from the trunk to clean his hands with before hopping in the driver's seat. It was as though she was a filthy piece of trash that he hated touching!
Jasmine tried to adjust her skimpy favourite outfit to give herself some semblance of respectability, but it was futile. Her nipple bells and wedding ring on her clit remained fully exposed, no matter how she attempted to align the straps directly over her nipples and extremely lubricated slit.
Peering around the poorly-lit but empty service entrance, Jasmine saw a sign labelled "Store" nearby.
Legs trembling, the almost-naked young woman walked as fast as she could on her slutty high heels. Her nipple bells jingled happily.
Inside the main store, there were many huge racks filled with cleaning and miscellaneous supplies, and Jasmine looked around slowly until she spotted another door labelled "Office". Hoping for some peace and privacy before things got a lot worse, as she KNEW they would based on Nicolette's orders the night before, Jasmine walked quickly in the direction of the office.
The first thing that she noticed was the smell. While the main store actually smelled clean, even sanitized, the office smelled awful. It smelled like sweaty unwashed clothes that had been left in an enclosed space for a few days! In fact, Jasmine was sure that that was exactly what the pile of grey janitorial outfits, lying ominously in a corner, was.
"When you get into the office, strip. Completely naked and barefoot. Everything off, just the way a cheap fuckslut like you loves to be!"

That was Nicolette's command from the night before, and the big titted slut obediently stripped off the soaking wet pathetic excuse for a microkini and stripper heels.
Even though her favourite outfit had barely covered anything, to be completely nude in the office building once again brought a fresh wave of humiliation to Jasmine. She had visited Stuls Corporation countless times as an important representative of Clean Investments, but more importantly as a well-dressed and respected woman. Now, she was nothing but a walking joke and cum dump, stripping naked in the cleaning store!
But then Jasmine saw something that made her gasp, distracting her from the humiliating reality of how far she had fallen.
At first glance, the adjacent wall was a full montage of porn. That had been enough to shock the hapless blonde, but upon taking a closer look, the busty slut realised that they were all pictures of HER!
Some were of her at the gym, some in offices on the higher floors of the same building she was in, some were even of her at home, on her marital bed.
But in ALL of the pictures, Jasmine was in her No-Hands Cowgirl position, riding her fuckbuddy reverse cowgirl with her legs spread wide and her hands on her messy bun. The other similarity was her facial expression. The raunchy whore in the pictures always had a look of pure bliss on her face, with her mouth opened in a gaping "O" as SHE slipped her juicy cunt onto the lucky guy's rock hard cock. Naturally, the blonde was bare-assed naked and barefoot, squatting erotically on the various men's cocks like a desperate and needy skank.
"Is this a fetish of his?" Jasmine wondered, feeling extremely humiliated to have her adulterous exploits displayed so blatantly in the publicly-accessible office!
It made things worse for the subservient slave to know, based on Nicolette's humiliating orders from the night before, EXACTLY what was to come.
"Next, you'll beg to fuck Tom. In fact, make sure that you fuck him at least twice during the day. If you don't swallow two loads of his cum tomorrow, well, you know what's going to happen.."

Of course, Tom wasn't in the office at the moment. However, the naked blonde figured that there was no harm trying to get a headstart.
Jasmine felt a sharp pang of indignity. Just a few months ago, she had been in a comfortable office planning out marketing strategies for her company and investment options for her high-net-worth clientele. Now, butt-naked, she was pondering how best to seduce the black cleaner from the rival company into giving her bald slit a good hard pounding, just so that she could swallow his thick whitish goodness in order to appease her former rival and now-Owner!
However, her humiliation and anger quickly faded into helplessness, as she remembered Nicolette's freshly buttressed repertoire of threats.
An idea popped into the experienced tart's mind.
Looking around the office, Jasmine spied a large brown towel lying nearby.
Picking it up, she almost retched. It stunk of stale sweat, and perhaps even someone's dirty feet! However, before she could find a suitable alternative, the evenly tanned nude whore heard footsteps approaching the door.

******************************

The first thing that Maurica noticed when she opened the door of Tom's office was the widely-spread glistening pink slit, fully exposed between silky smooth thighs.
Her jaw dropped. There was a COMPLETELY NAKED and blindfolded shapely blonde lying on the floor of Tom's office!
Not only that, the bombshell's legs were spread a 180 degrees wide and directed towards the door and her sexy arms were trust vertically up and above her head. It was as though the floozy was intent on ensuring that whoever walked through the door would not miss her magnificent symmetrical rack and clearly moist pussy.
"Mmm... Mmmm... Tommy.." the randy whore cooed.
"Holy shit, I know who this is! It's the slut from yesterday." Maurica thought, recognising the impressive pair of obviously surgically-enhanced tits, prominently protruding out from the completely hairless body of the exhibitionist in front of her.
"Please fuck me, Tommy.. Please give me your big.. Big.. BIG BIG BIG.. Cockie.." that particular exhibitionist continued rasping sultrily.
"Oh wow, and now her tits are pierced. Is that a ring on her cunt? Holy shit!" Maurica thought, stunned.
"Put it in me Tommy.. I got myself so wet for you.. Sir.. Thought about you all night.." the platinum blonde licked her lips.
Maurica noted that the shameless slut had apparently chosen to use Tom's USED exercise towel as a blindfold, and suppressed a chuckle.
"Please, Tommy.. Please.. Sir.. I know you like them tight, tanned and hairless.. I know you like cock rides.." said the obviously experienced seductress.
"I will give you the ride of your life.. Tommy.. Sir.. Please fuck me hard.. Tommy.. Fuck this cheap slut hard.." she continued her dirty talk, behaving like a brainless bimbo in heat.
Maurica noticed the huge titted nude skank pointedly stretching her bare toes purposefully in opposite directions, inclining them away from her body and upwards. She was obviously intent on spreading the inner folds of her bald pussy even further apart!
"I cleaned my dripping wet slit specially for you.. Shaved completely.. Just like you like it.. Sir.. Smooth.. Please fuck my cunt.. Sir.. Please jizz into this dumb bimbo's juicy fuckhole.." the ditz continued.
"Ok, ALRIGHT, enough," Maurica finally spoke, "What's going on?"
"Oh.. Yelp!" the tanned blonde removed the blindfold and immediately jumped to her feet.
"If her surprise was faked, that was pretty good acting," Maurica mused to herself.
"Urrm.. Urrm.." the naked woman actually looked embarrassed, clamping one hand between her legs and the other over her huge knockers, "I thought.. Tom was.. Coming?"
It was a lame attempt at modesty, however, and Maurica could still see the jingle bells attached to the cheap whore's tits between her slim fingers with bright red nail polish, even from a few feet away. In fact, they chimed amusingly when the brazen exhibitionist had tried to, somewhat surprisingly, shield them from view.
"Who are you and why are you here?" Maurica frowned.
"Um.. Um.." the blonde continued stammering.
Then, the completely exposed immoral slut's eyes suddenly bulged wide. Maurica could see her looking around the room frantically, before eventually fixating for a few seconds on a corner of the ceiling.
"This is an office.. A place of work. So who are you, and why are you here?" Maurica repeated, glancing at the area in which the exhibitionist had been looking at.
"It's just a security camera.." Maurica thought, confused.
Suddenly, the bronze-skinned tramp put her hands on her back of her head. She thrusted her fake tits out slightly, before spreading her legs extremely wide. It was as though the trashy whore wanted to ensure maximum exposure of her naked tanned skin! Even her smooth and hairless armpits were stretched taut, and Maurica could clearly see the entirety of her bald pussy spread wide between her sexy thighs.
The tit jingle bells tinkled loudly and humorously as a result of the exhibitionist's movements, as though a crowd was ridiculing her randy behaviour.
"Wha.. Ok, seriously, what's going on?" Maurica asked again.
"I'm Jas.. Jizz.. Jizzmine.. Here for toilet cleaner training.." despite the fact that she was standing in the exposed position like an experienced cumslut, the blonde actually looked extremely embarrassed.
"Oh. Oh, I see. Ok, yes, I'm going to be the one training you. But what were you doing earlier?" Maurica asked.
"I.. I thought.. Tom.. Was coming.. I thought.. Thought of.. Giving him.. Surprise.." Jizzmine stammered.
Maurica felt a pang of anger well up within her, "So you wanted to fuck your boss? You're hoping to get an easier time during training maybe?"
"No, I.." Jizzmine was about to respond, but Maurica cut her off.
"And anyway, why the hell are you standing like this? Do you like to show off your body that much? Where are your clothes?" Maurica continued.
She watched Jizzmine's eyes bulge out slightly again, and the big titted beauty swallowed before replying slowly.
"I am.. Am.. A busty.. Busty blonde bombshell.. I pierced my.. My nip.. Nippies with.. Bells.. And.. And.. Clit.. Clitty.. With my.. My.. Wed.. Wedding.. Wedding Ring.." Jizzmine answered softly.
"WHAT?" half-confused, half-amused by the ridiculous situation unfolding, Maurica almost burst into laughter.
However, she managed to suppress it, and continued, "Er.. Ok.. Fine.. You have bells on your nipples? What's that for?"
The naked tart bit her lip before responding, "I.. I.. Love.. Ri.. Riding.. Cock.. Reverse Cow.. Reverse cowgirl.."
"Oh!" a sudden realisation hit Maurica as she tilted her head slightly, staring at Tom's collection of obscene pictures on the nearby wall, "Now I get it. Now I see. Ok, so this is why you got hired. So, THAT'S you.. No wonder you seemed so familiar yesterday!"
Jizzmine blushed hot red but didn't say anything.
"Uh.. Ok.. Well, I don't see how cock riding has got anything to do with bells?" Maurica scoffed.
"Um.." Jizzmine gulped, glancing at the security camera again, "Because.. This.. Fake.. Tit.. Fake titted.. Exhibit.. Exhibitionist.. Slut.. Loves riding co.. Cock.. Reverse Cowgirl.. Facing outwards.. So.. With bell.. Bells.. I can.. Sig.. Signal.. To other.. Co.. Cocks.."
"Yeah.. Ok.. I'm sure you do.. Anyway, I don't care if you're fucking the boss. He told me to train you today, and some of us actually have to work for a living instead of just using our bodies," Maurica said, "So until he tells me otherwise, you're not going to get any special privileges. You understand?"
"Yes, ma'am.." Jizzmine responded, head-bowed, even though Maurica thought she saw the slightest hint of a glare.
Peering at the blonde whore's nicely clean shaven pussy, Maurica asked curiously, "So you're married? This is your wedding ring?"
Jizzmine swallowed again before responding softly, "Jas.. Jasmine.. is a.. Cheat.. Cheating.. Marr.. Married.. Whor.. Whore.."
"Who's Jasmine?" Maurica asked, confused, "Wait, so that really is your wedding ring?"
"Uh.. Because.. Because.. This.. Horn.. Horny.. Adult.. Adulterous.. Married whor.. Whore.. Got lazy.. Lazy to remove.. My wedd.. Wedding ring.. When.. I.. When I.. Che.. Cheat.. On my.. My husband.. Daily.. So.. I deci.. Decided.. To attach.. Attach it to.. My.. My.. Cli.. Clitty.." the ditzy blonde responded, sounding brainless, even though her blush was now deep red and spreading all over her tanned body.
"Alright.." Maurica responded, half-dismissively, half-amused, "Ok, well, we're on a schedule. You can grab an outfit from the closet. I have your nametag with me."
Jizzmine mumbled something inaudible, and didn't move from her shameless exhibitionistic position at all. Her hands remained on the back of her head, her tanned thighs spread more than a foot-and-a-half wide.
"Huh? What did you say?" Maurica asked.
"Please.. Ma'am.. Can.. Can I work.. Can I train.. Nak.. Na.. Naked?" Jizzmine whispered, barely audible.
"Are you serious?" Maurica asked, astounded.
"Yes.. Please.. I need.. I need to.. I mean.. I want.. To.. Urm.. I want to.. Air piercings.. Yes.. Because of the piercings.. I like.. Working nak.. Naked.." even with her nice golden brown all-over tan, Jizzmine's blush was patently obvious.
"I don't.. I think you shouldn't. I mean, this is an office. There'll be people around, even though it's a Saturday," Maurica said quizzically.
"Please.. I want to.. Work.. Na.. Nak.. Naked.. Please.. I need to.. Work.. Nak.. Naked.." Jizzmine stammered, looking like she was close to tears as she glanced toward the security camera again.
"Wow.. I don't know.. I don't think it's right." Maurica responded.
The huge titted naked blonde immediately dropped to her knees, her bouncy silicone-enhanced melons jiggling energetically. Of course, this meant that her nipple jewellery tinkled loudly again, as though she was proudly showing her decorations off!
"Please ma'am.. I can't.. I mean.. I need.. I mean.. I need to.." Jizzmine begged.
"But what happens if someone sees you?" Maurica asked, frowning.
"Urm.. I don't like to.. Wear.. Wear clothe.. Clothes.. Please.. I want.. Want to be.. Na.. Naked.. Please ma'am.. Let me work nak.. Naked.." she was grovelling pathetically at Marica's feet now.
"I mean, we'll be spending some time outdoors as well, so are you sure? Are you that shameless? Do you enjoy showing everything off so much?" Maurica said scornfully.
"Yes.. Yes ma'am.. I love.. I love show.. Showing off.." Jizzmine trailed off, before continuing, "I love.. Letting people.. Letting people see me.. Me.. Nak.. Naked.. Please.. Please ma'am.. Let me work.. Na.. Naked.."
"You know what? Fine. Do that. But it's on you, and you better explain to anyone if they ask," Maurica said with a sigh.
"Yes, please.. Thank.. Thank you.. Ma'am.. Thank you.. I love.. I need.. I want to work nak.. Naked.. Train naked.. I want to be outside.. Na.. Naked.." Jizzmine replied, looking relieved.
Maurica couldn't believe what she had just seen, the shameless exhibitionist had not only appeared without clothes work, ready to seduce her boss, but had even proudly exposed her adulterous acts, and now seemed ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTED at being allowed to continue her training butt naked and barefoot!
"But like I said, there will be parts of the training where we need to go OUTDOORS." Maurica said derisively.
"Thank you.. Thank you.. Ma'am.. Yes.. I want.. To wor.. Work.. Nak.. Naked.. Outside.." the evenly tanned platinum blonde got to her feet.
Then, despite her deep red blush, Jizzmine placed both hands on her tight bun and spread her legs extremely wide, shamelessly exposing the entirety of her hairless nude body once again.