Since having met my boyfriend I'd discovered that I was quite an exhibitionist. The day before, I had waited until nighttime, then walked out into my backyard with no clothes on. I enjoyed myself for a while but eventually lost my nerve and went back inside. A few minutes after, I noticed the automatic sprinkler system had come on and I couldn't help imagining what it would've felt like to still be out there, getting all wet.
The next day I walked out into the backyard at night, wearing no clothing at all, the sprinkler system for watering the grass was already running. I had originally intended to go out a few minutes earlier to be caught out in the middle of the yard, but I'd missed that opportunity. I wasn't about to start putting this off until next night though.
I was already partially erect, the exhibitionist in me was relishing the act of being so completely naked in a semi public space. That, and I was quite excited with the idea of what I was about to do. I took a breath and stepped out onto the lawn, it was damp with little beads of water. There were four (maybe six?) sprinkler heads around the edges of the yard. The spray of water was clear to see coming out of the sprinklers, but it quickly vanished into the night air, only reappearing when it passed through the moonlight shining in through gaps in the tree line.
I walked out into the center of the lawn and there was nothing there. The sprinklers were on, I could hear them, but none were facing me yet. There was a delicious few seconds of anticipation, I scanned the active sprinklers, trying to discern the directions they faced so that I might predict which one would spray me first.
Then to my right side, drops of water were falling onto my shoulder, arm and back. It was the very edge of a sprinkler's reach, so I hadn't gotten very wet from it. I noticed the direction of one of the sprinklers a moment later, it was about to face where I was standing! The moonlight illuminated the arc of the water well, and I positioned myself to best receive it. The stream began sweeping past where I stood, greeting me with a smattering of drops which quickly gave way to a more firm spray of water.
The pressure of the water hitting my exposed body was so exciting! It felt both gentle and firm in all the right ways, showering down onto my bare chest. The water was cool as well, enough to feel, but not so cold that my warmth did not return when the spray had left me. And oh boy did my warmth return, my hands rubbed themselves over my chest and stomach almost of their own accord.
My penis had hardened up nicely in response to the whole experience and one of my hands reached down to attend to it. I rubbed my hand along the length, eliciting a wonderful feeling of perversion. If someone was to look over the fence, there would be no hiding what was going on, I was masturbating completely naked in my backyard! A different sprinkler surprised me with a splash of water on my back, the cool liquid making me jump and shiver before my attention returned to my libido. Another spray of water followed a few seconds later, wetting my chest and thighs, the droplets touching and patting my bare skin, spending its last moments on my arm before vanishing into the night air.
I realized that the distraction between my legs drew my attention away from the sprinklers, I was no longer carefully observing the yard for the direction of their spray. I would have little warning about any streams of water approaching me. In fact, I wanted the sprinklers to surprise me! I wanted them to sneak up on me, standing naked in my backyard at night. To spray me without warning, the firm touches of the water droplets exploring my naked body, only to vanish seconds later, leaving me wet and craving for another.
I waited with baited breath for the next stream of water to catch me unaware and firmly tap and touch wherever it pleased. There was a strange gurgling sound and the sprinklers died out a moment later. I stood there missing their absence, the yard had gone quiet without their constant hiss. Perhaps the system had finished with its cycle and retired for the night.
When I had just begun to think my adventure was over, there was more gurgling and hissing sounds in the yard, I waited a moment, wanting to see what was about to happen. There were water gurgling sounds at my feet too, was there a sprinkler there? What would happen if it turned on? Would it spray in one direction sweeping back and forth? Or maybe shoot out in all directions, showering the yard with water.
I didn't have to wait long for my answers, the sprinkler at my feet jumped to life and began spraying out a narrow jet like the others before it. There were another set of sprinklers around the outside edges of the yard in different positions this time. The one at my feet, in the center of the yard was not facing me, yet. It spun slowly, swiveling to water more of the lawn. Eventually it would reach me and douse me with its spray no matter where I stood! An exciting thought for sure, but there would be some time before that happened. I was also standing quite close to it, the spray would only catch my lower legs and probably be much harsher with less distinct drops of water hitting me.
I took a moment to explore the yard a little more, wandering through the wet grass, trying to determine which direction the outer sprinklers were facing. Of course I still wanted to get caught unawares by them, but even actively looking for them in an effort to anticipate was difficult. I misjudged one of them quite badly and got sprayed really good! The water landing square on my back, I turned quickly from the surprise and the droplets the fell on my front instead.
I was getting nice and wet, my hands ran themselves over my chest and my nipples had hardened quite a bit from the cool temperature. I ran my fingertips over them, playing and rubbing on them, enjoying the little jolts of pleasure they brought me. I was interrupted by another sprinkler, the fan of water droplets sweeping over my body once more. They just kept sneaking up on me!
I took a moment to look to the center sprinkler, it was illuminated quite well by the moonlight and I could see the direction it was facing. It wouldn't be much longer before it reached me so I positioned myself a good distance away from it, so the full arc of water would splash down onto me. I found an excellent spot that was near two other sprinklers along the fence. Now all that was left to do was wait.
I stared at the sprinkler in the middle of the yard, its stream slowly crept around the yard, I was feeling a wonderful nervous anticipation, I really was just going to stand there and let the sprinklers spray me with water! I started touching myself again, one hand playing with my nipples while the other tended to my cock. A spray of water from one of the outer sprinklers caught me from behind, showering my back in little cool droplets that made me shiver. As it moved on, I turned around just in time for the other one to catch me, spraying my stomach and between my legs, wetting me down there. I glanced back to the center sprinkler and it was nearly to me, but would it reach me before the other two returned?
It was so dark along the edges of the fence, I had no moonlight to see the two outer sprinklers I was standing in front of. I didn't know which one of them would get me next, the three of them almost surrounded me. The center sprinkler crept ever closer to me, I could've moved out of the way, I could've just ran back inside and saved myself from the sprinklers. But I didn't, my legs were stuck, my body wouldn't move out of the way, paralyzed with sexual arousal and nervous anticipation. Watching as my fate approached me.
Then it reached me, the center sprinkler began its sweep across my horny, nude body. I was a bit closer to it than I'd thought, so the stream hit me with more force than the others before it, spraying my chest and face thoroughly. I averted my face and my arms tried to shield me from the spray but I kept them at my sides, wanting to feel the forceful touch of the water on me, the spray patting and touching my body. The sprinkler moved on and the intense sensation was over.
My hands resumed their work at my erogenous zones, rubbing and playing with my nipples, reaching down towards my manhood but interrupted by one of the two edge sprinklers. It'd snuck up on me and pelted my warm back with its tantalizing spray, making me jump and shiver once more. I turned around to face it but it had gone, moments later however, I felt the telltale sign of the other one. Sparse little drops of water landing on my arm and chest that soon gave way to the wonderful spray of the sprinkler. I pleasured myself through this one, jerking myself off while the sprinkler showered my naked form with its teasing touches, then disappearing into the night like the others.
By now I was quite soaked, the water ran down my body in little droplets, gently caressing my skin wherever they fell. I was trapped there, not by the door back into my house, which remained unlocked. I was trapped by my own fetishes and sexual arousal, a horny pervert standing naked in his backyard so the nighttime sprinklers could find and tease him. I looked back to the center sprinkler to see where it was now facing, to my surprise, I saw that it had begun moving back in the opposite direction! It was going to return much sooner than I had originally thought.
My night vision was starting to develop because I was able to discern the direction of one of the two edge sprinklers, it was about to hit me again! I kept rubbing and pleasing my body as the spray returned once more to my chest and stomach, the drops of water felt reminiscent of many fingers tapping, poking and stroking across my skin.
Moments later, the center sprinkler was reaching where I stood, I quickly turned to face it and was greeted once more by the forceful spray. The water felt heavy as it splattered off of my chest, my arms wanted to raise themselves and deflect the spray but I fought to keep them at my sides so that I could enjoy the delicious feelings of exposure and vulnerability that the spray brought me. I barely had a moment to recover my composure before the second edge sprinkler got my back again. I jumped and shivered not just at the temperature of the water showering down onto my back, but also at the illusion of helplessness I'd created for myself to enjoy.
My hands got back to work pleasuring me, my pace quicker than before. Excess water dripped down my body, feeling like tiny, feather light touches everywhere it ran. I greedily hoped one of the edge sprinklers would return soon, I wanted to be sprayed again so badly and the center sprinkler would not return for a while. I turned myself towards the fence, searching for the direction of either of the two sprinklers, hoping that it wouldn't be long before I got touched by them again.
I discovered one moments before it hit me, the water drops tapping and patting my chest and stomach and below, the wonderful teasing water taking the opportunity to discover and touch my nude body once more. The spray left behind so much extra water, the lovely drips flowed over my form, managing to softly caress everywhere at once as they raced down my body to the lawn. The spray didn't remain nearly as long as I'd have liked it to but I was out of time, my hands played with me so well, pleasuring me past the point of no return. Then, at night, in my backyard, naked, soaking wet, masturbating, getting sprayed by sprinklers, I came.
My body did its thing and I hunched over in bliss, my cum falling down into the lawn where I'd lose track of it. I stood still in a euphoric haze, savoring my afterglow. I hadn't realized but I'd become distracted again. Another sprinkler swept across my chest, touching me the same way as before with its cool spray of water. I gasped and shook a little, the sprinkler spray was even more intense now!
I thought about staying a while longer but I'd had enough, I was starting to shiver and my toes were cold. I turned back towards the house and moved briskly across the wet lawn, being sprayed a few times on my way back gave me quite a thrill. I returned to my house without incident and took a nice warm shower before going to sleep.