"Who are you, fucking Caligula?" I asked him, pissed as hell.
"No, babe, I just thought it might spice things up. You know we're pretty rigid when it comes to sex. You lie on your back, I stimulate your clit, then I climb aboard and that's it."
"What more do you want, Evan? We make love like most married couples do."
"Yes, I know, but, Chrissy, I'll bet your imagination comes up with all sorts of things when you fire up the vibrator."
He was right but in the face of his debauched suggestion I wasn't going to give him the pleasure of being right. My fantasies were mine.
"I know you, Chrissy. I'll bet when you're in fantasy land you do what you're told. Am I right?"
He was, again, right but to me it was just a fantasy. Married sex was supposed to be different.
"Dave told me about when you guys dated in college, the four-way you had with his roommate and two other dorm guys?"
"Asshole, he promised never to tell anyone about that." I was angry and embarrassed but a little titillated all at the same time. Even so, I was a married woman and he should never have said anything to Evan. I'd never do it again. I was young.
To be honest with myself I'd fantasized about it more than once when I was masturbating.
"Dave has a big mouth."
"Did you like it?" He asked.
"I don't remember. It was a long time ago," I said hoping to lie my way out of the conversation.
"I think you did. Did they all fuck you?"
"Evan!!"
"Well, I think they did and privately you liked it. And if you did then why is my suggestion so weird? It could really broaden our sex life. More fun for both of us."
"You're a pervert. Why would you ask your wife to be a sex toy for friends and possibly total strangers if you weren't a pervert?"
"Because...I think you're my little closet submissive. Look, I love you like crazy but I think you'd really enjoy yourself and I'd be turned on watching. Besides, you always tell me how attractive you think Bill is and he'll be there."
"Pervert!"
"One of the other wives already said yes."
"What? You're making that up. Who?"
"Janey."
***
I remembered the four-way very well but that was a time when I was still experimenting and everything was new. I did a LOT of things. I was 19 for fuck's sake. But I felt I had to grow up and be an adult.
After our conversation I went in the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. I wasn't a raving beauty but I was certainly pretty; 5'4", short black bobbed hair and blue eyes. I always knew I had a beautiful body. Everything was in the right place and the looks from men confirmed that.
In daily life I saw myself as an attractive married woman, definitely not a sex toy. I started to think about how I presented myself in my fantasies and the more I looked the more I realized that Evan was right, I did what I was told and I loved it. Just the thought of it got me wet.
In nearly all of my fantasies I was used by my partner or, I had to admit, multiple partners. But isn't that the kind of thing that all people do in fantasies? That doesn't mean you run out and start fucking everything in sight.
That's why they're called fantasies.
I was mad that Evan had pulled back the curtain on my sex drive, even a little bit. I thought a lot about that four-way. I orgasmed at least twice that I can remember. Their 19 year old cocks were at their peak, hard as a rock and able to shoot a stream of cum five feet. I had a lot of sex in college, especially after that got around and even though I asked Dave not to talk about it.
Maybe he told Evan because he figured that the statute of limitations had expired.
I went for a walk and called Dave.
"Hey, darlin'," he said, chipper and cheery, "to what do I owe this call?"
"You told Evan about the four-way. Why'd you do that?"
"Well actually I didn't start it. Steve was with us at the bar and he brought it up because he thought Evan knew and we were talking about some group action and assumed you'd be in. Then he turned to me for the details and...well...I might have talked too much. Sorry."
"You should be. Now Evan wants me to do it."
"Well don't you want to do it? Sort of a reunion with the boys and I'll bet Evan's getting a hard one just thinking about it."
"We were 19, Dave, what the fuck?"
"You liked it then and I bet you'll like it now. As I recall you let us do whatever we wanted and you sure seemed to be happy. I know we were."
I just hung up the phone. I couldn't talk about it anymore.
***
The next morning while showering I let my lusty thoughts loose and remembered the four-way and how they each pinned my wrists to the wall while they took turns fucking me. While the memories flooded back I started fingering my pussy. I'd forgotten how great it felt to give myself up to them. They fucked me for the longest time and I urged them to fuck me more but I'd worn them out. When I climaxed in the shower I got a little too vocal and Evan knocked on the door, "Are you alright?"
"I'm fine, just dropped the soap," I covered.
I let the water massage my cunt and at that moment I thought back to what really sent my pussy over the edge that day and every other time...their intense eyes. They desired me so completely I felt swallowed up by their lust. I loved them fucking me but I may have been even more excited about how they looked at me.
I liked being watched while being used.
I saved it for my fantasies and filed it away when I got married. I thought that only a slut would have those kinds of nasty thoughts so I'd kept it to myself and away from my husband...until now.
He'd seen through the facade and Dave's retelling simply cemented what he suspected and now he and his friends wanted to take me and apparently Janey, dogging.
Dogging was a version of public sex that was catching on locally at a couple of parks. Exhibitionists would drive to a well known area of the park, turn off the car, flip on the dome light (a signal to random men) and have some sort of sex for the voyeurs jerking off outside the car. When it was over the light went off and the exhibitionists drove home.
Unless...
Unless one of the 'entertainers' opened the door, a signal that they were inviting some of the voyeurs in for a blowjob or to fuck the wife or girlfriend.
It was the very definition of debauched but when I read about it online I got hotter than a campfire and jerked myself to glory. I imagined it was me in the middle of the park and now my own husband wanted to take me there to watch.
Maybe he'd gone there as a voyeur, I didn't know.
I had thought that settling down would mean putting away those urges but I was wrong. Even before I talked about it again with Evan I was craving the idea.
This conversation not only revealed my fetishes to Evan but revealed his dirty little mind to me. Were we just playing at being a conservative married couple? Apparently so. Now we'd have to talk about it seriously.
I asked him to sit down at the table.
"It seems that after five years of marriage there are sexual things we've kept from one another and I don't think that's healthy. At the least it's frustrating having to hide things from the one person you supposedly can confide in."
"I agree."
"Do you? When we met and fell in love I thought you wanted a normal girl and I've tried to be that for you but that's not the complete me. That's the role I've played for you and then when I'd masturbate I let my submissive slut out of its hiding place. I've hidden it but you seem to have figured it out anyway."
"Chrissy, I'm not that intuitive. A couple weeks ago at the bar Steve got fairly drunk and told me a lot about your sex life in college and after graduation. He admitted to fucking you many times over the years. And then Dave chimed in and then Bill with story after story. On more than one occasion Bill said you were the featured 'entertainment' at his frat house parties."
"So what did you think of me after hearing all that?"
"Initially I was kinda shocked but with each story, and believe me they couldn't stop, I got hornier and hornier. One of my fantasies was always to share my wife with a group of men and come to find out I was married to a full throttle submissive and didn't even know it."
"So you really want to take me dogging?"
"Ya baby, the guys will be there to make it more comfortable the first time."
"What if strangers want more than just to watch?"
"That's up to you. You can have as much cock as you want. I'll just enjoy the show."
"Evan, this is bizarre talking like this. For me it's like waking up from a coma. I'm very excited."
"Me too. Now after all this talk I need some pussy so strip for me and then spread your legs."
I happily obeyed.
***
I called Janey to ask if she was really going to do this and her ambivalence made me think I was the only one of the wives who said yes.
"Evan said you were in."
"Ahhh, I don't know. I mean, having sex in public is really not my thing. I mean, I could do it but I'm definitely not into having some strangers groping me. The whole thing is a little gross in my opinion. How about you?"
"I'm gonna do it. In fact, I'm looking forward to it."
"Chrissy, why? I never would've guessed you for dogging."
"Deep inside me there's a submissive slut being held hostage and both Evan and I want to let her out."
Janey laughed although it was nervous laughter.
"Well maybe I should rethink this thing. I mean, if you're doing it maybe I should too."
***
As it turned out none of the wives took their husbands up on their offer so, of course, that meant the men couldn't go either. So Evan and I decided to go it alone. It was a little risky but he wanted me to go and, frankly, it didn't take me long to say yes.
We planned on Saturday and I got all tarted up like a good little slut. Bare shoulder mostly unbuttoned white blouse, black bra, deep purple micro-mini skirt, black stockings and, of course, the regulation black heels. I was slutacular.
As we got in the car, another car pulled into our driveway. Dave hopped out, "Janey was worried about Chrissy so if you need me to ride shotgun I'm available."
Evan welcomed him aboard and suggested that he drive so Evan and I could have sex in the back seat. "By the way, Chrissy, you look incredibly hot," said a slightly distracted Dave.
"Thank you, Dave," I said, intentionally sexy.
When we got to the park we drove to a heavily wooded area and turned off the car. Looking around you could make out the shadows of a few other cars so we were definitely not alone.
Dave kept looking at me in the mirror and there was no disguising what he was thinking.
"Are we ready?" asked Evan. "Remember, once you suck me off for their jerking pleasure and the show's over then it's up to you what happens next. If you open the door that's an invitation to touch you and whatever else. Otherwise, we just go home."
Evan had already pulled his half erect cock out and was stroking it. He then reached up and flipped on the dome light, "It's showtime, baby."
I went down on him with a vengeance. Knowing that men had surrounded the car and were getting off made me suck his cock like a command performance. I licked his shaft and while looking up I could see their faces and hands on the windows. I got so fucking wet it was unbelievable. I wanted Evan to fuck me sooo bad but I stuck to the script.
"Oh, babe, you never gave me head like this before."
I popped his knob out of my lips, "Let's just say that I'm inspired."
I looked at Dave's eyes in the mirror as he adjusted it for a better view. He was clearly jerking himself. I looked at him and teasingly ran my tongue in a circular motion around my heavy red lipstick and somehow it triggered an orgasm and my body shuddered. He smiled.
Going back to servicing Evan I went right down to the hilt and he moaned, "Oh fuuuuccckkk, Chrissy!" As I continued to stroke Evan I looked up at the men on my right window and I parted my legs and ran my fingers over my now sopping wet panties. They went crazy and jostled for position.
"Are you cumming, baby?" I asked Evan, still stroking his cock. He replied, "I don't want to cum yet if you might want to do one of them. Kiss me first if you do."
I knew one thing, I needed...no...had to be fucked. I was on fire and all these men wanted me including Dave. Evan took his dick in hand and I played solely to my admirers. I'd forgotten how much I enjoyed this.
I reached over and kissed Evan.
I opened the door slightly, across from my husband, and pointed to one guy who had both hands on the window. I sat waiting for him and when he opened it the rest of the way he was stroking his dick and moved in beside me. Nothing was said as he unbuttoned my blouse the rest of the way and took my bra straps down revealing my tits which he commenced to fondling while I jerked him. He leaned in and kissed me and bit my nipples. I'd never felt my nipples that taut and hard before.
He was probably 20 years older and intent on my pussy.
I looked over at Evan who was jerking wildly and he nodded to me. I let the man pull off my panties. He pulled me towards the door, my back on the seat, and stepped out of the car, lining up his cock to my opening and stuck it in the soft, wet fold of my juicy cunt. He was decently well hung and I felt that desperate lusty fuck I loved so much.
I came easily and I knew he wouldn't be far behind me. Sooner than later he pulled out and sent a stream of cum over my tits. He pulled up his pants and stepped out of the way making room for the next guy who was much closer to my age.
In the midst of the first guy leaving I turned back to Evan and, stroking his dick, asked him if he was good. "Better than good. I am so excited right now."
Younger dude wanted me to blow him before he fucked me. None of this was said. Body language said it all. I worked his shaft but good until he said "Turn over I want to fuck you doggy."
He laid into me with heavy rapid fire, his cock operating like a piston. Facing Evan I managed to take Evan's dick in my mouth while they spit-roasted me.
His cum climbed up my back and he was gone, replaced by another sex depraved dogger desperate for some premium pussy. It was so wrong and yet so right. I was the pussy that lit up their dreams. The dirty talk was rampant and, in truth, I was their ever so willing bitch. I was covered in cum from head to toe.
I thought that we had exhausted the many cocks that waited so patiently to take me but then there was another..
Dave.
I was the girl they all wanted to fuck in college but, as life moved on, Dave never stopped wanting me, even when he married Janey. And tonight proved he still couldn't let it go. He got out of the car and waited for his turn to have me and then, in front of my husband, his friend, Dave gave me a passionate fuck like I'd never experienced.
I came again, Evan ejaculated at the sight of Dave working me over and Dave came with the roar of a lion, grabbing my hair, forcing his load into my mouth with the words, "Swallow it, Chrissy."
The whole experience was so overwhelming that no one spoke on the ride home.
***
For the next couple days I could see Evan recalculating our relationship. He had encouraged me to let the genie out of the bottle and once the dirty girl was out he had to reorganize his head.
Evan had long known that Dave and I had sex in college but the spectacle of me fucking all those men and finishing by doing his best friend right in front of him tripped one of his breakers.
He couldn't look at me the same way, so during this process I would catch him just staring.
As for Dave, he started sending me sexy texts asking for more fucking on the sly. 'I've missed that, baby doll. The best fuck ever and I want more. Evan and Janey don't need to know.'
I badly wanted to meet him but held off for Janey's sake, settling for occasional sexting.
Then Janey called me. When I saw it on the caller ID I thought it was about Dave but turned out to be curiosity.
"Chrissy, I can't believe you did it but Dave told me about you and all the men. Did you really have sex with all of them?"
"Well, better put, they used my sex for their pleasure. Don't get me wrong, I came over and over but in the end I was covered with their cum and they went off into the night."
"Oh my god, didn't you feel like a slut?"
"Janey, I AM a slut and it totally gets me off. I've kept it buried somewhere but now I feel liberated."
It dawned on me that in the retelling Dave left out the fact that he fucked me too.
"Dave says I'm too uptight about sex and I need to be more like you but I don't know."
"Janey, you should be who you are."
"He said I need to be more adventurous so I want to ask you a favor. Will you take me dogging with you. You know, just you and me. For my first time I'd feel more comfortable with you than Dave."
"Ahhhhhh, are you sure?"
"I have to at least try it and you've been there so you know how it works and if I get scared you can drive us out of there. How about it?"
"Ahhhhhh, I...guess so. They want a show to draw an audience so we either go girl on girl or just masturbate for them."
"Let's just masturbate. I do it all the time anyway. Somebody might as well enjoy it with me."
We both laughed at that one.
"When do you want to go?" she asked like we were going shopping or something.
"How about tomorrow night and I can tell Evan we're going out for cocktails. Girl's night out. Oh, and dress slutty."
***
The next night when I picked her up, besides a little wine lubricated, she came out to the car looking incredible. Sheer white top over a red lace bra, ponytail tail off to one side, short skirt with a slit, fishnet stockings and heels.
"God, Janey, now I wanna fuck you."
"Play your cards right and I'll consider it. Dave went out so I had some privacy to put it together."
"I can tell you right now we'll get plenty of attention."
I pulled into the same area we'd been in before and there were roughly the same number of cars, at least what I could see under the glow of a half moon.
"I suggest that I get in the back seat and you take the front, that is if we decide to let any of them in to touch us."
"Okay," she said, sounding very unsure about what was about to happen.
"Just let yourself go and see where it takes you. It's just instinct. Let your pussy be your guide. If it feels good don't stop."
"Okay," she said meekly.
"Remember, when I flash the dome light it's showtime and if you open the door that's a formal invitation you're giving to the voyeurs."
I climbed over the driver's seat and into the back. "I can keep an eye on you from here. Relax and have fun."
I reached up and turned the light on and within a few minutes the men began to surround the car. Meanwhile, we had hiked up our skirts and were busy manipulating our genitalia and fantasizing about the men who wished they could fuck us.
"How are you, Janey?"
"Oh fuck, I'm so turned on right now. I never guessed it would be like this."
I took off my panties and flashed my pussy for the voyeurs. When I slipped them off their frantic jerking got more intense. One man, next to my head, kept saying through the glass, "I wanna fuck you. I've got eight inches for you, slut." We both got lost in the lust, making them drool over us. Janey was panting so hard I thought she'd pass out.
"I can't believe how horny I am right now," she said, barely able to get the words out. "Oh fuck I'm cumming..."
"Let it go, girl," I said, "they'll want to fuck you even more."
"Uhnnnnnnnnnn, shit ya, uhnnnnnnahhhhhhh!!!!"
Janey's orgasm had them shouting dirty encouragement for more. I ran my hands over my inner thigh and looking up one of the men flicked his tongue against the glass promising to eat me out. It was so crude, even a little creepy but I wanted it.
Before I could explain, Janey changed the game intensity by lowering the window. I forgot to mention that rolling down the windows meant they could reach in. Whatever the meaning she had exposed herself to the ravenous group and they were groping her tits and eventually pulled off her top and bra.
"Mmmmmm, baby, uhnnn..."
One man pushed his cock in the open window and she surprised me when, without hesitation, she took his excited shaft in her mouth. Another reached in to the car finding her wet spot and fingering her. "C'mon, open the door," he begged her, "You know you want it. You're wet and ready."
I was so transfixed by Janey's willingness that I temporarily forgot that I was the other willing pussy in the car. My snatch was heating up, with the voyeurs and watching Janey sucking cock. I knew I wouldn't be leaving the park without taking four or five cockloads of cream. I got completely naked except for my stockings and heels, both legs in the air and stroking my electric cunt. Then I took down the window.
One of the voyeurs, unannounced, let loose a stream of spunk that hit the side of my face. My tongue and forefinger tidied me up but I knew there'd be more. There was a swarm now as word passed that we were open for some action.
I sat in the middle of the seat so I could entertain from both windows. They played with my tits from either side, groaning like animals. I wanted what they wanted...use me any way they wished.
An attractive black man on my left looked at me with such lust, tingling ran down my spine. Make no mistake I wanted the luscious cock he held in his hand to find my wet hole.
"You want this don't you?" he asked knowingly.
I nodded and opened the door to him.
"That's a good girl," he purred and slid in beside me and went right after my eager pussy with his tongue. Oh god, it felt so good to be eaten like that. A huge orgasm was building in my body.
"Fuck me," I said. I wanted his cock in me when I came.
He sat back in the seat inviting me to mount his pole so I climbed onto him and guided his shaft into my pink pleasure. Once inside I moaned with how amazing he felt and it didn't even matter when he would bounce me and my head would glance off the interior roof.
"Let's go outside and play," he said and without warning he scooped me up in his arms, took me around to the front of the car.
"Put your hands on the hood," he commanded.
He was in me immediately and picked up right where we left off. "Uhnnnn, drill me, baby!" I screamed.
I looked at Janey, still in the car sucking dick and getting felt up. She took my blissful expression to mean 'get out of the car and join me'.
As soon as she got out and slapped her hands on the hood and spread her legs they were into her. We looked at each other, reviling in the sensual depravity of it all.
"I love it, Chrissy. I'm cumming again...uhnnnnnnnnnn." She reached over and took my hand as guy after guy fucked us and either picked a favorite spot to unload or left a creampie. I'd been creampied so many times it got pushed out and down my thighs when a new guy penetrated me.
We were a cum covered mess after taking on about 10 or 12 cocks for the evening. My handsome black friend even came back for seconds (as did some of the others) and asked me when we might be coming back.
"Don't know but I'll be looking for you," I said.
***
On the way home, Janey was worried that she'd become some sort of twisted pervert. "I didn't want to like it so much. I thought I'd get a buzz off the attention and that would be it but if you decided to go back right now I wouldn't stop you. I feel like a dirty slut. I let complete strangers fuck me tonight."
"It reminds me," I told her, "of when I used to fuck all the frat guys at their parties. It's why they invited me. They knew I'd put out. I guess I was a slut even back then. I've kept it in storage for far too long."
"Should I tell Dave about tonight?" she asked while pulling pieces of cum from her hair.
"Absolutely, it's what he and the boys wanted isn't it?"