"I think maybe we should do this again next month."
Ally was right. It was something that both of us enjoyed for weeks after each time she danced at Naturals. Each time followed the blueprint of the first, with the exception that I didn't go inside after dropping Ally off. And, most of the time, she came back with the underwear she had worn to Naturals.
A few of the highlights of the stories she told me at that time:
"I'm finding I like to pull my panties up real tight in the front and back when that's all I have on. I know from gymnastics that my legs look longer that way but what I really like is the way the gusset rubs my clit as I pull them around while I dance. I was able to cum right in front of everyone tonight! I'm sure a few people could tell. I got my best tips ever after that dance. And an older man bought my panties for $60!! They were soaked."
"Tonight there was a guy there who talked to the girls as they danced for him. I say danced for him because all of us spent more time in front of him than anyone. He was throwing out five and ten dollar bills like they were ones. He wanted me to put a finger inside myself. I knew it was against the rules so I told him so. He asked if it wasn't against the rules if I would. When I said probably, he said, 'Yes or No?' I told him yes and he threw me a twenty. God! That made me hot."
"Remember Rayanne? She was that redheaded girl who is in my psychology class too? That guy she started dating after Cal's party we invited her to? He came in tonight. He made a scene and the bouncers had to take him outside. She said he really changed after she told him she danced there for a job. He acted like he owned her or something. I love that you don't have that problem."
"My last set tonight I didn't even wait for the first song to end before I was naked. It felt so nasty to stand around with nothing on inbetween songs. Everyone else is dressed. The men never stop looking at me. On the last song I spread my legs real wide for each guy at the stage. I know they could see how wet I was! You'd better fuck me good tonight. I need it!"
Things seemed to be getting hotter and hotter for Ally and I that summer. She was making so much in tips that she really wanted to take us to Hawaii but I told her she should get her own car instead. I wasn't sure how long my car was going to keep going and I wasn't making near the disposable money she did. I had driven my car in my wetsuit so often that if I lifted up the foot I had on the gas pedal, there was a hole in the floor of the car I could see the road going by. The salt water had eaten right through.
She got herself a yellow VW Bug. She looked so cute in it. I loved to go riding in it with her. On the few occasions I drove it without her I loved that I could still smell her scent in the car as I drove around. Unlike my car that smelled like seaweed and rotting fish.
The inevitable happened at the beginning of the next school year. My car died one week on a Tuesday. Ally was planning on going to Naturals the next night. On Wednesday afternoon the guy that had been working on my cars since my first one, a friend who charged me a six pack of Bud for labor, said he would need my help for a couple of things that night. I told Ally.
"That's OK, I'll drive myself," she said as she was getting ready at my place. She had almost moved in with Pete and I over the summer, spending more time by far with us than at her parent's house where she officially lived.
"Are you sure? I don't know if I'll even be able to pick you up after. It didn't sound like this was going to be a quick fix. You know Dean has a full time job and has to sleep too. He's got a kid now." My friend had gotten his girlfriend pregnant and done the honorable thing and married her. They were struggling but he had told me that my nights with him were now the only times he could be himself. The 'money I didn't pay him was worth every penny' was the way he put it. I didn't want to let him down either.
"It's OK, don't worry. Remember the bouncers always look out for us. I'll have someone to walk me to my car after." Ally continued to work on her hair and seemed to be very comfortable with the change. "I might even get better tips if I don't show up smelling like old fish," she teased looking at me and scrunching up her pretty little nose. I could only smile.
There was no incident that night and so the next few times Ally decided to do a night at Naturals the decision as to how she was going to get there and back wasn't really discussed. She began to take herself to and from while I most often lay and imagined what was happening as I always had. Now it was just a little longer wait.
Until one night it was much longer. She had called me before midnight. She still worked Barbara's schedule until 1am but she said a few of the girls were going to Sheldon's restaurant after and have some pie and hot chocolate. "You know. Girl time." Is the way she put it.
"Well, OK." I mean, what else could I say? "But you are still coming by after?" I hated the way I sounded so needy but by this time I had been used to her coming in hot as a fire cracker and really loved the reunion.
"Of course. My parents would wonder what happened if I went to the house this late. They know I spend most of my night with you." She reassured me.
So, for the first time since she had been dancing at Naturals, she didn't come home to me immediately. And for the first time since she had been dancing, I fell asleep.
I woke from a dream, I thought, of getting one of Ally's great blowjobs. When I finally became conscious enough to know where I was and what was going on I found Ally under the covers with her mouth wrapped around my cock which had now gotten hard enough she had to raise up. This created a mound above my crotch that was going up and down. I quickly pulled the covers off of me exposing her with my dick in her mouth.
She didn't stop but the grin on her face with my cock in her mouth was so big I could see her teeth and she didn't go near as far down as she had been. "Hki koney!" she said with my cock still in her mouth, the head of it distorting her words. "Ki kof lish ik olk," (I hope this is OK) she said around my dick. I loved the vibrations and told her so.
That got me a big smile again and she began to sing one of her favorite songs while still keeping her mouth on me. It was so nasty seeing, hearing, and feeling what was happening to me I had to say, "Careful, I'm about to cum!"
She instantly pulled off me and sat up saying, "Not until you have fucked me good you are not!" I had no problem with that.
Over time she became friends with a couple of other girls who worked there and went to school as well. They came over on occasion to parties we had, or would come to parties we knew about. Only once do I remember going to a party that one of the girls from Naturals invited us to during this time. It was a small dinner party with just two other couples, all school friends.
Most of the parties they came to were at the beach or were the more wild parties that we attended. The Halloween party was always a shoe-in. I, and most of my close guy friends, were aware of the slightly more casual, more slutty, dress of these girls at the parties. The bikinis were always a bit smaller. The costumes were always a bit sexier. They were more comfortable with their bodies than the majority of the college girls. And it showed.
Ally was getting that way too. I was trying really hard to catch up with her on her new found freedom- it was very hot- but my old Baptist upbringing was still lurking in my head. More often than even six months before I found myself saying, "Do you think that's OK?" And then hating the way I sounded, even to myself, when she would look questioning at me.
Then came her twenty first birthday. Most of the time Ally didn't drink much even though it was always available around the house and definitely at parties we went to. With the pressure of her 'friends' on her twenty first birthday she had started drinking at 1pm during a lunch that some of the dancers from Naturals had for her. Being a Friday most of them couldn't go to the party that was for her and three other people that had birthdays that week that we knew. We partied with all of them regularly and one of them had a nice house that we attended parties at a couple times a year.
Her father had called me at three o'clock and said I should come pick Ally up to take her to her party. This surprised me as I was expecting her to come to my place.
"I don't think she should be driving," he said with a chuckle in his voice, "Some other girls came by a few minutes ago and dropped her off. One of them was driving. I can see why. At least they are being responsible. You do the same tonight." His warning was said lightly. He knew by this time that, in general, we both were "good kids." At least when it came to driving under the influence. And he had an understanding of what is, in the USA, a rite of passage at twenty-one.
When I met Ally at the door she looked gorgeous to me. She had on a skin tight red top with a scoop neck that had a white lace trim and a short white skirt that was pleated. I imagined she had worn this skirt to be able to dance but also because leaving from her parents house she couldn't dress as slutty as she did when she left from mine. I was happy about this since we were going to be at a party with friends whom we had known before Ally started her monthly times at Naturals. Very few knew she was occasionally almost the headliner there once a month.
We had gone to dinner before the party and I had kept Ally from drinking, other than her free birthday drink, so she might be able to dance, talk, and remember her night. She seemed to sober up some and as we ate became her normal flirty self.
"Should I take my panties off tonight?" she asked with a smile as she sipped her drink. "If I do, how about I take them off right here and hand them to you? Sort of a present for you on my birthday. I remember you liked the ones you got on my past birthdays."
She had kept up the 'giving me a gift' on each of her birthdays. Small things. Always sexy. Or nasty at least. They had been appreciated, and fun for both of us.
"No, that's alright," I replied, "We are going to be around our older friends not a bunch of strangers. Maybe for the rest of the night we should tone things down a bit." I didn't want to have to field any more of the questions I had recently been getting from old high school friends, as well as work related people we had known since I dropped out of college.
"Aww, where's the fun in that?" she continued to tease.
I ignored this last and our meal finished. We got to the party and her reception was loud with one of the other birthday girls dragging her off as soon as we arrived. I was taken immediately into the backyard where there was a keg set up and began sipping a beer. I wasn't going to disappoint Ally's father, or myself, by becoming drunk during the evening. I was planning on being her rock as she might become a bit liquid it seemed. It was her twenty first after all.
I had been talking with friends and going from room to room for a few hours, even dancing on occasion with friend's wives and girlfriends-once with my own- when I realized I hadn't seen Ally for some time. I began to look for her after I had helped myself to a drink of water in the kitchen.
I found her in the hallway that was just outside a bathroom and led to three bedrooms. She was talking with one of her friends that had been in gymnastics with her in highschool.
"Hey! Whatcha drinkn'?" she asked on my approach. Without waiting for my answer she pulled the drink from my hand and drank down the bit of water that was left in my glass. She immediately spit it out, spraying it onto the floor and partially on my pant leg. "Yuck! Thissa party!" she admonished me.
There had been little liquid in the glass so as I took it from her and wiped my pant leg, with no result, I said, "Well I guess we don't need to call the maid for the floor cleanup, but water is good for you. How much have you drank tonight?"
"You beinaspoilsport?" she asked me, completely ignoring my question.
"No, I'm just concerned," I replied. "You know you started pretty early today."
"Ya, I know whaIdone today!" she snapped back.
Ally is in rare form tonight. I thought. So I asked, "Would you like to have another dance?" hoping to defuse the situation.
Ally looked at her friend, smirked, drank down the rest of her drink- at least half a double highball glass- then said, "Sure. I need to talk to you about some things a few of us have been discussing." (It didn't come out like that at all. She was slurring her words badly. But for this tale I'll do a translation from drunk English to plain English) She handed her empty glass off to her friend and took my hand. It was a good thing too. She immediately tripped over her own feet and almost fell on her face. I was able to keep her from face planting but she ended up with her back to the wall, legs spread wide, with one hand up holding onto mine and the other covering her mouth as she and her friend giggled like eight year olds.
At the movement people at each end of the hall looked over to see what was going on and when I looked up from her I saw two different men with eyes about popping out of their heads staring at Ally's open legs. She had kept them wide open sitting on the floor and laughing like a loon. The panty crotch had slid into her on one side so her light pubic hair was seen along with the lip of her cunt that was now not covered. I couldn't help but laugh a bit myself. Not only was it kind of funny but these guys didn't know that once a month they could easily get a view inside of the area that they were imagining right now.
I reached for her other hand and pulled her to her feet. She collapsed against me, still laughing for a moment. Then she looked me in the eyes and said, "Go into the living room. I'll be there in a minute. I need to pee."
This sounded reasonable as she had been drinking and laughing so I kissed her lightly on the lips, noticing the strong alcohol smell, and headed to the living room.
I had been in the living room for quite a while chatting to a couple of friends that were sitting on the sofa scoping out the dancers and was about to go look for Ally when she appeared in the doorway. She had a new drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other. Ally didn't smoke. She knew I didn't care for smoking and according to her she didn't either. She saw me looking at her. She must have seen the look on my face because she took a big drag and blew the smoke towards me and started walking in my direction. As she did she got the nastiest look on her face I'd ever seen and exaggerated her steps, swinging her hips like I'd never seen her do before- even at Naturals.
"Hey big boy," she slurred at me. "Want to have a good time?" Her smile expanded into her dimples but her eyes still held the nasty vibe. As she got closer I noticed she had not only gotten a drink and smoke but had taken her bra off as well. I wondered about her panties. Yes, she's in rare form tonight.
Her tight red top was very similar to her leotards she had worn for gymnastics. Skin tight and showed every bit of her body,but much more flexible. No support at all. Her nipples were so apparent she might as well have been wearing paint. Her breasts rolled on her body as she walked in the exaggerated manner. I looked down at my male friend on the sofa. He had eyes for nothing but Ally's chest. I sure couldn't blame him. She was smoking hot. But this was around all of our oldest friends. An unspoken line had just been crossed.
I took Ally's elbows and moved her onto the dance floor and tried to take the cigarette out of her hand. She dodged me, her breasts moving wildly under the top, and I gave up not wanting to make a scene. Ally smiled at that, and took another long drag blowing the smoke in my face.
Ignoring her behavior I asked, "What's up Ally?" I moved slowly to the music and lightly took a hold of her elbows again.
She smiled nastily at me again. "What's the matter little boy? Don't want to see your girlfriend go from tease to sleeze?"
Oh my god! Who is this lady? I thought. But I said, "I don't know, maybe we should talk about it first. Are you ready to go home now?"
Her face lit up and her smile went into a more cruel sneer from just plain nasty. "I think maybe we talk about things too much sometimes." She took another drag off the cigarette and blew it into my face again. "I bet I could make some money here in one of the rooms down that hall," she said, glancing at the hallway we had met in a short time ago.
I didn't know what to say to that. I was still stunned by this new girl standing in front of me so blatantly showing her sexuality in this group and willing to break with all her norms.
It didn't matter who it was, one thing I sure wasn't going to stand for was this smoke in my face. I reached out and snatched the cigarette out of her hand and crushed it immediately in my hand.
Thankfully Ally smiled at that and rubbed her hand on my chest. "OOO, I like a man who goes for what he wants," she smiled teasingly.
I was glad she hadn't thrown a fit or some other bizarre behavior but wasn't sure what to do now. I used the crushed smoke as an excuse.
"I've got to get this out of my hand. And yes, I do know what I want." I leaned in close to her and whispered in her ear. "I want you, I want to fuck you, and I want to do it in our own house soon." I pulled back and looked into her eyes. "I'll be right back. You stay here. We are leaving." I turned and walked into the kitchen where I threw the crushed cigarette into the trash and washed my hand off. I ignored the few people who were in there that said something to me but one comment I heard for sure. "What's up with Ally? She looks extra hot tonight." I still didn't turn around but it did give my lower extremity a little twitch.
Returning to the living room I saw Ally had followed directions perfectly. She was standing in the same spot I had left her. When she saw me coming back she drained her glass and held it in the air as she shouted, "This birthday girl is going home to get fucked!!" and stumbled toward me.
When she had shouted half the women in the room had cheered, a few of the men joined in, but most of the men were looking on shocked. I wasn't sure if it was the words or them now noticing how see-through Ally's top was without a bra and the way her breasts behaved with her movements. Either way I was glad to scoop her into my arms and lead her outside to the car avoiding the high fives from some of my friends and snickers from most others. Plenty of the men followed Ally's loose breasts as we walked through the house like a bouncing ball at a sing along. They did look great.
Ally passed out before we were half way home. I didn't have much trouble getting her out of the car and into our house. Thank god we had moved into a house and now were on the ground floor. I put her into my bed after stripping all her clothes off. There was very little to remove. Her panties were gone. I wonder where her underwear had ended up. I figured I might find out in the next day or so. I wondered if Ally would even remember.
Heading back to our living room I pulled out our always available try of pot and rolled a joint. I was about half through when my roommate Pete came in. He had been at the same party with us but had arrived earlier and left later.
"Hey man," he said as he took the joint from me and took a drag, settling into the cushioned chair across from the sofa I was on. He leaned forward passing it back to me, "Ally was in rare form tonight."
"I'll say. She started way too early in the day with some other girls at lunch. I had to go get her after her dad called. He said she drank too much to drive." I replied.
"Speaking of," Pete said, taking the joint back and getting a good hit as he stood, "I'm going to get some Turkey for a night cap, how about you?" He handed the joint back as he walked toward the kitchen.
"Sure, bring a couple shot glasses." I started looking through our box of paraphernalia for a roach clip. Pete came back with two shot glasses and half a quart bottle of Wild Turkey. Wild Turkey had become our 'house drink.'
Pete took the roach, now on a clip, from me as he handed me the glasses and bottle. I poured us each a shot and waved the roach off as I handed him his glass. "To better parties." I proposed the toast raising my shot slightly before drinking it down and pouring another. I drank it right down too.
Pete put his glass on the coffee table in front of me for me to refill as I poured my third one. He gave me a 'do you want one more?' look holding the roach above the ashtray. I shook my head no and picked up my shot glass as he did his. "To more women looking the way Ally did the last half hour at the party." He held his glass up looking into my eyes.
He waited while I looked off for a second before turning back and both of us downing our shots at the same time. I wasn't too sure how I felt about that but then realized that there's not any reason that the rest of the world shouldn't have as much love and fun as I have. If anything the world could surely use a lot more sharing of food, song, story, and love than the way it seems to focus on hate, war, and general destruction.
"So you noticed huh?" I inquired.
"Duh, I think any guy there that had blood pumping in his veins noticed. When she first came out of the bathroom into the hall I was at the far end. You know how everyone glances at the door to see who is coming? I saw at least three guys do a double take as she headed to the kitchen. I wouldn't say she was walking in a very ladylike manner either. Strutting and showing her stuff for sure. If everyone there didn't know her already I'm sure she would have gotten some propositions right then. I've been a bit jealous of you for a while but.." He glanced toward the hallway leading to the bedrooms. "Wow."
We sat in silence for a bit each in our own thoughts.
I was surprised when Pete said, "I turned down Tony and Barrie tonight for the room."
We had moved into this house two months ago. It was a three bedroom one bath rambler. Typical for the age and place. It was a corner lot so had a bigger backyard with two fruit trees and a double car garage across the yard. Slightly more than we can afford.
We had decided that since we'd been living as roommates for three years now, even sharing a room one year, we were OK together. Adding the right third person would be the trick. So we agreed to dip into our savings for at least six months if necessary to find the right fit. We both had to agree 100% until then.
"Thanks for telling me. I would have said the same thing. Tony is too full of himself sometimes. Barrie, well I just don't know, but Barrie has his moments. Remember in eleventh grade in the handball courts?" I knew all three of us were in the same PE class then. Everyone pretty much liked handball. It wasn't hard and you could pretty much have fun the first time you tried. Barrie didn't have the patience for someone who was on their first try. Barrie had gotten into a fight with a kid who was new to handball and his shot had hit Barrie in the leg. A little rubber ball that wouldn't hurt an elementary school kid much less a guy like Barrie.
"Yeah, what a dick." Pete replied. "We'll just have to keep trying."
As I sat back and let the Turkey take over my rational thoughts I kept going over Ally's behavior tonight and what we would say to each other tomorrow.
I needn't have worried. Ally had thought plenty about it.