He felt the warmth of her body, stretched out on top of him. His legs flexed and his erection pushed up against her belly. Her lips found his and a few tendrils of hair brushed against his nose. The scent was something floral and delicate and he flexed again.
"What would you like?" she asked softly. Her fingers stroked his cheek. He stared up at her.
"More," he said. His voice sounded creaky. He ran his hands down her back, found her hips and her ass. There was moisture dripping from the tip of his cock.
She kissed him again. "More?" she asked. "More what?" She smiled down at him.
"Just more," he croaked. "More of this."
She slipped a hand down between them and gripped him. He moaned. "I know what you want," she whispered.
"Yes," he said. "To be inside you."
She considered this, her hand holding him but not squeezing. "That will be nice," she said. "But not yet."
"Oh my God..."
"I'm going to tell you one of my stories," she said. "You know the ones I mean."
He stared up at her. "God," he said again. "You're so sexy."
"You like my stories?" she asked. She gave him a playful little squeeze.
"God yes," he said.
"What kind of stories do you like best?" she asked. She leaned down for another kiss. Her tongue darted into his mouth.
He swallowed. "The ones where..." He trailed off. "You know," he whispered.
"I think so," she said. "The ones where I'm a bad girl. A really bad girl." She leaned down for another kiss. "I'll tell you a secret," she whispered. "I like those too."
"God," he said. "Fuck me."
She squeezed him again. "We'll get there," she promised. She opened her legs around one of his thighs and rubbed slowly against it. "So let me see...." She smiled. "I know," she said. "Do you remember last year? In Greece? Our island getaway?"
"Yes," he said. "Of course."
"I was thinking about it the other day," she said. "How nice it was but how much nicer it would have been if we'd had some time on the beach together. Just the two of us. Don't you think that would be nice?"
"Fantastic," he agreed.
"So suppose... it's late in the afternoon, we're having a drink in the bar there, you in your swimming trunks and me in my swimsuit coverup and sunglasses. And I suggest we go down and lie on the sand."
"Mmm hmm," he said.
"So we go down there and the beach is totally deserted. Just us and the seagulls and the waves. And we put our towels down on the sand and you sit down and I'm standing in front of you and I pull my coverup up and over my head and that's when you realize I've left out the swimsuit part of the swimsuit coverup. The whole time, at the bar, walking down to the water, I've been almost naked. And now I am. Naked. I stretch my arms up to the sky and shake out my hair. Then I look down at you."
"God."
"You're staring up at me," she said dreamily. "And I smile at you. I can see a bulge starting up in your swim trunks."
"No shit," he said, and laughed.
"Right? But then I get down on my towel. And lie on my tummy. And open my legs just a little bit so you know what I'm thinking about... mmm. Maybe I do want you inside me." She rubbed against his thigh again, again lowered her face down to kiss him.
"Yes," he said. "Here." He started to move his hips, to thrust up against her but she held onto his cock.
"Soon," she said. "I promise. We don't want things to finish early, do we? I've just started my story." She chuckled. "Where were we?"
"On the beach," he said. "Naked."
"Correction," she said. "I'm naked. You're staring at my naked body and getting ready to drop your trunks and jump on top of me but then I look up at you over my shoulder. And I push my sunglasses up on my forehead and say, 'you know what I need?' And you look around, kind of like, is there really nobody around and you reach for the waistband of your trunks but I say 'sunscreen on my back. I don't want to burn up.' And you're like... oh my God. So I wiggle my hips at you and blow you a kiss. 'Sunscreen,' I say again."
"You're terrible," he said.
"I am," she agreed. "I'm the worst. I love teasing you, I can't help it. And you like it too."
"God."
"But we don't have the sunscreen with us, we just have the towels. So you try to convince me that it's not necessary, the sun's going to go down soon anyway, but I just look at you and say 'okay'. Then I reach for my coverup and start to slip it over my head again. Since I don't want to get burned. And then you say you'll go get it from the room. And I smile at you and take the coverup back off and lie back down. And I tell you not to be gone long.
"I don't think you'd be gone long, do you? Not with me lying there on the beach, naked on my towel, anybody who walks by can just check me out, maybe even try to chat me up. What do you think?"
"Fuck," he siad. His hips moved again.
"Very soon," she told him. "But here's the thing. When you get back to the towel, I'm gone."
"What?"
"Gone. Empty towel. My coverup and sunglasses are still there but not me. Vanished. So you figure it out, you're so smart, I must have gone into the water. Not clever swimming alone but you know I'm not worried about little things like that."
"No," he agreed.
"So you go down to the water's edge, and the sun really is heading down, fast. But you can't see me in the water. You squint and you shade your eyes, but I'm not there. Then you see footprints in the wet sand near the edge of the water. And you think, she went for a walk. Naked, but she went for a walk."
"Huh."
"Right? But then you notice that it's actually two sets of footprints. And the other footprints are bigger and deeper than mine." She paused. "A man's footprints."
"Jesus," he said.
"There I am," she says. "Standing in the water, feeling the waves rushing up against me. And this man walks by and stops to chat. I'm, as far as he can tell, topless, my bottom half is in the water, but he's happy to talk to a topless woman. We chat and I ask him where he's walking and before he knows it I'm walking out of the water and he realizes that I'm naked and the next thing he knows we're walking together down the beach."
"God."
"He's very attractive," she said dreamily. "He's wearing swim trunks and no shirt, and his chest and arms are nicely muscled. He keeps glancing over at me, pretending he's not but I can tell... I mean, he's gotta be thinking about it, right?"
"Right," he said. His voice was tight.
"What's he thinking about?"
"Um,..."
"What you're thinking about right now," she told him. "He's thinking about fucking me."
"Oh God," he said.
"But you don't know any of this. All you know is that I'm somewhere on the beach, walking naked with a man and you... what do you think then?"
"I don't know..."
"You need to find me?"
"Yes."
"Even if... well. You can imagine. I bet you are imagining."
"Finish telling me," he said faintly.
"So you follow the footprints. It's not easy, they sometimes go up where the sand is dry and don't show up very well there. And of course the sun is almost completely down now. You listen but all you can hear are the seagulls crying. Or is it a person crying out? A woman, crying out in ecstasy? But you keep on following them, the footprints. And peering ahead, trying to see into the darkness that has now almost completely fallen. And the whole time you're imagining... what?"
"Jesus," he said.
"No, not Jesus," she told him. "You're imagining me. Lying on my back on the sand, my legs around this guy, this man who just happened to come upon me. It's like one of those stories from Greek myths, some woman bathing in a stream or the ocean and some god comes along and has his way with her. And he is... like a Greek god. I'm dying to get his trunks off him so he's naked too, I feel almost weak, looking over at him, imagining him... and that's what you're imagining. Me pulling off his trunks the way I sometimes do to you, pulling them down, taking his cock into my mouth, giving his balls a gentle squeeze. Isn't that what you're imagining?"
"Please," he said. "I need to..."
"Yes," she said. She raised herself up and straddled him, then lowered herself, letting him enter her. His hips moved convulsively and left the bed, driving him into her.
"God," he moaned. She clung to him, her hands on his shoulders then her face dipped down once more to kiss him.
"It's all moonlight now," she whispered. "And you have to slow down, looking up at every likely bunch of trees, glancing out into the water. You can't see the footprints any longer, it's too dark.
"Eventually, and it feels like hours later, you see somebody in the water and it's me. You're so relieved. I'm by myself, letting the waves rise up around me and retreat. You stand there staring at me, not speaking, and I start to walk up out of the water. It sucks at me, trying to pull me bac, the sand under my feet is racing out to sea. It's like one of those paintings of the birth of Aphrodite, a naked woman, the moon shining on her wet body, walking out of the ocean."
Again his hips left the bed and she had to cling to him.
"Don't come yet," she commanded him, and he subsided onto the bed.
"We lie down there at the edge of the water in the moonlight, I drag off your trunks and get on top of you."
"Fuck me," he whispered.
She twined her arms behind his neck and kissed him deeply. His hands gripped her ass and he pulled her cheeks apart. She writhed and one of his fingers pressed her asshole, then entered her. She moaned.
"God," she whispered. "Oh my... fucking..." Her hips were rising, pushing up against his hands, then down onto his cock.
"Fuck me," he repeated hoarsely.
She made a noise deep in her throat. Her hips were rising and falling and she pushed herself up until she was only being held to him by their legs and their conjunction. He lifted his head and buried it between her breasts.
"So good," she moaned.
"I'm going to come," he moaned.
"I'm..." she opened her mouth and dug her fingers into his shoulders. "God!" she cried. "Yes!" And then he was erupting inside her.
*****
"Was it true?" he asked her.
They were lying side by side, hands entwined.
She laughed softly. "It was just a story," she told him.
"Yeah," he agreed. But he sounded unsatisfied. "But in the story... had she... had you... really." He paused. "Fucked the stranger who just happened to pass by?"
She rolled over closer to him and rested her head on her elbow, looking at him. "It was just a story," she repeated.
"I know," he admitted. "But..." He paused.
"But?"
He sighed.
"Did you enjoy it?" she asked. She smiled at him.
"Oh my God," he said. He looked at her. "Your stories... they're so good. So sexy."
"Good," she said. "I wouldn't want to bore you."
He laughed but still seemed troubled.
"You want to know," she said. "If the woman in the story really fucked a stranger she had just met when she was naked on the beach."
He looked away. "I know it's just a story," he mumbled.
"But you want to know."
"Yeah," he said. "At least... it's your story, what do you think?"
She laid a hand on his chest. "I think it was a fun story," she told him. "That's all."
"What if..." He paused. "Say she made the whole thing up. To tease him."
"Him?" she asked.
He swallowed. "Me," he said softly.
She leaned over and kissed his shoulder. "I guess it's possible," she said. "But what about the other set of footprints?"
"They could have been there already," he said. "She saw them and just walked along with them. To tease him." He paused. "Me," he added.
She scooted closer and put one of her legs across his body. "I guess next time I'll have to say how the footprints kept crossing each other," she said. "To be sure they were actually walking together."
There was a pause.
"What did he look like?" he asked.
"The stranger?"
"Yeah."
She closed her eyes. "It was starting to get dark," she said. "I don't think she got a good look at him."
"She?"
"Or me." She smiled at him mischievously and reached over and took his hand, laid it down on her hip. "I'm still horny," she whispered.
He smiled. "You're amazing," he murmured.
"I could finish my story," she said.
"There's more?"
"Of course there's more," she told him. "I told you the beginning and the end but there's all this middle that I left out."
He rubbed her hip slowly. "Go ahead," he said.
She snuggled against him, her hand stroking his chest. "So..." she began. "That guy." She paused. "He's too sexy," she continued. "Built body, chiseled face. Cute accent." She stroked his chest again. "I'm thinking, God I want to run my hands all over him. Feel my way across his chest and his shoulders, slide my hands into his trunks." Her eyes were closed. "Take his tongue in my mouth..." She paused, lost in thought. "So then, it's getting dark like I say but he stops suddenly, gazing out to sea and points and says something I don't understand but I go up and stand next to him, looking out to sea, and then I see them too. Dolphins jumping along in the moonlight. And I laugh because they're so amazing. And that's when I feel his arms around me. He's standing behind me and his arms cross across me and his hands are cupping my tits. It's so good. I lean back against him and feel his rod against my ass. I reach back and push down on his trunks and he takes a step back and takes one hand off me for a second and then he's naked and we're standing there both naked and he's kissing me and running his hands all over me."
She sighed and reached over to take his cock in her hand. "You can't imagine," she said. "How turned on I am at that point. Do you remember that story about the Greek queen way back? Who pisses off the sea god and he curses her to fall in love with a bull, and this bull comes crashing out of the sea and all she wants is to fuck the bull. No matter what. That's how I feel, standing on the beach, the sea lapping at our feet. I want him to fuck me. No matter what."
There was a pause.
"Go on," he said at last. He took her hand and used it to rub his cock, still slick from their last fuck.
She sighed. "What else to say? Right there on the sand, he pulls me down and fucks me. Takes me from behind, his hands all over me, his fingers kind of clawing at me. It sounds terrible when I say it but I'm so turned on right then, it's what I want. His cock inside me, filling me up. His hands on my shoulders, my tits, my ass, his body, his weight on my back. His voice muttering, words I can't understand but kind of tight, kind of guttural. I close my eyes and lean on my knees and elbows, my ass up in the air, feeling the slap of his body against mine, the pressure of his cock inside me.
"When he comes he lets out this bellow like, I swear to God, a bull."
Another pause. "Then what?" he asked.
"Then I move away from him and get in the water. He doesn't follow me, just pulls on his trunks and walks away." She smiled. "That's fine, I'm thinking. I'm kind of dazed, it's been so sudden but so perfect. I feel the warm sea water washing over me and just float for a while, no idea how long." She laughed. "Then you come along and we make love there on the beach. Your hands are so gentle and you're everything I want. Your mouth on mine, your hands on my body, your body on mine, then your cock inside me. I'm deliriously happy, flying away, and with you I come, a beautiful long come but..." She paused. "In the middle of coming I start thinking about him again and then, sorry darling, I come twice as hard. Maybe ten times as hard."
Another pause. "Jesus," he said finally. "That's quite a story," he said.
Her mouth curved. "You liked it?" she asked, a little coyly.
Gently he pushed her, rolling her onto her back, and lay on top of her. He kissed her and ran his hands across her body. One hand strayed between her legs and found her, wet and still full of come.
"I'm going to fuck you," he whispered.
"Yes," she said.
He shifted and entered her and his hips started moving. She clung to him and wrapped her legs around him.
"That man," he growled.
"Yes."
"Fucking you."
"Yes..."
"Are you thinking about him?" His hips were thudding up and down, driving him into her.
"Yes," she whispered.
"He's fucking you," he said, still in a growl. His hands were gripping her, his fingers digging into her.
"Yes..."
"On the beach. In the moonlight. His cock inside you, filling you up."
"Oh God," she moaned. "Oh God..."
"Oh God," he echoed. He flung his head back and squeezed her shoulders tightly. It was too soon to come again, it felt like he was being wrung dry, but then there it was, the familiar pulsing of fluid leaving him and entering her.
"Oh... God..." she cried and dug her fingers into his arms.
Then they were lying next to each other, both panting. He drew his hand gently down her flank. She turned her head towards him and shaped a kiss with her lips.
"That was amazing," he murmured.
"Yes," she said. She smiled. "Oh yes."
"That story..." he said. Suddenly he was feeling sleepy. She said something but he didn't hear it. "What?" he asked.
"Just good night," she told him. "Pleasant dreams."