CHAPTER TWO
Roni gets a little braver.
**********
The next morning, I awoke before Roni. I remembered the flash drive I had in the bag, took it out and put it inside of the desk drawer. Then, I opened my laptop and attached the picture I'd selected the night before. I started to send it in an email to my phone. But then I just couldn't help myself.... I also selected the picture of her on the bed, on her knees, taken from the front. Her shoulders were pulled back making her tits poke out. And the front view of her pussy was delicious. I just thought the picture was extremely sexy. I attached it to the email and sent them both to my phone.
It was still early, so I made a pot of coffee and read the news on my computer. When I heard Roni get up, I went into the kitchen and poured her a cup, as well, as she entered.
"Good Morning, Beautiful!" I said.
"Good morning," she replied and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
We returned to the table and started discussing the plans for the day. It was decided I'd go to the store and pick up the steaks while Roni would start some potatoes baking, take a shower and get ready.
"I'm going to call Josh and ask him to go with me to help pick out what else we may want to snack on during the day," I told her.
"So, Josh is going with you?"
I noticed she had a smile on her face.
"Yeah, I can use some help picking out the steaks and I'm hoping he'll help pay for them, as well."
"Do you have anything else in mind?" she asked.
"Like what?"
"Are you going to show him the picture?"
"I was hoping to. Are you okay with that?"
"If you want to...I think it would be kind of thrilling if he knows what I look like underneath my new bikini."
"Awesome! I definitely will."
"Are you going to show him the picture of me completely naked?"
"Yes!"
"Really?"
"I was planning on it."
"Damn...why does that turn me on so much?"
"I don't know, but.... I can't wait to show them! "
I took my phone out and showed her the picture that she agreed to let me share with them.
Roni inhaled slightly" I don't know Steve are you sure you want to show them this?"
"Baby it really thrills me to think about showing them".
"It just shows...so....much!"
" Baby you are gorgeous from head to toe...I Love showing you off".
"Do you think he'll like it?" she asked.
"Baby, I'm sure he'll love it!"
"Are you going to show Mike, also?"
"I don't know. What do you think?"
"It's okay if he wants to see it, too."
"Cool! I'll show it to Josh and Mike!"
"Okay, but I want to know everything they say about me and don't let them know I told you that you could share those pictures with them."
"You've got it, Babe!"
Roni reached over and rubbed my hand.
"I'm really excited about you showing them my pictures! Does that make me weird?"
"Absolutely not....I think it'll be exciting for both of us."
"Well, call Josh. I'm going to start getting ready."
************
I called Josh and told him I was going to the store and asked him to join me.
"Sure. Pick me up in fifteen minutes."
Josh was waiting outside when I arrived at his apartment. He got into my car and we left for the store. After we'd parked, I took my phone out.
"I want to show you something."
I handed him my phone and he stared at the picture of Roni's naked ass and pussy.
"What's your honest opinion?"
"Fine as fuck! That's my opinion!"
I took the phone from him, scrolled to the full-frontal picture of her and handed the phone back.
"Now, which side looks better?"
He stared at the picture for a minute.
"Damn, dude! You're killing me! She looks great here but that picture of her ass is amazing!"
"So, you're saying she looks better from the back?"
"She looks great from both sides but the ass picture is my favorite!"
"I, personally, prefer the full-frontal picture. I guess we'll have to ask Mike which side of my wife's body is sexier for the tie-breaker."
"What's up, anyway? Why are you sharing those pictures with me again, I just saw them yesterday?" Josh asked.
"Because... I've discovered I enjoy sharing pictures of my wife's naked body. You and Mike are the only other men that have seen her naked, since we've been married, and I've also discovered I really enjoy seeing your guys' reaction to her. If it bothers you, I'll stop."
"I love seeing her naked and only an idiot would tell you to stop. Feel Free to share with me anytime you want".
We did our shopping, went back home and I pulled in at Josh's apartment to let him out.
"Aren't you coming in to get Mike's opinion about Roni's body? "
"Yeah sure.... but do you think he'll find me a little strange?"
"For what?"
"Showing you guys nude pictures of my wife."
"Dude, as long as we get to see her naked, what do we care."
So, I parked the car and followed Josh inside. Mike was sitting on the sofa, watching Sports Center.
"Hey, Mike. We have some juicy steaks for the grill. You owe me twenty bucks.," Josh said.
"Cool, Good morning, Steve!" Mike said.
"Good morning, Mike!"
"Steve has something to ask you, Mike."
I took a deep breath and asked "Do you think it's strange for me to show you pictures of my naked wife?"
"Hell, no! I get to see her sexy little body; I don't think that's strange at all."
"Okay. Just so you know, I really enjoy sharing her pictures. So as long as you enjoy it also, I would like your opinion."
I took my phone out to show him the picture of Roni's ass.
"Okay, look at this picture."
He took the phone and stared at the picture.
"Damn! That is sweet!"
I took the phone back, pulled up the other picture and handed it to him.
"Double damn!"
"Which looks better, her front or her back side?" I asked.
"Both!"
"You have to choose one."
"Damn, that's tough. I love her firm, round titties and slim waist , but... damn, her ass is beautiful with her plump, little pussy peeking out. But I'll have to say...this one!"
He'd picked the full-frontal picture that I liked, as well.
"Well, that's the winner. Josh thought the other one was better."
Josh quickly spoke up!
"Well, if we're all being honest here, the full-frontal picture of her is very sexy but looking at the picture of her ass and pretty little pussy makes me want to slip into her and wear that thing out! I'd ride her until my dick wore out! Sorry, Steve...just being honest."
"No offense taken. What about you Mike?"
"Damn straight.... I'd stretch-out that tight, little pussy! I'd ride her like a new bike on Christmas morning!" Mike piped in.
"Well, guys, I'm flattered you'd both love to have sex with my wife, but always remember, she's my wife so keep it in your pants. I need to know that I can trust you guys in that regard, otherwise the sharing defiantly stop."
They both agreed and swore that I could trust them.
"I need to go home, now. I'll see both of you in a couple of hours. When you see Roni in her new bathing suit, I want you to remember the pictures I showed just you ...see you at noon!"
************
I'd arrived back at our apartment and Roni had already changed into her new bikini and was looking sexy as hell.
"Holy shit, Girl! That suit is sexier than I remember!"
She smiled.
"Isn't that what you wanted? How did the trip to the store go?"
"It was good. We picked up some juicy steaks and Josh paid for them."
"Cool. Do you have anything else to tell me?"
"Well, it looks like it's going to be a beautiful day."
"Anything else?"
"Josh said he'd meet us at the pool, at noon."
"Seriously, Steve? You know what I'm asking!"
"Oh! You mean about this."
I held my phone up and showed her the picture of her with her ass stuck up in the air.
"Well? Did you show it to them?" she asked nervously.
"Maybe. I don't remember, I was so busy shopping and all."
"Come on, Steve, did you show them or not?"
"Well, it was only Josh and I who went to the store."
"Stop teasing me and tell me. Did you show Josh?"
"Yeah, I did...just as soon as he got into the car."
"Oh wow! What did he say?"
"Well, he likes this picture better than this one."
I showed her the full-frontal picture I'd sent to my phone.
"I don't remember approving this picture."
"I didn't think you'd mind. You look so incredible; I wanted them to see both sides of your sweet, little body."
"So, now, Josh knows what I look like, completely naked?"
"Pretty much."
"Well, what did he say?"
"He thinks the full-frontal picture of you is incredible but he absolutely loves the picture of your ass. I told him I think the full-frontal picture is better, but he disagreed.So, when we got back to their apartment, I had to ask Mike which one he thought was better and he agreed with me."
"Oh, my God... So Josh and Mike both know what I look like naked?"
"Yeah, they do, and I have to tell you...I found it incredibly exciting to show them pictures of my beautiful wife's naked body."
"So what did Mike say?"
"Well, first of all, he was speechless! (I lied) Seeing you naked, for the first time, surprised the hell out of him. Josh was standing beside him, as Mike was looking at the pictures, and Josh said he'd love to fuck the hell out of you!"
"No, he didn't!"
"Yes, he did. He was looking at the picture of your ass and said what came to his mind. I'm pretty sure he was just being honest."
"What did Mike say?"
"He said he'd love to stretch-out your pussy."
"Oh, Steve! You're kidding me."
"No, Baby, that's what they said."
"Didn't that make you mad?"
"Sweetheart, they were both staring at your pussy so I could hardly blame them!"
"You didn't tell them I knew you were showing them, did you?"
"No, I told them I liked to show off my wife and for them not to say anything to you or anyone else."
"Oh, Steve! I am so turned on right now!"
"Does it turn you on to know they have seen you naked?"
"Oh God yes! Did they really think I was sexy?"
"Yes, they did."
"And they both would love to fuck me?" she giggled.
"That's what they said."
"Steve, you're making me wet!"
"Would you be interested in sharing more pictures?"
She looked at me with a devilish grin.
"What did you have in mind?"
"Why don't you let me take a picture of you in your little red bikini and then take one of you completely naked while holding the bathing suit in your hand? They'll know I had to take it, today. I think they'll love seeing you at the pool in that bikini and then seeing you naked while holding the suit."
"Steve... You're so bad!"
"Well, what do you think?"
"Get the camera!"
"That'll take too much time, I'll just use my phone."
"Okay. How do I look? Does my make-up look alright?"
"Baby, trust me. They're not going to be paying attention to your make-up."
She put her hands on her hips.
"How's this?"
"Good, enough," I said and snapped the picture.
"Remove the bathing suit."
She was quickly naked and standing in front of me.
"Good, I want you holding the bikini where they can see it in the picture. Put your hands back on your hips, again."
I stood a little way back from her so I'd get a full frontal picture of her.
"I think I'll show this to them while we're at the pool, today."
"Really! You're going to show them while I'm right there?"
"Don't worry. I'll be very sneaky about it. Maybe I'll show them when we go over to start the grill, you can stay at the pool and I'll make sure they both go to help me."
"I love it!"
I noticed how hard her nipples were.
"Well, evidently, you like my plan. Look at how hard your nipples are!"
She looked down.
"Shut up and take the picture."
"Slightly spread your legs! I want them to be able to see your plump, little pussy."
"Do you mean the plump, little pussy they want to fuck?"
"That would be the one!"
She'd spread her legs more than I'd anticipated.
"Oh, yes, Baby! You look amazing!"
I squatted down to put the phone's camera even with her mid-section and took the picture. I looked at the picture and it was perfect. She was centered in the frame nicely; you could see her erect nipples and a full view of her pussy. I showed it to Roni.
"What do you think?"
"Well, you can see the bikini in my hand. That's what you wanted, right?"
"Well, yeah, but did you notice how hot you look?"
"I think I look, okay."
"Well, I'll be getting a second and third opinion, shortly. Are you sure you're okay with this?"
"I can't wait to see them looking at my picture...to see their reaction!"
"This really turns you on, doesn't it?"
"Hell, yes! My husband is showing my naked body to a couple of guys we've just met! How can I 'not' be turned-on?"
She started laughing and I couldn't help but join her. Roni put her suit back on with a long T-shirt over it. I turned the potatoes on low and we headed to the pool.
************
We arrived at the pool shortly before noon but Josh and Mike weren't there, yet. We found four lounge chairs, together, and I sat the cooler down. Roni started to take her T-shirt off but I stopped her.
"Wait until they get here. I want to see their eyes when they see your new swim suit."
She smiled.
"So, you want me to 'unveil' my body for them?"
"I like surprises," I said.
We were kicked back, drinking a cold beer, when they showed up. After a short greeting, Josh and Mike grabbed a cold beer out of the cooler and sat down. Roni didn't waste any time and stood up.
"It's so hot! I'm getting in the pool."
As she started taking off the T-shirt, all eyes were upon her. I saw the lust in their eyes as Roni stood before us, in her skimpy red bikini, and looked at me.
"Are you coming?"
"Not right now. I'm going to finish my beer, first."
"Okay."
She turned and walked toward the pool .
When she was out of earshot Mike said "Damn! She's smoking hot!"
"Love the new suit!" Josh said.
I grinned as I enjoyed watching them watch her walk to the pool and I leaned over.
"When we get a chance, I have something else to show you guys."
They both smiled.
"Cool!"
Roni swam for a short time before coming back to our chairs. As she got close, I was surprised at how thin the material of her little, red swim suit was. It hugged every part of her body. We were able to see the outline of her nipples and every curve of her pussy. We weren't the only ones that noticed, I saw several guys looking at her as she passed them. I handed her a towel.
"The water feels great! You should've joined me."
"Well, right now, I'm enjoying the view!" I said.
She smiled.
"Yeah, it is a beautiful day."
"That's not the view 'I'm' enjoying.... Love the new suit!" Josh said.
Roni smiled at him.
"Thank you, Josh. Steve picked it out for me."
After a couple of beers, Mike and Josh decided to cool off in the pool.
"Well, it looks like my suit is a big hit."
"Yes it is! Did you notice how it conforms to your body when it's wet?"
"Yeah and I can tell how much you guys like it."
"Let's get into the pool and, this time, when you dry off, make sure you bend over with your ass towards Josh and Mike so they can see that sexy ass and camel toe."
She gave me a friendly shove.
"You're so bad!"
We joined Josh and Mike in the pool and, after a short time, they got out but Roni and I stayed.
"Baby, you look so hot in your little bikini! I want you to pay attention to all of the guys staring at you when we walk back to our chairs."
"You're really enjoying this, aren't you?" she asked.
"Baby, I'm loving it!"
"Are you ready to get out?" Roni asked a few minutes later.
"Are you going to do what I suggested?"
"Let's go...its show-time!"
I walked a short distance behind Roni on the way back to the chairs; I didn't want to block anyone's view. I was so proud... to see all of those guys staring at my wife's sexy body. The way her suit hugged her body was almost as if she were naked. When we got back to our chairs, I grabbed a towel and handed Roni one, as well. I stood a short distance in front of Roni and she turned to face me as she was drying off.
She was making small talk, her ass facing toward Josh and Mike. She slowly worked her way down her body with the towel , just as I'd asked. She bent over at the hips to dry her legs. Her ass was pointing towards Mike and I could tell, by his eyes, that he was getting a great view of her ass and scantily clad pussy. Roni sat down before I did and I saw the huge hard-on in Mike's swim trunks.
When I sat down, I leaned over and whispered to Roni.
"I want you to look at Mike's lap and see what you did to him."
Roni made the excuse of "I need another beer. Mike, can I have one of your Stella's?"
"Sure!"
She went to get one from the cooler sitting next to Mike and got a good view of his hard cock. I know Mike saw her looking at it and he didn't try to hide it from her. He was enjoying having Roni look at his large, hard cock. As Roni passed, to sit down in front of me, I noticed her nipples were rock hard!
Roni turned toward me and mouthed "Damn!"
"I told you," I said.
**********
Later, after another few beers, we were ready for another dip in the pool. That time, we all went together and played around in the pool for a little while.
"Are we ready to fire-up the grill?" Josh asked.
"That sounds great," I said.
I looked at Roni and she had a wicked little grin on her face.
"Sure. You guys go ahead. I'm going to stay in the pool for a while longer."
I turned, so they couldn't see me, and gave Roni a little wink. She reached under the water and gave my cock a short-lived rub.
"Have fun!" she said.
I took my time getting out of the pool so my hard-on could subside. After drying off, I grabbed a lighter and my phone out of my bag and left the pool area. The grills were located in a large area immediately outside of the fenced in pool area and Roni was only about thirty yards away from us. When we got to the grill, I laid my phone on the side table, handed my lighter to Mike and he grinned at me with expectation.
"Why don't you light the grill while I use my phone?"
"Sure."
I acted as if I was making sure Roni wasn't looking but I was, actually, making sure she was. I had them hide behind the raised grills' lid as I showed them the picture of her in the bikini.
"Damn, dude! We're hiding back here to look at her in her bikini? Hell, I've been looking at her, live, all day," Josh said.
I pulled-up the second picture of her, completely naked, holding the bikini. There was dead silence as they stared at the picture.
"Holy, shit! That's sweet! ...When she bent over to dry off, earlier, I thought I was going to cum on myself!" Mike said.
"I know. I saw your boner."
"Well, you weren't the only one. I caught your wife looking at it, too, and I'm sure she liked it because she stared at it the whole time she was getting a beer."
I peeked around the grill to see if Roni was looking and, to my surprise, she was walking towards the fence in front of us.
"Holy, shit! Here she comes," I said and walked out from behind the grill.
"Hey, Babe! What's up?
"I was wondering if you guys need anything. I'm going back to the apartment to check on the potatoes."
I noticed they'd laid my phone down on the side table and the picture of her, naked, was still showing.
"We're good. We're about to go up and get the steaks," Josh replied.
Both of them kept looking down at the phone and back up at Roni .... she noticed it, too.
"What do you guys keep looking at?"
"Oh, we're checking the grill to make sure it's still lit," Mike said.
"Steve, are you staying here?" Roni asked.
"Yeah, someone needs to keep an eye on our stuff."
"Okay, I'll be back in a few."
After she turned to leave I said "Damn, guys! What are you doing? You're going to get me busted!"
"I was looking at the picture and looking at her in real life at the same time. It was pretty cool for me to be looking at her naked while I was talking to her," Josh said.
"Well, try to be cool about it. I don't need her getting suspicious."
Mike said "Sorry, I just couldn't help it, dude. I didn't have to imagine what she was hiding under that suit...I could see it... Damn that was sweet!"
" We're going to get the steaks; can we take the phone with us?" Josh asked.
"Seriously?"
"Dude, I've been watching your wife, in that skimpy little bikini, all day. Now, you show me a picture of her naked.... I need some relief before, my balls explode!"
"Okay but hurry back. I don't need Roni asking me where my phone is."
I walked over and got another beer from our cooler and then went back to the grill. Twenty minutes later, Roni was back but still no Josh or Mike .So, of course, Roni asked about them.
"Where's Josh and Mike?"
"Gone to get the steaks and to jack-off to your picture."
"No way...are you serious?"
"Yep."
"You're kidding, right?"
"Do you see my phone anywhere? And I'm sure they're going to make copies for themselves."
She pressed her body against me.
"That's so exciting!"
"Do you want them to have the pictures?"
"I think it's very erotic to think that I turn them on so much that they masturbate to my picture. Do you think they'll show it to anyone else?"
"Probably."
"That's kind of scary. I hope they don't tell anyone it's me."
"Honey, they can tell it's you. Your face is very visible."
"Oh crap! Please ask them not to show it to anyone...that'd be hard to explain."
"I'll tell them not to. I just hope they listen."
"I knew they were looking at my picture when I came over here, earlier."
"How does that make you feel?"
"Very turned-on!"
"Really?"
"Yes, I, uh, had to pleasure myself when I got home."
"It turned you on that much?"
"Yeah! I was so excited when I saw them looking at my picture, I practically ran home."
"Wow! You really love this!"
"Seeing how much I'd excited Mike didn't help. I couldn't stop thinking about how hard I made him."
"Yeah and that's a lot to make hard."
"Oh my, he is huge!"
"Did you think about it while you were playing with yourself?"
"Promise not to get mad?"
"Yes, I promise."
"I did!"
"You thought about Mike's big cock?"
"I thought about touching his huge cock."
"Is touching it all you thought about?"
"I thought about how hard I made him."
"And you thought about touching it."
"Well, yeah. It's so big. I thought about how it would feel."
"I didn't know you had a big cock fantasy."
She gave me a playful shove.
"Stop it. It turned me on knowing how excited I'd made him. You're making me wet, again! I'm going to cool down in the pool."
She walked to the pool so I followed her and we got in.
"Look who's back at the grills," Roni said, ten minutes later.
"Well, I guess I'll go help with the grilling," I said.
"Don't forget to ask them not to share my picture with anyone...unless they crop my face out, first."
I looked at her a little stunned.
"Unless they crop your face out?"
"Yeah. I'm okay with them sharing it as long as nobody knows it's me."
I leaned over and kissed her.
"Baby, I love you!!"
I grabbed a beer and headed back over to the grill as Josh was putting the steaks on.
"I laid your phone on the side table. Thanks for letting us borrow it," Mike said.
"I bet you guys made a copy, didn't you?"
"I sent it in a text message to Josh's and my phones."
"Well, that's cool but, please, don't show it to anyone else unless you crop her face out, first."
"Dude, you don't mind us sharing it?"
"Not as long as you don't tell anyone who she is."
He smiled.
"Not a problem!"
As the steaks were cooking, Roni came over to the fence.
"I'm going to our apartment get everything ready for when the steaks are done. Where are we going to eat?"
"It'll be easier if we eat at our apartment," I told her.
"Good. I can go ahead and change into some dry clothes."
"Damn, that ass!" Josh said as she was walking off.
I couldn't help but smile.
When we arrived with the steaks, Roni had the table set and was wearing a light cotton shirt and shorts...nothing very revealing but she looked sexy as hell all the same. We had an uneventful afternoon. The steaks were delicious, the beer was cold and the conversation was light. When dinner was over, we talked for a while and then Josh and Mike decided it was time for them to go home. We said our goodbyes and Roni gave each of them a hug.
************
It was late afternoon so I went to take a shower, chill for the rest of the evening and get ready for the start of the workweek. While I was in the shower, I couldn't help but think of how much it'd thrilled me to show those guys pictures of my naked wife. Just seeing the lust and envy in their eyes did something to me.
I thought about Roni telling me how she'd fantasized about touching Mike's cock and that really stirred something in me. Merely thinking about seeing my petite, little wife stroking Mike's large cock made me incredibly hard. I started stroking myself, thinking about seeing her with his huge member in her hand, gently stroking it. I continued to think about her trying to take it into her mouth.
I couldn't help but get incredibly aroused by the thought. I continued fantasizing about it until I'd had a huge orgasm. I couldn't believe how much it was turning me on. After my shower, I dressed and went into the living room, where Roni was watching television, and sat next to her.
"You'll never know how much I've enjoyed the day," I told her.
"What did you enjoy the most?"
"Well, sharing your pictures, of course!"
"You really enjoy that, don't you?"
"It really gets me excited."
"What do you enjoy the most about it?"
"I love to see how much they love looking at your body, knowing it's mine to enjoy. I just find that really thrilling,, to have another man look at your sexy, little tits and beautiful pussy really turns me on. I don't know, maybe it's because it's usually considered 'taboo' but I love having them know what you look like naked. I think you are sexy as hell and I'm so proud of you and your body, I want others to see it. Is that wrong of me?"
"No, I don't think so. It would be if you didn't tell me but, as long as I know, it's fine with me. It turns me on to know they're picturing me, naked, when they're talking to me. Keep sharing as much as you want, as long as you let me know when you're doing it."
Uh-oh...now I'm starting to feel guilty. "Honey I have something I need to confess"
" Oh, no...what is it?"
"Promise not to be mad"
"I won't know until you tell me"
"I'm afraid it might piss you off"
"For gosh sakes...just tell me"
"I have been sharing your pictures for a while now"
" You mean with other guys?"
"No, just Josh and Mike...but it was before you told me it was okay".
"For how long?"
"Remember when Josh deleted the pictures from his phone"
"Yes"
"That's the only reason he did...I promised I would show him nude pictures of you if he did".
"So he wasn't just being a gentleman"
"No, he refused to delete them....so I got desperate and made a deal with him"
"Which pictures?"
The ones from our honeymoon...plus a few more".
"So he has known what I look like naked for a while now"
"Afraid so"
"Steve...you really should not have done that"
"Yeah, I know...I'm really sorry, but once I showed them the first time..I just couldn't stop. It was like a drug. I got such a high off having them see your body...and to hear the comments they made...I just couldn't help myself. I know I should have asked first."
"I want you to promise me you'll never do anything like that again".
"I promise...I am truly sorry".
We spent the next fifteen minutes discussing trust and a strong marriage... being honest...blah, blah blah...I assured her I would never do anything like that again and she forgave me
"I'm disappointed in you,but I think I can live with it"
" Thank you sweetheart. It feels great to get that off my chest".
"It had better never happen again."
"Trust me it won't"
We sat in silence for a while.
Roni finally turned to face me and said..."Now, tell me everything they said about me today!"
I told her everything I could remember them saying and I also told her about Josh making the comment about her ass as she was walking away. I also informed her that they had made a copy of the picture and I had told them that they could show others as long as they cropped her face out, first.
"Really! Do you think they will?"
"I'm certain they will."
"Why does that turn me on so much?" she asked.
"I don't know, maybe you're an exhibitionist?"
"Do you think so?"
"Well, if it turns you on to be seen naked, there's a good possibility."
"Oh, Steve, I'm not sure this is good."
"Don't worry about it. I love showing you off and you love to be seen. It sounds like we're perfect for each other."
"Let's go to bed," she said as she leaned over and kissed me.
She was incredible in bed that night. We had sex in every position possible. We ended up with her on top, riding me. We had great sex talk as well. She was very eager to hear me tell her what Mike and Josh had said about her tight, little body. I also asked her about seeing Mike's hard-on.
"How much did it turn you on when you saw Mike had a hard-on because of you?"
"I'd love to feel it! I haven't seen one that big before! I'm sorry! I don't mean to hurt your feelings!"
"It doesn't bother me. I'm not fooling myself by thinking I'm anywhere near his size."
"Can you imagine how big it'd look in my hand?"
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?"
She was quiet for a few seconds.
"It's okay. I'm not going to be mad. We're only talking about fantasies," I said.
"Oh! I can only imagine what it would feel like!"
"So, you would like to feel it?"
"Maybe, just to see how it feels."
"Well, aren't you the little slut," I jokingly said.
"Steve, I didn't really mean it!"
"Oh, Baby, I know. I'm only kidding with you. It's okay to fantasize about it. You want to touch it don't you?"
She was quiet.
"It's okay, Baby. Thinking about seeing that big cock in your hand actually turns me on, too!"
"Really!"
"I'd love to watch you stroke that big dick if I knew you were enjoying it."
She moaned slightly.
"Keep talking."
"Yeah, Baby, I'd want you to be topless and I'd want him to play with your perky, little titties as you work his large hard-on."
She moaned, again. I could tell by the way she was riding me that the thought turned her on.
"I'd love to see him squeezing those firm, little titties and pinching your nipples as you play with his cock."
She let out a gasp and started moaning softly.
"Would you like to feel his cock in your mouth?"
She said nothing but kept riding me harder.
"I bet you would. I bet you'd love to feel that huge cock in your mouth."
"Oh, Steve, don't stop...keep telling me about your fantasy!"
"I'd love to see him push you down onto your knees, pull his large cock out and slowly work it between your sexy lips. You'd be cautious, at first, but soon he'd have it in your mouth. I'd love to see him place his hand on the back of your head as he slowly forces his hard cock into your mouth. You'd see how good it feels in your mouth and would become overcome with lust. He'd be looking down at your delicious, naked body and he couldn't control himself. He'd start forcing you further and further down onto his cock."
She was moaning incredibly loud by then.
"He'd place both hands on the back of your head and force you to take all of it into your mouth. You wouldn't be able to breathe, at first, but you'd relax and start enjoying how good his fat cock feels. He'd slowly force you to suck his cock until he's ready to climax, then he'd pull his cock out and cum all over your face and perky, little tits. You'd reach up with your hands and milk him of every drop of his cum."
She was leaning back, rubbing her clit against me as hard as she could. Her body started shaking all over as she had an incredible orgasm. I followed with a large orgasm, myself, and we lay together for a long time, neither one of us speaking.
"Damn, Baby, that was awesome!"
She leaned over and kissed me.
"Yes, it was!"
She went into the bathroom to shower. Neither of us said anything about our sexual discussion after she returned and we fell asleep while watching a movie.
************
The next day, I had a hard time focusing at work. I couldn't stop thinking about the previous day. Showing pictures of my naked, sexy, little wife to two other men who drooled over her delicious, little body. Her loving the thought of them seeing the pictures and t the conversation we'd had about her and Mike's cock, made it incredibly hard for me to focus.
When the day finally ended, I made a stop at a store and made a purchase on my way home. I couldn't wait for Roni to get home. When she walked in, I could see she was happy.
"What's up, Doll?" I asked.
"Good news."
"What's that?"
"I talked to the apartment manager and was able to get the complaint, against Josh, dropped."
"Well, that's great."
"Yeah. I told him it was a misunderstanding and they pulled it."
"Well, that's good. I have a surprise for you!"
"You do?"
"Yeah, come into the bedroom."
"Remember how we were talking about Mike's large appendage, last night?"
"Yeah."
I opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out a very large Dildo and Roni's eyes got very large.
"And what, exactly, do you 'plan' on doing with that?"
"I thought we'd do a little more fantasizing."
She gave me a wicked smile.
"Let me take a quick shower."
When she came out of the bathroom, I couldn't help but stare at her...she was completely naked and looking delicious.
"Damn, you look good!"
"Okay, what do you have in mind?"
"A little roll playing. You be you and I'll be Mike."
She pressed her body against me.
"I'm game."
"Okay, wrap a towel around yourself, I'm going outside. When you hear me knock, answer the door, wearing only a towel, and pretend I'm Mike."
"This sounds exciting."
************
I knocked on the door and she answered.
"Is Steve home?"
"No, he won't be home for a couple of hours. Would you like to come in?"
"I'd love to."
She turned and walked into the living room as I followed.
"Would you like a beer?"
"Sure, I'd love one."
She walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. As she was bending over to grab a beer, the towel slipped down. She quickly grabbed it, covered herself and handed me the beer.
"Sorry about that," she said.
"Don't be sorry. I loved what I saw."
"Why don't you go sit on the sofa?"
I did as I was told. She came in behind me and stood in front of me as I sat down.
"So, did you like that little peek you just got?"
"Yes, I only saw a little...but what I saw was wonderful!"
"I don't know, I think I'm getting fat. What do you think?
She unwrapped the towel so I could see her completely naked.
"Damn, Roni, you are gorgeous!"
"Please, don't tell Steve I showed you my nude body, he'd be very mad at me."
"Don't worry, I can keep a secret."
She looked at my crotch.
"Well, you look a little uncomfortable. Why don't you unsnap your jeans?"
I did as I was told.
"You still look uncomfortable. Would you like to unzip them, as well?"
"I'd love to but can I use your restroom, first?"
"Yes but hurry back!"
Instead of going to the restroom, I went into the bedroom, grabbed the dildo and stuck it down my pants. When I got back to the living room, Roni was sitting on the sofa, sideways, with most of her legs showing. She patted a spot on the sofa, next to her.
"Sit here."
I sat down.
"Now, let's see if we can make you more comfortable."
She reached over and unzipped my jeans. When she did, I reached down and pulled the fake member out and held it as if it were mine.
"Oh, Mike, that's so big!"
"Would you like to touch it?"
"I don't know.... Steve would be mad."
"Don't worry, I'll never tell."
She reached over and gently touched it.
"Oh, Mike, you're so hard!"
"You do this to me, Roni."
"Oh, Mike, I'm so flattered."
"Do you think you can show me something, too?"
Roni reached up and pulled the towel down, exposing her breasts.
"How's this?"
"Oh, Roni, they're beautiful!"
I reached over and started squeezing her breasts.
"Oh, yes, Mike! Rub my nipples!"
She had a firm grip on my fake cock.
"Do you think it'd be okay if I put it into my mouth?"
"Well, only for a minute. We wouldn't want Steve to find out."
She gave me a devilish grin.
"Don't worry, he'll never know. It'll be our little secret."
She leaned over and started gently kissing and licking the head.
"I can't believe how big you are!"
"Go ahead, see how far you can get it into your mouth."
"Could you stand up?" Roni asked.
I did as she asked. She stood as well and let the towel drop to the floor.
"Do you really think I'm sexy?"
"Roni, you're perfect!"
She smiled, went to her knees and started to service me. She started slowly and worked herself all the down to about half of the length before looking up at me.
"I'm sorry, Mike, but you're too big."
"Don't apologize, that was wonderful!"
"I'm sorry I couldn't take all of it."
"I'll forgive you if you let me play with your pussy."
"Promise you won't tell Steve?"
"Scouts honor."
"Okay, but be gentle."
She laid on the sofa and spread her legs.
"Steve always says I have a fat pussy. Is it really fat?"
"I wouldn't call it fat, I'd say it's plump but, trust me, that's a good thing!"
"So, you like it?"
"I love it! Can I touch it?"
"Please, do. I'd love to hear you tell me how it feels!"
I reached over and gently massaged her pussy.
"Roni, this is the most perfect pussy I've ever touched."
"Oh, Mike, you're going to make me blush."
"Do you mind if I use my tongue?"
"I don't know, Mike. You know my pussy belongs to Steve."
"I promise, I won't hurt it. I only want to know how you taste."
"Okay but, remember, no telling."
I leaned over and started licking her delicious pussy and she started to squirm a little.
"Oh, that feels good Mike! You're going to make me cum!"
"Don't cum, yet, I have a favor to ask."
"What's that Mike?"
"Can I put only the head of my cock into your pussy?"
"I don't know. It's so big!"
"I promise, only the head."
"Okay but be gentle and only the head."
I had her turn so I could reach her pussy better; she spread her legs and put her feet on my shoulders.
"My husband loves to fuck me this way."
"I bet he does!"
I placed the dildo on her outer lips and used it to gently part her pussy.
"Roni, your pussy is so wet!"
She said nothing as she laid her head back and enjoyed me rubbing her clit. After rubbing her pussy lips for a few minutes, I tried to push it in further and she raised her head.
"What was the deal, Mike?"
"Sorry, I didn't mean to."
I rubbed her some more until I could tell she was getting close to orgasm. Then I pushed harder and was able to get the dildo in about an inch further as Roni let out a little squeal.
"Sorry," I said but left the dildo inserted.
"I've never had anything this big inside of me before!"
She didn't tell me to pull it out so I waited a few seconds and then pushed a little harder. I went about an inch and a half, that time, and she squirmed a little and then started to moan softly.
"Roni, your pussy is incredible! You're so tight! I can't help myself, I need to go deeper!"
She said nothing so I slid in further until I was about four inches in. To my surprise, she started pushing back against me. I pulled out a little and eased it back in. She was starting to fuck me back. I pulled out about three inches and pushed back in about four. Roni was laying back, with her eyes closed, but the look on her face was pure ecstasy. I slowly fucked her with the large dildo until I had most of it in her. She was really getting into it.
"Fuck me Mike! Fuck me hard!"
So I picked up the pace. I had a good seven or eight inches in her. I am only six and a half inches, fully hard, so I knew I was reaching new ground. It was such a thrill to watch the way that large cock stretched-out her pussy. I loved seeing it rub against her clit as I was pulling it out and pulling the side of her pussy lips in as I forced it back in. It only took about two minutes before she had a body shaking orgasm. I left the dildo in her pulsating pussy as I reached down and stroked myself. I shot my load all over her stomach and pussy. She reached down, removed the dildo and gently rubbed her pussy. She, finally, opened her eyes and looked at me.
"That was incredible!"
Roni showered and we went to get a bite to eat. During dinner we talked about how much fun it was to roll play. Roni thought the sex was amazing. When we got back, I showered and went into the bedroom, ready for round two but Roni quickly told me otherwise.
"That's not going to happen. My pussy is very sore and I'll need a few nights off," she told me.
************
The rest of the week was uneventful. Finally, on Thursday, Roni was able to have sex, again. She was still a little sore so I had to be gentle with her.
We hadn't heard from Josh or Mike all week until Friday night when Josh called.
"Are you and Roni going to the pool on Saturday?"
"We probably will."
"Cool! See if you can get Roni to wear that red bikini."
"I'll try."
I told Roni what Josh said and she was more than eager to comply.
We showed up at the pool, a little later than usual, and Mike and Josh were sitting with two other guys. They saw us and waved us over. They introduced us and told us they were neighbors. Roni knew one of them as he was a longtime resident. We grabbed a couple of chairs and set-up next to theirs. I made sure to pay close attention as Roni took off her bathing suit cover. The other two guys were mesmerized as they saw Roni's tiny bikini. Josh, Mike and the other two guys got into the pool a short time after.
"Roni, I can't wait for them to see you when your suit is wet!" I said after they walked off.
"What do you mean?"
"You didn't notice them eye-fucking you when they saw your tight, little body in that suit!"
She smiled.
"Are you ready, now?" she asked as she stood and headed toward the pool.
I followed and we played in the pool for a while before we headed back, shortly after the other four. When we got back, Roni turned toward me and started talking to me with her ass pointing at the other four. Once again, she did the slow bend over to dry her legs. I noticed Josh elbowing one of the other guys as Roni bent over. You could tell they were enjoying the show. Roni left to use the bathroom and one of the new guys, Stan, spoke.
"Hey, Steve, I'm not trying to be forward but, damn! Your wife is hot!"
I smiled and said, 'thanks'.
"Love the bikini! I think I've seen it somewhere before," Stan said.
I looked at Josh, but he wouldn't look at me..
I said "Yeah, I've seen it on another girl up here, too, but don't tell Roni or she'll never wear it, again."
We hung out for a while before Roni got up to get into the pool, again.
"I'll be there, shortly," I told her.
After she left, I reached over and grabbed Josh's arm.
"You showed her picture to Stan, didn't you?" I said in a low voice.
"Yeah, sorry, but you told me I could. Don't worry, I cropped her face out," he sheepishly said.
"You do realize she was holding that bikini in her hand, right?"
"Shit! Sorry, dude. I didn't think about that."
"Right," I said.
I went to the pool to join Roni. When I got into the pool, I walked up to her, wrapped my arms around her and whispered into her ear.
"I don't want you to freak out but Josh showed the picture of you holding the bikini to Stan, and I think he recognized it."
"You're kidding me."
"I wish I were."
"Great! He's always flirting with me. I'm sure he'll be bugging the shit out of me, now."
"Just be cool and act normal. Maybe he doesn't know for sure."
"I hope so!"
To my surprise, when we got back to the chairs, Roni stood right in front of Stan and talked to him the whole time she was drying off. I noticed he kept stealing looks at her camel toe every chance he got. He also seemed to be having a hard time focusing on their conversation. After she finished drying, she looked at me.
"Well, Steve, are you ready to go home?"
"Sure."
I stood and grabbed the cooler.
"Later, guys."
************
"I'm pretty sure he knows it's me in the picture," Roni said on the way home.
"How can you tell?"
"Didn't you see the way he was acting when I was talking to him? I could tell he was picturing me naked."
"So were most of the other guys at the pool...that doesn't mean anything".
"He looks at me the same way Mike and Josh do...it's just a knowing look...like they are picturing me naked because they already know what I look like...its hard to explain...I can just tell".
"Sorry, Babe, but you told me it'd be okay for them to share the picture."
"Yeah, I know. I wish I would've put a little more thought into it."
When we got home, Roni went to take a shower, so I called Josh.
"What the hell man!" I said.
"Hold on a minute," he said.
I could hear him talking to someone else.
"Okay, I'm back. Sorry, I had to step away from the others."
"Stan knows, doesn't he?"
"Yeah, sorry, I tried to convince him otherwise but he didn't buy it."
"Josh, that's not good!"
"Don't worry, I told him you lost a bet to me and that was what you'd wagered. I made him promise not to say anything to anyone else. He promised that he wouldn't... and, Steve, one more thing...he has a copy of the picture."
"What the hell, Josh!"
"That wasn't me. That was Mike. He's the one who sent it to him."
"Well, tell Mike I said, 'thanks a lot'!"
"Hey, dude, are you mad at us?"
"I'm not very happy! If Roni finds out, she's going to be pissed at me, you and Mike! Please, do whatever it takes to make sure he doesn't say anything, or show the picture to anyone. And, for God's sake, use your head before you show her pictures around here!"
"Sorry, dude. I'll make it right."
Roni got out of the shower.
"Come sit down," I said.
She saw concern in my eyes.
"What's wrong?"
"Well, you're not going to like this."
"For God's sake, Steve, tell me.
"Stan recognized you in the picture and told Josh he knew it was you."
"Well, that's just great!"
"But don't worry, Josh told him I'd lost a bet to him and that was the payment."
"Well, that makes it all better!" she said, sarcastically.
"It gets worse.... He has a copy of the picture, now."
"What!"
"Yeah, evidently Mike texted it to him."
"What the hell was he thinking?"
"I don't know. Josh said not to worry, he'd fix things."
"Well, he or Mike had better! I don't want that pervert to have a picture of me, naked. He'll show it to everybody in this complex."
"Don't freak out, have faith in Josh."
Sure enough, Josh called after about fifteen minutes.
"Can you talk?" he said.
"Yeah, Roni is in the shower (I lied)."
"Good news! Problem solved!"
"How's that?"
"When I got off of the phone with you, I asked to borrow Stan's phone, I found the picture in his text messages and deleted it...he's pretty pissed. I told him Mike shouldn't have sent it to him and Mike agreed. I also threatened to kick his ass if I found out he's told anybody about seeing the picture and he knows I'm serious."
When I got off the phone, I told Roni what Josh had done.
"Well, good. That makes me feel a little better."
We had sandwiches for dinner and called it an early night. As we were in bed, that night, Roni voiced her concern.
"Steve, I'm concerned about other people having pictures of me, naked."
"I'll talk to Josh and Mike, tomorrow, and make sure they're more careful about who they share with."
"I still can't believe Stan knows what I look like, naked. Now, I'm going to have to avoid him like the plague."
"Honey, it's not really that bad. At least Josh got rid of the picture."
"Well, that's the least he could have done!"
"Yeah, I agree but I do have to tell you, it is thrilling to see Stan looking at you with such lust in his eyes."
"You mean leering at me!"
"Sweetheart, when you were standing in front of him in your wet bathing suit, you were practically naked, anyway...you can't blame a guy for noticing."
"Thanks, Steve. That really makes me feel better. I guess I won't be wearing that suit to the pool, anymore."
************
The next morning, I went over to Josh and Mike's. They were up and let me in.
"Damn, guys! Do you have any idea how mad Roni will be if she finds out you guys have pictures of her, naked? Not to mention the fact she'll kill me for letting you have it. Please! Use your head! Don't share any pictures with anyone who lives here, especially if there's any way they can tell it's her...like a bikini that she may wear to the pool!"
They were both sorry and promised to be more cautious in the future.
"I apologize for letting Stan have a copy. I've known him since we'd moved in and didn't think he'd ever recognize her," Mike said.
They both admitted it had been stupid and was sorry for any stress it'd caused me.
"I want you to make sure Stan never says anything to anyone about that picture, especially not Roni!"
"Don't worry, I got it covered," Mike said.
I left and went home.
"Roni, no need to worry. Everything has been handled and you have nothing to worry about."
"I hope so. At least they're trying to make it right but I'm still mad at them."
"I understand."
************
The next few weeks were pretty boring. We stayed away from the pool and Roni was able to elude Stan on all but one occasion when he came in to pay his rent. Roni, of course, played it cool but said she felt Stan's eyes all over her as she was talking to him.
Finally, Roni calmed down and things got back to normal.
Josh showed up one Saturday morning.
"Where have you and Roni been? I haven't seen you two at the pool, lately. Would you guys want to hang out with us, later?" he asked.
I asked Roni and she said fine but she didn't want to hang out at the pool, she told him it was too hot.
"Mike and I have dates coming over and we're going to the pool but maybe we can come by later for cocktails and games?"
"We'll think about it and get back to you, later."
"What do you think?" I asked Roni after he left.
"Maybe later. Can we have a late lunch and a movie and see how we feel after that?"
We got ready and headed out. The movie ended at four-thirty.
"So, how do you feel about going over to Josh's?"
"Fine, Go ahead and give him a call."
"We're heading out to get a bite to eat but we'll be back in about an hour. Do you feel like playing some beer pong?" Josh said.
I asked Roni and she said it sounded fun . I told him we'd see him in an hour and hung up.
"Are you sure you're up for this?"
"Sure."
"Well, remember, you can't act like you're mad at them because you're not supposed to know they've seen you naked, much less that they have pictures of you. So, as far as they're concerned, you have no reason to be mad at them."
"I'm fine, I wasn't thinking anything about it."
**********
When we arrived at Josh and Mike's, we were introduced to Ashley and Hannah. Ashley was Josh's date, Hannah was with Mike. We had a good time, that night, Roni got along well with both of the other girls, we ended up being the beer pong champions and went home with a good buzz.
When we got into bed, I could tell Roni was feeling frisky. She'd stripped naked and climbed into the bed and immediately started rubbing my cock and talking dirty to me. In a very short time, she had me naked, as well. As she was rubbing my cock, she moved down and took me into her mouth.
"Oh, yeah, Baby! That feels great! Oh, that's good! Keep going!" I said.
I started talking to her.
"I'm so glad you're not mad at Mike anymore! Maybe, now, you'll let me pretend to be Mike, again?"
She took my cock completely into her mouth and pulled it out.
"If you were Mike, I couldn't do that."
She went back to sucking my cock.
"Damn, Baby, that is so damn good! Would you like Mike to fuck you while you suck my cock?"
She came up from sucking my cock.
"Maybe I should suck Mike's cock while Josh fucks me?"
Well this was new!
"Well, what about Steve?" I asked.
"Maybe Steve can watch?"
"Why, Roni...you're such a dirty little girl!"
"Go get your phone and call Mike and Josh. Tell them to come up here and fuck your drunk, little wife."
"Are you drunk?"
"Drunk enough!"
"But they have girls at their place."
She giggled.
"I thought we were roll playing."
"Oh, I thought you were being serious."
"Were you going to call them?"
"I don't know but I was willing to talk about it."
She looked at me with a wicked grin.
"Oh, were you now? Grab Mike, out of the drawer, go knock on the door and pretend you're Mike and Josh and they came up here to check on me ."
"Damn, Baby, you are drunk!"
"Go, Steve. I don't want to see you anymore, tonight. Go get Josh and Mike!"
**********
I put on some shorts and a tee shirt and left the room. I went out the front door closed it behind me and then knocked on the door. I heard a very faint "come in".
I picked up the dildo and headed back into the bedroom. Roni was lying on the bed nude.
She said " Oh my Gosh...Mike and Josh...I'm so sorry, I thought you were Steve. And here I am completely naked...I'm so embarrassed!"
I said "Hello Roni . Don't be upset you look gorgeous"
"but now you have seen me naked"
"Yes ...and now we need to fuck you'
"But what about Steve?"
"He's passed out at our place...don't worry we promise not to tell him anything"
"You guys are so naughty!"
"So are you going to let us fuck you?"
"I don't know , I've never done anything like that before".
"Would you like to start off by sucking our cocks?"
I walked over, pulled my cock out and stood next to the bed. She sat up, reached out and grabbed it with her right hand.
She said "Would you like that?
"You know I would, and don't forget about Mike".
I held the dildo in my right hand so she could reach it. I then told her to sit on the edge of the bed. She took my cock in her right hand and grabbed "Mike" with her left. She said "My God Mike, you are so big!"
I put my other hand behind her head and pulled her toward my cock. She took me in her mouth as she stroked "Mike" with her left hand. I pushed her away from my cock and inserted "Mike" Into her mouth. She took the first two inches into her mouth. I said" Me and Mike are going to fuck you so good tonight. She started stroking my cock as she was working "Mike" in and out of her mouth. I reached down and started playing with her pussy. You are very wet, are you ready to get fucked. She took Mike out of her mouth and moaned "yes"
She was gripping Mike with her left hand so I let go and told her to get on her knees on the bed and turn her ass to face me.
I waited for her to get into position then I moved up to her and gently inserted my cock into her waiting pussy. She was so wet that I slid right in. She was taking as much of Mike in her mouth as she could handle. I started fucking her harder and harder.
She was moaning softly. After a few minutes she said" I want Mike to fuck me".
I told her to lay on her back. I positioned her along the side of the bed. I moved to her mouth and slid my cock in. I took Mike from her and started rubbing her outer pussy with it. I then pretended to be Mike. I said" you want me to fuck your tight little pussy?"
"Yes"
"Are you sure you can handle me"
"Yes"
I slid the end of Mike into her waiting pussy, Roni let out a gasp.
"I am going to fuck you so hard"
I pushed another couple of inches into her. She forced her pussy further onto the cock.
"You are such a horny little girl aren't you".
"More than you know!"
"Does my cock feel good in your tight little pussy?"
"Oh God yes."
I pushed it further into her. She spread her legs further and moaned loudly. I started working the large dildo in and out of her pussy. To my surprise she was pulling it harder into her.
I released the fake cock and let her have full control of it. I put my hand on the back of her head and forced my cock all the way into her mouth. She took it eagerly. Watching Roni Fuck herself with Mikes large member was more than I could handle. I started fucking her mouth harder.
She pressed Mike deep in her pussy and held it there grinding her pussy against it..
I came in her mouth and she swallowed all of it.
After I Came, I had her turn slightly on the bed I slid in between her legs took Mike from her and stated fucking her with it. She put her feet on my shoulders and started moaning loudly.
"Fuck me Mike...Harder"
"You like this don't you?"
"Oh God yes... you are so big!"
"Your pussy is so tight. You're going to make me cum".
"Don't stop......keep fucking me...faster...faster"
"You love this big cock don't you?"
"Yes...oh God yes"
"You will let me fuck me again ...won't you?"
"Oh God yes... you feel so good, you are filling my pussy up .... I have wanted this since the first time I saw your big cock at the pool!"
"I know... Steve told me. He also said I could fuck you if I wanted to."
"He told you that?"
"Yes, he said he thought that you would enjoy it".
"Oh God... Oh God ...I'm cuming...".
She reached down grabbed Mike and pushed as hard as she could into her pussy. She started bucking her hips and had an orgasm that left her shaking all over. I let her enjoy the orgasm and then gently removed Mike.
I leaned over, kissed her and asked " was that as good for you as it was for me?"
Roni smiled and said "you may have created a monster."