Another work day was over. I sat on the redwood deck behind my house in Walnut Creek sipping a neat Scotch, watching the fog creep over the Oakland hills, and indulging in a good cigar. What a shame you can't get Cubans here, I thought. Canada has them and they're great. I mean hell, if we can have our running shoes made in Viet Nam, why can't we import Cuban cigars? Government is even more fucked up than big corporations and I know a fair amount about big corporations. I have spent a career working for one and selling it's enterprise software to lots of others.
Ah Linda, I thought returning to my lunch time thoughts about a one time lover. But you know, great as Linda was, there were lots of other women, and some of them were very interesting. Very interesting indeed.
For instance there was Louise. Ah yes, Louise the librarian:
I was in my senior year at UC Davis when I met Louise. I was just finishing up a degree in computer science, having learned, first and foremost, that I had no interest whatsoever in spending a lifetime sitting in front of a CRT screen writing code (Remember CRT screens? The rest of the world called them a TV, but nerds have an acronym for everything). I could do it, but god it was boring. You could go days without human contact.
For a lack of a better idea, I was pursuing a minor in English. Maybe it was Lisa that inspired me. I don't recall now, but Dad agreed to pay for an extra year, and I was diligently hacking my way through writing classes and English literature classes—some interesting and some boring. When I got desperate I would go down to Berkeley and get help from Lisa (and usually laid in the bargain).
I was in the library working on a research paper about Dickens' London. Lisa had warned me that Dickens was dreadful stuff, and she was right, but it was better than writing code, and I had all my CS requirements done, the absolute minimum I needed to get my degree. There was a woman working behind the counter, checking out books and occasionally shushing flirting couples that were making too much noise. She was maybe ten years or so older than me. I noticed that she wore essentially the same clothes every day—a dark plaid A-Line skirt that hung loosely from her hips and ended a bit below her knees, flat shoes (black, and polished to a shine that would make an Army drill instructor smile), and a neatly pressed white cotton blouse that buttoned to her neck. Her hair, a thick lustrous brown, was pulled straight back and tied in a serviceable pony tail that reached to the middle of her back. The look was completed by no, or minimal, make-up, no jewelry beyond a pair of simple gold posts in her ear lobes, a pair of reading glasses that hung from a braided gold neck chain when she wasn't wearing them or simply looking over the top of them as they perched on the end of her nose, and a black, library issued, name tag that identified her as Louise.
As I said, the stuff I was working on was just slightly more interesting that writing code in Cobal or C or some other now forgotten language they were teaching in those days, so I paid attention to her every time she came out from behind the counter to shush some errant couple. I couldn't reach much in the way of conclusions about what she was really like beneath those clothes. Her hips were pretty much hidden beneath the loose folds of her skirt as were her thighs. She had very shapely calves below the hem of the skirt, and there seemed to be a bosom that pushed the white blouse out despite her obvious desire to hide it. She had high cheek bones and shapely lips. Her eyes were a grey-blue and not particularly wide, almost cat-like. They reminded me of Lauren Bacall. They moved rapidly as she looked about the room. When we occasionally made eye contact, she always looked quickly away. I suspected that with a bit of make-up her face would have turned heads, but . . . who knew.
As my mind wandered from my efforts to find something intelligent to say about how the culture of Dickens' London had affected his writing (or how his writing had affected London's culture. He was that big a deal), I couldn't keep myself from watching Louise and wondering about her. What kind of person was she? She dressed like an old-maid librarian, but beneath that, was there the beauty of a fashion model? No way to tell. She worked in a library and tried to maintain order amongst college students who were there more for the social potential than for the wisdom of the centuries buried in the books. At least that's how I assumed she viewed her task—casting pearls before swine. As I watched her go about her job I wondered about what her non-work life was like. Did she go home each night to a quiet dinner with her cat and then curl-up with a good book, perhaps Bronte or, god forbid, Dickens, a well-loved tome she had been through numerous times before, but she still re-read to squeeze the last bit of value from it. Yes, I thought. I could see her in her well-worn flannel pajamas and a warm blanket, the purring cat curled in her lap, while she absorbed yet another re-read of Great Expectations. In short, I was obsessing over her.
My old-maid-cat-in-lap assessment couldn't have been more wrong.
Eventually my boredom with what I was working on and my more or less self-generated fantasies about Louise pushed me to the point that I made up an excuse to talk to her.
I approached her work station and, speaking in my best library whisper, said "Excuse me. I'm working on a paper for Professor Smithson's class on Dickens."
"Yes?" she whispered, looking at me over the top of her reading glasses, her grey eyes focused intently on me to the exclusion of all else.
"Well, I was wondering if you could give me a suggestion for some materials describing 19thcentury London. See, the theory I'm trying to pursue is that understanding Dickens' work requires the reader to understand the culture he lived in as he was writing."
Louise pulled her glasses from the end of her nose where they normally resided when she was talking to students. She looked at me long and hard, while chewing on an ear piece of her glasses that dangled from a hand. I've always wondered what was going through her mind. Most likely just debating why she shouldn't tell me how sophomoric my idea was, but ultimately, she leaned forward on her elbows and asked, "Who's your professor again?"
"Smithson," I repeated.
"Hmm," she said, obviously continuing to think.
I waited in silence.
Apparently reaching a decision about me, she drew herself upright, pushing her chest out a bit (yes, she did have a bosom under that white blouse after all) and said, "No that won't do, won't do at all."
"No?" I questioned her.
"It's a thesis Smithson's heard a thousand time before, and critics have hacked it to death. The best you will get, matter how good a job you do, will be a B."
A B sounded fine to me, I thought. My standards for success weren't very high. But I didn't think she would be very impressed with that attitude, so I said, "Oh, I see."
"I have an idea though that might be a more productive approach for you, if you're interested."
"Okay."
"My shift ends in half an hour. Meet me downstairs in the cafeteria. And your name?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm Andrew. I forgot I'm not wearing a name tag like you are."
She smiled, amused at my clumsiness. It was the first time I had seen her smile. Her teeth were even and white, and the skin at the corners of her eyes crinkled a bit. It was a smile that lit up the room—or at least it did for me.
Half an hour later I was sitting across a table from Louise sipping a coffee, as was she. She had released her hair from the ponytail and it hung down her shoulders and back. I also noticed that a couple of the buttons on the white blouse had been released. The skin of her throat and the small part of her chest that was exposed was a delicious creamy white.
"So you're an English major, are you?" she asked.
I smiled. "Not exactly. I'm actually a CS major. English is my minor."
"Oh." She thought for a moment. " Odd combination. The general view is that computer science majors can't read, and English majors can't count. If you can't do either one, how did you get in here and survive to your senior year?"
"I can do both, quite easily and comfortably," I responded. "Maybe the general rule is incorrect." She was so confident, I felt a need to challenge her—just a bit.
"Hmm. Interesting. Anyhow, here's the point I didn't have time to explain upstairs. What you are trying to do is what every senior English major has done since books were invented. Of course authors and their writing are a product of their environment, their culture if you will. It's so obvious that it merits a grade of 'Duh' which is somewhere well below the A,B,C,D,F scale. But somehow the University has to push its undergraduates through, so that thesis is written up again and again, and as long as it's not too inept, we push the student on through with the University's seal of approval."
"I see," I said, feeling more than a bit intellectually deflated.
"I have another idea that you might want to pursue. I have to be honest though. I'm not sure whether it will really turn into a paper you can turn into Smithson or not. He's an odd duck. It'll be fascinating to research, but a paper—maybe, maybe not. Right now I have to go. Meanwhile go back upstairs and check out this book." She wrote briefly on a slip of paper and handed it to me. "It will give you everything you need to write your paper for Smithson. You'll only get a B, but hopefully that's good enough. Let me take a look at what you write when we get together again. I'll help you fix anything you screw up. Meet me at the main checkout desk on this level at 5:30, day after tomorrow and I'll explain about our new project. Now go get the paper written. I have to go."
With that she was gone and I was sitting staring at the name and author of a book on 19thCentury England. I liked the idea of this woman taking a look at my paper. She was a little wound up, but she seemed to know what she was talking about. I had no idea what I was getting into with her alternative idea, so I decided I better knock out a quick B-grade paper on Dickens' London and have that ready to turn in if her other idea didn't work out. But that meant I was going to have to get to work right away to get it done.
By the time of our appointed meeting I had a pretty good draft of my paper done, and I was waiting for Louise at the main checkout desk. She walked up, and I handed her a folder with a 12 page paper in it.
"Wow! You're quick." Again with the high voltage smile. "Let's go upstairs into the stacks. I'll show you the alternative project you can pursue if you find it interesting. While you take a look at some of the materials, I'll review this and mark it up for you."
We took an elevator up a couple of floors and walked to a back corner of the building where there was an unmarked door guarded by a card key system. She had the necessary card key and took me through the door into a restricted set of stacks filled with books accessible only to the faculty. We climbed through a couple of additional floors. The stairs and the floors were made of metal grid—the kind you can see straight through when you look down, or up or that matter. At one point Louise got a little ahead of me and I realized I could see through the floor grate and up her skirt. The light was dim, but I saw enough to confirm that she had a pair of very lean, sexy thighs to match her shapely calves.
She looked back at me and said, "Keep up. I don't want to lose you up here. You'll never find your way out."
I hurried and caught up with her. She was standing and waiting for me with an odd look on her face, sort of a wry smile. I was worried that she had seen me looking up her skirt. "Sorry," I said in my best library whisper.
"No need to whisper here," she said. "These are restricted stacks. There's never anyone up here." She turned and strode away, saying, "This way." The metal grated floor made a clanking noise as we walked across it.
She was right. I never would have found my way out of the labyrinth she led me through without her as a guide. As we walked she reached behind herself and released her pony tail. She shook her head and her long hair fell down her back.
Eventually we came to a back corner where there were a pair of carrells side by side across an aisle. The floor around the carrells was concrete rather than the metal grid used elsewhere in these ancient stacks. Louise flicked on the lights in the area, dropped my paper on the desk in one carrell, and told me to sit in the other while she got me some materials I would want to look at. She was back shortly with a stack of books, which she deposited in my carrell. They were obviously 19thcentury or older from the condition of the leather binding. There were no titles, just quality leather binding, weathered with age.
"Do you know what these are?" she asked as she took a seat on the desk of my carrel, her legs, split by the corner of the desk top but still demurely covered above her knees by her plaid skirt. She pushed the skirt down between her thighs. I could see their long, slim shape but no more. Her feet were swinging just short of the floor. I was beginning to doubt my spinster librarian theory.
She didn't wait for me respond. "These are the part of Dickens' culture that doesn't get written about by Dickens or anyone else."
"Unpublished volumes of his writings?" I asked.
"No . . . or at least we don't think so." A trace of a smile drifted across her face. She opened one of the books to its cover page. "They have several elements in common. They are all very finely bound. Books like these weren't offered for sale to the masses. These were custom bound for some rich gentleman's very private library."
"Or a gentlewoman?" I asked.
"Possibly, but not likely in 19thcentury England. She would have to be very rich and have a man fronting for her to get her hands on these books."
"You'll also note," she continued, "that none of them have a publisher credit or an author credit. The most they may say is 'Anonymous' although many of them give no credit at all, as though the ink had just sprung onto the page by itself." She opened a book and pushed it towards me, leaning forward, . . . and, in the bargain, giving me a view down the front of her white blouse showing me her breasts rising above her bra cups.
"Here Andrew, here," she said tapping the book's cover page. She could see the distraction the view down the front of her blouse created, no doubt having intended it, and while she reprimanded me, she maintained her posture, more or less daring me to look again.
"The other thing you will find is that all of these books are pornographic. These books appear to have come from some gentleman's private collection of 19thcentury erotica. When you compare the writing in these to the writing in the porn that was widely available on the streets of London you will see this is much better. We think these books were commissioned from some quality 19thcentury writer by a rich man. They are one-offs. Each one is unique and no other copies have ever been located."
"So now I am going to go sit in that carrell and read your paper, and I want you to sit here and read these books. Then we can talk about your project. She was still leaning forward and another button had been released, so I could see even more of her breasts, if I dared to take a brief additional look. She caught me looking again, but did no more about it than give me a sly look through her cat like, grey eyes. She would have been disappointed, after releasing another button, if I hadn't looked, and she didn't mind me knowing that. I was beginning to think that this woman might want more from me than just help with a pet research project.
I began to read, and it was indeed, kinky stuff. Not just plain vanilla sex, but also all manner of sodomy, masochism, dominance and submission, exhibitionism and voyeurism, and other sordid perversions. The participants seemed inordinately fond of handcuffs, whips, gags, dildos, oral sex, and buggering. I had previously read some classic, widely distributed 19thCentury erotica (The Pearl, The Romance of Lust, and a couple of others) and Louise was right. The writing in these books was much better.
In fact the writing was good enough to have been Dickens. I paused for a moment and let the idea run through my head. Perhaps Dickens, before he reached commercial success, had to write porn to keep the rent paid? Who knew and how could you prove it. The other thought that crossed my mind was who was the "we" that Louise was referring to. Was she working for a professor on this project?
I couldn't answer either of these questions so I settled down and began to read the porn in earnest. I have always liked porn, especially the rare bits you find that are well written. I got seriously into a story about a young man being seduced by his lecherous aunt. The author spent a whole page describing her generous bosom in excruciating detail, but it was done from the young man's perspective, interspersed with graphic descriptions of how hard his cock got as he enjoyed his aunt's' "titty play" as he called it.
I was so engrossed in the lurid material I was reading I forgot about Louise until I heard her slap down my paper and say, "Not bad. Smithson will give you a B. I've marked a few places that you could work on and maybe get it to a B+. I'll be back in a minute or two." With that she stood and disappeared into the stacks.
I hope she comes back I thought. I'm not sure I can find my way out of here. Then I returned to my reading. The young man's aunt had just titty fucked him until he squirted cum all over her face and tits. It made me think of doing that with Mrs. E. I felt my cock stirring as I thought about my summer with Mrs. E.
I had just started a new chapter in which the aunt was going to teach the young man how to eat her pussy. After the prior chapter, I'd found it necessary to adjust the shorts I was wearing to make room for my swelling cock. That was when Louise reappeared. Had she seen me adjusting my shorts? I was worried. Given the way she chastised the couples in the reading room, I expected she had very little tolerance for oversexed undergraduates.
She said nothing to me as she took her seat in the carrell across the aisle from me. She had brought a book back with her and was sitting primly in her seat, her back erect, her knees pressed together, and the book opened flat on the desk top before her—every bit the prim and proper librarian.
I continued to read the chapter in which the young man is trained in the art of cunnilingus by his aunt, but I couldn't help but be distracted by Louise's occasional movements across from me. For the first ten minutes she did little but periodically turn a page—not too quickly. She was obviously reading the book slowly. She wasn't taking notes so the conclusion my lecherous mind reached was that it was also porn and she was savoring it. I liked that idea. It fit with my notion that there was an interesting woman concealed beneath her spinsterish garb and that she wanted more from me than just help in a research project.
About the time I reached the aunt's initial climax I noticed that Louise was occasionally squirming in her seat. Not continuously, just occasionally, like when she turned a page. Was she aroused by the porn she was reading and rubbing her pussy lips together?
I returned to my book, reading of the aunt's lecturing of the young man for driving her to her climax too quickly. She explained that he needed to back away from her clit when she showed signs of an approaching climax. "The art is in the tease she told him. Get me to the edge and hold me there." That was when I noticed a new motion from Louise's carrell. She crossed her legs, letting her plaid skirt drift above her knees, just a bit.
As the aunt approached her second climax, telling her young nephew to push his fingers into her "quim'" ( an archaic term for cunt I learned later when I found a place to look it up), Louise began to cross and re-cross her legs as she turned each page. Each time her dress climbed a little higher on her legs. I had been right. She had lovely, lean, sexy thighs. I could see that she had released a couple of additional buttons on her blouse and there was a flush on the otherwise creamy skin of her upper chest. I thought it beautiful. I was sure now she was aroused by her reading material. There seemed to be no sign of the bra I had seen earlier. She was using a finger of one hand to twist a lock of hair repeatedly, totally engrossed in her reading.
About the time I got to the end of the aunt's lesson on cunnilingus and was about to start a chapter in which the aunt had moved on into cock sucking, Louise made a major change in her posture. She put a leg up on the desk and rocked back on the legs of the chair so her other leg was spread widely, her toe barely touching the concrete floor—just enough to push off and rock the chair. She was holding the book in one hand and the other hand, was now releasing the remaining buttons on her blouse.
She looked at me over the top of her glasses. "Are you enjoying this material Andrew?" Her free hand tugged her blouse free from the waist of her skirt and her breasts were fully exposed now. The bra I had seen earlier had definitely gone missing, not that I was disappointed about that. Her tits were larger than I had expected. Louise was one of those women I've met from time to time who look flat chested, until you actually see them naked and realized that they have a relatively small chest but still have good sized breasts mounted seductively on a narrow chest. My cock leaped to attention forcing me to make yet another adjustment to my shorts.
"Uh yes. . . . "It looks like you are too," I said. She was using her free hand to fondle a breast and twist its nipple now.
"Yes, I am. This book is one of my favorites, but I've read it a couple of times before." She set the book down and pulled the hem of her dress up to her waist. With her legs spread as they were, the light coming from my carrell exposed her white cotton panties, pulled snugly against her sex so her pussy lips were clearly outlined. There was a damp spot on the panties. She leaned back in the chair, her legs spread lewdly as she used her hands to masturbate her tits.
"And what are you reading, Andrew?"
I was using a hand to stroke my hard-on through the fabric of my shorts. "Uhh . . . " I said. "It doesn't seem to have a title, or an author, or a publisher."
"Those are some of the best ones," she responded. She now had one hand on her white cotton panties massaging her sex through the soggy cloth. "You know though that you would probably enjoy it more if you let your cock out of those shorts."
"You think so?" I said, now openly massaging my engorged cock through my shorts.
"Oh yes." As she spoke, she pushed her panties aside exposing her sex. Her outer lips were swollen and glistening with her juices, and she used a finger to slide between them to molest the succulent, tender flesh below.
I took her at her word, raised my hips, and pushed my shorts and underwear off, letting them to fall to my feet. I kicked off the flip flops I had been wearing along with the clothing I had just pushed to my feet, so I was now sitting naked but for a T-shirt. My cock was standing straight up, fully erect, and seeking a pussy to engage. When I reached down to stroke it, I found more than a few drops of precum on its head.
"My you have a beautiful prick," she said. I was stroking it slowly as she stared at me and slowly stroked her pussy lips which were now fully visible, the panties having been pushed well to the side.
She picked up her book and went back to her reading, leaving one hand free to slowly stroke her glistening pussy lips, and dip briefly into her cunt from time to time. I sat staring at her, my hips pushed forward and my hand slowly stroking my cock. I had lost interest in the book. Watching Louise masturbate was far better.
After several minutes of watching, I said, "That must be very interesting material."
"It is," she said, putting the book down and looking straight at me. "A young girl has been caught having sex with her older cousin. It really wasn't her fault. He was an experienced cocksman, and he seduced her. Now she has been banished from her home by her puritan father. Her cousin, who wants a continued opportunity to fuck her from time to time, has taken her to a house of ill repute. Do you know what that is Andrew?"
"A whore house," I said quietly.
"Exactly," Louise said as she pushed her panties off her hips and kicked them away from her feet somewhere in the direction my clothes had gone. Now she had both hands on her sex, spreading her pussy lips wide apart and showing the flushed sensitive tissue beneath them.
"Have you ever been to a whore house Andrew?"
"No," I said slightly shocked.
"My husband likes them," she said. "Or he used to until he had a minor stroke a couple of years ago."
"Did you go with him?"
"No, Andrew. Whore houses are not a place for wives. That is where men go to do the kinky things they think, or know, there wives won't do."
"Oh," I said. "I've never been to a whore house and I am not married, so I guess I wouldn't know."
"Yes you wouldn't, would you?"
I pulled my t-shirt off and tossed it after the rest of my clothes so I was now naked. "So what happens to her in the whore house?" I asked, trying to move the subject back to book. I wasn't sure how much I wanted to learn about her husband.
"The madam takes the young woman in and teaches her everything there is to know about being a high class courtesan. The description of the lessons is very graphic and detailed."
"And is it well written," I asked." In line with your thesis of a mystery erotica author with talent?" Her attention was now totally focused on my rigid cock as I sat stroking it before her.
"Yes," she whispered. The books were forgotten as we watched each other masturbate.
"God, you have a beautiful cock," she said.
"You said that before," I reminded her. She now had two fingers buried deep in her cunt as she stared at my cock.
"I know."
"Take the rest of your clothes off," I said.
She smiled, "I thought you would never ask." She stood and slipped off her skirt and blouse to match my nudity. Her beauty was stunning as she stood before me. Long shapely legs, trim, but still round and well-muscled hips, a neatly trimmed bush that topped her gleaming lips, and an absolutely delicious pair of tits.
"You are lovely," I said.
She did a little pirouette before the carrell, obviously enjoying her exposure and my lustful attention. Then she walked toward me and said simply and clearly, "Andrew, do you like to fuck?"
"Yes."
"Good."
She stood facing me, her legs on either side of mine, and lowered herself down onto my lap. I put my hands on her ass, pulling her forward so my cock was trapped between her pussy and my belly. I could feel the warm juices that were making her lips gleam. Having gotten her properly seated, I begin using my hands to massage her breasts. Each one was just a handful, not massive like Mrs. E's tits and not bee stings like Lisa's.
She raised herself up and reached down to position the head of my cock at the mouth of her cunt. Then she slowly lowered herself down, wiggling just a bit as she impaled herself on my cock.
"Oh . . .Yes. . . . Oh Andrew. That feels so good. It's been so long."
"Really?" I said. "You're a beautiful woman."
"My husband . . ." she paused. "He's older than me and has lost interest, since he had that minor stroke."
"Oh god," I said. "How could anyone lose interest in a pussy like yours. It's so fucking comfortable. Who is this fool?"
She smiled. "It's Professor Smithson."
I froze. I was fucking my professor's wife. "You're his wife and Professor Smithson goes to whorehouses?"
"Yes and yes, but don't worry. He doesn't care who I fuck, so long as I am discreet about it. And you will be discreet, won't you Andrew?" She squeezed my cock with the muscles in her cunt for punctuation. How could anyone say no to that. Yes, this was yet another time in my life when a lot of people might think I should have said no to a woman. But how the hell do you say no when your cock is already buried in her cunt? All I could say was, "Of course I'm always discreet."
"Good, because your cock feels really good and I would hate to have to stop this."
"I used to be Smithson's TA when I was working on my Masters. He was my advisor. He seduced me, as he had other women he worked with before, but I convinced him to leave his estranged wife and marry me. That's why I know how he'll grade your paper. I do most of the grading. He likes to deliver his boring lectures, but he hates to do the grading."
"How did you get him to leave his wife?"
She giggled. "I was willing to go to a whore house with him and watch as some young woman tied him up and then sucked him off. She was very abusive. He loved it. He loved it later when I treated him the same way. His wife wouldn't do that."
Too much information about her husband again. "So does that mean I can get an A . . . on my paper?"
She laughed. "We'll see how this afternoon goes."
Now she began to bounce on my cock and I used my back and legs to drive my shaft in deeper on each return stroke.
"And the research project?" I asked.
She laughed. "I thought that by now you would have figured out there isn't a research project. I just wanted to get you up here and seduce you."
"Oh." (I didn't care. Her cunt felt marvelous). We fucked in near silence, the only sound our panting and the sound of my prick sliding in and out of her dripping cunt.
"Are you going to tie me up?" I asked
She stopped moving and looked at me through her cat like eyes. "Oh so you're one of those," she said. "Maybe, if you're good. Right now I just want to fuck. It's been way too long since I had a big cock like this in me. Just fuck me now Andrew."
There was more silence. Just the lewd noises of our coupling.
"Oh fuck you've got a marvelous cock. It touches me everywhere. So fucking good." She reached down between us and began stroking her clit. Within moments she was hanging on the edge of an orgasm. "OH, OH, OH. This is so fucking good. I'm close so close. OH here it comes. Oh shit I'm CUMMMMMMMING." She bucked and screamed for what seemed forever to me. I was gripping her ass firmly with both hands to keep her from falling off my lap. And then, just as quickly as it had begun, her orgasm stopped and she collapsed her face on my shoulders.
I could feel tears running down my chest.
"Louise. Are you okay," I asked.
She picked her head up and looked at me with her grey eyes. "Okay? Okay Andrew? I haven't been this okay in months. I always cry after a good climax. But I have to know. You're still hard, aren't you? You didn't cum, did you?"
I responded by pumping my cock as deep into her still cramping cunt as I could get it. "Oh shit," she said, her grey eyes as wide as I ever saw them.
We spent the next two hours in that empty, hidden section of the stacks fucking our brains out. I finger fucked her and ate her to screaming climaxes. I fucked her from behind on her knees on the floor, and bent face down over the desk. We fucked on the floor missionary style, spooning, and cowgirl. I fucked her laying on her back on the carrell table with her legs over my shoulders, and just about any other position we could bend ourselves into. She sucked my cock until I sprayed my hot cum all over those beautiful tits of hers. I came at least three times that afternoon and I have no idea how many times Louise climaxed.
Even better, I spent the rest of that school year with a regular Thursday afternoon tryst with Louise in the old restricted stacks. Once I became convinced I wasn't wrecking a marriage, but just providing Louise with the sex her husband couldn't provide, it was great. We stored a couple of yoga mats up there to soften the concrete floor. Sometimes we would role play scenes from the Victorian porn. I would be the lecherous uncle and she the demurring, but horny, young woman who would ultimately succumb to my lechery. She would bring costumes to enhance our play. Nothing decent mind you, but always arousing. One time she brought a nun's habit supplemented with black, calf-high, laced boots. The spiky heels didn't work all that well with the metal grate floor but it was sexy as hell when she was on her back with her legs spread and feet in the air. She brought in a couple of her husband's neck ties and we took turns tying each other up. I liked to bend her over the carrell desk top tying her hands to the other side. Then I would fuck her from behind and slap her ass hard while we fucked. She loved it. My god we had a good time in that old library and nobody cared but us.
Yes, my affair with Louise was a great one. It ended when her husband accepted a new position on the English faculty at Brown, and being the dutiful wife she was, Louise went with him. I never had any doubt that Louise would follow her husband because she was in love with him. My only role in her life was to provide the sex her husband could no longer give her. Presumably Brown found a job for her in their library and hopefully she found a young undergraduate to fuck her silly like I had. It would have been a shame for a woman like Louise to do without.
I felt bad when she left, but not heartbroken. We weren't in love—just two horny people having a good time in a way that wasn't hurting anyone else. Yes, I thought, Louise was one of the good ones.
Oh yes, I remembered. I did get an A on the paper and for the whole class for that matter. The only time I ever fucked my way to an A.
Now I watched the sun disappear into the fog that was crawling over the Oakland hills. My Scotch was gone and my cigar finished. Time to go in and fix dinner.