James looked down at me sprawled out on the bed, dressed in soft leather thigh length boots accompanied by a very tight soft leather basque all in a very wicked shiny black. My large firm breasts were exposed on account of the basque being cupless and with my legs akimbo, my shaved tight pussy was on display. I stroked a finger up and down my shaved slit, looking in to James eyes and smiling.
"Are you looking forward to seeing your cheating slut wife take her first black cock?" I enquired still running my finger up and down my slit.
James smiled smugly, nodding slowly in agreement.
In the distance I could hear Neil speaking on his phone.
"Yeah she's fucking red hot. She's a married slut with huge tits. Her husband is here to watch!" Neil said rather enthusiastically.
"She all leathered up at the minute and every hole is available!" Neil continued "OK I'll see you and Ali in half an hour!"
Neil walked over to the bed smiling. Standing at the foot of the bed he smiled.
"Ali and Dec will be here in about thirty minutes and they're both looking forward to fucking you Suzi!" He smiled looking over at James for reassurance.
"I must warn you Suzi that both of these guys have cocks bigger than ten inches and both will want to fuck all of your holes, so we better get your holes prepped to receive these beasts!" Neil said nodding toward the big black mambo cock.
James picked up the huge black cock and began to rub the head up and down my very tight wet shaved slit. I held my pussylips open showing my tight pink wetness, smiling at James as he rubbed the monster cock on my exposed cunt.
"Push it in slowly!" I panted, getting more excited by the second.
James pushed the head slowly inside my stretching pussy, watching my labia grip the thick black shaft. I groaned with pure pleasure as the mambo cock stretched me, preparing me for the huge black cocks that would be spearing and pleasuring me.
Neil began to take photos of the mambo cock plundering my pussy.
"You'll need to ensure her ass is up to it also!" Neil smiled as James looked at my pussy stretched like never before.
James removed the mambo cock slowly, causing my body to shudder with shear sexual pleasure. I raised my legs higher, offering my pink puckered asshole to the black mambo cock. James kindly spat on my asshole for lubricant, causing me to shudder with sexual excitement. The tip nudged at my asshole as I pulled my butt cheeks wide apart. The head of the mambo cock eased into my asshole slowly, stretching my sphincter deliciously. This felt sensational and heightened my libido dramatically. Neil continued to click away with his industrious camera, capturing every sordid, depraved moment of my slut sexual antics.
My mouth was open as my breathing quickened, enjoying the humiliating aspect of my husband stretching my holes for two black cocks to fuck me. A small but nonetheless wonderful orgasm surged through me as I began to roll my hips, now comfortable with the huge black cock stretching my asshole.
"Fuck! I'm going to need a cigarette after this!" I giggled excitedly, fucking the black combo cock in front of my husband and his friend.
I noticed that both James and Neil were sporting very obvious erections, studiously watching me defiled by the black cock. Neil placed the camera down and walked over to his desk. He returned with a very large bottle of baby oil.
"James rub some of this on to her tits, then smear her shaved pussy and asshole with a good coating!" Neil smiled handing the bottle to James.
James flicked the top of the baby oil and squirted a lavish coating on my large firm breasts. Placing the bottle down he began to manipulate my breast, massaging the shiny oil into my smooth tanned flesh. I was still impaled anally on the black mambo as my husband rubbed the glossy fluid on to my breasts. James picked up the bottle once more and tilted the receptacle, allowing the oil to run onto the palm of his left hand. He placed his hand directly on the shaved flesh of my pussy mound and began to firmly rub the oil into my skin. He then aimed the bottle at my ass, and squirted a copious amount of baby oil on my stretched asshole. The huge cock slid inside me much easier with baby oil lubricant helping the massive black cock glide and slide.
Neil had now added a third video camera into the mix as he set up the visuals for my black cock porno debut.
The studio door opened with gusto as two huge, muscly black men walked in. These guys were walking sex objects. Their biceps were bigger than my husbands thighs!
I wasn't embarrassed in any shape or form, considering I was on a bed dressed in leather basque and thigh length boots, my tits and shaved pussy on full display to my soon to be co stars, and to cap it all a huge black dildo was stretching my asshole. Both guys walked over to the bed looking at me lustfully as they began to disrobe without any introductions.
"Fuck you're right man. She is a very sexy naughty slut. I'm Ali and this is Dec. You must be her old man!" Ali smiled looking at James.
James nodded his head in silence as Ali removed his tracksuit bottoms, revealing the biggest cock I've ever saw. My pussy began to tingle as the huge black snake began to harden and grow before my eyes. Dec had now reached the same status as Ali, his big black cock being displayed proudly, poking magnificently forward, shiny and shaved. Their balls were also a thing of beauty, dangling spectacularly below their unnaturally large cocks. My pussy was visibly quivering with unadulterated excitement and unquestionable anticipation at these cocks sliding inside my married white cheating holes.
"You ready for some black cock now Slut?" Ali smiled arrogantly.
He had every reason to be arrogant his cock was such a perfect specimen. I bit my lip teasingly and nodded my headed, indicating my readiness to be fucked. Neil leant in and slid the black mambo out of my stretched and lubed asshole. I'd forgotten the cock was still inside me, such was my level of arousal the two huge black cocks were providing.
"We're gonna fuck your slut real good mister!" Dec stated, stroking his magnificent length "She's gonna come like you've never seen before!" He continued confidently "Now suck my black cock, white slut!"
I moved like a panther toward the huge cock, opening my mouth in anticipation, sliding my lips gently over the enormous glans. The musky manly smell of his rampant cock had my nostrils flaring with primeval desire.
I swirled my tongue around his super sized bell end, grazing my teeth gently on the sensitive flesh.
"This cheating slut sure knows how to suck black cock!" Dec stated "Ali it's about time you fucked the bitch!"
The way they spoke about me and the way they were treating me were hitting all of the right notes with me and I just knew that James would be in his element at the humiliating tone.
Ali knelt behind me and brushed his titanic cock up and down my shaved slit. The heat coming from his cock had my eyes rolling in my head as I sucked the huge cock before me. Ali spat on my pussy, causing me to squirm and moan with submissive ecstasy. I desperately needed this cock inside me and pushed my pussy toward the enormous black weapon. My pussy opened, almost sucking Ali's cock into my tight shaved slot. His cock slid inside me like a snake exploring, as inch by inch his cock stretched and filled my pussy like never before. I came instantly when his huge balls slapped against my shaved pussy, signalling his cock was fully inside me.
The searing heat of the huge cock, combined with the divine stretching of my pussy, was a glorious mix of pain and pleasure that I never wanted to end.
"You love the black cock don't you slut!" Ali snarled through gritted teeth.
I removed Dec's cock from my mouth, panting furiously as my orgasm seemed to continue without any signs of cessation.
"I love black cock! I'm your black cock slut and you can do whatever you want with me!" I sobbed as my lust and emotions intertwined.
James looked on shocked but more aroused than I'd ever seen.
"We may just pimp you out to the brothers!" Dec smiled "But first we're gonna fuck all of your tight white holes and send you back to your husband stretched and full of spunk!"
Ali slapped my ass forcefully, the smacking sound echoing around the studio.
"I'm gonna lie on the bed and you're gonna ride my big black cock!" Ali growled "Then my man Dec is gonna fuck your ass! We're going airtight bitch!"
My eyes rolled with shameless pleasure as Ali removed his life changing cock from my pussy and lay back on the bed. His beautiful black cock was coated with my pussy juice from my never ending orgasm. His cock looked magnificent all shiny and black. I straddled his enormous cock as it slid into my pussy with consummate ease. I began to slowly rock my hips, grinding my pussy on the sensational manhood. Dec was behind me as Ali began to twist the pierced nipples of my huge firm breasts. The pain pleasure ratio was increasing in intensity and would go off the scale the moment Dec pushed his cock toward my pink puckered asshole.
Dec spat forcibly on to my asshole and slid his huge index finger into my ass. He removed his finger abruptly and spat once more. I quivered with excitement as he pushed his cock into my sphincter. The stretching sensation along with the searing heat was incredible, sensual yet painful. His cock went beyond my sphincter as his length slowly slid inside my asshole, endorsing his airtight statement. I had never ever felt so full of cock, so outrageously sexy and defiantly slutty. This is what my body was born to do. The two black cocks began to pound me like I'd never thought possible. Orgasm after orgasm burst through my body, my breathing uncontrollable as Ali kissed my lips, my panting breath filling his mouth as the two guys completely sexually satisfied me. The thin layer of flesh between my pussy and ass, was being stretched to its limit as I felt the two cocks slide in and out of my tight holes. I wasn't sure if James cock would ever satisfy me again such was the intensity of this fucking.
"We'll be coming soon!" Said Ali "And this slut will take all of our seed inside her holes. We're going to flood the whore!"
I saw James visibly shake with excitement as Ali declared his intentions.
"Fuck me and give me your seed!" I begged just as both cocks began to spew copious amounts of alpha male spunk, deep inside my pussy and ass. The force and amount was so strong it seriously felt like a high pressure hose had been pushed inside my holes.
Dec removed his cock from my ass leaving it gaping in the cool air, as I slid off Ali's huge spent cock. I lay back, my legs wide open showing my stretched cunt and gaping ass to my small audience, with the most contented look emblazoned across my face.
James smiled at me, his face flushed with shock and arousal. I returned his smile and whispered.
"That is the greatest fuck I've ever known! I wonder what the next one will be like!"