(Background: After our porn session Cassandra and I decided to take a week off and do something special. Something a little more public.)
***
After weeks of convincing by me, Cassandra and I were headed to a local co-ed sauna to spend the afternoon. She was very nervous about going because of all the people. I reassured her we could just watch other people and go into a private room when we want to play with each other.
We got checked into our lockers, where we stripped and showered, just bringing towels with. Seeing her completely nude body, I couldn't help but reach around my petite redheaded girlfriend to cup her small tits and wander down to the wet warm spot between her legs. I brought my fingers to her mouth to make her taste them. "You seem pretty excited to me."
All clean we move into the main area, with halls leading to bigger open showers, hot tubs, saunas, a swimming pool, and private rooms. Both still unexposed thanks to our towels wrapped around us, we choose the sauna.
Inside the hot room we find wooden benches with different levels. Three others are in the sauna when we enter: two women and a man. They all seem to be alone. We decide to sit on the top row in the middle.
As we settle in, still covered, I look around. The first woman looks to be about 25. She was blonde probably about 5'7 and curvy in the right ways with just a little tummy, she was also still in a towel.
The other woman is a middle aged blonde but in great shape, she could've been anywhere from 35-50 and I wouldn't have known, she had a real MILF vibe. Her stomach was flat and she was busty, but her tits had remained perky. She just sat on her towel with her legs crossed, and I could just see a little triangle of hair above her pussy.
The man was probably early thirties and sat on his towel revealing his flaccid penis, it looked to be about 5 inches in this state. He had a 6 pack but wasn't ripped.
I noticed Cassandra look around at everyone too, still clutching her towel so it doesn't fall. Trying to make her a little more comfortable I decide to lay my towel down and let the air reach everything. Looking to Cassandra to see what she will do next, she glances down at my 3 inch flaccid cock, and then gestures with her head towards the mans.
We both chuckle. I am aware I don't have the biggest cock, but I work with what I have and can take a joke. This lightens the mood, but she still remains covered.
Just before sauna time is over I catch my young teenage girlfriend checking out the middle aged woman. I see her slightly bite her bottom lip.
On the way out I make sure to smile at the woman, just before I lift up Cassandras towel and give her a light swat on the ass. The woman returns my smile with a wink.
In the hallway Cassandra gives me one of those "I'm mad, but not really" looks. "She had her rack out for the world to see I doubt she cared too much about your little white booty!"
"Well, I never said I didn't like it.." she said with a wink.
We meandered over to the shower room next. It was lined with stalls that had curtains on them. After searching we found stalls across from each other. Cassandra hurried into hers and closed the curtain to shower. Feeling good about the sauna I left my curtain open and simply hung up my towel.
Washing myself off, my mind kept coming back to the two women in the sauna. This got a rise out of my penis and I looked down too see myself become semi-erect.
At the same time a group of three women walk past our stalls and stop for a chat. All three are early thirties in amazing shape. They wore their towels on their heads only, giving me a clear view of everything, including a lack of bush.
I'm chatting and admiring the women for a few minutes, when behind them I see Cassandra poke her head out of her curtain, not saying anything.
Very quickly I slide hers open exposing her nude body to the trio. "Ladies meet my girlfriend Cassandra!" Her face goes beat red with embarrassment, but the whole group laughs about it.
"Don't worry sweetie, you have absolutely nothing to be embarrassed about", one of the woman says, lightly brushing Cassandra from her shoulder down past her chest just missing her left nipple.
The women leave to find a shower of their own. I look over to see her little titties are poking straight out. Saying nothing I give her a kiss, and we decide to see what the private rooms are all about.
By this point my towel hangs over my shoulders, while Cassandra had moved hers down to the waist. Seeing her body like that in front of others has my cock constantly in a half erect state.
We enter the octagonal area to see different groups around doing all kinds of acts to each other in the open. I spot the three women from the showers with one more eating each others pussies. In another area I see the man from the sauna on his knees with a very large cock in between his lips.
"Wow this place is great!" I say.
"It sure is something..." my girl says back.
Following her gaze I see Cassandra looking into a room with the door open. Inside you can see a women bent over sucking a mans cock. Cassandras hand starts to drift to the edge of her towel, I can tell it's making her wet. Without looking at me she reaches over and strokes my cock, almost subconsciously.
Grabbing her hand I lead her to a room and close the door. Immediately I throw her towel to the ground. "On all fours." I tell her.
On her hands and knees I stand above her head. I reach down and give her a hard slap on the ass. She lets out a moan.
With my hands I guide her head to my cock and push it between her lips. Slowly I pick up speed until I am fucking her mouth. "Hold on a second, close your eyes" I say.
Quietly I swing the door open without her knowing, to allow people to see us now.
I walk back over and pick up throat fucking her right where I left off. With a few more spanks, a few more moans, and the slurps from her mouth, I noticed we gathered a crowd. A few solo men, some couples, and one female alone. The younger girl from the sauna. I can see her rubbing her breasts and thighs together.
Still balls deep in Cassandra, I give her a come here with my finger. Slowly she gets closer and I surprise my cock sucker with two fingers in her soaking wet pussy. I finger her for a few seconds then hold them up to the new girls mouth. Instinctively she sucks the juice right off. I gesture her to remove her towel and get down.
Naked on all fours she gives Cassandra a shock with her wet tongue right down the middle of her pussy.
Gasping she pulls away from my cock and sees our visitor. Before she can protest I shove my cock back in her mouth, and she seems to just accept it.
Cassandra moaning with me in her mouth pushes me over the edge. Both girls kneel down, and I paint their faces with cum.
Coming back to reality we share a kiss with out friend, who's name is Marissa. We get her number and go our different ways.
Before we leave the area Cassandra stops to look into another room with the door open. In the room is another couple. A somewhat smaller girl giving a man head. "Holy shit look how big his dick is!" Cassandra couldn't believe it. Captured she put an arm around my waist, her other hand played with her clit.
Soon her breathing quickened and her grip on my waist tightened. I saw her legs quiver as she came to the girl sucking cock. I leaned down and used my tongue to clean up any juices she made, and we called it a day.
... TO BE CONTINUED.