A totally fictional story about a husband and wife teaching college students how to pack, fly fish, do hygiene, on a backpacking trip where the space and weight of the pack creates the need to limit items. The wife takes the boys, the husband a girl that likes to fish. It is one of my longer stories as I found it too difficult to split into parts or chapters without hurting the story.
All characters are over 18 years old. As with all my stories, they are proofed with the help of software, some mistakes may be missed. If you are more interested in perfect grammar, than reading a good story you may want to look elsewhere. I hope you enjoy it! Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
______________________________________
Ellen and I are children of the '80s, which means we were raised by children of the '60s. My parents were very liberal, something that I rejected when I was in my early teens. Yes, I wanted designer clothes, and a BMW for my birthday like many of my friends drove to school.
My jeans came from the discount store, and I drove an old car my grandpa gave me. Those things I thought were important at the time were not in the cards financially as my mom was a social worker, and my dad although an attorney did more work for legal aid than for his private practice. There is no payoff for that monetarily, for it is a work of charity at its best. Anything that we had was modest, as, like my dad, my mom's job did not pay so much in dollars as it does in their self-worth.
What I did have was a wealth of good values when it comes to the world, yet open minds when it came to weed, sex, and relationships in general. Instead of a lecture about not having sex before marriage, I got one on how not to make a baby until you want one, and a box of condoms.
With my parents, being nude with them on occasions that called for it was not made to be an evil or sinful thing. They were into nature, backpacking, camping, and fishing, and not nudists per se, or what some like to call naturists. I found out in my teens that they had opened up their marriage to other partners on occasion, something else from the 60s.
Our nudism is out of necessity as well, and even though it little to do with sex, you have to be honest about it, nudity and sexual arousal have always had a connection.
Like with my parents, our nudity is necessary for us to freely enjoy being out in the wild, in our case backpacking and camping are our stress relievers. I guess it started by my grandpa and grandma from the necessity of needing to bathe in the wilderness, in a river or pond. It was partly started by the lack of space, and the need to keep our backpacks as light as possible.
When you are backpacking, and camping sometimes for as long as a whole week, it is hard to carry enough equipment. Swimwear, or even having to carry anything wet after a swim or bathing was an unnecessary hassle, if it was warm enough we would just dry in the sun.
Aside from being OK with nudity, and the survival skills I was taught, my parents being open and honest about life has made me a better person. They even influenced my loving wife Ellen, who in our personal life goes as just L. The very summer we were married we made our first trip together.
My parents, now her new parents-in-law, visited my grandpa's cabin together for the first time. Maybe a little too soon, she and I could not get enough of each other sex-wise, but I figured we could always go off on our own to take care of those needs. Although I did my best to prepare her, I thought it might be a problem seeing, and being seen by my parents while naked. It wasn't though I soon found out, I learned a lot about her on that first trip with them.
She more than let them know that she was fine with the necessity of it. She demonstrated that when we were on a day hike with them at the cabin during a very hot summer. My dad suggested a swim to cool off in a spring-fed lake along the trail. We had no swimwear only a small pack with power bars and something to drink. My dad said that we could all go in our underwear since it was a day hike, or as an option split up and mom and dad could walk to a small alcove only a little ways away for privacy if we wanted to swim nude in private. Telling L that he understands it might be too soon, or maybe just too difficult a thing for her to do at all.
"She said to him, Dad, am I not an immediate member of the family now?"
"Of course you are Ellen, you know that I hope."
"If I was not here wouldn't all three of you just strip naked and go in for a swim?"
"You got me there, yes we would, I just didn't want to make you uncomfortable."
As she started shedding her clothes right there in front of dad and she said, "I will probably get a little red in the face at first, but I will get used to it dad. I am worried about you though, having both your sexy wife and your young daughter-in-law naked and in your presence for the first time, well, I just hope your heart can take it."
She accomplished something few people have done, left my dad speechless, and made my mom giggle, as she became the first to join L in disrobing. I will say that once my dad disrobed, he had a bit of a reaction in an organ, but that organ was not his heart.
What a beautiful sight her standing there naked in the afternoon sun, her and I only a couple of feet from my parents.
Like my mom always does, she wanted to do something to have some fun in the water and challenged L to a chicken fight. L was all for it, I was a bit surprised she was willing to sit on my shoulders and further expose herself. I figured she was still trying to act like all this did not bother her, but then again, maybe she was trying to tease my dad with her ample young breast?
Well, games began as my naked dad and I hoisted our spouses upon our shoulders. Mom won the first two rounds, but then the biggest surprise of the day is when L proposed switching partners. But she is competitive, saying that she lost only because I was not holding her legs tight enough.
My dad was a little hesitant, but in the end, did not protest, and hoisted L up and held her legs tightly as her young bald pussy lips pressed right against the back of his neck. I will never forget, the look on his face. The water was cool and was up past our waist and it was a good thing because I was not only hard from seeing all this but having my mom's pussy pressed against my neck added to it.
L is competitive and tightened her legs around Dad's neck, he is a big guy, making her look even more petite. His big hands were wrapped around her thighs holding tight. I knew he had to be as hard as I was even in the cool water. I was both watching L's breast bounce hitting the top of Dad's head, feeling mom's pussy, and making sure not to get in too shallow of water. They battled for quite a while, and in the end, it was a tie, and we were all four worn for wear. She then shocked my dad, after she dismounted, when she pressed against him to give him a victory kiss, I know she had to encounter his erection, but gave him a good kiss and hug nonetheless. It had to make the old guy's day, maybe even his year.
Ellen and I have passed on to our son, the same courage to be nude in front of others when the situation called for it, and to not be ashamed if one of your cousins, siblings, or parents turns you on while naked, it is natural under those conditions, you have to just isolate yourself until it goes away.
We have opened our marriage at times but did not, and still don't do it without the other's knowledge, usually doing it with other couples. The love of nature that was passed down, my parent's lifestyle origins was from my grandparents, my grandpa built that humble cabin with no running water or shower in the mountains as a getaway from everyday life, and taught his values to my dad.
The story I am about to tell is about a trip there that Ellen, planned with our son. He was doing well in college about to finish his Junior year and wanted to backpack with some of his friends. L and I will be telling our own stories separately, as we both had different experiences on this trip, our interests vary a little so we split into two groups. L is more into just plain backpacking, she loves to hike and pitch a tent, survival-type stuff. I like to fly-fish, but also like to backpack to streams and small lakes that very few people know about. Then just pitch a tent and make a fire and hopefully fry up some fresh catch out in the open air. I guess I am more on the lazy side.
We had planned this late spring, early summer trip during the winter months and everyone was looking forward to it. It was to be three of my son's male friends and one female. Yes, I questioned what his friend Jennifer would have in common with L as the only other female and 20 years older, and likely even less with me for that matter. She was not a girlfriend of our son's or any of the other boys as far as we knew. She was just a very close platonic friend to our son and we assumed the others. They were all college friends of his that he had become very close to, they all four were Juniors and entering their early 20s in age.
The reason for that time frame of the trip was that it was for four days right when everyone's classes were over, and before they started summer jobs or classes. Jason said that everyone was looking forward to it and that a couple of them have had little experience in the wilderness and were looking forward to learning backpacking.
Not three days before we were all to meet there Jason called with a good news, bad news scenario. The good news was terrific as he had been accepted as an apprentice at a well-known architecture firm, a big boost to him when he graduates. He did not expect it, it was a long shot. The problem was that he had to report to them on what would have been the second day of the trip, so he was out. We were disappointed but had no intentions of canceling and were looking forward to it even if it was just the two of us. To our surprise no one else wanted to cancel, they had all been looking forward to it, and we had met most of them, and we did not have a problem with it.
Things became a little complicated when we found out that it was Jennifer, (Jen) that was heavy into fishing, and not any of the boys had that interest, they were more interested in trying backpacking. We figured we would be in two groups but this was going to make things a little more complicated in several ways. For one, with both of us, we would have to share a tent with his friends, in my case with Jen, in her case with one of the boys. For me and Jen we couldn't carry two tents backpacking and still have room for all the other necessities and some fishing gear. She seemed fine with it, but I was a little reluctant remembering my dad's reaction to L naked years back. But I figured I could offer her privacy as he did.
I will start the story with our arrival at the cabin, and then tell you about my experience with Jen. Then I will let Ellen tell about her experience with the boys.
Joel's Story:
Ellen was busy with the boys arranging equipment for the trip up into the mountains, we planned to leave early the next morning. Even though she was trying to be a teacher and leader, I could see she was already getting turned on being around the young male friends of our son with him not present.
Jen and I were doing the same as far as getting ready, she was a very nice girl, I read her as kind of a tomboy I guess. She was cute however even in that look, I didn't think of her sexually, but then I had no idea what was under those baggy clothes. Once she changed into her shorts and a top in the heat, I could not keep myself from looking at her round young ass as she bent over, and her cleavage when she was facing me. I could see that L had busted me looking at her young ass, and I figured I would hear about it from her later but it was worth it. I let Ellen help her pack and explain what was important, I did not want to be the one to tell her she did not need swimwear, etc...
I did the same with the boys so they would know I was OK with the rules, and for them not be hesitant to be naked in front of L. Telling them they were in for a treat, explained that we swim and bathe au-natural, that it is just part of backpacking. I think they had some prep from our son. But I also wanted to break it to them we did not all need phones or entertainment items, but I let them pack a Frisbee.
The next time I saw Ellen, she had changed out of her baggy clothes, and was bra-less in a button shirt, that I think she forgot to button at the top on purpose and was tied to show her midriff. Her shorts were, well, very short, no panty lines, I figured if they were tight enough to show her camel toe, she was commando. She was dressed to test or tease who were going to be her boys, her charges for the trip. This was not the same as when L and me first dated., I don't think any of us show the "real" us early in a relationship, but I mean that in a good way, she is much more open, and is a woman in her sexual prime now. I figured she wanted to convey that to them and get their reaction, just like my mother did with my friends.
Her fit figure was not lost on the 20 something boys, these boys were excited about this hot MILF being their guide. This should have given her a boost, it sure made me feel good about having such a hot wife. Especially the fact that these younger men were taking more notice of her over Jen, someone their age. She does not look a day over 30 to me. One, in particular, had her attention, he had his shirt off and was showing off his fit build to her, I know when a guy is doing that and why, and I know when it is working on her, I once was that fit, now at 42 not so much.
We retired early that night for the early start. We were in the bedroom, the rest of the cabin was one open room, no bath just a sink with a pump to bring water in from the small spring-fed lake we were on. A little ways further back in the woods was our outhouse.
I tapped on the door, announced myself, and walked in as L was pulling off the sheet so I could see she was laying there waiting for me naked, and in a sexy pose that I knew the meaning of. I called her on her lack of night clothes as I shed my shorts and boxers, and my cock was already starting to react to the view, saying, "I know that look, and what it means, what has you so froggy honey," do tell?
"Well, to be honest," she replied, "Watching you looking, and practically drooling as you were looking at that young lady's ass that you are about to go fishing with is part of it. You seemed to have a bulge in your hiking shorts as you did. How could I not get visions of you fishing, with her being more interested in sucking your middle-aged rod?
Or picture you with your head between those beautiful legs, eating that young girl's pussy as she runs her fingers through your hair, what you still have that is. I guess I would like to witness, or at least hear about it, but remember a young girl like that could ride your cock till your heart gave out Joel, so be careful. A lot of girls that age have a thing for Daddy figures."
I just had to have a good comeback for that and did my best, "You don't think I didn't notice you looking at the what are in truth, young men 3 or 4 years past legal, but yet just boys to someone your age. Especially Larry with his athletic build, and willingness to show it to you. I am sure he wants to show you the hard young cock that is causing that bulge in his hiking shorts.
How could I not picture my beautiful wife pulling those shorts off for him, and just to see that hard young cock of his? Then him taking a look at that ageless bald pussy of yours, and eating you out. All this before he enters you with that hard cock, and fucks your MILF brains out"
"Who knows, the other two boys might want to watch while stroking their young hard dicks too or just join in, you have two hands and three orifices. Maybe those thoughts of you getting fucked have more to do with my hardon than seeing Jen's young body does. Don't worry about me being upset, as long as you describe your actions to me sometime."
"MILF's have been popular with young men their age for years, even before porn made people more aware of it. Young men, these days are in on what us older guys know, that you hot mama's know what you are doing."
"My God honey, you are a mind reader, only you saying it has me even hotter than when I just think about it. You got the short straw though, only one girl to fuck if she is into it, I have three chances to seduce one."
"Now let's quit wasting time, and chance our arousal factor decreasing, and get things started. Let me at that big cock of yours, let me see if I can still curl your toes like when we were young."
"Yes dear, and let me at that fine wet pussy of yours, I can taste it in my mind already, it will save time if we 69 and please each other. Then we can get to the fucking part quicker, we do need to get some sleep tonight."
It was not exactly dead quiet in the cabin, the young ones were talking smack to each other, they were not that worried about getting some sleep like us older folk. But more than that we needed relief first. Ellen soon had a mouth full of my cock, and I was busy eating her bald pussy. I quickly noticed her pussy was silky smooth, like she prepares it for an anniversary trip of ours or something, freshly waxed just for a camping trip?
L and I were pretty turned on just thinking about the adventures we were about to have, and once we finished our oral foreplay, I was balls deep in her. Our sex was nothing elaborate, and I can't say it was quiet, knowing these young people might hear us just made it hotter for me. Just a good advertisement for both of us, so that the younger ones know we are not dead yet. It did not last long we just needed to get off, then get some sleep. We were laying on our backs afterward and L had a hand on my chest as we gazed at each other.
She was the first to speak. "Well stud, and love of my life, what are the rules for me on this trip master," said partly in humor I thought?"
"As far as I am concerned, only one rule, and it's for both of us, I think whatever happens out there, we should just let it happen. It is no different than when we used to trade spouses when we were younger, we are not cheating. I don't have high hopes for myself, I have to be just another old guy to Jen. But you are one Hot MILF, you have a better chance of scoring than me.
I know you are willing to let three horny young men see you naked in a pond or a stream, tease them by doing a sexy strip for them while pretending to just be getting ready to bathe. I am sure you will be bathing or just skinny dipping with them by the second day so you can check out their young penises. You will turn them on with those big breasts of yours, and that fine ass, and smooth bald pussy I just fucked.
Remember what you did to my dad that first time you were naked with my parents? Well, these are constantly horny young men with stamina you are going to be teasing and hoping to fuck."
"I am totally honest when I say I would be upset with you if I was to hear of you turning one of those boys down, and have no hot story to tell me. Getting some strange would be good for both of us."
That was all that was said that night, the next morning we were on our way. For Jen and I, we had a lot of stuff to carry just being two of us, and we had fishing and camping things, we at some point were going to have to rinse some clothes out. The first day was walking, climbing hills only to go down and climb up another. We walked through most of the daylight hours to get to my favorite stream. We rested from time to time and munched on power bars and jerky. We set up camp at a beautiful bend in the stream and did little else as we rested. Later we went to gather some wood but decided to hold off on starting a fire till morning to cook breakfast and warm-up, nights get cold there and it takes a while to warm up the next day.
We climbed into our sleeping bags, and it was unspoken that we had to put them close together to keep warm. I was out like a light, my age was showing. Jen was gone in the morning when I woke up, and I could hear a fire crackling, she was no rookie. That was when I got my first surprise, and it was a pleasant one.
Jen was already with the program and was standing in the stream au-natural with a bar of soap, the water just past her knees. Her clothes were just sitting next to the fire. At first, I just moved to the bottom of the tent and opened the flap, she was not 25 ft from me, she knew I would likely see her. But that in itself did not mean she had motives, but it got my mind working.
Her 20-year-old body was so sexy from behind and the sides. Flawless, from that distance, a tattoo above her waist, a tramp stamp they call them I guess, at least that meant she was likely straight. She was bending over washing her private area. Before I could close the flap or do anything she turned around giving me a front view as she spotted me. She just finished rinsing her genitalia like I was not there.
Then she said, "Are you going to sleep all day old man, and can I call you Daddy?"
"Answers are No to the first, then Yes to the 2nd one. But I will give you your privacy and wait here for you to finish."
Her reply was, "I am almost done, but get your tired ass out here "Daddy" I want to go fishing before noon. I will share my soap and towel with you, I will even help you wash, we are going to be co-inhabitants for three more days. So you need to get used to seeing me bathe naked, and being that way yourself in front of a young girl. I knew what I signed up for, your son filled me in on how these camping trips go. He said that it's not only you and "L" that bathe naked in streams and ponds on these trips, when he became an adult it would be all three of you, Daddy."
She was right, we had done that a few times.
This young girl was requesting my presence, what could I do but lose my boxers and join her? She was one tough cookie as the water was cold, but was getting every part of her rinsed off. She looked a little cold, her nipples were standing out, and she had some of what they call goose-bumps when she shocked me again and said, "Here get my back and then I will get yours before I go dry off, and don't be afraid of touching my ass, I already got my genitals, I think you already know that, but I can't reach all of my big ass."
I did as I was told, she was taking control of the hygiene part of the trip already, I wondered if I was the more experienced and mature one. I did her first, it was hard to know where to stop in her ass crack. Then she got the back of me, and yes my ass as well, she went deeper than I did, even making contact with my nut sack. It was kind of a surprise, but might I say a pleasant feeling that it gave me.
She left me for the fire after she was done assisting me asking, "You do want to share a towel? That way we will only have one to hang to dry before we go catch some trout."
It made perfect sense to me and I told her so. She walked up to the fire dried off what she could and stood naked behind the fire. Wow! What a sexy sight, this naked 20-year-old standing as close to the fire as she could to dry some more without freezing before she dressed. She was just standing in dawn's early light, with the flames of the little fire dancing on her young naked body rivaling the natural beauty of the environment we were in, and it too was fabulous.
I tried not to stare as I finished washing, only turning once to try to fluff my flaccid penis before I walked over to her. This whole scene exceeded the limits of the openness that I was raised with, and we tried to pass on to our son.
I walked up to join Jen, but not until I had some success with exciting my limp dick a little to try to impress her. She was still naked and she handed me the towel saying, "I tried to save you half of the towel, here use this part first. I hope you don't think I am deliberately teasing you by being still naked, but I do like your interest, you don't need to look away, I admit I have been eyeing up your cock Daddy. I just don't want to dress yet while still wet in some hidden places, and I did not want to put you in a CFNM situation unless you want to be?
What I am saying is, you don't need to be uncomfortable with me naked. I had a boyfriend my freshman year that was almost the same age difference, and yes, he was a professor taking advantage of an 18-year-old, but I was aware of that fact, I was not naive. The sad thing is, I got one of my worst grades that year from him, maybe I should have let him take me anally. LOL, you know I am kidding you don't you?"
"Yes, but this being naked with a young girl I just met is something I am not used to, but I guess my wife is going to be in the same proverbial boat, only with three horny young boys. She and I have always been pretty liberal, and although we are nowhere close to being swingers, we have had open times in our relationship."
"That's good to know," she said, "I hope this is one of them, that way If one of the two of us gets too horny, maybe we can help the other out. At the very least lend each other a hand, you know like give each other a handy. I am not ruling out oral, or fucking, I already told you I have slept with older men and women, I have been told I am pretty good by both sexes."
"Well now you can't deny teasing this old guy, that is not fair to do to your Daddy."
With that, she just grabbed my hand and led me to the tent, as she said, "Your right I should not just tease, but I could not help it, being out here in nature with a hot Daddy has me so turned on already. I lied, standing in the stream naked and bathing was deliberate, I woke up horny.
I figured if I got naked in the stream you would wake up, see me, and like what you see. You seemed to, and that made me even hornier. If you think it would be OK with L, let's get rid of the sexual tension between us Daddy! Do some nasty things to this little girl, then we can concentrate on our fishing, I plan on catching more than you to show you that girls can fish too."
What was a guy to do, have sex with a young girl, or fish? I figured the fish would wait, I did not want to take a chance on her changing her mind.
We got in the tent and she said, "lie down Daddy, let me show you some of this little girl's skills first."
I am not sure I remember the last time I got that hard without some direct touch from someone, but I had a full hardon before her lips even touched my knob. She was not lying about her skills, she got right down to it. She had me so turned on and hard from just licking my cock as she looked up at me and into my eyes, then had me curling up my toes as she swallowed my cock. If that was not enough of what turned out to be only the oral part, she said, "Since we are both so clean and fresh, let me stick my tongue up that cute tight ass of yours Daddy, and I see you have waxed some areas, like your balls, I can't wait to suck them too."
She did, she had me to a level of arousal that I had not experienced for quite a while, L and I try to keep things fresh, but what is fresher to an old guy or gal than sex with someone 20 years younger. I am honest when I say that I hoped that L if not already, was going to get an experience like this too, she deserves it.
She simply said your turn and laid back opening up her legs for me. What a beautiful pussy, although I admit I have never seen one I did not like. Fishing was the last thing on my mind as I returned the favor and ate out young Jen's smooth waxed pussy.
I was stiff as a board the whole time I did, I just could not wait to see if she had fucking on her mind to get rid of all of the tension. I got her off I assumed pretty well by her reaction and rolled over on my back only to get the answer to the question of how far she was willing to go as she climbed on me. She said, "Gee Daddy you are ready for what I have been told is a tight young pussy by some of the other Daddies I have fucked, it's extra wet and ready for you though. I am so turned on, I just can't wait to have you inside me, Daddy, this is OK if I just mount it, isn't it, you can just shake your head, either one?"
Well, I did not only shake my big head, but I also grabbed my cock at its base to guide the small one in. I liked her sense of humor, I held it there ready for her to lower her young wet pussy over it. I was excited not just to be with someone new, but someone so much younger than me. It had been a while since I have even been with someone other than L, we had other partners on occasion, mostly early on during our marriage.
There I was looking up at Jen, her perky breast with their hard nipples standing up. Her pussy lips were parted as my knob started to penetrate her. She had to use most of her weight to get my knob to break through. Oh, that feeling as she lowered her self and I could feel my cock inside her.
Then there was the view of her young breasts, as they started to bounce as she rode me. I did not know what would be proper but wanted to kiss her, but I think she sensed it and made things easy for me. She bent over as I continued to thrust my manhood in and out of her, and she initiated things by giving me her tongue. I was just totally amazed at what was happening, fantasies just don't come true that often, again I hoped L was going to get hers fulfilled, I love her.
We finished missionary, me pounding her as she held me tight with both her legs and arms. I warned her of my upcoming orgasm but had no choice but to fill her with my seed. We had fucked for well over a half-hour, I could hear her stomach growl and mine as well as we finished. We eventually ended up back in the stream washing off from the waist down and laughing at each other's washing techniques and destinations.
We chose to eat some prepared foods so we could get to our fishing. We got our fishing attire on, there is no room for hip waders in backpacks, so I packed mine and L's water shoes, and we fished, her in some sexy panties, and I in my boxers, the sun was warm and we did not put tops on.
We did well, we had caught enough fish for lunch in about two hours, and had cleaned and cooked them by about 1 pm. I think she was being kind when she said she was tired and would like a nap, it was me that was showing signs of fatigue. We retired to the tent and shared my bag, she had one of her bare breasts against me, her left legs over my right as we spooned, it was intimate, but did not start anything. Jason had told me about her lack of a father growing up, and that made her warm up to me and other older men, not just sexual at all, but in a very sweet and loving way.
About 2:30 I felt a tender kiss on my lips, and she ask if I was ready for some more fishing. I was in of course and told her we could try upstream, that there is a beautiful place there, where part of the stream rolls over some rocks. This created a mini waterfall so to speak and created a pool, fish sometimes get trapped in there making them easier to catch. I often fished there but mostly used it to swim and bathe. It is kind of still and the sun warms the water a little more than that running in the stream. It was not a hot day by far, but the sun was really warm and Jen made a suggestion I liked and voted for.
"Our underwear has almost dried from our first outing, wouldn't it be a shame to get them soaked again? I love being naked with my Daddy, let's just fish that way, we are past any point of modesty with each other. Won't the sun feel good on our naked bodies, we are alone up here, won't it feel good having your penis just swinging free like my breast? I just love being naked with my Daddy."
Again no answer was needed, we got on our way as is. The pool did not turn out to be that good of a fishing spot but we did pretty well in the stream above it and had our catch on a stringer. I knew ahead of time the pool was better for swimming than fishing and my hope to go skinny dipping with her was already fulfilled. We had a pretty full stringer and you don't catch more than you can eat. She did catch more than me, but it was hard for me to keep my attention on the fishing, especially when she would bend over, and give me a pussy flash.
We finished the afternoon in the pool of the stream, the water was just above our waist but deep enough to swim and play around in. Even though we had just fished together naked and we had fucked that morning, I could not help but stare at her young body now that we were just having a relaxing swim. Bodies are so perfect at her, and the boy's age. I remember not thinking so of mine at that age, but they are at their peak aesthetically.
She knew what she was doing, and showed me what I wanted to see. She sat on a rock, with her knees up and spread, and leaned back to take the sun on her breast, the clit piercing I had worked with my tongue, was visible and catching the sunlight. I walked over to her and leaned to kiss her as she sat up.
Her hands were then running up and down my thighs and soon were licking my cock and balls. I was really hard right away, and there was no way to kneel to access her pussy. I was trying to think of a way when she reached for me to help her up, and she wrapped her arms around me and putting her head on my chest and said, "I am ready Daddy, I am also a little cold, maybe if we had some exercise it would cure that before we go back to clean our catch," so her mind was where mine was.
I liked that idea and by that time she was using her hands to keep me hard underwater as she kissed me. I then lifted her so that my still hard enough cock could slide inside her. It had been a while since I fucked in the water and cool water at that. You can't delay the entrance and fucking part, or you will lose the erection, so I got right to it. It felt so good to be in her again, as we kissed and I fucked her that way until I felt my bad knee start to give
The solution was to finish fucking her as she leaned over a big rock, her round young ass looked so good in the afternoon sun.
I reached around to hold her breast, her nipples were so hard, I could not help but play with them, as I finished what I started. It was my second fuck of the day, and my cumshot did not come right away, and I was glad of that. She seemed to be too and expressed it, "Oh Daddy, fuck this little girl, and smack her ass, she has been so bad seducing a married man, and my friend's dad."
I had no problem keeping hard, and the cool water kept my nut-sack tight as well. I gave her all I had and hoped it was enough. It was not long after she exclaimed some joy, "Your groin is hitting my piercing and I am about to cum, keep going." I did, and she let me know, "Oh Fuck Yeah, Daddy, Yeah, Yeah, you did it. Oh God, I love having my new Daddy's cock in me."
It was not long after that I got off too, it felt so awesome to hold her 20-year-old breast as I filled her with my seed again, and just as well as the first time. We hugged and she pointed out the cum ropes in the water around us. "They felt so warm in me Daddy I tried to hold them there, I tried!."
I said that's OK, it's better to get rid of them, we may not get another bath today. She then found a handy place to rinse what did not float away. She looked so sexy as she sat on a rock where the water cascaded into the pool and opened up her legs. The sun was then reflecting on the water that was running down onto this sexy 20-year-old's bald pussy as she gazed at me, the water was obscuring enough of her sex that it created what could have been a sexy photo in a mainstream glamour magazine, and giving me a view I will never forget, and will likely come in handy when I am horny and alone sometimes.
We headed back had a nice fish dinner, still naked, using my bag as a shared blanket, we huddled together like lovers for some conversation around the fire. As the air began to chill we decided to turn in to get some rest for another day of hiking to a new stream in the morning.
It was a wonderful three days for both of us we got along well, and I am not just talking about the sex, yes there was more, and we made love in some beautiful places, a real test of my stamina, we both taught each other some things. But the sex felt nothing like it did that first day when we were new, new sex is just so special. New sex with a 20-year-old, well, no words can describe it. Our trip seemed to go fast, and when we got back to the cabin, we were the first to get there.
Jen was all over me, even pulling down my shorts to suck my cock as she was urging her Daddy to make love to her one last time. It scared me a little but she made it clear she was just horny and has enjoyed the guilt-free sex in the outdoors.
Ellen, Jason, and I have access to a service that reports our GPS by satellite every hour that it can make contact. It is not cheap, as it is new tech, but hearing all the horror stories about people getting hurt, and rescuers having no idea where to search when they are out of range of cell towers, is worth it.
I went out by the outhouse, which is where we get at least a faint cell signal most of the time, I have even had to climb on the roof before to get a steady one. I logged in and could tell by the last report L's device made, we had a few hours left before they would arrive. It was a relief, both knowing everything was OK with them as well, and that it was safe to fuck this young girl some more, I might be older but I could not get enough of her either.
Jen wanted to do something new and wild. So I told her to get naked and I will use that view for inspiration.
She did, her young body is just so fucking hot in broad daylight. She had stripped and was using the tire swing hanging from a tree by the water. I guess watching how sexy it was as her legs opened on each forward swing, and flashed her bald pussy to me, and made me remember the wicker basket in the loft I bought to try with L. Yes, it was a wicker sex basket that we had and used on an anniversary and a few other times. I had strung it in the cabin before over a rafter but also off a branch of an oak tree. I ask her if she had heard of, or used one? She knew what it was and was excited to try it.
I grabbed what we needed, the basket and a rope of course, and some lube. Yes, lube is important to not end up on either end of a hole that might go the least bit dry when you use it. I set it up, she blew me and got me hard as she was sitting in the basket. I laid down under it, reached up, and helped her wind it up and let it spin on my lubed cock. I don't want to overate it, but it is quite a different sensation having a women's pussy spinning on your hard cock. The trick, if there is one, is to use enough lube, and adjust the rope length so that the woman's clit rubs your lubed groin, while your sensitive knob rubs inside of her. Otherwise mostly it is just the guy that gets most of the pleasure, as it is hard to stroke much in that position. I guess to me it is just foreplay because as usual, it led to us laying out a blanket, and me taking her by the lake. I fucked her longer and harder than I can remember fucking anyone in years, knowing it was our last of the trip.
I developed a special relationship with her that no longer felt just sexual, that worried me as I sensed she may have felt it too, but they say there is no fool like an old fool. We then stowed everything away and took our last naked bath in the lake.
I wondered if L would detect the glow I bet we both would still have when she got there.
Ellen's Trip as told by her,
I can't lie and say that I was not feeling both excitement and fear about being out on the trail with three horny young men. Yes, there was no doubt that I was excited that I would at least see them naked on this trip. I have seen my son of the same age, and I can't lie that seeing the fine body that his father and I created did not cause some sexual feelings within me. The fact that he is your son does not make you not look at all of his body, even his penis gets your attention, and they don't look any less appealing to a woman in her 40s. Fortunately, those feelings were always followed by the reality that he was my son, and that kept them in check.
I will admit the thought of seeing some young bodies like my son's on boys that I was not related to on this trip was a turn-on and released me to have some fantasies fitting of a woman of the age of 42 who had a sexual appetite equal to a 20-year-old male.
We got an early start, just me and the boys that is, the first day is always the toughest. We headed up the mountain, the plan was to head up to the top, then down the range, and enjoy the view before coming back down and traveling down the valley next to the river.
It had already been established what names we were going by, I did not want to be Mrs. or even Ellen by these boys, it is too old or formal, everyone outside of work calls me L. A couple of the boys I had met before, just one was a stranger. First I asked them if they minded me calling them boys, as in "My Boys," as that is how I thought about them. Then there were the nicknames my son Jason used for them, I did not know if others used them, and had to make sure it was OK for me too.
Larry was Jason's oldest male friend, and once the four of them started hanging together they became Larry, Curly, and Moe the one I had not met. Not sure how much Curly and Moe liked their nicknames but they stuck in casual situations. Curly was a Carl, and Moe was Monroe, Moe had his parents to thank for that nickname. Monroe, I mean what the fuck did they expect? In Curly's case his hair helped him to get his, it was just plain curly, but he was the cutest of the three.
I wanted the boys to have fun and learn some things about backpacking and survival in the wilderness. But keep in mind that I am a woman at her peak of sexual desire and quite horny being with them, it was all I could do to not pack my mini vibrator, so I could sneak off if I got too worked up being around nobody but my boys. I knew seeing them shirtless and in their thin workout shorts would be hot, but can't deny wanting to see some of them bare ass, penis swinging as well. If I was to have some of that young cock, I was going to have to get them past me being their friend's mom, quite a challenge.
I also was not convinced by Joel that these boys would have any interest in me at my age, I thought Joel had been watching too much MILF porn. I figured I showed them some of my best parts, maybe the sexual urges of a young man would kick in and I could at least suck some young cock. I was likely going to have to be what they call a cougar, and my prey would be these boys.
I made no effort to hide my interest in their young bodies and did not bother trying to do it in stealth. I wanted them to know I was interested and would try to give them an idea of what was under my clothes. So I dressed to find out, or let's say under dressed. All I brought with me was standard women's panties, and there is nothing sexy about them or the lines that would show. So I have to confess to wearing my shortest hiking shorts commando to lead the three of them up the mountain. I do know I have some nice legs courtesy of all the hiking and found something out when we took breaks. I discovered if I pulled my shorts uptight, it produced quite a nice camel toe, a view I debuted to them after the break and they liked it.
About half of the way up the hill we were all taxed and sweating and boys lost their shirts to be cooler. I don't know why, but it seemed to shock them a little that I took mine off too. I had a bra on, it was not exactly a sports bra, it was kind of sexy I guess, but not so much on purpose. I had found on previous trips, that sports bras cover so much and are too thick of material in hot weather.
For comfort, I searched for and found a wireless bra I could wear for hiking in warmer weather, it was much lower cut, but it also made it kind of like a push-up bra. It was also made of thinner material, kind of transparent, enough to show my nipples and areolas. It was not designed for women of my breast size, but most clothes are not. It served the purpose on this trip, I did not want to stop my breast from flopping up and down for them, just did not want them popping out the top. As I walked my puppies were showing a lot of movement, and looked like they wanted out, and that was a strong possibility if I moved too fast.
Every time I looked back I saw at least one of them who seemed to be focused on my lower half, it made me feel good that these young guys liked looking at my big MILF ass, that meant they must have liked it. The first night we were bushed, the boys especially, none of them seemed to have expected how tough it was, it different than athletics. We had two tents, and the first night Curly and I shared one, yes it was I that chose him. They were all fit but Curly had the biggest bulge and attracted more of my attention, and there is something about Curly's upper body, his abs, tapered waist, he was so cute with that curly hair. I hoped to get to see what caused the bulge as we got ready for bed.
We began to strip down to our underwear, he had boxers. First I brought out the big guns so to speak, he could not have expected me to sleep in the bra so I just removed it right in front of him. It was my first chance to show my girls to any of the boys. He tried to act like it was nothing new, but I could tell he was focused on them when I let them loose.
Suddenly the thought occurred to me that I was commando under my shorts, if I did not put a shirt on before I pulled my shorts off, I would then be totally nude for him. It gave me a thrill just thinking about it and wondering if I had the courage to do it.
The thought of doing this was scary, but at the same allowed a sensual feeling go through my body I had not experienced in years. I was on my knees in front of him topless but did not take his eyes off my breasts as they swayed with every move I made. I gathered that he liked them, his cock did, he looked to have a nearly full hardon that wanted out of his thin traditional boxers. His swollen knob looked like it was pushing out of his fly that appeared to be unbuttoned.
Then it was time for the moment of truth, could I do it, and would he look away? I gathered all the courage I had and went ahead with it. I just leaned back as I pulled off my shorts before I even looked for panties or a shirt to put on. I did not go through the pain of waxing not to show my bald pussy to at least one of my boys, this was a chance to make it look more innocent.
The look on his face when I slipped them off and was naked in front of him was priceless. It was something I never dreamed I would be able to do in front of any of Jason's young friends. I could not have even done it in college in front of a boy. I guess I regretted not letting my hair down back then so to speak, I had some of the same slutty thoughts my friends did, I just did not act on them.
I tried to cover what I did with, "Oops!" But I am not sure he bought it so I did not bother to say that I forgot I was pantie-less. But he did not turn away, he was sitting down on his bag now giving me a better view of what was starting to get out of his fly, by accident or on purpose, it was hard to tell. I liked the tease of it nonetheless, you can barely get on your knees in these tents. He did turn his head slightly we both tried to act natural.
I loved being naked for him, my pussy had a tingling feeling and my nipples got hard, it was not well lit from our little lantern, but he had to see them sticking out. I tried to stretch my nude time as long as I could without being obvious. I was not being ladylike either, that was not my goal. In fact, I showed so much, that he should have realized what I was doing was intentional, and maybe he did. I made no effort to keep my legs together or cross them when I reached for my clothes bag. I pulled it close and sat back legs spread to give him a good look at my sex while taking my time searching through the bag. I did not look down as I did this until I found some panties, when I did I could see my pussy lips were parted. He seemed to like that view, so I just couldn't resist putting my panties on one leg at a time. This opened my legs even more for him, and I tried not to make eye contact so he could look.
When I finally looked up at him as I made sure by the way I put them on, that my bald pussy was last to be covered as I pulled them up. He was a little flushed so it was only then that I acknowledged what I did and gave an excuse for it I said, "Sorry, I forgot I was commando today, but when I took my bra off I could tell you have seen more than a few women's breasts. I then figured you have seen your fair share of women's vaginas too at your age. I think I am just going to let my puppies free for the night if you don't mind, I don't want to mess up all my clothes more than I already did, by digging through my bag for a top."
He was so hard by this time his knob and part of his shaft had popped clear out of his pee slot, he did not seem to feel it happen, or he had some acting skills. But was it unbuttoned on purpose? With nothing to stop or slow it down, it was most of the way out before I decided to take advantage of the situation, "Looks like something wants out of your shorts there Curly, but it is OK with me, I have seen and handled plenty of them, but I have to say, that's a big cock you are sporting, young man."
He was a little flushed, and as he bent forward to look and put it back in his shorts, leaning forward caused it to pop the rest of the way out. This made it even harder to get it back in his shorts, not sure it was on purpose then, as the poor guy looked embarrassed when I called him on it.
"Sorry L, I tend to forget to button my boxers a lot, it's a guy thing I guess, we are always in a hurry after we pee. The fact that I am so hard, well I have to be honest, I just could not help looking at you naked. Your big breasts and, wow, your vagina is just! Oh, I better shut up, but what I was trying to say is, it is not like my cock did not have a reason to try to escape my shorts."
"Sorry, I couldn't help getting on you, I would have done it to Jason to embarrass him, but I would not have enjoyed the view of my son's penis like I did yours. So anyway, if you are sincere in your critique of my aging body though, Thanks! Coming from a young hot guy, it made this old girl feel good."
It was going to take a while for Curly and the rest to get used to this side of me. I was still topless and was telling him how cold it could get, but we could be warmer if we make our bags into a double and trap in our body heat. We both have undies on now, it would be OK. He paused a minute to think, and said, "OK, but I tend to get boners in my sleep?"
"That's OK, that is one of the perks of being a young man, Joel used to, I miss that. But if I mistake you for him and grab it, don't be afraid to tell me, unless you like it that is, as I also know how to make one go away."
It was fun teasing, but we were tired though, not sure I would even notice a young guy's boner pressing against my butt crack during that particular night. I felt so warm with him, I think we could have opened up the cover bag. He eventually put his arm over me so he could get closer, being careful to go right below my breasts, but I loved the feeling of a young man a barely knew hugging me. I was so desperate for the excitement of doing something taboo with one of my son's friends.
We were the last to get up, even though I probably woke up first, I am an early bird, but when I felt his morning wood and the fact that while asleep his hand moved up and was holding my left breast so nicely, something I figured was probably not intentional like his boner. I just wanted to lay there and enjoy it anyway, just pretend we were lovers. I figured that since the others were talking around the fire when we retired, they would be sleeping in too.
When he did wake up he let go of my boob and rolled over quickly, but I pulled off the cover, as I did not want to miss seeing his wood. He had buttoned his fly the night before, but he is so big, and his boxer's leg was pulled up a little. So his cock was poking out the bottom of it pretty far, giving you an idea how big this young man is.
"Sorry L, I am embarrassed again, but this time I warned you," he said.
"That's OK Curly, to be honest, I have been laying here just enjoying the feel of having a young guy's junk excited and poking me, and his hand on my boob. Can I be so bold as to ask you if it is OK to have a look at all of you, well your boner in particular, you have seen all of me including my sex?"
"Yes, go ahead I guess, I don't mind you seeing it, especially if it makes you happy, but your still Jason's mom, I am not pulling it out for you, I don't want to be an aggressor."
Well, I had a hold of his waistband, and his shorts pulled down to his knees before he finished the word "aggressor." It was just so beautiful standing up there so tall! I managed somehow to keep myself from taking it in my mouth, but could not keep from running my hand up and down it. It was the largest and hardest cock I felt in years, if not ever, and I could feel his body contort from the feel of my hand. I could not stop looking and gave it what I thought was just a few strokes, but was probably enough to say I was jerking him off.
I was pretty happy playing with this boy's cock, he seemed to be too. So I whispered, "Let me know if you, or let's just say, it, doesn't want the attention, and no one has to know about this if you don't want them to. I am not a bit ashamed to be doing it, and happy to have a young cock to play with like this, let me relive a memory from mine and Joel's youth."
Then I escalated things when I put my other hand on his tight ball sack. I was now in place to go ahead with an actual hand job, and about to get busy when he said, "Oh No L!" I knew that meant, I had felt some precum right away, so I just pushed his cock up toward his stomach, and put my hand over his knob as he shot his load in it, it felt good even having it just hitting and filling the palm of my hand. I made a young guy cum! But what a mess, but it would have been worse if I had not caught it. My hand was covered in his spunk, so I ask him if he could reach the roll of paper in the supply bag. He was just lying there naked like a babe, with a pretty big puddle of his cum on his belly.
I cleaned him up and he said, "Thank You L, that was much better than how I usually have to handle those by myself. I guess I was a little too excited and quick to blow, and know I made a noise, but I don't care if any of the guys know, do you? They will just be jealous of me."
Of course, I told him I did not care, I was glad they were going to know I was game. We got up, and the first thing I did was throw the wad of cum soaked toilet paper in the fire they were all sitting around by then. They were starting to relax more around me and even getting on each other in front of me. Larry said to Curly, "How did you sleep last night with our friend's hot mom, did you have any dreams. Did that wad of paper have your spunk in it, tell us you didn't jerk off next to her and let mommy clean you up? "
Well that barrage of accusations broke the ice, Larry knew what he did when he said mommy, he brought me into it and he was a little regretful. I took it as a chance to show I was game for kidding and said, "I am not sure about his dream, but we joined our bags and I slept topless with this hot guy, I felt so warm and safe with his arm over me, maybe him putting his hand on my breast got him excited, I don't know. Sorry Curly, I guess I might have said too much."
Curly was fine with that setup, "That's is OK L, sorry I looked you over a little when you got ready for bed. I never expected to see you all the way naked and find out how hot you really are. I guess seeing your partly open vagina did provide some inspiration for some morning wood." Then he said, "Yes Larry, it was nice of L to give me a hand with my wood this morning. Her hands are so much softer, Joel is lucky to have her. You need to find yourself a girl to do that for you, then you won't have to jerk yourself off so much."
Then he turned toward me, "He is just jealous L, about me having a larger member, and getting a hand job from an experienced woman. I roomed with him for our first year at school, he spent a lot of extra time in the bathroom, if I wasn't there I would come home to Kleenex all around. Larry is what I would call a world-class wanker. If it would have been him in the tent with you, he might have woke you up, and got some on you."
He put Larry in his place, and I was glad to loosen them up and let them just imagine what it looked like, me jerking him off, but there was not much to it. I knew I can't be one of the guys, but I did not want to be a mom to them in a traditional sense, what fun is that.
We had our breakfast before we got ready to get back on the trail. The sun was out and I did not bother to put a bra on under the thin shirt. My nipples were hard in the morning air and showing when I told them, "Since most of the climbing is done and squeezing through tight passages as well, I let my puppies loose, and they will be bouncing. Just a warning, as even though we women like to be admired, and show off our breast now and then, don't be watching them and fall off the side of the mountain."
Larry was the most game one, and said, "OK L, may I be so bold to say you have some of the nicest ones, I've ever seen, can I sleep with you tonight? You have not been spooned until you have been spooned by me, I have bigger hands, I will keep those big breasts of yours warm."
I said, "OK, we will see, I can't say it is not an enticing thought, when it is your turn, I guess I would not mind you hanging on to one of my tits if you want to. But I warn you, if you decide to wack off your wiener in the middle of the night, I am not cleaning it up."
That shut him up for a while, they all knew now I was game for more than just nudity, and I knew how to play their game too. We were much more relaxed together that morning before we started hiking. It was our first meal of re-hydrated freeze-dried eggs and fried them up with jerky as our bacon. We were not going to be treated to all the fresh fish the other two hoped to get to be enjoying.
We were treated to some beautiful views that day though, and I let Larry take the lead since I had picked on him, I moved back behind the boys for even a better view. I was enjoying the bare backs and tight asses in their hiking shorts. All while they enjoyed the beautiful views of the mountains that day, and we're having a lot more fun around the campfire that evening after that playful exchange in the morning.
Moe was the quiet one, but he shyly asked that night around the fire if it was OK if he lit a small pipe, and that if I partake, if I would join them. He said he always wanted to get high in the mountains. I told him it was fine with me, but if he started singing Rocky Mountain High we would likely push him off a cliff. We sat at the fire and he reloaded the pipe twice, I was getting, well I think we all were pretty fucked up. I could tell the boys were uncomfortable with me again as I smoked with them, apparently their parents never smoked with them like we have with Jason once he was older.
We were two different generations, it was hard to come up with things to talk about so I talked about their friend and my son, "Let me tell you about the first time we let Jason smoke weed with us on one of these trips a couple of years back, it was on this trail close to where we are, he was 18, old enough to smoke we thought, and we were sure we were not introducing him to something new. We made camp near our favorite pond that is right up there a few hundred feet behind those rocks. He was excited about getting high with us and acting weird like you would expect the first time high with your parents, he was trying to come up with something to talk about. Trying to be funny he dared us to streak to the pond for him like he had heard people did in the old days. We had to inform him that it was not exactly our old days, but his grandparents, we were 80s kids, not 60s. Then I told him we have done similar things, and if he thought we were afraid to, we would strip here and race him to the pond for a dip."
"At that point, he realized that I have called his bluff before, and that his mom had not seen him naked much as an adult, never close up and I am sure he did not want to see us that way either. So not wanting to pass on the chance to fuck with his head while high, I went ahead and pulled off my top, then my shorts and panties right in front of him, and he was freaking out seeing me standing there in front of him, bald pussy and all. But we did not let him off, Joel stripped then too, so Jason had no choice but to join in."
"We were soon all standing together in the nude. It was my first time seeing his penis that close as a grown-up, and a little excited I started to notice. I was pretty proud of what his dad and I created. Like you guys, he has grown into such a fit young man. Well we raced him there and he won, he was in such a hurry to get his growing penis underwater."
Like when you do while telling a scary story I added, "You know that pond is just behind those rocks ahead. We can recreate that moment, and this time I might get to see all three penises on young men I am not related to. Seriously, I would not mind rinsing off tonight instead of in the morning, we would sleep better, we have been hiking and sweating for two days."
I thought they were ready for a story like that after me telling them about Curly's morning wood, but I might have overloaded the three stoned boys' senses a bit as they looked kind of like my son did, and it got quiet. I knew I had to keep things going so I just really committed myself, and stripped for them as I did for my son.
I was being looked over and that feeling in my pussy came back, but twofold. Small talk soon resumed and they were stripping as they kidded each other about me going to see the size of their endowments. They finished and we were all naked and I looked them over and said, "Yes, women my age like seeing cocks, especially on fit young men. I think there are still people out there who think us women don't like seeing a male naked, or like having sex as much. I am here to tell them we like cock, we like fucking just as much as men, maybe more, a women's sex drive kicks in a little older than a man's."
I put them at ease by jokingly saying, "This is not new to me, so don't worry about your little peckers getting, or not getting boners in front of this old girl, the water is not that warm this time of year and they will probably shrivel up a bit. But you will find the water quite refreshing. Just leave your clothes here inside the tents so they don't get wet, and just grab a towel, these are all backpacking tips I am giving you."
I guess I was feeling the pot, it makes me horny, and I wondered if Joel got lucky with Jen, if he does and I don't I will never live it down, yes we are competitive. That fuck in the cabin had he and I both worked up, and we gave each other the OK to connect with these young adults if the chance comes, but bathing is one thing, fucking one of them would still take some forwardness on my part.
These boys are still going to be more reluctant since I am their buddy's mom. I don't have to tell you how men and women are treated and judged differently.
Nothing was going to happen if I did not make it, so I threw my towel over my shoulder and headed to the pond, showing my ass to the three naked boys that were following me like my little ducklings, I just could not wait to get a good look at them.
The pond was crystal clear and the moon was reflecting in it. I was glad I suggested it, and I was not lying that it was partly because I hated sleeping sweaty, but mostly to have some daring fun with my son's friends. I walked slowly in the water giving them extra time to see my ass.
This was a new experience, I haven't even been naked with long-time friends our age in quite a while. I guess I missed it, just being naked in front of someone other than Joel, I am sure he does too. Even though I was too conservative in college, after we got married we had some wild parties with pot and booze when we were younger, and Jason would go off to his grandparents for a weekend. After everyone but some close friends left, we would on occasion wake up with someone's spouse other than our own the next morning, I miss all of that but the hangovers.
Looking at those young naked bodies of theirs in the moonlight, their tight asses, and their lovely penises exposed, had me wanting every one of them. My God, I was getting turned on, and close to out of control, I just wanted to grab one of them. These boys weren't pumped up like dancers in a club, often bodybuilders full of steroids, and often gay. What I was looking at was athletic everyday young men, with fit bodies au natural, a MILFs dream.
Curly had already had, well, almost had a real handy from me, and he dared to ask me if I wanted him to launch me up for a dive? I said "OK," I was happy to show more of me out of the water, and make some more body-to-body contact with him. I told him I was fine with it, but that they had to all take a turn so I could see who was the strongest man, by launching me the highest.
They were game, I think even excited, Larry was first. I was going to get all I could out of it, and made sure our naked bodies made contact before he cupped his hands to boost me. I acted as I had never had done it before, and was so close I felt the tip of his penis touch me as I said, "Is this right, I have not done this in a long time, its kind of a guy thing, am I too close?"
I knew it wasn't how you get ready, but I was not going to miss a chance to feel his penis. I was being so, so bad. But when would I ever get this chance again, I am not getting younger either, and MILFs get more young stuff than matures, they get stuck with young daddy figures. A mature is what I would be sooner than I would like. Yes, we all want young stuff, if us women, not just our husbands, youth is power.
I tried to come up with some other swimming game, Marco Polo is for kids, so not thinking I said, how about a chicken fight I have done that a lot. It got quiet for a minute, and before I figured it out on my own, Curly confirmed what were to be my second thoughts, "Since we are not in trunks, that game would be more than OK for the guy that gets you and has your, well, gets to feel you bald vagina on the back of their neck, but the one that gets his friend's dick and balls back there is not going to be a happy camper."
We all laughed, and he was right, but it was the only other swimming activity that would make us touch I could think of. I agreed that we should go back to the camp even though I was enjoying being naked with the boys. Once we toweled off a little it at least felt like a warmer night than the first one, probably because we were out of the colder water, and the night was still. I love being nude with them and stayed with my boldness and did not try to cover myself again, just threw my towel over my shoulder again as I led them back. They did the same, as they followed me, it's hard to wiggle your naked ass without it looking so deliberate, but I tried.
We got back to the camp, we were dry in most places of our bodies, but not all. I suggested we stoke the fire that we had let get down when we left, and let it dry us the rest of the way before dressing. We had a lot of wood, we had been lucky in finding it, we went through some dead trees on the way there that had fallen years ago, very easy to break off pieces. So we picked up and carried as many as the four of us could handle to this spot.
We soon had a roaring fire, and no brush around to cause it to spread. Once we had broken the ice they were getting more comfortable being naked with me. I don't think any of us wanted to get dressed right away, it's fun being stoned and naked at any age, that is one thing good that started in the '60s. I certainly did not want to lose the view of their spectacular young bodies, with their exposed penises, now warming up and showing some life.
I spotted Larry using one of his hands to try to excite his member a little more, for me I guess. They were across from me, sitting on rocks we arranged, their penises were dangling down in an arch, a view a woman of my age could not help but enjoy. I was the leader, horny and wanting some cock so bad, it was up to me to keep things going. I had to be the aggressor, the others were afraid to escalate things because of me being their buddy's mom.
I told them, "Having you boys looking at this "Old Gal's Breasts and Vagina,'' while naked, and not seeming to mind it too much gives me a thrill I never experienced before, my nipples are hard, and it's all I can do not to touch myself. I can see it in your penises that seeing me naked must at least not turn you off. If it's OK with you, we can stay naked around the fire until bedtime if it does not get too cold. There is no one for miles around. Maybe we can even smoke some more pot if you like. Being high naked and outdoors in a group is a turn-on, anything you do while high is more intense."
Larry said, "I think I can speak for all of us, we would love to spend some more time naked with you. But you can cut out the Old Gal stuff, you and all of us know you are no "Old Gal to us," you are in reality one hot MILF, like some of our female professors you turn us on. I noticed on the trail up here your legs are just beautiful, so muscular, then there is that fine ass of yours, looking at it alone kept me a little stiff."
Larry then added, "We'll let it be known you are a beautiful blue- eyed blond, and I love those big breasts of yours, with their hard nipples. I would just love to nibble on them. But, I better stop and just say you are just plain fit, and sexy as hell. Just seeing your breasts, and a little of that slit between your legs, well, there is a part of me that would like to be in there, and that part is getting pretty hard just looking at you." (When he was saying that, he stood up and lifted his now partially erect cock to show the state of it to me.) He was then standing there with his half-hard cock in hand as he said, "I am not lying when I say I would love to share this soon to be a total boner with you if you were interested, and not Jason's mom, and someplace private as well of course."
I can't lie and say I was not excited about the thought of this young man showing me, and just offering his cock to me. Right about then, he showed some embarrassment about waving his cock around for me and sat down.
I tried to sell them that it was OK then, "If that is how all of you all feel tonight, how about let's just let me be the proverbial Hot MILF Larry claims I am. "Humor me I may never get a chance to be with three young men like this again."
"Seriously boys, don't worry about me being married or Jason's mom, he knows his mom and dad pretty well, and that we would not change from what he knows is our normalcy. We don't hide things like that from him anymore. He knows that we have had some wild times with other partners, we keep very little from him. He knew that on this trip Joel and I would be naked in front of you boys and Jen. Joel and I already discussed that any interaction with you in addition to just being naked would be something we were OK with, but we wouldn't share with Jason."
"What I am saying is, let's let it be known for the record, what has, and might happen on this trip stays here. I only reserve the right to tell my husband, especially if he gets lucky in some way with Jen, and I hope he does. We just don't keep it from each other, that would be cheating."
"That said, and before I regret what I said, and get embarrassed like Larry did when he offered me his cock, let's smoke some more weed. If any of you make an offer of your cock like Larry did, don't do it unless you are serious, I am one horny MILF and would rather suck on a young cock than a pipe right now, and I don't feel the need for it to be in private, I always liked being watched having sex in the right situation. Moe, where is that pipe?"
I managed to blow them away again with what I said, and if that did not convince them that nasty fun is not off the table, nothing would. Moe passed the pipe around again, I am not used to the potency of today's pot, and I was getting pretty fucked up from this third pass.
I got greedy, and then wanted to do something with not just one, but all of them while high. Or at very least do something with one of their cocks in front of the rest of them. I guess I have an exhibitionist tendency too.
Like with the games at the pond I was drawing a blank, so I came up with a challenge that was kind of dumb, but pretty damn bold and hot to think about. I knew they like me checking out their endowments, and my libido had control of me at that point, being naked with three 20 somethings, and having one stand up and wave, then offer his hardening cock to me likely caused me to come up with a way to try to get things started.
I spoke directly to Larry and said, "Larry, despite your statement about me being hot, I see you are all showing some signs of excitement, but you or no one else here is sporting what I would classify as an actual hardon from seeing this Hot MILF you claim that I am. Maybe you were not being honest, I saw you playing with your wiener a little to get what you showed me."
"How about this for a challenge. I am stoned and horny, and the thought of seeing some, and I mean real boners from all three of my boys at once thrills me, in fact, just visualizing the sight of it has me wet. The first one of you boys able to get yourself all the way hard, but without touching themselves gets a prize. So hands off your peckers boys, you are young, and I know the kind of hardons someone your age is capable of, I have already seen one on Curly."
"I will be the judge, judging a hardon contest between 3 young men is any MILF's dream. But let me make it clear, it has to be sticking straight out in front of you while you're standing up straight without being touched. I am older, but if you are not lying about me being hot to you, me being all the way naked should get you stiff."
Despite working up to this, they were all a little shocked, it shocked me too that I came up with and gave them that kind of challenge. I made a promise of a prize too without thinking that out. It all sounded like the script of a porn clip to even me. I was afraid I lost them, but then I saw my boys all looking down at their own, and each other's groins to see how their cocks were progressing compared to their friends. I hoped I was not overrating my nakedness, maybe they got used to it?
I was not seeing the results I expected, and Larry was the one showing the most courage again to tell me why, he asked, "Will you in any way be part of the prize you are promising? I was not lying when I said you are one hot lady, especially naked, or that I would share my hard cock with you, but you are sitting their legs closed now, we saw more of you earlier, and at the pond. It sounds like the view you gave Curly last night was an epic one to get him that hard. If we could see a little more of what you showed him, I think you will get to see exactly what you are describing? I mean think about it, you are asking for a total erection from us without any physical stimulation, you have a good view of our penises, how about returning the favor and let us see more of your sex too."
I said, "OK, on the first question, I have not thought it out I guess, but how about the first to achieve a stiff cock gets at least a sample of this MILF's oral skills. Let's just call it a somewhat abbreviated blow job from his friend's mom right here in front of the losers, yes it's crazy, but I am saying I am willing to take one of your penises in my mouth and suck it a little, maybe even finish you with a handy, I am guessing just promising that might help you out. The last one stiff will have to carry the heaviest pack the rest of the trip. If the thought of that is not enough, I guess I am willing to show more of my vagina, it did get Curly hard when I undressed in the tent, but remember, no touching yourselves now, not yet anyway, maybe later if what I show you fails to work."
Since at least Larry wants to see more, if you agree with him, go get me my sleeping bag and bring it out here for me to sit on instead of this little towel on a small rock that could not be more uncomfortable, then I can lean back, and open my legs for you and give you the more in-depth view Larry was requesting."
That motivated them, they all three jumped up, and like the Stooges, in true Larry, Curly, and Moe fashion, almost knocking each other down. Larry I think was already stiffer just from getting the nerve to make his last statement.
I could not help but feel a little strange, and a little guilty for how far I was going, I was being slutty, but that was all overridden by my horniness, and the excitement I was feeling from having the three of my boys more excited now.
I was no longer so timid, and I just leaned back with knees in the air spread my legs, and got to work. It was a little dark except for the moon and fire, but I could see it was enough to give them a pretty good view. I showed them my slit, by taking two fingers up and down it opening up my slit and said, "How about that, can you see my MILF pussy, does it look like a younger women's? Does thinking about the possibility of getting to put your cock inside it on this trip get you hard?"
It was something seeing their cocks starting to react already, but I did lay it on pretty heavy. The courage they were showing just going along with this for me was surprising. All three of them were now standing up, and closer to me, all wanting to see more of me, and be seen as the first one with his dick perpendicular to his body, (pun intended). There was no longer a chill in the air around me. I guess I got myself so hot I was radiating heat.
I figured it was a good time to show them that my mouth might not be the only part of me I am willing to let them penetrate if things ever got that far on this trip. I spread my legs further, and opened the lips of my pussy with my fingers showing my opening to them, I felt so turned on doing it, that I could no longer stop myself from inserting my fingers.
"Is this what you wanted to see boys, did you want to see how this slutty MILF masturbates?"
I was committed now, not to mention just plain needing some immediate stimulation. I spread my legs even further, wide open as I was fucking myself. I was not lying to them, I was just plain masturbating like I would have in private to get myself off. I had never masturbated for anybody but Joel before that.
It was dead quiet, I could tell they all wanted to put their hands on their cocks after seeing me going at myself. I could not stop myself from moaning, believe me, I was not faking it, being watched by three naked boys caused it to be more intense.
Larry who had a head start was first to be walking around in front of me and got close to my face with his hard wiener as he swung his hips so it would wiggle. He did it while holding his hands up in the air, proving it was truly a hands-free boner pointing straight out in front of him. Then he turned to proudly show the other boys he had a full erection and was the winner.
Soon, just a few seconds later the others achieved the same success, and the boys looked so proud of their hard cocks protruding from their fit bodies, it's a man thing. I was going to have to pay up, but I was so looking forward to getting to suck a young cock.
I motioned Larry the winner to come over to me before I lost my nerve. Curly was second to be hard, poor Moe, he was last, but I can't say he was any less hung than Larry, about the same lengthwise but he had a thicker shaft, yes we girls notice those things.
I was on my knees ready to pay up, I was as close as I had been to any of their exposed members other than Curly's at that point, and could see what I was getting. His penis was not as perfect as Curly's, but it was a hard cock I put my mouth over it, and having my mouth full of cock as the others watched gave me the warm feeling I yearned for.
I never could have imagined that I would ever be on my knees naked in nature, with three naked young men, sucking cock. Being high while doing it took it over the top.
Once I started, I gave him a pretty good sample of my skills. I was just so overjoyed, I then took a step backward blowjob-wise, I wanted to savor the moment and stretch it out. I licked every bit of his cock and balls, and swirled my tongue over his knob before getting serious and just sucking it again. The whole time I was still masturbating.
Then I quit working myself to reach around to get a grip on his boy ass, I forgot how good a butt feels at that age when it is pure muscle. I even briefly showed him and the others that this MILF knows how to swallow, and opened up my throat and took almost all of it. I was hooked then, I guess deep down then I knew I was not capable of just giving a sample. I did not stop trying until I had his whole cock up to his balls in my mouth and throat, as they watched intently.
I realized soon that this was more than just a sample I was giving to him, but I could not have predicted how hot it was going to be doing this in front of an audience of boys. He looked so cocky, like a proud rooster standing there arms crossed in front of his friend's while getting a blowjob from a friend's naked mom. I guess I could have felt some shame from what I was doing, but fuck no, the pure pleasure of sucking cock while being watched trumped any of those feelings.
It was quiet except for the sounds of sucking, and the sounds of pleasure that Larry could not contain anymore, the others got closer to watch, and one was on each side of him. They were no longer able to not touch themselves as they stood there and watched. I can't say they were jerking off, but just making sure they stayed erect, hoping I could not stop at just one cock? I think seeing them with their hands massaging their young cocks, was very much like seeing a gang bang porn, guys always fluffing themselves as they wait for their turn, but this was real!
I stepped things up, and it was not long until Larry gave me notice, "Oh Fuck L, your so good at it, I think I am going to cum, I just can't help it."
"Go for it Larry, take over for me and finish, cum on my tits, let me watch and feel your warm seed on my breasts you claim are so nice."
He did, I just leaned back a little as he took over, and he and I masturbated, as we waited for his ejaculation. I had hoped for some action on this trip, but having a young guy jerk his load on me as his buddies watched exceeded all expectations. It did not take long before I saw the awesome sight of his pee hole opening up, and his ropes of cum exiting. They came flying through the air at me, landing on my chest looking almost in slow motion. I did not feel a bit embarrassed about letting him cum all over my big MILF breasts. I was too turned on, that like them with their boners, I felt proud taking one of my boy's cum on my tits in front of the others, who wanted to give me theirs too.
I did not hesitate, I made my mind up as I felt his cum hit me, I was going to suck all three of them. I reached out and gently gripped Curly's cock while saying, "You were second." He was so fucking hot standing there with his perfect physique, and his, well it was just a huge cock. I got the same thrill and feelings as I had with Larry, but could tell it was longer and thicker. I wanted to just lay back and be fucked, as he did have the biggest cock, and imagined how it would feel inside me. Instead, I grabbed his ass cheeks then and pulled him back and forth to show him I was willing to let him face fuck this horny MILF.
He got it, and after that, I was just providing my mouth as he held my head and fucked my face. I held one ass cheek with one hand and held his tight nut sack with the other as he did. He too warned me of his impending cumshot, but I did not let go of his ass or nuts, in fact when he started shooting his cum in my mouth I squeezed his sack enough to get it all.
There I was on my knees as he pumped what seemed like an endless amount of cum at quite a velocity in my mouth. I could feel it running down my cheeks when he pulled out and said, "Oh Fuck L, that was great, no girl has ever let me do that, it was just awesome. You are so hot, it was hard for me not to just throw you down and jump you, and just fuck that perfect pussy of yours, I want more of you so bad, I think it is safe to say we all do."
I told them, "I am just so fucking horny from seeing and sucking your young cocks, just look at my pussy hole quiver," and I opened up my labia to show it, "it is just begging for some cock too."
Moe was there with a towel to wipe my face, and I let him as sat back down legs spread again. I rubbed what was on my chest into it. My pussy was on full display, and I was using some of the cum for lube, as I rubbed my clit I wanted to cum too.
Moe was now the only one left, the loser game-wise, but I was so turned on I was about to make him the winner. After all, it was his pot that helped things get to where they were, so I felt I should and could justify doing something more with him. I needed fucked and I gave him my best seductive look as I rubbed clit some more.
"You lost the contest Moe, but I am feeling bad that the penalty I gave you was way too harsh, so I am willing to try to make up for it. I could lie and say it is just because I needed to get off my knees, but that is only partly true, truth is, I need fucked, and want it to be you. I figure fucking your buddy's mom in front of your other friends who only got a blow job should make up for the excessive penalty I gave you."
He was speechless, I was shocked as well, my slut factor was going up by the second, but I was loving it, and they were not complaining.
He was standing there in front of me with his stiff young cock back to standing straight out again, what a beautiful sight. But getting started was more difficult for him, it was not like just presenting his cock to me as the others did, and then putting his head back and enjoying it. I just got bold again to get him started, "My pussy is so ready for you Moe," then kept rubbing my clit, and kept my legs spread wide, as usual, it made my open hole tremble in excitement as my juices were releasing. "Can you see my pussy trying to talk to you, it's saying it's lubed and ready for some young cock. Just slide It in your friend's mom's pussy and fuck the shit out of the slut as your envious friends watch and can only jerk off."
I rested my head on a backpack and was laying there pussy fully exposed to not just Moe, but all of them now as I worked my own clit. It was only a few moments, but epic ones, knowing my excited pussy was the focus of all my boys. Then I felt a little whiff of cool mountain air hit me right there, right before his hard cock made contact. He looked so excited I was afraid he was going to cum involuntarily as he pushed his knob in me carefully, he is such a sweet boy.
There we were, two sets of blue-eyes staring deeply into each other's, and my legs up in the air for this 20-year-old, as he started to stroke me. A shiver went through my body as I waited for him to get serious and fuck me. When he finally did, I was in sexual heaven instantly. He felt so good in me that even though I liked the idea of being watched, I forgot that we were. I had the boy I seemed to have some kind of special feelings for fucking me, and it was the only thing that mattered to me at that moment.
My big breasts were flapping up and down on my chest, but I wanted the warm feeling of his chest pressing against them, all of my boys were big guys over 6ft, so when I reached to wrap my arms around his back, and legs around his tight boy ass, I, I felt so tiny under his body. I told him, "You feel so good in me you big boy, keep going, fuck this horny MILF just as hard and long as you want to, your just so special to me, don't even think about pulling out, I want to feel you cum inside me."
"Oh L, you are special to me too, I wanted you ever since I first met you, but felt you were off-limits. My cock feels so good in your warm pussy, like it was created for it, you are so awesome for showing us not just how to camp, but now how to party naked, and now fuck properly too. I want to make you cum to show you how I feel about you, but I am so worked up, I hope I don't cum sooner than we both want me to."
In a moment of clarity, I said, "It's OK, don't worry if you do, just having you fuck me is enough for now, and I want you to remember you are the first, I know I will." I whispered in his ear, "I don't want to disappoint the others, but you may even be the only one of my boys that gets to fuck me this trip."
He continued to fuck me hard, and it felt so good, my already excited clit was getting rubbed on some of his strokes he was so much on top of me. I was just short of cumming when Moe decided to take another approach to go deeper, and in the process give the others a little hotter show. He was 21, and no rookie, he knew what he was doing, he pushed my legs up, and I then pulled them back and held them there, first I showed them my pussy, now my MILF ass was up in the air for them.
He had to know he was giving them a show, as now he was coming straight down on me like a pile driver, and both our asses were pointed their way. I felt so sexy knowing what they were seeing. My muscular MILF ass, and Moe's tight muscular boy ass above it, in between, was his cock and balls pointed down, as his cock was going in and out of my pussy, deeper and deeper until his tight ball sack was hitting my ass. I had seen that view before live and in person like this years ago, only it was Joel the love of my life fucking a neighbor as her husband and I watched, it is such a hot thing to see live.
I could see the boys when I held my legs tight and could see Larry and Curly standing there doing some serious jerking off as they watched. Moe was now leaning far enough over that my legs were being held back with his shoulders. That freed up my hands, and I managed to get one down to my clit again.
Moe continued to pound me, and it was not long before I came, and I came as hard as I could ever remember. "Oh Fuck Moe, Oh Fuck, You are the first of my boys' to make me cum, Oh God it feels good," My whole body was shaking as I yelled, "cum in me now."
He did almost on my cue, it was as close to a mutual "O" as you can get, I felt rope after rope as it hit my walls. It seemed to last for him too, as he continued to empty his balls inside me and then kissed me tenderly before he pulled out. There was Larry and Curly still jerking themselves from watching I thought for a moment why not make it a train but it might have been too much so instead I said, "Oh Fuck you two, don't waste that warm jizz shooting it in the dirt, this is such a special moment, shoot your warm seed on this needy MILF's breast and tummy, she wants to feel the warmness of your precious seed on me."
I may have sounded corny, but I meant it, and it was such a beautiful sight, Larry standing there jerking his load, and shot his first, then backed off and gave Curly and his big cock the main stage. Looking up at his long thick cock was special in itself, but then he let loose of another load almost as big as his first. My pussy was filled and I was covered and had to just lay there and get my breath from it, even though they did all the work.
My boys were quick to each kiss me, it made me feel more worshiped than used. Moe, gave me more kisses, making me feel special, I reached up and held his head as he and I swapped tongues a little as the others admired his pie oozing from my pussy.
I had to be a sight, my legs spread wide, my pussy hole now extremely red and swollen with Moe's fresh pie forming on it. I was only lit by the moonlight, and that gave me more courage to display it to my boys. At my age to get one like that from a young guy, was something you only dream of and have to be proud to show it off.
I figured I needed to say something to wrap things up, "You boys are so good for making this MILF feel so special tonight, I hope you don't feel less of me for being so slutty in the process, I could not help it you are all so hot, and all treated me so well."
Larry, "You are no slut, what you did was not slutty, sex is a beautiful act, and you are the most beautiful MILF I have ever seen, and the first one that I ever wanted to make love to. You're even more beautiful now with that pie on your pussy, although I am sure I could give you a bigger one of course. You looked so sexy as you took on all three of us, and you are making this trip an epic one for us!"
Yeah, that Larry just never quits with his bullshit, and bragging.
I could not have been fucked any better, and being cum on by two boys was the perfect finish to a fuck session. I was tired and ready for bed though, and I think the boys were a little disappointed that they did not get what Moe did, but I got them all off.
It was bedtime, and we all went to our tents. Larry was my tent partner that night and knew that I had plenty of cock, well plenty of cum for sure, but he was ready to go again. Jerking off or even a blowjob is not like fucking a woman, so he was testing the waters. That is what's great about young men, they have such an endless supply of cum, the other side of that is they also do not know when to quit. He did not want to just come out and say it, but was still naked and half hard in the tent even after I put some panties on, he stayed naked. It was so cute how he tried to test the waters, he said, "I think we could keep warmer if we both just slept naked tonight, and in the same bag, that's what the Eskimos do."
I responded quickly, but not too sharply, "How do you know that, have you slept with one? Or did you see that in a movie? If you want to fuck me and get sloppy seconds just say it, this MILF can out fuck any one of you rookies, if you think you have another load in you, a third let's go and get it done, but I am not promising to participate much, or let you fuck me on my bag, I do not want to sleep in a puddle of our fluids after you are done."
He laid down on his bag, his cock was almost ready, and might I say still looking good to me, when he said, "We can use my bag, but can I hold your big tits as you ride my cock?"
I said, "Hell No, what did you not understand about you doing all the work, I am twice your age at 40ish and although willing to be fucked by a 20-year-old again, I am a bit tired I admit. If you must, I am willing to lay down and let you do the rest. I will lie on my tummy so you can enter me from behind with it, and let me be clear, I mean my pussy hole and not my ass."
I thought I did have enough, but I can't say I did not enjoy just having someone young and hot want me bad enough to give me such a weak come on. I am proud of myself for telling him I could take all the cock they could give me
I did not want to have a cum mishap all over the bag, so I told him he could go ahead and cum in me as I rolled over on his bag for him as promised, I figured he surely could not have much left, and my pussy was already containing some of Moe's cum, so what was another small load.
He entered me and got to work, at first I was just laying there letting him have his way. But I guess I was not lying when I said I could out fuck them. Just feeling his man hands on me as he continued to thrust his cock in my pussy changed that feeling. It seemed like he was going deeper on every thrust until I could feel his balls hit me and then I was back into enjoying the sex and had to tell him so, "Oh Fuck Yeah Larry, Fuck this MILF you wanted so bad, Moe made me cum, I bet you can't make me cum Big Boy."
He pumped me for quite a while while I swooned from just the feeling, I was starting to get into it and stopped him briefly so he could get our two tiny pillows to put under my tummy and be more comfortable. My pussy was then more up in the air, and he straddled me so he could go deep in me. "Come on Larry, you talk big, I want to feel your balls hit this MILF like you watched Moe's do."
He answered my plea, and his balls were hitting me on each stroke, sometimes hitting my clit from this position. Now we were getting somewhere, I came, not as hard as with Moe, but enough to make me get pretty loud, I guess a MILF is never too tired to enjoy having some young buck fuck her hard.
He was still going and was not going to give in till he got off a load, he was breathing hard for a young fit guy. Surprisingly I came again, and he paused as I said, "Oh Fuck yeah Larry, you did it, you're not just talk, you made this MILF cum twice when she thought she was too fucking tired too."
"Keep going if you want off too, but you sound out of breath."
He was, but his cock was still rock hard, so I took over, I climbed on top and rode him like I said I would not do. It continued to feel good having a cock in me, if any of the others were asleep, my moaning and praises had to wake them up. When he finally came, I was right he did not have a lot to give, but I never heard a guy cum so loud before. I rolled off, and he said, "Oh Fuck, Fuck Yeah L, I am hooked, I am going to hit on nothing but MILF's from now on, I thought getting you off, and getting another shot in for myself was going to kill me."
My pussy felt more than full having taken another load, and I did not want it to drain on or inside my bag, so I pulled back on my legs, and kept them together to hold it in, and told him to hand me the small makeup bag next to him. I made him fish me out a tampon, I never travel without them I have not had menopause yet. I saw him look at his cock he apparently had fucked a girl on the rag before. I told him it was not what he thought, but don't look it is not a pretty scene seeing a woman trying to stuff a tampon in while her pussy is full of cum that wants out, but I needed it in me to soak up hopefully most of the spunk, so it would not run out in my bag, and I could sleep better.
It was late, but I managed to get a good night's sleep, maybe a better one since I was both tired, and might I say "well satisfied," what transpired did not seem real to me then, and still is hard to believe, as what I had that night was any horny MILF's dream two blowjobs followed by being fucked twice.
We got up the next morning and despite all the activity the night before it was a pretty normal morning. Maybe I am wrong but I felt like I was getting more respect from them for what I did with them all, but maybe I just wanted to feel that way. We hydrated some more eggs, eating them again was getting old, but there is not much else full of protein that takes up little room. We supplemented them with granola bars, they are just cereal in a bar, and just full of carbs, we needed them to after all the calories we burned hiking and fucking.
We traveled some more across the mountain, the views were so beautiful wildflowers were in bloom along the trail as well. I felt like a new woman, having sex with three younger men made me feel so sexy and desirable. But also a MILF that is a little worn for the wear, I took a break in the afternoon as the boys explored some rock formations I pointed out to them, they had some small caves in them, and I knew that would keep them busy. I needed a nap and decided to take it in the sun. I loved feeling the sun hit me and took off my top and bra, the sun felt so good on my skin, I decided I should lose my shorts as well.
The boys came back without warning, it was my naked body's daylight debut and not on purpose, it helped my self-esteem as they seemed to enjoy being able to see me better. I put on my shorts but did not put my top on right away, I just could not get tired of the attention my boobs always get.
Later when we got back on the trail I put my top back on, we did not have far to go, and would still have plenty of daylight when we made camp again. We made it down to the river before we set up camp, and made a fire close to the water to cook and then sit around after dark. We sure were sick of dehydrated food and Larry and I managed to catch a few fish with the two tiny travel rods and some fake bait I packed, if we had proper equipment and live bait we could have caught more. It was enough for us all to get our own fish with our other food.
I let Curly do the cooking, and he had sauteed some mushrooms with the fish, they did not look like mushrooms I was used to and questioned where they even got them. I guess it was during their little exploration by themselves. I was a little suspicious, but there is nothing like freshly caught fish in the wilderness even without us having any spices other than salt and pepper. It did not matter, I can't say the mushrooms were that good on top of the fish, in fact, I would have thrown them off if they weren't there looking, I sure hoped they were not poison. It was still a gourmet meal after all the dehydrated crap we were surviving on.
It was early, too soon to stoke up the fire as we had over two hours of daylight left. We sat around the small cooking fire and talked about the trip so far after dinner. I could tell something was up as I was the focus of attention more than ever on the trip.
We talked some more and Larry the smooth talker ask me, "How are you feeling? Have you ever done mushrooms before?"
"Oh, so that is what is going on with all the attention I am getting with my clothes on. You want to see if I am getting off. I have never done them before, but I have done other hallucinogens, and I think I can feel myself losing some sense of reality. Am I sitting around here with a bunch of still horny college kids that probably want to get naked with me again today, I remember how young guys are, once you suck or let one of them fuck you they just expect more?"
Larry said, "Well you know the thought of your naked body, with our cocks in one of its orifices has crossed our minds. You have to admit it has been a fun trip, you teaching us how to backpack and camp, and how an experienced woman sucks a cock, or fucks you. That was all great and unexpected for sure. We figure it's your turn to have us do something special that is just for your pleasure. Is there anything we can do to show our appreciation?
I said, "What went down last night was unexpected but yet not something I did not want to happen, the older you get the more fantasies you seem to get, and sex with a younger guy is high on the list, sex with three of them, I would never have thought was possible at my age. I remember how it feels to get fucked up on hallucinogens and run around naked, so I am game for something involving nudity if I am reading your thoughts correctly?"
Larry looked at and surveyed the rest of the boys by looking their way, and got some Yes Nods. Saying, "It's unanimous you sexy thing, you can't be naked too much for us, just tell us what you have in mind and you got it."
I had a different idea, something rarer for a woman, and asked them, "You do know what CFNM is I am sure? I think I might enjoy being clothed and having 3 nude boys running around just for me to admire their young fit bodies.
You can start fulfilling this fantasy by getting naked for me while it is still daylight while letting me stay dressed for a while. There is nothing a MILF likes better than fit boys with their young cocks flopping around in the open. I guess it is because it is something out of the ordinary for me and most women. I saw you after dark, I just want to admire the fit bodies that God gave you in the daylight.
A half-hour went by and like me, they were now pretty fucked up on the shrooms. They were up and running around like I hoped they would, they were young men, but this brought out the boy that was still in them, and they even started making fun of each other like I was not even there.
They were Frisbee tossing, some type of game they were into and I did not try to figure out the rules. I think they forgot they were being watched, and that is what I hoped for. Up until then, I had just a mild high from the shrooms but no hallucinations, but now they were starting. Drug or mushroom-induced hallucinations are never portrayed very well in movies. Some geek special effects guy that never even smoked a joint probably gets the job. In reality, they can be consistent, but usually come and go in milliseconds.
Watching my boys throw the Frisbee was one of those times they came and went. The first ones I noticed was that their penises were not just a swinging as they threw the disk, they were down almost to their knees, swinging more like an elephant's trunk does. Everything else on their bodies were in normal proportions at that point. I guess it was because I was so interested and fixated on them my mind decided to give me an extra treat, I like seeing huge young cocks!
Soon a dispute over the game they were playing led to them fighting arm to arm as young guys do. I just loved it, because of them being nude, their exaggerated huge cocks were swinging and they sometimes smacked the other guy with them, well it looked like that to me. I think for us that is the equivalent of guys seeing two girls kiss. I don't enjoy seeing males have sex, but seeing this play with their exaggerated cocks making incidental contact was a turn-on, and eventually, I was starting to wonder what would be the best way to transition and join them naked.
The Frisbee game soon came to an end, when Larry and Curly ended up on the ground wresting as part of a dispute in the game while the other two of us watched. This was not goofing around my brother was a high school wrestler and I had to go to matches. The two of them were serious about pinning the other. It was not meant to be erotic but it was to me, they were naked!
Curly got the best of him and had him pinned. Larry, unlike any young man, was not going to accept defeat and was trying everything to break loose and or maybe even pin him. In a move out of desperation I guess, he surprised Curly, us, and himself I think, as he reached over to try to get a hold on Curly's arm or leg and failed. He was then grasping for any part of him, now in my eyes their cocks were as big as their limbs, and in the process of trying to get a hold on him he ended up with his hand gripping Curly's cock that was not just big to me, but now somewhat stiff. I think that part was true, just not the size, the adrenaline, testosterone mix that was flowing through their bodies would likely make them hard. I don't know how Moe perceived it from where his mind was from the shrooms, but to me, it looked like an honest mistake. It was strange but it made the whole scene hotter to me.
Curly was not having it, and could not pull away without hurting himself, so he let go of Larry with one of his hands, but then grabbed Larry's over-sized cock, now they both were pinned, maybe it was on purpose, you can't break away from someone holding your cock I guess, the equivalent of a female with a hand full of another one's breast.
They were locked in a wrestling hold that they likely never experienced or expected to ever be in, and it was something the other two of us had never seen. It wasn't at all like gay porn, it was not gay, and it probably would not look the same if I was not hallucinating.
They were fucked up and worn out, so they let go of each other, probably after realizing what they actually had a hold of. They were just laying there spent, and looking so good with their young cocks standing up almost totally hard from the contact, which meant to me they were well over a foot tall.
I had plenty of time to enjoy their sexy young bodies, their penis's in all possible exaggerated stages, flaccid, semi-aroused, aroused, and the ever-popular state with us MILFs, rock-hard.
I decided that considering the recent naked Frisbee toss, that ended with a fiercely contested wrestling match that even involved their man-hoods, I should come up with something that could not be considered anything but heterosexual. The purpose was to make them forget the likely rarely seen wrestling move, cock grabbing. I told them, "Well that was great, seeing your cocks all swinging around like that, and banging against each other was strangely enjoyable for me on these shrooms."
"I am now totally fucked up from the shrooms, and ready to join you in my natural state. I just can't get enough of my boys' cocks I guess. Watching big cocks swinging has this MILF wanting to be fucked again tonight."
I was asked how I would like to fuck, and since I was the aggressor last night I stated, "Would the three of you be interested in making me your cum slut? Stripping my clothes off as I role play and say "No Please Don't do that." I want you to have your way, then fuck me, all of you. But I want you to act like you are taking me against my will."
They just stood there in amazement at what I asked for, and the way I wanted it done. I was amazed as well that I did. But they are the ones that drugged me, it gave me the courage to ask for a fantasy, the thought of a role play sex with multiple hot young guys, and against my will is what I came up with, a rape role play. I have had the fantasy of being taken by multiple guys for years, actually being raped was never part of it. It was a fictional fantasy, and this was my chance to just play it out.
Larry said, "I told you anything you want from us, none of us have had any drama courses that I know of, so it will likely be a little corny, and not well-acted, but I think we have proven that our fucking will meet your expectations."
No one else had anything to say or objected, and Larry took charge, he lined them up, bare butt cheek to bare butt cheek in front of me. Saying his first lines that I thought were perfect, "Here we are, your last degrading view of us, you know how guys don't like their naked bodies touching. Well, there are three of us boys that are willing to touch, as we make you lick our groin areas, and suck our cocks you slut, every last one of them until we say you're done."
I decided to reply in my role of victim and not as well put as Larry, "Oh No, get those big cocks away from me, I am a happily married woman and your friend's mom, don't make me lick you and suck your cocks. If I do, you will just want to fuck my MILF pussy over and over as well, please don't."
Curly, "You slut, this is all your fault, you know you are a hot MILF that boys like us can not resist. So sexy and irresistible dressed in hiking clothes, but with no bra, and no panties. Then making us parade around you naked in daylight so you could enjoy watching us like you would animals in a zoo. Now you are trying to act like you weren't lusting for these hard young cocks as you continued to flirt with us."
"I'm sorry I treated you like you were just put on this earth to please us MILFs, but if you have to punish me for it, get closer to me so I can lube your cocks up with saliva, to make it easier on my throat when you shove your big cocks down there and make me gag on them."
They did, and then I wrapped my arms around all three boy butts and held them there together as I licked every part of their genitalia, sucked every ball, and toyed with each of their knobs until I could feel them squirming as I held them tightly together. They were supposed to be torturing me, but they weren't too happy having their naked male bodies squashed all together, but the view for me was fantastic. But hey, they were getting their cocks sucked.
Once I knew they were as worked up as they could get, I let go and they proceeded to face fuck me. I opened my throat and took them so deep that I was gasping for breath, and tears were coming out of my eyes, but I loved every bit of it.
Moe surprised me again being the quiet one I was so close to, "I hope you are learning your lesson you Dirty MILF, taking advantage of us young boys in your charge. But we want to make sure you do not take advantage of any more boys like us. We are not so young not to want to spread your legs and hold them, so we can take turns eating your pussy until you speak in tongues, and then use our hard young cocks to fuck you till you can't speak at all."
The shrooms were helping me get into this fantasy uninhibited and enjoy it. Moe's dialog was surprising but set the stage for what they did. I was still dressed, but they stripped me, rough enough to sell it as a rape, but not enough to hurt me. Having three naked fit 6 ft plus boys pretending to be raping me as they undressed me was such a thrill in itself. I can't describe how it felt, two of my big boys pulling my shorts off holding my arms down and spreading my legs to expose my pussy. I tried to act ashamed but was loving the fact that my pussy was so exposed to them. Then opened my shirt exposing my breasts as well, and Larry nibbled on my nipples as the other two pulled it off of my arms.
Now I was totally naked in daylight with my three naked boys again, I loved the way it felt, just as good as the night before. They soon had my legs spread and my pussy in the air, and I was looking down as one by one they all took a turn eating my pussy. This was so different than any sex I had in front of anyone before. Looking down and seeing one of my boys tongue fucking me, and licking my clit, and now it was their tongues that were looking too big to penetrate my opening. My two other boys standing there watching with huge cocks in hand keeping them ready for their turn.
I was into it, and just imagining they were taking this MILF against her will, "You boys are so bad, torturing your friend's mom by stripping her and then trying to gobble up her pussy, I see you stroking your cocks to keep them hard, you better not even think of fucking me with those huge cocks of yours, they are not going to fit in my little pussy."
But not only did they fuck me after the oral, but they also forced me to suck the other's cocks as they took turns fucking me. I don't know how many times I came during the oral, the number did not matter, and maybe I was speaking in tongues, but they were not far off saying they were going to fuck me till I could not speak, as I was losing my voice during the fucking part, I told them, "Oh Fuck, you boys you are wearing my MILF Pussy out, save some pussy for poor husband Joel, who I am sure is not taking advantage of young Jen, he is not like you dirty young guys."
I just can't describe the euphoria of being taken by the three of them. They all fucked me hard, and in different positions, and more than once, it was my first train. I loved being doggie while Curly shoved his big cock in and out of me. He knows he is big, and was teasing me taking slow but deep strokes pulling all the way out on each stroke and then ramming my pussy hole with his big knob and shoving it all the way in again, and he did this as the other two took turns using my mouth as their fuck hole. It sounds weird to some, but I enjoyed this fantasy of being degraded like a cumslut, but I guess only because it was just role-playing, and we were all stoned.
By the time they were done with me, I had taken all three of their cumshots inside me. We ended up around the fire passing a pipe full of weed around to mellow out. I was not done being a cum slut, so I sat there with my legs spread so they could see the great big pie that formed on my pussy and was still dripping on the ground. I did not stop teasing them, I was taking my fingers and dipping them in their combined pie and licking them clean.
We sat around still naked and mellow and talked until late, critiqued each other's acting skills and dialog. Even though I knew I had enough I still wanted to tease them. I continued to sit legs spread so wide, that my pussy hole opened up even more, and any leftover cum and juices of my own oozed out. I forgot I was with young horny studs that would have fucked me again if I would have even hinted I wanted it. I did succeed in making them have to play with themselves for me to watch, or maybe it was meant as torture. Let's just say it was an arousing conversation, I was too tired and full of cum to fuck, but not to join them in seeking self-pleasure. They were so used to jerking off for, and with me by then, I don't think it bothered them doing in front of each other.
I might have been talked into another round of fucking but I was quite tired and my pussy needed a break, so I just laid back and let them cum all over me again, some on my face, and the rest on my breasts and stomach. I looked like the cum slut poster child after that. I broke out of character then, "Thank you guys for doing that for me, I love all three of you for helping me fulfill such a sick, but yet hot fantasy."
Moe cleaned me up with a towel, and then carried me to the tent, he did not ask for anything but suggested we slept together. It made me wonder if was having some of the same feelings I had. We put our bags together laid on one, covered with the other as we spooned and snuggled all night. I hated to admit to myself that I felt a little like a teen in love that night. I hoped it would go away with the high from the shrooms and all the fucking I got. Despite our ages, I knew it was just the kind of love that sometimes feels real after you fuck someone new, but knowing it just can not be can hurt you just the same.
I was the first to wake up, I felt like I woke up from a sexual dream, but it was all true. I looked at Moe, still sleeping so peacefully, but making a big tent with his cock. I know it is just natural for a young guy to get them, and that it did not mean he was dreaming about me. But I wanted it, I just plain wanted more of him, and only him that one last time, and just had to uncover it. I lifted the cover to see the most beautiful example of young morning wood in front of me, on such a beautiful boy. I just had to pull the top bag off, and just look at him laying there his young body so beautiful as he was stretched out naked. He was still sleeping, and I thought I could just look at it, and the beautiful boy that was sporting it. But just then the sun was starting to rise over the tent and illuminating his perfect young body making it glow in my eyes.
I was wrong, I could not just observe the beauty of him with his hard cock standing up like that. He was still asleep but his cock wasn't, it was like it was on its own in teasing me. I wanted it, and to justify taking it in my mouth I thought, what better treat could I give him as a goodbye than to maybe wake up thinking he was having a wet dream, only to see it was his naked friend's mom sucking his cock again.
I delicately held his balls and bottom of his shaft as to not wake him as I licked his knob. I could see on his face and by the movements, twitches, that at least his fit body liked it. I was simply giving him a climax to his dream by stimulating his involuntary erection. Maybe I was just justifying what I was doing was for him by having his big cock in my mouth one last time was for me too. He was awake but did not open his eyes until he came, and I swallowed his load. He said, "I guess I have never had a real woman until now, and one with as big a sex drive as mine, I could get used to this, you're so special to me."
That was all that was said, or needed to be for that matter.
Despite all the activity the night before, and that morning, things were pretty normal. Curly was the cook again and he hydrated some more fucking eggs, this was a dehydrated omelet or supposed to be, the boys wanted to add some leftover shrooms to it, but I stopped them, we had to get back that day and still had a way to hike, it would be hard to get lost walking up beside a river, but on mushrooms, we might have.
We did not rush though, we took the last leg leisurely down the river, stopped, and took our last naked swim in the river for a break, it was a bright sunny day, and my last chance to see my precious boys naked. They were throwing the Frisbee in knee-deep water, as I went up to get dry, and just watch their young cocks at normal size swinging for the last time.
We got to the cabin after Joel and Jen had been there for quite a while. Joel is not very good at not giving himself away, he looked like the cat that ate the canary. Jen was looking a lot sexier than when she arrived at the cabin. I could hear one of the boys teasing her about how clear her complexion was when they thought they were out of our earshot. I think Joel could detect something had gone on with me a Moe, things like that are hard to hide from someone you have been with so long.
He later saw me look up to see a little of the rope dangling from the basket swing that was hastily stowed back in the rafters, and knew he was busted. We did not say anything to each other right away, we waited until the young ones left. We were spending the night and closing up the cabin the next day.
I looked at him after they pulled away and said, "If it was a contest we were having, I won hands down, both sucking and fucking all three of my young ones more than once, separately and all at the same time has to trump whatever you could do with your one girl, not even anything you could come up with in the basket swing."
Needless to say, once they were gone we both had our old people naps, later the basket was down, and in use again out under the tree.
The trip as a whole was a real lift to the sexual part of our relationship that will get stale if you fail to open it up now and then.