To the reader:
This is a story about how I met my spouse. Parts are true. Parts are embellished truth. It's up to you to decide what is what. Enjoy.
A girl with long blond hair and a nice looking booty stood on the sidewalk staring Miles' direction. Miles was in the middle of the street mumbling the words to New Edition's "Can You Stand the Rain."
It was not raining, just drizzling a little. The blonde looked down the sidewalk, watching a few fellas trying to pick up them a little "sumthin' sumthin'" as the saying goes. But Teresa really had her eyes on Miles. She'd peeped him out in the club, watching him move while he was on the floor getting his groove on.
Teresa liked what she saw. She wasn't much of a dancer, but his effortless and carefree moves suggested that he loved to dance. Teresa was interested in learning more.
And she did.
"Hey, you better get out of the road before you get hit," she said, blurting the first thing that came to her mind.
"I'm all right. No worries about gettin' hit."
The street wasn't busy anyway. In fact, it was just a side road, an oversized alley behind a hotel.
"What are you suicidal or something?"
Miles thought the girl was trippin'. Then again, he thought she was probably horny, too. Just like one of the fellas wanting to say anything to keep the conversation flowing. It amused Miles. He would have done the same thing.
Miles approached Teresa and noticed she was wearing some silky pants, stylish in a powerful female executive way. The slacks were a little looser than most, and Miles liked the type. They flowed with the booty a little more. They didn't hug the booty, but they allow it its natural jiggle to, well - jiggle.
Miles had spied the booty from a distance and wanted peep it from up close. But walking to her and then circling around her like an inspector would've been ill.
Some commotion happened at the door to the club, and she turned around.
"Nice," Miles said, under his breath.
Good width he thought. The roundness was all right, too. He could see she had a flat stomach and smallish breasts. But, she did a good job outlining her chest with one of those sweaters that buttons very low. The open part of the sweater came up on either side and went over the tip of each of her breasts. The white sweater and pastel-colored t-shirt she had under it did good job of giving her an innocent look.
Miles, however, knew that was a front because that innocence faded as soon as she turned around. He was standing about a foot and a half from her, definitely within her personal space.
She smiled.
For a few odd seconds of silence, Miles looked in her eyes, and Teresa looked in his. They both though the same thing: lips on lips, hands groping here and caressing there, fingers poking and prodding, her on top, him from behind.
They seemingly read each other's minds and smiled and almost knowing smile.
"Why were you standing in the road?" Teresa asked.
"There were no cars coming," Miles said. "I was just wasting time waiting for my boy."
"Where is he?"
"Ahh, he's inside tryin' to find a girl to go home with. And probably strikin' out."
Teresa laughed.
"Why aren't you inside?" she said.
Miles started thinking, 'C'mon dawg. Be cool. This is a test. This is a test.' Those were the thoughts going through his head.
"Hey, I came out to dance because I love dancing," Miles said, smiling. "I'm not too worried about finding somebody to go home with."
"Oh, so you think you got it like that, huh?" Teresa said. "Like you're going to get somebody anyway?"
"Nah, it's not like that. It's not some ego thing. I just don't go out looking to get laid. Now, now, don't get me wrong. If it happens, hey. She's feelin' it and I'm feelin' it, we can do that happy wild thing."
Teresa gave Miles a smile that his dick stir.
They continued with a little small talk. He found out her name was Teresa. She thought his name, Miles, was different and interesting, especially for a black guy. She was a 22-year-old a psychology major at the local college. He was 19 and majoring in football. Business was his educational interest.
"Hey girl. What's up?" came words from this girl Miles noticed as a somebody he'd danced with earlier. Outside, in the streetlight, she didn't look too good. But Miles wasn't interested in her anyway.
"Hey, Alicia," Teresa said. "This is Miles. Miles, Alicia."
Alicia gave Miles a quick once over and started talking about wanting to get out of there because of some guy who was following her around. Miles laughed, thinking it was probably his buddy. Barry liked those skinny booty girls anyway.
Some tall scraggily looking guy came up to the three of them, and Teresa gave him keys to go get her car. Two minutes later, he came back with a sweet looking charcoal gray Honda Accord.
Miles' friend came out and wanted to leave.
"These girls are trippin'," Barry said. "Man let's jet."
Miles quickly introduced Barry to Teresa and Alicia.
"I can give you a ride home if you need it," Teresa told Miles, hoping he would accept the invite.
"Oh, you can give me a ride?" Miles said, ever smiling.
"I'd love to. It'd be no problem."
Miles turned to Barry and said things were cool. Barry looked on, dumbfounded. Miles didn't try but was leaving with two women, and Barry was leaving with none.
The irony wasn't lost on either of them.
Miles got in the co-passenger seat. Alicia got in the back, and the three left.
Barry stood there shaking his head.
Teresa drove ahead, turning left onto College Avenue. She said something about going out to one of her girlfriend's houses. Her girlfriend supposedly had a pool and a hot tub. The hot tub talk perked Miles up a bit.
He had old shorts on under his pants, always did, some football thing. But Miles wondered what Teresa was going to wear if we got in the water. Would she have to wear a t-shirt that would cling to her breasts, maybe some shorts that when she got out of the water would cling to the crack of her booty outlining it just right.
"I'm glad to get out of there," Alicia said, breaking Miles' thought process.
"Why?" Teresa said.
"This guy ... ah I don't know. I'm tired of all these muthafuckas trying to get some play."
"Well you know how the club scene is."
Miles chuckled, thinking about somebody actually wanting to get into Alicia pants. Based on looks alone, she wasn't doing it for him. Yeah, she was all right to dance with. But at one point while they were dancing, she had her butt on his pelvis and he felt her but bone.
Nothing was more disgusting. Miles likes booty, not fat woman, PHAT women, athletic women, thick women with some muscle definition. He didn't want a body builder, but he could tell Alicia never saw the inside of a gym. Teresa, on the other hand, definitely had.
"Why are you laughing?" Teresa asked.
"Well, she's talking like guys are the only ones in the club looking to get some play," Miles said. "There are just as many horny females as there are males in the clubs. They want some play just like the we do."
"You trying to say we all sluts?" Alicia said sounding perturbed.
"I was no where close to saying that. When you have sex, do you like it?"
"If it's good."
"There are probably some guys around town you've seen that intrigue you, aren't there? I mean guys who make you wonder about their bedroom skills, right?"
"Hell, she has a few of those," Teresa said, as both girls laughed aloud and gave high fives.
"That's what I mean," Miles said. "That guy or the other guy or the other guy, has probably been eying you for a while, and he finally decided to do something about it."
"Yeah but guys will go after anything," Alicia said. "They just want to get their dicks wet."
Miles thought, Alicia should feel lucky that some guys would go after anything.
"Not all guys," he said. "That's just a stereotype. Look, I didn't come out tonight trying to get laid. My boy wanted to go out. I haven't been out in a long time, so he dragged me to the Kappa club party. I wasn't doing shit, so I figured why not. It's funny, I wasn't trying to go home with anybody, and now I'm in the car with two women, it's passed two in the morning and we're going swimming and hot tubing."
"Oh, so you think you're going to get some tonight?" Alicia asked, sarcastically.
Miles paused for a moment, and looked straight at Teresa. He could tell she felt his stare because she went from looking at the road to glancing at his legs and back to the road.
"Yeah I might get some tonight. ... Some good, long, intense, satisfying ... conversation ..."
Both girls laughed and shook their heads.
"You are a trip," Teresa said.
"Like I told you before, if it happens, it happens," Miles said. "Teresa, if you're feelin' me and I'm feelin' you, I'm not going to do anything to stop either of us from feeling very happy."
"So Miles, are you 'feelin' it?" Alicia asks. "Are you 'feelin' like you want to feel very happy as you say."
"I think Teresa knows how I'm feelin' right now."
Miles leaned over to Teresa, about a half foot from her face and asked her, "Do you know how I'm feeling right now?"
"No secrets up there!" Alicia said before Teresa could answer.
Teresa smiled, downshifted and turned into an apartment complex in a part of Fayetteville that was foreign to Miles. The three drove around the place and she showed Miles a lake in the middle of the complex with a fountain shooting water about 50 feet in the air.
They continued driving around. Miles kept stealing glances at the way Teresa's hand gripped and moved the gearshift. He obviously thought about her handling his gearshift. Would she be as smooth as she is now? Or would she just take the dick and be rough with it, trying to use it like she owned it?
He smiled at the thought and let out a sigh.
"What's that cheesy grin for?" she asked.
Miles didn't know Teresa was looking his way. He had to think fast.
"Oh I was just laughing at the situation and what my boy must be thinking," he replied.
"So what are you going to tell him?"
"Only what he has to know."
"Yeah right."
"Look Teresa, if something happens between you and me, do you think I'd want to share that? Hell, my boys would be like, `Aww, man you got in `em guts, didn't you? She came up to you, too. Dawg, I'm getting in that shit that tonight. Wait until I see her.' Teresa if something happens, I'm not trying to share a damn thing."
"You lyin' your ass off," Alicia said. "You'd tell all your boys."
"If the three of us had a threesome, not that it's going to happen, but if Teresa stopped this car right now and we stripped, jumped naked into to the pool and I pinned Teresa against pool wall, kissing her neck, rubbing her ass, feeling all of her body as I slipped my dick inside ... and then did the same to you and back to Teresa and back to you ... would you tell you girlfriends?"
"Damn! You get kind of descriptive with shit don't you?"
"Well, would you?"
"Would I what?"
"Would you tell your girlfriends?"
"It depends on which ones."
"Thank you. I'm the same way. And the friends I'd tell live in Arizona, not here in Arkansas."
"OK...OK..." Teresa said. "Go back to that pinning me against the pool wall stuff.
Alicia and Miles both laughed.
"You'd like that shit wouldn't you," Alicia said to Teresa laughing. "You know you would. Hell, I was picturing that and thought like, 'Damn! That's some sexy ass shit."
Teresa couldn't help but to laugh and shake her head.
"No, no, no, it's not like that," Teresa said looking toward Miles. "What makes you think I'd let me pin you against the wall ... ah, I mean, ah, let YOU pin ME against the wall?"
"Freudian slip there, Teresa," Alicia said as we all a laughed.
"You know damn well what I meant to say," Teresa replied.
Miles watched Teresa's lips again as she talked. He thought about tasting them, seeing if they are as supple as they look. Of course, the thought of them going up and down his shaft was a much better thought. Teresa could've stopped the car and went down on him right then and he would've been the happiest guy in the world. He wouldn't have cared that Alicia was there.
Miles had a bit of an exhibitionist streak in him. He wasn't a total show off, but he liked the effect his body had on some women. But he was weird about it. Miles was a running back for the local college football team, and his body showed it. He was 6-feet tall, weighed 210 pounds and carried it with 8-percent body fat. And he always wore clothes that were too baggy, stuff that didn't fit, stuff that didn't match his body.
He wasn't hung like the proverbial horse, but, in a flaccid state, very few of his teammates were larger than him. He had measured it once in fifth grade when another little boy boasted he was going to have a 10-inch dick like his dad. Miles never asked his own father. But Miles put a ruler to his own 11-year-old dick: four and half inches.
Miles was disappointed at the time. But by the time Miles was sexually active, he was a lot bigger and the girls never complained. In, fact, Miles always liked the looked of surprise a girl got the first time she grabbed him.
So, Miles knew he was packing promise, and didn't mind showing it off every now and then. "Fuck Alicia," he thought.
Teresa and Miles would've been feeling good.
"So?" Teresa asked, bringing him back to reality and her question. "What are you thinking about over there?"
"Hey I'm easy, I'd let you pin me. I wouldn't mind. That way I'd be able to play with all your toys."
"Her toys?" Alicia asked.
"Feeling her booty while she's riding up and down. Kissing her lips, her neck, her cheeks. Licking and suckling on her nipples. Holding onto the narrow part of her waist, steering her pelvis while I'm buried inside her body. You know, her toys."
"Oh my goodness, you have a fucking imagination."
"Well you asked."
Teresa gripped the steering wheel while Miles talked. She knew he was looking at her the entire time. She didn't want to look his way. She didn't want him to know that could visualize the same thing. Soon she whispered a quiet "shit."
The three passed by another part of the apartment complex. Sarcastically, Teresa said the pool fun would have to wait. He friend's car wasn't there and the lights in her apartment were off.
It was 2:35 am. Alicia yawned, and said that they should just take her home.
"I don't have a pool," she said. "So you won't be pinning me or anybody tonight."
"That's fine," Miles said to nobody in general. Then he turned to Teresa. "Alicia, I wasn't trying to pin you anyway. I think Teresa was talking about pinning me. That's cool, too. Maybe next time."
Teresa pulled out of the complex and headed back toward the campus. Miles watched her shifting the gears again. Thoughts started flowing again. She caught him again.
"What?" she said, smiling.
"Nothing," he said. "Just thinking about feeling happy."
"You and this feeling happy. You try to feel happy a lot?"
"Nah, not all the time. Only when I have good reason and the right motivation."
"Oh Lord," Alicia laughed then mocked Miles. "'The right motivation ....' You are a fuckin' trip."
"Well, let me apologize for not being the overzealous type of brotha you're used to encountering."
"Teresa, would you listen to this, 'overzealous' how many muthafuckas say 'overzealous'? Muthafucka probably don't know what the shit means."
Alicia kept talking. With every breath she sounded more and more idiotic. Miles kept his attention on Teresa. She shook her head as Alicia yapped. It sounded like Alicia had a bit too much to drink. And after less than a mile, she was sleeping.
Yeah, too much to drink.
"She can be a little chatty," Teresa said. "Don't pay much attention to her."
"Trust me, I haven't."
"Uh huh. You're just a flirt, aren't you?"
"Me? A flirt? C'mon, now. I don't go out enough to flirt. I just like keeping interesting conversation, and if the woman ... or person ... happens to look as good as you, so be it. But it's just talk, no flirting."
Teresa laughed more and shook her head again. She said didn't know what to think about Miles. He liked it like that. Keep them guessing. That's what his pops always said. Show the interest, let them know that they are everything they think they are. But keep them guessing.
Teresa thought Miles was nice enough, engaging, even. His words, his pause for effect when he spoke and the way he phrased his sentences let her know he was more intelligent than he was letting on. But there was something different about Miles that she said she couldn't seem to put a finger on.
She asked him if he flattered all the girls in his own peculiar way. Miles told her only the girls who deserved it. Miles was having a great time. He hadn't left campus in several months. And the first time he does, he meets a girl whose first question was not, "Are you a football player?" It was a nice change. Miles wasn't one of the team's stars, but his status of being a football player for a Division I university afforded him a lot of life's pleasures – if he wanted them.
But Miles was a strange one. If a girl wanted to fuck him because of his body or because she connected with him in some mental way, it was cool. If she wanted him because he played football, he tossed them along to one of his teammates who were more than eager to get in the ass.
Miles and Teresa had a nice little flirt game going on, too. He wondered how far to take it. He didn't want to piss off the girl and have her pulling over, calling the cops at three in the morning.
He quickly thought about what she could pull over to do, though. He smiled, and blood began flowing to his dick as his imagination wondered.
They had been driving south on College, passed by a Food4Less, Wal-Mart and a Hastings video shopping center. It got very dark after a right hand turn took them onto a street by this German auto shop.
Miles wanted Teresa to stop right there. He didn't care that Alicia was in the back. Teresa slowly drove down the street, so slow, that Miles didn't think she wanted Alicia to get home. Maybe she was scared she wouldn't be able to handle her hormones after Alicia left the car. Miles laughed at the thought. A little ego on his part. But it was still funny.
"OK, you're quiet again," Teresa said. "What are you over there thinking about."
"Nada. Just looking around trying to get my bearings."
"Why?"
"In case you get tired of a brotha. I'll know how to get back home."
"Oh, I don't know if I'll get tired of you."
"Yeah, I know. We haven't done anything to get tired."
"OOOO, OK Now. No we haven't, have we?"
"It's a trip, isn't it? Instead of taking her home, we could be somewhere getting tired."
"Like where."
"Maybe a park."
"A park? Why there."
"They all have swings, monkey bars, merry-go-rounds, you know, things we could use to help us get tired."
"Monkey bars? You're a bit adventurous, aren't you?"
"Adventurous?"
"Yes. Adventurous."
"Oh. Oh. Oh. I get now. You thought I was talking about sex, the happy wild thing."
"Don't even try it. I know that you know that I knew what you were talking about."
"Hey, I was talking about doing pull ups on the monkey bars, working our legs and lats on the swing ..."
"And the merry-go-round?"
"Well, I figured you could chase me around it, and once you caught me I'd have to chase you. I'll tell you, it works wonders on the lateral quickness."
"Well, what happens when you catch me?"
"When I catch you then ..."
"Yeah, Miles," Alicia said, sounding groggy. "What happens when you catch little missy? Huh? Huh? Is that when you want to introduce her you little Miles? Is that when you want to, ahh how'd you say it ... Feel her booty while she's riding up and down. You want to kiss her lips, her neck, her cheeks. I think you said you wanted to lick and suckle on her nipples. Oh yeah and then, hold onto the narrow part of her waist, steering her pelvis while you're buried inside her body. Is that what you want to do when you catch my friend?"
Neither Teresa nor Miles knew Alicia was awake. She just laughed at both of them as she gathered her self, getting ready to go. Alicia sat up, sticking her head between the front seats. She first looked at Miles, then at Teresa.
"Well?" she asked. "Is that what you're going to do when you catch her?"
Miles didn't look at Alicia. Instead, he looked a Teresa the entire time.
"Now who has the vivid imagination?" he said. "How long have you been eavesdropping?"
"Don't try to change the subject. I asked a question. Is that what you want to do to my little girlfriend here? Do you want to do all those sweet little nasty things and make her feel, as you say, happy?"
Teresa parked her car in front of Alicia's apartment and pulled up the parking break. Alicia was almost leaning over the seat. She grabbed Teresa's hand, kissed it, and mumbled something about she better have a damn good time.
Teresa said she would probably just take him to his dorm and call it a night. She said she still had to drive back home, to some place called Rogers.
Alicia, as drunk as ever, kissed Teresa's hand again, then yanked Teresa's hand as well as lurching Teresa's body so that Teresa's hand sat right on his crotch.
After the initial surprise, his dick began to stir again. Miles didn't reach to move Teresa's hand. But she tried to move it back. Alicia, wasn't having that. She put her other hand on Teresa's wrist and kept it there. Alicia moved one of her hands on top of Teresa's and squeezed.
Miles' dick was getting hard, and Teresa felt it.
Alicia raised up, a bit. She took her hand off Teresa's hand and the other off Teresa's wrist. But Teresa's hand stayed there. Her fingers instinctively wrapping around Miles' bulging dick.
He was fully hard by then. Miles wanted to unzip his pants so Teresa could feel his flesh and he could feel her flesh on him. He didn't give a shit if Alicia was still there.
"See there," Alicia said, breaking the few seconds of silence and causing Teresa to take away her hand. "He does want to do those things to you girl. Look at him. He's a little, … not little, but he's excited. And from up here he looks like he could make you very happy."
Teresa didn't look at Miles. She was embarrassed that she let Alicia do that. She was more embarrassed that she so brazenly left her hand on his dick and actually grabbed it.
She knew Alicia was right. She knew what Miles wanted to do to her. She knew that he wanted to feel her up, from the inside. Even more, Teresa knew she wanted Miles to do it. It scared her a bit. She'd only known him a little more than an hour before and she was ready to fuck him. That wasn't like her. She wasn't a prude. She had her share of sexual experiences, but damn; she couldn't be that easy. She didn't know anything about him except what she had felt in her hands. And that much, she definitely liked.
"Miles, you still haven't answered my question," Alicia said, smiling. "You want to get happy with Teresa or what."
"What ever makes Teresa happy, Alicia," Miles said. "If it makes her happy, I'd be more than willing to do it ... at some point."
"At some point? What the hell does that frigid ass shit mean? At some point? Look at Teresa. Look at her. Can't you tell the woman is flustered and is getting horny? Can't you read those signals? Damn, boy, if you want some booty, you'd better get with the program."
Both Teresa and Miles were getting tired of hearing Alicia. It was time to get her out of the car. Miles leaned over to Teresa, whispered to her to follow his lead. Then he gave her a soft peck on the cheek that sent goose bumps over her body.
The reaction was not lost on Miles.
"Teresa, would you like it if I did those things to you," he asked.
"Yeah, I probably would ... at some point," Teresa smiled.
"At some point. Hmmmmmmmm. You know, I'd like to get to that point sooner. But, I can't seem to do it when there is so much interruption. You know, people yapping about this and yapping about that. Constantly yap, yap, yap. Don't you just hate a yapping person?"
"I know what you mean. Every time I think you're about to leave that teasing ... er ... ahh I mean, flirting phase and get into something more serious, there comes the yapping again."
"Oh. Fuck both of y'all," Alicia said. "I can take a fuckin' hint. Fuck you Miles! Fuck you Teresa! Both of y'all Fuck you!"
Alicia grabbed her stuff and opened the door. Before leaving she glared at Miles.
"You fuckin' better take good care of her," Alicia said, then leaned over to Teresa and before giving her a wink whispered, "Make sure he takes damn good care of you. Shit girl, I knew I should've kept dancing with him."
Just as Alicia turned to walk into the house, a car pulled up. Out jumped one of Miles' teammates. He grabbed Alicia's arm and began to drag her into the apartment.
Miles didn't like the way that scene looked, and he unbuckled his seat belt and started to go after them.
"Wait!" Teresa yelled as she grabbed his inner thigh trying to sit him down. "This shit happens all the fucking time. He's a jealous asshole and she's stupid for being with him. It's all fucked up. You'd only make things worse if you went in there. Just sit down please."
Miles looked down at Teresa's hand. It was inches away from his dick and even in his temporary state of anger, his dick started to stir again. Then Miles heard a man's screaming voice followed by Alicia's louder screaming voice. She was apparently giving as much as she was taking.
Miles opened the car door. He wanted to go in there, tell them both to stop and shut up. It would have made him more comfortable to know that Alicia was cool.
Then the apartment door opened. Miles quickly sat down, not missing the fact that Teresa's hand was still on his inner thigh. Alicia walked up to the car.
"Hey, I'll be all right," she said, then looked at Miles' crotch and giggled. "I see young, wasn't too worried about me any way."
Miles looked down, too. Then up into Teresa's eyes. Her hands didn't move, but his dick did. It had reached down until the tip was flush against her thumb.
Teresa slightly moved her thumb, slowly across the head of his dick. Miles smiled, leaned closer and whispered in her ear.
"You ready to go?"
Teresa took deep breath, sighed and said, "No."
"No?"
"It's crazy, but I want to see where this goes. I only met you two hours ago. I know that. But I'm starting to feel happy. I'm starting to feel happier than I've felt in a while."
"How about this, if we go, if we leave Alicia standing here with her 'stanky' alcohol breath and her cheesy grin, I'll make you feel like the happiest woman on Earth."
"How are you going to do that? And before you answer, I want details. I'm not putting the key in this ignition until I know how I'm going to be the happiest woman on the planet."
Miles put his left hand on top of Teresa's hand and turned his hips so he could reach her hair with his right hand. The turning also shielded his crotch from Alicia's view. With his hand on top of Teresa's, they reached up, grabbed the zipper, pulled it down. Out sprang his dick. But Teresa wouldn't look down. She maintained eye contact.
"I want to grab it," Teresa said me. "Can I grab it?"
"Yes ... but not here."
"Fuck you."
Miles moved his hand off hers, grabbed his dick and made sure the hardness of the shaft touched the backside of her hand, up to her knuckles and on to her fingers. She tried to turn over her hand so she could grasp his dick. But, I pulled it away.
"Fuck it," she said. "Lets go. Bye Alicia."
"See ya girl," Alicia said laughing. "Be happy."
Teresa pulled out of the parking lot. As she drove toward campus, Miles tilted the seat back and began to stuff his dick back into his pants.
"Don't put it away," Teresa said. "I still want you to tell me what I get."
She then reach over, acting like she was going for the gearshift and grabbed his dick instead.
In the faint light cast by the car's instrument panel, Miles saw Teresa's eyes grow wide. Her chest took in a deep breath, too. Miles gained satisfaction from reveling in hers.
"Well?" she asked after a few miles of silence with her just holding his dick. "What do I get?"
"Take a left at this next stop sign," he told her. "Yeah, right here. Now go up two blocks and hang a right."
"What's there?"
"Monkey bars, swings and ... a merry-go-round that I'd like to chase you around.
Teresa smiled and sped up a bit.
She made it to the park, got out of the car and walked over to the swings. A street light a few hundred feet away and a half moon were the only light. But they didn't need to see well anyway. Miles sat on a swing. Teresa straddled him, both of them holding onto the chains of the swing. Both of them conscious of his hard dick sticking up between them.
"Make me happy," Teresa said as she took her face down to his.
"No worries," he said.
Finally, the lips Miles been wondering about the past two and half hours, were on his lips. He broke the kiss with a smile.
"What?" she asked.
"What is today's date?"
"April 26th, I think."
"But it's passed midnight. So that makes it April 27, 1990."
"26th 27th what does it matter?"
"Something just tells me I'm going to remember this day for a long time."
"Then remember it by doing what you said you'd do."
"Which was?"
"Fucking, make me happy."
"Like I said, no worries."
Miles told Teresa to tightly grab the chains. He let go. With his hands free to roam, he did. He played with her toys, rubbed her waist, taking his hands around the small of her back and up to her neck. He began to massage her neck and shoulders. Teresa leaned her head back. Miles took advantage and lightly kissed her neck.
She sighed.
Yeah, April 27th was starting out pretty damn well.
Miles continued massaging Teresa's neck, pressing his fingers firmly and slowly rotating them in small circles. The soft mewls and moans Teresa made affected all Miles' senses. She was enjoying him as much as he was her. His hands came around to the front of her neck and lightly traveled up to her face.
They passed over her lips and cheeks as if he were a blind man "looking" at her for the first time. Teresa's head tilted up and she looked at Miles, leaned down for a kiss, but Miles had other ideas. He firmly but softly pulled her hair, tilting her head back and attached his lips to her neck.
He kissed and sucked here.
He kissed and sucked there.
Kiss here.
Suck there.
Miles was loving this. Teresa's hips were rotating. She was trying to move her crotch forward, closer to his dick. Teresa wanted some contact. So did Miles. But he wanted to prolong the sweet torment.
His hands left her hair and went to her butt. He kneaded it, trying to feel all of it at once. He wanted to sink his fingers into it and just squeeze. They kissed again, this time with more fervor. Their lips mashed together. Their tongues did a tango in their mouths.
Teresa's ass was in his hands. Her lips were on his, their tongues dueling, exploring each other as if the touch of tongues was life giving. His dick didn't know what to do. It had never been so rigid.
"It's your turn," Teresa told Miles.
"My turn for what?" he said.
"To grab the chains. Because I want to play with your toys."
"Teresa, I think playing with your toys is so much more fun. Your toys are softer, more squeezable. There are more of them, and I haven't even explored them all."
As Miles was running his mouth, Teresa smiled and looked at him with half closed, almost glazed-over eyes. Her breathing was slow but deep. Miles continued talking.
"Look at this," he said, grabbing her butt. "I know you feel your own ass whenever you're alone, don't you? I would if I had your body; I'd feel myself up all the time. These thighs and hips are no different, nice and thick. They're the kind of thighs that look like they can take a pounding. They're baby-making thighs. I could slide my dick inside you and feel your thighs, your ass and your hips and would be happy."
"Oh, so you could?"
"Yeah, I could. But I wouldn't stop there. I'd make sure you were on top of me so I could watch your stomach and your waist as your hips grind, slow then fast. My dick inside you, straining, wanting to give you everything it has. You'd feel its twitches, knowing your pussy was the cause of my pleasure."
Miles tilted up and kissed Teresa again. This time softer, almost lovingly. His hands left her thighs, traveled to her crotch and up over her stomach and to her breasts. Still kissing him, Teresa took a deep breath and arched her back. Her nipples got hard under his touch. Miles played with them as she broke the kiss.
"This is unfair," she said.
"What is?"
"I want to let go of these chains so I can play. I want to touch you like you've been touching me. I want to put my hands on your ass and squeeze it. I want to feel you thighs, your hips, your stomach. I want to see if they are powerful enough to give me the intense attention I deserve. I want to wrap my fingers around your cock again. I want to explore it and look at it. I want to know if it looks as good as it feels in my hand. I want it inside me – at some point. I want to feel the weight of your body on top of mine – at some point. I want to feel your dick inside my pussy, your dick making my pussy happy, your dick making me happy – at some point. That's what I want, that's why this is unfair."
And Teresa let go of the chains. Thinking fast, Miles grabbed the chains and leaned back so they wouldn't fall. Miles slowly slid off the seat of the swing so the two were standing. Teresa had her legs tightly wrapped around his back, supporting her 5-feet, 6-inch frame.
"Sorry," she said, with a slight smirk, probably realizing Miles' face went from lustful to frighteningly anxiousness. Miles walked them to a nearby picnic table where he sat with her still straddling him.
Then she played. She ran her hands over his back, his shoulders, his arms and chest then down to his stomach. Reaching his stomach, her eyes looked into his and grew wider. She touched his chest again, almost like she was inspecting it, not enjoying it, but actually poking him. She did the same to his stomach.
"What's wrong?" he asked her.
"Could you take off your shirt?"
"Take of my shirt?"
"Yeah, I want to see your body."
Miles stood and turn the two around so that Teresa was sitting on the table and he began unbutton his shirt. Teresa sat almost anxiously, her legs still spread around Miles' thighs and butt. Her hand went straight to his dick and she slowly stroked it as she reached with her other hand, trying to open his shirt. Miles saw her looking down. She was straining to see what is in her hand. But he knew it was too dark.
Lifting Teresa again, Miles took her to another concrete table. This one had a different angle, one they could both see each other better because the streetlight was closer and was blocked by fewer trees. Her hands were still wrapped around his dick.
Finally she could see and tilted her head down to look. But he stopped her, holding her head in his hands and kissed her again.
Teresa's grip tightened.
Miles' dick got harder.
She squeezed even more.
His dick responded.
"Take it off," Teresa said referring to his long-sleeve shirt.
Miles finished the button and took off the shirt. He then took off the thin t-shirt beneath and sat that beside her, too. Miles put his hands back on her thighs. But Teresa she pushed him back, bringing her gaze up his torso. Her eyes went from his waist to his biceps to his chest to his abs, back to his chest and to his forearms.
"My God," she whispered. "I didn't think ..."
Her voice drifted off as a she began to rub his body, trying to touch him everywhere. This time she was more intent. The probing was gone. She seemed to want her hands in one place but every place at one time.
It was much like Miles wanting to feel her body. He wanted to concentrate on one spot and simultaneously be all over her.
"Oh my God," she said again then looked at him. "You're fucking gorgeous. I thought you were, well, I, I thought you were a little pudgy. I mean, I knew you were big and had buffed muscles. But my God. Why do you wear such baggy clothes? Why do you cover up all this? You're fucking beautiful."
Teresa couldn't stop staring. He had told her that he was an athlete. She figured he wasn't a very good one because he was overweight. Or at least he looked overweight he a pants three sizes too big and a shirt equally as large.
Teresa shook her head back and forth. She looked up at the moon, then toward the street light and finally at the houses in a distance.
He eyes came back to Miles. And she close them while caressing his chest and his abs. Miles knew something was wrong. He didn't feel right.
"What's up," he said. "What's going on? Hey, I'll put my shirt back on."
Miles reached for his t-shirt and Teresa stopped him.
"No, don't do that," she said. "I want to see you. I told you, you're beautiful. Your body is beautiful. I want to look at. I'm just mad at me now."
"What are you mad about?"
"I thought I had resolve. After dropping off Alicia, I knew I wanted to make out with you. I wanted to kiss you and feel you. I wasn't going to fuck you. Not tonight, anyway, but at some point, as you said. But the swing was so sexy. You were into me, digging my body, playing flirting games with my head. They just made you more desirable. I knew I could take it a little further, maybe even give you a hand job or something. I'm not a prude, not a virgin, but even that would have been way out of character for me."
"So what did I do wrong, or if I'm hearing your correctly, what did I do right?"
"You took off your shirt. And Miles, the resolve I thought I had is gone. It's history. I'm sitting her on a bench in a park in the middle of Fayetteville. There are houses within a hundred yards of us, and I don't care. My panties are wet, and I so fucking want to fuck you right now. I don't even care if you believed me when I said going this far this soon is out of character for me. I don't care what you think about me tomorrow. I don't care if you even call me or talk to me again. But for until the sun rises or the cops come or somebody else rushes us away from her, I want you to fuck me. My God, Miles you're going fuck me now. I just met you. I know that. I'm sorry for acting this way. But you're going to fuck me no. No. I'm not sorry. I don't care that I just met you. I want you to fuck me. I want to fuck you. I can see and feel you want me just as much."
"And how do you know that?"
"Your lips don't lie. Your tongue doesn't lie. Your hands want to explore my cracks and crevices more than they already have. Your dick is hard, so very hard. It desperately wants to be inside me. I can feel the pre-cum coming out. Your dick is telling the truth. It's telling me you want me. But most of all, your eyes and you voice. They're telling me you want me to fuck you as much as I want you to fuck you. They're telling me that you are passed the point of no return. They're telling me that you would do anything to me right now. They're telling me that you will fuck me and love every second of my pussy wrapped around your dick as your ass muscles pound it in and out of me, making me happy."
"I love it when you talk like that."
"Put your dick inside me, and you'll hear a lot more."
Miles kissed Teresa again. She was right. He did want to fuck her more than anything. There was something cool about her, something that made him comfortable. She thought he was overweight, yet she still wanted to mess around some. She enjoyed his company, his flirtations. She was digging him as much as he was her. He thought about that as he lifted her and put his t-shirt under her ass.
He put his hands at the waistline of her pants and began to pull down. Miles was going too slow for Teresa. She stopped the kiss and began the sexy squirm that women do so well. Off came her pants and her panties. Her pussy was gleaming. Its visible wetness told Miles all he needed to know.
He held his dick and scooted Teresa to the edge of the table lining up her pussy. Miles looked into her eyes and told her to look into his. He rubbed the head of his dick up and down her pussy.
"Please," Teresa said.
"Please what?" He asked.
"Make us happy."
For a fleeting moment, Miles thought about protection. He had no condoms with him. Teresa noticed something was wrong.
"We, we can't do this," Miles whispered, while looking down at the junction of his dick and her pussy. "I don't have any protection. I wasn't pla…"
"Miles. Miles. Look at me. No. Look up here. Look at me. Ok. I feel you. My God do I feel you. We should have protection. I'm on the pill, have been for two years now."
As Teresa talked she grabbed the head of Miles' dick and rubbed it over her pussy, finding her entrance.
"I know it's crazy, these days not to have it," she said, as she rocked her pelvis forward, allowing half the head of his dick to enter. "But sometimes Miles, you just know something, you feel something about a person. It's innate, like a woman's intuition."
The feeling of her pussy starting to wrap around his dick head was amazing. But Miles tried to think of a thousand different things
Maybe Teresa was one of those girls with a "black guy" fantasy. Maybe this was the ploy she used for all the guys. Maybe she was some common slut who knew he did play football and just wanted to get her another notch in her belt.
"Whatever you're thinking, stop," she said as she grabbed his ass and began to pull him to her. "Whatever you're thinking I'm, it's not right. Miles all I want to do for the next couple of hours is be yours. And I want you to be mine. I'm sorry. I don't have protection either. It's not like I carry those things with me. I got on the pill because of a past relationship. But Miles, let's talk about that tomorrow, please. "
Miles felt the tightness of her pussy and realized that her hands were no longer on his ass. She was no longer pulling him in. He was pushing on his own. Miles closed his eyes. She asked him to open them.
They maintained eye contact as he pushed. He scooted her ass closer the edge of the table, she leaned back. Miles wanted to get all of his dick inside. Teresa closed her eyes a couple of times, once wincing in momentary pain.
Teresa felt Miles' pubic hair against her mound and leaned forward to kiss him.
"Oh God," she said, breaking the kiss as Miles started to rear back. "Keep it there. Right there. Please don't take this out of me anytime soon. Oh God, help me."
"God may be getting ready to strike us down right now," Miles said. "But I don't care. I think I've found a little piece of heaven anyway."
Miles started small strokes.
"Oh, you feel so good," she said. "Ok. Ok. Ok. Here's the deal. Ah, right there. Right there. Gooooood. I promise I'll make you happy. Ah. Ah. Ah. I promise you. As long as you make me happy. Oh shit, a little harder. Oh shit. Can we do that? Can we make that promise? Ohhhhh damn. God, help me. Promise me. Please. Ohh, yesssss. Just like that slow and deep. Oh shit. Promise me. At least until the sun comes up. Ahh, damn. Ohh. Please promise me."
He did.
THE END
The sun has been coming up on Teresa and Miles for 15 years now. The two were married six years later and have two beautiful kids a 5-year-old and a 2-year-old. Once a year, they make a trek back to that park in Fayetteville to relive the start of their happiness.