Author's note: This started life as an exhibitionist story and although there are overtones as such, it's really more suited for a different category. Further chapters may expound on this. First time stories of romance tend to be what I write, whether I set out to or not.
Also, I love comments, please give me some.
Thanks!
-JPA
Laura
I was reading under a cabana on the beach at an all-inclusive Jamaican couples' resort. I wasn't part of a couple, at least not anymore, and had not been since two days before, the day before my boyfriend, who should have been my fiancé, and I, were supposed to fly down. I dumped him and cancelled his flight. I had booked the vacation for us, rearranging my schedule to coincide with his, and since we had been together two years, since our junior year of college, I expected that he might propose before the week was out. He should have been my husband. I had never seriously dated anyone else, and only he had touched me, seen my body, or shared the joy of our bed with me. All of that was no more.
Mike, my now ex, travelled a lot as a capital investment counselor, seeking out new business opportunities for the investment fund he worked for. He was apparently good at it. We had studied accounting together, but only I sat for the CPA. Financially, we were in perfect shape for our age. I was ready to put down on a house, marry Mike, and start a family.
I had booked the vacation through a friend, Karen, who also travelled a bunch in her line of work. That's one of the perks of being a travel agent. It was, I thought, coincidental that her and Mike ended up in Vegas together; she said she didn't recognize him at first, but how could she when he had some cheap whore on his lap in the spa? That sort of thing can block your view. She took both stills and video with her cell, he never noticed. Well, he noticed when she sent them, apologetically, to me and I confronted him.
He didn't even try to deny it. He only asked that I forgive him, but I knew I would never get over it, at least not for a long time. I had given him all I could, and waited until we were committed, I thought, before doing that. He had me; heart, soul and body, and threw me away like I was trash.
I couldn't even look at him.
The only good thing Karen had told me was that she had put us down for trip insurance so cancelling his part of the trip got me most of that money back. That wasn't even a small consolation. I didn't care about the money.
I have, I'm told, a great body, and I think I had a decent look. Years of running had given me the body, and years of wearing braces and retainers had given me the smile. A few hours a month at the salon took care of hair and I eventually found a make-up regimen that suited me. Several years of orthodontics and many thousands of my parent's dollars had given me both a great smile and much needed confidence boost once the braces that had robbed me of teenage happiness were finally off. Still my youth had left me very introverted and self conscious.
The last of my look I got when I finally committed to sleeping with Mike. I started birth control first so we wouldn't conceive until after we were wed, and my breasts grew to a nice C. They were very sensitive as a result, but neither Mike nor I complained about that. My problem skin finally cleared up as an added benefit as well.
Because in school I ranged from an ugly duckling at worst, or average to plain if my fellow teens were feeling generous, I had always been fairly reserved in my dress. Frumpy outfits and one-piece swimwear were the norm. Not this week.
Before the breakup, I had bought a new wardrobe just for this trip. I wanted every day to be enticing to my love, and every evening passionate and filled with joy. I didn't have time to get or pack another wardrobe after I dumped him, but figured I could make it work. No one I knew would see me anyway.
That is how I ended up under a cabana at the resort's private beach, wearing a tiny two-piece and covered in a wrap of sorts. I knew from their advertisements that women, at least the ones in my early twenties age group, wore thong bikinis at the beach and to keep Mike's eyes from wandering off me I had brought three of this style as well as a couple more conventional bikinis.
I would never wear anything anywhere near that slutty and revealing at home in Ohio, and I felt quite uncomfortable and awkward wearing it here, despite what the glossy photos in the ads showed. I wore thongs under my cloths at home as I hated panty lines, but never where anyone might see them. That whole "whale tail" thing slutty girls did? Not me, my underwear stayed under everything else. Even Mike had never seen me in something so risqué. The bikini top was tiny as well. Bright red, like the bottom, my breasts were about to fall free from it no matter how I adjusted. If I placed it where I thought it should be keep to the girls in place, they were exposed beneath, and if I covered the underside, my areolas were readily exposed at the least movement. What looked great in the dressing room had developed some practicality problems in real life. I only wore it that first day because when I woke up I was so pissed at my ex I decided to show some skin, I guess in my mind to make him jealous of something he would never see. It wasn't a well thought out plan.
I solved the exposure problem by wearing a light sun dress over it, and developed a plan to loosen it up so I could get some sun without over exposure and personal scandal and humiliation. I was humiliated enough just by being there alone. That no one I knew would be there was no protection from my inhibitions when it came time to actually be seen.
I had arrived the night before, went straight to my room, which had a beautiful and wasted view, and went straight to bed to cry. This morning, after dealing with the issue of how to remain modest with the swimwear I had brought, a light breakfast in the resort restaurant, and then I was tucked in under a cabana with a book and an oversized bag with what I thought I might need.
The beach was beautiful and practically empty. Only one nearby cabana had anyone under it, a muscle bound guy waiting for his wife or girlfriend. There were a few local kids kicking a soccer ball around, and the usual folks strolling by. I unbuttoned the sun dress I was using as a wrap from the bottom up to just an inch or two below my bikini bottom, the opened it so my legs could get some sun. They were as white as the sand after a long winter in the Midwest. From the top I undid three buttons and opened so my chest and neck could catch some rays too, but I didn't open it enough to show too much cleavage or anything like that. I guess the break up had driven me further into modesty as I had no one to show off for.
I relaxed into the padded and oversized beach chair, that was side by side with the one Mike was supposed to be in, opened my book and was only disturbed every half hour or so by a hotel employee checking on my drink. I ordered a Bloody Mary, and followed up with a Mimosa. I really wasn't a drinker so after that I switched to tea, but I had just enough alcohol in me to feel nicely buzzed. I didn't really read, I just stared at a book feeling sorry for myself and wondering why I wasn't enough for Mike; was I ugly? Too conservative in bed? Not fun enough? I didn't know, but I knew whatever caused him to stray was ultimately a shortcoming of mine, I just knew it.
About eleven, I was first disturbed by the world. The guy under the nearby beach shanty was still alone and he came over to greet me. He was ripped with muscle and it was clear he was a guy that spent time at the gym. He had muscular arms, legs, pecs, shoulders, and a nice six pack of firm abs. He was a little taller than me, with dark hair that hung over his ears and parted rakishly to one side. He was also almost as pale as me, but I couldn't help watching as he approached, but all the while I was thinking 'Whatever your selling, I'm not buying. Go away.'
Still, he was great eye candy. A decade or so older than me, but yes, I admit, he was a cutie.
"Excuse me, are you Laura?"
'Okay, you're some sort of stalker creep even if you are hot. Still not interested. Go away.' I thought as I gave him what must have been a curious stare while debating whether to scream or run.
"I'm sorry, I'm David, I think we have some things in common."
"I don't think so," I replied as I returned to my book.
"We have the same travel agent, and we share exes. Seems your Mike has been doing it with my Lisa for a while. I'm sorry. I know you hurt. I hurt too. I just wanted to introduce myself in case I could do anything," he spoke, his voice filled with sadness.
"Uh, how do you know that?"
"Karen sent me the same pictures you got. It seems they wanted to book this week so they could be together on the sly all week. Karen, well, I've known her all her life. She thinks they are shit and I guess got sick of looking the other way. Sorry to bother you." He began to walk away, but I stopped him.
"Wait, uh, David was it? Uh... I'm sorry if I was rude. The wound is still open, ya know? And I was surprised that anyone would know my name here. Wanna have a seat?"
"Sure, but I..."
"Don't want to talk about our exes?"
"Right. You got it," he forced a smile.
"That works for me," I grinned back at him.
"Can I ask you something about Karen though?" I said as I saw a big glaring hole in his story.
"Sure, what's that?" David answered.
"Well see, I've know her since middle school. She is one of my few friends from then. If you've known her all her life, how is it we never met?" I asked as I stared him down.
He grinned, and then replied, "I really have known her all her life, we're cousins. Until a couple years ago I lived in California."
"Oh. Oooooohhhhh! You're Hot Cousin David? She used to talk about her good looking cousin and... I've said too much," I said, nearly laughing. Karen used to talk about her cousin when we were in high school and how attractive he was, but it was like a guy's girlfriend from Canada, we never really believed her. Well, she was right about him being hot. I guess I owed her an apology.
"She calls me 'Hot Cousin David'?"
"Oh, no, we did, her friends I mean. She just called you her cousin David, and talked about how good looking you were. Truthfully, none of us thought you really existed. Please, have a seat Hot Cousin David," I laughed, for the first time in days.
"Thanks pretty friend Laura," he laughed as he took the other lounger.
"Is that what she calls..."
"No, I just made that up, but it suits you. She just calls you Laura," David replied with a grin.
David was a nice guy, a little old for me but not terribly so. Our age difference was in the socially acceptable range I guess, if I was looking for a guy, and I wasn't. I mean, I could, I understood that I could look and find another partner, but the wound was fresh and I just wasn't interested.
We talked for the better part of an hour, not once mentioning our mutually associated breakups, and he was quite nice to talk to. He was articulate and interesting, at first telling me about his life in Cali, then gossiping gently about Karen. We both told funny Karen stories and I found myself more at ease with 'Hot Cousin David.'
He really was hot too. It was a few minutes before noon and we were conversing like old friends when I realized I was inadvertently checking him out. His only flaw, if you could call it that, was that he was a little pale, although he was still tanner than I. He had a sort of rugged good looks, with a five o'clock shadow, chiseled facial features and of course all the muscle I mentioned before.
If I had met him 3 years ago my lady parts would have been warm and moist after spending this much time with him. His attire didn't help. He was shirtless and wearing board shorts that came to his knees, but as he sat on the beach chair adjoining mine they rode up to reveal thighs that looked as though they had banded steel cables under his skin. As flesh went, his was well maintained and very nice.
Once I was comfortable with David, the effects of the alcohol returned a bit and I wasn't so focused on my modesty. Consciously I was, but sub consciously my mind was ready to be a bit more revealing I guess, or at least distracted and not paying close attention to my wardrobe. David had just finished a funny story about Karen on vacation with his family, when I realized I was checking him out, I caught myself and looked to his eyes to see if he had noticed to my eternal shame.
Instead I saw his eyes practically burning a hole in the scrap of swimwear between my legs, and realized that somewhere in our conversation I had bent my knees to be comfortable, and without realizing it the sundress had fallen open to my hips. David had a full and open view of my bikini covered girl bits, and since it was a thong, a display of the half of my ass that was closest to him as well.
He was staring openly, and I couldn't tell if he was looking at the flesh of my butt, or mentally undressing my junk. Men are such pigs. Of course, I had been checking him out too, so I really couldn't complain, but at least I wasn't daydreaming about the lump in the front of his shorts.
Crap. I had noticed there was a lump in the front of his shorts. I'm a pig too.
As I had come on this vacation with the intent of showing this swimwear and those body parts to my, hopefully, fiancé, and otherwise had no plan to share the view intentionally with anyone else, I was incredibly embarrassed and my face was probably a million shades of red. I slowly straightened my legs, lowered my knees and pulled the dress closed again, this time fastening a couple of buttons to prevent that sort of exposure again, and tried to act as though I had not noticed his leer.
"David, it has been really nice chatting with you, but I think I'm going to go to my room, wash the sand off, and take a nap." I said, trying to get away with whatever of my dignity was left.
"Oh, I was hoping to grab lunch at the grill, you sure you don't want to grab a bite before you go?"
I glanced at the time, quickly rationalized that having someone to talk to at lunch was better than being alone even if he was a pig that stared at my bikini clad girly bits while I reciprocated by eyeing his body, and agreed. This was probably the last chance I had to not have the remaining events occur, so I was later glad I had chosen to have company.
Lunch was at the beachfront grille that the resort operated. Open air and decorated in a tropical vibe the meal was decent although nothing special. I had a jerk sandwich and some fruit salad, while David had a salad, also laden with fruit. When we arrived I went to the restroom, mainly to again adjust my stupid bikini top under my dress, and when I returned, I found a gigantic glass of wine that David had ordered for me.
Okay bud, I remember this game from college, you buy big ass drinks and I sip them to avoid the effects. It didn't seem like he was trying to get me drunk, remarking that he noticed what I had before so ordered on the assumption I would want alcohol and apologized for what he thought was a miscue.
"It's okay, yeah I was drinking before but," I said as I took a sip, "Mmmm, this good, its just I don't want to spend the week drunk and depressed."
'Here's to that!" he said as he raised his glass and we clinked them together. "What are your plans for the day?"
"I think after lunch I'll take a nap. On my original schedule it was 'long romantic walk on the beach and get proposed to' day," I said, then gasped, both at how bitter I must have sounded as well as my speaking with apparently no filter thanks to the drinks of the morning and lunch. I blushed in embarrassment as my tears began to swell.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to... you know. Look, you're going to bounce back; any guy should count himself lucky to be worth your time. Your ex is a moron, trust me, I know the bitch he's stuck with better than anyone. I know it hurts, I hurt, but it is going to be okay." David said.
"I'm sorry, I don't know where that came from, well, I know where it came from but, well, I shouldn't burden you, you have enough to deal with," I was finally able to say once I came back from anguish.
"Its okay, my plans for the week are shot too. Look, I can't guarantee romantic and I'm not ready to propose, but that walk sounds nice. Maybe when it cools down this evening?"
I thought about it for second. Was he hitting on me? I didn't think so; I think he just didn't want to be alone anymore than I did really. I mean, I thought I wanted to be alone, but that was when the pain of being rejected was at its worst. Besides we were a decade apart age wise and he, well he was clearly out of my league. Karen did in fact have a "Hot Cousin David."
"Okay," I finally replied, "That would be nice, I don't really want to," I stopped myself before I admitted I didn't want to be alone and my words hung in the air.
"You didn't want to go for a walk?"
"No, I did, I do, I..." How could I save this? "I don't want to walk alone. There might be some creepy people out there," I smiled, proud of my save.
"I think it is pretty safe around here, there might be some odd people though, as I understand it there are clothing optional beaches in either direction," He snickered.
"Really? Is that why you wanted to go walking? To see a bunch of naked people?" I laughed.
"No, I'm not that creepy, I'm uh..."
"Just a little creepy?"
"Right! I'm 'stare at your legs at the beach' creepy, not go look at naked people creepy."
"Oh! I thought I caught you staring at a bit more than my legs!" I giggled.
"Guilty as charged," he smiled. "You really are great at distracting a guy from his book. Can I ask you something Laura?"
"Sure, whether I answer it..."
"No, I was just wondering why you are wearing a dress at the beach, you seem over dressed."
"Oh. Uh, how much did Karen tell you about me?" I asked.
"Not a lot really, just that she had known you forever, that you were really sweet, she was right about that, and you know, about our conjoined break up story. She said you would be around today and to find you just look for the prettiest woman here, she was right about that too by the way," David smiled, "and that you would be alone, but not for long. It was her idea that I should find you so I would be totally alone down here."
I blushed at his compliments, I really wasn't used to that, and now was really not sure if he was flirting.
"Well, I'm really modest, I, well my fashion sense is best described as 'frumpy' or 'old librarian lady.' I'm really just not comfortable showing much skin. Normally that means a one piece at the beach, usually with some running shorts, and I avoided pool parties all my life. Anyway, I, well before the thing happened that we agreed to not talk about, well; I wanted the trip to be special. I never really dressed all sexy and stuff so as a treat to, uh,"
"The guy we agreed to not talk about?" He interjected.
"Yes. Him. Anyway, I bought a new wardrobe for the trip and if I liked it, I was going to try to loosen up a bit. No sense in that now. So, yeah, I was all packed when Karen told me the truth, and I didn't have time to shop again, and now I have a bunch of swimwear and other stuff I'm not really comfortable being seen in. That's the short version."
"Why not?"
"Why not what?" I asked back.
"Why aren't you comfortable being seen? You look quite fit. Work out a lot?"
"Oh, thank you. I run three or four times a week. And I just don't. When I was younger, well, middle and high school were not kind to me and I got really self-conscious I guess. I've never really gotten over it, and, this week was supposed to be about stretching my boundaries but I don't have a boyfriend to stretch them for so, I wearing a dress as a wrap."
"You could stretch those boundaries and grow for yourself. That's healthier than doing it for him anyway, I mean, look, you refer to yourself as 'frumpy,' and you clearly don't think that is a good thing, maybe it is time to try something else if only to see if you like it better," David said, and I guess he made sense in a way. When I was trying all this stuff on I did feel really confident, and I liked that feeling. Maybe. 'It's not like anyone back home would hear how scandalously I was attired in Jamaica,' my mind was telling me, or maybe that morning's drinks and the two glasses of wine at lunch were telling me.
"Hmmm, I'll think about it. Are you a psychologist now?"
"No, I'm a dentist."
"Really? That's cool. I'm a CPA." I answered quickly to change the subject from my bare ass sitting on the chair at the grill, or at least from the thong that made my ass bare.
We talked a few more minutes and he convinced me to go back to the beach. I had probably gotten more sun at the grill as the cabana blocked most of the harsh light, and had gauzy curtains that could be drawn to block more, plus I could nap there if need be. I refilled my water bottle, used the restroom again, and returned to find yet another glass of wine waiting for me.
"Geez David, are you trying to get me wasted or something?"
"No, the waiter brought that, I didn't ask, you can just leave it here if..."
"No sense in wasting," I said as I tossed my water bottle into the bag and picked up the glass. "Shall we?" I asked as I extended my free hand to him.
He stared at my hand a moment, then took it in his and rose from his seat. My mind caught up to my body and asked 'What are you doing Laura's hand? Why are you holding Hot Cousin David's hand? Thafuque?' Well, too late to worry about that now, if I had dropped his hand it would have been even more awkward.
We went to the cabana he had been using, as there was a couple in mine when we got back to the beach. This one was different, instead of having two loungers, it had but one, although it was as huge as a king sized bed so we could each have our side. The back third of it was raised so one could sit up and read or whatever. On either side was a small table that I set my drink and bag on. Overall, I figured I could live with it, in retrospect that was probably the alcohol talking. The beach was still not crowded, but there were more folks just out walking now, couples hand in hand, laughing and smiling and it occurred to me in my alcohol induced stupor that we must look just like that to them. Most of them were wearing swimwear and some of the women's was quite risqué, and that I think helped me screw up the courage for what came next.
As David got on the lounger I walked around closed the curtains on each side, the back was the same canvass as the roof, with mesh vents at the top so it didn't get too hot, but I left the front a little open. I wanted privacy, but I wanted some sun too. Then, standing in front of David, my stance open with my weight shifted to one hip, I unbuttoned the dress, opened the front with a smirk and took it off. I don't think I breathed the entire time that was happening, as I was just a bundle of mildly intoxicated nerves. Still, I thought he was right; I needed to stretch my boundaries. I wasn't happy with the way things were, so I had to change. And that is how I ended up standing in front of Hot Cousin David in less swimsuit than my underwear usually covered, feeling like a stripper, just a little bit slutty, and getting stared at by Karen's hot cousin the entire time. I think that might have been the first sign that I had an exhibitionist streak. I began to be aroused at the situation and made a note to practice taking things off in front of a mirror to maximize the effect next time it arouse. It was sort of arousing to undress in front of someone I barely knew.
Okay, it wasn't sort of anything. My heart was going pitter-patter and as I said, I don't think I drew a breath the whole time. It was just arousing. Not a gusher of panty wetness, but stiff nipple arousing at least.
I liked it.
I tossed the dress to the foot of the lounger, pulled the sides of the bottom to tug it up just a bit to where they should be, then asked, "Well? What do you think?"
My entire mental well-being rode on his answer.
David just stared at me for another minute, I could see his eyes running up and down my body, further undressing me with his mind, making me a nervous wreck, and just as I was about to give up and put the dress back on when he asked me to turn around.
"What?"
"Oh, I wanted to see the back. You look amazing by the way."
"Are you ogling me?" I asked with a grin as I turned so he could see, well, my ass. Yes, I did arch my back to stick it out just a tad more.
"Yes. Absolutely."
That was almost a good answer. I would have liked more of an indication that he was agog with my absolute beauty but apparently that wasn't happening.
"That's not normally a good thing," I replied as I looked over my shoulder at him. Sure enough, his eyes were fixed on my butt. Okay, wearing a revealing swimsuit was one thing, modeling it for a guy I just met was something else, and I was beginning to feel uncomfortable, hormonally exciting, but uncomfortable, then he looked back to the book he was reading as if seeing my ass, or most of it, wasn't a big deal. I went from hoping he liked it, to hoping to feel at least objectified, and then to feeling rejected in an instant. 'What? Was my ass not good enough for him? I had a nice ass! How dare he...'
"You gonna sit down or just stand there? I'm not complaining if you want to, I'll just stop reading and stare. You are magnificent by the way," he smiled.
'Hmmm, still not the best answer, but I'll take it.'
"I might as well, I just gave up 23 years of inhibitions for a half hearted compliment from a guy who would rather read than stare at my ass," I giggled. I wanted to sound like I was joking, but that was really how I felt. David saw through my jest though.
"What were you expecting?" He asked as he sat up and moved to the foot of the lounge.
"I don't know, not 'You're so beautiful, come here I must put babies inside you' but maybe more than 'You're magnificent by the way, I wonder how the Braves did yesterday' ambivalence."
By now David was sitting on the edge of the lounger with me standing about a foot or so away. He placed his hands lightly on my hips as he looked up with his sterling blue eyes staring into mine.
"Look," he began, "I knew from Karen you were shy, and all morning long you made it clear you are quite modest. That's not a bad thing, but you've also pretty much shown you are inhibited about yourself, your looks, your body... you're more than shy. That's okay. That's how you are, cool. Thing is you know you don't really want to be that way and are brave enough to try to break through some of that. I want to encourage that, it's the bravest thing I've seen in a while, a person facing her own fear and self doubt. But it means I have to walk a thin line. If I ignored you completely you would become withdrawn and rejected even more. If I celebrated your coming out the way I want to, well, you would feel like you were the center of attention, you would be, and I think you hate that. So, I tried, and obviously failed, to go the middle route, appreciating but not making a spectacle of you."
"Hmmm, well, why don't you try telling me how you really feel?" I asked, mainly because I just had to know. I'm not sure if it was the alcohol that made me want to know, or the rush of hormones from being so close to naked and on display just for him. I think it was mostly the latter.
"I can do that, if you like," he said as he leaned forward and kissed me right on my hip bone, several inches above the bikini, then as he spoke planted a row of little wet kisses following the bikini's top hem across to the its middle, right at the top of my pubic mound, "I think you are the most beautiful thing on a beach since Aphrodite rose from the water, I can't take my eyes off of you, and I don't want to. When you took that dress off I couldn't see anything else except you, the rest of the world went away, I don't want it to come back and I'm quietly cursing that the one regret I will always have is not being good enough to even be near you, much less involved to whatever degree with you. You've made me forget everyone else, dear god I can't remember ever wanting anyone else. That's how I feel," he said as he planted that final kiss on my middle, just a few inches, if that, from a slit that was starting to get damp. As close as he was to the gap between my legs he surely felt its warmth on its face, maybe even sensed the slight aroma of my body as it prepared to receive him.
'That is the answer you wanted!' my heart gleefully told my brain, while my vagina spoke only through the juices it was emitting to lubricate what it hoped would be a nice long breeding session. His kisses were warm and wet, and they tickled as he drew himself across the bottom of my tummy. By the time of the last one I was warm and moist and very sensitive. My lower half clenched and jerked away as it just felt too good!
I pushed on his shoulders until he was sitting straight up again, then did the most brazen, slutty, thing I had ever done. Staring him down with a smile, I put one knee on either side of his waist and squatted down on his lap, crossing my wrists behind his neck. It must have been the hormones and excitement of exposure as I had drank before, although as police reports in college towns always say, drinking may have been involved.
"It has only happened a couple times before, but when a guy kisses me the first time, I think it should be on my lips."
"I can do that, I can totally do tha..." David started to reply as I pressed my lips to his.
His lips were sweet, sweeter than the wine I had been drinking, and on top of that, he was an amazing kisser. His lips were soft and his tongue wet and he applied just the right pressure and he invaded my mouth just far enough and... it was just perfect! As out tongues entwined, I lost track of time. David's hands moved around my waist and back, not going anywhere too personal at first, but he did become more daring the longer we sucked each other's faces. When a hand cupped my ass so much that a finger or two was an inch from my anus, I had to stop.
I didn't want to! I really didn't! I was wet, so wet, and my chest and groin felt hot enough to start a fire, but I wasn't a first date girl. I just wasn't. The only guy I had been with had to wait four months. I didn't think it would take as long for the next guy, but it had to be more than two or three hours didn't it? This wasn't the first time my morals ruined my body's good time, but it felt like the worst. While my mind was saying 'slow down girl!,' my body was screaming 'Fuck him! Rip his shorts off, get that thong down and have a pony ride until he puts babies inside you!'
Sometimes my body goes faster than my heart and mind want to, although this time my heart was leaning towards agreeing with my body. 'You like him! He likes you! He's gorgeous! Has a real job! If you're not going to fuck him, at least give him a blow job! You like blow jobs! He's a dentist, orally fixated! He probably likes blow jobs too! Don't let him think you're a tease and blow this! No really! Blow this! You know you want to!' my heart sang to me. In my imagination, my heart sings, and well, that's because I'm weird. I had to agree my heart gave good advice and first date oral seemed to be the norm among my friends, but my mind interfered again and reminded me that wasn't me. I'm not a first date girl.
I probably would have kept making out until I was suddenly a first date girl, but the hand that was holding my ass had fingers that began to roam down to Taintville on their way to Vaginaland. I gasped, stood up suddenly and pulled the bikini bottom back into place.
"I'm sorry, you're great, I... just this is a little too fast for me. I, well I hope you're not mad and..."
"No, I should be apologizing, I guess I got a little more worked up that I should," he replied. His face was bright red and he was breathing a little hard, but in truth so was I and it felt like I was blushing too, and not just from taking my dress off. Okay, I think my display had probably worked me up more than David if truth were to be told, I liked his eyes crawling all over me. He really was a nice guy, and as I've said to the point of boring repetition, super hot too.
"Maybe we should get back to reading and relaxing?" He asked.
"Maybe, but I don't think this horse is going back into the barn either, do you?"
"No, and why would I want it to? You're great, interesting, not stupid, just, well, beautiful. You're not everything I want in a woman, you're everything every guy wants. I'm glad I'm with you. I don't want that to stop." He replied, and his words made me as moist and warm as his body had moments before.
"What do you mean by 'with' me?" I asked, wanting to clarify who and what we were to each other. I had my ideas, but I had only known David a few hours and wasn't sure if my ideas were realistic, especially in the heat of the moment.
"Oh, well, I guess I need your help defining that but I have a few thoughts. See, a few hours ago, I was hurt, lonely and feeling sorry for myself. You know the feeling, rejection is like that. Now, well, now we've met and we're kind of clicking I guess, and, well this feels like the start of something. I'm already not thinking of the past, now I'm thinking... well, I don't know what tomorrow would be like if I wasn't hanging out with you. So..."
"So you want to date me?" I asked, hoping for the answer I wanted more than anything at the moment.
"No, I mean yes, yes I do, but more than that, right now you feel more like a partnership forming than a date, does that make sense? I mean, it feels like, well, I know you're still working through things, so am I, but I'm thinking more like girlfriend or significant other as they call it. I mean... I just know that for the foreseeable future I want you for myself and I don't want to see anyone else and..." he stammered, sounding like a nervous teen asking for a prom date.
"Yes," I interrupted him.
"Yes?" He asked.
"Yes, I would like that. If you want to be my boy, uh, man friend, significant other, whatever. But, uh, you should know about me I don't, well I have experience with one man and I have no idea what I'm doing and my mind and heart and... other parts, don't always agree and I can't make sense of it, so the two things I need for you to promise me is, first, loyalty, I think we both need that, and this is the tough one, patience. I might not want to go at the speed you want, but if you can be a little patient with me, we will get where we need to be."
His grin lit up the cabana, and if it had been dark I suspect they could see the light from it in Florida.
"I can do that, whatever you want, I just want, well its cliché, but I just want to make you happy, me happy, us happy, but will you do one thing for me?" He grinned.
"Hmmm, maybe, I mean, yes as long as its not gross or perverted or whatever," I replied because I didn't want to get trapped into promising to do something sexual when I had just, well, stopped doing something sexual. I half expected a blowjob request, and I would have said no, although I wouldn't have really been too offended. A hand job I would have probably agreed to at that point.
"Oh definitely not gross at all, quite beautiful in fact" he said as he reached behind my back and unclasped my top. It was then that I realized my breasts were in full view, for how long I could not say, and by the time I realized it, he was already lifting the top from me. "I don't think this is doing much good at all," he grinned as he pulled it from me and tossed it to my bag beside the lounge.
I must have been a hundred shades of red and quickly did the hand bra thing to cover myself. My nips were are hard and stiff as they had ever been and looked like little rose colored witch hats pointing upward from my breasts. That they so betrayed my arousal to David was a near unforgivable treason.
"Come on Laura, it isn't as though I haven't seen then now, they came out when you took off the dress. You have beautiful breasts, as beautiful as you. This is just expanding another boundary."
"Yeah, I don't see myself walking around the office topless so that's probably not a boundary I want to break."
"You probably wouldn't get much work done if you were in a tiny two piece either so that metaphor is pretty much broken already. Besides, the curtains are closed and you are alone with your boyfriend," David smiled, then added "Please?"
"If you put that top back on, the girls will just come out again in a few minutes anyway. It really is designed poorly. And he did say 'please,'" my mind said.
"Plus, you really should push some boundaries while you are here, you like him a lot and should be comfortable around him, and it might even be nice to get a more all over tan," my heart added.
"I have a tiny, warm, moist, penis accommodating place where you could put his penis and do sexy sex things! Its designed to have a penis inside it!' My body concluded.
'Shut up body! You're freakin' annoying!" My heart and mind shouted.
"Okay, but if you stare at me I'm putting the dress back on," I smiled at David as I lowered my hands and tried, and failed, to walk casually to the other side of the lounge. I mean, what do you do with your arms on a walk like that?
"Oh, you know I'm going to stare some. They will revoke my man card if I don't, but I will try to do it on the sly so you don't notice. It's the polite thing to do," he grinned at me.
"Its good to know your mother raised a gentleman" I replied with a giggle.
"I'll be sure to pass on your compliment."
"I can hear that now," I replied, "Mom! Laura really likes that you taught me to not get caught staring at her tits!"
I couldn't help it, he was funny, made me laugh and among his other many fine qualities, Hot Cousin David was an amazing kisser. Once I got situated beside him on the lounger, I rolled to my side, got up on one elbow and kissed him again. I meant for it to just be a brief one reassuring us both of our romantic feelings, but it got a bit hot and wet, and as he gently sucked on my tongue, a hand cupped my breast and ever so gently massaged my flesh. My ex had always been a little too strong when he touched my chest, but David's touch was so gentle I was purring like a kitten before I realized his hand was on me. A fresh wave of warmth spread throughout my body and I felt deliciously alive and sexy. My yearning for his flesh became stronger as well and I realized I should have insisted on napping in my room after lunch so I could have rubbed one out to get some relief. It was too late for that now.
I would lie to myself. That was the solution my idiotic mind and heart came up with. I would tell myself I could get through it, and still give David a moment to hang onto. It was stupid plan, and bound to fail. My body was laughing at my folly.
I reached up and held his wrist pulling his hand away from my breast as I released myself from his kiss.
"You're not going to give up on my boobs are you?" I asked with a smile.
"Sorry, it just came naturally and..."
"Its okay, I understand, we're both in a weird place with a lot to work out between us, I'm not mad, that felt great, but, okay, here's the deal. I have sun screen everywhere else, although we're in a cabana and not getting a lot of direct sun admittedly. I'm going to give you the bottle and you will have two minutes to apply it anywhere on my chest you think I might need it. In that time, you can explore that area all you want, stare, leer, feel, whatever. If anything hurts, you stop and I leave and go to my room. Be gentle, like you just were, that was great. After that two minutes, you stop staring and feeling me up until I want you to again. Do we have a deal?" I smiled.
"Uh, okay. Question, can you remove the rest of the biki..."
"No. I will not remove anything else during the two-minute period and you can't remove anything for me. Just my chest is all I'm giving permission for. Also, you're a perv." I giggled.
"Okay, you have sunscreen?"
"Right here," I said as I rolled away from him to reach into my bag. I had after sun lotion, which was a large green bottle, and I easily ignored that. I also had moisturizer that was in a bottle similar to the sunscreen and I set it on the table.
"Hey! That would be perfect for a hand job! Most guys like hand jobs," My body reminded me.
"Shut up and stop being such a slut body!" My mind and heart shouted.
Finally I found the right container and my phone, and handed him the bottle, then set two minutes on the timer app. I know I was being a bit of a tease, but I was enjoying myself and maybe it would let him have a little fun and let him know I was okay with him desiring my boobs, but that I wasn't really ready for anything else. This was a complete lie to myself, and one I would go along with only for the next minute or so.
"Ready?" I asked, as I was about to start the timer.
"Wait! Let me get into position first, I don't want to waste a second" he grinned. David straddled my left leg, kneeling, and that placed his knee in the gap between my legs, against my private area, with his junk resting on my hip. I could feel the weight of his manhood, and the slight pressure on my vulva, and there could be no doubt that he felt the warmth of my excitement now.
Good plan David! Full marks for that one!
"Okay, I'm ready," he said with a smile that exuded both happiness and lust.
"Remember the rules, your two minutes starts... now," I said as I pressed the green icon on the timer app. I lifted my arms over my head, closed my eyes and relaxed for what I expected to be the best brief massage ever.
He didn't start with his hands though. David leaned over me, I could feel the warmth of his body over mine, and straightened his leg so it was still pressing against my junk. His things were still resting on my hip and I became aware of just how large they must be, as it seemed to extend from a few inches down my thigh all the way to the top of my exposed hipbone. Then, as he moved a bit more down, I felt his lips on my areola, and his warm, wet tongue on my nipple.
I had wanted to remain detached and just let him have his fun, but as I said before, my breasts were always sensitive, and no more than fifteen seconds into it the first soft "ohhhhhhh" escaped my lips, followed by several more, as well as a few moans. Had I thought about it, and I didn't, my mind was elsewhere, that would have been embarrassing enough, but somewhere along the way I moved my hips to get more comfortable, and by 'comfortable' I mean, 'grinding one out, slowly humping his thigh for relief.'
David shifted to my other breast and I almost came, which would have given me a chance to regain control of my body and the situation with the relief it would have brought from that itch of hormones I could not scratch, but instead I just gasped and began softly panting and telling him how good it felt. He must have suckled me for most of the two minutes as just when he stopped and began to apply the sunscreen, his soft massaging of my breasts driving me further into euphoria, the alarm went off.
"Well, that was, uh, interesting, and uh, great!" He grinned as he lifted up and knelt over my leg. "I hate it had to end."
I didn't want it to end either, he was amazing. Also I was slowly grinding myself against his thigh and don't think I could have stopped if I wanted to. I had one arm over my head still, but the other was down so that the tip of my thumb was at the corner of my lips. I may have been sucking on it at one point. I really wanted to suck on him though, and was no longer of a mind to fight that urge. My mind, body and heart got together and all agreed a blowjob was the very least I could do at this point.
"Well, the good news is I've conferred with the judges and they say you've made it to the bonus round," I giggled.
"Oh, bonus round! I like the bonus round, that sounds nice, tell me about it?" He asked.
"Oh its just like the first round, but lets make it five minutes this time. Oh, and the judges wanted me to remind you that the rule against removing further clothing only applies to my clothing, not your's," I answered with the best sexy grin I could muster.
"Well, in that case" he smiled as he sat on his calves and started to untie the string holding his shorts around his waist.
"Here, let me help with that." I whispered as I rose up in front of him, also on my knees. I reached forward and as he had the string undone already, gave a gentle slow tug down. As his shorts fell to the lounge, his manhood was released.
"Dayum!" I gasped. My penis experience was limited to my ex, who I thought has a perfectly fine one. Apparently, I was wrong. David was at least two or three inches longer, and significantly thicker. It was beautiful and I was in lust. David's penis was a little lighter in hue than him, and covered with veins that tracked up and down it. There was a flap of skin over the head, which was a soft pink and just barely peeking out. The tip was shiny and moist and in my mental state looked perfectly delicious. David was nicely man-scaped with just a light wisp of hair at his base, and his testicles appeared smoothly shaved. He felt heavy in my hands and I began stroking him slowly and gently. I had never really seen one in daylight as my ex and I had always done our naughty stuff at night in dim lighting, if any lighting at all.
That led to my next bit of nervousness; no one had ever seen my junk either, except my gyno. If there was anything weird about it I'm sure he would have told me, but he might not mention if it was just damned ugly. I set that thought aside for the moment though as I leaned forward until I was on a hand and my knees, then brought David's cock up to my lips and tongue, and engulfed him my loving, slutty, mouth. I knew then that this was probably as far as our relationship would go; guys like Hot Cousin David don't want to be involved with sluts, but I couldn't help myself. I was just too hot and bothered to turn back now.
He even tasted wonderful. It was a little salty, as expected, but also a little sweet and tangy. His cock was simply yummy. His scent was masculine musk, but not sweaty nastiness, and not overpowering. He smelled of lotion and manhood, but quite clean and fresh. Having my face down there was a very pleasant experience.
I should mention at this point that I truly love sucking dick. While I worried I was being sexual with David too fast, but my mind rationalized that most of my friends had given head on first dates so it wasn't out of the ordinary, and most dates didn't last the five or six hours that we had spent together. That I later realized we had only met about three hours before, and that most of those friends I considered to be slutty, wasn't considered as part of the rationale. Still, no way he would want to date a whore. Anyway, I love sucking dick. I didn't have a huge amount of experience, but I had began with my ex a couple months after we started dating and had done extensive research on the internet about what to expect, what would be expected, and different tricks to try. I had some practice and was now getting more.
I tried to take as much in as I could but still could only manage maybe half of him. The problem was not just his generous length, it was also his girth. He filled my mouth easily and that contributed to the situation. I decided to focus on the head while my hands corkscrewed up and down his shaft, and his soft panting told me he had no problem with this.
Licking around the head was a nice surprise both because it drew an intense groan from his mouth, and because the taste of cock was so amplified there. He tasted like a dozen dicks around his head owing to the dampness I was licking from there. Yum! Did I mention how much I love sucking dicks?
David pulled the scrunchie from my hair and ran his hands through my loose auburn curls. It was nice feeling his hands caressing me and guiding me to pleasure him, but the down side was all that hair fell down and got in my way. Still, he kept most of it pulled back and it was really sexy when he ran his hands through it, especially when he gripped it really hard as I knew he was about to unload his semen into my whore mouth.
But he didn't. The longest my ex lasted under my oral attention was maybe three minutes, and after what must have been five or six I began to wonder if I was doing something wrong. I mean, he should have ejaculated by now. Plus, even though I spelled myself by using my hands ever minute or so to give my mouth a rest, my jaw was getting a bit tired. So was my tongue that had been feverishly licking him every moment he was in my face. He was groaning and thrusting himself in and out of me, and in and out of my hands during break time, but seemed no closer to climax than when we started.
Finally, just when I thought he might nut, he gently pulled my hair until my mouth released him, and caused me to rise up. I wiped the drool from my chin as I rose but must have looked horrible, my hair was everywhere, my face felt like it was on fire and I could feel sweat about to drip down me. He looked at me a minute and pulled me towards him.
'OH my gosh! He's kissing you after you had his dick in your mouth! He must really love you!' My heart sang.
'Or he's a weirdo that likes to do gross ass things like kiss girls while they are sucking his dick.' My mind said.
'Fuck him! Fuck his brains out! Throw his ass down and jump on that thang'!' My body cried out. Of my three inner monologues, it was clearly the loudest.
David kissing me at that moment was off setting for a moment. My ex had never kissed me during or after oral, it always seemed like he was repulsed by the idea and I understood that. Why would anyone put their mouth where their nasty junk had been? David didn't seem to care about that. Our previous kisses had been loving and gentle, but this was more passionate, like he was as hungry for me as I was for him.
I decided I liked it, and my body had won this argument.
"You're amazing," he whispered.
"Thank you, may I continue?" I smiled. I really wanted to taste and swallow his load now, I mean, that's my reward for being a good cocksucker isn't it? I always thought it was.
"Can I ask the judges a question first?" He grinned as he kissed me some more.
"The judges are listening," I replied.
"Can I take this off of you now?" He smiled as his fingertips just barely entered the waistline of my bikini bottom.
'Fuck him! Fuck his brains out!' My body practically screamed, only to have my mind and heart answer 'Yep, gotta go with body on this one, she makes a great case."
"No," I whispered "the rules clearly state you can't remove anymore of my clothing. But nothing in the rules say I can't," I grinned as I released his cock and tugged the swimsuit bottom down to my knees, before laying on my back, lifting my legs and pulling it off down my calves.
'Okay, moment of truth' I thought as I slowly and almost reluctantly opened my legs, offering myself to him. 'Either I'm totally gross down there or I'm at least a little alluring. Was all that positive body image stuff I read true or just a bunch of crap they tell us gross ass girls so we will breed when we're soaked and...'
"Oh my god you are so beautiful" David whispered as his eyes bored in on my junk. That was pretty much what I needed to hear.
David moved forward until he was hovering over me and I knew I would feel that steely penis I had just sucked enter me at any moment, and even though part of me hated myself for fucking a guy I had just met, mostly I just craved his hard cock inside me.
Instead he kissed me again, passionately but gentle, and just as I was enjoying that sensation he began kissing his way down my neck, then my chest, stopping to perform his tongue fu on the erect nipple of my right breast, sending me into euphoria even further. He licked and suckled me for just a moment, then continued his trek down my body, his tongue tickling me at the bottom of my rib cage, then down my abs until his mouth was right at my pubic mound.
David lifted up, looked me in the eyes and repeated his whisper, "You are so beautiful.
I was starting to writhe around, hungry for his touch, waiting for him to penetrate me, when he kissed the inside of my knee, then slowly planted a line of soft, wet, kisses down the inside of my thigh, until kissed my quite moist slit.
David placed his tongue right at the bottom of my stuff, near my butt, and then slowly licked all the way up my vag until he got to my clit, lapping at it with his tongue like a kitten licking milk. I gasped, no one had ever done this for me, my ex wasn't interested and I had no idea how good it would feel. I had heard of it but my personal experience made me think it wasn't all that common.
'Is he really licking your vagina? He must really like you, or something...' My heart and mind asked.
'Wheee! Wheee! OMGWTFBBQCIAKGBAT&T!' my body responded.
After a few licks on my clitoris, David started all over, tongue at my ass, slowly lick upwards, and then lap at my most sensitive place. After a few rounds of this I was writhing out of control and began thrusting my hips slowly, rubbing my junk against the actions of his tongue. Before Dental School David had apparently received an MBA in cunnilingus from the Wharton College of Oral Sex because it only took a few minutes, even as nervous as I was, for my first climax to arrive.
It wasn't subtle.
My clit began to feel ticklish, and I began to quiver and shake a bit whenever his tongue hit it. Suddenly it hit me, like an electrical shock of goodness emanating from my girl stuff. I was panting to the point of almost hyperventilating, my abs seized up and lifted my bottom from the lounger, and my thighs came together holding David's head on my pussy.
David just kept applying his oral attentions to my sex, and I was shaking around and rubbing myself all over his mouth as the relief my body sought was provided. I don't know how long I came; one orgasm seemed to just roll into the next, but at least a minute or two.
Then I just lay down and quivered as David was finally satisfied that he had done everything he could to get me off with his mouth.
As I returned to my senses I realized Hot Cousin David was over me, grinning like a fool, while I tried to catch my breath.
"May I?" He asked as I felt the head of his penis pressing against the vestibule of my snatch.
"I've never wanted anything more in my life," I whispered.
I felt the head of his cock enter me as he moaned how tight I was. I wondered if it would even fit given its generous length and girth, or if it would hurt in doing so, but in a moment this concern was tossed aside as my body opened to welcome this new visitor. He entered slowly, as if going fast would have caused harm, and it might have for all I knew. Once he was at our maximum depth, he just stopped and paused, giving me a chance to become accustomed to his size. I was still tingling from my orgasm and knew another would happen any moment.
I felt no pain, although my ex has never reached much of what David entered. I only felt complete fullness and joy. I adjusted the angle of my hips, never quite finding the right angle, and David took that as his signal that might begin fucking me.
David was slow and gentle at first, and so deep the head of his cock was tapping against my cervix at the depth of each stroke. That wasn't really painful, at least not with the soft, slow, tempo we were at, but was a reminder of how deep he was and, well, anytime an internal organ is banged into it lets the brain know what's happening.
The main feeling I got was his cock, now moist with my cream, sliding over my clit repeatedly, slowly driving me towards orgasm. I thought I had climaxed before from intercourse and considered myself lucky that way, but it wasn't like this. As I began rocking my pussy to meet his thrusts a wave of warmth came over me, starting with my groin and spreading throughout, especially my face and breasts. Then it was like an electrical shock again, and my body began to tremble as I gasped at the pleasure I was feeling. I seized up again as David delivered a second climax to me, and this time my body squeezed down on his manhood as if pressure along with my writhing could draw a similar experience from his body. I wanted his cum in me and I wanted it now.
David had a different idea though and as I came down from that peak, knowing another would be moments behind, he withdrew, flipped me over with my cooperation, so that I was face down on the lounger, on my knees, with my ass in the air and my soaked vag aimed towards him.
I felt something drag itself up my slit, for an instant thinking it was David's cock, but it turned out to be his thumb. He used it to scoop up some of the slut sauce that was oozing from me, and massaged it onto my anus.
Okay, that felt interesting, good even, but just as I was about to tell him my backside was exit only, he filled my birth canal with his penis again and I sighed at the return of my vagina's best friend. He wasn't as gentle as the first time he entered me and didn't need to be, but he wasn't harsh either. His cock moved with the confidence that he wouldn't hurt me and knew enough about my fuck hole to know he knew I could take it now. He picked up right where he left off when I was on my back cumming, and I nearly did again.
His first thrust inward in this position nearly took my breath away. There was a sweet spot on the front wall of my vagina that his glans rubbed against and I almost came again immediately. He began fucking me with more vigor as I began to thrust myself back at him to inhale his cock with my pussy. As I did, the thumb that was massaging my anus put a little more pressure on my butthole, although it didn't force itself in. If anything, it was my movement that was causing it to press inward. It didn't hurt, he swirled it around and massaged me there and the pressure wasn't so bad, and his cock was driving me insane anyway so if he did try to finger me there, I probably would not have stopped him.
The sweet feelings from that spot inside me began to grow and soon a third orgasm racked my body. It came out of nowhere with none of the usual tingly warning signs. I just suddenly felt like I had to pee, then began shaking all over as pure joy caressed my nervous system. All the muscles in my torso and pelvis seemed to seize up at once, a hand cupped a breast that had been swinging in time to our bodies motions beneath me, and when my abs an pelvic muscles released and began undulating in waves, I rose up to my knees with a gasp and moan that can only be described as feral. When I did, a thumb finally entered my anus, again from the pressure my body put on it, not from anything David did, and I gave a yelp of pain as a burning and stabbing sensation erupted in my backside.
I was practically hyperventilating when I went back down on my face, squeezed David involuntarily as hard as my body could, and felt his cock swell with pulsations as he finally erupted his semen deep into me. His groan was as loud as mine had been. His manhood so filled me up there was a sudden increase in pressure inside me as the sperm had nowhere to flow out, and he was pressing his cock deep inside and holding it there as he spewed his boy syrup into my womb. It didn't hurt, but there was a bit of pressure that made me feel totally fucked and used, like a woman should feel after intercourse.
In my delirium, I think I loved the guy.
After a long moment, I could feel the tension in his grip on my breast ease and heard him exhale. He was still hard and still in me, but backed out a little as he stopped cumming. Suddenly he made two or three more thrusts in and out of me as I gyrated my hips, then we both fell forward, exhausted from our passion, and as we did he withdrew from me and a river of our combined filth drained out of my birth canal and ran down my slit and across my clit before soaking into the padding of the lounger.
After a moment of catching my breath it was time to address something.
"David?"
"Yes Laura?"
"Your thumb is in my ass."
"Yeah. I think it likes it there."
"Okay. Uh, David?"
"Yes?"
"Could you get your thumb out of my ass please? It was, uh, interesting a few minutes ago, but now, it kind of feels hideous."
He complied. I rolled to face him and his body was still as amazing to my no longer horny eyes as it had been before I got laid. I ran my hand up and down his chest and torso, then as my eyes traced his sweaty, muscular body I saw his cock was still semi erect, and there was a large drop of semen on the tip, about to be swallowed up by his foreskin.
Nope. That's mine. I hastily slid down his body arriving just in time to take his member into my mouth and slurp up the drop of seed that was there.
Damn, even his cum tasted sweet. I wanted more.
"Ohhhh," he sighed, "That feels so good, you're an amazing woman, best girlfriend ever."
I was done with slurping his cum like a common whore, and he brought something to light that required attention.
"Look," I said as I slid back up to be face to face with David, "About that, we were pretty worked up when we talked about that, and a guy, well, a guy like you doesn't want a slut that puts out on the first date, if you want to find someone more fitting and appropriate to..."
"What the fuck are you talking about?" David interrupted.
"Well, nice girls don't have sex 3 or 4 hours after they meet a guy, you deserve a nice girl, not a slut and..."
He put a finger to my lips to silence me.
"Don't ever call my girlfriend a slut again. Understand, just don't do it. We were both hurting, we both helped each other through a lot of rejection and pain, and neither of us should have any regrets. Now we are together and we can heal together. So cut that crap out. I want you to be mine, understand? There is no one better for me, and you are a very nice girl."
"Look, I know nice guys don't want a girl that fucks on the first date. I understand, I wish had more self control but like you said, I'm hurting and..."
"You're wrong. Guys don't want a girl that fucks everyone else on the first date. We are perfectly fine with you fucking us on the first date, because we are just awesome that way. Now hush. I want to spend the week, and the foreseeable future with you. I want to see how we get along and grow this, please?"
"Okay. We can try, but if you decide in a week you don't like me then don't say I didn't warn you. I don't want you mad at me, I cherish you David. You really are too good for me, I'm sort of ruined for nice guys."
"You're silly. Ruined? That's Victorian thinking. You don't get ruined because you had sex."
"When I had the talk with my mom, when I was a tween and woman stuff first started, she told me guys want to fuck sluts, but want to marry virgins. You took half my virginity today. My ex got the rest, but he was never as deep as you so I figure you got the deep half. You should be honored." I laughed, even though I felt that to be true and my words were gallows humor at best.
"Uh,,,, I don't think virginity works that way but, yeah, that is an honor. Thanks. Forget all that, it's just not true. Are any of your friends, other than my sweet innocent, pure, cousin Karen of course, still virgins? If not, who are these nice guys supposed to marry? That's silly. Oh, and speaking of Karen I've got a bone to pick with her."
I didn't have the heart to tell him Karen was one of the biggest skanks I knew and if she had as many pricks coming out of her as went in, she would be a porcupine. I think he was kidding anyway. Still I had to ask.
"What did Karen do?"
"I moved to Ohio two years ago. She tells me I only live about nine blocks from you. She could have introduced us then and saved us both a lot of heartache."
I laughed inside before speaking. "Geez you're right! That fucking Karen!"
"Gawd I hate that bitch!" He laughed.
"Fucking Karen, what a cunt!"
"You know what we're going to do? We're going to be happy and grow together and have big birthday parties and not invite her!" David grinned.
"Yeah, and every guy I meet that is young, good looking and rich? I'm going to introduce them to any one except Karen!"
"Fucking Karen. Lets put enough clothes on to get to yours, or mine, or one of our rooms, take a shower and lay under the air conditioner and plot our revenge on that conniving ho bag!"
"Deal!" I laughed.