We'd agreed to meet up for some fun, and Rachel arrived at my door. She was wearing the summer dress I'd bought her, and sneakers. I let her in, and we went through to the living room.
"I meant to ask you," I asked, "what happened with the sexier panties?"
"Well," she said, "they seem to like them, but not enough to justify the extra cost. It's still mostly the story that drives the price. It's no biggie, though, as I'm well ahead at the moment - I still have like three pairs ready to sell."
"So does that mean you don't need to wear them?"
"I still want to," she said, "as I have some special requests I can do. I get more for those, and I can send them out straight away. I like to only have one normal pair for sale at a time."
"Special requests like what?"
"I have one for going down on a woman that I figured we could do?"
"Fine," I said, "I'm starting to get an idea. Let's go."
I grabbed my stuff, and we headed out.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"Shopping."
We headed to the department store, and went in. Like most stores, you seem to have to walk through the women's underwear section to get in, and Rachel stopped me.
"While we're here, I might as well get another pack of panties."
We wandered over to that section, and she grabbed a couple of bags.
"Look," I said, "they have multi-packs of thongs."
They were just cotton, but the cut was sexier than the bikinis she usually wore.
"Fine," she said, "they're the same price."
She put one of the bikini packs back, and grabbed two packs of thongs. We went and paid, and I now had a bag with 18 pairs of women's underwear in it.
"Let's see if we can find Anne," I said, and we scouted around until we did.
Obviously she recognized Rachel, and was happy to see her.
"Hello baby, what can I help you with?" she asked.
"We wanted to look at some lingerie," I said.
"Anything in particular?"
"I was thinking a get up with stockings."
"OK," she said, and led us over to the lingerie section. She asked Rachel her sizes, and quickly gathered three sets, in white, black and red, and led us towards the back of the store. Rachel seemed nervous, but excited.
I followed them in to the employee rest area, and sat down. I figured I was just going to watch the show.
"Can I take pictures?" I asked, waving my phone.
"As long as my face isn't in them," said Anne. She was looking at Rachel.
"OK," she said, "let's try the white set first. Get undressed, baby."
Rachel took off her dress, and stood there in her panties and sneakers. I started taking pictures from time to time with my phone.
"Baby, we're going to need all of it," Anne said.
Rachel looked nervous, but took off her shoes and panties. I noticed that she'd grown a little landing strip. I could see that she was into it, I think she just didn't want to seem too eager.
She stood there naked, with her hands clasped together in front of her, and Anne brought her clothes over and dropped them next to me, and collected the lacy lingerie. She brought over a stool, and lifted Rachel's left foot and put it on her lap. She put a stocking on it and rolled it up her leg. I noticed her brush her hand over Rachel's pussy as she finished. She put her foot down, then did the same with the other leg. When she got to the top, she ran her thumb through Rachel's pussy, then stood up and presented it to her to suck clean. Rachel did.
She got the garter belt, and reached around her and hooked it together behind her back, then clipped each of the suspenders to the top of the stockings. She stepped back to admire her work for a few seconds.
Next was the bra. Anne massaged Rachel's tits for a few seconds, then pulled the bra up her arms and fastened it.
Last were the panties. She picked Rachel's feet up, one at a time, and put them in the leg holes of the panties, then pulled them up to her waist. She pulled the straps high over her hips.
She told Rachel to turn around, and she did.
"What do you think?" Anne asked me.
"I like it - it works well with her tan," I said.
"Let's see her in red," said Anne, turning back to Rachel.
She pulled the panties down, and Rachel stepped out of them. Next she unhooked the bra and took that off, followed by unclipping the garter belt and rolling the stockings off her legs. She unhooked the garter belt last, leaving Rachel naked again.
Anne went and put the white lingerie down, and picked up the red set. She sat down on the stool again, and this time went to put the garter belt on first. She leaned towards Rachel to do up the hooks behind her back, she kissed her on the stomach. She'd already hooked the garter belt, but carried on kissing Rachel, from her stomach down to just above her slit, with her hands on Rachel's butt. She stuck her tongue out and licked Rachel's clit, eliciting a shudder, then turned back to the pile of lingerie. She lifted Rachel's foot into her lap again, and pulled the stocking on slowly. When she let Rachel put her foot down, she adjusted her skirt a little, and when she picked up Rachel's other foot, she put it down between her thighs - she'd pulled her skirt up, I guess. She sat there for half a minute, feeling Rachel's foot against her thighs, before picking it up again and putting the stocking on it. Again, she rolled it up, and she stopped and stroked Rachel's pussy when she got to the top. This time she sucked her own fingers clean, then worked at clipping the suspenders to the stockings.
She put the panties on next, and they were a thong type. She adjusted the waist so it was up by Rachel's hip bones, and pulled her butt cheeks apart so it went deep between them.
Last came a bustier. She had Rachel turn around and hold the front while she did the clasps at the back. She turned Rachel back towards her, then rearranged her tits so they were pushed up. She looked great.
"Turn around, baby," she said, and Rachel did, slowly, with her arms out from her sides.
"I know what this needs, shoes! What size are you, baby?"
Rachel told her, and she headed out, leaving her standing there.
"Are you OK?" I asked.
"I am sooooo turned on right now," she answered.
Just then the door opened and an old guy came in carrying a black garbage bag. Rachel tried to cover herself.
"Oh, excuse me," he said, staring at Rachel, "I didn't know anybody was in here. Are you with Anne?"
"Yes," I said. "Why, does she do this often?"
"From time to time," he said. "I'll just empty the bin and be out of your way."
He went and emptied the bin into his bag, and was leaving when Anne got back.
"Hi Joseph," she said brightly. "Stand up straight, baby."
Rachel moved her hands down to her sides, and stood up straighter.
"What do you think of my model?"
"She's gorgeous," he said.
"Wait until she tries the shoes."
She had a couple of pairs, and brought over a red pair of high heels. They must have been 5" high. She put them on the ground by Rachel's feet and had her step into then one at a time. She tottered around in a little circle, the shoes making her butt stick out.
"What do you think now?" Anne asked Joseph.
"Very nice," he said. "Thank you. I should be getting back to it."
He left, closing the door behind him.
"What do you think?" she asked me.
"I agree, she does look very nice."
"Baby," she said to Rachel, "I think you look really sexy. Do you know what I think would look even sexier?"
Rachel shook her head.
"I'd like to see you go over there and suck his dick. I think you'd look really sexy with his dick in your mouth."
Rachel bit her bottom lip and nodded, then started towards me.
"Sway those hips, baby, be sexy."
Rachel swayed her hips as she walked towards me, and she did look sexy.
She bent at the waist to undo my jeans, and fished out my already stiff dick. Anne had come over for a better view, and took my phone from me to take more pictures. Rachel licked her lips, then stuck her tongue out and licked the tip of my dick. She squeezed it with her hand, getting a drop of pre-cum, and licked that off before putting her mouth around the whole head. Slowly she pushed down as far as she could, then slowly came back up. She swirled her tongue around the head, then went back down.
"That's enough," said Anne after several minutes. "We don't want him cumming in your pretty little mouth."
She handed me back my phone, then guided Rachel back to the center of the room.
"Let's try the black set," she said.
She sat down and ushered Rachel to her. She reached around behind her and worked on the clasps for the bustier. As she took the bustier off, she kissed Rachel's nipples. She then put her thumbs in the waist band of the thong, and pulled it down, letting Rachel step out of them. She let Rachel step out of the shoes, then unhooked the suspenders from the stockings. She picked up her left foot and put it on her lap, then rolled the stocking off. She did the same with the right leg. Then she leaned forwards and unhooked the garter belt, again kissing her on the stomach. She got up and went and got the black set.
She hiked her skirt up a little and sat down again, and hooked the garter belt on. She didn't kiss her stomach this time, and picked Rachel's foot up, putting the black fishnet stocking on her foot before putting it between her thighs. She moved it towards her, so Rachel's foot was up against her pussy. She slowly rolled the stocking up Rachel's leg, taking her time getting it sitting just right before hooking it to the suspenders. She put Rachel's foot down, then picked up the other one and repeated the process. When she put the foot back down, she got up and went and got the black pair of stiletto heels. She picked up Rachel's foot and slipped the 6" heel on. It had a platform at the front, and Rachel wobbled as she put the foot down again. Anne put the other shoe on, and Rachel now towered above her in just garter belt and stockings.
"I love the way the suspenders frame your pussy, baby," she said to Rachel.
She picked up the G-string for this set, and had Rachel lift her feet one at a time to put it on, then pulled it up her legs. She snugged the tiny scrap of black lace in place, and you could see a little of Rachel's landing strip above it.
"That's not good," she said. She tried pulling the G-string right into Rachel's pussy lips, making them splay around it obscenely, but you could still see the hair.
"Stay there," she said, and headed off again.
"Oh my god, this is amazing," said Rachel as soon as the door closed. "I swear I've been on the edge for ages. Joseph seeing me in that getup freaked me out though."
"You're doing great, and I'm getting lots of really sexy pictures of you."
"I'm glad you're here - I don't think I could have done this by myself. The bikini was scary when I was alone with her."
The door opened, and Anne came in with a disposable razor and its packaging. She dropped the plastic in the bin and walked over to Rachel and sat down. She pulled the G-string down to her thighs, and said "oh, I didn't get any shaving cream".
She leaned forward and licked her across the top inch of her pubic hair, then swiped across with the razor. The hair wasn't long, so it came straight off. She put the razor down and felt the new bald patch. It obviously met with her approval, as she pulled the G-string back up.
"That's better," she said.
She got the tiny little black lace bra, and put it over Rachel's arms, then hooked it behind her back. She massaged her tits so they were sitting high, and got up. She stood back to admire her handiwork.
"I almost forgot."
She went into her pocket and brought out a black ribbon choker necklace, and put it on Rachel's neck.
"Not bad, baby, not bad. What do you think?" she asked me.
"I'm not sure. I like the fishnets and the choker, but I think I might have preferred the red setup."
"I know what would make this sexier," Anne said. "Go and lick his balls."
Rachel started to walk over to me, and Anne stopped her.
"Crawl, on your hands and knees."
I was taking pictures of Rachel crawling towards me, and Anne came over and took my phone from me, pointing it back at Rachel.
When she got to me, Rachel stayed on her knees, and pulled my jeans and underwear down further, then held my dick up with her hand and started licking my balls. Anne came in really close to take pictures.
"I want you to sit on his dick, baby, facing me."
Rachel got up and turned around, facing away from me. She went to pull the G-string down, but Anne stopped her.
"Let me," she said, and she reached under and moved the thin crotch to the side. She ran her fingers back and forth through Rachel's lips, then stood back. Rachel backed up to me, and reached under to guide my dick into her pussy. Anne moved in and took more close-up pictures as Rachel lifted herself up and down on my dick. Rachel started shuddering as she came, and slowed down.
"Stop now," Anne said. "We don't want him cumming in your pretty little pussy."
Rachel stood up, unsteadily.
"Suck him off, baby," she said.
Rachel knelt down between my knees, and sucked my dick back into her mouth. Anne was taking pictures as she bobbed up and down.
With all the foreplay, it didn't take long before I was cumming.
"Don't swallow," said Anne, and had Rachel open her mouth so she could get a picture of my cum.
"Now you can swallow," she said, and Rachel did.
Anne reached under Rachel and rearranged the G-string. She stood back and looked at her.
"Hmm. I think we need a second opinion. I'll be right back."
She headed out the door, and Rachel looked at me nervously.
"God, who's going to see me now?" she said.
I smiled back at her, and the door opened. It was Anne with Joseph.
"Here she is," she said. "So which do you prefer?"
"Oh, I really like this getup," he said staring at her openly.
"Turn around baby."
Rachel turned around. From the back, it was like she wasn't wearing panties at all.
"Of course," said Anne, "you didn't see the white set. Baby, get undressed while I sort that out for you again."
Rachel looked shocked, and started to try and undress. She was trying to unhook the stockings, and her hands were shaking too much for her to do them.
"Joseph," said Anne, "why don't you help her out?"
Joseph grinned, and took his gloves off. He went over to Rachel and quickly had the stockings and her bra unhooked. Rachel stepped out of the shoes, and Joseph went to town undressing her. He took the bra from her, then pulled her G-string down. She stepped out of it, and he slid the stockings down her legs. He quickly unhooked her garter belt, leaving her naked. Anne was standing behind him with the white lingerie, watching him work.
"Doesn't she have lovely breasts?" she asked him.
"Yes, she does," he said.
"Feel them, they're real."
I saw Rachel trying to control her first instinct to recoil from the old man as he reached out and started kneading her tits.
"I don't think she likes you like that, Joseph," said Anne. "Maybe you should just sit and watch."
Joseph came and sat next to me, while Anne put the white bra and garter belt on Rachel. She rolled the stockings up her legs and attached them to the garters, then put the white panties on her. She rolled the stool back out of the way.
"What do you think?" she asked Joseph.
"I prefer the black," he said.
"Noted," said Anne. She rolled her stool back and put Rachel's feet in the black stilettos, and had her turn around for us.
"Come here baby," Anne said to Rachel.
Rachel walked over to her unsteadily. Anne put her thumbs in the waistband of Rachel's panties and pulled them down her legs. Rachel put her hands on Anne's shoulders as she stepped out of them, one foot at a time. Anne leaned forward and ran her tongue slowly along Rachel's slit, and when she got to her clit, Rachel came, moaning and shuddering. I thought she was going to fall over, but she held on to Anne's shoulders for support.
"There we go," said Anne, smiling and wiping her face with the white panties. "You may as well keep all the panties, as they're wet through."
Anne unhooked the stockings from the garter belt, and unhooked the garter belt. She stood up and removed the bra, then sat back down and rolled the stockings down Rachel's legs. She picked her left foot up, removed the shoe, then took off the stocking. She did the same with the right foot, then stood up and removed the choker, leaving Rachel naked again.
Rachel came over to me, and asked for her panties back. I handed them to her, and she put them on. Joseph got up and headed back to the door.
"I should go back to work," he said, and left us to it.
"I'd like to do you," Rachel said to Anne.
"Sorry?"
"I'd like to go down on you again," she repeated.
"He'll need to wait outside," Anne said.
I got up.
"No problem," I said.
"Take all your stuff with you," she said, so I collected our shopping, and the wet through panties, putting them in the bag.
"And her clothes."
I picked up Rachel's dress and sneakers, and left the room. I leaned up against the wall to wait, looking at the pictures I'd just taken on my phone.
After about ten minutes, Rachel came out. Her hair was a mess, and she grabbed her dress from me, putting it on. She was putting her sneakers on when Anne came out, looking perfectly normal. She kissed Rachel full on the mouth and told her to come back any time she wanted to play. She smiled at me, then left for the shop floor.
Rachel took my hand and led me towards her place. I could tell she was tired, and sure told me that Anne had taken so long because she'd had several orgasms. She seemed happy enough, but just wanted to go home and rest before work. I saw her to her door, gave her her shopping bag, and headed home.