As reminder, as this chapter has a lot of focus on Marie: as noted in the last chapter, Mark is of average size - but average means half the world is smaller. Marie has only dealt with smaller, and her perspective is a little skewed as a result.
------------------------
Once at the apartment, Melissa snagged Stacey to help her with her project, leaving Mark alone with Marie as they entered his home. Technically the first time he'd been alone with her, too. He pulled her into his arms as she started taking off her clothes, running his fingers along her spine, and rested his forehead against her own. "I love you, you know."
The words made Marie's heart sing with joy. "I love you too, Mark. You.. you didn't need to say it so soon, you know. You don't know me that well... even if I am yours forever."
"Yes I do, because I mean it. I love all of you, Marie, and I think I should express it more." Squeezing her butt, getting a little twitch from the younger woman, he brushed his lips across her own, pulling her into a kiss. He broke it off before it became too heated, however. She returned to stripping off, and he focused on not getting distracted.
"On the topic of getting to know you better, my kitten. When I first fucked you, you said you were into choking, and exhibitionism. But you seem to be getting interested in more stuff. Spankings, being a cocksleeve..." he left the sentence hanging, as she clenched her thighs together, moaning softly: oh yeah. He'd programmed her to cum when he called her kitten.
"You're only the fourth guy I've slept with, Mark," she said after a moment, taking a few deep breaths. "And... I dunno. I always had ideas, I suppose, but most of those losers were more focused on what they wanted, and I never really... had the guts to ask anyone to help me experiment, until I met you. Can you maybe... introduce me to all the kinks, and we'll see what I like?"
Chuckling softly, he agreed, kissing her tenderly before tugging her over to his main computer -- waking it up, and going to his fetlife account. A little bit of navigation brought him to the kinks list, and he sat her naked self down. "Have a browse, Marie, and explore. Don't send any messages, though, OK? Make a list of which ones you want to start with. I'm going to take a look at that cam rig -- we should probably get yours here as well. "
Marie was delighted at this simple solution -- she had not forgotten he had plans for her this afternoon, and started on two lists -- one for 'Eventually' and one for 'Today'. This should be fun!
Pulling out an old test laptop, Mark made sure the Wi-Fi and internet were disabled and put in the Readme disk, doing his best to ignore the exhibitionist: as promised, she seemed insistent on being naked in his home. Opening up the video file, he was unsurprised it was another brainwasher.
The same beat, the same patterns he sort of ignored, a male voice telling the Recruit that she has been chosen for sale. To remain in her present role, hide the fact she was camming from her current assignment, and over the next year, to start liquidating assets -- renting what they needed to live -- and be ready to move in precisely one year. To encourage viewers to bid on her, to remind them that the biggest spender after three months would get to spend a weekend using her -- and the biggest spender after a year would own her for the rest of her life. To fantasize and dream of being some stranger's slave, of forgetting her previous life, of being moulded into whatever that stranger desired.
It moved on, amusingly enough, to teaching them how to set everything up for best recording, what the requirements were to make for a good shoot, and to ensure that both the remote controlled vibrators were in their proper holes when they started streaming. There were even notes on how to dress -- sexy, slutty, horny -- and various ways of creating impromptu soundproofing if needed.
It then instructed her to ensure she had a regular streaming schedule of at least 12 hours a week, and to make sure the recruit held to it: to set the decided schedule on their profile page the day before streaming. Finally, they were to ignore the fact that the streaming gear would only stream to one site, and only connect it to their computer when streaming: hide it when not in use.
That gave him a strong clue as to what the 'hub' did: installing some diagnostic software he used for debugging, he plugged it in to the same laptop, watching it as... yep, it rooted the device, allowing others to access it remotely: it would record passwords and activity, enable discrete, remote access to the cam, and tried to automatically open up the page for the sex slave site -- login information provided, even. The victims wouldn't even have to remember. They'd just be compelled to plug it in and put themselves up for sale.
Removing it all wasn't that hard for him, though he did steal occasional glances at Marie -- she seemed engrossed in what she was reading: someone's 'writings', he thought -- as he re-enabled the internet on the laptop to check his mail for the first time that day.
Finally, he had a reply from Brian: his college buddy worked these days as a black hat analyst, a fact he had been quite smug about in the past. The E-mail was asking what was up, and apologising for the delay -- he'd been at a conference -- giving Mark a number to call, and noting he was typically available in the evenings. He hadn't spoken to him in about six months -- not since Brian had moved halfway across the country for work, so it would be good to catch up. Not to mention call in a favour...
It was simple enough to access the material he needed to make new videos on the device, though he paused to move to his actual computer to grab his microphone. He kissed Marie on the crown of her head in passing, and asked how she was getting on.
Marie had been quite engrossed in exploring the world of BDSM -- it was generating all sorts of interesting ideas in her head as she looked at what various people were into. The file containing her 'lists' had been growing, and she had to admit: some of the erotica on here was getting her wet. Not to mention all the nude photos -- she hoped Master would post her pictures on his page as time went on... So when he leaned over her, grabbing the equipment he wanted, she jumped a little: the kiss felt nice, sending little shivers into her naked body, waking up the brand on her bones with a paean of song: she was his!
"I'm still exploring, Mark," she said softly. "Can I call you that? Instead of master, that is. Mark and master mean the same as far as I'm concerned when I'm talking of you. But... take a look?" she opened up the text file she'd been making notes in. Under 'today' it listed 'Film me, breed me, spank me, choke me, call me names. Tie me up? Make me beg. Deep throat? ' and the 'eventual' list was... much longer.
"You can, my kitten," he replied with a smile. "I'm going to work on the videos for Amy and Monique's exams, and to deprogram Jeff's other conquests, okay? Then lunch, I think -- Brianna will be by around one for a fucking, and then the afternoon will be all. About. You."
Marie gave a little shiver at the words: the anticipation sent those happy, singing butterflies back into her belly, and she knew she'd be thinking about it until it happened. How could she not? He was going to break her mind with pleasure again. Everyone would see.
Of course, that was the point, from Mark's perspective: anticipation is a spice that can do wonderful things to foreplay. "Thank you, Mark," Marie whispered after a moment, biting her lip. "I... can I watch you use Brianna?"
"Of course you can, Marie. When you're done with your research, come join my on the couch? I want to get these done s soon as I can." As she returned to her study of the site, Mark returned to the laptop, and started working on the scripts.
The 'study help' one was fairly easy -- a variation on memory palace techniques, making everything they'd learned easy to find and recall: stress reduction (Turning it into confidence and concentration) and memorisation enhancement -- to find themselves absorbing the text, taking images of it, placing them within their mind palace as naturally as breathing... it was the sort of fundamental stuff you find when you start learning hypnotism. When he was done, he added it to the video file. Five seconds of silence to let the music and video put them under, his instructions, then raising them out a few seconds later. He noticed Marie had turned to watch him as he worked, and when he was done, she rose and moved to sit next to him, snuggling up against his side.
"That would have been useful when I was at college," she remarked, resting her head upon his shoulder, her tone rueful and affectionate. "You're so nice to us."
Mark chuckled. "Your previous partners must have been complete monsters if this impresses you that much," he said, wrapping his arm around her nude form. "You're with me now. I promise, I'm going to do the best for us we can."
Her answer was just to snuggle closer, smiling and nodding towards the screen. "So... to rescue the others?"
He nodded, and started work on the script. Feeling her body pressed against him, warm and available -- patience. He needed this done. This would be similar to the one he'd used to make his initial harem his, and not slaves to the company: it needed to end with the conclusion of his gofundme video, to immunize them against further uses of the video.
He sketched it out. Five seconds of silence, to pull them in. Erase -- instead of merge -- their recruit persona, wiping all triggers, restoring full memory of what the recruit had hidden. Then moving on to his by now standard 'these videos will never work on you again' pattern. Written out, he read over it a few times, making sure he hadn't missed anything.
"Umm.. Mark? If they remember everything... they're probably going to go to the police or the press? Won't that draw a lot of attention to us?" Marie asked. "I mean, if what I've heard is right, the idea is to put us in a place where they can't find us or get in touch with us, then try and take them down? So... we can't let them know they've been found out... right? That's why I can't go home." Not that she really minded being in Mark's bed all night: she couldn't wait until they had their new home, all together.
Mark had to admit, that was a good point. He'd had visions of all the local 'recruiters' being activated to hunt them down and kill them: 'recruits' using videos on the police or law enforcement, to cover things up... while there were obvious holes in their scheme that he was exploiting -- the fact there was nothing in the video to block any ideas of examining it being the obvious one -- but the fact they had mind control technology could not be underestimated. Hell, all they had to do was send some people to shut up anyone who talked, and move their download sites and sales sites, and they could just keep on running.
Mark had some ideas for that -- that's what he needed Brian's help with -- but the whole point of his planning was to create the sort of widely distributed, loud media event that it couldn't be covered up -- compared to three women making wild claims of mind control.
He leaned in to kiss her cheek. "Thank you." He needed to rethink this: the redhead turned to him, brushing her lips over his own. "I'm not just your slave, Mark. We can help, you know!" he nodded -- then the doorbell rang.
Untangling himself from Marie's embrace, he rose and answered it -- unsurprisingly, it was Brianna, who fell into his arms the moment she saw him, pulling him into a kiss, pressing her buxom body against him. Staggering back, he let the door swing shut, running his hands down her back to cup her firm, wide ass.
He was belatedly noticing that something about the video seemed to spike the libido's of those it was used on -- he somehow doubted they had all been this sexually needy before watching it. The kiss finally broke, with one of her thighs lifted and wrapping around him: her eyes were slightly glazed.
"I've been thinking about this since you left.. Fuck me. Please. Fuck this black slave," she moaned. "Remind me you own me. Please.. Please. I'm so fucking wet for you."
Wrapping his hand in her braid, he pulled her into the living room, where Marie was spread out on the couch -- apparently having heard them making out and lay back, beginning to finger herself as she looked at them coming in.
"I see my sister-slave is feeling needy, Mark. Maybe she should eat me while you use her?" she suggested the moment he led the lycra-clad beauty into the room: he smiled in agreement.
"You heard your mistress, slave. Bend over and taste her needy little kitten cunt." Marie twitched, a moan escaping her lips as the trigger sent a weak orgasm through her body. She squealed somewhat as Brianna obeyed, bending over and cupping the kitten's ass, dotting kisses over her thighs as she presented her rump to Mark.
""Can this black fuck slave feel your white cock in her Master?" she said, as he moved up behind her: pulling down the Lycra shorts, he found the panties beneath were thoroughly soaked. His slave girl had clearly not been joking about how needy she was. Sliding a finger into her pussy, he went to work undoing his belt as Brianna started lapping at Marie's cunt. For her part, the freckled kitten placed one hand on Brianna's head, using the other to fondle her own chest, eyes closing as she shuddered in bliss.
Brianna could feel master's fingers inside her pussy, and was barely able to stay still as he began to finger-fuck her. She'd been fantasizing about that white cock in her black belly since Melissa had been playing with her that morning, making her obey: fingering herself between clients hadn't helped, just driven her more and more horny. Did he know what an effect he had on her? The branding on her bones told her every single day she was just a black slave for her master, his obedient whore.
Belt undone, he freed his cock, rubbing his hard length over the lips of her pussy: Marie moaned in bliss again, legs shuddering, as the slave continued to fellate her cunt. "Good kitten. Cum for me, kitten, as this slave eats your pussy. You're a kitten with a pussy." Each repetition of the word send a increasingly stronger orgasms through her, pulling a scream of bliss from her lips.
"YESS! I'm your needy little kitten! Fuck.. Lick my pussy, slave! Lick it!" Pinching one of her own nipples, Marie pushed the slave's face deeper into her pussy, pushing up her hips until the slut's tongue was buried in her depths. She couldn't wait for master to take her! Mark was going to film her, she was sure of it, and show everyone what a filthy little pussy cat she was! What a slut she was for him! His cocksleeve!
Brianna could barely breathe, groping one of her own breasts, pulling them out of her top as she sucked and licked the kitten's pussy -- she could feel her slave-owner's white cock on her cunt lips, ready to use her needy black body like the dirty little race-traitor she was.
Mark teased Brianna, running his hands over her ass, her flanks, the slopes of her heaving chest. In turn, she pushed back against him, her ass bumping off his hips, her body doing all it could to get his cock inside her body. Her arousal was visibly building, so he kept teasing her as the moans of his two slaves grew in frequency and volume, until he couldn't take any more -- sliding into her soaking wet hole with a slow, steady thrust: that was the idea, anyway. The moment he entered her, Brianna shook, pushing herself back, impaling herself on his member with an eager neediness he had to indulge.
Brianna could feel her owner teasing her -- it was torture. The taste of Marie's pussy was filling her mouth, her juices coating her slave face as the redhead came again, grinding her cunt against her face. She was so fucking horny, and master was teasing her?! The moment his cock touched her entrance, she slid back, desperate for the feeling of that thick white cock in her slutty pussy as he started to fuck her.
Mark, on the other hand, was realising he'd not put any orgasm enhancements into his slave girl: that was something to correct immediately. "One moment, Kitten," he said, hammering into Brianna's cunt, lifting her up by her hair: Marie moaned, her leg as shaking as the triggered orgasm overwhelmed her. In her aroused state, the trigger was far more powerful, and she heard herself mewling in bliss.
Brianna, on the other hand, was not sure what her owner had planned: her momentary confusion in the pleasure she was feeling went away as he spoke. "Are you my black fuck whore?"
Instantly, her confusion, her thoughts, were all washed away in an intense rush of pleasure: the dominant need was to have his cock inside her. Achieved. To fuck that cock. Achieved. To obey what she was told by Mark. To soak it into her being.
Mark smiled as the command focused his lover on her pleasure, a scream of bliss escaping her lips as she pushed against his body, fucking back as he fucked her forward. He had triggered her for a reason, of course.
"Brianna. Whenever you obey any command given by myself or one of your sisters, feel a nonsexual pulse of pleasure. Whenever I call you a slave, you will cum. The more you feel like property, the harder and easier it will be for you to cum. If call you a race traitor, you will enter a state of continual, ever more powerful orgasms until you pass out. Each one of those orgasms will hammer into your head you are a black slut for a white man." Might as well play into her kinks.
Marie watched as Mark took control of Brianna with the words, seeing the slave whom had been eating her out so well become glassy-eyed with need, shaking and quivering as his commands sunk into her brain. It was so sexy, seeing the proof he owned them so completely. Maybe she could get him to program her some more? Pinching her unattended clit between her fingers, she shuddered in pleasure as the brands on her bones praised this line of thought. Further proof he was their superior, her owner.
Brianna, of course, convulsed, screaming in bliss as the most powerful orgasm of her life wracked her body -- for she knew she was his property in every way imaginable. He owned her mind, body, and soul. Her tits were his, her cunt was his, her ass was his. This knowledge was as much a part of her as her own name, fundamental truths of her being since that fateful meeting at the gym: with such a strong pillar to anchor this fresh knowledge to, she could cum as easily as breathing. Every muscle of her body seemed to vibrate, her needy cunt wrapping tightly around that white cock, pulling it into her body even as her legs collapsed: only Mark's hands on her hips kept her upright. Every thrust seemed to push the pleasure higher -- commands to make her cum seemed quite superfluous!
Mark hadn't quite expected that to happen, but he ran with it. Dropping to his knees, lowering her onto his dick so she was more sitting on it as her legs gave out, her body convulsing in bliss. His arm around her chest, groping those bouncy black tits, was damn near the only thing keeping her outright as she screamed herself hoarse, mindless babble escaping her lips as she grew painfully tight around him when her muscles spasmed: he hadn't expected a MILF like this could ever get so tight, practically vacuuming his dick into her, palpitating his member with each wave of bliss. It was an intense experience, and he felt the inevitable pleasure growing in his balls at the excessive stimulation, the exultant proof of how much she loved it.
Marie groaned in bliss as she pleasured herself, imagining herself in Brianna's position, being used by Mark, the camera rolling, streaming it to the world. Her friends, her family, seeing what a dirty little slut she was. She was so lucky!
Brianna was truly brainless in this moment: if you'd asked her right now, she wouldn't have been able to tell you her own name. The pleasure was too intense, driving her back to a basic animal state. Every orgasm seemed to pulse out from the branding on every single bone, rippling through her muscles, travelling along each blood vessel and spreading their message. She was his black slut whore slave toy. She was his property. She was cumming.
Mark tried counting backwards from a thousand, buying himself time: left hand drifting down from her heaving breasts, over her firm flat belly as it shook, sliding down one of her thighs and pulling it open, teasing the flesh there as she bounced up and down on him, her legs shaking in his grasp. Right hand preoccupied toying with her firm, D-cup tits as they shook like jelly, as her body was frantically bouncing up and down as she convulsed, multiple times her torso trying to pull forward as she screamed in bliss. Finally, he couldn't help himself, pushing up into her with his own fevered grunt, painting her black insides with his white cum.
The feeling drove Brianna into even more of a frenzy. She was being bred. It wouldn't take, not now, but it was proof of intent. She was a breeder for black-white babies, just like Lisa was. She could barely see as the blood rushed through her body, falling off her master's lap and curling into a quivering, shaking ball as the aftershocks continued for several more seconds.
As Brianna fell into a ball, his cum began dripping out with her abrupt departure to pool on the floor and coat her thighs. Mark himself fell back with a grunt, looking at Marie -- the redhead was eyeing his erect cock and licking her lips, feverishly fingering her own sopping cunt.
As Mark took the time to recover his energy and breath, watching the redhead cum as she played with herself, Brianna began her recitation.
"This Slave is your property. This fact makes It trivial for this slave to cum hard and often. This slave will feel a nonsexual pulse of pleasure when obeying you or one of her sister-slaves. This slave will cum when called a slave by you. When called a race traitor, this slave will enter a continual, ever more powerful state of orgasm that will enforce the fact she is a black slut for a white man," recited Brianna before blinking and sort of collapsing, her chest still heaving from the exertion, her body slick with sweat. "Fuck, master. I needed that."
He was rather sweaty himself, a fair bit of it transfer, the rest of it from the sheer heat of their bodies pressed together. "You are quite welcome, Brianna," he remarked. "Quick showers, then lunch?"
It had been a quick fuck -- maybe fifteen minutes all told. Brianna slowly nodded, a most satisfied smile on her face. "Gimme a minute?" Marie gave a sudden shuddering gasp as she came again, licking at her fingers as she looked at them both. "Fuck that was hot, master. Is the shower big enough for three?"
Mark shook his head -- pointing at the puddle that had escaped Brianna's pussy. "Lick that up, Kitten. Brianna? Go shower, while I discipline this kitty cat." Marie barely registered the words as the pleasure tore through her body, making herself mew for him. She was his sex kitten! His pet!
Reason beginning to return to function, she considered his command as she clambered off the sofa to the juices on the floor: master's cum. Brianna's cum. Those nervous, lusty butterflies began fluttering around in her belly as she looked at it the pool, risking a glance at Mark and his cum coated cock. Maybe she should start there, and work up to it?
She crawled onto the floor, moving on all fours -- that was fine: she was his kitten -- and stopped in front of him, leaning down in as catlike a manner s she could and lapping, just once, at that monstrous dick. "Mark... You're kitten loves you..." another lick, "and loves doing what she's told. But.. I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet?" Another lick, and she looked up at him with wide eyes. "It's... further than I want to go?"
Mark could hear that hint of nervousness in her questioning tone, uncertainty that denying him was alright: he smiled at her, reassuringly. "That's fine, kitten," proper behaviour should be rewarded, after all. "Clean my cock instead, like a good kitten."
Mark's smile eased her nervousness, and as Marie went to lick his dick once more, he said the word, and she shuddered as ecstasy rushed through her body: she was barely aware of his instruction, already sucking his schlong into her mouth as he used it AGAIN, moaning audibly as she sucked his cock. He took good care of his kittens!
Mark smiled as Marie shook with pleasure -- she certainly seemed to have a bit more practice at sucking cock, lapping at his balls, running her tongue along his length before sucking it into her mouth -- he wondered quite how deep she could take it. She was certainly keeping him hard -- he'd be setting up the scenario for her once Brianna had left, and this would ensure there were no more delays.
Pulling her off his dick he smiled at her. "Your turn in the shower, Marie," as he heard the bathroom door open: smiling, the redhead rose to her feet, brushing a quick kiss on his cheek before scampering off.
Brianna entered a moment later, smiling brightly -- he presumed amused by Marie's enthusiasm. She had a towel wrapped around her lush form, and padded on bare feet towards his form: he wrapped his arm around her, pulling her into a heated kiss.
Brianna felt refreshed and languorous, every muscle satisfied and replete, drained and happy, her skin washed free of the sweat and grime, just as ordered by her owner. Mark was everything she had desired, her master having given her exactly what she wanted. She could still feel his cum inside her, filling her insides, and remembering she was no longer on the implant sent a thrill through her body. She had the pills from Melissa to make sure -- she'd be pregnant with his children in a month or so.
Still, she fell happily into his arms when he embraced her, kissing her with such desire: she almost didn't want to go back to work. She was ready to put in her notice, of course, but would wait for master's command. She still had to pin down Phillipa, after all. Mark would be far better than her fiance!
Mark let her get dressed (Directing her to clean up her mess once she had done so), as he pulled up his trousers, moving to the kitchen to prepare lunch for the trio: he briefly wondered what Mel and Stacey were up to, but he was sure they'd tell him when they came over for dinner.
By the time he was done, returning with the food for himself an his lovers, Marie had returned: She was sitting on one of his towels, drying her hair, still quite naked and faintly wet. The warm smile he got from her upon his return was ever so slightly teasing, daring him to say something: he demurred.
Brianna, on the other hand, was once more dressed, and the pool of mingled cum was gone, with no sign of cleaning equipment having been used: the physical therapist looked quite happy, so he did not comment, just passing out the plates and moving to collect his own.
The pair of them were already eating as he returned to sit with them, and things were silent for a minute or so as they filled their bellies with the fuel they needed. Brianna was the first to break the comfortable silence.
"Master? Should I tender my resignation at the Gym? It would stop me showing Phillipa the video. She won't be back for another two weeks," she said, looking at him with warm eyes. "It would let me devote my time to you and my sisters."
Marie frowned a little. "She on holiday?" she asked, before Mark could, as he looked between them both: Brianna nodded.
"Yes, with her Fiance. He proposed yesterday." From her tone, this wasn't a good thing: it did, however, make Mark reassess.
"Forget about showing Phillipa the video, Brianna. You should put in your notice -- but aim to finish at the end of next week, once we have the money?" he said since no, he was not going to break another couple up. He'd done it to Melissa by accident, and... realised he didn't know about the others. Marie, he knew, would have lost any relationship because of Jeff. But the others?
It may be a bit cowardly, but he resolved not to ask: the same precautions they were taking to hide from erotic toys would also hide them from any angry boyfriends. None of them were married, or had any engagement rings, at least. At least going by what her room mate had said, Julie had been single? Thinking of that room mate... yes, he'd ask Julie about her.
They talked about small things for the rest of the meal -- they were all pretty hungry -- and soon the time came for Brianna to depart, there being just enough time to make it back to the gym: they shared a heated kiss at the door. "I'll see you again tomorrow, my love." His words brought a happy smile to her face. "Self defence class? And on Friday, remember.. I want you, Lisa, and Nicole here for the weekend."
Brianna nodded. "I remember, master. I will speak to Nicole's parents. You.. You might want to make something so they are not going to create a fuss when she moves in with us? They are very... devout."
Mark interpreted that to mean they thought Nicole was a virgin and would stay that way until her wedding day, and nodded. "I'll have a think about it. Stay safe, my love." Another brief kiss, and she was gone: Mark strode back into the main room, gazing at his naughty, naked redhead with a smile.
"I'm going to grab my shower, finally. While I'm gone, Marie -- because I'm sure you know how -- set up the camera and lighting gear in the bedroom: I'll handle what they go into. But set them up."
Marie felt her eyes light up at the idea: she knew it! Master was going to film her! Make her his little porn star! Those butterflies started up again, dancing with glee as she set the gear up as instructed: it was easy, she just seemed to know how it went together! Clearly proof she was born for this.
It was a quick shower, mostly to wash the sweat off and give him time to think -- he even tried a little meditation as the hot water flowed over his form. It was obvious, if he thought about it, that his push for a harem was implanted by the damn video. This was not something he could prove, obviously, due to how the conditioning worked: it felt completely natural, and he couldn't remember wanting anything else. So?
Looking back on how he'd acted with Mel, Amy, Monique, Julie and Stacey... Even Brianna to a degree... he'd given no thought to existing relationships. Well... he was perhaps being too hard with himself including Mel on that list: they'd both been exposed at the same time, they hadn't thought it would actually work.
There was nothing in the video specifying how large a harem he should make -- he wasn't quite sure why his subconscious had decided on 'ten', but surely what he had sufficed? Then there was Fiona and Zania... Part of him was saying he should make them his, with the simple logic that the other two options were to leave them to the mercies of the company, or have them blow his cover: even what he'd done to Jeff, in retrospect, hadn't been the smartest of ideas. After all -- if accusations of rape, sexual assault, reached the police, they'd want to talk to Marie, wouldn't they? Might make the papers.
Until he knew precisely how much reach they had -- he could well be making a mountain out of a molehill! - he had to assume the worst case. That they would have recruiters, if not recruits, looking for signs they were being investigated. Have unwitting, unknowing gents in various agencies, to watch for any such a thing and scupper it if ordered. It's how he would do it.
He had to admit to himself, thinking on what he knew of their organisation, that he could probably have done a better job than they did. But still -- best not to assume what he saw was everything. Overprep was better than underestimating them, and outside the slavery ring, he had no evidence one way or the other to know where else or how else they were using the video -- look at what he could do with it, after all! Not to mention...
He recalled realising that some of the women pictured in the testimonials, he'd seen in some porn videos. Didn't that imply they had control over a porn studio as well? Or at least links there. Would logically follow from running a camgirl site -- and it could just be as simple as someone in the porn industry was just buying brainwashed slaves from them. There was a cheery thought: what could he do about it?
Why he had to do anything about it was the question. After all, breaking contact so they couldn't be found should be enough. No, he didn't like the idea of these women being sold. Ethically, the notion of slavery -- outside play -- disgusted him. Did he need to do more?
He thought he did, as someone who believed in democracy. What he'd done to raise funds was bad enough. But what would happen the first time a political party used this method in a campaign ad, to change party affiliations, and take control of the vote? He'd joked to himself about using the method to become president before, after all. Sooner or later someone would. Dictator for life, with a harem made up of all the most attractive women in the country. Someone would, sooner or later -- would you trust a politician with this power? Really, he could barely trust himself!
He could rationalize using his own videos on Fiona and Zania to keep them safe, to keep him safe, while he figured out a solution. But... did he need any more?
------------------------------
Across the building hall, in Melissa's apartment, we find Mel and Stacey seated at her computer, looking at pictures of women. Extremely attractive women -- to be precise, portfolios of a modelling agency Melissa had had previous interactions with. Specifically, she'd modelled through them herself while studying, to help pay for her degree: she remained on good terms with the management, and still dealt with them now and then for certain commercials she was involved in. It was not uncommon for the director to tell her what he had planned to happen so the jingle would fit, after all, and being able to recommend people that might fit was always helpful at making her look good.
Quite a few of her associates there wanted to segue into acting, after all. So why shouldn't she do them a solid? Now she had an opportunity for them that was even better! It would practically be wrong of her not to make them an offer they couldn't refuse.
Melissa liked being part of a harem, after all, and Stacey had been programmed to love the thought of master owning more and more women. Now that Melissa had a copy of Mark's video, acquired by the simple measure of giving Brianna the order to hand it over, all that remained was deciding who else they wanted as a sisters.
Marie and Julie had been on board with the idea after their conversation the night before: Julie, of course, had been given the same forgotten instruction by Mark, and Marie had a deeply kinky streak that she was just starting to explore. Besides, she loved her sisters: why wouldn't she support such an excellent idea? She already had other candidates she knew of she'd scouted out for Jeff -- she was going to see about arranging meetings with them for the harem to look at. Every woman deserved to experience that colossal cock, as far as she was concerned. None of them were jealous of it, after all: Mark had ensured none of them would feel jealousy ever again.
Melissa had spoken with Amy and Monique while Mark was in the shower, and the pair would have a think about any women at college who might be suitable: Much like Julie, the college girls wanted to watch Mark conquer more, precisely as programmed.
The general idea was for each to gather candidates, and then meet to collectively decide on who should join them. It was more than just a matter of their attractiveness -- were they single? Would they bring in useful skills? Were they personable? Suitably subby? Once they'd decided who, invite them over, use the video on them, and then give them to Mark -- he'd been so good to them, after all, and was taking excellent care of them. Why shouldn't they give him a gift? He'd certainly be a gift to their new sisters, it was universally agreed.
-------------------
Letting his worries get washed away by the water, his thoughts settling as he dried himself off, Mark returned to the present. He loved his women with all his heart -- each and every one was gorgeous and kinky, and it was time to help Marie explore her desires. He had some plans for this, so with the towel around his waist -- there wasn't much point in getting dressed -- he fetched his actual laptop and padded into the bedroom barefoot, to see the product of Marie's work.
Marie had, as it happened, had not taken long at all to set up the lighting equipment, the camera for the best angle on the bed. Really, they needed more cameras -- This one was at an angle to the bed, but they wanted one above, and one to each side as well!
Since Mark seemed to have been taking a longer shower, she sent some texts to her friends -- the ones that looked like good recruits. Lunch the next day? After all, Mark had work, so she would be with Mel. A lovely opportunity to take some pictures!
When Mark entered his room, the scent of sex was pungent -- not from Marie, although the naked redhead was on his bed and quite aroused: he'd been having a lot of sex of late, and his bedding needed washed. Casting a warm smile at Marie, he moved towards the window to open it.
"I could just pin you against the glass, you know. Let your screams of bliss echo onto the street..." Conscious of Marie's eyes roaming over his body, he walked over to where he'd set up the laptop, plugging the camera in and installing the drivers -- the actual drivers, not the ones provided by Erotic Toys. "But I thought we'd start by recording you."
Marie had been right! She was going to be his little porn slut! Maybe he'd post them online once they were safe? They could make money off her needy, pregnant self! She knew she'd be begging for another the moment she gave birth, after all. Maybe those pills from Melissa would help? She couldn't wait to start taking them.
The drivers he'd found installed without any fuss, and he gestured to her. "Come. Sit on the edge of the bed, and tell the camera your first name and how old you are. So that everyone knows just who is in my bed today."
Her eyes went wide for a moment before she crawled across the bed, sliding her legs over the edge to face the camera on it's mount. Settling her hands in her lap, she looked right into the lens as she spoke. "My name is Marie, and I'm twenty-three as of last month." The butterflies were swarming throughout her body! She was so excited!
Rising, Mark let his gaze roam over her nubile body, her full, firm breasts: moving to sit behind her, he rested his hands on her shoulders, gently gliding his fingers along and down her arms. "Are you on birth control, Marie?" he asked softly, just loud enough for the mic to pick it up.
"No, master," she replied a little breathlessly: he was touching her and she could feel the pleasure flowing through her skin, into her spine, and down to between her thighs.
"Good girl. Who owns you, Marie, and what do you want them to do to you? Tell everyone at home what you need."
He could feel her shiver at his words, as he slid his fingertips over her belly, drawing little circles up towards her breasts: his arms around her, the heat of her body felt against his chest.
Oh god oh god, those butterflies were having a party down there! Marie was so excited, so happy, feeling her pleasure building as his fingers roamed over her flesh, the brand on her bones pulsing with party lights! It would be obvious to anyone looking what the answer was! And everyone would be looking! God, what was it going to be like when he was on her tits?!
"You own me, Mark. I want you to choke me. To fuck me. To make me a mother. I need your massive cock inside me." Even Marie could hear the lust, the need in her voice -- she could imagine her sister watching this! Seeing what a slut her younger sibling was!
"Is that so?" Mark said, projecting as much sultry confidence as he could, his fingers reaching the underside of her breasts and gently, teasingly circling inwards. "What does that make you, Marie?"
"Your slave. Your filthy kitten. Your cocksleeve. Your slut." Marie practically gasped the words. She felt so dirty, so horny, so needy! What would her parents think, hearing such things coming out her mouth with such brutal honesty?! Seeing her owner teasing her kitten titties?!
Mark's hands began circling her tits, finger a light teasing touch spiralling in towards her nipples: he could feel her squirming between his arms, and was getting incredibly hard himself. "Yes you are. And you need to have your fertile little cunt wrapped around my cock. Don't you, cocksleeve?"
Marie could only bring herself to nod. "Please, Master..." shivering with desire, she leaned back against her owner's chest, tilting her head back to feel his breath against her neck. "Use your needy slut." Her bones were singing the paean of ownership, birthing more joy and happiness as she admitted what she was to the camera. Who she belonged to.
Mark could feel the heat of her body as she rubbed it against him, her ass against his dick, and couldn't wait much longer. Arms sliding down to her waist, he pulled her back onto the bed, bending her over. She squealed in desire, moaning in need as he forced her onto hands and knees, facing the camera, his cock between her spread legs. "Is this what you need, slut? Deep inside your slutty little body?"
"Please!" Marie replied, rocking back against him: it was so close! So big! She could feel that massive cock rubbing over her soaked slit, and was bombarded with memories of how good it felt inside her! She needed it raw and unprotected! "Fuck your baby into my belly!" It felt like the right thing to say -- and was rewarded almost immediately.
As she spoke, Mark could feel how wet and soaked she was: belatedly he recalled programming her to feel intense arousal and orgasm enhancement from his touch. Even as he lined himself up, he thought he should probably make a video to enhance his recall of exactly what he'd commanded them all to do, to keep track of his commands since he was starting to lose track -- and then all that mattered was hammering into her soaked, hot, tight cunt. It wrapped around his dick like a blanket as he slid inside her depths. Smooth as silk he slid his full length inside her, pulling out out to just the tip remaining within her, setting up a slow, deep rhythm that sent tidal waves through her body.
Marie moaned aloud as she felt that colossal cock filling her insides. It remained the biggest cock she'd ever seen or dealt with, and she had never felt anything so good! God, it felt like she was going to cum just from having it in her! She knew without a doubt that once she started, she would not be able to stop, and tried her best to control herself as he tortured her so! All the way in, then all the way out.. hammering into her, then slowly withdrawn... the feel of his hands on her breasts, squeezing and stroking them, pinching her nipples! All of it on film for anyone to see! See what a needy little slut she was for him!
Mark enjoyed Marie's firm, full breasts as he slowly built up speed and force, bouncing off her firm athletic ass, her smooth skin beneath his hands. As he accelerated, he left his left hand on her chest, raising his right arm into a bar around her throat: using it to pull her torso upright and against him, he started fucking her hard and fast, driving up into her nubile flesh as he choked her. Growling in her ear, "This is what you need. Isn't it, Marie? Proof you're my mewling little cocksleeve. A slut for me to fuck."
Marie could barely respond, letting out a guttural moan as her owner fucked her, his cock bouncing off her G-spot as he choked her! She Could. Not. Stop! She was going to cum as he ripped her in half with that massive schlong! Everyone would see why she was addicted to his mighty cock!
As he hammered into his freckled kitten, being careful to release the pressure on her throat at regular intervals to ensure she didn't pass out (the focus on that helped keep control) Mark noticed immediately when Marie lost control and began to cum. It wasn't like she was subtle: she rammed herself back on his cock as her pussy tightened around him, her whole body beginning to shudder and shake as her programming took hold.
He built up his pace, hammering into her from behind in pace with her as ever more powerful waves of pleasure filled his beloved redhead. Releasing her throat so both hands could roam over her flesh. The right remained on her breasts, stroking and groping her, while his right slid between her thighs, toying with her clit as he used her perfect body.
The intense waves of pleasure were like tidal forces, hammering away at her mind and body. Marie felt adrift in the tides of arousal and lust, knowing that she was just his brainless pet. Screaming out her lungs as he used her body, as the tidal waves washed her sense of self away. She was just his cocksleeve, now! A living, breathing receptacle for her owner's cum! Just a mindless beast cumming on her owner's cock!
Mark could feel he was close, sliding out of Marie as she shook with pleasure, flipping her onto her back before sliding back within her molten depths. The reaction was expected, so as the athletic redhead wrapped her legs around his waist, letting him feel her tender flesh all around him as he drove into her soaked cunt, he leaned in to whisper in her ear, her breasts pressed against his chest.
"Good kitten. Cum for me as I cum inside your fertile little pussy. Show everyone what a needy little kitten you are." The words in her ear drove the animal Marie had become into an even louder, more intense frenzy, triggering more explosions in her clit. He was so deep inside her! She could practically feel him in her womb!
Screaming herself hoarse, Marie came over and over, just as commanded, until Mark couldn't take any more, driving into her body and pumping one, two, three, four ropes of cum into her depths as he pulled her gorgeous body against him.
Marie couldn't see, could do nothing but moan in bliss as she felt her owner marking her insides! She'd be a Mommy soon enough! His pregnant kitten! It Felt! So! Good!
Even as Mark slid out of her depths, his red-headed kitten continued to shake and moan incoherently for a good few minutes afterwards. finally lapsing into unconsciousness by the end. Even as his cum started to leak out of her swollen pussy, she was unresponsive: leaning in with a touch of concern, he pulled her into his arms, checking her heart rate -- it was slowing as her chest heaved in a most amusing way for air. She slowly stirred awake a few seconds later, wrapping her arms around him, just curling up against him, not saying a word: a blissful smile on her face as she curled up against him. Fucked senseless, it seemed, and drifting back into the land of nod.
With a beautiful woman he loved in his arms, and a warm comfortable bed, it wasn't long until Mark entered the land of nod alongside her, both of them falling into a nap.
------------------------
And because I am a cruel, cruel man - i'll let you ponder if one of Marie's four 'candidates' is her older sister. :)