Family members take turns being voyeurs & exhibitionists.
^^^
"Honey, can you bring me a towel? I'm filthy and soaking wet. I can't come into the house like this," I hollered through the backyard sliding screen door.
I stood on the concrete patio as I stripped off my clothes and waited for my twenty-two-year-old wife to appear. Yesterday, a truckload of mulch had been delivered to the house and, of course, they'd dropped it on the driveway. We were having people over so I got up early on this rainy summer Saturday morning to clear a path so our visitors could get to our front door.
When I began this project, the temperature was sixty-five degrees and the rain was light and intermittent. It changed to torrents which soaked me to the bone. Due to the rain and the shredded garden material, I was a mess.
When I was naked, I sprayed my dirty body with the hose and called my wife again, "Simone, can you bring me a towel?" The temperature had risen to seventy degrees, and I was hot and sweaty from spreading mulch. The cold water from the hose felt good. It was too cool for my balls they contract, snuggling up against my body for warmth.
I was spraying my left foot when I heard the rattling sound of the screen running on its track. I looked up and saw an outstretched arm offering me a towel. Behind it, I saw a pair of amused green eyes looking up and down my nude body. A wide smile broke out on her face.
I babbled, "Ah. Ah. Ah." I was too shocked to move and stood for what seemed to be an excruciatingly long time naked in front of my mother-in-law before I took the towel and croaked, "Thanks, Mrs. Marchand."
"Brent, call me Yvette. We're family now."
She laughed and much to my dismay didn't appear to be in a hurry to leave. She leaned against the door frame, her eyes continued to scan my body as she said, "My goodness! You're wet. You look like a drowned rat."
I stood under a small canopy and rubbed my wet hair and body with the towel. I felt her eyes on me. I swear I saw her staring at my junk as she said, "You're handsome and very fit. How old are you?"
"I just turned twenty-four."
"Mmm. Mmm. Mmm," she hummed while smiling and shaking her head from side-to-side. "I agree with the great Irish playwright, George Bernard Shaw, who once said, 'Youth is the most beautiful thing in the world.' My daughter is a lucky woman to be able to crawl into bed with you every night."
She stayed and chatted as I dried my body. She explained that she'd come over to help Simone get ready for the party and that my wife had run to the store to get some items leaving her to vacuum and tidy up.
I'm sure my face was red. I was embarrassed and turned my back to her as I dried the front of my body. I flung the towel around my shoulders and pulled it back and forth sawing it across my back.
"Here. Let me help," she said. She stepped out onto the patio, grabbed the soft, absorbent cloth, and dried my back. She brought it down to my bum, and I felt her fingers knead my flesh through the towel.
This action woke my penis. When she first saw me naked, my dick was a small appendage. My diminished size was reinforced by my sense of embarrassment at being naked in front of my wife's mother, but now that Yvette had massaged my back and buttocks, my cock came to life. It stretched and swelled.
"Ah. Ah. Ah," I stammered, even more embarrassed than before. "Thanks for your help. I can handle the rest."
"Okay," she said as she pressed the towel against my ass. She leaned forward, brazenly looked at my erection, and grunted, "Hmm."
I reached back, grasped the towel, and quickly brought the cloth to my groin. I covered my erection, but I couldn't hide it.
She strolled to the edge of the patio, looked out on the backyard, and said matter-of-factly, "You've done a lot of work on the yard. The fence was a good idea. It gives you privacy and will be helpful when you have kids or get a dog."
She turned and faced me. I had both hands and the towel over my erect cock. She looked at my groin, and then up at my face. She smiled and said, "You're a good man, Brent." She brushed past me and went inside.
I wrapped the towel around my waist and hurried to my room. I thought about what'd happened, how embarrassed I was, and how cool, calm, and collected my mother-in-law had been.
"Dude, she saw you naked! You got hard and she saw it!" I said out loud.
My breaths were short and shallow, I was light-headed, and felt nauseous as I paced the room. It took time, effort, and many deep breaths to calm down. I needed to shave, shower, and get dressed before my wife got home.
I tightened the towel around my waist and went into the hall to get to the bathroom. I closed the door and shaved before hopping into the shower. I was shampooing my hair when I heard the toilet seat clank against the porcelain body and the unmistakable hissing sound of a woman peeing.
I called out, "Simone?"
"No, it's me," Yvette said. "Sorry, I couldn't wait."
"Oh, no worries," I responded.
My heart raced and my stomach tightened. I heard the toilet paper roll rattle as it spun. Through the opaque shower curtain, I saw a shadowy figure dab between her legs and then heard the commode flush. She didn't rise immediately. Instead, she spread her knees, reached between her legs, and moaned. She did this for, I don't know, maybe sixty seconds. She moaned a couple more times. Is she masturbating? This is unbelievable!
My dick became as hard as a rock.
She stood, pulled up her panties, smoothed her skirt, and washed her hands at the sink. She stepped toward the door, paused, and looked at me through the gap in the curtain. She smiled, glanced at my erection, looked me in the eye, and gave me a wink. She announced, "Two for me. Zero for you."
She left the room before I could respond. I was stunned and confused. I wondered, "Is this some kind of game?"
^^^
Friends and families came to our house that night for a party to celebrate my wife's grandmother's seventieth birthday. It was a festive affair with lots of food and drink.
Midway through the party, I was sitting on the sofa drinking a beer and talking football with my next-door neighbor, Bill. I noticed I'd lost his attention. He was staring across the room.
"Bill, what's more interesting than talking about the Patriots?"
"Huh?" he grunted and then said, "I was looking at your mother-in-law. That's one fine looking woman. She has sparkling green eyes and a great figure. She looks hot in that green, off-the-shoulder, cocktail dress. How old is she?"
"Forty-five."
Yvette approached us with a tray of hors d'oeuvres and asked, "Gents, can I interest you in a snack? I have crab-stuffed mushroom caps and asparagus wrapped in prosciutto."
She squatted in front of Bill, keeping her shoulders back so he couldn't see down her dress, and offered him the tray.
"Thanks. I love mushrooms," he said as he grabbed a napkin and took three of the tasty morsels.
She turned her body toward me so her knees pointed at me. She smiled and asked, "How about you? See anything you like?"
As she said the second part, she spread her knees. This caused her skirt to ride up her tanned thighs and allowed me to view her crotch. Holy smoke! She wasn't wearing any underwear! She was bare down there and I saw her pussy!
I was stunned speechless. She held that position for only a few seconds, but the image was burned into my brain. Her labia majora were flush with her groin. Her labia minora were a dark pink/light brown color, fleshy, and sprouted out of her vagina like flower petals straining to be in the sun.
Her pussy was very similar to her daughter's except that Simone's inner lips are lighter in color and her clitoris is larger. It embarrasses my wife that her clit is so prominent as if she is constantly aroused.
Only later did I realize how well-timed and stealthy Yvette was as she flashed me. She made sure that I, and only I, could see her pussy. The sofa was against a wall and there was a five-foot-tall ficus tree by my end of the couch in the corner of the room. Her back was to the room and the guests had no idea what was going on and Bill, although he was beside me, didn't know what was happening. She blocked his view with the large serving tray.
Her mission accomplished, Yvette stood and mingled with the others talking, smiling, and offering them hors d'oeuvre as if nothing unusual had happened. Only she and I knew that she'd purposefully shown her pussy to her son-in-law.
I was too preoccupied to enjoy the party or engage with the guests. My eyes followed Yvette. An hour later, I saw my chance to talk to her alone when she went outside. I followed.
She was smoking a cigarette while gazing at the moon. She blew the smoke out of her lungs and said without turning towards me, "The score is now two to one in my favor. It could be tied, but you refused to look at me as I masturbated on the toilet."
I rushed closer to her and whispered, "I don't understand. What's going on?"
She laughed heartily, dropped her cigarette on the concrete patio, and crushed it with the toe of her high heel shoe. She looked at me and said, "This morning, I accidentally saw you naked here on this patio and you became aroused."
"Yes, but..." She stared at me with calm, steely eyes. My protest died on my lips because I couldn't think of anything to say in my defense.
She reached out and touched my wrist and said, "It's okay. I'm not complaining or accusing you of some nefarious action. I'm just stating what happened. I'm sure you've heard of voyeurs and exhibitionists."
I nodded.
"I am both." Her confession surprised me. Unconsciously my eyes widened and my eyebrows shot up.
She laughed gently and said, "If you could see the expression on your face! You'd think I admitted to being a necrophiliac. Let me tell you a story."
Before she commenced, she turned away from me, lit another cigarette, and gazed into the night sky. She exhaled a puff of smoke and told her tale to me and the stars.
"You may know or have guessed from our names that my husband and I are of French descent. We were born in the United States and have lived here all our lives. We have relatives in France and we travel there often.
"A year after I married Armand, we visited his grandparents, Pierre and Camille. They were a well-to-do, urbane couple in their sixties. He was witty and debonair. She was an attractive, elegant woman. My husband's sister, Adele, and her husband were visiting at the same time.
"We stayed with them at their country house in the south of France. I don't know if the flight messed with my biological clock or if it was because I was pregnant with my first child, but I had terrible jet lag. I couldn't adjust to the local time. The first morning there, I was awake at four a.m.
"I tossed and turned for an hour, gave up, and got out of bed leaving my snoring husband behind. I used the bathroom and went into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee. I was startled to discover my host there standing in the nude.
"Pierre smiled and said, 'Good morning. Coffee?' I nodded and tightened the tie on my robe. He noticed my discomfort, chuckled, and asked, 'Milk? Sugar?' I nodded nervously and watched him fix me a cup. He brought it to me as I stared at his flaccid, bouncing, uncircumcised penis.
"He handed me the cup and said, 'I apologize. I see my naked body disturbs you. I'm an early riser, up most mornings before dawn. I'm used to having the house to myself so my lack of clothing isn't an issue. I'll get dressed and leave you to enjoy a more beautiful sight, the coming sunrise.'"
"My stomach was in knots. My heart was palpitating. My hands shook so much I couldn't safely drink my coffee. I placed it on the counter and took a deep breath.
"The others eventually came into the kitchen for breakfast. After our meal and coffee, we went for a walk around the property. We had lunch and the plan was for Camille to take the visitors into town for a couple of hours of shopping and sight-seeing. Pierre had business matters to attend to and skipped the trip. He retired to his home office.
"At the last minute, I begged off because my jet lag kicked in. I was exhausted and went to bed.
"I woke ninety minutes later and went outside to the pool just in time to see Pierre execute a perfect swan dive into the pool au naturel. He bounced on the springboard with his hands above his head. The board threw him into the air, his arms gracefully swept to the side and then in front of him as he entered the water, nearly vertical and with only a small splash.
He swam the length of the pool and back, swiped the wet hair from his face, and addressed me as he hung on the side of the pool.
"'Ah. I see you're up. Feeling better? Flying can be rough.' He scrambled out of the pool with no hint of embarrassment. I saw his soggy genitals swaying as he walked to a lounge chair, picked up a towel, and wiped his face.
"'Ah. Ah,' I stammered. I was gobsmacked at seeing him naked again. I regained my composure and said, 'Ah. Yes, I feel better.'
"He replied, 'Good. Care for a swim?' The sexagenarian dabbed his chest with the towel and then used it to jostle his genitals. He dropped the towel on the lounger which exposed his erection. I felt my face flush, my stomach did a flip, and I stared at his engorged organ as if I was some innocent schoolgirl who'd never seen a hard cock.
"I was saved from the situation by the arrival of the others. We heard the front door close and their lively conversation. Pierre wrapped the towel around his waist and left. I stayed put staring off into the distance.
"My husband, Armand, saw me, came outside, and greeted me with a kiss. He asked if I was feeling better and took me to our room to show me what he'd bought. I didn't tell him about my encounters with his grandfather.
"He'd bought me a dress and insisted I try it on. I undressed to my bra and panties and paused when we heard sounds coming from the master bedroom next door. The bedsprings were creaking and the headboard rhythmically banged against the wall.
"'Oh my God!' my husband said with a big grin on his face. 'The old folks are having sex!' Seconds later, we heard the same sounds coming through the wall on the other side of the room. I giggled and remarked that those sounds were coming from his sister's room. Armand embraced me. His hard cock pressed into my stomach as he kissed me and said, 'Looks like dinner will be delayed tonight.'
He stripped me, got undressed, and ravished me. The sounds of our lovemaking joined with the others. It was bizarre and erotic. I screamed as I orgasmed, picturing Pierre on top of me with his large tool inside me. I heard the others cried out in ecstasy.
"I bumped into my sister-in-law in the hall as we were headed to the bathroom. I blushed. She giggled. We shared the room. At dinner that night no mention was made of the late afternoon trysts.
"That night before I went to bed, I took a shower. I stood naked in front of the mirror appraising myself. I was six-weeks pregnant, and I rubbed my still flat belly. I wouldn't have an obvious baby bump for many weeks. My boobs had already changed. They were larger, fuller, and heavier. My pregnancy hormones made my areolas larger and darker. This made my nipples more conspicuous because of the stark contrast with my alabaster skin.
"There was a noise in the hall, the bathroom door unlocked and swung open. Pierre stepped inside and smiled at me as he brandished a key. I asked him in a hushed voice, what he was doing as I covered my naked body with my hands and stepped back.
"He told me not to be afraid, that it was part ofThe Game. He opened his robe and exposed his tanned body and erect penis. He asked, 'You are a voyeur, yes? I thought our encounter this morning in the kitchen was an accident, but when you came outside to the pool to see me naked, I realized this American beauty she playsThe Game. I am a voyeur and an exhibitionist. How about you? Will you show me your lovely, young body?'
"Get out! Someone will catch us," I said, more embarrassed than angry. My body trembled. I'm sure my face was red. He smiled and said, 'That is what makes our game so exciting. The possibility of being caught. Please lower your hands. Let me see your treasures. I will not touch you. I only look and expose myself. I never take things further.'
He stepped back and leaned against the door. I realized that I wasn't scared of him or his cock. I was scared of being caught by his wife or my husband. All my senses were heightened. I'd never felt so alive. I wanted him to see me so I dropped my arms, thrust out my chest, and spread my legs. I felt powerful and sexy.
"The charming man beamed and stared at me with open admiration. He studied my naked body. Back then, I had pronounced tan lines because I never had the nerve to sunbathe nude.
"Pierre sighed and told me how beautiful I was. He grabbed his dick and stroked it as his eyes devoured my body. I'm not sure how long we stood there, but it was exhilarating. My heart was pounding, my pussy got wet, and I could feel the blood coursing through my veins.
"He spat on his hand and stroked faster. He grunted, squeezed the tip of his dick, and lurched to the sink, shooting his load into it. He gasped, rested, looked at me, and said thank you.
"Then he tied his robe closed and said, 'The Gameis fun, yes? The score is two to one. You've caught me naked twice and I have seen you once. Good night.' He turned and left.
"I went to the sink, looked at his cum, and washed it down the drain as I said, 'I made him do that. I like this game.' I touched my wet pussy, rubbed my hard clit, and moaned. I wanted sex and I wanted it now, so I opened the door and marched naked to my room.
"My husband was in the bedroom, he smiled, and said, 'How European of you returning from your shower in the nude.' I pounced on him, kissed him hungrily, and grabbed his cock. He quickly got hard, I mounted him and rode him vigorously to satisfy the urge that Pierre awoke within me.
"Pierre and I continued to play the game. We flashed each other and caught one another in states of undress. We never had sex or kissed on the lips. We had a ball and our spouses benefitted. Pierre told me that because of me, he had sex with his wife everyday.The Gameexcited me, increased my libido, and my darling husband never had so much pussy."
Yvette turned her head, looked me in the eye, and said, "I am an exhibitionist and a voyeur. I'd be glad to playThe Gamewith you as long as you realize that we will never have sex of any kind. Do you want to play?"
She had her back to the house where dozens of party-goers were. I stepped in front of her, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my dick. Her body blocked the view of everyone inside. I said nothing as I stroked my penis to a full erection. She smiled broadly and lifted the front of her dress so I could see her pussy.
We were lost inThe Game. The spell was broken when we heard my wife call out, "There you are, Brent. I've been looking everywhere for you."
I frantically shoved my penis back into my pants. Yvette calmly let her skirt fall back into place and acted as my shield blocking my wife's view until I was presentable. Then she turned, smiled, and greeted her daughter.
"Sorry, Simone. I have been enjoying your husband immensely and I couldn't bear to let him go."
We went inside and joined the party. My heart was beating a million times a minute. For the rest of the party, I was at my wife's side. My mind was elsewhere as Yvette and I made eye contact and shared secret smiles from across the room.
When the party ended and Simone and I had shown the last guest out the door, I scooped her in my arms and kissed her fervently. She giggled and said, "Woah. What's going on?"
"I'm taking my beautiful wife to our bedroom and making love to her."
"But the house is a mess. We need to clean up."
"I'll do that in the morning. I have more important matters to attend to."
"I like the sound of that," my wife purred. We kissed again, I carried her to the bedroom, and hurriedly undressed us. My mouth kissed her red lips, sucked her luscious breasts, and licked her tangy pussy. I got her wet and hot and slammed my cock inside her.
"Oh! Wow!" she cried.
"Too rough?" I asked, concerned about the animalistic way I'd penetrated her.
"No. It's all good," she answered. She giggled and added, "Your cock is bigger and firmer than normal. It looks like someone really enjoyed Granny Marie's party."
I, too, felt that my dick was bigger than usual. I railed my wife with a rock hard penis thanks to the game her mother and I played. I watched her face contort, felt her pussy convulse, and heard her orgasmic cry as my dick pounded her pussy.
"Ohhhh!" I screamed as I thrust deep inside her and came. In my mind's eyes, I saw Yvette's sparkling green eyes and her mischievous smile as I collapsed on top of her quaking daughter.
^^^
Yvette and I playedThe Gamefor thirty years. Laying in her hospital bed, at the end of her years, she flashed a saggy boob at me when her daughter went to get her a tissue.
She declared, "I win the game!"
I laughed and said, "Yes. You win. Thanks for playing."
She passed that night in her sleep. What a wonderful, fun-loving and free spirit she was. A man couldn't have asked for a better mother-in-law. I miss her.
^^^
After Yvette introduced me toThe Game, I played it with others. Most of the time, it was single encounters where I showed my penis to unsuspecting women who gasped and blushed but didn't reciprocate by exposing their bodies.
I developed a repeatable scheme that brought me excellent results. There are no ocean beaches near us. We who live in non-coastal states make do with lakes, rivers, and old quarries when the summer's heat and humidity are too much.
The first time I used my new plan I went to a state park known for its dense forest and beautiful river. The best spots are easily accessible because the state built roads, bathrooms, parking lots, and playgrounds. It's not uncommon to see whole families enjoying these gorges, basins, and pools for swimming.
Teens who want to play and party without adult supervision use more secluded spots. A third option is an out-of-the-way swimming hole near the state university that college students frequent.
I chose the third option. I parked at the college and walked through the woods to a clearing where a meandering river eroded the outside edge of the bank and made a nice, calm, deep pool for swimming.
I gave this expedition some thought and decided I should develop an alter ego to hide my identity. Today, I was a foreign exchange student from Denmark. I figured that if things went badly I could blame it on cultural differences, my poor grasp of English, and a lack of knowledge concerning local laws.
I tried to look the part of a European male. I mussed my hair and wore a pair of basic, black glasses with square lenses that screamed functional, not fashionable. To complete the look, I wore a red shirt with the word Denmark printed on it.
Even though it was a bright, warm, sunny day, the area was not too crowded. I selected a spot two-thirds of the way back and off to one side. I was near some couples, one large, mixed group, and a quartet of young women who shared a large blanket. As I expected, everyone here was over eighteen and was probably from the university.
I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. I put my knapsack down, kicked off my shoes, and removed my shirt, pants, and underwear. I stood there in the nude.
The people that noticed gasped, laughed, giggled nervously or pointed. That caused more people to notice which was exactly what I'd hoped would happen. I enjoyed being the center of attention. I gazed out at the water as if I was oblivious to the commotion around me.
An attractive, blonde female near me said, "Uhmm...what are you doing?"
"I am enjoying the sun and the breeze," I answered, speaking with what I hoped sounded like a Danish accent. I spoke slowly, selecting every word carefully because I wanted them to believe that English wasn't my native tongue.
She looked at my dick, my completely tan physique, and said, "Where are you from?" Everyone around us was listening to our conversation and looking at me. My heart raced as my dick swelled.
"I am Anton. I am from Denmark. I am here to study physics."
"Well, Anton, being nude in public is illegal in the United States. If the campus cops see you, they'll arrest you."
"Oh," I said pretending to be embarrassed. I reached into my knapsack, pulled out a bathing suit, and took my time slipping it on. I said to the people near me, "In Denmark, being naked at beach is not illegal as long as you not harass others. I am sorry if penis offends you. It is warm and beautiful, sunny day I forget the laws are different here.
"Do you know how lucky you are?" I asked. "In Copenhagen, it rains 170 days per year. In the winter, we get minimal sunshine. The sun sets at three o'clock."
I spread out my towel, laid down, and chatted a bit with those near me. Mostly, I lay in the sun with my eyes closed recalling and reveling in the looks on the young women's faces when they saw me naked. Their expressions covered the full range of emotions: surprise, shock, disgust, nervousness, anger, excitement, and joy.
I pulled this same stunt successfully many times at other secluded swimming holes in a two hundred mile radius of my house. After each adventure, I returned home happy and as horny as hell. Those evenings my wife was treated to an above-average cock because the excitement gathered earlier fueled my lust for her.
Sometimes my adventures didn't turn out as I expected. For example, one Friday afternoon, I showed up fifteen minutes before my 3:30 doctor's appointment at the small clinic near our house. Our family had been coming here for years to see the general practitioner, Dr. Jennifer Campbell, an attractive brunette five years older than me. I was pleased that I'd snagged the last slot. I updated my records as I waited.
Joan, the heavy-set, sixty-something receptionist, shut off her computer, gathered her things, and said, "My granddaughter has the lead in a school play tonight. I'm sneaking out early. The whole family is going to see her and then we're having a party to celebrate. Dr. Jennie will be ready for you soon."
Kayla, the young, blonde, medical assistant came out to the waiting room as Joan was walking out the door and said, "Mr. Young, we're ready for you." She looked at her colleague and said, "Goodbye, Joan. Enjoy the play."
I followed Kayla to the scale. She weighed me, recorded it, and led me into the exam room. She put my chart in the file holder attached to the door, ushered me into the room, smiled, and said, "The doctor will be with you shortly."
She closed the door and left. I quickly removed all my clothes and sat on the side of the exam table facing the door with my legs spread so my genitals were on display.
I sat there alone for five minutes. The door opened and Dr. Campbell walked into the room with Kayla in her wake. Jennie stopped short when she realized I was naked and asked, "Whoa! Brent, what's this all about?" She raised my chart that she was holding and held it in front of her so it blocked her view of my dick as she focused on my eyes.
I glanced at Kayla and saw that her mouth had fallen open, her cheeks were a rosy color, and she was staring at my limp penis.
I smiled and calmly said, "Simone insisted that I see you. She's afraid I'm going to die."
"Oh. Why is that?" Jennie asked.
"You know she's anxious by nature and a born worrier. The problem is a cousin of hers recently died of melanoma. According to my wife, my freckles and moles may not be innocent clumps of pigmentation, but cancer that will leave her a widow with two small children to raise on her own. That thought is freaking her out and she demanded that I come to see you."
"Okay. Over 300,000 people in the U.S. die of cancer every year and more men than women. The combination of lung, prostate, and colorectal cancer accounts for nearly half of all deaths. Skin cancer is the most common type of cancer, but luckily, one of the most curable unless not caught until the later stages.
"The likelihood of you having a deadly form of skin cancer is not high, but we're here, you're naked, I'll examine you. I need a chaperone. Are you okay with Kayla being in the room?"
"Yes."
"Kayla, get a clipboard and a template of a male body so you can mark the location of moles I think are suspicious. Brent, lie down and we'll begin."
The women went to the cabinet. Kayla got the form she needed while the doctor put on gloves and got a six-inch plastic ruler. I stretched out on the exam table enjoying the fact that I was naked in front of two beautiful women. The inevitable happened, I got a big old erection.
The women turned toward me and were shocked to see my hard cock. Kayla gasped. Jennie frowned and noisily released a deep breath. She got over her displeasure and began the exam. She scanned my body explaining what she was looking for. She gave me a thorough inspection, measured some moles, and had Kayla record the location and size of those she wanted to keep an eye on.
She said, "Brent, you're remarkably calm. Most people aren't comfortable being naked and here you are as cool as a cucumber nude in front of two members of the opposite sex."
She was right. I wasn't ill at ease; I was loving it! I played it cool and said, "It must be the yoga and meditation. 'Resistance is futile! Go with the flow!' is my motto." I laughed.
The doctor examined my front side except for my you-know-what. I was looking forward to her grabbing my big stick, but she didn't. Instead, she asked me to roll over and she examined my backside.
When she'd completed her survey of my neck, shoulders, and back, Dr. Campbell glanced at her watch and said, "Brent, I wasn't expecting to be doing this today. I don't mind, but it's getting late. I promised Kayla that I wouldn't keep her late today. She's young and it's Friday."
We both looked at the young assistant. She seemed surprised by the doctor's statement and said, "I can stay if you need me."
"Brent, is it okay if I let her go home and finish up alone?"
"Sure."
The doctor stood, took the template from the young woman, told her goodbye, and sent her home. She returned to the table and completed her assessment of my skin.
"Almost done," she proclaimed cheerfully. "Please stand."
I did and she squatted in front of me so her head was level with my erection and asked, "Brent, is it okay if I touch your penis?"
"Do what you have to do," I said and spread my legs wider.
She grasped my erection and inspected all sides. She said, "You have a mole on the shaft. That's not unusual." She placed the end of the ruler against my pubic bone and the long side up against my dick. I smiled. I was proud that my cock was longer than the six-inch ruler.
The doctor said, "This mole doesn't look suspicious." She chuckled and added, "Simone's a lucky woman. You're above average in length." Then, she touched my testicles pushing and prodding as she inspected my scrotum.
She looked up at me. The view of her face inches from the tip of my dick made my penis involuntarily lurch. She rose slowly, stood close to me, looked me in the eye, and said, "You don't have skin cancer. You're a healthy, virile man. While you're here, why don't I give you a thorough exam to satisfy your wife's concerns about your health."
"Good idea," I said.
"Lung cancer is the biggest killer. You aren't a high-risk candidate because you've never smoked and radon isn't an issue where we live. Early symptoms include an unexplained weight loss, a persistent cough, pain in the chest, or shortness of breath after everyday activities. Do you have any of these symptoms?
"No," I answered hesitantly. I was uneasy because she was standing so close to me and the vibe in the room had changed. When I started this, I was in control. I exposed myself and the women were shocked, embarrassed, and wondering what was going on.
They calmed down when they realized I wasn't a threat and saw I was having fun exposing my cock. Kayla had gasped and her face turned red at the beginning, but in the end, she relaxed and got a kick out of seeing my dick.
Dr. Campbell had the same initial shocked reaction as her assistant. Then, she seemed pissed. Now, she was taking control. She grabbed my testicles.
"Oh!" I grunted in surprise as she looked me in the eye and squeezed.
"Stay calm, Brent. I'm checking you for testicular cancer."
She individually grabbed and squeezed my balls rolling them between her thumb and fingers. She took her time, stared into my face, and said, "I'm checking for hard lumps."
My heart raced. She removed her hand and said, "Your boys are fine. Prostate cancer is the second deadliest cancer for a man. Turn around and bend over. I couldn't look Simone in the eye if I didn't do every test possible and the digital exam is quick and easy."
I was slow to respond. She grabbed and twisted my shoulder. She didn't make me turn around. She didn't have the physical strength to force me, but I understood what she wanted. I followed her lead, turned, and placed my chest on the table. She kicked my feet apart to spread my legs further.
I watched her put lubricant on two fingers. "Isn't one finger enough?" I asked. She said nothing and stared at me with a small, sphinx-like grin on her face. I felt the cold, slick goo touch my anus, and then she shoved two fingers in my butt.
"Oh!" I cried. It was a shock to be penetrated so forcefully by her fingers.
She asked, "Did I surprise you? You surprised me today. I didn't expect to find a naked man in my exam room today. Did you enjoy the look on our faces?"
She pressed her fingers in deep causing me to grunt.
"Did you like it?" she repeated her question. She placed her free hand on my back and pinned me to the exam table as she felt around inside my ass,
"Yes. I liked it."
"Why did you do it? Tell me how it made you feel?"
"I'm an exhibitionist. I do it for fun. I wanted to shock you. I get a thrill, a high, from showing my dick. I don't expect that flashing a woman will lead to sex. I only want a reaction. I know I annoyed you. You frowned.
"Kayla's reaction was perfect. At first, she was shocked and embarrassed. Then, she was intrigued and curious. By the end, she unabashedly stared at my cock."
"Do you flash girls? Children?"
"Oh, God no! That's sick. I only expose myself to adult women."
"Does Simone know about your fetish?" As she spoke, I felt her rooting around in my colon. It was uncomfortable. I answered quickly and honestly hoping to end the interrogation and the anal probe.
"Sort of. I mean I haven't sat her down and told her straight out, but she knows I like to be naked and I'm not hesitant to strip in front of our friends. If someone suggests we go skinny dipping, I'm the first one in the water. I've dropped my pants at a party for a laugh.
"All her girlfriends have seen my dick, but never in a threatening or intimate way. I don't have sex with other women. I do this as a lark. In my mind, I'm including strangers in on the joke."
Jennie pulled her fingers out of my ass and said, "You've reassured me. I believe you're no threat to children. I've always thought of you as a good, kind man and, notwithstanding my new knowledge of your predilection, I don't think you're a threat to society."
She pulled her gloves off, dropped them in the trash can, and said, "Get dressed and get out of here before I show you more of my domineering side. You're lucky I didn't bring my strap-on to work or I'd be pegging your ass!"
^^^
I've had many satisfactory encounters, quite a few disappointing ones, and some that were scary, but, all in all, it has been an interesting hobby. I've saved my best story for last.
Simone and I have had a long and happy marriage with two children. Our first was a girl and our second was a boy. The girl took after me. She was happy and outgoing. Our boy was tall like me, but he inherited his mother's predisposition to be anxious and depressed. Medicine helped, but he was a quiet, withdrawn lad.
I think we raised them well and made sure they had a happy childhood. Our children graduated from college, found jobs, and got married.
The adage may be 'Opposites Attract', but that wasn't the case with our children. Our beautiful, warm, open daughter married a handsome, successful, extrovert. Our quiet, sweet son, James, married an equally quiet, equally sweet, elementary school teacher named Belle.
James and Belle bought a starter house down the block from us. It needed fixing up and I, being a good painter and all-round handyman, helped out when I could.
On a Wednesday, soon after Belle and James moved into their house, I was surprised by an early morning phone call. It was my son telling me he was adjusting the mix of hot and cold water for a shower when one of the faucet stems broke and the handle came off in his hand. He had to shut the water off to the house to stop water from spraying out the opening.
The gist was could he and Belle come over, shower, and get ready for work. Of course, the answer was yes. I apprised Simone of the situation and suggested she send Belle to our bathroom because it had a wall-mounted make-up mirror and hair drier.
My wife met them at the front door, handed them a fresh towel and said, "James, use the hall bathroom. Belle, you can have the bathroom off my bedroom. I'll have breakfast and coffee ready for you in the kitchen."
"Thanks, Mom," James said.
"Thanks," Belle echoed as they went their separate ways.
I heard this from the hall where I'd hidden. I couldn't help myself, I was going to take advantage of the situation. I stepped into my bedroom and closed the door. My hair was wet as if I'd just popped out of the shower, I was naked and rubbing my chest with a towel when my daughter-in-law opened the bedroom door and stepped in.
"Oh, sorry to barge in on you," the young thing said. She averted her eyes, but not before she saw my hard cock. I'd been stroking it while waiting to spring thisaccidental nuditysituation on her.
I pretended that I'd been caught off-guard and said, "Oh. I thought I had time to get dressed before you got here. Come on in. You can use the bathroom. I'll be out of here in a second."
She eyed me nervously, clutched her towel and makeup bag as she gingerly crept past me. Her eyes darted from my face to my cock and back. I stood still, smiled, and soaked in her reaction. Once, she was in the bathroom, I quickly dressed and joined my wife in the kitchen as if nothing had happened.
After a great breakfast where Belle refused to make eye contact with me, I went to their house, took the shower offline, and restored water service to the rest of their house. That afternoon, I jerry-rigged the shower. It wasn't pretty, but I gave them a working shower.
The bathroom disaster at my son's house expedited the renovation of their only bathroom. The following Saturday morning, I popped over. I needed a measurement for the new bathroom counter. I walked over with my tape measure and rang the doorbell. I heard Belle say, "Did you forget your key again?" She sounded annoyed.
She unlocked and pulled the door open as she said, "Really, James. I'm trying to hop into the shower."
The pretty, blonde woman had a scowl on her face. It quickly disappeared and was replaced by a look of horror and embarrassment when she saw me and realized I saw her. You see, she'd stripped down for her shower and was naked.
Before me, was an attractive, young woman in her mid-twenties. She was short, delicate, and small-boned. Her blond hair was chopped short to frame her face and to emphasize her big, blue eyes. To say that this lovely woman was well-endowed would have been an understatement. Her tits were larger, fuller, and rounder than my wife's nice set, and on her small frame they looked huge. She stood in front of me for a second in shock, and then squealed before turning, and dashing out of sight. I watched her cute, pale tail as she ran away.
I was surprised and elated. I was so mesmerized by her breast, I forgot to look down to see if she was shaved or not. I closed their door and went home. About an hour later, I returned and apologized. Belle was fully dressed. She blushed and said, "I can't be mad at you. I was pissed thinking it was my forgetful husband once again locking himself out of the house causing me to stop what I'm doing and rescue him. The error was mine and I paid the price. We needn't talk about this again and I'd appreciate it if you didn't mention it to anyone."
"I can keep a secret," I said. I got the measurement I needed and left.
The next weekend, James and I did the plumbing rough-in. We replaced drain pipes and supply lines. The water was shut off so Belle and James had meals with us, did their laundry, and showered at our place.
That's when Belle saw my dick for a second time.
Their house had old, decrepit cast iron sewer pipes. Part of our project was to replace them with new PVC pipes. While removing one of the cast iron pipes, it broke and I got shit on me.
I went home to wash and change clothes. Going straight to the laundry room, I stripped and used the big sink to rinse my dirty clothes before putting them into the washing machine. Belle walked in on me with a basket of dirty clothes. She saw me naked from behind, stopped short, and said, "Oh. Sorry. I didn't know you were in here...naked."
I turned, showed her the goods, saw her red face, and matter-a-factly said, "This is your fault."
She saw my cock and looked away before stepping back. Stopping in her tracks, she gave me a confused look and asked, "How is me seeing you naked my fault? You're supposed to be at my house working on the bathroom."
I rested my butt against the edge of the sink, showing no fear, anxiety or dismay about being discovered naked.
With fake bravado and obviously insincere outrage, I said, "It is your fault. If not you, then women in general. Damn Tampons are convenient for you, but when flushed down toilets they get stuck in the pipes. I got crap all over me while removing a clogged drainpipe. Your species..."
She gave me a bemused look and asked, "Species?"
"Well, that is incorrect. Your gender would be more accurate."
"Oh. So now I'm responsible for every woman who has ever used the toilet at my fifty-year-old house?" she said with a smirk on her face.
"Yes," I answered while gesturing wildly and strutting in a pompous manner.
She dropped her basket on the floor, took a step forward, pointed her finger at me, and smiled. "You can't blame this predicament on me. My uncle, may he rest in peace, was a plumber. I've heard this rant before. He and my father made sure I learned that my feminine hygiene products go in the trash and only toilet paper goes into the commode."
She eyed my naked, lanky frame and said, "I can't believe I'm arguing with a naked man. My first instinct was to run away, but after you taunted me, I had to stay and defend myself, my gender, and ignore your wrinkled penis."
She and I shared a laugh.
"Go shower," she said. "I'm doing laundry. I'll deal with your dirty clothes."
I bowed and exited.
The next weekend, I was at my son and daughter-in-law's house helping to install the new toilet, sink, and showerhead. James was reading the instructions on the fancy faucet he and Belle had selected. The water was to flow through a crystal spout and spill like a waterfall into a chrome basin. The movement of the water powered LED lights which would change colors ranging from blue to red depending upon the temperature of the water. It looked great in the video.
I said, "I'll cut the water off while you read the manual."
"Uh-huh," my son mumbled without looking at me.
I went down the stairs into the basement. Ahead of me was the furnace, a water heater, and the water and electrical connections. A previous owner had enclosed a portion of the basement making a laundry room. The path to the water valve took me past the open laundry room door.
I glanced in and saw Belle, or the back of her to be more specific, dancing in her underwear to the music coming from her Apple EarPods. She opened the washing machine, took a bunch of bras and panties from her basket, and dropped them in. She unhooked and removed her bra before she bent over, straight at the waist the way only women can, rolled her underwear down her tanned thighs, and stepped out of them.
I stopped in my tracks and stared in awe at her cute, firm bum. I saw her pink, crinkled asshole, and the fat, cleft lips of her hairless sex. She dropped her soiled undies in with the others, put in detergent, and turned the machine on.
She began dancing again. She spun around with her arms and legs moving rhythmically and her big breasts bouncing around like crazy. She stopped when she saw me and screamed, "Ahh!"
I smiled broadly and said, "Wow!"
Belle grabbed the sweatsuit that was on the dryer and held it to her chest. She looked shocked, surprised, and panicked. She was breathing deeply and her eyes were wide open. She pulled her EarPods out and looked at me as if she was expecting an explanation.
I said wow and told her she was a good dancer and asked if she was doingThe Pony.
"What are you doing here?" she screeched.
"James and I are working on the bathroom. I need to turn the water off. I was walking by and stopped to watch you dance. I didn't expect you to get naked."
"Why did you stay and watch me when I was naked?" she asked, sounding upset.
"You're a beautiful woman and a good dancer. I stayed because I wasn't sure if this was an accident or done in a manner that would give you plausible deniability. You just happened to be doing the laundry when you knew I was upstairs, and you had your EarPods in so you wouldn't hear me come down the steps, and catch you removing your underwear and putting them in the wash.
"Why would I do that?" she objected.
"Because that's howThe Gameis played."
"What game?"
I was beginning to think this was an accident. I said, "Can we talk later? James must be wondering why I haven't shut off the water and returned upstairs. He may come here looking for me and wonder why his wife is naked. Let me finish the bathroom project, you send James out on some errand, we'll have a beer, and I'll explain everything.
Two hours later, the new bathroom fixtures and cabinet were in place and properly plumbed. Belle inspected our work and said, "Oh! I love it! James, we should celebrate. Go to that BBQ place we like, and pick up dinner for your folks and us. Oh! And stop by the Cheesecake Factory and get an Oreo cheesecake."
"Yes. Great idea. I'm on it," James said. He grabbed his keys and went to pick up our feast.
^^^
Belle and I got a beer and went into the family room. She sat on the sofa and took a long swig as I sat across from her in an easy chair
"Belle, let me tell you aboutThe Game. First, it doesn't involve sex. It's about exposing your body and seeing another person's naked body for the fun of it. The game is all about voyeurism and exhibitionism.
"You know the brain releases hormones such as dopamine and endorphins that make people feel good. People crave these pleasurable sensations and have learned they can trigger the release of these hormones by eating chocolate, exercising, or having sex. Some people are more desperate for the high and will go to greater lengths and take drugs, gamble, or do extreme sports, like skydiving.
"I've learned that I can get the charge these hormones provide without jumping out of an airplane. I get my thrill by exposing myself and seeing women naked.
"I learnedThe Gamefrom my mother-in-law. She learned it from her husband's grandfather."
"What?"
I told Belle about Yvette, how we got started, and how we playedThe Gamefor decades. I explained how she learned it from Pierre. I emphasized that no one ever had sex. The joy was in looking and being looked at and that we took our lust home to our spouses.
She hung on my every word, slacked jawed and wide-eyed. She asked, incredulously, "You saw your mother-in-law's pussy?"
"Many times. Sometimes she'd masturbate for me. The point I want to make is we enjoyedThe Game, we were able to express our sexuality, and no one got hurt. I'm not telling you about this because it's some kind of family tradition that you're obligated to continue, I think it would be good for you."
I paused and looked deep into her eyes trying to express my sincerity and concern for her. "When James introduced you to the family, Simone and I were thrilled that he'd found someone to share his life with. You impressed us as a beautiful, intelligent woman. You also struck us as a shy, quiet woman with a huge chest and we couldn't help, but think that your demeanor was a result of your bust size."
"Really?"
"I'm guessing that your boobs caused you to receive more attention from men than you wanted and probably the wrong kind of attention. That would cause anyone to be shy, retiring, and quiet."
"Men would say the most vulgar things to me," she said. "I was propositioned by men my father's age when I was in high school! It was gross. I wore baggy clothes in high school and college to hide my breasts."
"I thought as much. I'm offering you a safe way to be sexy."
She blushed and asked, "Why would I want to be sexy?"
"We are sexual creatures with a sexual identity and sexual self-esteem."
"Sexual identity I get. Is a person straight or gay? What is sexual self-esteem?" she asked.
"It refers to how a person feels about their body, their confidence level, and how it affects the way they relate intimately to someone else."
"Okay. What does this mean to me?"
"Imagine that there's a woman who is anxious about how her stomach looks. When she's naked and riding her boyfriend, she sucks her stomach in or is constantly repositioning herself so that it appears flat. She focuses so much on how her stomach looks that she doesn't enjoy the sex and doesn't connect with her partner.
"Her partner notices her distracted, detached attitude and thinks she's not into him, that she isn't attracted to him. As a result, they gradually stop having sex and their relationship fizzles."
"So you think I'm a quiet girl and have low sexual self-esteem because I'm self-conscious about my big boobs?"
"Well...Yes."
Belle tilted her head and looked off into the distance for a minute and said, "You might be right."
"Do you initiate sex? Do you enjoy it? How frequently do you have sex? Do you know someone so comfortable in her skin that she oozes confidence and is naturally sexy? Do you wish you were more like her?"
Belle pondered my questions. Tears came to her eyes, spilled over, and ran down her cheek. "I'm a terrible wife!"
I went to her, held her, and let her cry on my shoulder. When the sobbing ended, I said, "You can learn and change and accept and express your sexuality with James."
She pulled back and asked with quivering lips, "How?"
"I'm no expert but I think it would begin with getting to know your body, realizing that it's okay to enjoy sex and that you're worthy of pleasure. Don't be a spectator during sex. Do the things you like and tell James what you want him to do to you.
"For a start, rewrite your sexual script. We all have one. Many things form it. Like what was your parents' attitude about sex? What did they and other adults tell you? What did you learn from the sexual experiences you had? Many of those stories are painful and shame-filled. Yours includes the vulgar things men said to you because of your large breasts. You can decide not to let those experiences define who you are.
"And you can tap into your inner sexpot! Think about what a sexually confident woman might look like: What would she wear? How would she behave? What would she think? Go buy the kind of sexy clothes that this woman would wear and role-play being her. It's the old slogan: fake it till you make it! Act as if you are a sexpot. Actions often proceed motivation and can change how you think and feel. The new, sexy, and confident Belle just might enjoy flashing her father-in-law and playingThe Game!"
I got up and left. I didn't know if anything I'd said helped or hurt the young woman. I got my answer three weeks later when the kids had Simone and me over for dinner.
Belle and James greeted us at the door with big smiles. James looked happy. Belle looked spectacular. She'd done her hair, made up her face, and was wearing a sexy wrap dress. It hugged her figure and exposed more cleavage than she usually did. Her tits wobbled when she stepped towards me to kiss me on the cheek. She was braless!
James took our jackets while Belle excused herself to go into the kitchen.
Simone leaned into me and said, "Belle looks lovely, relaxed, and confident. I'm guessing you noticed she isn't wearing a bra."
"Oh? I hadn't."
My wife elbowed me in the ribs and said, "Liar. It's okay to look, but don't stare."
We had a lovely meal, a nice bottle of wine, and a good time. Belle was more talkative than usual engaging the three of us in conversation. After dessert, we cleared the table and stacked the dishes on the kitchen counter.
Belle said, "James, show your mother the pictures of us at the zoo. We went there last weekend. Some of the photos are hilarious. I think they're in the family room. Brent, could you help me with the coffee?"
James and Simone exited the kitchen. Belle quickly undid her wrap dress and opened it to show me her naked body. She was smiling.
"Wow! Gorgeous," I said.
"This is me saying thank you. I feel much better about my body. Our sex life has improved exponentially, and I am officially inThe Game!"
^^^
At the end of the evening, Belle and James said goodbye to us and we thanked them for a great meal. We walked the short distance to our house. It was a warm evening and we had a full moon to light our way. Simone said, "That was nice. They looked so happy, so in love. Belle was gorgeous. She's come a long way from that quiet, shy, girl we first met."
"Yes, she has."
As we entered our home, I asked, "Do you want a nightcap?"
"Sure."
I poured the drinks while Simone went into the bedroom. I found her standing naked primping in front of the mirror and said, "Wow. You got undressed fast."
She laughed and said, "I know what's coming. After three hours of being around a young, beautiful, braless, big-boobed woman, you are going to pull an iron pipe from your pants and rail me. Not that I mind. I'm ready, I just squirted some lube into my vagina. Give me that shot of rye and you can ravish me."
I handed her a shot glass, downed mine, and set it on the dresser. I set a new land speed record getting undressed. My prick was bigger and harder than usual thanks to Belle.
My wife fell to her knees, inspected it, and sucked my cock. "Mmmm. Just as I thought you brought the big bat out to play."
She flopped on the bed and spread her legs. I dove between them and buried my head in her pussy. "Mmmm. Mango," I said before returned to
one of my life's passions, eating my wife's delicious pussy.
Soon I was standing with Simone's ankles on my shoulders and I was slamming my thick cock into her. We progress through several positions all of which allow me to pound her pussy.
She released a noisy breath and got on top of me facing away. She slipped my dick inside her, laughed, and said, "I'm hiding my breasts and face so you can pretend your fucking Belle."
"What?"
"It's okay. It's a man's nature. Belle's young, beautiful, and she was braless tonight. Of course, you're worked up. As long as you look and don't touch I'm okay. What's the saying? I don't care where you get your appetite, as long as you eat at home."
"I love you, Simone. You're the best wife ever!"
"I am and don't you forget it. Now, ring my bell!"
She rode me reverse cowgirl. I watched my penis slip in and out of her pussy and I did imagine it was Belle. I loved it. It excited me, but I stayed focused enough to make sure that Simone climaxed before me. I'm no dummy.
The End