Project Succubus 08 : Lilith cooks inside her hellish Egg in preparation for her grand reveal.
For the first 24 hours, I could only imagine what hell Lilith was enduring inside the egg. I wasn't allowed access to the video feed from inside the infernal Egg which had reached 130 degrees, far above what a human being could survive. Yet Lilith's in-built network of carbon Nano tubes coupled with cool fluids injected through her oral, anal, and vaginal probes kept her body temperature barely at the border between life and death. With all of her orifices penetrated, her voice processor wasn't able to interpret her words correctly, resulting in mostly mumbling and animalistic groans. These echoed around the room menacingly, as if some evil monster was waiting to be born from the egg.
"She won't die, Adam," explained Dr.Arexus. "But what we don't know is what mental damage will result from this treatment. A week like this might turn her insane," it was the first time I saw real concern in Arexus. She always struck me as cold and clinical. Not wincing performing such terrible operations on a young woman.
It was time to get the egg ready for transport to the Succubus' permanent home. Willams nor Hunter didn't disclose its location. It was supposed to be deep underground, in a volcanic island owned by her master. There she was to entertain him and their like-minded friends for the rest of her life.
"She will have moments of travel, and be allowed occasional freedoms such as free roaming of the island on selected nights, a swim in the ocean, or a Halloween party on the mainland," Hunter explained before leaving. I never saw his face.
I was given access to Lilith's video feed the next day. It was hell inside the egg.
There she was, red, horned, her body spread wide on the frame, struggling and squirming inside her burning hellish womb. The images showed several angles, top, front, left, and right, with close-up views of her face (which was obscured by her VR goggles and mask), crotch and butt. Heat waves blurred the video feed. Her struggles were terrible and yet fascinating to watch, The probes rammed into her, fucking her mercilessly. As soon as the system detected approaching climax, a series of electric shocks rocked her body, or the probe's vibrations died down or completely stopped for hours, during which the poor girl was reduced to derive any sort of stimulation from grinding her hips and trying to move a few millimeters back and forth on her dildos.
It was during these "Silent" hours did her voice synthesizer came back to its senses interpreting her groans, moans, and curses.
She was now prohibited from mentioning God. After all, she was the queen of hell. Any mention of the divine was detected by the Egg's computer resulting in a horrendous onslaught of electrical shocks deep inside her via her auxiliary neural network.
I spoke to her from time to time, trying to reassure her that I was by her side. She calmed down when she heard my voice but her body was constantly bombarded by stimulation and she quickly lost all focus. I shivered thinking of what she would be once she was released.
Her audio and video feed was regulated by someone or something beyond my control. It mostly consisted of pornographic footage of varying sorts. Men, women, transgenders in various combinations, while sometimes it switched to an image of her master in full heavy rubber gear chanting to her "Lilith, you are my slave. Slave to the hunter, for all an eternity, your sole goal in life is to pleasure your master, the Hunter, and do his bidding..........." it would go on and on and I could see the red, horned woman squirming and struggling in the incredible heat as if she was in the heart of a fiery volcano.
At random intervals, She was shown videos of herself in her predicament, this seemed to disturb her the most. One horrific torture was the video, explaining in graphic detail all the equipment attached to her, combined with real footage and animations showing her urine and feces being filtered and recycled before being pumped back into her via her nasal feeding tubes. This was accompanied by explicit narration from her master culminating in the lines, "Now my succubus, the first batch of your recycled excrement is entering your wretched stomach."
On the fourth day, the egg was gone!
"Its on its way and so shall be you and Dr.Arexus. Yes, she has agreed to continue her service on site," said Dr.Willams.