In my story, "A Blow Job from A Nice Girl Can Cost You," I wrote about Antonio. Just over 40, divorced, spends weekends in East Hampton, default position is New York City, where he is an options trader. Works hard to remain a jock and it pays off. Blond and good looking usually tanned.
To date a guy like that you would imagine I have to put out. Wrong. I don't have to do anything because although I like dating him, I don't care if I do. He doesn't seem especially horny. I doubt I'm his "only."
We had been dating a month, only weekends, like Friday night at Nick and Tony's or the Palm. Then, Sunday brunch. Saturday night he probably got laid.
We were having wine at a place in Sag Harbor with a view of the yacht harbor. I wore the little black dress. I don't have a breathtaking décolletage, but nice chest skin and the definite suggestion of rising hillocks on either side of the sweet valley. When I lean in, you can glimpse the edge of a rather too large dark nipple.
Successive plates of raw oysters. We already had chatted about the Roman conceit of the oyster as a pussy. One of my fetishes that men appreciate is talking about sex. Antonio asked: "Okay, Ellen, you have told me your friends keeping saying you are jaded."
"Well, at least one did..."
"What one image has aroused you most?"
"Just one?"
"First one that comes to mind. Unforgettable."
"Embarrassing..."
"Good!" He signals the waiter for another $60 bottle of Chardonnay and more oysters. Money is so relaxing.
I nod a few times. "One site called something like X-Treme Cartoons..."
"Okay." He really has the nicest tan, blue eyes, and blond hair.
"Looked like something Medieval... In a rough shed. A woman is mounted nude of a high bike, strapped on tight, and from the seat this gargantuan dildo is thrust up between her legs.
"She's a big girl. Long, flowing black hair. Really stacked! Rugged pretty face. Big craggy ledges of boobs sticking way out there. And now, her nipples are out like elongated bullets.
"Jammed right up into her hairy belly is this huge dildo that obviously is ramming up and down as she pedals. She can't stop though because there are two women behind her, both nude with bulging breasts, and one is laughing and whipping the woman on the bike. The tongues of the whip are coming around and flicking her nipples.
"It looks to me as though she is building up to a monster cum. Maybe she's terrified that after it they will keep whipping and making her ride the dido till the nerves in her pussy drive her mad. She is desperately pedaling herself into orgasm and way beyond...Eyes as wide and round as tea saucers."
Antonio is nodding. I probably have earned my wine and oysters and dinner.
"Wow, you really are a writer, Helen! What a description! I can see it all. And you would like to be the woman on the bike?"
"No fair. You just asked what turned me on." I grinned. "Maybe I want to be the lady with the whip."
"Right, okay. And you've tried a dildo bike?"
"Is there such a thing?"
He cocks his head, gazing at me. He frowns as though I might be putting him on. Then, he says, "As many brands as toothpaste. You never Googled it?"
"I guess it makes sense," I say, slowly nodding my head with its pixie-cut dark hair and my smoldering brown eyes. (Painting a word picture here, for you.)
"Next time you're in Manhattan."
I shrug.
He shrugs in return. Makes a "what the hell" face, and says, "I could arrange a demo out here."
I begin, "Oh, no, Antonio, not worth..."
"Actually,' he says thoughtfully, "I would enjoy it, too. Got any girl friends you want to invite? Make a sort of party..."
"Think of two..." I have in mind my running friend, Amanda. No point duplicating effort. In my story, "I Volunteer for Peak Erotic Ecstasy," I wrote: "Amanda is a big bossy girl, a Mighty White Gaia, but all in sexy proportions—long legs heavy but shapely, shoulders suitable for suspension of breathtakingly majestic mountains of breasts, a full face but with generous eyes, lips, cheeks in proportion—and simply cascades of chestnut brown hair."
Why Amanda? Well, Amanda is up for anything. Bring it on. And, then, just to be cautious, if I ever blunder into some scene that suddenly goes "rough trade"—I get my ass in trouble—Amanda is my Boudica (look it up)."
"Nice cottage." In the Hamptons, for the old-fashioned, that still means 14 rooms, indoor pool, full gym, three-car garage. This one is on the beach in what we call "Amagansett Dunes."
When the door opens, Antonio steps forward and says "Hi!" Takes the hand of a pretty middle-aged Japanese woman, who holds his hand and bows. Her kimono is a sea-green print with little white and red boats. Dark green belt. It is open at the top to show considerable skin.
She takes my hand, then Amanda's, and, as she gazes into our eyes, opens her own eyes, I swear, as though she is spreading her legs. SO, inviting! Can I learn to do that? Or does it take 1,000 years of geisha tradition?
I'm thinking like this even before I opt for the warm Sake (over white wine). We all do and carrying a little cup and pitcher get a quick tour of the house, stepping out sliding doors onto a terrace. The full moon is moon across the dunes and over the white bosom of the sea.
We step into an elevator... What can I say? Two story house...
We step out directly into a spacious gym with glistening hardwood oak floors, workout equipment, and at the far end a glass wall onto the dark night, orange moon, dimly perceived dunes. But mostly reflecting us back at us.
Some moments of anticipation. She is pointing out some cameras. Kinky looking equipment with weights by lots of funny straps. What is this, the Hamptons showroom of "Shame of the Rising Sun Erotic Equipment Corporation"?
Our hostess geisha bows low. She turns and calls. Two young Japanese women, maybe early 'twenties, bound through a door, hand in hand, and run over, smile and bow. And then, without further ceremony, both drop their kimonos to the floor. Stark naked, griming like happy schoolgirls.
Every time I say something admiring about Japanese women, someone tut-tuts "stereotype" or even "racist." What the fuck? These two girls are the same height. Flowing straight black hair. Pretty faces with the same regular features, red lips. And then, slim bodies with silken smooth skin. Breasts adorably rounded to perfection, identical, with soft, medium-sized nipples. A stimulatingly shock of pure black, well-haired, fluffy pussy. Long, elegant legs. Japanese erotic films like to feature a dozen or two dozen or a room full of these ravishing women, all the same height within an inch, line up with pretty push mops at precisely three feet three inches from the ground...
What a great culture! Every young woman guaranteed adorable, same dimensions, same sculpted boobs, desirable torso, shaggy ebony pubic hair, slender and perfect legs. Not so different from me, except that in the U.S., I am notable for being skinny, having very slender long legs, conical upturned breasts topped by dark nipples. And short hair that is black, not blond.
Both girls bow. I don't know if I should bow. I lifted a hand, give a little wave, a smile...
Our geisha guide turns to two identical exercise bikes. I examine them. Whoa! This is it, right?
I expected exercise bikes with a dildo attached. You know, the way I might strap one around my waist if I wanted to ream out Antonio's ass...
There actual are dildo bikes, I think, although I don't see any dildos... I step closer.
Antonio was right—of course. The manufacturer's metal label on the back edge of the seat says "Ido Gynbike."
No dildo, but, as Amanda, Antonio, and I bend over to examine things, I see that the bike seats are totally transparent plastic, with a hole in the center of each, and an elaborate tech box below the seat. And, surely just for us, a camera mounted on an arm with a lens peering up from below the plastic seat—photographing the expose pussy of the moment. We would even have to bend over to see the girl's cunt lips.
Both girls gracefully, with delighted smiles, gingerly mount the bikes. They are standing on the pedals. We gaze appreciatively at the rounded, broad butts with a healthy crack between, the long nicely muscled back, straight shoulders covered with black hair.
Okay, who has the starting gun?
Both girls now seat themselves very carefully, glancing down. After a moment, we see the two broad butts give violent twitches on the seat. Antonio looks at the geisha. She smiles, walks straight over the slaps the first girl on the butt. The girl immediately rises slowly on the pedals and as she does a 10-inch ivory white dildo, at least two inches thick, with delicate white veins, slides out of her pussy. The other girl has risen, too.
And then, our geisha lady does something unexpected. She turns to us, smiles, and her hand seizes one of the girls' butt cheeks and gives it a very vigorous, not to say violent, squeeze, shaking. She turns and smiles at us. Then, her arms reach around one of the girls, her hands cup the perfect, firm, adorable boobs, and give the girl a rigorous crushing feel- up. Message received. If we feel like doing anything to these girls, go right ahead.
Antonio looks at us with a smile. Amanda instantly gets in the spirit of it. Which is? Anything goes. I never would have done it in a million years.
With a big grin, Amanda steps to the geisha woman, gives her a big smile, seizes her kimono and whips it open. Lifts it right off the madam's shoulders. And she does what? Smiles hugely. All invited, all expected. She is like the two bike girls but a little fuller...bigger breasts, fuller hips, fatter butt...
Amanda reaches around her, now, and down. Seizes her the big ass with both hands and squeezes her. As she does, she slowly bends her head and presses her lips onto the unresisting perfect lips of our geisha. A long kiss. Amanda's hand strays down and fingers the woman's pussy hair. From the geisha woman? Serene hostess smile.
Amanda turns back to us. Even Antonio is staring, unable to believe it. But very happy. Amanda smiles right into his eyes and guess what? Amanda now sheds all.
Did I choose the right pal to bring? Now, Antonio can feast his eyes on the Mt. Rushmore of massive, jutting boobs, gigantic womanhood. And on Amanda's full, curved belly, with rioting light brown hair and discernable dark pussy lips. Are we having fun, yet?
Okay, maybe my last date with Michael. I am not stripping. There are other guys. Good going Amanda, you slut.
Our nude, but poised and relaxed geisha walks to a console, hits a few buttons, turns back to us with a grin. Suddenly the mounted Japanese girls jerk into action, rising. Good reason for that. The ten-inch monster dildos are driving right up the two pussies. They can escape only by beginning to pedal in rhythm, so they are rising when the big dick rises.
A rhythm begins. The girls rise on long legs, butts churning, as we watch. The greasy dildos withdraw from the asses, then the girl come down and their pussies swallow the rods. On each bike the thrusting monster is rising out of the hole in the seat an into a demure Japanese crack modestly covered with hair. The girl rises on the pedals. At the dildo recedes, the girls' big generous butts settle back not to lose the delightful penetration.
They are breathing hard, now, rising and sinking, and we hear little whimpers of desire. I am sure it is good Japanese, but, to me, it sounds like puppies yipping louder and louder. They sure are saying something! Louder and louder. Getting frantic. The muscles legs, butts, and back are working flexing.
Vigorously reamed by soulless machine, their breath and their cries keep mounting. What are they saying, over and over?
I glance for just a micro-second at our geisha. NO intention of asking for a narrative. She steps over, naked, of course, smiling, and says sweetly, "Fuck me! Oh shit, fuck me! Fuck my cunt! No! No! Stop!"
Got it. I smile back.
Now, with a flourish, our geisha guide steps to the console. Gives us a subtle signal, flips a switch, and points up. The screen.
Okay, I see it. Two black furred pussies from the underside. Up through the plastic bike seat. We can hear them sighing, crying out in high pitched voices. We all stare the screen. Is this for real?
Guess it is, because suddenly we are looking up through the plastic seat and coming down at the camera lens is water gushing from their cunts...and the cries are frantic. Either both are squirting or pissing themselves.
I look up briefly at the pretty faces, distorted, lips wide open, sort of yipping in pleasure and agony...
Soon, both girls are bent far forward on the seat, trying to save their pussies from the relentless nonstop ramming. The dildos are too long. They can't get off them. And, bent over, their cunts are jamming the dildos, which keeping dragging out and shoving in heartlessly.
Have these agreed to be tortured? When does this stop? Should I call a halt? Got to tell you, I am very, very hot myself.
Geisha guide knows what we are thinking and feeling. She steps over, puts her hands on one girl's shoulders, roughly jams her back on her dildo, shoving it all the way up. A long, wailing cry from the poor girl, who seems to go crazy, squirming madly on her perch... The geisha lady does it to the other one.
Then, abruptly, the show stops. Both girls are slumping, half-falling from the bike seats. Geisha guide helps them off, one by one. Each one now lies on the floor, legs lolling wide open. They smile up at us as we come to look.
The two girls keep well spread. All this is planned, I'm sure. As we approach, we have an unobstructed view. Wow! These are bright red, swollen pussies—really puffed up lips and the vagina opening distended. Naturally, both girls smile up, albeit a little weakly.
I guess Amanda can't wait. I didn't think so. Not Amanda. She is stripping, a huge eager smile on her face. I knew I could count on her. In a moment, she naked. Roughly twice the size of one of the Japanese girls. I think she once said she's a 37G. The boobs rest sedately huge on her chest, a perfect shape for their size, with nipples three inches across and titties aroused, now, standing straight out.
Our geisha has been wiping down the dildos on both bikes. Now, she is putting fresh lubricant on each. Rubbing it slowly up and down with her hand, glancing at Antonio with a big smile. He laughs. I wonder if he's hard? Got to be.
Amanda's hips roll and her massive butt sashays as she walks to the bike. Antonio is grinning a me—I think... Happy to see the action. Not sure what he expects me to do... You've got to love a woman like Amanda who has no fat but incredible dimensions.
At the bike seat, Amanda glances at our geisha guide. Makes a gesture with her hands, as though encircling a dick as big around as a drainpipe. I got it. She is going for the record. Our geisha guide turns to the console, cupboard beneath. Walks toward the bike with what looks like a fair-sized kid's bat. I can't fucking believe that thing is going up even Amanda's pussy.
For just a moment, our geisha guide works at the big box under the seat. Straightens, nods, smiles.
Amanda mounts the seat. And...
Yes, glances back at me, expectantly. With that cue, Antonio glances over at me, griming. So handsome and sexy. Paying a year of my income for this party... And I'm hot. What am I holding out, for? If I do this, obviously I go home with Antonio, tonight. Don't want to set a Guinness world record as a cock teaser.
The Sake has kept coming and coming. Barely noticed servant people appear, serve, vanish, apparently see nothing.
I am stripping. I'm not a prude, you know. Or frigid. What I am is...jaded. It takes a big jolt of stimulation to engorge my parts.
The geisha guide seems to grasp that the big money has paid in hope of this moments. She is beside me taking garments, murmuring encouragement, smiling, her own so close I feel her heat.
I glance with shy smile at Antonio. He looks as though he is in ecstasy. Well, at least he looks horny. It didn't take my 32C tits to accomplish that this evening.
I step over to him, nude, press him to me, full length, and give a long, lingering kiss.
And then, I saddle up and ride with the posse (pronounced "pussy"). Amanda is mounted virtually concealing the bike under her bulk. Hope they use stainless steel.
Not sure what exactly to expect out of those holes in the seats. But Antonio, the geisha guide, and the two girls, now slightly recovered, are there to watch the screen as the camera films our cunts.
Bang, we are up and running. Something that thank Christ is decently greased, but also hard as plastic and heavy ribbed, slides up me. No "by your leave, madam." This is a machine. I am flesh. Soft pussy flesh. I react automatically, rising on the pedals, but the ridiculously long thing slides up and up and up... It is a very tight fit, let me tell you. It is pulling my pussy hair by shoving it up. Also rolling my pussy lips inward. I can rise far enough fast enough. The thing is poking my womb.
No one is this big! I am reamed, rammed, stuffed, and the mouth of my womb is rudely bumped, again. I had meant to be tough, but I give a moan. Glance down at my very flat, tight belly as though expecting to see the outlines of the thing inside it.
Yeah, bad, but I hear to my right Amanda howl. I turned. She had shot to full stretch in the pedals, her huge long legs straight, body hauled up. But I see below that this white dildo as big around as a mortar and, like, endlessly long, is still shoving her higher. But she can't go higher. She asked the Keisha guide for "big" and she got big. The thing is jacking her up and up and she is emitting a long scream...
And then, she is laughing. I know Amanda. She knew it would be unbearable, awful, a violation—and that is exactly what she wanted.
I can only imagine the view from the rear as her huge, firm ass parts and up the thick crack is this elephant tusk lifting her off the seat.
Can't spare much attention. Whatever ivory cock is being motorized up my pussy is terrifying enough. This thing comes up and down so fast! It is reaming me out! My cunt already is sore. I don't do this for a living, like some people.
Well, Antonio must be enjoying the view from behind as my lanky long torso rises and falls, squirming madly because the dildo also feels so GOOD. So FULL. Not a millimeter left. I am emitting a kind of steady high-pitched little screaming, moaning, squirming my ass, twisting and grinding on my rude seat.
I glance around wildly at Antonio. I realize that my titties are thumbs jerking up in a high sign. I try to smile. He smiles back beautifully. Okay, okay, okay, tonight I am going to fuck him till he passes out and suck his cock dry of cum. As always, I will surprise him with a couple quick slaps on his balls just to experience my power over men.
Suddenly, I hear geisha hostess shout and both Japanese girl squeal. I whirl around on my seat, almost forgetting King Prick. This is experience is beginning to feel really, really nice.
Amanda is up on the pedals. Her huge ass spread so I can see the dark sides and the fringe of hair around her hole. She has the dildo in one hand. She is trying to manipulate it into her ass!
This woman is out of her fucking mind. I hear the geisha woman yell, and Amanda yells right back. The two Japanese girls are giggling, hands pressed to their faces.
The geisha woman says one word, smiles, and puts her hands behind her back. Eloquent symbolism. All right, I wash my hands of this, round eyes. It's your asshole, not mine.
Someone, Amanda has done it. I see the oil drilling rig disappearing into her soft looking ass. All around the dildo, her sphincter is tightly squeezing it, stretched impossible. This girl is going to tear...
Amanda is rising and falling in rhythm, churning her asshole on the dildo sliding impossibly far up inside her, then withdrawing nine or 10 inches. Nonstop, Amanda is keening in a loud whine of violation, her big pretty face raised to the ceiling.
You get used to anything. Almost. This whole time, watching Amanda, my own thorough fucking has gone on. Feels great, but not quite enough to get off...
I take one hand off a handlebar and reach down to my pussy to finger my clip. Whoops! Nope. My hand flies back to handlebar to steady myself and because I was holding up some of my weight with my hands.
Our wonderful naked geisha misses absolutely nothing. I am 15 seconds, one of the happy, grinning, nude Japanese girls is beside me, holding up a Hitachi vibrator and laughing. I smile and nod vigorously.
Bam, the thing is jammed against my pussy on the bike seat. I can tell it is on "high." I give jerk and yell as my clit get hit with the pleasure.
Another cry from my left. Yup, the other Japanese girl has Amanda covered. I wonder what Antonio is seeing on the screen. Just a smear through the bike seat and some fluffy pussy.
Prolonged, rising, ever-wilder chorus of shrieks, moans, yelps from our two not-so-easy riders.
Womanhood. Utter violation by machine, hand, and camera. Immolation of our wrenched apart woman's fork. Crying out ecstatic and terrified at unbearable pleasure and pain.
Suddenly, I give a convulsive swat at the vibrator to push it away. At the same time, I yell and throw myself onto the handlebars of the bike to escape the rape. I have lost balance, but the Japanese girl catches me and lowers me gentle to the floor. My legs are together, knees jammed up against my chin in fetal position. I am rocking. What a cum!
Jesus! Geisha girl is helping Amanda to the floor. Antonio is helping, too.
I panic. Amanda had a heart attack. Nope, her eyes are open, she's smiling, happy, content. She has rolled on her back in supine relaxation. No...not quite... Never Amanda.
She reaches long arms up toward the geisha lady. Taking hold of her thighs and pulling her down. Down onto Amanda's face.
Geisha girls gets it. No resistance. She lowers her loins with dignity, a broad smile, her spread butt over Amanda's face. A moment later, a seraphic smile crosses her face... She is stirring, gentling grinding her ass over Amanda's face.