"Oh! I'm so sorry!" Mya turned away, pulling the door closed.
"Wait," I called out, "it's okay. I'd...I'd like for you to stay. If you, you know, wanted to."
Mya's face flushed an even deeper crimson. We'd been married twenty years, and she'd seen me nude countless times, but as I lay naked and erect on the bed, she still had trouble meeting my eyes.
"No, no, I didn't mean to interrupt your...privacy. I should go." Again she moved to leave the room.
"Mya, please." I covered myself with a blanket. "Come, sit. Let's talk."
Mya sat beside me on the bed, the awkward silence finally broken by her embarrassed laughter. "How can we have been married all these years and this is the first time I've ever walked in on you masturbating?"
I had to chuckle. "I don't know. I don't really do it that often. But when I do, it's usually at night, after you've fallen asleep. You've always slept like a rock."
"Is it because I haven't been, well, taking care of your needs as often?" Mya asked.
"No. Well yes, but..." I struggled to find the right words. My sex drive had always been higher than hers, but it was only recently that time, age, stress, and health issues had affected her to the point that the frequency of our sex life had greatly decreased, and when it did happen, it had become all too routine.
I wanted to avoid blaming her, though, or make her feel guilty. It wasn't her fault. It was simply life, and the creeping malaise that can set in on any marriage given enough time.
Mya began to cry. "I'm so sorry, Lucas. I haven't been a good wife for you lately. I just don't feel like having sex much anymore. It's nothing personal, I promise. I still love you. I just haven't been interested. I can't explain why."
I put my arm around her to comfort her. "I still love you too. And I truly understand you're not always in the mood when I am. So I don't mind taking care of my needs myself sometimes, I really don't. But I also don't wanna feel like I need to hide it from you."
We sat quietly holding each other for a few moments. "God," Mya sighed, "I guess I really killed your mood, huh? Maybe I should go, let you finish what I interrupted."
"Please, don't go," I said, taking her arm. "I was thinking...I'd really like you to stay. You don't have to DO anything. Just...watch."
"Just watch? Why?"
"Because I would truly enjoy looking at you while I do it, Mya."
She looked skeptical. "Wouldn't you rather just look at porn?"
I sighed. "Mya, porn is just a fantasy. I'd rather have a real experience. With you."
"I'm confused," said Mya. "You actually want me to watch you masturbate? Or are you hoping I'll wind up wanting sex? Because, I'm sorry, Lucas, but I'm really not..."
I took her hand in mine. "If it's too weird for you, fine, I understand. But you already walked in on me, saw what I was doing. All I'm asking is for you to stay while I finish."
Mya sat quietly for a few moments, looking deep in thought. "Okay."
I kissed her soft lips. "Thank you. It won't take long, I promise."
Mya looked apprehensive as I sat back against the headboard. Pulling back the covers, she now had an unobstructed view of my semi erect cock. She watched nervously as I started to stroke. It didn't take long before I was fully hard again.
The tension slowly eased from Mya's face, replaced by curiosity. "What are you, you know, thinking about?"
"Just thinking about how beautiful you are, Bella."
Mya smiled at the use of the pet name I'd often call her in our more romantic moments. "You sure it's not just from the porn you were watching? Thinking about some younger, far more attractive woman?"
I sighed. "Mya, don't. Yes, I was watching porn. And I won't lie and try to convince you I don't find those women attractive. But that's just fantasy, babe. In reality, you're the only woman I want."
Mya looked unconvinced.
"Mya, you're still incredibly beautiful to me, still sexy. I don't want you to ever think you're not. Hey, I'm not exactly the strapping young man I used to be either, ya know." I patted my rounded belly, producing a giggle from her.
"I love your little potbelly," she smiled, giving my stomach a soft rub. It was the first true smile I'd seen from her since entering the room. "You're still my Brown Eyed Handsome Man."
Mya's hand lingered on my stomach. My cock, already erect, swelled harder at her touch.
"I appreciate that, but I could definitely stand to lose a few pounds." Suddenly inspired, I suggested, "Maybe we can join a gym. Work out together. Now that Sara has left for college and you've cut back to part-time at your job, we have more spare time. Perhaps it'll give us both more energy for...other things."
Mya smiled again, highlighting the crinkles around her eyes that I knew she hated, but I absolutely adored.
"Maybe," she sighed. Her hand was still on my stomach. She'd been rubbing it almost absent-mindedly, but now turned her attention to it, and the protruding object in my hand.
Emotions flickered across her face like images on a screen as she watched me pleasure myself. Embarrassment. Curiosity. Shame. Excitement. "This is so strange, Lucas. I know it's not wrong, and yet it still feels like I'm watching something I shouldn't."
Mya had been raised in a very strict, religious household, and while she no longer adhered to any particular faith, I knew she still struggled with letting go of indoctrinated guilt.
"It's not a sin, Mya," I assured her. "Proverbs says, 'rejoice in the wife of your youth.' And that's what I'm doing. I'm happy to be able to share this with you, and I hope you can find some joy in it too, if only in the knowledge that your simple presence here pleases me."
Mya blushed, but finally relaxed. Our eyes met, and I saw love in them. And a question.
"Can I...help?"
"Only if you'd like to, my love."
The hand that had been resting on my stomach moved down along my hip. Gently, Mya tickled my scrotum.
The convulsive gasp that escaped me encouraged her to continue, my fist moving faster over my shaft as her gentle touch sent shivers through me.
"Oh, that's nice," I sighed, "just like that, yes. I'm close, hun, so close."
Mya watched intently as my twitching increased, and my breaths became gasps of increasing volume.
Back arched, I cried out as my cock swelled to its fullest before releasing its load. Mya jumped, startled, as the first stream erupted, splattering across my chest.
My face contorted in pleasure, I continued to milk my pulsing shaft of every drop, globs running down my fist. My body trembled uncontrollably until finally I could take no more. I let go of my still throbbing cock with an exhausted sigh.
Mya was looking at me with a mix of surprise and amusement. "Feel better?"
"Oh, yes," I groaned, my body still twitching with the aftershocks of my powerful orgasm.
"Wait here, I'll bring you a washcloth."
She returned only a minute later, kissing my brow as she handed me the cloth. "Clean up; I'll go start dinner."
"Bella?" I called after her.
"Yes?"
"Thank you."
Mya simply nodded and closed the door.
-------------------------------------------
After dinner, we spent the rest of the evening watching TV. To my surprise, Mya cuddled up beside me on the couch instead taking her usual favorite spot on the adjacent loveseat.
Nor that I objected, of course. It was nice to have her want to snuggle, and although it didn't always mean she'd be in the mood for more later, I was hopeful.
That hope dimmed, however, as we settled into bed. Mya had changed into her flannel pajamas and slipped on the silk bonnet she wore to protect her hair while she slept, a sign I'd come to recognize over the years that there was little chance of any physical intimacy.
Still, her goodnight kiss lingered longer than usual. "Love you," she said sleepily, "sleep well."
"Love you too, Bella."
I lay awake to the sounds of her breathing, waiting for her to fall asleep and debating whether I was in the mood to masturbate again.
Mya tossed and turned several times, struggling to get comfortable. Her hand landed on my shoulder. "Lucas? You still awake?"
"What's wrong?"
Mya sat up, letting out a frustrated sigh as she turned on the light. "I...I can't sleep."
"Not feeling well?"
"Well, yes. And no." She laughed harshly. "I'm tired, and my back is aching again. But I also can't stop thinking about watching you earlier, and it's making me, well..."
"Horny?"
"Yes."
"Well," I ventured cautiously, "we don't have to have sex if you're not feeling up to it. But, if you wanted to, we could just...do it together?"
"Do WHAT together?"
"You know...masturbate."
"Lucas, I couldn't..."
"Mya, surely you must masturbate on your own from time to time? When I'm at work, or out with the guys on the weekend?"
Mya's blush went from red to dark crimson, which I found humorous given the olive tone of her skin. "Lucas, I don't want to talk about..."
"Oh, come on, Mya. I'm 42. You'll be 40 next month. Aren't we both a little old to be embarrassed about touching ourselves? Come on, don't you ever just take a few minutes for your own self pleasure? To relieve stress, or tension; to simply relax?"
Mya had been avoiding my gaze. Lifting her head, she met my eyes, whispering a barely audible, "Yes."
"So why not do it together? Apparently you enjoyed watching me earlier. And I'd really love to see you touch yourself, babe."
"You...you would?"
"Of course." Boldly, I threw back the covers, exposing the tent that had formed in my loose fitting sleep shorts.
Bella gasped. "You're...hard, already? Lucas, I'm a mess!"
"Not to me, babe. You're still the most beautiful woman in the world."
Her smile brightened. "You really do still find me attractive?"
"You can't tell?" I winked. "I love you, Bella. I love you so much. And I love your sexy body, your beautiful curves. I love how round your ass looks in jeans. I love the way your breasts bounce no matter what bra you wear. I love how your dark curls fall over your face and around your neck."
My cock was throbbing in my shorts. I rubbed it as I continued, "I love the look in your eyes right now, babe. I love to have you here, just sitting beside me, watching me. It's incredibly erotic."
"Is it now?" Mya grinned. Her face and body language both relaxed as she became more comfortable with what was happening. And maybe it was just a trick of the lighting, but I could swear I saw her nipples starting to harden under her flannel top.
Mya noticed me looking. Without a word she began to unbutton it.
"Mya, you don't have to..."
"I know, my love. But I want to."
Mya removed her top to reveal the simple, lacy bra that barely contained her full rounded breasts. Her dark nipples were indeed erect, poking through the soft material. After a moment's hesitation, she reached around and unhooked the strap. Her breasts fell free with a soft bounce that made me sigh.
Mya heard it. "What? What are you thinking?"
I had to laugh. "You read me so well. I was just remembering the first time I saw them. It was our third date. Backseat of my old Toyota, in the parking lot behind Sharkeys. Do you remember?"
Mya laughed. "I do! I had three Margaritas that night, which is why I finally got up the nerve to let you get to second base."
"Well, YOU actually went to third base, if you recall."
"I do," Mya smirked. "You almost ruined my fake fur jacket, you made such a mess!"
"Really? That's the memory you took away from that?"
"No," Mya sighed softly. "What I truly remember from that night is realizing how much I loved you. And what a lucky woman I was gonna be when I finally stopped playing hard to get and let you actually fuck me with that big beautiful cock."
Mya moved beside me. My arm slipped naturally around her as she snuggled close, her breasts warm and soft against my chest.
It was very much the same position we'd been in all those years ago; Mya topless beside me in the backseat, except now I was the one stroking my cock, not her.
The memories came flooding back to me; the scent of her hair and perfume, the taste of tequila on her lips, the rise and fall of her breasts as her breathing quickened with her efforts to make me cum.
Mya was remembering too. "I felt like such a slut, giving you a handjob in public like that. But I also loved every second of it. You have no idea how close I came to fucking you that night. My panties were soaked."
"And how about now?" I intoned in her ear.
Mya blushed again. "They might be a little...sticky."
"Oh God I'd love to see that."
When Mya was truly aroused, she produced a cream that was thick and intoxicating. The scent of her arousal would always quicken my pulse and raise my lust to new heights. In fact, I was dripping pre-cum just thinking about it.
Mya shucked off her pajama pants. "Do you want them, Lucas? Do you really want my wet panties?" Her voice was dripping with a lust I hadn't heard in a long time.
"Oh God, yes. Please!"
Mya slowly slid her panties down. Her curly black bush came first, followed by the dark flesh of her clitoral hood, poking up from her cleft, a sure sign she was truly aroused, because normally it was invisible beneath her plump vulva.
Mya paused. "Now I am tempted to have sex with you, but I'm also really enjoying just...watching you. Is that okay?"
"It's more than okay, Bella. I'm really enjoying this myself. Can't you tell?"
"I can," she smiled as she finished removing her panties. "If I'd have known you'd get this turned on just looking at me..."
She paused then laughed. "I dunno. Part of me finds this still really awkward. But I also can't deny it's hot!"
Then her panties were off, and she was lifting them to my face. "See? I wasn't lying."
Her scent hit me so hard my body convulsed with pleasure. It was as strong as ever. The gusset was covered with her thick white cream. I ached to taste it.
Mya read my mind. "Go ahead, I know how much you love it."
Mya had always felt self conscious about how wet she'd get, especially during oral. It had taken many years for me to convince her how much I truly loved her smell and taste, and that I didn't find eating her pussy gross.
I reminded her yet again by licking the glob of cream from the gusset hungrily. My hand was now moving along my freed cock at a steady pace as I savored her essence.
To my delight, Mya's hand moved between her legs as well. Our eyes met and, while there was still some embarrassment in hers, I saw no true shame.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," she grinned. "I also can't believe we haven't done it sooner."
Her fingers parted her labia, allowing me to admire the contrast of their sweet pink tone with the darker flesh of her surrounding vulva.
A sigh escaped her lips as she brushed over her clit. "Oh, Lucas, this feels so nice."
My cock throbbed at the passion in her voice. It had been too long since I'd heard her sound so aroused. Now that she'd let go of her inhibitions, and understood there was no pressure on her to have to do anything more than simply enjoy herself, to meet her own needs while I met mine, Mya began to masturbate in earnest.
I watched with glee as her fingers flew over her thick, swollen clit, alternating between circular and side to side motions, pausing only long enough to scoop up a dollop of her gooey cream on her fingers for lubrication.
Her face flushed, glistening with a light sheen of sweat, Mya met my awestruck gaze. "Are you enjoying this? Watching me rub myself?"
"Oh yes, Bella," I moaned.
"I see now why you enjoyed me watching you," she panted, "there's something so sexy about you watching me; the look in your eyes as you stroke your cock, staring at my pussy while I rub myself. You look so hungry for it."
"Oh God, you know I'd love to feast on you, babe."
"Maybe later," she winked. "Right now I just wanna...oh, oh God, I'm close, I think I'm...."
Her words ceased as her teeth clenched, her breasts bouncing rhythmically as her body began to tremble. Her hips thrust upwards, and soon she was crying out in pleasure, mouth agape and eyes fluttering madly as her orgasm ripped through her. "Oh, fffuck, Lucas...!"
When she finally came out of her orgasmic haze, she gave me a shy but happy smile. "Wow. I haven't cum that hard in a long time!"
I wasn't offended by her comment. On the occasions we did still have sex, I could often feel Mya's discomfort affecting her ability to relax and simply be in the moment, no matter how I tried to coax her.
Now though, freed from the pressure of having to try to please me despite her aches or ailments, she had finally been able to allow herself to enjoy her own pleasure.
"I'm happy for you," I said sincerely. "And I'm so thankful for you sharing that with me. I love seeing you in such pleasure."
"Even though you weren't the one doing it to me?"
"Just because I wasn't the one touching you, making you cum, doesn't make it any less fun," I smiled. "Watching a woman bring herself to orgasm is highly erotic for me. In fact, being honest, I usually prefer watching women masturbate than actually fucking when I watch porn. Especially the ones who don't fake it. I love seeing how wet and creamy they get, just like you, babe. I often fantasize about sitting across from them, watching them watching me while I..." I stroked my cock a few times playfully.
Mya smiled. "Really? That's surprising. I'd have thought you would prefer watching those porn stars doing all those kinky and dirty things I never could."
"Oh, I won't lie. Sometimes I watch that too. But often I just like watching them be real; giving themselves honest pleasure, not faking it while fucking some guy they probably just met."
Mya laughed. "I don't know how they do it. I could never fuck a bunch of random men like that. Although...no, nevermind."
"Hey, come on," I coaxed. "It's just me, babe. Tell me. I won't judge."
Mya took several moments to respond. Summoning all her courage, she finally confessed. "When I...take care of myself, you know, masturbate, I sometimes...oh, God, this is embarrassing. I sometimes watch...glory hole videos."
"Really?" Now it was my turn to be surprised. I'd never known Mya to watch porn. I'd suggested it a few times, years before, but she'd always declined.
"I'd never actually DO it, Lucas," Mya blurted. "Please don't think I would!"
I laughed softly. "Of course not, Mya. But there's nothing wrong with a little fantasy. Is that what you fantasize about? Sucking some random, faceless guy's cock?"
I didn't think Mya could blush more than she already had. "Sometimes. It's...it's just something so...dirty. Slutty. Something so NOT me. But it...it...gets me off, imagining it."
"Maybe...maybe we could add watching porn together to our repertoire," I suggested. "You know, share our fantasies while we..." Again, I stroked my cock.
Mya's eyes went wide. "Maybe. But right now, I really just want to watch you finally take care of that."
I needed no further encouragement. I stroked myself steadily, my hand twisting along my shaft with a firm grip. My body trembled from the sensations coursing through me.
Mya's fingers found her sticky cleft again as she watched. "That's it," she cooed, "stroke it for me. Just watching you is making me wet again."
The juicy, slippery sounds she made as she frigged her engorged clit punctuated her words. Lifting her hand, it came up dripping like honey. With a wicked grin, Mya reached over and slathered her goo on my shaft, lubricating it.
The scent of her filled my nose, strong and musky, and my pace increased as Mya returned to touching herself.
Together we gasped and groaned, our bed rocking as we shook in ecstasy, our climaxes building inside us, on the brink of explosion.
"L,Lucas," she stammered, "cum on me! Anywhere you want! I wanna feel it on my skin! I'm so close, babe, so..."
Her words cut off as her face and chest flushed a brilliant crimson through her olive skin. In a flash I was over her, between her legs, looking down at her beautiful nude body, legs spread before me, her womanly treasure red and swollen and dripping with her desire.
My cock swelled at the sight. "Here...it comes...I'm gonna..."
My cum shot out in a long, thick rope, leaving a strand that ran from her chest to navel. Mya jumped as it splattered on her, yet her eyes never left me, watching as the rest of my load erupted in repeated volleys, coating her thighs, hips, and hot, wet cunt in spunk.
"Oh, fuck, Lucas, it's so warm," she cried, rubbing it into her as she flailed away at her clit. "It...feels so...oh, god!"
Her eyes finally broke contact as they rolled back in her head, her words now cries that filled the room as she came.
I continued to milk my still throbbing cock while I watched her orgasm, no longer able to distinguish my cum from her own creamy drippings.
With a final buck of her hips and a final extended wail, her body went limp as her climax slowly ebbed.
Leaning over her, I kissed her tenderly. Her eyes opened, locking with mine, and gave me her beautiful smile.
"I love you, Mya."
"Oh, Lucas, I love you too. So much."
We lay together, hot and sticky, kissing and cuddling for several minutes.
Mya finally broke our kiss with a yawn. "This has been so wonderful, love. But I'm exhausted."
"Of course," I said, kissing her nose, "get some sleep, my dear."
"Babe? I promise I'll try and have sex with you more often, but...when I'm still not feeling up to it, maybe we can...do this, again?"
"Of course. Anytime you want."
Mya's eyes drooped, and for a moment I thought she was already sleeping. Then she laughed softly. "I really should get up and clean myself, but I'm too tired. I suppose I'll just have to change the sheets tomorrow."
"I'll help you," I promised. "First thing in the morning."
Mya offered one last sleepy, satisfied smile. "Thank you. But maybe not 'first thing.' After all, we might want to...dirty them up some more when we wake up."
------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
Not much to say on this one except it's a story based, ever so slightly, on my own personal reality.
There are plenty of ways to spice up a long term relationship that don't involve wild acrobatics or extreme kink fetishes.
If you've never simply masturbated side by side with your partner, free from the pressure of having to perform, or worrying about their pleasure, give it a try sometime.
You won't regret it.