A friend of mine remembers a plain, nerdy girl from college. Well, she grew up and blossomed into a hot 'n' horny babe. Now she's making up for lost time, and has written him about it. Please vote and send constructive feedback.
* * * * * *
Dear Tom:
I can't begin to tell you how excited I was that you answered my e-mail. I found you through one of those "classmate finder" sites and, what a surprise, discovered that you were an international reporter for California's big city newspaper! And you're also writing a novel! I'm not surprised. In school you seemed destined for greatness with your double major in English and Journalism.
It's hard to believe that was nine years ago! The last time I saw you was on graduation day from State when I sat next to you. You probably don't remember, but you were such a hero of mine: tall, good-looking, but – most of all – nice. And I was such a geek! Not just because I studied computers, but because of my mousy brown hair, glasses, baggy clothes and anti-social behavior. I was afraid to look people in the eye, and you must remember how I covered my crooked teeth with my hand when I smiled.
But you were so sweet, and always ready with a kind word when I was down. About how pretty my green eyes were...or how soft my skin was (but you only touched my hands, darn it!). Now that we're thirty (and you're married), I'll admit that you made my day whenever I caught you looking at my legs when I wore a skirt. I sweated bullets at night trying to think of a way to get you really interested, but of course I considered you so far above me. I was also a virgin's virgin (at 20!), and an awkward one at that.
Anyway, after graduation the job market was unappealing. A B.S. in Computer Science doesn't get one much. So, I went on for the M.S. and the Department hired me as a T.A. As an undergrad I'd always been broke so, with my new income, I got a serious makeover: had my teeth straightened, streaked my hair with blond highlights, learned how to do makeup, got contact lenses, and bought a new wardrobe. What a difference! It took no time for me to lose my virginity to a nerdy Assistant Professor, and I soon became enthralled with sex! Also, I finally got some self-confidence, enough to start dating.
But I hated that absurd custom. I'd always considered it so artificial. When I got my IT job here in Oregon I refused to engage in it. I made friends of both sexes and had an adequate social life, but I despised the old mating dance, and turned down virtually all offers. At the same time, as I said, I've turned into a highly sexed woman. It's just that I've engaged in self-satisfaction...or periodically have found men whom I'd probably see only once and never again. The past few years I've become a real pro at one- or two-night stands.
That sounds awful, or at least pretty mysterious. Anyway, I won't bore you anymore with my rambling. I hope it's okay to e-mail Word files to you. And, I hope you'll answer them. Now that I've found you after all these years, I'd like to stay in touch. If that puts pressure on you I'll stop. I hope it doesn't, because you're one of my most favorite people in the whole world!
Anxious to hear from you. Tell me all about your novel!
Lois
* * * * * *
Dear Tom,
Once again, I'm thrilled to hear from you, so much so that I'm responding immediately!
I'll try to give you some notion of what I've been doing but, if I start to wander, I hope you'll understand. I feel as if you've re-connected me with my past, even though my past was never anything to brag about. One of its brightest memories was of you...your sensitive eyes...your quiet, reassuring voice...your gentleness. Honest to God...and honest to you...I've got to take a break right now. My nervous hands are shaking so badly I can hardly type.
Okay. It's an hour later. I took a soothing shower and stuff and I've calmed down. Plus, I re-read both your e-mails and took a magnifying glass to the picture of our graduating class...the one where I stood next to you. You were so handsome!...and so sweet-looking. A young man with worlds to conquer!
That's why just now I couldn't believe your last note. The part about your divorce. I'm so sorry! Was your wife that tall, haughty, brunette sorority girl you were dating? I never knew her name, but I could see then that she might hurt you. She seemed so hard...so self-centered and shallow.
I was also surprised to hear more about the novel you're writing. A bit "pornographic," you said. I never would've guessed that you'd try something like that. You were always so straight!
I should talk. But now I feel a bit more free than before about telling you some of my secrets, especially since you've asked me to. There's so much I've kept pent up inside – and over the years have thought about telling you if I ever saw you again – that I might sound a little crazy. But I respect and trust you so much that I'm going to do it anyway. If it gets to be too much, just be as honest with me as I am with you and tell me to stop.
Six years ago, after my M.S. degree, I got a job here at a large medical HMO as a senior IT technician. When I became a supervisor I found the work challenging, but I had lots of free time after hours. Not really into the drinking and dating scene, I volunteered to do evening patient care at the hospital connected with the Center. I ended up in the prosthetic ward, where people learn how to use artificial limbs. It was only a few weeks before I was hooked...hooked on helping the physically handicapped. There were just a few patients at first, then military men started showing up from Afghanistan, men whose arms and legs had been blown off and transferred from Walter Reed back east. The Center has a contract with the Veterans Administration, you see.
That was challenging! I found myself acting as a physical therapist, psychologist, mother, aunt, secretary, letter writer, and ecumenical pastor. After a couple of years, I confess – to you and only you – that I became a surrogate girlfriend to some. The first time I found my "hands-on services" needed I was almost as naïve as I'd been in college. The young man was 24 and absolutely darling. He was from North Carolina and his charm was infectious. Both of his legs had been amputated, one below the knee, the other at mid-thigh. He was making good progress with his prosthetics and was anxious to return home, where he planned to be married.
We'd become friends and I'd laughed at his incessant, innocent flirting, until one night when I reported in after work. The nurse in charge said he'd received bad news from home that day and that I should be empathic and supportive. I entered his room and he was turned away from me, apparently asleep. I touched his shoulder and he told me to go away. I asked if he wanted to talk and he said, "Not with a woman, especially a hot one like you!"
I'd never been told that I was "hot," even though of late people have found me attractive. I touched him again and he turned over. His eyes were red from crying. Finally he told me he'd received a "Dear John" letter from his girlfriend. I did my best to cheer him up, and told him all the standard stuff about her "not being worth it," etc. He just nodded his head as I stood next to his bed, trying to soothe him, speaking softly and caressing his hand. A couple of minutes went by and he began looking at me with that hungry, puppy-ish look that men get when they want a hug...or sex. I saw that he was getting excited. I mean, the bedcovers over his groin had started to bulge. He let go of my hand and reached over, very tentatively, to touch my tummy. I was wearing my full-length lab coat but it was undone, and underneath I had on a dress that buttoned from my neck down to its hem at my knees. He kept brushing his fingers over my stomach, and I didn't move away. I felt the blood pounding in my ears as I got excited, and stepped toward the bed, letting him kind of pull at the buttons on my dress. I felt a numbness inside, was tingling all over, then my panties got damp. I felt so sorry for him, and I knew that he wanted me (can you imagine? Me, the timid little geek!), so I stepped even closer to him. That single, simple act was pivotal in my life as I look back on it.
My ears were ringing as he undid a couple of buttons near my navel. I jumped a little when he gently caressed my bare skin underneath. I remember myself moaning and him whispering, "Skin's so soft." My tummy trembled at his touch and he undid another button to slide his hand all the way inside. I recall breathing hard, and that my knees started shaking as he stroked lower and lower, finally slipping his fingers inside my bikini panties since I wasn't wearing pantyhose. Our eyes were locked as he combed lower through my pubic hair. I licked my lips and grabbed onto the bed rail with both hands, whimpering. Finally he touched my labia and split them with two fingers, soaking them. He quickly pulled his hand out and licked it noisily, then stuck it back inside my dress. I whined, unabashedly spreading my legs and bending my knees so he could slowly slip his fingers into my vagina.
I was on fire, Tom! He whispered that my juice was like honey and I almost fainted. I was the only one who'd ever tasted my discharge before, and I'd never experienced oral sex – though I'd given guys head a few times – so I was a little surprised that I tasted good. Then, without a word he pulled back the covers and bared his cock. It was as hard as iron, poking through his pajama fly and sticking straight up at the ceiling. I was perspiring now, and it took no more than two seconds for me to reach over, fondle his dick softly, and start slowly masturbating him from balls to tip. His eyes closed and he got the sweetest smile on his face as my hand moved lovingly up and down his stiff cock. With my other hand I lowered the bed rail, allowing him to slide his gooey fingers in and out of my pussy. After that everything happened so fast. Though it was the last thing I ever expected to do, I leaned over and slipped my mouth over his prick and started sucking on him. Soon my head was bobbing up and down and I was hunching my crotch against his hand. We did that forever, it seemed like, but it was probably no more than five minutes, then we both came at the same time. It was heavenly! What amazed me was that as his hot, thick cum shot into my mouth I just swallowed and swallowed until he'd finished. I'd never done that before. It's as if I couldn't get enough of him! When we both stopped cumming my weak knees almost collapsed.
It was a close call, since I'd just finished buttoning my dress when the nurse came in for some reason. That had never happened before on the night shift. I excused myself and moved on to the next room, this one housing an older woman, but not before I told the guy that I'd see him the following night, which I may tell you about next time.
I hope there'll be a next time. I've attached a recent photo to this file so you can see how my looks have changed in the past nine years. Please let me know if I've said too much, Tom.
Your special friend,
Lois
* * * * * *
My Dear Tom,
God, you're flattering! My picture couldn't have been that good! I'm still 5'6" tall. Sure, I've changed a bit but I've always been kind of curvy (36C-23-37!), which my miniskirt and sweater show in the photo. When you knew me in college I had so little confidence that I always covered up my body with baggy old clothes!
Anyway, I'm glad you weren't shocked by my little story about the guy in the hospital. I'm even more glad that you want to hear what happened after that, because it set a pattern for me that I still follow. I just had a flash: Are you going to put me in your porno novel?
As you know I couldn't care less about "dating." It always seemed to me like an elaborate sham to disguise its real reason for being, which is to bring people together so they can fuck (excuse my language!). Call me cynical, but if you can give me a better rationale, I'd welcome it. In my own way I've just cut short the process. I'm on birth control so I'm not contributing to overpopulation, and feel as if I'm doing something good for humanity. To make a long story short, I'm hung up on fucking people who are physically handicapped or disabled. My way is a lot more honest, my companions are easy to find, they're free of disease for the most part (I try to choose carefully), and – my goodness – are they ever grateful!
Like the young guy in the hospital. The day after our little get-together I was out of my mind with excitement. I carefully selected a mini dress that barely made it past my crotch. It buttoned all the way up too, just in case he wanted to get to my breasts. I didn't wear a bra, but I did choose a pair of sexy, lace bikini panties. All that day I kept my lab coat buttoned so my co-workers wouldn't be the wiser. At the end of the day I stopped in the restroom at the hospital to pee before going to the prosthetics ward. In the stall I decided to lose my panties, which I stuffed in my purse. I'd gotten just a taste the night before. On this night I wanted the whole enchilada!
When I got to his room I was pleased to see him sitting in a wheelchair with his prosthetic limbs affixed. Our session the night before had obviously improved his mood, since he was all smiles. He told me he'd gotten permission from the PT tech to use the Physical Therapy room after 5 p.m. I'd done this before with other patients who needed extra practice walking with new limbs, and the PT tech trusted me so there was no problem.
Once inside the door we locked it and dimmed the lights to near dark. I unbuttoned my lab coat and his hands were all over me. I was standing next to him seated in the wheelchair, and he clutched my crotch to his face, lifting my skirt. He buried his nose in my pussy and began slurping away. I just closed my eyes and moaned as I held his head, spreading my legs slightly so he could lick my clitoris. I'd never in my life had anyone eat me, and I broke out in goose bumps and whined as he kept at it. I could tell the position was uncomfortable for him, though, so I suggested that we use a bench on one of the weight machines.
I helped him out of the chair onto his back, during which time he introduced himself as Gary, and he asked me to straddle him and sit on his face. I did so, supporting myself on the frame above his head, and gently squatted onto his ravenous mouth. That's the night I fell in love with cunnilingus. As I've said, no one had ever done it to me and I was absolutely ablaze with desire! When I came, I came big-time! I'm glad hospital walls are relatively soundproof, because I screamed bloody murder! When I was finished I moved slowly down over his chest and onto his big rod. We fucked for what seemed like an hour. I came twice more and he dumped two huge loads into me before we were through. Up to that point, it was the best sex I'd ever had.
Gary and I continued our affair for the next month, then he was discharged. He wrote a few times, then his letters stopped. By that time, I'd found new friends, all veterans of the Afghan war. Except for the wonderful individual personalities, though, all of my G.I. relationships were the same. They loved me for the physical relief I provided, but their eyes were always on the future...when they were going home. As a result, I began to see myself as an unlicensed nurse who specialized in unconventional care, which didn't bother me. I'd always been an unconventional person.
By the way, I don't have any nude photos of myself, now that you've asked. Why would you want one of me? Is your novel illustrated? Since you're newly divorced, you should have a hundred women after you! If I didn't live 800 miles away, I'd be on your doorstep!
I'll see what I can do about a picture of me naked, though. Should I be doing anything in particular? Just kidding...I think.
Lois
* * * * * *
Dearest Tom,
I couldn't believe your response to my last letter! You're such a naughty boy! I can't believe I'm sending dirty pictures to a big city newspaper columnist, even if you are my friend of longest standing.
As you can see from the attached photos, I complied with your request. It wasn't easy. I'm such a private person that going to one of those sex shops to buy a dildo was downright embarrassing! But while I was there I found a few other items that'll make my life a bit richer. This is all for your benefit, you understand! Yeah...sure.
Well, you asked me to continue my story, so here goes! After my first fling with Gary there were others at the hospital, usually one at a time. Then came the Iraq invasion and the number of amputees skyrocketed. I found myself exhausted after three hours at the hospital, ministering to the various needs of some very sweet guys. Sexually, I sometimes helped two or three a night, those whom I reasoned might never get laid again because of their handicaps. At that point the PT tech approached me and asked if we could have dinner together. I asked him to my house, since I make a meanFettucineAlfredo. His name is Joel, and in the middle of dinner he told me he'd heard I was giving "special treatment" to some of the vets, and that I ought to be very careful.
We talked about what to do and he volunteered to be my watchdog – listening for rumors among the troops – if I'd do the same for him. He told me he was gay, that he'd be fired if the word got out, and I could hardly believe it. Six feet-four, 230 pounds of solid muscle...and Joel is gay! I told him I'd squelch any rumors I heard about him, even lying to accusers, saying he'd been to bed with me. It was a clever smokescreen, but I became uneasy about the underlying threat to my job.
So, I decided to broaden my horizons. I'd heard through the grapevine that the HMO's motor pool sold their old vans – the ones rigged to transport patients in wheelchairs, with other amenities – at auction when they reached certain mileage. The motor pool guy assured me that, if properly maintained, they possibly had another 100,000 miles of life in them. He also told me he could bend the rules and "pre-sell" one to me very cheaply. You know what's coming, Tom. I could take my weird sex life on the road!
In the meantime I was busy with my "patients." There was one kid who stands out, an amputee who'd lost a leg in an IED explosion. He could have been my brother: timid, geeky, yet anxious to prove himself by enlisting in the macho Marine Corps. He was tall and skinny, very intelligent, and loved my massages, which usually ended up in masturbation and fellatio. One night in the PT room I was helping him walk between the parallel bars, two horizontal bars that one can rest their arms on to take weight off their legs while getting used to their new prosthetic limbs.
I'll quote what he said: "Tonight I want that succulent, round ass." I told him I'd never done that and he pushed me harder, finally insisting that he'd tell the administration about my habits if I didn't grant him his wish. I panicked, dropped to my knees between the bars and gave him what I thought was a world-class blowjob. But it wasn't enough. Through sheer force of will (I tell myself), he had me turn my back to him and place my arms on the bars. Then he reached down and lifted my lab coat and skirt up to lay them on my back. I'd already fucked a guy down the hall that evening so I was without panties and a bit messy, but it didn't bother this kid. He swiped his fingers up my slit and rubbed the goo onto my rectum, then spat a huge stream of saliva down onto my asshole.
For the next fifteen or so minutes he was rough, brutal in fact, and I thought he'd punch through my colon. The only pleasure I gained was from my fingers diddling my clit which, because of concentration, blocked out the pain and I was at least able to cum at the end, just after he'd filled my bowels with his hot spunk.
I decided at that point that I needed a period of adjustment in my life.
I took a few days off from volunteering at the hospital, but then became bored. I got a call from the motor pool guy and he said he had a van for me. The next day I saw it, drove it, went to the credit union, took out a loan, and drove it home two days later.
It was ideal. A beautiful sound system; top-of-the-line upholstery and carpeting; rigged with a power ramp and inside anchors for wheelchairs; yet it had enough leftover space (with a ten-foot-long interior) for a small mattress from a child's crib, a low, short bench, and a nice mirror on one wall! I needed to try it out, and I had the perfect time and place for that...the coming weekend in town.
It was the annual Western Fair at the city park, drawing thousands over a three-day period. It was the town's chance to dress up in western gear and have fun. There were hundreds of booths selling everything from canaries to condoms. And, there was beer. I parked my new van in the five-story parking complex a block away from the park. I'd dressed the part, I thought. I was wearing a tight, sleeveless, red paisley-printed mini dress that buttoned from the waist to the short hem, and a pair of cowboy boots. I'd purposely not worn any panties. On top was a black, suede leather jacket – a bolero – that stopped at my waist. For an accent I wore a black, toreador-style Mexican hat that I thought was kind of cute.
I guess I dressed appropriately, since several young men started following me around. Finally, after perusing all of the booths, I just sat on a park bench and talked to guys as they came and went. I made it quite clear that I wasn't there to meet people...but just to relax. Still, I had a lot of beers bought for me that afternoon.
When the crowd thinned out I went back to a booth that had the neatest hand-thrown pottery. The booth guy was very knowledgeable, and lectured me on indigenous (Indian) art as he sat on a high stool behind the counter. I listened to him for a half-hour, then bought him a beer to listen some more. He was fascinating...and I began checking him out physically. He was compact, with short, muscular arms and meaty hands. His shoulders looked powerful – bearish almost – and his torso narrowed to a vee until I could see no more below the counter. We'd been talking about the Anasazi people's influence on North American art and he got off his stool to show me a book that he had. When he did, his head nearly dropped below the counter. He was a dwarf!
Without missing a beat, he brought me the book, I laid it on the counter, and he resumed his perch in the booth. As he walked me through the book, I was in a fog. More to the point: I was getting really hot! What I did from then until he closed up his booth for the night I don't remember, except that my pussy was moist and I was buzzing inside. What I do remember is telling him I'd give him a ride to his hotel. Just before he closed he told me to go on ahead and he'd meet me in the parking lot. I got the feeling that he didn't want to be seen with me, or that he just wanted to watch my ass wiggle as I strolled to the lot in my boots.
Did I care? I started walking, looking behind myself every 50 yards or so to see if he was coming. He was always way back, trudging along on his short little legs. As I strode to the car, I wondered what weird mishap had occurred in his mother's womb to create such a perfect upper half, yet such a cruel, misshapen lower. But, just like at the hospital, my thoughts turned profoundly sexual and I hurried my pace, anticipating fucking this guy in my van, regardless of how "limited" he might appear to be!
He wasn't limited, though, Tom. I got to the van, threw open the side door and sat on the narrow bench in back. When he got to the door he was very candid and said in a tight voice, "Your walk is outrageous! Let me see you." I shuddered at the hungry look in his eyes...and did what he wanted. I pulled up my skirt, spread my legs widely, holding them up behind the knees, and waited until he scrambled inside. He slid the door closed and began licking me from my ass to my clit. I cried out, almost in desperation I wanted him so much, and in moments he brought me to my first orgasm with his tongue. But that was just the beginning. Aside from having a long, thick cock, he was marvelously inventive and caused me to climax two or three more times. When he started to leave – apparently not wanting me to know where he was staying – it seemed much too early and I complained. He allowed me to fellate him and swallow his semen because I whined like a baby. When he left, I realized that I'd reached a new threshold.
I wanted more of the same: sex with unknown, physically-challenged men, the more anonymous the better. I also knew that I'd do almost anything to get it.
There's so much more to tell, but not in this letter. Attached are more photos (I'm thinking of you in the one of me cumming with the dildo). I'm too shy to take one of me fucking someone right now, though. Could you send me a picture of you?
Constantly thinking of you,
Lois
* * * * * *
Dear big, beautiful Tom,
I got your picture with your last note. My God, you're gorgeous! I'll be honest and tell you that I printed it and masturbated with it sitting in front of me. You're unfair, sending a photo of yourself at the beach squeezed into those swim trunks...so tan and yummy! You said it wasn't a recent picture, though. I hope to see one of those soon,withouta ravishing blonde hanging all over you. .
Your letters are so persistent! If I didn't know better I'd think you were writing a porno biography of me! I can see it now...Lois: the late bloomer who found happiness by fucking the handicapped.Sorry. That's cruel, even though it's not far from the truth. For you and only you I'll continue my confessions. It really turns me on to do so, by the way.
After a couple of weeks I gravitated back to doing volunteer work at the hospital after hours. I also became a bit more discriminating when it came to selecting guys to fuck. You'll be pleased to hear that I used you as a behavioral model, observing how "nice" my lovers were with other people before doing them. I'd had enough of the conceited know-it-alls who thought all they had to do was show me their cocks, talk some shit, and I'd be all over them. I'd been bored by that in my early days as a volunteer. So, to broaden my pool of candidates, I started using the rapid transit trains and parking my van in the station lot closest to where I live.
The beauty of rapid transit train stations is that they're multi-storied and they have elevators for wheel-chaired folks, as well as escalators for the rest of us. By hanging out around the elevator entrances, I could pick and choose men I wanted to be with who'd just arrived at the station. Then I'd offer to help them upstairs. Once I got them in the elevator they were mine. No one was able to resist my slutty banter as I slowly lifted my skirts to tempt them with my wet pussy.
For example, a few weeks ago I met a guy at the train station who was perfect. He was African-American. I don't know if I've told you, but when I started my indiscriminate adventures at the hospital I took on all comers...or should I say, "cummers!" Blacks, Asians from many places, Hispanics, Native Americans...it didn't matter. One of the black guys I was with early on talked so much he was distracting. Tom, I realize that it's important stereotypic behavior to verbally humiliate white women while self-styled black studs are fucking them, but – give me a break! – all I wanted was to get both of us off. Well, he rapped, rapped, and rapped some more about his gigantic black dick in my tight white pussy until I turned my head around (he was doing me like a dog) and yelled, "Shut up, will you, you're not the first! Just fuck me, for Christ's sake!"
I hate it when that happens.
Anyway, weeks ago this other black soldier in a wheelchair got off the train and was waiting outside the elevator door. He was awfully handsome, kind of a dark caramel-color, and dressed in his highly-starched summer khaki uniform. It appeared that he might be missing the lower part of one limb, or a foot, since his muscular thighs and calves filled out his pants completely. I offered to help him upstairs and he responded with the sweetest smile, calling me "ma'm." He told me he was visiting an aunt who was sick from cancer before he traveled to the east coast. I offered to drive him to his aunt's, wait for him, and take him wherever he was going after that. Hey, I support our troops! On top I was wearing a sleeveless, skin tight turtleneck that showed my assets. Below I wore a long denim skirt with slits up the sides and no panties, though he didn't know that. He was very grateful for my offer, and stayed in his chair after we got to the van, periodically straightening his uniform in the large mirror I'd installed in back...for decidedly different purposes.
Outside his aunt's house in a ramshackle part of town, I waited, at his insistence. I assumed that, while he was paying his respects, it might be dicey to explain the presence of a white woman, even though the van itself looked pretty official and institutional. I waited for an hour, reading, and at the end of another hour he wheeled himself out and boarded the van. He looked exhausted, was sweating through the armpits of his khakis, and appeared glad to be on his way. He asked me if, before we returned to the train station, we could drive past his old high school. I agreed to, and we ended up on a deserted bluff overlooking the school's football field, apparently where he'd played as a youth.
He talked as if in a dream about his glory days on the gridiron, and he left his chair to squeeze by the engine cowling to sit in the passenger seat. I just listened...and listened, until he stopped talking. Finally, he took my hand in both of his and said, "Thank you!" Then, he complimented me on the softness...and whiteness...of my skin, and moved his hands up my arms to my shoulders, creating goose bumps from his caresses. I shivered, not really from horniness, though I was quite aware of the dampness between my legs. His hands seemed to infuse in me a warm, glowing gentleness that stimulated my juices. I exhaled quickly and asked him if he'd ever been with a white woman. His dark eyes scanned my breasts and both of my thighs as the slits in my skirt bared them. He shook his head "no," and looked me in the eyes. "Would you like to be with me?" I asked, glancing quickly toward the back of the van. He got the message. As he moved I helped him – pawing him, really – almost desperate to feel his skin under my fingertips. Now I was horny! We both felt that way, as we wended our way past his wheelchair to the small bed I'd laid out just inside the rear doors.
On our knees, we began undressing each other. I was naked in a heartbeat, but it took longer for him to shed his uniform. I was dying to get at his cock, so I frantically drew down his boxers. Half erect and drooping, his tool was maybe eight inches long, and perhaps two-and-a-half inches in diameter, interlaced with rough-looking veins, with an artery running along its top that looked as thick as a #2 pencil. The crown of his dick was dark purple in color and as smooth to the touch as a baby's bottom. With a whimper, I took it into my mouth long before his butt dropped to the mattress so that we could pull off his trousers and shoes. He cried out with joy when my lips sucked him in, but then he relaxed a bit and completely disrobed as I drooled all over his prick.
I finally saw his artificial foot and ankle, and the horrible shrapnel scars from his wound. If anything, they made me want to please him all the more. I couldn't take all of him in my mouth because of his size, but it hardly mattered. He grunted out, "My name's Brent...what's yours?" Between long, worshipful sucks I murmured my name. Then he complimented my body further – its curves, its tone, its pale, appetizing flesh – just before we positioned ourselves in a "69." We ate at one another for the longest time. I climaxed gloriously as he held my hips fast against his face, then he exploded into my mouth, pumping so much cum into my throat that I couldn't keep up while swallowing. When both of us were through, he came up and embraced me, but I wasn't yet ready to relax. I splayed my legs, locking my heels to his butt, and began rubbing his cock in my slit, which quickly made him hard again. Whew! Just thinking about it now makes me wet.
I'm going to take a break, Tom. I'll be back in a while.
I don't know why I tell you when I'm stepping away from the computer. It's not as if we're on the phone! Anyway – honesty, right? – a half hour ago I went to the bathroom and tried to masturbate over the guy – Brent – I was talking about above. And I couldn't get off! Out of sight, out of mind, I guess. So...Tom, I thought of you and wham! I screeched so loud while cumming I hope I didn't disturb my neighbor! Anyway, I'll continue now with my last elevator romance, though I've got to admit that right now it doesn't seem as hot as it did before.
This guy, Brent, slipped into me in one slow push. My pussy just yawned open for him. I felt him way inside, rubbing my cervix, and tried to move. He wouldn't let me, though. He kept our pelvises locked together and he moved his hips in a slow circle, making me breathless as he reamed me out. Gradually I loosened up inside to his literal screwing, then he began sliding very slowly in and out while he rolled his hips. He pushed and he rolled and I squirmed and yelped as he sped up. He grabbed my tits and started nibbling on my nipples as we fucked faster. My juices started running out of me in what felt like torrents, as my pussy made funny little smacking noises around his big probe. Then I noticed he was chanting something under his breath. I stopped whimpering and listened. He was praying! He was quoting things directly from the Bible! Psalms and other stuff!
Well, I almost laughed, but didn't, because I was afraid he might lose his hard-on. I just brought his head down and listened to him whisper his incantations into my ear until we were fucking so hard and fast that all we could do was yelp, whimper and grunt. I felt the beginnings of an orgasm, those little tingly feelings in my toes and little flashes in my belly, and I swear I could feel the head of his cock expand at my cervix as he hammered away. It was probably just me starting to clamp down, though. It didn't matter, because I knew we were both close to erupting. Our loins began trembling involuntarily as we thrashed against one another, trying to wring out a simultaneous climax. And we did, big-time! One final thrust into me and he froze, bathing my insides with jet after jet of his scalding cum, which triggered shrieks from me and a one-minute fireworks show behind my clenched eyelids. By the time we stopped twitching, a huge pool of semen had run out of me onto the sheet covering the little bed.
"Praise God!" he gasped loudly.
A minute later, as I reached to put on my clothes, I mumbled, "Whatever." I've never been very religious.
On the way back to the train station he told me he was entering a seminary back east, hoping to become an ordained minister. I wished him luck and we parted. God, I lead a weird life!
That's my latest fuck story, Tom. I'll write more if you want. And...I've given some thought to your request for pictures of me fucking guys. I guess I'll do it, when I think through all the details about how to get them. I mean, you need visual stimulation as a pornographic novelist, right? I want them to be especially good. In the meantime, please write and let me know what you think of the ones I'm sending with this note.
Lois
* * * * * *
Hello again, sweetest Tom,
It's been so many days since you last wrote that I was afraid I'd offended you in some way. Thank goodness you were away on assignment! I did a lot of hand-wringing when I didn't hear from you immediately.
But when I did it was certainly worth it! I can't thank you enough for the picture of you...naked and masturbating. Okay, I'm jealous that you're shooting your load into that stunning redhead's mouth, but I can't really be choosy. After I printed it, I cut off most of her face, so now just her open lips and tongue are shown slurping at your dick. I imagine her to be me. And what a gorgeous dick you have! I keep a copy of the photo in my nightstand, so it's the first thing I see in the morning and the last I see at night. I'm such a freak!
Again you said it wasn't a recent picture. C'mon! Have one of those hot babes of yours take a snapshot of you and send it to me! I've shown you tons of mine! And thanks, by the way, for all the compliments. I guess it's turned out that I have a pretty nice body! I watch my diet carefully and you know the kind of exercise I prefer!
Anyway, I hope you had a nice Fourth of July. I certainly did! Again at the two-block-square city park, there were scores of booths selling stuff. There was also a long parade with lots of war veterans. Of course, I was especially interested in the disabled vets, and there were dozens...a few from as far back as WWII.
As usual I parked in the multi-story lot a couple of blocks away. I prepared well for the holiday, packing some sandwiches and a cooler of beer in the van. I'd previously arranged for the hospital PT tech – my gay friend Joel – to meet me during the afternoon. Thinking of you, I asked him to take pictures of me with some guy I might be entertaining during the day. He's a bi- voyeur anyway, so it was a turn-on for him and he agreed. I also shaved my pussy, which you'll notice in the attached pix, leaving just a little triangle of hair above my slit. And finally, I set a goal for myself. Before I went home that day I wanted to fuck at least four guys who truly appealed to me...all in my van, which I planned to move periodically so as not to arouse suspicion.
I got lucky early, arriving about ten in the morning. The park and the booths were already crowded. It was a hot day, and I'd dressed appropriately...denim miniskirt (with panties, this time!) and a thin, cropped, sleeveless cotton top (with a push-up bra!) to accent my 36C tits and show some tight midriff. (Yeah! My waist is holding at 23", and my legs are long and shapely too!). Such a slut, I also wore wedgie high heels on my feet so my calf muscles would stand out. Several men cast sidelong glances at me and complimented my body quietly as I passed them. I'd seen one guy earlier, tall (maybe 6'2"), with a full head of hair, once blond but turning gray, square-shouldered with a solid build, and deeply-chiseled facial features. He was in his late fifties to early sixties, wearing a fatigue jacket with its left arm pinned up to his shoulder...obviously a war veteran. He was the archetypal WASP, with a salt-and-pepper mustache and clear blue eyes, married (his ring told me that), with a dumpy little woman next to him who was probably his wife.
She appeared bored. I followed them as they looked at the booths, and – sure enough! – she left after a while, leaving me an open moment to get close to him and talk. I stood next to him at an Asian basket booth and asked the attendant about a particular item. "That's from Cambodia," said the guy I'd been following. I asked how he knew, and that broke the ice. For the next fifteen minutes he related his Vietnam stories to me, which were fascinating. Finally, I glanced at my watch and he apologized for taking my time. I told him I was thirsty because of the heat and I'd buy him a beer, even though it was early. He insisted that we go to a beer bar across the street from the park. When we got there it was overflowing with young vets who were spilling out onto the sidewalk. It took me less than a minute to convince him we should go to my van, since I'd stocked it with beer and picnic goodies. His wife, he said, hated Fourth of July parties. She'd left him to visit her sister for the morning, and would pick him up around noon. I figured that gave me enough time to fit him into my holiday agenda.
I slid open the side door of the van and climbed in, moving to the back where I'd put the picnic basket and beer. He slid closed the door. I pulled two bottles of beer out of the cooler, handed them to him with an opener, and straddled the low, plastic-covered bench I keep in back. I know he was looking at my damp crotch under my miniskirt. He regarded me strangely, then said, "I only have one arm."
I blushed and apologized. Of course he couldn't open a beer bottle, except with his teeth! Then he told me he wasn't really thirsty, and we hadn't come out here to drink, anyway, had we! I murmured a very meek "No," and both of us started undressing. It was almost agonizingly rational, Tom! Neither of us said a word until we were both naked! Then, as he knee-walked back to where I was, with his long, mature cock rising and his full balls swinging with each movement, he said that he hoped that such a gorgeous young woman as I wouldn't be disappointed with an old man. Had I not been so hungry for him (my pussy felt absolutely buttery!), I might've laughed at his incredible modesty!
I whimpered when he hugged me with his very strong right arm. I kissed the stump of his left, all over, and wondered how – maybe forty years earlier, long before I was born – he would've felt when he was whole. It didn't matter. I was going to take his cock inside myself, share maybe a half hour of joy while exchanging our fluids, and walk away, both of us as innocent as we'd been when we'd met in the park. Of all the men I'd ever been with to that point, I knew he understood.
He was so gentle! We shoved the bench aside and he took me on my back, with my legs ever-so-willing to clasp behind his buns. By the time he was in me it took no more than thirty seconds for me to cum, whining, crying, blubbering nonsense I'm now too embarrassed to repeat. He kept whispering in my ear how he'd like to give me a baby, and I kept responding "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" until he again brought me to orgasm, this time screaming, as I'd not yet descended from the previous one. Finally, showing the patience of Job, he absolutely plowed me to an amazing, silent, shuddering climax, causing me almost to black out it was so intense. To this day, I'm still trying to figure out what made that one coupling so special.
I dozed a bit...I think...and he roused me before he left, fully dressed. "Thank you, little lady," he said. "Gotta go. Wife's pickin' me up 'bout noon," then he disappeared. He hadn't even cum!
I guess the humorous way to end that story is, "Who was that masked man?" But, truly, Tom, I was more than moved. The earth had done that for me. And I've said enough for this letter.
I hope to finish my Fourth of July tales in the next one.
Please, please answer. You've become an addiction with me. I need to hear from you.
Kisses all over,
Lois
* * * * * *
My darling Tom,
Yeah, it's come to that..."darling." I'm so obsessed with you I could scream. Your old pictures, your letters, reading your columns on the Internet...I'm finding myself daydreaming like a schoolgirl about you at work! And I'm a boss! This isn't supposed to happen! I find myself wanting to whisper in your ear at night, "Take me, Tommy!" I realize, of course, that your diminutive nickname would drive you crazy, piss you off, or whatever compound prepositional phrase might be applicable to a big-time writer this week. I'm also really curious about your porno novel.
Damn it, Tom, something has to be done here. I want to fly down to see you one of these weekends...just to get acquainted again in person. Well, that's what I'm suggesting, at least. Even though I'd want to sleep with you, if you have a new girlfriend or accommodations aren't right, I could easily stay elsewhere. Anything would be better than these periodic, one-way confessionals about my kinky sex life! Think how frustrated I feel when I think of you just absorbing all the lurid facts about my absurdly glandular existence! Jesus!
Okay, that's off my chest. Now, I suppose you want to hear more about my Fourth of July fuck-fest! Well, brace yourself!
After the Vietnam vet had left, I moved the van down to the fourth floor and got a parking spot in a corner. I walked back to the park a bit addled, kind of wandering and feeling the air on my bare, moist pussy. The Vietnam vet, whose name I didn't catch, had made quite an impression, and he was nowhere to be seen, unfortunately. I'd gotten a taste of something that I couldn't identify, a germ of something portentous that had made my insides quiver. I wished I'd gotten his name, number, something, just so we could talk further.
But, I remembered the day's mission, and it didn't involve much talking! Back at the park I had a beer and started checking out some of the prospects. One guy my age on metal crutches with long stringy hair, a U.S. Army field jacket with the sleeves missing, and military tattoos, tried to engage me, but turned me off. The guy who really interested me after a while was sitting on a park bench, reading a paperback, and was dressed neatly in a sport coat and slacks. His left foot was a prosthetic. But what distinguished him from the scores of other vets that day was that he wore a green beret with military insignia. He looked 35-40 and – as I leaned against a short iron fence twenty feet away – I realized he was looking at me over the top of his dark glasses. He smiled knowingly, patted the vacant spot on the bench next to where he was sitting, and I pointed to myself, in effect asking if he was motioning to me. He nodded slowly and continued smiling. If he hadn't beckoned to me I probably would've taken the initiative, walked over, and started a conversation with him anyway. He was hot, but in an understated way.
When I sat down he said, "I was wondering when you'd get here, and I'm so glad you didn't overdress." I blushed and squeezed my thighs together, hyper-conscious of my naked pussy – now again growing moist – under my miniskirt. Before I could say anything he'd stood and offered me his arm. "I'm parked a few blocks away and my house is just five miles down the interstate."
I was so surprised! I finally gained my voice and told him I was waiting for a friend...Joel, the PT tech...whom I'd agreed to meet after the parade. He looked disappointed, until I told him about my van in the parking lot. He brightened and – without hesitation – suggested we go to it. From the moment we'd said hello there was never any question as to what we'd do. It was as if we fucked every day at this time and we were meeting for our scheduled romp. As we walked he talked non-stop. He'd lost a leg in the first Gulf War. Every year on the Fourth he made a ceremonial visit to the park to pick up a woman to have sex with. He owned a small accounting business, and he was reading a book by a well-known comedian. At the elevator he asked which floor I was parked on, I told him "4," and he punched "3." I started to press 4, myself, as the car started moving, but he grabbed my wrist in an iron grip to prevent it.
"Humor me," he said firmly, "I want to follow you up a flight of stairs." His tone was so firm that it was sexy...quietly demanding. I felt a buzzing in my crotch and was extremely wet. We got off at the third floor and walked to the nearby two-flight stairwell. Four steps up the first flight and he stopped me by reaching under my skirt and holding the outside of my hips. His hands stroked me from waist to thighs and I thought my heart would burst from my chest from excitement. "Your pelvis is made for motherhood," he murmured. I was trembling, and when he slid one hand between my legs to touch my drooling pussy, I whimpered and thrust back onto his fingers. He chuckled, muttering something about how he knew I'd be without panties when he first saw me, and that he was glad I was all ready for him. He licked my cream from his fingers, then pushed me slightly and I continued to walk up the stairs, with him limping behind, to where the steps doubled back for the second flight. There he took my hand and pulled me around a thick concrete pillar with a large space behind it. We were now hidden from the sight of anyone who might come up or down from adjoining floors.
It was outrageous! My knees nearly buckled as he scooped me into his arms for a deep, tongue-lashing kiss. I meekly traced the bulge in his trousers with my nails, then blatantly unzipped him, groping inside his fly for his cock. I pulled it out and wordlessly knelt before him to sink the beautiful, thick, veiny thing into my mouth. God, I love the taste of a new cock on my tongue! The cement floor was dirty, though, and cold. He seemed aware of that and pulled me to my feet after a couple of minutes, turning me around. I automatically spread my legs and stepped up with one leg onto a niche in the concrete wall so he could get at me. My buttocks quivered in those few seconds as I waited until he touched me with his cock. I whined when I felt its blunt heat against my sopping labia and I thrust back onto him, causing both of us to groan as he rammed deeply into me.
Well, Tom, he took me hard. Our thighs slapped together loudly, echoing in the stairwell. We fucked, fucked, then fucked some more...until we both had a huge, moaning climax. It was such a turn-on, in the gloomy semi-darkness, the place smelling of stale urine from people using it as a toilet, and we were just two rutting animals who hadn't been able to wait to get to my van, parked no more than 100 feet away up the stairs on the next floor.
When our breathing evened out, he zipped up and we walked to the van, with his warm cum running down my thighs. Once inside we stripped, I quickly sucked him hard again with my mouth, and he laid on his back on my bench. I then straddled him and we screwed for another twenty minutes until he filled me again with a monstrous load. When we were finished I told him I needed to pee and clean up. He wanted me to do it just outside, in front of the van so he could watch, but I chose the restroom thirty feet away. I slipped on my skirt and top without my bra, gave him a sandwich and a beer from my picnic stash, and went to the loo. When I returned, he'd slid the door closed and was gone. On the front seat was his business card with the word "Thanks!" scribbled on it. The guy certainly didn't stand on ceremony.
As I moved the van down to the third floor, I felt a bit hurt that he'd fucked me and run. But, the day was still young, and I walked back to the park where the parade was going on. I took my digital camera with me on this trip. In the parade there were lots of flags, a few bands, and groups of veterans from every war or military action over the past sixty years. The large contingent of disabled vets of all ages, from 80 down to 20, gave me a lump in my throat and I started to tear up. I hated what war did to men and women, crippling and killing them. Just at that moment, though, I spotted Joel and he joined me on the curb to watch the festivities, which lightened my mood. I told him of my program for the day and my successes, insisting that it wasn't the anonymity of the sex that necessarily turned me on, but the thrill of meeting a handicapped person who was a stranger and sharing some passion with him. I'm not sure he fully understood. Do you, Tom? Suddenly I feel a little afraid that I'm saying too much. I'll sign off for now and continue if it interests you.
Suddenly depressed, but still loving,
Lois
* * * * * *
Tom, you are so sweet!
Your words of encouragement, support, whatever, give me strength. I sometimes have visions of myself just plummeting down a spiraling rat hole as a slut...a whore...a nymphomaniac unable to handle her sexual cravings. On the other hand, when you answer my letters, my spirits soar and I feel good about myself! Do you think I'm bipolar?
I was disappointed you didn't send a photo this time. Maybe the ones I send with this note will stimulate you to do it. I hope so.
Anyway, where was I at the end of the last letter? Now I remember.
After the parade my gay friend Joel and I decided to go to the beer bar across from the park, which was by now filled with vets, most wearing partial uniforms. It seemed that nearly half of them had been wounded in some way. I handed him my camera and he assured me that he'd play along. As I entered, separate from Joel since I wanted to appear unattached, I was serenaded by choruses of whistles, catcalls and suggestive comments from drunken ex-G.I.s, like: "Hellllo, sweet thaaang; Hey, baby, sit on my face! Yo' white ass lookin' good t'day, bitch; I could eat that pussy all day, girl! Suck a dick, darlin'?"...and other such witty remarks.
I looked around for a seat and the only space I saw was on a banquette by the window, between two vets playing chess. One was in a wheelchair, a double leg amputee, and the other guy sitting across from him had an artificial left arm. They both looked about 25. I wended my way through the crowd, with my tits and ass being pawed constantly by desperate, groping hands, and stood at the edge of their table with some other guys, watching. In a moment the man in the wheelchair looked at his chess mate and said, "Scoot over and give the pretty lady a seat between us, Ace." The guy did so and I sat down, muttering my thanks. The one called Ace signaled to the busy waitress for beers all around. I saw a flash, and realized that Joel, standing at the noisy bar, had begun snapping pictures of me with my two new acquaintances.
I'm a pretty good chess player and the guy, "Ace", had made a stupid move, I thought. I flinched and he mumbled that it was okay, that he knew what he was doing. Soon the game was over, with him check mating his companion, whom he introduced as "Deuce." Our beers arrived and the table was cleared of the chess set. After our first sip I felt hands on my thighs under the table. Ace was stroking my left leg and Deuce my right. My nipples immediately hardened and made little thimbles through the thin material of my top. I saw another flash, courtesy of my photographer buddy, Joel, who'd taken another picture.
Well, we drank more beer and these two young guys did their Mutt 'n' Jeff act, with me giggling like a teenager, all the while their hands were getting ever closer to my crotch. Finally, I just slid down with my butt over the edge of the seat, spread my legs and boldly hooked my shoes over a horizontal bar under the table. I felt both of their hands immediately meet at my pussy, to stroke up and down my soaking labia. No one but Joel noticed, of course. The place was jammed with people by then, most of them drunk except for my two new friends. I was a bit tipsy, but not so much that I couldn't smell the telltale odor of my juices which – with two prior sex partners that day – had become very ripe and now covered my loins with their stench. I leaned my head back and mewled lasciviously as Deuce's fingers probed up into me.
I was in heaven! Nothing to do the entire day but meet new guys and wallow in sex! All those years in college when I'd heard girls talk about getting drunk and laid made sense now! It was as if I were playing catch-up!
"Hey, I'm hungry! Let's all have a sandwich!" I finally giggled, aware of my double entendre. My two compatriots agreed that they wanted a "Lois burger" (I'd told them my name), and we got up to leave. I winked at Joel so he would know to follow us with the camera, and we hustled to the parking lot. We must have been quite a sight, with Ace and I staggering into the elevator and Deuce wheeling himself along like a chaperone. In minutes we were helping him out of his wheelchair into the van on the third floor. I'd parked at the end of a row of cars, with the side door facing a wall, which meant we could leave it open.
These two guys had been buddies since Basic Training. They'd also gone through Ranger training together, then to Iraq in the same unit. They said their squad had been decimated on the same day and they'd continued their inseparable life Stateside...even to the point of getting laid together. So they knew each others' kinks. When I started to undress, one of them told me to leave on my skirt...that it would be better that way. I reached in the van's console and brought out a tube of lubricant that I always keep and handed it to Deuce. I'd never had anal intercourse before but had planned ahead. I wanted to experience it this day. While Ace busied himself unbuttoning my top and murmuring compliments as he squeezed and suckled my breasts, his buddy greased up my bottom.
Undressed, they were beautiful male specimens...except of course for the tragic sight of their missing limbs. But their shoulders, pecs, washboard stomachs and sexual parts looked almost classically Grecian to my eyes. Ace helped his buddy out of his pants to lie on my bench and shrug out of his own clothing, and I leaned back with my hands on the mattress, relaxed with my legs kind of open. I told them that a friend of mine would be dropping by to take some pictures and they both went into a funny routine about "Lois Does The Troops," "Parking Lot Pussy," and "A Woman Gets Back At I-raq." I got the feeling that if these guys didn't make humorous small talk of their life situation, they'd probably go out and shoot themselves...or someone else. But things got serious pretty quickly.
Deuce was stroking his prick to near erection, and he took my hand to bring me forward to my knees while he was on his back. He was long – maybe eight inches – and growing thicker as I replaced his hand with both of mine to jack him off. I couldn't keep my mouth off of his young uncircumcised cock, either, and I took as much of him as I could. He hadn't bathed for a few days, I figured, since he tasted richly of some thick discharge under his foreskin, to which he added some fresh pre-cum as I sucked. "Smegma," I thought, as the cheesy stuff hit my epiglottis and slid into my throat, causing me to gag momentarily. I got a perverse thrill as I contemplated absorbing the thick load of this double amputee when he came. He'd told me that he hadn't had sex in months.
The one hand of his buddy, Ace, was again all over me...squeezing my breasts as if they were ripe fruit, lifting my skirt up and caressing my nether openings with his fingers onto which he'd spit. As we heated up, I became filled with joy – dirty, filthy, unbridled pleasure – and thanked the gods for my being so lucky this day. Soon there was a flash and we all looked over at Joel, who'd suddenly appeared in the open doorway of the van, taking his first picture of me about to fuck. "Hey, man," the guys said to Joel after I breathlessly introduced them. Then they both went back to work on me.
Hey, man, was all they said. I marveled at their attitude, as Ace pulled me from my knees and positioned me to straddle Deuce's turgid cock in the cowgirl position. Regardless of my recent experience, there's still a lot I don't know about the male of the species, Tom, especially when it's involved with teamwork and sex. But I couldn't believe that one of these guys was helping his legless buddy to have first sex with me rather than himself. Nor could I believe that the two accepted without question that Joel was taking pictures of us. A natural thing, it seemed to them. No threats, no self-consciousness, just unquestioned recognition of a fact.
I sat down slowly on Deuce's cock, absorbing that magnificent instrument 'til it left me breathless. It felt as if the blunt end was pushing the air out of my lungs as I slowly cycled on and off of him. And as Ace approached my face with his member in his hand and stood before me, I licked my lips to prepare for the firm crown of his prick to slide into my throat. I lowered my tongue in my mouth, which opened my gullet for him to enter. Four or five slow pushes and my nose was in his musky pubic hair, a signal for me to begin a very gentle in-and-out rhythm. He placed his one good hand on the back of my head, not to push, just to guide me, and all we could hear was his heavy breathing and the slick sound of my saliva bathing his member. In the meantime Deuce had placed his hands under my butt to lift me on and off his prong. He moved my hips in little horizontal circles too, so he could stir around inside of me, which brought forth copious amounts of stinking liquid from my depths.
The three of us started moaning softly as our pleasure increased, and our movements became quicker and less controlled. There was a camera flash, then a few more, I think. I'd lost track of Joel since I was on my way to an orgasm. I was pumping up and down on my own now, gripping my breasts and twisting my hard nipples with one hand. They felt as if they were shooting sparks off their corky tips. With my other hand I was rubbing my engorged clit. Deuce was feeling my pussy from behind me as it enveloped his cock, and two fingers on his other hand were in my rectum, which he'd loosened up with my lube.
I was really excited, Tom. I'd never been with two men together before, and the sheer idea of it was driving me insane. I looked up into Ace's eyes and was met with a look as mad with desire as my own. He and I were close...very close. Then I exploded in a climax. I threw back my head and shrieked, grabbing my tits to prolong their zapping, throbbing bolts of electricity, and he yelled as my lips left his cock. He fisted it quickly and pointed it at me, shooting a long arc of cum that streaked my face, from my hair across one eyebrow to my jaw. I quickly opened my mouth to receive a couple of strings onto my tongue, then he pulled from me to spray ribbon after ribbon onto me, covering my face down to my nipples. He'd cum like a horse. I'd never before seen so much jizz from a single male orgasm, and at the end I was still pulling on his dick for the last few drops. Joel got several pictures, which I'm attaching to this letter.
The downside was that Deuce, that sweet boy underneath me whose cock had shown me so much joy, hadn't cum! He said as much, gasping as his friend and I twitched our last spasms against one another. As always, these guys were up for a laugh, though. Ace said, "If at first you don't succeed, what do you do, Mr. Deuce?"
"Try, try again, Mr. Ace," said Deuce, who shifted, pulling his hot rod from me to tickle my lubricated anus with it. In a moment my colon was stuffed full of his flesh, and I was laying back on his powerful frame, with my legs spread open for his friend.
I whined expectantly in my throat as Ace straddled us both on the low bench, once again offering his dick to my mouth, which I gobbled with pleasure. I knew it was up to me to get him hard again, so we could all three have the "Lois burger" they'd mentioned in the bar. By this time the inside of the van reeked with the stink of sweat, my fishy odors, and the pungent bouquet of fresh male cum.
I was in heaven as his half-hard dick slid into my throat. Minutes later, though, it had regained its majestic length and he slid into my cunt, sandwiching me against his friend. The cum on my breasts squished between us and we were slippery. The gooey sounds that the guys' dicks made in me drove me absolutely crackers! I looked in the mirror and watched as cum I'd taken earlier in the day from other men, mixed with my fresh juices, squeezed out around Ace's cock and ran down my crack onto Deuce's balls. I slid forward and backward between them a thousand times until my vagina started contracting inside. God help me, Tom, I just fucked and fucked nonstop until I'd climaxed I don't know how many times, spasming around them, milking them, desperately trying to squeeze their cum from them. And my two lovers were extraordinarily good, gentle, and caring.
Our session ended with me on the mattress, with my miniskirt up around my waist, soaked with semen. It was difficult for me to say goodbye to them.
I'm tired now, just thinking about it. But I'm not sorry. I'll tell you in another letter about the guy I later gave a ride to, but not now. I'd had such great fun indulging myself on the Fourth. Unfortunately, the rest of my holiday story is rather painful.
I so look forward to hearing your reaction to this...and the pictures.
With love,
Lois
* * * * * *
Dear Tom,
Your last e-mail was so cryptic that my feelings are hurt. I know you're busy, but I wish you'd tell me what's on your mind. Aside from small talk, your note just said, "More snapshots! I'll explain later! I need more pictures!"
My question is, why? Until you tell me – forgive me – I'm not going to send any more photos. Besides, I had a dicey sexual experience that ended my otherwise great Fourth of July holiday and I don't want you to see the last pictures that were taken. Iwilltell you what happened, though, to see how you react. Maybe then you'll know why I'm being so guarded.
I did my best to clean up in the parking lot bathroom on that floor, combing cum out of my hair and wiping it off my face and body. The john was filthy and there was no toilet paper or towels, not even one of those cotton ones on a roller, so I just splashed water on my face and crotch and hoped they'd dry from the air. I drove around the corner – out of the lot – and saw a uniformed soldier with one arm in a sling, thumbing a ride. After I picked him up he told me he was staying with some student friends and was an outpatient at the hospital where I volunteer. My intention, given my sexually active day, was just to give him a lift home. I should have known better but – as always – I'm naïve and trusting.
Anyway, he said he'd broken his arm the last week he'd been in Iraq, falling off a Bradley Fighting Vehicle. He said he lived in Idaho but had been routed through Walter Reed on the east coast, through our hospital for final check-ups. He was a big guy with a country accent – looking like a typical American boy raised on junk food – and must have weighed about 250 pounds on a 6'4" frame. He noticed my digital camera on the console and asked if he could take a picture of me. Well, I didn't look in the best of shape, but I let him. He looked through the view finder and asked me if I'd send him a copy to his e-mail address, which he said he'd give me later. I agreed.
As we drove he finally asked if I had a dog. I said no, and asked him why. "Because it smells like a breedin' kennel in here," he quipped, looking in the back of the van at the bench, mattress, mirror, and mechanical devices that held wheelchairs. I countered by lying, saying I'd just given a ride to several sweaty soccer players. That didn't seem to satisfy his curiosity, and it made me nervous when he asked me if I'd played soccer with them too. I told him no and inquired as to why. Because my hair was wet, he said, and it looked as if I were perspiring. I looked down to see where his eyes were focused and saw a couple of rivulets of clear goo running down my left calf from my damp thigh. I'd splashed my pussy with water when I'd tried unsuccessfully to clean myself earlier. Worse yet, I'd been so preoccupied with getting cum off my crotch that I'd forgotten to urinate, and my nervousness was now increasing pressure on my bladder, which felt about to burst. I told him I needed to stop to pee, but he assured me we were close to his friends' place and that I could use their bathroom.
When we arrived I kicked off my shoes and hurried to the front door of the rundown bungalow, with him following close behind. Entering, he announced, "Lady in the house, guys, look sharp!" and pointed me in the direction of the john. The place was empty of furniture, except for a lone, dirty mattress on the floor of the living room, a desktop computer, and a few cardboard cartons, which a young, college-age kid in shorts and a tee shirt was packing.
At least these guys had toilet paper and a roll of paper towels in the bathroom! I couldn't believe the amount of cum that was still inside me from earlier in the day, and I would've killed for a douche. But, I was anxious to get home and take a nice, long, hot shower...maybe even a bath.
Back in the living room I introduced myself as Lois. Both my hitchhiker and his college kid friend acknowledged me with only the soldier giving his name, which was Sy. I looked around and he told me that his friends were moving out – they were already four days late in doing so – and that they'd be back soon after unloading their moving truck at their new place. His buddy began to dismantle the desktop computer in the corner. A word from Sy stopped him, with the admonition that he still wanted to use it before it was moved.
I started to leave but was stopped by Sy, asking me if I wanted a beer or something. I declined, yet – fool that I am – offered to share the rest of the sandwiches I'd prepared for the day. Both of the guys leapt at the offer and the kid went to my van to bring in the basket. He also brought in the rest of my beer, accompanied by his three college-age roommates, who had apparently just returned from unloading stuff at their new place. Someone turned on the computer and rock music immediately filled the room.
The sandwiches and beer were gone in a heartbeat, and I was ready to leave. I started to slip out with my basket and Sy snapped a picture of me...with my camera! He'd also stripped down to a tee shirt and his khaki pants. It was then that I realized his arm wasn't broken or otherwise disabled at all! This whole cutesy situation reminded me so much of college frat parties I'd been to years ago, Tom, that I was totally disgusted. I finally raised my voice and demanded that he give me my camera. The whole room turned silent...even the music that'd been playing was suddenly turned down. The kid who'd brought in the sandwiches and beer also made a big thing of giving Sy my tube of lubricant, which he'd obviously found in the back of the van.
"Whoa," said Sy.
Whoa? I thought, as I tried to grab the tube of jelly from him. I'd always thought (given the educated snob that I am) that "Whoa" was the sound of a barely post-Neanderthal male eliciting surprise. Angry now, I demanded that he return my camera and lube.
I was right about the Neanderthal part, I discovered, as the slap across the face that he gave me nearly knocked me to my knees. As I shook my head, trying to get my bearings, someone switched the music back on and Sy grabbed me by the forearm, dragging me to my feet, while pinning my other arm behind me at the small of my back. He dug a hand between my legs, bruising my labia as he groped brutally for my vagina. I'll never forget his words: "Look, no panties, dudes! An' she was still drippin' cum when I ran into her!" Held in the air by his two strong arms, with my legs dangling like those of a marionette, he carried me to the bare mattress and dumped me on my ass.
All of the pent-up anger against swaggering bullies poured out of me in thirty seconds, Tom. I screamed at him, calling him a pig, a liar and a fake for impersonating a disabled war veteran. He just looked down arrogantly and shook his head, all the while he was unzipping his pants and slipping them off. As he dropped his drawers his four companions yelled encouragement when his meaty cock flopped out from his loins. Then he reached down – at first I thought to offer me a hand so I could get up off the mattress – and grasped my top at the neck to rip it open. My 36C tits bobbed out, their nipples stiffening, and the whistles and shouts in the room upped the sexual atmosphere to match the testosterone level. Sy's narrow-set, beady eyes gleamed as he stood over me and mumbled something about my skirt.
"Git 'er skirt, dudes," he commanded, and two guys pushed me to my back and stripped me naked. One of them pointed out the semen tracks on my breasts that I'd collected earlier from Ace and Deuce, and they all giggled. Another of them turned the music even higher. At that moment I knew what was going to happen and – looking at the filthy mattress laced with old pecker tracks – I saw with bone-chilling clarity that this bunch had been down this road before.
The next thing I knew, Sy's cock was in my mouth and he was fucking my face. The other four guys were all naked as well, pinching, pulling and poking at me while they barked at one another as to how each of them wanted to take me. My hands became full of stiffening cocks as I fought for breath around the huge meat of Sy, the alpha male of the group. And for some reason I complied with his thrusts, even as angry as I was. When Sy knelt on his knees, I dropped to all fours – releasing the cocks in my hands to the groans of two guys – and continued taking his thick dick into my throat; not only taking it, but moving my head back and forth rhythmically. And, when another guy knelt behind me and stirred his rampant prick into my gooey pussy, I spread my knees and arched my back more so that he'd have better leverage to drill into me even deeper. I was now being plugged at either end, rocking between two rapacious, well-endowed males, and getting a sick thrill from it. This may have started out as a gang rape, Tom, but in a couple of minutes I was as into it as any of these rosy-cheeked young college boys. I didn't just let it happen. I was going to show all of these white bread wusses how arealwoman could fuck!
"Gimme the lube!" I recollect hearing through my hazy reverie. Then I felt some of the cold ointment on my rectum, shocking me enough to open my eyes. At that point Sy groaned, then shouted, gripping my head with both hands as he pumped shot after shot of thick cum into my mouth. I swallowed much of it and pulled off of him to hammer myself back onto the guy doing me resolutely from behind. Sy followed me, spewing his spunk from my hairline to my chin as he gasped to complete his orgasm. "Pictures!" someone shouted, and my camera flash began popping. "Aaangh...cumming!" yelled the guy behind me as I felt his steely cock jump several times and his hot liquid pour into me. I leaned forward to disengage and reached back to pull my butt cheeks apart, as his spasming barb bathed my ass with strings of clear semen. The room filled with catcalls and whistles and I actually gave them all a quick smile of triumph, which was snapped by the camera.
But the party had just begun, Tom. At Sy's direction, a young blond youth laid on his back with a handsome erection – already slick with my lube – which I was helped to straddle and take slowly into my ass. As I was pulled back onto the kid's chest, another eager beaver leapt between my thighs, which had been drawn back so that my knees were on a line with my armpits. He gored me to my cervix, painfully, and I turned my cum-drenched face to one side, gritting my teeth from the assault. For some reason, though, I wasn't going to let them know they were causing me any discomfort or insult. I would beat them, I thought, until yet another guy pinched my nose closed, forcing me to breathe through my mouth.
"Snake!...Snake!...Snake!...Snake!" they chanted, as this dude plied my open lips with the largest cock I'd ever seen. As the bulbous crown passed over my tongue I thought I'd just ingested a tennis ball. I was afraid that the corners of my mouth would crack and tear from his gigantic girth. All I could do was lick at him from inside and – out of desperation – jack him off with both of my hands, which I continued doing. All this occurred while the other two eager beavers humped away at my nether holes, with Sy taking the odd pornographic snapshot.
Thank God this "Snake" freak was short of stamina, or perhaps it was because he seldom could find a woman to accommodate him. But after a couple of minutes he came in my mouth, which was stretched so widely open that I couldn't swallow properly, so that his torrent of cum just poured down my throat. I hacked and choked as it invaded my windpipe and he withdrew, thankfully, to finish by spraying his load onto my face and breasts. I continued choking and hacking, causing my internal muscles to spasm, which started an orgasmic chain reaction on the part of the guys embedded in my pussy and ass. They yelled like wounded animals as they unloaded inside me, also bringing to a climax a sympathetic buddy of theirs who was vigorously jerking off over one of my shoulders. As he spewed his spunk onto my face and hair, the ever-patient Sy continued snapping pictures of the cum bath with my camera.
I don't know how long they fucked me, nor how many times. Somewhere in my faded memory I remember Sy saying that each guy should have a shot at each hole, which would make fifteen loads that I absorbed. As late afternoon passed into evening they stopped and finished packing the few boxes that still needed to be moved. They also downloaded the contents of my camera into their computer as I lay covered with a sheen of spunk on the filthy mattress which they left behind. I awoke from a nap in the empty house, exhausted. The camera, plus the empty tube of my lube with its last stream dribbling from it, lay next to me. Much the wiser, I put on my destroyed clothes and drove home.
Please write when you can, Tom. I've taken some time off to reassess my life and need to hear from you.
Yours,
Lois
* * * * * *
Dearest Tom,
Forgive me, please, for being such a fool, such a self-absorbed neurotic, such a foul-mouthed whore. Forgive me for sending all those photos of me with other men, feeling proud that I could finally impress you with my sexual experience...my arrogant, unthinking carnal worldliness. Forgive me for not questioning why you wanted to see me changed after college, "all grown up" and actually physically attractive. And forgive me for the most obvious – ignoring the reasons you wanted to see me fucking handicapped men.
I got your last note and picture...the one of you in a wheelchair. I cried for hours after receiving it and, since I've taken an extended vacation since the Fourth, have decided that I'm coming to see you. I have weeks of leave time accrued and there's nothing holding me here that is as important as being with you. Besides, our HMO has a major facility a half hour away from you and – if things work out – I can always apply for a preferential transfer of employment.
I had no idea you'd been in Baghdad. You, of course, are the perennial stoic and didn't tell me about that little piece of shrapnel that sneaked under your helmet and lodged next to your brain stem, causing those terrible tremors and disrupting your balance.
I'm going to help you, Tommy, through the next many weeks that you prepare for your brain surgery (aThalamotomy?). Consider me your private secretary, taking dictation for your columns, your cook, housekeeper, etc. I'll even edit your porno novel. Also (since you made it quite clear that your wound hasn't affected your sex drive), I'll be your lover if you'll have me. I'm disease-free, surprisingly, and I hope you'll find that I'm pretty imaginative given my late matriculation in the arts of love.
I'm putting all my stuff in storage up here and loading my van only with essentials: closet contents, a computer, digital camera and my sex toys. Though from what you've told me I won't need them.
In a few days I'll see you. You have my cell phone number and I have yours, so please expect to hear from me as I get nearer to you.
All my love,
Lois,
* * * * * *
Lois would love it if you gave her letters a vote. If you have constructive feedback, I'd like to hear it.