I sat alone on the sofa, listening to the raucous giggling upstairs as two well hung men began to defile my beautiful wife. The bedroom door was obviously open wide to allow me to hear the depraved things my wife was allowing the two studs to inflict on her. I heard the footsteps across my bedroom floor, then the sound of my wife climbing on the bed.
I heard the squelch of her pussy as I assumed one of them pushed his fingers deep in her pussy administering another finger blasting. Then the giggling stopped and the tone changed. The voices became more sexually charged as I heard the guys giving instructions to my wife.
"Yeah slut! Hold my cock while you suck it!"
I could hear the slurping sound as the cock was devoured by my slut wife. She would be on the bed wearing her Stockings, Garters and Heels as these two cocksman took her to a new level of slutdom.
My wife's slurping and moaning sounds were more prevalent now as I assume one of them was fucking her. The bed started creaking telling me that a fucking was definitely being delivered.
"Oh that cock feels huge!" I heard her moan.
The creaking sounds gained speed as the cock must have been driving hard into her.
"Oh fuck I'm coming!" she squealed, loud enough for our neighbours to hear.
"Stick your cock back in her mouth and shut the slut up!" this was obviously Carl's dulcet tones as I heard my wife agree.
"Yes give me your cock to suck" then her voice went silent as the slurping sounds began again.
I was desperate to see the action but stayed glued to my seat. The frantic sex noises were increasing in tempo as all parties seemed to be approaching orgasm.
"Come on my face" shouted Steph as a loud thud hit our bedroom floor, which I later found out was Carl jumping off the bed to blast his load in my wife's face.
I listened carefully to hear Steph speak in an almost whispered tone.
"I've never seen so much spunk. Were you saving it up for me?" she giggled.
I heard Carl walk into our en suite bathroom and must have returned with a towel.
"Wipe your face babe I think Neil will want to come on your tits and I'll take the pictures!"
The bastards were photographing my wife while they performed all these degrading acts. My wife was giggling quite loudly as she said.
"Did you have to spunk in my hair?" and continued giggling.
"Shut up and keep pushing that black dildo into your pussy!" Carl laughed as I heard the squelching sounds of the dildo sliding in and out of her pussy.
"Lift your head higher when you lick Neil's cock!" Carl commanded for the benefit of the photographs
"That's a fucking brilliant idea slut! Yeah lick his balls and ass like that!" Carl said rather excitedly. My wife was presumably tonguing Neil's balls and rimming his ass.
"You really are a dirty slut Steph!" Neil moaned with pleasure.
"I know!" Steph said and giggled as she continued to lick Neil's balls for the camera.
I was almost at breaking point, desperate to see the sexual antics going on in my bedroom.
The situation was arousing my cerebral sexual urges more than they've ever been aroused, if only my physical libido could match, then life would be perfect.
I had become a cuckold, not through choice but I was a cuckold nonetheless. My sexual organ no longer functioned but my mind was in full swing.
I decided to climb the stairs quietly and watch as my wife received her sexual gratification from the two well hung studs. There was no turning back now. Her pussy, ass and mouth no longer belonged to me sexually and now she was branded with her tattoo to emphasize the point. There was no point in resisting this lifestyle as my medical condition prevented me from reversing this torment.
My wife was a beautiful, curvy sexual animal and she had needs that required satisfaction. This lifestyle could work for us. Her tormenting was one way of her coping with the situation and strangely it helped my situation. I can't fully explain how, but believe me, this was the best coping mechanism for me.
As I reached the top of the stairs I could see Neil holding a video camera as my wife held her ass cheeks open, smiling at the camera as Carl slowly fed his anaconda into my wife's willing asshole. The look of sheer lust emblazoned across her face proved to me that the kinky scene we were developing was most definitely the best solution for us.
I watched from the doorway as the two guys fucked all of my wife's holes and covered her face and pierced tits with copious amounts spunk. The best release of spunk was when my wife lay back on the bed and both guys came on her left hand as she held her tit to her mouth, flicking the nipple with her tongue and catching the odd splash of come.
Her wedding ring was drenched in thick creamy seed, forming a thick creamy coating over her rings, fingers and hand. She licked the remnants off her wedding and engagement ring and swallowed every single drop. Looking into the lens of the camera, she smirked arrogantly as she performed the act of humiliation.
Both guys laughed off camera as she licked her lips and showed her open empty mouth to camera. She smiled at the camera and blew a kiss then said.
"It feels so good to get fucked by two real men, with beautiful hard huge cocks!"
Our lives would never be the same again.