Here I am, alone in my living room, naked pussy dripping on the couch.
That was....INCREDIBLE...but I better head to bed.
Fuck, after all that, I can barely move.
I manage to lift myself off of the couch, my mind still in a haze, and limp into the hallway. Stumbling into my room, I close the door behind me, before collapsing onto my bed, and passing out.
That was an eventful move-in day.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE NEXT MORNING.
Yaaaaawwwwwn
Alright. Let's go. My first full day in the program. Yeah, it's Friday, and classes don't start until Monday, so I won't exactly be on campus today, but I'm sure there's still some fun I can get myself into!
Last night got pretty intense and had me shaken up quite a bit, but after a good night's sleep, I feel better than ever and back to my confident naked self!
I hop out of bed, and walk straight out of my room. No need to get dressed or anything!
Walking down the short hall of our house, I find myself right outside the kitchen. Heading in without missing a beat, I see Alex, Kate, and Nat all sitting down eating breakfast.
They all notice me, and I can tell they still aren't exactly used to my total nudity. Nat is unshaken, but Kate is blushing and half looking away, and Alex is looking at me with flirty eyes.
"Hey girls!" I say with my hands on my bare hips.
"Morning, Tracy!" they all say in unison.
"So," I ask, "what's on the agenda for today?"
Nat adjusts her glasses and speaks up. "Well, I believe we already have everything we need for classes on Monday, so this weekend should be pretty free.
Alex nods. "Yep. We could do just about anything."
Nat continues. "Yes. Now, I think we're all on the same page, for one reason or another, in that we'd all like to see you experiment with true public nudity as soon as possible.
A chill ran up my spine. Alex smirks and Kate tries to look natural.
Yep. She's right on the money.
"Sounds good to me! Any ideas?"
"Yes, actually," Nat goes on, "the girls and I were discussing the idea of visiting the beach. It's just a quick drive through the city."
A wave of ideas rush through my mind, but I can't be fantasizing just yet. "Oooh, I like the sound of that."
Alex perks up. "Awesome! Now, are you comfortable going like that," she says gesturing to my nude form, "or would you like something...extra?"
"Something extra? What are you on about, girl? I have to stay naked! You know that!"
A huge grin spreads across Alex's face.
She reaches under the table, before pulling up a container of paint. "Not necessarily..." she says, shooting me a wink.
Ooo La La. Now that's a good idea.
"I almost forgot about that bodypaint rule! So, what're you thinking?"
Nat continues to act as the voice of my trio of besties. "Well, this particular beach hasn't been clothing-optional. Now, we know public nudity laws have been quietly lifted, AND that you're required to bare it all, but everyone there should be none the wiser. They'll all be wearing swimsuits, and expecting everyone else to be doing the same. So, why not give you a painted bikini?"
Ooohhhh my god. I can just imagine walking down the beach, all the people in the distance seeing a bikini on my body, but slowly realizing as they get closer and walk past me, seeing all my intimate details....Fuck....
"Alright girls! That sounds amazing!"
I throw my hands in the air, and take a wider stance with my legs. Everything is on full display. It needs to be if they're gonna paint me all over.
Alex jumps up in excitement, approaching me with a tube of paint and paintbrush in her hand.
"Come on, Kate," Alex says, "you gotta help out too."
Kate is as red as ever, but sheepishly stands up and comes over with some paint and a brush.
"Excellent," Nat says, "I'll stand here and instruct you two." She plants her feet a few feet in front of me, able to get a full view of my body.
Fuck...this is gonna be good.
Alex gets right to work on tits. Already a rush of pleasure...
I close my eyes. I just need to take it all in. I see nothing, but I can feel her brush going up and down my right breast. She's avoiding my nipple for now, but hoooly fuck it doesn't matter.
I struggle not to squirm, but it's so fucking hard. I feel the hairs all over my body standing up.
Alex is getting closer. I can feel her warm breath on my skin. Holy shit.
Finally, she runs her brush over my areola, before moving to my left.
She repeats the same process, a beautiful artist using my body as her canvas.
Before long, my breasts are covered. Alex spins around me, painting a strap under my arms and around my back to complete the illusion.
I open my eyes and look down. I'm not sure what I expected, but there it is, a blue bikini top made entirely of paint. But you can clearly still see the full shape of my tits, nips included.
Before I could get deeper into a daydream, Nat calls out, "Great work, Alex! Now why don't you get ready for the beach while we finish up?"
"With pleasure..." Alex says leaving the kitchen. I see a mischievous, sultry grin on her face. I can tell she loved doing that. Not surprising considering last night. We're going to have a lot of fun together...
Nat claps. "Now, Kate, since Alex handled the top so well, why don't you do the bottom?" Nat was holding back a smirk. She seemed really cold and analytical at times, but she wasn't an oblivious girl. She was always to the point, but she knew what she was doing, and liked to have a little fun like any other gal.
Kate steps forward, "Oh, um, a-alright."
She was nervous...but didn't really fight back. I can see the barrier cracking. As much as I'd love to tease her, maybe I should just let her do this without saying much. It could be a good opportunity for her to push herself.
Kate gets down on her knees, and I close my eyes again.
Her paintbrush touches down on my left hip, going back and forth on the side. I get it, she doesn't even want to think about handling my pussy yet. Heehee.
Kate moves to the other side, forming the other strap.
I hear her shuffling behind me. She quickly starts painting my ass. Hoooly shiiiit. This is something else.
Nat interrupts, "Remember to get in there good, Kate! We need to sell the illusion!"
Oh Nat, you devious mastermind.
After covering the surface, I feel Kate run the brush down the inside of each ass cheek once. I can't imagine how red this poor girl is right now, but this feels great.
I hear her scuttle back to the front, where she...doesn't do anything.
I can't help myself. I'm such a flirt I need to say SOMETHING!
"Glad I shaved yesterday," I say to Kate, my eyes still closed, "Now I've got the perfect little canvas for you. What're you waiting for?"
I don't know what kind of reaction she had, but it was enough to motivate her.
Her paintbrush touches my pussy. It takes everything I have to hold back a scream.
She runs her brush up and down between my legs, back and forth, back and forth, up and down, up and down.
Holy FUCK! I'm biting my tongue. My knees are getting weak... I'm trying not to tremble, but it's no use.
She keeps going back and forth.
It's taking everything I have not to cum right now.
"Oooh...fuck...."
I cover my mouth. Shit. I let a little moan slip.
I hear Nat giggle. "Ok, that's enough."
I open my eyes, and see Kate on the floor, her face like a little tomato. Her paintbrush pathetically dropped to the floor. She's so stiff, almost like she's in shock.
"Alright," says Nat, "Why don't you go get dressed for the beach, Kate?"
"Uhhh, oh! Right. Yeah." Kate says almost robotically.
She manages to lift herself up off the ground, and out of the kitchen.
"Well! That's that," says Nat.
"Yeah," I say, looking down at my painted-on naked blue bikini, "What a great idea, Natty!"
"You're quite welcome," she replies. "Now," she continues, "that paint is pretty special. It dries almost instantly, so you're safe to see how it feels or sit down, but it's NOT waterproof. So if you're planning on swimming at the beach, fair warning that it'll come right off!"
"Ok! Thanks!"
"Great," she replies, "Now, I got my beach clothes here. I have half a mind to change right here in front of you just for the hell of it...but we're already doing so much, I'll save that for another time."
"Wow! Uh, ok! Looking forward to it, I guess!" I can't believe she just outright said she's down to get naked in front of me, but that's Nat! Always with weird, blunt surprises like that!
Nat walks off to her room, leaving me alone.
I take out my phone. I put it in this little bag I'm going to carry around with me, to hold on to my immediate belongings. I open the camera, put the phone above my head, and look at my self, selfie-mode.
Holy shit. There I am. I really am butt naked, head to toe, with a false, bodypaint bikini. From far away you'd think I was covered up, but to anyone up close my nudity would be obvious.
With my free hand I touch my boobs. Holy shit. Everything's there, just painted over. I can feel every sensation as if I'd just stepped out of the shower.
I want to touch down below, but I can't. I'd cum.
God...I NEED to cum...
sigh
But I can't. It's only 11AM. I GOTTA keep this energy all day.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Before long, the girls come out in their swimsuits. Nat has on a pretty standard modest one-piece. Almost looks like something they'd give you in school swimming class. Kate has something similar in modesty, but pink and with frills. Alex is rocking a cool black bikini. Nothing crazy, but notably more alluring than the others' suits.
I put my hands on my hips. "Alright, girlies! Looks like you guys are already dressed, so think we're good to head out."
"I couldn't agree more!" Alex says, running ahead to the door.
The other two girls in tow, Alex swings the door open. Nat and Alex walk out with no hesitation. I mean, why would they hesitate?
Alex holds the door, smiling at me with intrigue. She knows I'm locked in to this program, but even after last night and this morning, I can see she's still not entirely sure if I'm going to go through with this.
She's staring at me with baited breath.
I look down at the false swimsuit over my nude body once again.
Alright...now or never! Why bother taking it slow? Fuck that! I signed up for this! This is what I wanted!
Without a second though, I charge out the front door, onto the sidewalk.
I pass Nat and Kate who are walking at a normal pace. Right on the middle of the sidewalk, I turn around and strike a Freddie Mercury pose right in front of them, my hand high in the sky!
HERE I AM! BUTT NAKED AND OUTSIDE FOR ALL TO SEE!....minus my "bikini" of course.
Alex looks at me with a huge smile on her face. Kate is looking in disbelief. Nat smiles softly.
"Alright!" I yell out, "Let's hit the road!"
Nat's car is parked right in front of the house, so we don't need to walk down the sidewalk right now or anything...unfortunately...
I run up to Nat's car and tap on the window. She snickers from behind me and unlocks the door, allowing me to hop in the passenger seat.
The other girls follow, with Nat getting in the driver seat, Kat sitting behind me, and Alex sitting next to her.
"Alright, ladies!" Nat exclaims, "Are we good to go?"
We all pull on our seatbelts. Woah, that feels weird against bare skin.
Alex and Kate nod, and I give an enthusiastic thumbs up. We're all smiling, even Kate.
Nat starts driving.
Oh. THAT'S different. I didn't know what I was expecting, but being bare-assed on the seat...yeah, I feel every bump in the road. Every little shake of the engine.
"Hey um, Natty?" I ask almost sheepishly.
Nat smirks. As if reading my mind, she replies, "Yes, Tracy, it's ok if my seat gets a little wet. I have everything necessary to clean it. My fault for not providing an extra towel."
"Oh, wow. Ok!" I respond.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We keep driving for a little, not really saying much. I think we're all just a little lost in our thoughts of what may unfold today...
Every now and then I see someone on the sidewalk as we pass through the suburbs and my heart skips a beat, but that gets more intense pretty damn quickly.
Before I know it, I can see we're starting to enter the city. The buildings become taller and more condensed, but more importantly, the sidewalks and roads are filling up more and more.
"Sure are a lot of people out today, huh Tracy?" Alex remarks coyly.
"Yeah. Sure are." I say curtly.
Holy hell. Getting naked in front of that shy boy was one thing. He was practically shaking, and I was in my own home, so I guess it was easier to just strip off to fuck with him. And then it was with my friends. I've known the girls for YEARS, so baring it all in front of them wasn't the strangest thing in the world...not to mention my lust driving me through the little party I had on the couch, and the art class this morning...
But now, I'm looking out the window, and I can see HUNDREDS of people walking down the street. Ordinary adults going through their lives. They don't know about this program. They'd be SHOCKED to see a naked college girl walking around like it's nothing. I have no idea what they'd say, what they'd do, what they'd think...
It's kinda fucking scary...but that's what makes it so EXCITING.
I look back and forth between the people on the street, and my nude, painted body. They have no idea. They're absolutely clueless to the bare naked hotty just a few dozen feet away from them. Not to mention the people in the cars around us.
It's taking all of my willpower to not go to town on myself right now. Holy shit.
And I thought last night got me horny. This truly is something else...and it's just the beginning.
I'm suddenly jerked from my thoughts by the tall brunette driving the car.
"So Tracy, you haven't eaten anything today, right?"
Oh shit, I didn't even realize. I got outta bed, and as soon as I hit the kitchen THIS whole thing started.
"Huh, yeah, I guess not."
"Well, that won't do at all," she says with a smirk.
That damn smile. I have no idea if she's just THAT interested in seeing me in different scenarios, and loves the process of experimentation, or if maybe she's getting some sort of sexual thrill out of this...maybe a bit of both? You never know exactly what going on in that big ol' brain of hers.
"Well, got any ideas?" I retort.
"Yeah, how about this?" she shoots back.
Before I can process what's going on, she swerves her car into the drive-thru of a McDonald's.
WAIT. WHAT THE HELL?
Without missing a beat, she looks at the menu and asks "Hmmmm, how's a No. 5 sound, Tracy?"
"Uh, sure, I guess."
Holy shit. The cashier is going to see me up close. Hooooly fuck. This is it. My first real time in front of a stranger in public.
Nat turns around to Alex and Kate. "You two don't want anything do you?"
They nod no, Alex her trademark mischievous excited grin, and Kate with her equally iconic nervous worried expression.
My mind is in a haze of pleasure and excitement. Before I can process what's going on, Nat finishes ordering and pulls up.
Alright. Enough worrying! This is what you wanted, Tracy! Show off your rockin' body like there's no tomorrow!
As I'm hyping myself up, Nat slaps the money into my hands. "When they ask for the money, you're gonna reach over and give it to them. Got it?"
"Fuck yeah."
Nat pulls up to the window. I can see the cashier. She's a busty Latina woman. Looks a bit older than me.
She doesn't see me right away, since Nat's in the driver's seat. "That'll be $8.23," she says.
Without missing a beat, I reach over Nat's lap with the money. My tits are dangling over her legs. It's OBVIOUS this bikini top is little more than a paintjob.
The cashier's eyes open wide. Her mouth creeps into a big smile. Her eyes lower halfway. She loves this.
"Thanks for stopping by, sweetie," she says in a sultry tone.
Fuck it. I flash her a wink. "And thank you for the food!"
She giggles, takes my money, and hands me my food. I quickly reset to my original position.
My heart is RACING.
Nat gets ready to drive off, but before she presses down on the pedal, the cashier crouches down to see me.
To my surprise, she has something else to say: "I'm here 9AM-2PM on the weekends and 7PM-12AM during the week. Stop by again and maybe I'll treat you."
She tosses me a wink of her own, but before I can respond, Nat takes off in the car.
All three girls are laughing as we head back on the road.
Alex is hooting up a storm.
Nat is chuckling to herself, clearly amused by the exchange.
Even Kate is letting out some nervous giggles, as if she just did something she wasn't supposed to and she's nervous she's gonna get in trouble.
That was exhilarating. The way that woman looked at me baring it all. Holy fuck. I knew I would love the freedom of showing off my body, but I didn't realize I was this much of an exhibitionist!
I could get used to this.
I open up my bag, snag a couple fries, and take a sip of my drink.
Next up: the beach.
[AUTHOR'S NOTE: Feel free to comment what you want to happen next! I'm always incorporating ideas from the comments section!]