Saturday was pretty uneventful leading up to 'the event'. I straightened up my place, set the table, did a little dinner prep and made some brownies. I showered, shaved and spent a little more time on my hair and makeup than I normally would if just Jerry were coming to dinner.
I had gone shopping and found another shirt-dress with buttons all the way up the front. This one was a yellow cotton printed with little dark blue flowers. It came to mid-thigh in the front and back but was cut up on the sides to create a shirt-tails effect. I wore only a thong underneath. I added a wide stretchy belt that sort of matched the flowers. I put in some pearl stud earrings and a black ribbon choker around my neck. This last wasn't really me but I thought, "What the hell? Flirty, right?" A dab or two of perfume, my sandals and I was ready.
I finished putting together the dinner and had everything ready to fire up as I heard Jerry at the front door.
"Hello?" he called.
"In the kitchen," I called back
He came in and we embraced and kissed. He smelled good and looked like he had taken a little extra care also. In a blue short sleeve sport shirt and light khaki pants he looked good.
"New haircut?" I asked
"Yeah. I want to make a good first impression." He winked. "You're turned out pretty well yourself. New dress?"
"Yup. You like it?"
"Very much," he said as he stood back to take a look. He reached down and touched the edge of a shirt tail. "Very fetching hemline," he said thoughtfully. Just the slight brush of his fingertips against the skin of my thigh was a little thrill. Wow, was the sexual tension building already?
I moved back toward the stove and said, "Marie will be here soon. Would you open the wine? It's in the fridge"
A few minutes later, the doorbell rang. I went into the front room and Jerry followed me. I let Marie in, gave her a quick peck on the lips and turned to introduce them.
She was wearing a jean jacket over a tight, rather sheer white tee shirt. She appeared to be wearing red culottes - kind of short but too loose fitting to be called shorts. Black sandals with 2" heels showed off her toned legs to stunning effect. Red nail polish on her fingers and toes, red lipstick and her shiny dark hair completed her 'put together' look.
She handed me a bouquet of mixed flowers. I thanked her and said, "Marie, this is Jerry, Jerry, Marie."
She offered her hand and said, "So nice to finally meet you! Donna has told me about you and shown me some pictures but real life is so much better."
Still holding her hand, he said, "I couldn't agree more. You look incredible tonight. Better even than your Facebook photos."
They were smiling at each other and I thought,well, not a bad start.
I said, "You can leave your purse here. Do you want me to hang up your jacket?"
She set down her purse and took off the jacket. That tight, white tee shirt revealed that she was wearing a bra but it may have been the shelf bra that I had worn that first day at her place. Her breasts were prominently presented, her nipples faintly visible. I thought it would be obvious if they became very erect. So, I thought, she came to play.
She seemed unconcerned about her exposure even as Jerry fought the temptation to stare.
Moving things along, I said, "I have to start the cooking. Jerry, would you pour some wine?"
We all went into the kitchen and I turned on burners and put a baking dish in the oven.
"It's not too fancy," I said. "Chicken in an herb sauce, rice pilaf and green beans with toasted almonds."
Marie said, "Well, it already smells good. I'm looking forward to the tasting."
By then, Jerry had filled three glasses and handed them out. He said, "To friends, old and new."
We clinked glasses and took a sip. "Oooh," Marie said, "this will be good with dinner."
"Let's hope," I replied. "Let's go in the living room."
We wound up all standing and looking out the front window at the park. Marie said, "This is a nice feature of your place. You can kind of take the pulse of the neighborhood at a glance."
"Exactly," I said. "Most of the time it looks pretty much like this: people walking, some with dogs, some with kids. And you get a good sense of the weather. But it gets boring pretty quick too. Let's sit."
Marie and Jerry sat on the couch and I took the chair opposite them. Marie said, "So, Jerry, Donna tells me you are big game hunter."
"Well, medium game, maybe. My purpose is to put food on the table. Not trophy hunting. There's tradition to it as well. I grew up on a ranch in Wyoming and hunting was part of life. I don't miss the ranching life but a weekend in the woods keeps me connected to my past."
"I respect the honesty. Millions of people look down on hunters while chowing down on hamburgers, blindly letting somebody else do their killing. Do you have a freezer?"
"Oh, yeah. There's some fish in there too," he answered.
"Well, if you ever get over stocked, let me know. I like the idea of food that doesn't come from a factory farm..."
"And Donna tells me that you are something of a whiz in marketing publishing services."
She glanced at me and said, "Really? A whiz?" turning back to Jerry, "I'll just say I feel I have a job that suits me."
He asked, "So what kind of stuff fills your day?"
I quietly returned to the kitchen thinking, 'this is going pretty good.' I thought for a minute and then unbuttoned one button at the top of my dress and one at the bottom. See if anyone notices. I got the wine bottle and returned to the living room. Jerry and Marie were chuckling about something. They both looked up as I refilled their glasses. I may have bent unnecessarily low to pour in case anyone wanted to glance down my rather loose neckline. I can't be sure but I think they both took a peek. In the same spirit, I turned to fill my glass on the side table by my chair and bent again. I wasn't mooning anybody but I knew that dress was riding pretty high up my thighs in the back. I sat back down feeling I had moved the needle a bit.
"So, how did you two meet?" Donna asked looking from Jerry to me and back.
We chatted amiably for a while and then the beeper went off in the kitchen and the cook had to respond. "Five minutes," I said as I headed back there. "Jerry, if you could open another bottle..."
Awhile later, around my round table in the kitchen, we were finishing up dinner. Jerry was seated back to the wall. I was opposite him with Marie in between. I was happy with the way the food turned out and it looked like my guests were too. We seemed to be getting along easily and enjoying the company.
Jerry emptied the second bottle of wine into our glasses, pushed his chair back a little, took up his wine glass and said, "Marie, how did you get started fooling around with women?"
Marie and I looked at each other suppressing a grin as if to say, "Looks like the cat is out of the bag!"
She said, "Well, I went to a girl's boarding school in France. Probably due to lax oversight by the people who ran the school, teenage girls discovering sex with each other was pretty common. We were very curious about boys, but there weren't any around. We'd talk about boys. We'd be in love with rock stars, soccer players, movie stars and so on. But we'd learn about our sexual responses by ourselves or with each other. I suppose there were some girls who became confirmed lesbians but I didn't think much about it at the time.
"Later on, in college I was very 'not gay'. I enjoyed sex with guys and had some longer-term relationships, too. 'Going steady' you might call it. I had a chance to come to the US for work and I took it. Through work, I met my husband. That worked pretty well for a few years but he couldn't stay faithful. We tried a more open marriage arrangement but it didn't work for me. We parted amicably but I was a little put off of men. So, I met a woman in a bar one night. We had a few drinks, some good conversation, and ended up in her bed. It was sort of a revelation, a reawakening of some of the experiences I'd had as a young girl. Ever since then, I've been with both guys and girls and I feel like I'm lucky to have both kinds of experiences. I could see a long term relationship with a guy happening again. But so far, I don't feel quite the same about women. I have become very close with Donna here, but I'm not dying to move in with her, set up housekeeping and exchange vows."
"Whew! Good to know," I said with a smile.
Jerry looked like he was trying to figure out how to put something into words. Hesitantly he asked, "So what do you... How do you two..., you know...?"
Marie and I grinned at his discomfort but got the message.
"Well, we're quite tender with each other," I said. I leaned over toward Marie, she leaned toward me and we kissed tenderly for several seconds.
Marie said, "We touch in ways we know feel good to ourselves and each other." Here she reached out and touched my cheek with her open hand then ran it down my neck to my chest. By now I had several buttons undone on my dress and her hand slipped inside and found my breast. I closed my eyes, overacting a little as she fondled.
She removed her hand and looked at Jerry as if to say, "See?"
I piped up, "Sometimes we look for responses in each other."
Here, I reached over and started running my fingers around on her t-shirt where it was obvious her nipple was. Using my nails, I flicked her bud to get it to stand up. She looked down, observing my work and her nipple did indeed stand up.
Then we both looked at Jerry as if to say, "See?"
He looked mesmerized and said, "Ah, I see."
"Well, I've got to clean up this mess," I said getting up.
"I'll help," Marie said. Then to Jerry, "Watch and learn."
At this point we put on a little show. Marie started rinsing dishes at the sink. I said, "Oh, Marie, you're going to get your nice white t-shirt dirty. Maybe you should take it off."
With hardly a beat, she said, "But Donna, that guy might see my things!"
"Don't worry, take it off and I'll get you an apron."
Without hesitation, she said, "OK," and with her back to Jerry, stripped off her t-shirt.
I leaned over bending at the waist and reached into a bottom drawer. Marie came over behind me and lifted the back of my dress so my ass was exposed and started stroking my butt cheeks while I rummaged around in the drawer. I came up with an apron and held it out for Marie to put her head in the loop and she turned toward Jerry, while I tied it in the back. She turned back to me and said, "Much better."
This was ridiculous because the front of the apron was not wide enough to cover both her tits at once. I fact, if it was properly centered, one nipple was peeking out of each side of the apron. And the shelf bra made them even more prominent. She went along with the game though and went to the table to get some more dishes, giving Jerry and eyeful. I watched this little trip and saw he was paying keen attention.
I turned back to the sink as Marie brought the dishes. She said, "But Donna, what about your new dress? It's gonna get dirty too. Shouldn't you take it off? Maybe you have another apron?"
"I'll see," I said and bent over to look in the drawer. She stood on the other side of me and repeated the hem lifting and ass fondling as I searched. "Well, there is only this one," I said lifting up the apron which was a Christmas design, red with green trim and a little smaller than the one Marie was wearing.
"Very festive," she said. "It'll do." She held it up and I undid my belt, which was about all that was holding my dress closed by this point and shrugged out of the dress. Marie helped me into the apron and I turned toward Jerry as she tied the back and gave him a wink. This one was even more ridiculous than Marie's. But I pretended to try to put my boobs inside the bib with no success whatsoever.
I turned back to her, showing Jerry my bare back and thong-clad ass. She also tried to tuck my boobs into the top of the apron without success and said, "Much better."
We turned back to the sink and Marie put her hand back on my butt cheek while she waited for me to rinse the dishes. I knew Jerry was drooling at this scene. Marie and I shared a look and a grin. This was fun!
Once the kitchen was fairly orderly again, I excused myself to use the ladies room. When I came back, a topless Marie was unbuttoning Jerry's shirt. At my questioning look she said, "We agreed that it was only fair that if I was going bare chested, Jerry should too." I looked at Jerry and he smiled as if to say, "It's only fair." Marie tossed Jerry's shirt on the extra chair which by now was getting piled high with discarded clothing.
Marie said, "Here, let me untie your apron, Donna." I stood facing Jerry as she removed the apron. Standing there in my sandals and thong, which I'd found was quite damp while I was in the bathroom, I made a little curtsy to Jerry.
Marie excused herself to the restroom and whispered in my ear on the way by. I went to Jerry pulled him to his feet and put my arms around his waist and rubbed my nipples against his chest.
I said, "You know, you still seem a little over-dressed.
I started to undo his belt buckle and he said, "But what will Marie think?"
"Marie will think you're one hot male animal," I said and rubbed my nose in his chest hair. He smelled really good, a mixture of cologne and manhood.
I undid his pants and lowering them down, I saw that he was wearing some briefs in a thin, light blue fabric. They were brief like a Speedo and had a pronounced bulge in the front.
"These are new," I said,
"Seemed like the occasion might warrant a change."
Just then, Marie came back in. Now she was wearing only her shoes and a red satiny thong. She stepped over next to us, put a hand on each of our butts, gave a squeeze and said, "Looks like we're stripped for action."
She let her hand wander around Jerry's butt, lower back and rib cage. She looked at me and said, "Ooh, this one is nicely put together."
Jerry put his hand on Marie's shoulder and ran it down her back to her ass and then let it rest around her waist. He said to me, "Umm, so is this one!"
I put my arm around her waist opposite Jerry's, pulled her to me and kissed her ear. "Emm, don't I know it"
Breaking things up a little I said, "Ok, children, join hands and follow me."
I took Marie's hand, she took Jerry's and I led them to the bedroom. There is an upholstered armchair standing in the corner and I gestured Jerry to it and said, "Now Jerry, this is your place."
He sat and said, "Yes, Ma'am."
I waved my arm toward the bed and said, "Marie, this is for you and me."
"Oh, yes it is!" she answered as she grabbed me and we flopped onto the bed and into a fierce embrace. I kicked off my sandals but her's were strapped on and stayed in place.
After my preamble to Jerry about how tender we were with each other we were the exact opposite! Maybe it was the wine but we wrestled around on the bed like bear cubs. After we kissed quite passionately, I got up on top of Marie and sat on her belly and tried to pin her shoulders to the bed. She wriggled around though and got out from under me. She grabbed my leg and levered me onto my back where she pinned me more successfully than I had. With her lovely boobs right in front of me I was able to grab one in each hand and massage them vigorously. She then slid her bottom down so she was straddling my right leg and started humping my leg. I got my left leg over her other leg and with our legs intertwined, we were twitching out hips and rubbing our pussies on each other's thigh. This seemed to have a calming effect and we just started kissing. I got her back up to sitting on my belly where I could reach her nipples with my mouth. She was very accommodating and I licked and sucked and nibbled first one, then the other to my heart's content. Judging from the way her buds stood up she was pretty content too.
After a few minutes of this, she backed down some so she could bend down and suck my tits. Holding them in her hand like little water balloons she worked away on my nipples now. I could feel the connection right through my core to my pussy which by now I was sure was pretty wet. She continued licking down my belly toward my mound when she started peeling off my thong.
"Wait a minute," I said. "If we're going to take ours off, he has to take his off too." I pointed accusingly at Jerry.
"Well, let's see..." she said getting off the bed. We went and stood before Jerry like he was a suspect.
"Are you going to take off those cute little briefs?" I asked.
"What if I don't?" he asked playfully.
"Get the scissors," Marie said.
"Ok, ok," he said and got up. The bulge was significant now and he peeled the little garment off and his dick started to stretch out, unrestrained.
"Ooh! Much better," Marie said.
"Well?" Jerry said expectantly.
Marie and I looked at each other and at an unspoken signal, we peeled off our little garments. We stood back up and faced Jerry, legs slightly parted as if for inspection. He sat back in the chair as if stunned.
"My God!" he said. "Donna, when did you...?"
This was the first he'd seen of my new baldness. "Do you like it?"
"My God!" he said again. "I'm starting to drool. And Marie," he turned his head toward her. "You two are the most beautiful things I have ever laid eyes on!"
He started to reach his hands toward us but we both backed away and put our arms around each other's waist in solidarity.
"Un-uh," I said as Marie wagged a finger at him. We both looked at each other and chuckled as if to say, "Who choreographed this?" This was really fun!
Jerry said, "Aw, geez..." His dick was now pretty hard and pointed up at his belly button. He grabbed it and stroked it a little and said, "Aw, geez..." again.
Marie and I turned and went to climb back on the bed. She got on first but I grabbed her on the tops of her thighs to stop her just as she got her knees on the edge of the bed. So, she was on all fours displaying her amazing ass to Jerry and me. I thought he'd like the view. I nudged her knees a little further apart so her pussy was quite on display. I started slowly running my hands all over her backside and down the backs of her thighs. I used a light touch, almost a tickle. I had a feeling this was sending little thrills through Marie. Gradually, my fingertips tended more toward the inside of her thighs. I ran them up one side, detoured around her pussy lips and up the cleft between her cheeks just past her little butt hole. Then my fingers reversed course back down again. After a couple passes, I didn't detour but dragged my fingertips right up the middle of her cunt. Her dark, lush inner lips seemed a little more swollen and prominent than usual and were glistening with her juice. I slid a finger between her folds and ran it down the wet path to her clit. At this she let out a little moan. I spent some time massaging her clit and I could feel her muscles quaking and vibrating. By now her head and shoulders were down on the bed with her ass in the air for best access.
While still using my right hand on her clit, I let my left middle finger find her opening and enter her sort of tentatively. She was really wet and my finger spread her moisture up toward her ass hole. This was new territory for me but I thought I'd test Marie a little and see what she thought. Using her moisture I circled her brown bud with my finger and she moaned again. I wasn't sure if she meant, "oh, yeah," or "uh-oh." But I kept toying there till my finger was right on her anus. To my surprise, I felt her anal muscles contract and expand, sort of winking under my touch.
Since my head was right above, I drooled a little saliva right on her crinkly little rosebud. I massaged it around with my finger and used a little more pressure. She moaned some more and seemed to let my finger slid into her back hole. I was still trying to keep up some sort of rhythm on her clit with my other hand when I felt her reach down to her pussy and she said, "Here. Let me..."
With my fingertip still in her ass hole I started moving it around a little. Slight motions in and out, a little side to side pressure. I just sensed that I was doing the right thing for Marie. She was working away at her clit and I found I had a spare right hand. I found her opening and slowly inserted two fingers there. She was very wet and ready and it wasn't long before I was thrusting in and out. Marie was really getting revved up now and was making little whimpering noises. The whimpering got louder and I noticed her feet contracting with tension. I glanced over at Jerry. He had a glazed look; his mouth was slightly open and he was still slowly stroking his dick. Pretty soon, all this rhythmic motion came to a crescendo and Marie let out a long squeal and started to shudder. At that moment, on some instinct I pushed my finger into her anus just past the first knuckle, I pushed the fingers on my other hand into her pussy as far as they would go and I knew she was having a great one.
Fairly soon, all the stroking and thrusting and quaking subsided and Marie flopped over on her side. I crawled up to face her on my side and watched her trying to catch her breath with her eyes closed. After a minute, she opened her eyes and we were looking at each other. She smiled and said, "Oh, Baby..."
I kissed her gently and said, "So, was that ok?"
She smiled again and said, "Oooh, Baby..." again.
We rested there for a minute or two and then I said, "I wonder how the audience is doing."
At this we both sat up and looked at Jerry as if we just noticed him there.
Marie said, "I hope that wasn't too boring for you, Jerry."
He broke into a big grin and said, "Aw, geez!"
He stood up in hopeful anticipation with his big old prong in prominent evidence.
Marie and I looked at each other and said, "Oh, OK."
We moved apart on the bed and patted the space between us and without hesitating, Jerry crawled up between Marie and me.
I left the bed and came back with a cold bottle of water. We took turns drinking.
I said, "Well, this is a first for me: being in bed with more than one other person. How about you guys?"
Jerry said, "Yeah, me too. But, so far, I like it!"
Judging by the size of his cock, I didn't doubt his statement.
Marie said, "Me too."
I was a little surprised. Thinking she was the most adventurous of us I gave her a questioning look.
"Well, I swing both ways but I never had the occasion to do both together," she said simply.
No one spoke for a minute and I finally said, "Jerry, what would you like to do now?"
Without hesitating, he said, "I want to check out these bald pussies!" He then turned on his side toward me and put his hand on my mound. He immediately started rubbing and stroking all over my crotch. I was so wet that everything was pretty slippery. His touch was different from Marie's but I liked his bigger, rougher hand. I lifted my knees and spread them apart as he found the middle and dragged his big finger up and down from my clit to my opening.
"This is great!" he said, "So smooth and slippery. Did you shave it?"
"No, I got waxed. Marie gave me the idea and the connection to the salon."
"Well, thanks, Marie," he said. He got up on his knees and looked at Marie who was lying on her back on the other side of him from me. "May I...?" he said holding out his hand toward her.
"But of course, Jerry. Any friend of Donna's is a friend of mine," she said with a grin.
He let his hand fall on her belly. Slowly and appreciatively he moved his hand around on her belly, taking in her lovely shape and softness. Marie raised her arms and laced her fingers behind her head giving her a very open and welcoming posture. Her wonderful boobs sagged a little to each side, but not too much. Jerry took note of them and leaned a little to get his hand on first one and then the other. Marie watched as he circled her nipples with his big thumb.
"These are wonderful," he said.
I had rolled to my side and propped myself on one elbow to watch all this. I said, "My thought exactly."
Marie said, "Why, thank you."
He sat back on his haunches as his hand slid down her belly again but to below her waist this time. He felt over to the sides where her hip bones were just evident. He felt down to the tops of her thighs. Her feet were crossed and her thighs were together. Jerry scootched down the bed a little more and running his hand down her thigh to her knee, he openly gazed at her neat crotch.
"Very pretty," He said. He slid his hand back up her thigh. When he got to her pussy, he gently poked around with his fingers. Marie continued to look on with amused interest. He ran his hand back down to her other knee and gave it a nudge. She uncrossed her feet, bent her knee a little and opened her thighs a little. He gave her knee another nudge, and getting the message, Marie spread her knees quite wide apart. Now, he ran his hand up the inside of her thigh right to her puss and started probing in earnest. After a moment of this, he looked at me.
"I just gotta...," he said, and lifted my top knee gently. Getting the message, I rolled back onto my back and spread my knees apart. Just for symmetry, I too, laced my hands behind my head. Jerry then was kneeling between two hot babes, more or less spread eagle, with a hand on each smooth bare pussy.
I said to him, "This has to be an image you won't soon forget."
"You got that right," he said fondling and probing all the while. "I'm loving the smoothness, the bareness," he added.
Marie looked over at me and said, "Maybe he should tip Lana too." We chuckled.
I started scootching my shoulders over toward Marie while still keeping my hips where they were for Jerry's enjoyment. She did the same, and when our heads came together, we kissed. In that kiss there was an understanding that, so far, our little get-together was working out great.
Jerry's attentions were starting to command my attention. I could feel that I was real wet and his fingers slipping in and out of my folds were starting me up.
About then, Jerry leaned over toward me, backed down the bed a little more and kissed my belly. I lifted my leg over him and he shuffled sideways into position. He started in with his nose and lips and tongue running all around my pussy, probing and licking and sucking. Gradually, he homed in on my clit and the tingle went through me. I was primed by the events of the last couple hours and as he set up a rhythm, I knew I was pretty close to coming. Jerry was a talented muff diver and I put my hands back behind my head and enjoyed the ride. I had my eyes closed and was surprised and thrilled to feel Marie's lips on my nipple. She reached over and pinched the other nipple with her hand and I was firing on all cylinders. I was bucking slightly but uncontrollably. I lifted my legs in the air, let out a long cry and came with the most amazing orgasm! I lowered my hand to pet Marie's hair at my chest and closed my thighs enough to embrace Jerry's head between them. I writhed around in this position as the flood of pleasure subsided.
As reality returned, Marie slid over to cuddle me from her side. Jerry moved from between my legs up next to me to cuddle me from the other side. To me, it was completely blissful. We lay there like that for several minutes while our breathing returned to normal.
Prying my attention from my own sensations, I said, "So, Jerry, how's it going?"
"I'm buzzing!," he said with enthusiasm. "You girls are so beautiful, so sexy I feel like a kid in a candy shop."
Jerry put his hand on my belly. Marie reached out her hand and laced her fingers together with Jerry's.
She said, "I feel like that too. Who could ask for anything more?"
I turned to her and kissed her. Then I turned to Jerry and kissed him.
Then I said, "Well, I could: where's that water?"
Jerry climbed off the bed, found the water bottle, had a drink and returned to the bed on Marie's side. He handed her the bottle. She took a drink and handed it to me. Jerry stood there like a waiter. Marie reached out and grabbed his dick gently but firmly as if to keep him from drifting away. At this time, it was only semi-erect but as she held on, he let out a little groan. By pulling on his pecker she led him up along the edge of the bed closer to Marie's head. Without letting go, she got up on her knees and got her other hand into the action on his cock. She tugged and stoked and fondled his balls. By now, he was fully erect again. He moved his legs a little apart and groaned a little more. Marie ran her hands between his legs but I couldn't see what she was doing there behind. Finally, she reached around both sides of him to grab his firm, muscled ass cheeks, one in each hand. She looked admiringly at his manhood, now risen just past the horizontal. This was a stiffy! She looked up into his face. He looked at her. She held his gaze as she bent toward him and stuck out her tongue. Grabbing his dick again with her hand, she moved her tongue very slowly toward its tip. I could see a big clear drop had formed on the end of his dick and Marie very gently licked it off. She sort of smacked her lips as if savoring the treat and then returned her tongue to his pecker head. Soon she had the head in her mouth and I could only imagine what her tongue was doing as Jerry moaned a little more with satisfaction.
Watching this scene, my female lover with my male lover, how did I feel? Fascinated. Excited. Jealousy was nowhere on the landscape. Amazing!
I crawled around on the bed for a better view. Jerry and Marie ignored me. Marie was collapsed on her knees at the edge of the bed so her throat was naturally straightened as Jerry stood by its side. His penis is long but not too big around and I knew from experience it could go in pretty far. I had never had this view before though and I was impressed at how deep Marie could take it in without flinching.
"Oh, baby...," Jerry moaned. At this, Marie pulled back and took his wet cock in her hand and stroked a few times. She got up off the bed and gestured for him to lay down on it on his back. He readily complied. She straddled his belly and supporting herself with her hands on the bed either side of his head, she began wagging her tits just above his face. Jerry mimed snapping at them like a crocodile and gradually, Marie lowered herself so her nipples were swinging back and forth bumping his nose and lips. She slowed the wagging so Jerry could spend a little time licking, sucking and nibbling her lush dark nipples, first one, then the other.
I laid a hand on Marie's thigh, but otherwise I was just a spectator - the 'audience' - with a closeup view. It was an exciting show!
After a while, Marie shifted down Jerry's body and dragged her nipples around on his chest. Changing her focus, she got astride his hips. I could see she was dragging her pussy lips up and down his dick which was laying like a log pointing up toward his belly button. I knew this was working for both of them. Jerry, eyes closed was starting to tense up. Marie was watching Jerry with her mouth open starting to breathe harder. Soon, she reached down and lifted his log so the end of it was in her. With very slow short strokes, she started moving back and forth taking a little more of him inside her at each stroke. He was moaning again and I could see he had started what I thought would be a short climb to orgasm. After all this foreplay, he couldn't last long. Gradually Marie increased the rhythm and I sensed that she was working her clit against Jerry's pubic bone. Now both of them, eyes closed and mouths breathing hard were working together like a well-lubricated machine. The pace had picked up and their faces had assumed a focus and they were vocalizing little sounds with each stroke. Finally, Jerry gave a big thrust and a loud grunt and slowed his stroking. Marie as if waiting for that, gave a plaintive cry of her own and shuddered. After a few more slowing strokes, Marie collapsed onto Jerry's chest and they both lay there breathing hard.
I climbed off the bed and scurried to the bathroom. I returned with a warm wet washcloth and a towel draped over my arm. I stood at the side of the bed at the ready and Jerry opened his eyes.
"Look, Marie, our lovely maid is naked!"
"Naked is my favorite kind of maid!" Marie replied.
"Mademoiselle et Monsieur, I am at your serveece!" I said.
"Merci!" said Marie and she flopped off Jerry onto her back beside him.
I climbed onto the bed and began mopping at the mess. First Jerry then Marie. When I had got the worst of it up with the linen, I then leaned over and started cleaning with my tongue. There was a special thrill for me at the taste and smell of both my lovers. I licked Jerry pretty clean and then took his whole, now soft penis into my mouth and gave it a good final suck.
Marie was very helpful and raised her legs and grabbed behind her knees and spread her sex wide. I licked far and wide gradually closing into the middle. For good measure, I licked her asshole and sucked on her smooth lips till all was clean.
I tossed the linens toward the bathroom and climbed up next to Marie on the bed. The three of us lay facing the ceiling. Fortunately it was a warm night and being on the second floor, we didn't need any covers even as the night cooled outside. Marie and Jerry had their eyes closed and I couldn't tell if they were starting to doze.
Then Marie said, "Donna, you sure have a knack for entertaining."
I said, "The secret to my success is in the guest list."
Jerry said, "Yeah, tonight's was perfect."
We all chuckled a little and I snuggled closer to Marie. We lay quietly for several minutes and I began to drift off. I thought, "No. I don't want to go this way yet."
"Who wants brownies?" I said brightly.
"Mmmm," said Marie
"Just when I thought things couldn't get any better," said Jerry.
I jumped out of the bed, hurried to the kitchen and came back with Jerry's shirt and my dress. It seemed like a little clothing would be appropriate but our newfound intimacy didn't need much.
"Jerry," I said laying his shirt on his chest.
"Marie," I said holding out my dress for her to put on. "Try this."
They got up off the bed and I helped Marie into the dress. I buttoned only 2 buttons at the waist leaving the top and bottom to gape. I then went to my closet and put on a short kimono.
Back at the table in the kitchen, Jerry and Marie sat as I placed a plate of brownies in the middle. I gave them each a napkin as a plate and said, "Water? Coffee? Wine? I have some red..."
Jerry went for the wine. Marie and I just had water. We munched for a while and Marie said, "So what's on the schedule for tomorrow?"
Jerry said, "We don't have anything inked in. Often, we get outdoors for some exercise, walk the dog, things like that. How about you?"
"Believe it or not, I have to work."
"What?"
"Really?"
"Yes, Simpson is hitting the road again Monday and I gotta get the package in his hands first thing. So I'll be bidding you adieu."
"Marie, you know you would be welcome to stay the night. There's only one bed but it's pretty big," I offered.
"Thanks so much. For everything. But I have to go."
Jerry gave her a little smile and said, "We'll miss you."
Marie said, "I have a feeling we'll meet again soon."
We all stood up. Marie and I smiled and came into each other's arms. I pushed our clothes open so our breasts were skin to skin and we embraced. Then we kissed, long, deeply and meaningfully.
Next, she said, "Donna, may I kiss your boyfriend?"
The sentiment seemed a little late in the game but I said, "Of course. He's pretty good at it."
She snuggled and kissed Jerry deeply as well. She rested her head against his chest and said, "You guys have been great."
She picked up the rest of her clothing and left the kitchen.
Later, with Jerry spooning me in bed with the lights out, he said, "Do you think we'll see Marie again?"
"Would you like to?" I responded.
After a beat, he said quietly, "Yeah."
"I think we might."