She knew something was wrong the moment she stepped into her apartment. She expected to see her boyfriend's shoes neatly lined up next to the door - she had invited him here, after all - but the several other pairs were a mystery, and a problem. Having planned on just her boyfriend for company, and therefore being railed until all the thoughts in her head had leaked out, the underwear she had changed into before making her way home was far too slutty for polite company. Curious though, she continued through until she heard a voice call to her from the living room.
"In here, my sweet." Her boyfriend's voice, as calming and gentle as the morning ocean.
All too conscious of the way one hasty movement would expose more than just an idea of what she was wearing underneath, she slowly pushed open the door.
Her living room had been rearranged. Her sofa and several other bits of seating from around the apartment had been arranged in a crooked semicircle, all of them pointing towards the centre of the room, and her boyfriend sitting quietly in her nice comfy armchair.
Only now did the answer to why everything felt so off hit her; all of their close friends were here - 7 in total, 4 men and 3 women - and yet there was only a violent, echoing silence to fill the space.
"Come here my love." His orders were delivered in that same smooth tone, but she could feel the weight of them in his measured drawl. It was the same way he commanded her in their kinkier nights together. It also caused an unfortunate reminder that her current panties did not have a crotch.
A flush creeping its way through her chest, she walked over to him, past what seemed to be very prying eyes, holding her legs a little closer together the whole way.
"What's going on?" She muttered cautiously, starting to lean into him before realising that it would make her skirt ride up. He smirked knowingly, which somehow did little to alleviate the knot of nerves coiling in her stomach right now.
"Well, we've all been talking, and it turns out you're a very popular girl with our friends. Did you know that each and every one of them here has a little crush on you?"
She glanced around at the faces of her closest friends, friends she had spent countless hours with over the years, but not one of them showed any hint of embarrassment.
"I don't blame them, of course. But it did give me a few... ideas. And so I let it slip; how much of a filthy slut you are for me, how you beg me to use your pretty little holes, how you love to be treated like an object for my pleasure."
The blush in her chest flooded up her neck and into her cheeks, but still there was no reaction from the friends surrounding her, though some were now gently smiling. Her mind burst like a summer drizzle, each raindrop a fragment of a thought about what was happening. A rain that had trickled down through her core and seeped out through her gently throbbing lips.
Half-heartedly chiding herself for being turned on like this, she stood a little straighter, trying her best to appear as confident as she was nervous.
"What are you talking about? What's going on? Why is everybody here?" Her voice shook out. It carried none of the calm self-assurance he had shown.
"To watch you be a very good girl for me, darling"
Anxious excitement uncoiled from her stomach, slithering all the way up her spine and singing its burning fangs into the base of her neck, before being set alight by searing desire. There was no use in attempting to hide her arousal anymore, she was fairly certain that she was almost dripping onto the floor.
"You see, I would very much enjoy being able to show you off, my pretty little thing, and yet it is very important to me that it is made clear that you are mine. So we came to a compromise."
Drip.
"Nobody here but myself may touch you in any way. They may simply sit and watch as I tease and torture and ruin you, sweet girl."
Drip.
"Or that was the plan. Did you know that all of the women here can squirt? That was a very enlightening conversation. So enlightening in fact that it altered the rules of our little game. None here but I may touch you, naturally, but every soul here may cum, or squirt, on you one single time during our scene. I do so know how you love to end up a filthy, disgusting mess."
Drip. Drip.
"Now obviously the game is no fun if its players are not willing to play, and likewise you too have a choice." His words drizzled like sweet, sticky honey into her ears as he reached behind himself and retrieved a collar. It must have been new as she didn't recognise it, the warm light of the room casting a beautiful sheen on the fresh leather and glinting playfully from the D-ring at its front.
Drip.
"If this is not something you want, you merely need to turn around; go take a nice hot shower, and by the time you return there will be no trace of this gathering and it will never be mentioned again." She must have frowned slightly, because soon after he finished his sentence he was gazing directly into her eyes, a ravenous grin beginning to spread as he continued.
"But if this is what you want, then simply take this collar and put it o-" He didn't even manage to finish the sentence before slapping her outstretched hand away, swiftly standing and gripping her jaw.
"Let. Me. Finish." Slow, deliberate, but not angry. Never angry. "If this is what you want, take the collar, put it on, and say 'Anything for you, sir'."
This time she waited until she was very sure he was done, and carefully reached out to take the collar. Wrapping it smoothly around her neck and tightening it until it was comfortable, she placed her hands together behind her, pushing out her chest ever so slightly while simultaneously looking far too innocent for what was about to be done to her.
"Anything for you, sir" She trembled in anticipation as she agreed. He stepped forward and kissed her deeply, both groaning at the taste of the others' tongue caressing their own. As they kissed, she felt him start to turn her around to look into the faces of her friends, humiliated by her indecency. He pecked and bit at her neck from behind as he held her arms firmly in place, then took a step back and sank into the armchair.
"Strip to your underwear. Pathetic needy whores have no need for clothes when they wish to serve."
Her heart skipped a dangerous amount of beats, running a mile a minute as she registered the command while looking around at her increasingly fidgeting peers. Mustering all of the grace she could under such pressure, she removed her jacket and gripped at the hem of her shirt.
Hesitating only momentarily so she could take a deep breath before pulling it up and away from her, she exposed the strappy harness that she had on underneath. Lines of leather traced her curves delightfully, only small scraps of lace to cover her pointed nipples. It did not leave a lot to the imagination, but it definitely enhanced it.
Drawing on the confidence boost of her companions eyes roaming her body, she tucked her thumbs into her skirt and leisurely tugged it all the way down, being sure to bend at the waist so that her boyfriend could get a good look.
Where the bra did not leave much to the imagination, the panties abandoned all pretence of mystery and held up a large neon sign saying "please fuck me into the mattress until I pass out". The lack of substantial material served its purpose wonderfully, almost framing her pussy in a display of just how wet she had become.
"On your knees and over to me, now." His tone had deepened, a sure sign to her that the underwear she had chosen was having the intended effect. Almost out of instinct, she knelt down and crawled purposefully towards him. Her brain insisted that her enormously exposed behind was covered with the hot pinpricks of intense stares, pushing her heart to beat faster still and her blush to deepen. She made certain to wiggle more than was strictly necessary, after all, she had already come this far.
She lifted again once she got close enough to him and sat back on her ankles, arms thoughtfully together in front of her to accentuate her tits for him. He responded by lifting a palm to her cheek, and gently stroking downwards until he placed his thumb between her opening teeth. She jostled it with her tongue before taking it deeply into her mouth, sucking on it so purposefully that it created a small popping sound when he removed it.
"There are better uses for your mouth than that. A good slave would already be halfway down my cock, and you don't want to be a bad slave now, do you sweet girl?"
She hadn't even noticed him take his cock out, still too aware of everything and everyone around her. She was sure that would stop being a problem soon, one way or the other. Leaning forward, and making sure she stuck her ass out as far as she could, she delicately traced the tip of her tongue from his balls to his tip. She swirled around the head once, twice, savouring the taste of him, before wrapping her lips tightly around the whole thing as she plunged downwards.
The sharp intake of breath told her that she was doing a good job as she listened closely to match her pace with his breathing, careful to keep a steady rhythm on top of the tight seal and playful tongue, just as she knew he liked.
It was strange though, usually by now he would have praised her for being so obedient and such a pleasurable toy. Maybe he too was feeling a little shy now that they had started. She felt it too, and certainly wasn't going as far down his shaft as she knew she could, the tinge of shame felt all too keenly to fully commit.
"That's enough, I guess I have to do your job for you. What worth are you to me if you can't even suck dick right?"
She barely had time to react before he had swooped her hair back and gripped it tightly, his overwhelming strength forcing her deeper and deeper down onto his cock, past the back of her mouth and down into her soft throat.
He held her there for a few moments, watching the tears pool in her eyes, watching her struggle as she raced to adjust, watching her swallow against his thickening dick. He knew her limits though, practice had told him the exact moment to let her up before the struggle became panic. A single black line trailed her cheek as she fought for her breath.
Before she could fully regain herself, he pushed once again, filling her senses with only him, only his cock, only the drive to please him. He was rougher this time, pulling back just as hard as he had pushed, dragging her lips up and down along his veined length. For a quick, terrible moment, the white hot molten core of humiliation in her stomach flared at the involuntary sounds she made as he slid roughly in and out of her throat, but it tempered as she caught glances of the surrounding audience.
All of them, down to the last, were gently stroking themselves. Not focusing on the others next to them, nor on their phones, nor anything else. They were all, man and woman both, stroking themselves staring directly at her. She didn't know if it was at her increasingly messy face or at her eager cunt, but strangely she found that she didn't care all that much. Actually, she was more turned on than she remembered ever being before, the slow drip of her juices becoming a honey-thick stream.
Moaning gave way to the primal sound of her pure devotion, riled up in a way that drowned out all other thoughts and enthralled her in his will. Less and less was he pushing and pulling, and more and more was she aggressively chasing the taste of him in the deepest part of her throat.
Instead, he moved his hands to the nape of her neck and began thrusting viciously, his speed carefully aligning with what he knew she could take, but not so slow as to let her relax. As the sound in her throat became more visceral, as more deep black tears joined the first in its sweet parade, as the thick tendrils of spit began to seep down her chin, he groaned with insatiable lust, greedy for more.
Feeling the tension in his balls rising far too soon, he stopped and held her back from her prize as she impatiently thrust out her tongue to try and lap at him further. He moved to grip her hair with one hand and slapped her with the other.
"That's enough. Look at you, so desperate for my dick, you're such a good whore aren't you?" he growled, almost too deep and low to be heard. She curled her tongue back in and nodded excitedly as she caught her breath in deep gasping lungfuls.
"And you want to keep being a good whore, don't you?" he asked, replacing his hand on her cheek, but to gently stroke it with his thumb this time.
"Yes please, sir."
"Good girl," he beamed kindly at her before leaning forward and placing a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Now turn around, and take off your bra."
Soft shivers ran down her back as she turned, placing herself on her knees between her master's legs. She gazed at the figures surrounding her as she reached up to unhook the bra and let it fall down her arms in front of her, each of them in varying states of undress and all staring hungrily at her pert nipples. Several muffled moans rang out as she revealed her chest, and echoed again when her boyfriend leaned forward and groped at her, smoothly massaging her chest and its increasingly hardened peaks.
She soon joined in with her audience, cute little moans erupting unbidden as he teased at her. He grazed, she moaned. He pinched, her eyelids fluttered. He tugged, she squirmed. He slapped, she gasped. She let out a dreadfully needy cry as he removed his warm hands and left her uncovered, hearing only a small scrape and a slithering clink from behind her. He returned to her quickly, his breath hot on her ear as he leaned in close, nearly distracting her from the fresh pinching sensation in her nipples. She chanced to look down in time to see him pass a chain through the D ring of her collar, and attach the clamp on the other end to her free nipple. She turned slightly to look at him, feeling the niggling tug as the movement pulled at the chain.
He gripped her neck and tilted her head to the site, choosing a spot upon which to mark his property. He soon found his mark, giving it a brief lick before planting his lips and sucking at her skin with nigh painful strength. He ended the suction with a sharp bite, scraping his teeth along the sensitive spot as he pulled away from her and grabbed her hair and wrist, pulling the latter back behind her and upwards with a sharp ache.
"Up." He demanded. She followed swiftly, rising to her feet and being turned around, forced onto the armchair on her knees.
Letting go of her arm, he urged her forward until her face was firmly planted into the backrest, moved her arms to hug around the chair, and spread her knees as far apart as the seat would allow. She heard the sounds of a bag shuffling, followed by the familiar sensation of rope being pulled taut across her skin. Her wrists were bound closely and then tied to the feet of the chair. A spreader bar was cuffed just under her knees. Her ankles were wrapped and similarly attached to the armchair's legs.
As her mind swam in the hypnotic lull of submission, she thought that this would be a fantastic position in which to be mercilessly pounded. She knew what lay ahead though, and was glad that it would not simply end here like that. One final shuffle from the bag and a warm hand on her ass was all she needed to know what was coming.
She heard the loud clap before she felt the sting, closely followed by the pleasing warmth spreading from the centre of her cheek. She quivered slightly as she let out the involuntary yip. He placed his hand over the spot, mixing his human warmth with the stinging heat. He rubbed it slightly before squeezing it, removing his hand, and slapping again.
The moan was louder this time, though more muffled from the force of the slap pushing her face further into the seat. He had an aim good enough to hit the same spots repeatedly, something she had never been sure if she loved passionately or loathed wholly. The piercing heat spread further along her skin, but she knew this was only the beginning, a warm up with a soft hand before he truly made her feel it with the crop.
The crop that he now readied, the cool leather of it placed to soothe her for just a split second before the hit. He heard a couple of sharp gasps from those surrounding them, but when he turned to check in on them there were certainly no complaints. The men were all stroking away at a steady pace, their hungry eyes glued to the reddening rear tied in front of them. The women seemed equally transfixed, their hands in their underwear and groping at their breasts, though from their eyes they were more interested in her clamped nipples and the flowing juiciness of her pussy. At least one of them had removed all of their clothing, and yet nobody else in the room had paid them any heed.
Other men might have gotten waylaid in the fog of having several not-unattractive people masturbating to their actions, breathing heavily and squirming so sweetly, but they were of no interest. There could be no more beautiful sight in that moment than his love, submitting to him as she was. And so he turned, and smartly cropped her other cheek, a small rectangle of burning red left behind to mark his lust.
The increased delay between strikes and power behind his arm left her surprised by the latest hit, the shock causing her body to jerk sharply. The instinctive whimpering moan that escaped her lips further urged by the tug of the nipple clamps as they strained against their chain with her movements.
In her agonising intoxication, she could have sworn she heard her boyfriend mutter something and somebody leaving. For several long moments she was terrified that something had gone wrong, that somebody had crossed a line and their play was at an end. Regardless of her initial hesitation, this was the hottest experience of her life, she certainly didn't want it to end so soon.
She realised that she had been holding her breath when the door reopened and the person seemed to re-enter, handing something to her boyfriend before retaking their seat. The relieved exhale that left her was interrupted by another sharp crack and that same pulsating warmth spreading across her bruising skin.
"What's wrong baby? You didn't think I was finished using you yet did you?" He snickered. He pulled her hair to ease her face from the cushion a little.
"No, sir."
Releasing the tight grip he held, she plunged back into the seat with a gasp. He began gently pushing her face further into the soft backrest.
"So you were hoping I'd play with my fragile little doll even harder?"
"Yes, sir" she panted out, harshly muffled.
The pressure on the back of her head disappeared as he took another heavy swipe at her rear, this time with the shaft of the crop across both of her cheeks. She tried fiercely to bite into the material in her face to withhold the erupting scream as much as she could, but there was no purchase to be gained. Thankfully she was pushed back in as it ripped through her throat. She felt him grow close to her ear.
"Good girl." He whispered sweetly. Her whole body shivered. He stood again.
"As you wish, princess."
He prepared himself for what he was about to do, grabbing a chunk of the ice he had sent for and strengthening his grip on the crop, breathing deeply.
He swung, lighter this time, but forceful enough to produce a loud snap. Before she could even finish her groan, he was already swinging for her other cheek. Again, before she could finish responding, he whipped across both sides with the shaft, creating an angry red line to connect the rosy blush of his previous impacts.
As she spasmed with the pain he traced the line back and forth with the ice, swooping small circles around the beautiful reddening patches of her skin. Her mind was in as much of a spasm as her body, unable to tell whether she wanted to pull away from the chill or lean into the comforting cold.
It wasn't long before the choice was removed from her. Retaining the urgency of his first round of hits, he struck again. And again. And again. His force gently rose with each trinity, over and over.
Sting. Heat. Ice.
Sting. Heat. Ice.
By the time he was finished with her she was a mess. A spiderweb of welts across her rear, voice hoarse from her moans and cries, barely able to see through the welling tears in her eyes. He had pushed her near her limits, and had been rewarded in kind with the soft wiggling and rhythmic clenching of her dripping cunt.
"You did so well, my cute little toy, maybe I should reward you now. Would you like that?"
The enthusiasm in her whimper and aggressively nodded response was unmistakable, everybody in the room could see from the movements of her ass in the air that she was starving to be touched.
He leaned in closely to her soaked lips, stopping just shy of what she was desperate for. He breathed heat over her slit so delicately it wouldn't have disturbed a feather.
"What was that? Use your words, beautiful."
The needy whine that emanated from her sent blissful chills across his skin and provoked a substantial throb in his cock. He was sure he heard one or two of their spectators quietly moan at the mewling sob.
"Please sir, I need you to touch me, I need to cum so badly." She squeaked, barely able to enunciate as the unbearable tide of lust washed through her. There was a beat, two beats, and then she stiffened, recognising her mistake.
"Is that so, my love? So badly that you'd beg so pathetically? Well I suppose we'll have to make sure you do then, won't we?" An unmissable sadistic streak staining his warm tone, a drop of blood into his waters. He pulled away from her and began to untie her restraints, kissing along the beautiful indentations left by the ropes she had been straining against and following his lips with gently massaging thumbs.
Once she had been freed, he gripped at her hair once more as he lifted her upwards and towards his mouth. They kissed passionately for several moments, wandering hands exploring eager bodies before he pushed her back down onto the seat. He shuffled her until she was sitting comfortably against the backrest. As he leaned in to kiss her again he grabbed her ankles and lifted them over the arms of the chair, spreading her open as widely as she would go. He deepened the kiss as he took her arms and lifted them, folding them neatly over the top of the chair as he rose to begin his work with the ropes again.
She was firmly tied in place, a few stands even crossing her ribs to ensure she was as restrained as could be, as he pondered his method. A pleased look flashed through his eyes as he delved into the bag beside him, retrieving her wand vibrator and a roll of duct tape. Quickly lifting her ass, he positioned the head directly underneath her and lowered.
Barely able to stop herself as her pussy enveloped the machine, she couldn't help but whimper as he repositioned it so that it was being nigh devoured by her lips and her engorged clit lay sweetly on top of it. He ran his finger along her labia around the wand and raised it to his mouth, greedily sucking the tip and exhaling an overjoyed sound. He unspooled several lengths of the duct tape and affixed them over the wand, firmly securing it in place and removing any chance she had of squirming her way out of this.
"Now baby, since you've been such a good girl for me so far, how about I give you one more task? This one even comes with its own special reward for you." Her head nodded happily before a reward was even mentioned, the bouncing causing the clamps on her nipples to jiggle deliciously.
"Very well then my sweet girl. Now, I'm going to turn this on and slowly raise it until it's at max. Once it hits its most powerful I'm going to start a 3 minute timer. You may only cum once this timer has ended and I give you permission, is that clear?" She looked like a rabbit in headlights, but she nodded all the same. He pushed his middle and ring fingers deep into her mouth and turned on the wand as she began to suck them.
The immediate burst of vibration after being so empty for so long hit her like a train, and her body reacted almost as if it had. The violent jerking of her torso only forced her deeper onto the head of the wand. She had no idea how she was going to last. Either he had ramped up the speed much quicker than she had been expecting, or her brain had fogged over so much that time had simply lost its meaning. She suspected the latter. He removed the fingers from her impatient mouth and moved around to stand behind her.
"The timer starts now baby. Good luck."
It was the first time she had really been face to face with the intently watching crowd without the barrier of her boyfriend. It was also the most exposed she'd been all evening, arranged as a showpiece for their pleasure and spread to leave nothing hidden.
She looked through the faces of her best friends hoping to find distraction from the stirring tension in her lower body. She found none, instead seeing only a group that gazed hungrily at her sweet torture.
There were no clothes left amongst the voyeurs, and she was free to see bodies that she would easily admit she had imagined before. After all, who hadn't wondered what their close friends looked like naked from time to time? At first she had tried not to look indecently towards them, but natural curiosity, and the fact that they all had a perfectly unobstructed view of her own intimacies, led her southwards. Down to the men lazily stroking at their hard cocks, their heads glistening with precum as they strained with excitement. Across the women, with erected nipples and fingers strumming clits or plunging into soaked holes. All staring directly at her in her compromised form. Lips bitten, moans hushed, eyes burning.
"Halfway there my love, you're doing so well for me!" He said sweetly in her ear.
That she was nowhere near finished yet was a strain to think about. Her clit buzzed like a hive of angered wasps, her insides coiled so tightly against the orgasm that she ached. She couldn't withhold the long, whiny, gaspy, craving, yearning mewl that emptied her lungs. She felt like she was going to break, that if she held on any longer some obscure part of her brain would simply snap and she'd be left a hollow and horny husk of insatiable lust. Some part deep in the back of her mind perked up at the thought, an existence led purely to be used by her master in such ways.
"Thirty seconds darling, you're so close! Look at how disgustingly wet you are already, so ready to cum" He had switched ears, planting a line of kisses from her earlobe and down her jaw onto her neck between his words.
She couldn't do this. Her whimpering was no longer sporadic and reserved, but almost constant and eager, spurring on faster strokes and deeper moans from more than a few of the audience. Pushing her head back against the seat, she realised she had just enough give to very lightly pull at her nipples with the chain through her collar. She stretched her neck as far as she could, praying that the sensation was enough to drag her mind from the overwhelming desire to cum and into the pleasurable pain of her breasts. Seeming to notice her ploy, he gingerly reached forward, taking the chains between his fingers and using it to make her chest bounce up and down steadily. She was unsure if he was taking pity on her or whether he sought to simply put on a better show of her.
"Ready beautiful? 5. 4. 3. 2.
2.
2."
She practically screamed.
"Please sir please I need it pretty please I need to cum so much I can't hold it anymore" she begged prettily.
"1. You can cum for me now."
What loosed from her throat was a sound unreplicatable in normal life. She screamed in satisfaction as wave upon wave of orgasmic delight crashed against her like cold ocean waves. Her limbs spasmed helplessly against her restraints, only further driving her cunt against the vibrator and deepening the sensation. There was no way that her neighbours would not be hearing her give thanks to her master at the top of her lungs, but she no longer cared. The spasms that racked her faded into contented shivers. Her twitching lips grinding hungrily against the toy. Her gaze affixed firmly into his eyes as she came hard enough to blank out all thoughts but the immense need for his thick cock to be buried in her. He knew the look well.
Before she could succumb to a second orgasm that he hadn't permitted, he turned off the vibrator and removed her binds. He cooed at her as he patted her head and stroked her hair.
"You did very well my pet. Would you like to know what your reward will be?"
No words left her as she regained her breath, but she lifted her head towards him and nodded dreamily.
"Good. Now, you may choose one of our friends. Any of them at all. They may come here and they will be allowed to touch you in any way they like, and any way I allow them to. Does that sound good, precious?" His words flowed out slowly like a soothing syrup, into ears that burned a bright red as she comprehended them.
She looked at him, and he nodded in return. This was okay, there was no trap here. She already knew who she was going to pick. She looked out and met the eyes of the female friend she had chosen. During one drunken night several months prior, she had sloppily mentioned to him just how sexy she had found their friend that evening, and some of the things she wished she could have done to her. She expected that was likely the reason he had chosen this reward, and gods did she love him for it.
There was no telling whether the men were dejected by the choice or were ecstatic to watch the two women play together. Her Chosen looked as though the chair she sat on had become electrified all of a sudden, before gracefully standing up and sauntering over to the couple. As she did so, he lifted the whimpering, excited woman from the chair, sitting in it himself and placing his cock teasingly at her entrance, holding her above it as though she were a doll made only to receive his cum.
As soon as the Chosen stood in front of them he lowered her down, sinking every inch of his shaft deliciously into her with no resistance. A relieved moan fled from her throat the whole way, ending with a soft quiver as she reached his base. She leaned forward, readying herself to ride him as hard as she was able, when her Chosen's hands met her chest, cupping the underside of her tits. Before she could move away, the hands undid the clasps at her nipples and removed the chain from her collar, swiftly replacing the harsh clamps with smoothly circling thumbs. The touch was electric coursing through her spine and connecting with the dick stretching her out.
Once she recovered, she began riding. There was no choice but to start slowly, between the shaking in her legs and the massaging of her nipples, she wasn't sure she could or even wanted to do anything else. A few strokes in and she'd found her pace, a comfortable rhythmic slap providing wonderful accompaniment to the music of her moans, the driving beat and sweet melody only hypnotising her further into blissful stupor.
The hands on her hips gripped tightly, possessively perhaps, as he gently tilted and adjusted underneath her. He was intent on pushing as deeply into her as he could manage. He lived for the kind of free and empty-headed whines she made when she became so cockdrunk that all other thoughts left her, and more than anything wanted to show his friends just how good she could be for him.
She felt the hands of her Chosen glide softly from her nipples and out across every inch of available skin she could get her hands on. The feeling of having four hands exploring her naked form was inexplicable, sending her wilder and wilder with each deep thrust and playful grab. She knew what she wanted, certain that it would be worth any potential punishment he might give. Carefully so as not to disrupt the rhythm of her riding, she took her Chosen's hands and lifted them to her neck, taking care to place them in just the right spot. The Chosen looked back with a tinge of concern, but when she saw both of them enthusiastically nodding for her to continue, heat flooded her mind and took over.
He could tell the exact moment that the squeezing began, her pussy clamping down around him to match the grip on her throat. Her whimpers grew thinner, her breaths strained. He took the opportunity to begin fucking up into her, cherishing every gasped out prayer for more.
Her hands flew back to his arms and gripped tightly enough that he thought he might lose feeling, but the thought of stopping or slowing was nowhere in his mind. He reached around to her clit and lovingly tussled it. The response was immediate and overwhelming. Every muscle in her body seemed to tense in sequence as she exploded with bliss, even the hands around her neck unable to stifle the intense groans as she came again.
She slowed to a halt, breathing rapidly trying to catch her breath again as her Chosen pulled away and stroked at her hair, all the while praising her for doing so well. Looking around the room, he gave a swift questioning nod, receiving several in reply from the edging onlookers. He lifted her up with him as he got up from the chair, laying her down on the floor looking needier and emptier than he could handle.
"Are you ready my love? Looks like our spectators are about ready to show you their appreciation."
She looked hazily around at her friends, smiling pleasantly as she noticed how anxiously they all stared at her, still stroking themselves but more urgently than before. She lay back down and lifted her legs, spreading them wide apart as he knelt in between them, grabbing her thighs and jerking her closer to him. He motioned for the Chosen to kneel beside her.
With no warning, he thrust into her to the very hilt, taking great joy in the abrupt squeal that burst from her lips. Her legs encircled his waist, his hands found her wrists. He pulled them above her head and locked them in place in one hand, trailing the other down her arms until he roughly squeezed at her breast, pushing his tongue between her lips as he did.
"More." She pleaded as he pulled away. "Please, more."
"As you wish, my love" He whispered into her ear, a playful chuckle ringing as he pulled his cock out to the very tip, pausing only momentarily to see the look of betrayal on her face as she felt the gnawing emptiness.
As she was about to beg yet again he pushed back in an unhurried, torturously slow push, feeding it to her inch by inch until he once again filled her entirely. The distressed groans seeping from her as she writhed trying to take more and more of him were beautiful harmony to his ears, her lust-filled sounds urgently pulling at his rhythm to build its tempo. He wouldn't relent, though. Not until she was truly mindbroken, a drooling mess just for him. No, he had a plan, all he needed to do was wait.
He slid out again, fighting his urge to slam into her until she couldn't take it anymore, right back until his head lightly jostled at her entrance. And once again he trickled back in, taking his dreadful time to stuff her until she was certain she had no room left within her. Her wide eyes stared straight into his, wishing for more even as he repeated the motions.
"Oh little thing, what's wrong? Is this not what you wanted?" Again in that teasing voice, even if she hadn't been staring at him she'd be able to hear the smirk.
"N-no. Please sir. I n-need it. F-faster, please." It was barely even a whine, more breath than voice. She struggled it out while she shivered with his glacial movements. But it was enough, and exactly what he'd hoped for.
From the corner of his eye he saw one of the men swiftly rise from his seat. He walked briskly to the side of her that the Chosen had not occupied, hand pumping at his cock the whole time. Unaware of what was happening as she gazed deeply into his eyes begging for more, goosebumps rippled across her flesh as the first drops of cum landed across her tits. She switched focus to the newcomer, and then his cock, watching happily as the final spurt caught her nipple. She groaned deeply and turned back to him.
"More. Please, more." She managed to groan out.
He sped up slightly, much to her joy. Still not enough that she didn't wiggle and shudder with every thrust in and pull out, but the intensity of her moans grew all of the same.
"You look so pretty with cum all over you baby. Would you like some more?"
"F-fuck, yes. I want more c-cum. I want to be covered. I want to be your messy little slut, please give me more." She was growing bolder, her mind less focused on the situation and more on the need to be pounded by him until she came again.
The first round of cum had clearly increased the tension in the other audience members, everybody stroking faster, rubbing harder, their pleasured sighs growing almost as loud as her own needy grunts. It wasn't long before another had their turn, a woman this time. She knelt above her head and passionately strummed at her clit, before letting loose a torrent of her juices all the way from her head to her stomach. He wondered for a moment how she might react to this, as far as he knew it wasn't something she'd experienced before. He got his answer when her fingernails dragged down his forearms until she gripped tightly at the wrists where he now firmly held her waist. He sped up again, straining against all urges to lose what little control he had as she growled out barely understandable obscenities.
He looked into her eyes, relishing just how fuckdrunk she was becoming, he always loved when she was feeling good enough to really let out the almost disgracefully slutty nature she held within. Watching her lose herself in her pleasure and servitude was really the only reward he could ever need. As he pondered just how deep her kinkiness went, her second and third loads of cum arrived in short succession. Her eyes rolled back into her head as the searing heat of their yearning splashed across her, covering even more of her breasts and even catching a spurt or two on her cheek and jaw. She looked beautiful covered in so much mess, like it was always intended to be her natural state, the form in which she belonged.
He was pounding away at her now, his speed having increased exponentially with her last two loads. Now that he was at a good pace, he'd lifted her legs to be straight against his chest, better leverage with which to push ever deeper into her. Her desperate moaning had passed into delighted screams, fully losing herself to the satisfaction of being stretched out by him and the taboo of being covered in the results of so many of her friends' lust for her body. He could see her Chosen curling fingers into herself as she watched her tits bounce in time with his thrusts. He saw how she flailed her arms recklessly, searching for anything to grip onto, often getting incredibly close to grasping at the leg of her Chosen.
The final two voyeurs were a curious affair. The two of their friends that everybody had assumed were the most likely to get together, and they didn't seem unconvinced themselves. Throughout the scene they could often be caught stealing glances at one another, at some times even splitting their focus evenly between the show being put on and the others actions. It was no real surprise that they arrived to finish together. They knelt beside each other, gave a brief knowing look and a nod, and reached across to each other. She stroked his dick with a strange type of gracefulness, as he traced delicate circles around her clit. They built in passion as their eyes flitted back and forth between each other and the writhing mess of desire below them. He came first, shooting thick ropes out across her face and hair, causing her to cry out in ecstasy. Once he was done, he moved around to behind his playmate, groping at her tits and fingering her roughly as she groaned. She squirted not long after, thoroughly drenching the plaything they had all come here to enjoy. They stood, a little sheepish after the fact, and followed one another back to the seats where she sat on his lap as they happily watched the end of the show.
Only one woman left now, and he was pulsing into her as hard as his body would physically allow. She was utterly lost now, her mind broken under the weight of her devotion to him, her insatiable need to take everything he might give her. She cried out with no shame as she begged to be filled, to be used, to be owned. He glanced across to see her Chosen frantically fingering at her slit, desperate to join her juices with the others for the needy cumslut who had chosen her above any other. He looked back at his love, taking in the beautiful sight of her covered in desire and completely submitting to him. He grasped her jaw and forced it over until she could do nothing but stare at her Chosen's dutiful thrusting. He felt her clenching tightly around him as she watched.
"Oh fuck, please cum all over me, I need it so badly, please." She almost yelled between deep breathy moans.
Her Chosen's eyes grew wide, and she slowed for just a fraction of a second before increasing her frenzy, the passionate desire to do as instructed written plainly across her face. She stood quickly, planting a foot on either side of her target, removing her fingers to tease hungrily at her clit. Her legs shook like she might collapse any moment and she let out a grunt that could only have come from the very bottom of her soul whilst she spilled out over the squirming whore below her. He eyed her Chosen carefully, slightly concerned she might need to be caught at any moment, but instead she wearily sauntered back over to her seat, panting in exhaustion.
Just the two of them now. He'd lost what little restraint he had when she asked her Chosen for more cum, and was now rutting into her so violently she wondered if she might break, or at least be split apart by the fullness of his cock. But it was a good pain, the best kind, the type that made her need to scream out with every pulse, begging for him to truly break her. He looked at her with a kind of tender violence, an ownership that told her she was both his prey and his protected. She'd be kept safe from all that would harm her, but she wouldn't be safe from his ravaging. It sparked something within her, a kind of roiling energy she didn't know how to expend, like lightning through her limbs until it receded and concentrated itself in her womb just as quickly as it arrived. There was no hesitation, she already knew what she needed.
"Cum in me, fill me all the way up and breed your fucktoy."
She watched as his eyes glazed over and his face took on an altogether more animalistic look. His grip on her thighs strengthened, his fingers digging deep into her skin as he pulled her in. He lifted himself slightly until he was crouched on the balls of his feet and folded her easily into a mating press, not once allowing his cock to be anything less than buried fully into her. He grunted powerfully as he fucked with the full weight and power of his body, ramming her with enough force that it could be heard in the wavering of her moans. She pleaded harder, echoing her yearning for his seed to be deep within her, to put out the fire in her womb with his love, her pitch raising with every violent thrust as her tight cunt was beaten towards another orgasm. His grunts drew out into growls as he claimed her in front of their friends, now all but forgotten in the burning fire of the moment. With one final effort he drove himself as hard as he could into the depths of her cunt, roaring with the release that came with it. She followed him into their shared rapture the second his first spurt collided with her walls, taken along for the ride by limbs she found she no longer held any control over.
The passion faded as they came down from their high, his ragged breathing eager to draw in much needed air as he stood, legs seeming barely able to take his weight. The last drips of ecstasy fell from his head and down onto her roughly used pussy. She could do nothing but lie there, shivering in a hazy rapture as the last moments of orgasm reverberated through her muscles. She looked up at him adoringly, tried to tell him how much she loved him, but found only incoherent muttered syllables leaving her tongue. He smiled tiredly at her before reaching into the bag one last time, pulling out the polaroid camera they used to capture happy moments together. Spending a moment finding just the right angle, the camera flashed as he took her picture, knowing that they'd both want to revisit the mess she was in and the delirious grin that graced her lips. They both looked around at the gentle murmuring of their friends, now having returned to an acceptable state of dress and beginning to file out, leaving the couple alone to bask in the soothing afterglow of their love.
He sat down next to her, shuffling a seat over for a backrest, and gently lifted her head onto his lap. They said nothing, only looking into each other's eyes for a while as he sweetly stroked at her hair. They stayed there a while, neither entirely aware of the passage of time, until she finally mustered up one word: "okay". He nodded and smiled at her, lifting her head with a degree of care that wouldn't have seemed possible to any who watched the scene play out. He lifted her softly to her feet and hooked her arm around his neck as he supported her at the waist. With all the patience in the world, she was led to the bathroom and into the shower. Closing the door behind her, he quickly shuffled out of the room, returning a short time later with his supplies and plenty of cool water. The slightest knock on the door was all he needed. The shower shut off as he opened the door and swept her into his embrace with a soft warm towel. She hummed in a quiet, satisfied way as he kissed her temple and led her out. He removed the towel again, placing it on the floor and helping her down to lie against it, baring her red behind with skin as furious about its rough treatment as its owner was pleased with it. She squeaked cutely as he began to apply the soothingly cool ointment to it, poorly attempting to hide the sting from her face. He eased off, a little less pressure, a little more kindness. When he had finished, he took a look over her wrists and ankles, tenderly massaging the fading memories of the rope from her skin. She rolled over when he was finished, allowing him to inspect her other side for more hurts and discomforts. Pleased that he found none, he applied a little of the ointment to her abused nipples, causing another adorable squeak. He put the small jar away, exchanging it for the water and a couple of painkillers, which she took and drained as he rose to fill the bath behind her. He took the glass, painkillers, and ointment, and left the room, taking a little longer than he should have needed to put them away to give her time for any personal business. He returned to find the door open, and saw her sat on the edge of the tub swirling her fingers through the steamy water. She looked towards him as he strode over. He brushed a finger through her damp hair and leaned down to kiss her lovingly on the lips, breaking apart after a few seconds.
She twisted the taps off as he shuffled his supplies to within arms reach of the bath, and then stepped into the tub, holding out a steady hand to assist her. They sat very gently, careful to adjust themselves around the other as he lay back against the bath and she lay back against his chest, cooing in comfort as he crossed his arms around her and kissed the back of her head.
"Are you okay?" The gruff words were the first real they'd said to one another since the scene. This was their routine, she needed time to gather herself in peace and he had a great need to tend to her pains, and this solved both of them.
"Yes, I think so. Are you?" She replied sweetly. She had her eyes closed, her breathing deep as though she might fall asleep.
"Of course, my love. I'm here with you." He purred into her ear.
He began recounting the chain of events that led up to the scene. How he'd remembered that she expressed interest in exhibitionism and cumplay, that he knew that they could both trust the people there with anything, how he knew that if it was truly something she didn't want then she would have taken the option to walk away. She giggled softly at that last one, his trust washing through her like holy water. He paused here, reaching over to his supplies to open the little bag of chocolate he had brought. He slipped one into his mouth and placed another on the tongue she had poked out in request. From here on they ran through the events of the evening together. The audience, the bondage, the impact play, the bukkake, the intense ending, they both found it very difficult not to give everything a clean 10. He asked what she thought of his reward for her, and she answered without words by blushing a crimson so deep it reminded him of the marks he left on her behind. He pressed her a little, adamant they debrief fully considering the new experiences they'd shared. She took a breath and relented, explaining that while she had not previously had much of an opinion on adding another to their fun, she found it exhilarating to be able to choose between her friends and have them be integrated in such a low stakes way. He beamed and tightened his hug, taking a finger and using it to draw her face towards his, pulling her into a deep kiss.
"Well then, I wonder who you'll choose next time?" He smirked almost maliciously, looking into her eyes as she tried and failed to hide the interest in her widening eyes. He reached into the pile of supplies once more to pull out the Polaroid he had taken of her; a messy, blissed out, utterly used slut. He showed her the satisfied look on her face as the blush deepened further.
"Next time?"
"Of course. If you're a good girl."