The Bourbon Chronicles
Chapter 3 - Fun with Sex Toys Episode 3
The day spent shopping, eating, and walking was exhausting. Since we weren't in any rush, we decided to take a late afternoon nap, once we returned to my place. Charlie needed a walk around the block from being cooped up inside. Laurel stayed behind to freshen up in the meantime. When I got back, Laurel was naked, in bed. I quickly joined her and gave her a big kiss before rolling her into the little spoon position. Charlie followed suit and got in her own bed which sat next to the dresser. Laurel and I dozed off quickly and I woke with an urgent need to pee. I slid out of bed as quietly as possible and tiptoed off to relieve the pressure. When I got back, Laurel rolled over.
"My turn," she mumbled with her eyes still closed.
"Mmm hmm." I got back in bed, still naked. I barely heard Laurel shut the door when I fell right back to sleep.
It was only a few minutes later but it felt like an hour. Laurel was sitting at the side of the bed holding two glasses of carmelly brown liquid in double old fashioned glasses, each containing a large round ice ball. I gladly accepted the glass and toasted to afternoon naps.
"And afternoon delight, too," she said with a wry smile. Our glasses touched and rang out.
"I hope that means what I think it means."
Laurel sipped from her glass before standing up and walking to the dresser. She stood before me fully naked, with her fiery copper hair framing her face perfectly. On top of the dresser was the bag from the sex shop, which she tossed onto the bed. "Do you want to check this out?"
I opened the cardboard board with a picture of a naked woman on it. The toy came out of the box somewhere between slippery and sticky, let's call it slickery. It was softer than I expected and I turned it over in my hands to check it out. One end was an open cylindrical tube. The "business end" was shaped like a tiny pussy complete with labia, vagina, and a little clit. The opening seemed too small for even a pencil, but as I probed it with a finger, I saw how easily it gave way.
"It's squishy," I said after my careful assessment.
"I want to watch you fuck it," Laurel said, taking another sip from her glass.
That alone was enough to make my cock twitch. "Okay." I unsealed the lube and propped myself up in bed so I could see what I was doing. I sipped my drink as Laurel sat to get a good view.
I grabbed my cock and gave it a couple of strokes and got it mostly hard. I poured some lube into my hand and spread it over the head and shaft. On the nightstand, there was a towel that I used to wipe my hand. I took the toy in my hand and pressed my cock head against the impossibly small opening. It immediately stretched to accommodate the width and with the lube all over me, I slid right in.
Laurel watched as the purple head moved into the clear sleeve. She imagined that the toy was her pussy being coaxed open. The toy was only 5 inches from opening to opening and I poked out the back with each stroke. Through the clear sleeve, I could feel my girth expanding from the sensation. My cock felt thick and powerful inside that sleeve. I wondered if that was something Laurel felt when I entered her.
I gave the squishy toy a squeeze and felt my dick throb. As I slid it up and down, Laurel watched intently. I looked at her naked body next to me as I fucked the little toy. I dripped and it got really slippery from my precum. I began using slow, really deep strokes which left the entire head of my cock exposed out the back end of the toy each time I got balls deep. Laurel reached over and gave the head a little squeeze between her finger and thumb.
"Oh fuck!" I nearly shouted.
"You liked that!" she said wickedly.
"Hell yeah!"
She changed her position on the bed and hovered over my cock so the tip popped in and out of her mouth with each thrust.
"Fuck that's so hot," I told her.
Laurel sat back and spread her legs. She watched me stroke as she reached down to rub her smooth pink pussy. "I like watching you stroke it," she said, "but I really want to watch you fuck it!"
"What do you mean? How?" I asked.
Laurel got up on her knees. "Get in front of me like this," she said and motioned where she wanted me. I was in front of Laurel with my hard cock inside the pocket pussy. She pressed her soft body against my back and reached around to take over the holding of the toy. She put her other arm over my shoulder and watched as she gave the sleeve a squeeze. "Now fuck it," she told me, wide-eyed.
Driven by hedonistic pleasure and lust, I began thrusting in and out of the toy as Laurel gripped it. I was glad we got a clear one because my throbbing member looked really hot through the clear plastic. Laurel's long fingers and shiny fingernails looked way better than my hand down there.
"That's a good boy," she softly said in my ear.
I wasn't really used to being talked to that way, but my cock seemed to enjoy it as I noticed it got even harder "Fuck," I said as I felt Laurel's big tits behind me.
"Fuck it for me," she said. I felt her moving behind me as she started to grind.
"I'm close," I panted. My hips moved faster, I was desperate to cum.
"Fuck her for me," her words were different this time and her tone was insistant.
"Yes. Yes. YES!" I was cumming. My cum splattered all over the sheets as my body convulsed with joy.
Laurel pinched my nipple and it seemed like my orgasm restarted. My cock squirted a few extra pumps of cum as she squeezed me tighter through the toy. "Good boy! So much cum."
"Thank you," my response came naturally, followed by a question. "Her?"
"What?" she asked.
"You said fuck her for me."
"There was a moment there where I was imagining that I was watching you fuck another woman," she shared.
"So fucking hot," I said, still catching my breath. "So, um..."
"Yeah?"
"I... it was kinda sexy when you said 'good boy.'"
"Yeah?" Laurel had moved next to me so we were facing each other. She leaned in and kissed me.
"Mmm hmm," I blushed. I slid my cock out of the sleeve and Laurel set it on the bed. Her other hand was still between her legs. "Have you been rubbing?"
She answered by taking her hand from between her legs and sliding two wet fingers into my mouth. "How do I taste?"
"Mmmph." I licked her pussy juices from her fingers. "Not sure," I said.
"Not sure?"
I rolled Laurel onto her back and spread her knees with my hands. Her glistening pussy was flushed with arousal. I dove in to get a really good taste. "Delicious," I reported back. Laurel was sensitive from fingering herself and rubbing her clit while she watched me fuck the new toy. Two fingers slipped easily inside of her greedy hole. I wrapped her mound and clit in my mouth and felt for her g-spot.
"Oh yeah," Laurel tossed her head back. Moans of pleasure mixed with her gasps.
I found the soft spongy spot with my fingertips and Laurel clenched down on my fingers. I started sucking on her clit as my fingers curled up and caressed Laurel's g-spot. She grabbed my head and pushed it down. "Fuck yes! Suck my clit. I'm so close." Her tone turned urgent.
"Do you want to cum on my fingers?"
"Yes please."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, sir. Please, I want to cum on your fingers," she was trembling at the edge.
"Good girl," I said, pulling my mouth from her clit. "Cum for me."
Laurel reached for her clit and I fingered her hard. Her orgasm hit as she frantically rubbed her clit and she shut her eyes tightly. "Aaaaaah, oh fuck, yesssssss!" A tiny gush escaped her pussy as her orgasm rolled on. She grabbed my wrist to stop me. "Please," she pleaded.
"Please what?" I slowed my pulse.
"I can't take any more. Please." Laurel was wigging and gasping for air.
I slid my fingers from Laurel's spent pussy and offered them for her to taste. She gave them a good suck and then pulled me in to kiss her and lick her pussy juices off of her fingers together.
"Fuck you're hot!" I said.
"Thank you," Laurel said, curling up in my arms. We snuggled in bed for a while before getting up to prepare dinner. After being out all day, a night in together sounded great.
Laurel and I worked together in the kitchen. She chopped veggies and I set the table. We talked and joked our way through dinner and moved to the couch to watch a movie. Laurel hadn't ever seen "Rush Hour," so we decided to stream it. We snuggled on the couch as we watched and I made sure to grab a handful of boob or ass at every opportunity. After the movie, I made some popcorn and we watched a little mindless TV while sipping on a nightcap. We turned in without any further excitement after such a long day.
Sunday morning I woke up in a playful mood. I put on some coffee before taking Charlie out. I could hear Laurel in the shower as I began to prepare brunch. I made omelets and home fries and was just pouring the mimosas when Laurel sauntered into the kitchen in a sheer teddy and shiny satin panties. She sure knew what I liked. We raised our glasses and toasted.
"To brunch!"
A leisurely meal followed as we sipped our drinks and had an excellent conversation. I made the excuse that I was going to the bathroom to clean up, but I was actually setting up a surprise for Laurel in the bedroom. When everything was set, I headed back out to find Laurel.
"Would you care to join me for some bedroom fun?" I asked.
"What do you have in mind?" she asked with a wink.
"Maybe I should just show you," I said. I reached my hand out for Laurel to take. She followed me into the bedroom where I laid her down. "How do you feel about control?" I asked.
"What?"
From my nightstand, I produced a blindfold. "I want to play with you. To tease you. To use your body for my pleasure."
"I usually prefer to watch," she replied, referring to the blindfold.
"That's just a part of it," I showed Laurel where I had added velcro arm and leg restraints to the bed. "I want you to give yourself to me."
For the first time since they met, Laurel seemed unsure. "I don't know..."
"You'll always be in control. We will stop anytime you want. Just say 'red'," I reassured her.
We talked a little more about Laurel's feelings and concerns and my intentions. She decided that we wanted to try it. I guided Laurel into a spread position on her back. I carefully secured the soft velcro restraints around her ankles and tightened them. I then secured one arm firmly, but I gave her second arm a lot of room to move around.
"How are you doing?" I checked in.
"Good. Excited," she replied. Laurel felt her pulse pick up. I lowered the blindfold over her eyes and checked for her comfort. Laurel assured me that she was physically comfortable and mentally ready for whatever was next.