The following is a 100% completely true story.
The other night I drove to my local park, a large sports complex/nature reserve. It was just after 12.30 and very dark. I parked in a little car park beside the road and walked the 30 or so metres to where a path led beside a fence into the park. About a dozen steps into the path I judged it was time to begin my adventure so I dropped my shorts and left them laying in the middle of the path. It was so dark they could barely be seen and I doubted anyone would come along, but the thought that they might find my pants, or take them, excited me.
As I'd worn no underwear, I was now wearing just a normal T shirt and a pair of sandals. I continued another 200 metres or so until I came to the edge of the soccer fields. Large street lights lit up the space between two fields and some of the fields themselves, but it was difficult to determine exactly how much. On the other side of the fields was the canteen and changing rooms and play equipment for kids. Behind this was the main car park. I knew that young people came here to fool around but there was no movement except a couple of rabbits, and no sound save for my own quickened breathing.
I turned right, heading to the lower, slightly darker field, bounded by a waist-high metal fence. The thought hits me that it's dark enough now....I have to get naked....
I get that familiar, all over tingle that I love..,no......that I crave, as I lift the shirt easily off my head and lay it on the fence. Totally naked now!! Some of you will know the rush I mean, if you don't, you don't know what you're missing!
I continued walking beside the fence, leaving my last stitch behind, and sat in a small covered seating box on the halfway line. I sat on the cold aluminium bench, shivered a little as it touched my bare behind, but the shock didn't last too long. I lit a cigarette, I literally had nothing with me now but my car keys and the box of smokes with a lighter. Oh, and my sandals. I took a few drags on my smoke, wondering how well hidden I was in this box, and what I'd do next...
I looked out onto the field, actually two fields side by side, with an artificial grass wicket in between. It looked pretty dark from here, and I wondered if I could wander out into the middle at the least...I finished my smoke as I contemplated whether I could do it or not, but there was never really much choice.
I put my keys and smokes on the seat and wandered out towards the middle of the field, my eyes and ears straining to detect any signs of life. Nothing but the odd bunny rabbit...good.
I reached the artificial grass wicket and took a look around. Gee, it looked a lot brighter out here than it did from the sideline....oh well...probably safe though, it's so late...
I sat down on the wicket, the artificial grass was dry and warm, unlike the field of real grass, which was damp with dew. This felt nice. I lay on my back and spread my legs, facing the clubhouse and car park, imagining giving someone hidden a lewd show. I played with myself for a few minutes, as all kinds of thoughts ran through my head. I decided the night had to continue, this was too much fun, so cumming was out for the moment.
I walked back to my keys and smokes, then off to where I'd left my shirt. Retrieving it, I bundled it up and carried it back to where the path headed back to my car. But I wasn't done yet. It was so quiet, so still, I had to take another risk...
There was a large light on the edge of the upper field, not the ones that light up a field but more like a street light. If anyone appeared on the other side of the field, from the car park, they couldn't miss me....but I had to do it. I walked towards the light pole, telling myself I just had to walk around it and I was outta there....cursing myself for being so kinky and needing this kind of rush to get off...and knowing I wouldn't change that even if I could.
I reached the pole without incident and headed for the track, my shorts, my car. The fun was over for now.
I reached the baseball field when a sudden noise jolted me alive. People! It sounded like young people, I first thought, and someone was dragging a stick? I wasn't gonna hang around to find out. Yet again I was startled when I heard what sounded like a car on gravel, shit! But how could that be?!
I raced a few steps up an old path but it was so dark, I was scared of going off course and making a commotion in the bush. I stood still, my naked, trembling body glued to a tree trunk which was almost big enough to hide me, but was so close to the main path all someone would have to do is glance my way and I was screwed. My heart hammered in my chest as the moments ticked by and I considered my position.
I had to move, so I trusted to luck and wandered where I thought the old path was and was lucky enough not to hit anything serious. Now I was deeper in the gloom I put my shirt on and allowed myself to relax a little. I was pretty well hidden now, and the noises weren't any louder.
After a minute or so I calmed down a bit and realised what had happened - it was the automatic sprinkler system!
That was enough, I decided, so I headed up the path towards my car, feeling pretty exhilarated but not 100% satisfied.
I picked up my shorts, but headed towards the car without putting them on. About 30 metres from the car the area was well lit up by the street lights and was right next to a road. I waited for a car to pass then screwed up my courage one last time and headed to the car. The road was also directly opposite a house, but all the lights seemed off and I hoped for the best.
A few moments later I was ducking behind my car as I put my shorts on, the tension already easing. As I drove out of the car park, another car flashed by, but my mission was complete. A few hundred metres away I turned the headlights on and relaxed back into my seat, job done.
Minutes later I was lying in bed with a cigarette, thinking about what I'd just done, and getting hotter by the second.