Stacy had had a rough week. All she wanted was to enjoy a drink at her favorite bar and let the stress of everything melt away, even if only for a few hours. As if to add to the mountain of troubles this week, she arrived at the door of her neighborhood watering hole only to find a "Closed For Family Vacation" sign.
Shit. She had forgotten when Sal, the owner, had excitedly told her last weekend about taking the weekend to give him and his employees a break so he and his wife could get away to somewhere tropical.
"You're fucking kidding me." Stacy turned to see where the voice had come from, only to see a pretty brunette. She was wearing a light jacket over a button down blouse and pencil skirt with heels.
"Yeah, I forgot about it being Sal's vacation, too," Stacy replied. The two women looked at each other awkwardly for a minute, trying to figure out if they had seen the other around before.
"There's that new place a couple blocks over, if you want to walk with me. I don't know about you, but I definitely need a drink after my day, and a little extra walking isn't going to keep me from it."
"Let's go. I'm Stacy, by the way," she held out her hand to shake as they started walking down the street together.
"Tara, nice to meet you. I haven't seen you around here before."
"I haven't seen you, either."
"I normally come out on weeknights. Usually I work weekends, but I just started an office job. No more working on weekends. Until I get bored of it, at least."
The two women chatted the couple blocks to the other neighborhood bar. They found out that they were close in age, that their apartment buildings were on the same block, and that they were both single.
They sat down together at the bar and continued chatting amiably. They each found they were enjoying the other's company immensely. In fact, they hadn't realized how many drinks they had had, or how much time had passed until Stacy stood to go to the ladies room.
"Whoa," she giggled, unsteady on her feet, "I'm a little tipsy already!"
Tara giggled at her new friend. "Go ahead, Stace. I'll watch your drink."
When Stacy returned to her seat, it was to find that a guy had decided to try and chat up Tara. He was sitting in the empty seat on Tara's other side, and Stacy only heard the last part of the conversation.
"Look, I'm flattered, really, but you're really not my type," Tara told the man.
"Oh, then what is your type?" he replied, his pride obviously hurt by the blunt rejection.
"I am," Stacy boldly chimed in before Tara had a chance to, "And we were just leaving. Have a good night!" They turned away from the man and pulled their tab from the cup in front of them. Each paid half and they stumbled, giggling and holding each other up, out the front door.
"That was so awesome, Stacy! He was so annoying! As soon as your back was turned, he came up to me and was trying to get me to talk to him! Oh! Look! A taxi! I don't want to walk in these again," Tara pointed at her heels, "Let's hop in!"
They slid in and gave the driver the address to their block. They sat in the backseat, leaning against each other and still giggling. In their rush out, the two had only grabbed their jackets from the back of their stools. Stacy had only been wearing a tank top underneath hers, and felt the strap falling down her shoulder. Before she could make a move to fix it, Tara noticed.
"Look at your bra! So pretty and lacy! Can I see the whole thing?" Before waiting for a response, Tara moved both of Stacy's straps down to her elbows, brushing the skin of her arms and making Stacy's skin tingle all the way down, exposing the lacy, nude bra. There was only lace, no padding, and even in the dark taxi, the outline of her nipples were visible.
The taxi driver discreetly moved his rearview mirror to give himself a better view of the backseat and 'accidentally' forgot to make a turn in order to see where this was going.
"Sure!" Stacy laughed, her arms constrained to her sides by the straps. For some reason, she made no move to cover herself, "Of course you can see it!"
Tara gasped in realization of what she had done. "Oh, I'm so sorry! I just...I thought...I...Oh! Here! I'll show you mine!" Tara began unbuttoning her blouse. Stacy almost stopped her with assurances that it was okay, but the alcohol had her feeling fuzzy, her arms were still tingling, and she could feel her nipples hardening and a wetness growing between her legs.
As Tara finished with the buttons, she opened her shirt and pulled it off completely to reveal a pretty red with black lace trim bra. "It matches my panties!" The topless brunette leaned back, opening her legs, and hiking up her skirt to show that, indeed, she was wearing a matching red and black lacy thong.
Almost involuntarily, Stacy's hands reached out to touch the lacy triangle of fabric. She was surprised by how soft the lace was, and how wet the panties were.
"You're almost as wet as I am!" Stacy cried, not realizing she had said that out loud, her fingers still stroking the lace and beginning to register that she could feel Tara's lips through the thin, barely there fabric.
"Show me," Tara said with a teasing smile. As Stacy took her hand away to lean back and lift up her own skirt, one of Tara's hands moved to replace it. She began slowly stroking herself through her panties as her other hand toyed with the strap of her sexy bra, allowing it to slide down.
Stacy's hands paused as they grasped her hem. She looked back at Tara, first in to her eyes, then down at those delicious lips still curved in a sexy, tantalizing grin. Stacy's eyes moved down to the beautiful breasts peeking out over the curve of the bra cup. Tara's fingers teased at the lacy edge and then the tips dipped down to brush against hardened nipples. Seeing that, Stacy was spurred to action.
She lifted her skirt and showed her plain black panties to Tara, moving her leg up to the seat, and stroking her lips in rhythm with Tara's fingers. At that moment, they heard a zipper from the front seat. As they had been too enthralled with each other, they failed to notice that the taxi driver had driven them to a side street and parked the car.
"I hope you ladies don't mind. I won't try and come back there. I just want to watch," he said to the rearview mirror. Stacy and Tara looked at each other and shrugged.
"I don't mind," said Stacy, as she peeked over the seat to see the driver slowly rubbing and stroking himself. He turned in the seat to give her a better view and give himself a better one as well. His cock appeared to be 6 or 7 inches, and was thick. Stacy could see a vein almost pulsing along it.
As she was peeking over the seat, Stacy felt her breasts being touched. She looked down to see Tara's fingers tweaking and rubbing her nipple. Stacy reached up, pulled down the lacy cup, leaned back against the seat, and slid her hand into her panties. She enjoyed the sensations, and listened to the heavy breathing of the driver as he watched the erotic scene unfolding in his back seat. Tara took a peek over the seat, winked at the driver, slid down her panties with one hand, and leaned towards Stacy. She locked lips with Stacy, sticking her ass in the air, and - to the driver's surprise - reached a hand between her legs and straight into her wet, glistening pussy.
The driver looked desperately between the liplocking women and the fingers disappearing into the beautiful, shaved pussy. He felt his cock twitch and his balls tighten as he blew a load all over the front seat. He stifled a grunt, and prayed for a fast recovery time - he was not about to end the show, and he definitely didn't want to miss out on the chance to fully enjoy the live show in front of him.
Tara moved her way down from kissing Stacy's lips, to her neck, to her breasts and nipples, then down to the hand moving in her panties. Tara moved aside the tiny cloth and watched, moving her hand in her own pussy to match that of Stacy.
The driver, realizing he was not going to recover, started the car and put it into gear. As much as he would have loved to continue watching, there was no way he was going to charge the two women, and he was losing enough time on the clock as it was. He carefully drove the two moaning women to the address he had been given, and pulled to the curb. He glanced in to the backseat and saw the two women laying across the seat, kissing deeply, a pair of feet on the window, Tara underneath Stacy, both bras pulled down so their breasts could touch skin to skin.
A feeling of relief flooded over the driver as he felt his cock rising again. He turned off the taxi and twisted in his seat to see Stacy moving down the length of Tara's body, kissing her way down, licking and nibbling at the puffy nipples before sliding as far as she could. Tara shifted up, hands on her tits, head against the glass, one leg behind the headrest of the backseat, the other stretching over the front seat. As spread herself open, Stacy's face dove straight for Tara's bare pussy. She teased with light licks and nibbles until Tara grabbed her head and roughly pulled her to her clit.
"Suck that clit. Suck my fucking clit!" Tara cried out, grinding her hips and pussy into Stacy's willing tongue. "Don't stop baby, right there!"
All of a sudden, Stacy's foot knocked into the window button on the door, and she felt the cool air from outside hit her exposed ass and pussy. She shivered all over, but dared not to stop eating Tara's pussy, sensing the other woman was so close to climax.
That was enough for the driver. Again, he released a load onto the seat next to him, reminding himself he'd need to clean his mess before picking up another passenger.
Tara, one last time, cried out as she felt her body contract, and her pussy explode. She pulled Stacy's face to her lips and kissed the other woman to taste herself on those luscious lips.
Unbeknownst to the people in the car, the now open window had provided a clear view of the activity inside the car to an unassuming older neighbor. She watched discreetly from a darkened window as the ass wiggled in the air, then as the petite brunette's body shook under her crashing orgasm. She found herself absentmindedly with her hand between her legs, feeling wetness seep through her nightgown. The two women straightened themselves out, tossed money at the driver, then walked to the door of the building. They kissed on the sidewalk again, the petite brunette reaching her hand underneath the skirt again. The women backed away from the window, then realized she recognized the other girl as the bubbly, friendly neighbor girl, Stacy. Quickly she came up with a plan.
As the girls entered the door, trying to stifle giggles, the older widow opened her front door.
"Stacy, is that you? Oh, good, you have a friend with you. Would you young girls mind helping me out with something?" Noticing a look of apprehension on the girls' face, she smiled and added, "It won't take long, and it would help me sleep easier tonight."
"Of course, Mrs. Jones. We don't mind helping you," Stacy said as she and her friend reluctantly spilled into Mrs. Jones' apartment.
Mrs. Jones closed the door behind them, then turned, a smile on her face. "I saw the show you put on for the taxi driver just now," the widow untied her robe and let it drop, then began undoing the buttons on the front of her nightgown, "I want to see it again up close."
Tara made the first move towards Mrs. Jones, helping the nightgown from the older women's shoulders to drop and pool around her feet with the robe, then leading the widow to a comfy looking sofa to enjoy the show.