So I typically share my stories about visiting Asian massage parlors while traveling on business trips in the US. Last week I actually got to go to Asia. But I almost struck out...
I spent a week in China where we checked into four very upscale hotels. While I saw a lot of spas as we drove the streets, I did not get any time to visit one, since I was traveling with three co-workers and there wasn't any free time.
Ironically some of these hotels had some high class looking prostitutes trolling the halls and elevators. Unfortunately they only hit on my Mormon co-worker. He won't even drink a cup of coffee; he wasn't going to take one of these girls up on their offer for a "massage".
After a long week in China, my co-workers went home, and I had to go to Tokyo for some additional meetings. However I had a three day weekend before my meetings were scheduled.
I finally got to my hotel around 930 pm. I was starving so I started exploring the neighborhood to find a place to eat. I had to cross under an elevated railroad to get to an area with restaurants. As I am walking under the railroad tracks, I start having girls come up to me asking me if I wanted "Massageee". I said no a few times - I had just arrived I couldn't take the first thing offered to me, I had to shop around a bit.
Finally a real stunner stopped me, so I had to talk to her and find out the details. She said 30 minutes was 3,000 Yen, or roughly $30 US. My first question was "where"? I was hoping we would go back to my hotel, but she said their place was a few blocks away. I declined. First of all I was exhausted, and secondly $30 could not buy anything worthwhile. I tried to find out how much an hour would be, but she could not speak any more English. However she could pantomime blow Jobs and fucking really well.
I don't count this as a strike, the story gets worse.
I did some research and walked around the neighborhood, and the going rate was 3,500 Yen for 30 minutes, and 7,000 for an hour. This rate was close to inexpensive places in the US. I was still leery.
At my hotel I noticed that you could order up a massage directly to your room. Now this sounded interesting. I never had an in-call massage. It was a "Touch Massage" and they advertised as 10,000 Yen. Now I could expect that this may be a reasonable massage.
The next evening I called the in-house number. It took a while to connect. Once I connected, it sounded a little sketch. My mind had me picture a Mama-San at a local massage parlor planning to send up one of her girls. I was way off!
I prepared in my room. What to wear? They had nice plush robes, and they had some very thin oversized things that I could best describe as night shirts. If I knew this would be an erotic massage, I would have just worn the robe, with nothing underneath. But I wasn't sure, so I wore the night shirt, with a pair of snug boxer briefs underneath.
Eventually I had a knock on my door. I answered, and was a little disappointed to see it was an older lady. Not unattractive, but older and looking a little tired.
I let her in to my room. She confirmed that I wanted a massage, and that was the extent of her English. She wanted me to lay on my belly diagonally on the bed. I took off my nightshirt and stood there in my underwear as she was getting ready. She turned to me and I grabbed the waist band of my briefs and started to pull them down, when I asked her "on or off?"
She said "shirt on." So I continued to lower my briefs until she said "no, no, no, "Keep on and shirt". Well I thought that was strange, the shirt wasn't very comfortable, how would I have a massage like this.
I laid down on my belly as she requested and she started. She used no oil or cream. This is when I figured out what they meant by "Touch Massage". She would take her five finger tips and push them into your skin, and twist them about 120 degrees. She would do this in rapid fashion all over your body. Up one leg and down another. She was able to do this right through your clothes. Whenever she had me change positions even the slightest bit she would scramble to cover me if my underwear showed at all. Not only was this not going to be an erotic massage, it wasn't even relaxing. And I didn't even get to experience CFNM, which I think is half the fun. STRIKE 1.
So the next night I tied to improve over my previous failure. I was in the Ginza section of Tokyo. There are a lot of restaurants, strip clubs, bars, massage parlors and, what looked like brothels. Just like in many big cities, many of the places had a guy, or pretty woman outside trying to entice patrons in. However, if you were a westerner, they typically turned their back on you, or stood in the doorway and crossed their arm across their chest to show that you were not welcome. I found this strange. Here I was a western business man (they couldn't tell if I was American or European) obviously I have a corporate credit card to use and I am looking for a meal and a drink. Their dislike for westerners trumps their desire for sales.
I found a massage parlor that said westerners were welcome, but I wasn't ready to stop in, and then I couldn't find them again. Finally I saw a spa that that had steam rooms, hot tubs and showers for 10,000 yen ($100) This looked right up my alley. I circled the block a few times looking for undesirables and the place looked ok.
I walked in and they seemed surprised to see a westerner, but they were friendly. They spoke almost no English. I paid 10,000 yen, and they gave me back 9,000. I read the door wrong, it was only 100 Yen, or $10. This surprised me. I figured either I completely misunderstood what this place was, or this was just an inexpensive door fee, and the girls would make you pay more once you are in the room. That was dangerous, because when a pretty nude girl has your hard dick in her hand, you have no negotiating leverage.
They handed me a key and had me open a small locker behind me. I was to put my wallet and shoes inside, and take out slippers to wear. I complied.
Then they gave me a second locker key and told me to go behind a curtain, leave all my clothes in a locker, and put on a robe. OK, now we are getting somewhere.
After I complied again, I came back out into the lobby, and they motioned for me to go to the elevator and go down. This spa was a 4 story building, I figure the private rooms were upstairs.
I took the elevator downstairs and it opened into an unoccupied room with about 10 chairs that could best be described as hair dresser stations. I walked through but didn't know where to go next. I went back to the lobby and convinced the guy to walk with me and show me.
He brought me back downstairs and showed me to a room where I would undress, and enter the steam room and hot tub area. When I got there I saw a couple of local guys, so I followed their lead. We all hung our robes and walked into the next room that had a number of individual hot tubs and some strange stools.
The guy I was following first went to a stool and started to take a seated shower. They had flexible shower heads, soap, shampoo and anything else you needed for a shower. He finished up and took the last of the individual hot tubs, so I lingered a bit and took a longer shower. Finally a hot tub came open so I sat in it. Now there were five guys and five tubs, pretty close to each other. So I took the last one and observed. I am now getting concerned that this was a gay bathhouse. However I was safe, as the only westerner they wouldn't even acknowledge my presence.
One by one the guys got up and went into the steam room for a few minutes, typically alone, so the gay aspect seemed less and less likely. When they came out they briefly showered off again, and left the room to go back where we hung our robes. I tried to time myself so I was a minute or two behind the guy in front of me. After the steam room and my shower I went to get my robe, and now I was alone and in the room that looked like a beauty salon. I dried off and combed my hair, and looked around the rest of the basement. It was deserted. I got back on the elevator and tried the upper floors of the building.
You could not select those floors without a key. So I went back into the lobby and to the locker where I left my cloths. I saw two of the guys from downstairs getting dressed and leaving. So that was it? $10 for a bath and soak?
I am still a little confused as to what this place was. Did guys come here because they rented rooms without showers? They were certainly confused why I was there. Oh well STRIKE 2 - At least it was cheap.
I didn't want to wait until the next night, so I cruised the streets some more. At one corner two girls approached me and asked for $100 for a massage. They were clear that it included a blow job and sex. Honestly they looked a little young and I had no idea where they would bring me. I didn't want to end up mugged, or worse, and they seemed too young.
I talked to them for a minute or two to understand the details and I politely said no. I went in search of the place that said they welcomed Westerners. I still didn't find it, but I found a Thai Spa. The published rates looked the same as the other erotic massage places so I figured I would give it a try.
I entered the door, and had to climb four sets of stairs. What a fire trap. You would not believe everything that was stored in the stairs. I finally got to the right floor, and a woman greeted me. I was hoping this was the Mama San, not the masseuse. She was probably 40 to 50.
She had me sit down on the couch and she kneeled next to me while she opened their menu book on my lap. They had the menu in numerous languages. She turned to the page that was sort of in English. I can make out a number of options. 30 minutes, 60 minute, and 90 minute durations, each with options like deep tissue , hot stones and Lingam.
I quickly settled on 60 minutes, medium pressure, but I did not know what Lignum was. She kept repeating it as if that would make me understand "Lingam, Lingam, Lingam:" and then I got it when she said it for a fourth time, while she grabbed my cock through my jeans and rubbed it back and forth.
I closed the book and said "yes we will have to have that!"
She smiled when we finally understood each other. She took me to a small three sided room with the entrance to the hallway blocked by a curtain - not exactly private. She had me strip off my cloths, while she entered and exited the room a few times to bring in supplies. I thought that was good, no reason for false modesty.
I then laid down on a mat on the floor and waited. The room lighting was dim, and I did not look up when she finally came in to begin. She had me remain nude, with no draping for about a 35 minute back rub. She would not shy away when her hands would approach my cock, balls, or ass. Because of this I was at half-staff when she had me flip over.
It was at this point that I realized that this was not the Mama San, but a pretty 20 - something girl. That made me happy.
Since this was supposed to be a Thai Massage, we went through a number of stretches. I of course was still naked and uncovered, so these stretches exposed a lot. She would lightly grab and stroke my cock whenever the stretch would cause it to be displayed more than usual.
She did so much of this stroking that I was rock hard when we finished and she laid back down to start the Lignum portion of the evening. At this point I tried to see how much I could get away with. I started unbuttoning her long shapeless robe like outfit. I was glad to see that she was nude underneath. I exposed much of her tight little body. Small boobs, but what would you expect on a petite girl from Thailand.
She didn't seem to mind me feeling her up, and even sucking on her tits a bit. But when I tried to slip her robe off her shoulders, she asked for more money. About $200. This could only mean that she was offering to put out and we were going to have sex. Unfortunately, I did not have $200. This was on purpose, I didn't want to be coerced into spending too much.
I told her I only had what would amount to around $50, which would have been a great tip there.
She got up and left the room to have a conversation with the mamasan. I heard them speak for a few minutes. I couldn't understand it but the conclusion seemed to be, just go jerk him off and let him go. Because that is pretty much what happened. She came back in and knelt beside me with her robe open again and she started stroking my cock. She did a decent job, not great.
But all's well that ends well. A few minutes later I had an orgasm. She cleaned me up a little and showed me the way to a shower. I showered and went back to the room to get dressed. She was in the room cleaning up at the time. I didn't mind.
So it wasn't my best experience, but it certainly beat getting a third strike.
I have to go back to China next month. Maybe I will see if one of the hotel girls offers me a massage. If so I will be sure to share it.