I saw her at a small secluded nude beach near the lake. It was early in the morning, and we were the only two people there. She was doing yoga exercises on her towel in the nude. I was spellbound by her smooth and deliberate motions between different yoga-positions. I couldn't help but look at her beautiful breasts, nice ass, lovely pussy but most of all, her sweet face. I try not to stare but found myself looking at her from the corner of my eyes, especially during poses that gave me a good look at her sexy body.
"Downward Dog" is a position on hands and feet, with stretched legs. Her beautiful breasts showed that they are still quite resistant to gravity. I caught my mouth falling open, so I exhaled deeply to help me concentrate on not getting a boner. I considered leaving before offending her by displaying my arousal, but I did not want to stop watching. Besides, I said to myself, she would probably now that erections sometimes happen. Perhaps she would not even think it's a big deal.
"Bridge Pose" - I know the names of some of the poses because I did yoga for a blue Monday. In Bridge pose she is thrusting her pubic mound up high, with her shoulders and feet on the ground. Absentmindedly I lick my lips. During Wide-Legged Standing Forward Fold I got a full view of her pussylips, while she was facing in my direction from between her legs.
I was mesmerized by her, and it was starting to have an effect on me, and my cock is starting to grow. I felt the pleasant twitches of my growing erection while staring at her, when I shockingly realized that she was looking at me from between her legs. I tried to hide it by pulling up my legs, but I'm not sure if I blocked her view completely. I feel my cheeks turn red in embarrassment. Our eyes met and she gave me a small wink before continuing the to the next pose.
Knee-head position has her head facing down on one outstretched leg. Still ashamed of sporting an erection in public, I saw this as my chance to make my way to the cover of the trees more or less unseen, and to take care of it.
It was an awkward walk with my hands in front of me trying to cover my erection. Standing out of sight, I grabbed my cock and started to rub it. Gently at first, I gradually increased my pace to a furious jerk. I stopped for a moment to spit on my cock for lubrication and continued jerking off. I close my eyes and fantasize about fucking her tits. I feel my climax approaching and slow down a bit to prolong the sensation. Suddenly I hear a twig snap and I open my eyes.
She had gotten dressed again and packed up her stuff and was walking past my poorly chosen hiding spot and saw me masturbating. Shocked by getting caught, I stopped. Like a deer caught in the headlight, I stood there, motionless, for what seems like an eternity. She was looking at me from just a few yards away. I had not even considered hiding my throbbing erection from her eyes.
Then I saw her gaze drop to my groin, while I was still on the verge of exploding. She smiled. That was enough to send me over the edge even though I was not touching it. I moaned deeply and looked down at myself. The first spasm produced just a drizzle of cum, dripping down my shaft. The second spasm sent a long rope of semen in her direction. My dick bounced in agony. The following spurts flew everywhere! I heard the noise of my semen hitting the leaves on the ground. This was the strongest orgasm I have ever felt!
The last glob of cum made its way down my cock and formed a strand, slowly dropping down. A post-orgasmic shiver ran through my body. I looked at her and saw her eyes transfixed at my cock, twitching as if it wanted to shake off the cum. I looked at her again but got no eye-contact. When my orgasmic trance finally subsided, I sighed to catch my breath. She looked me in the eyes and winked. As she walked away, she turned around and put her finger against her mouth, indicating that she won't tell anyone what she saw.