Ikura was back in town and had with him two young Japanese assistants who turned out to be identical twins. He had arrived in Hong Kong quite late, and so Jacques had invited them all to dinner.
Jacques wanted to show Ikura some plans for a new product, and so the big screen was on. To make sure that everyone could see, Ikura and Jacques sat at each end of the table and the twins on the long side with Elise between them.
To say that Elise was not interested in the plans would be an understatement, but she very quickly found something else to pass the time. Both Ikura and Jacques were skewed away from her watching the film and discussing it, so it was easy for Elise to lean a little to the left and then a little to the right without being noticed. Her hands were very busy searching out the bumps in the front of the twins' trousers which of course got bigger with each passing minute. Elise even managed to get their flies unzipped and her nimble fingers coaxed the twins' dicks into protrusion through their flies, though still within their boxers.
Jacques and Ikura rose to go and view some wonderful hibiscus flowers that Jacques had managed to grow out in the conservatory. Ikura was a little surprised that his two assistants did not rise when he left, but had he known what had been happening to them he would have understood the reason: the rise was elsewhere.
As soon as Jacques and Ikura had left, Elise pushed back her chair and started walking towards the lounge area. As usual around the house, she was wearing a wrap-around skirt clipped at the left, a white 'boob-tube' and solid wedge-heeled mules. Nothing else.
Elise had learned from past experience that if she were to make the most of the available males entering her web, she needed to be able to undress quickly, as required.
Elise was aware that the twins were following her, and as she turned to seat herself in a large easy chair, she realised that they were carrying their shoes, trousers, and boxers.
They had been extremely clever too in achieving that in the short space of time, and while following her. Her heart leaped in pleasure at the success of her plot, and anticipation of what looked likely to happen. She slipped out of her mules, drew her legs up onto the chair and waited, knowing that the twins would now be getting a good view of that special place between her legs, and expecting further progress in that department soon. The twins certainly seemed to have a clear idea of what they were going to do from the looks of it. She did not have long to wait.
The twins carefully laid their shoes and clothes at each side of the chair, and then the one on the left moved quickly in front of Elise. Catching her legs across his forearms he sprang up onto the chair and then mounted the chair arms pushing her legs way back. Elise realised what was happening and managed to unhook her skirt just in time. Now a hot, hard dick was working its way into her mouth and the other twin had already introduced himself to her vagina and was busy vigorously investigating it with his tongue. What more could she ask? Who would have suspected that her plan would be SO successful? Soon the lower guy stood up and exchanged his tongue for his throbbing dick.
His hands reached up between his twin's legs and disappeared under her boob tube to tweak her nipples. The twin on top reached over and gripped the chair back so that he could concentrate on fucking the cherry-sweet mouth of Elise.
All we could now hear was balls slapping: one set onto her cunt and another set into her face. A hot surge went through Elise and she realised that the lower guy had now ejaculated a sticky load deep inside her. Lisa could hear the familiar slap, slap, slap of balls and popped her head around the kitchen door and took in the amazing sight. There was now a brief verbal exchange between the twins and like lightning they exchanged positions. Elise now found herself cleaning the cock of the guy from down below while the guy from upstairs, first catching the first white dribbles from Elise's cunt on his dick, then slipped it straight into her cunt. Now Elise was taken on yet another ball slapping adventure until yet another warm sensation told her that she had been given a refill down below.
Elise became aware of voices and realised that Ikura and Jacques were returning. The twins also realised their boss was coming back and they quickly dismounted and made themselves decent.
Ikura was now in front of Elise, who had not yet reacted, and was still as the twins had left her, and so he simply opened his fly, retrieved his massive cock, and after spreading the legs of Elise across the chair arms, worked about 5 inches of his massive member into the hot, wet, sticky cunt now fully exposed.
He rocked back and forth sliding the exposed 5 inches in and out. No ball-slapping from Ikura: just a continuous steady fuck until Elise spasmed and locked. Ikura retracted and with a mighty effort pushed back in and shot his own load deep inside.
As Ikura retracted, he turned to Jacques and said, "Here is your favourite dessert once again, old friend." Jacques lost no time in dropping to his knees and slurping out the voluminous sticky fluid now starting to emerge.
"What a pleasant surprise that was," said Elise. "I wonder where the twins learned that wonderful act? Very special," she continued.
Lisa, back in the kitchen, made a mental note that she needed to figure out how she could obtain the same service herself, but without Ikura: he was just TOO big for her.