The next morning Cassie was already up when I went out to have breakfast. She was in the kitchen with Danielle, and Cassie just smiled and said good morning like the events of the previous night were all in my imagination. Not that I expected her to say 'thank you for sucking my tits last night and it would have been great if Danielle didn't spoil our chance to fuck.'
After breakfast I went back to my room and messed around on the computer for a while. I could not stop thinking about what happened between me and my sister, it did seem kind of surreal, like a beautiful vivid dream that I could not get out of my head. The visions of her lovely tits and the way it felt to suck on them was something I would never forget. I was also extremely frustrated that Danielle came home when she did. I'm certain Cassie and I were about to fuck and that would have been the best thing I could possibly ever imagine to happen.
Now I wasn't sure where things would go from here. Obviously Cassie was excited and horny the previous night, but maybe she would think things over in the morning and realise she had gone too far, or at least that it would be wise not to go any further with me.
I tried to distract myself by playing games on the computer, but whatever I did she kept creeping back into my head. Her gorgeous cheeky smiling face and those tits, ohh those tits. After a few hours I managed to distract myself here and there, I was dying just to talk to Cassie but she'd gone out shopping with a friend. The more I thought about it, the more I thought last night was probably all that was ever going to happen. I'm sure she would continue to dress in her skimpy outfits and be a little tease, but it was pretty unlikely there would be any more between us.
Just as I was thinking about this I heard the messenger sound go on my phone. I prayed that it was Cassie and when I looked to see, I was very excited to find out that the message was from her. I quickly opened it up and when I did I almost fell off my chair.
She had sent me a photo of herself taken in the bathroom, a towel draped over one shoulder but otherwise completely naked. The photo was taken in the mirror and the steamy room made the photo a little blurry, but it was enough to see her tits and her lovely hairy pussy. I loved that she didn't shave, she was just neatly trimmed and the sight of her vagina exposed sent my heart beating through the roof. I knew at that moment it was only a matter of time before I got my dick inside of her.
I quickly responded to her, sending a little love heart and then said:
Lovely photo, thank you! :D
A few minutes later I got a response:
No worries sweetie, glad you like it (kissy face)
In that moment I was the happiest I had ever been in my life. If I wasn't in love with Cassie before last night, I definitely was now. Not because I had seen her naked, just because I realised what an amazing and lovely girl she was, and she was so kind and nice to me. She was obviously loving this little relationship we had started as well, and that just made me feel warm all over.
I quickly locked my door, brought the picture up on my computer and masturbated frantically. I think I came in what seemed like less than a minute.
From that point on it seemed like an eternity waiting for the next opportunity to be alone with my sister. The best I got was a couple of quick kisses on the lips when she left for work and Danielle wasn't in the room. At least that was enough to know she was still keen for some action when the time was right.
Finally, about three weeks after that night, Danielle told me she was going away for the weekend. Her and some friends were going on a camping trip, she was to leave on the Friday night and return home some time on Sunday. When I heard this I became very excited that it would be my chance to get Cassie's pants off and fuck her brains out.
I was so excited about this idea that I had to message Cassie, feeling pretty confident that she also wanted to have sex with me given an opportunity like this. She had certainly given me all the signs that's what she wanted anyway.
Hey Cassie, Danielle is going away from Friday to Sunday this weekend, it will just be you and me at home ;)
I waited in nervous anticipation and a little while later I got a response.
Ooh, good news! I love it when she's not home haha
The message was good, but I wasn't quite sure if she was thinking what I was thinking. As I pondered how to make it more clear I got another message from her.
Guess we can pick up where we left off last time she wasn't home hey? ;)
Ahh yes my thoughts exactly, can't wait!
To that she sent me some love hearts back. I wanted to scream out with joy I was so excited, just a few more days and I would get to be alone with naked Cassie once again.
Friday finally night came and Danielle was gone before I got home from work. Cassie was already home and I noticed she had more clothes on than usual but still looked very sexy, wearing a low cut pink top and a tight pair of blue jeans.
I said hello and we chatted a little bit about our day and then I went off to my room to get changed. I came back out into the kitchen where Cassie was and she just looked at me.
"So?" she said with one eyebrow raised and her characteristic cheeky smile.
"So," I replied.
"What we gonna do tonight?"
"Umm, not sure" I said, smiling. I was already very excited with the anticipation of what I was hoping would take place. I didn't know how to get things happening but luckily as usual Cassie took the lead straight away.
"Well I'm going to go take a shower," she said.
"Ok."
She paused just looking at me for a moment. Then she stepped in closer, gave me a little kiss on the lips and said "you can come and watch me if you like."
Ohh fuck yes! I thought, that sounded amazing.
"Mmm I would love to come and watch," I replied.
Cassie giggled and then walked ahead of me slowly towards the bathroom. As she walked she pulled off her top and threw it on the floor in the hall. Next she unclipped her bra and threw that down as well. She shook her hair, gave it a little ruffle and then stretched her arms out, embracing her love for taking her clothes off. As we got to the vanity area she stopped, unzipped her jeans and pulled those off, leaving them on the floor there. Now all she had left on were a pair of white undies with little pink flowers on them. She looked over her shoulder for a moment and wiggled her sexy ass at me.Fuck yes this is going to be a great night,I thought.
She entered the bathroom and turned on the shower, giving me a nice glimpse of her tits from the side. Once it was running she finally slid off her undies and I saw her fully naked from behind for the first time.
The shower area was large and had a glass panel that came out and no door. I sat down on the edge of the bath, my heart beating very fast with this little show Cassie was putting on. From where I sat I could easily see through the opening, with no glass obstructing my view. Cassie adjusted the temperature and then turned around to face me.
My dick instantly jumped as I could now clearly see her lovely tits and pussy. She gave me a big smile, obviously loving exposing herself to me like this. My heart was racing with the sight of her gorgeous vagina in front of me, and the water starting to stream down over her beautiful perky tits. Her pussy was hairy but trimmed enough that I could clearly see her opening underneath. I stared between her legs for a good few moments, my cock pressing hard against my pants just dying to escape.
Cassie soaped up the loofah and began rubbing it all over her wet skin, first her arms, then her tummy, then moving up onto her breasts. I let out an audible "mmmmm" at the sight of this and she giggled at me. It was the most sexy display I had ever witnessed, the sight of soapy suds dripping down her fantastic wet tits, as she rubbed the loofah back and forth over them.
Next she turned around and put one leg on the ledge and soaped up her legs. I could just see a glimpse of her pussy from behind and this drove me wild. Oh how I wanted to get naked and join her, ramming my hard cock straight into that little opening I could see.
I reflected for a moment about all this happening, my gorgeous sister letting me watch her nude in the shower, rubbing soap all over herself and giggling as I watched. I could hardly believe it was real and I felt like I was the luckiest man alive.
As she was turned the other way I put my hand down my pants and started rubbing my aching cock as I peered between her legs. For a moment she bent over a bit further, giving me an even better view of her vagina from behind. I felt like I was almost ready to come, so I pulled my hand out of my pants, just in time for her to turn around and look in my direction. She pouted a little kiss at me and giggled again.
After rinsing down she turned off the shower, stepped out and wrapped a towel around herself. She shook her wet hair and looked more gorgeous than ever, smelling so fresh with the floral scent of soap radiating from her beautiful soft skin. I was in absolute heaven.
Cassie continued the show drying herself off and I watched as her boobs sprung up and down with the action of her rubbing the towel over them. When she was done she hung up the towel and turned her back to me with a quick peek over her shoulder as if to make sure I was still looking. Of course my eyes were glued to her every move.
Then she bent over very slowly to pick up her undies, exposing the rear of her pussy clearly in my face from behind. I couldn't help letting out a little gasping sound and to that she shook her bum at me, knowing that I loved the view.
After that she put her undies back on, then almost as if she had forgotten she said, "oh fuck my clothes are spread out all over the hall!" We both laughed and I offered to get them for her.
"Yes please sweetie, thank you."
I gathered up her clothes and put them over the edge of the bath.
Cassie proceeded to put her lacey pink bra back on and at that point I became a little disappointed that she was getting dressed. For a moment I thought maybe we weren't going to have sex after all, but surely she had been thinking the same as me. I was a bit relieved when she didn't put anything else on though and just stayed in her underwear.
"Ahh, I'm feeling so refreshed now," she said.
"Mmmm thank you for letting me watch, that was amazing."
She giggled, "no worries, any time!"
"Oh really, any time hey?! that's good to know!"
We both laughed.
"You are so fucking naughty," I told her.
"Who me? I don't think so."
"Really, so getting naked in front of me and bending over right in front of my face isn't naughty to you hey?"
She laughed, "I suppose maybe a little bit, so what you gonna do about it?"
I was feeling more and more confident with her now and replied, "I should smack your bare little ass!"
"Ooh! maybe you should. I mean I do probably deserve it, but you'll have to catch me first."
She looked at me for a moment and I knew she was about to run away, wanting me to chase her. She took off down the hall giggling and I ran after her.
"Hey come here!" I said, "the more you run away the harder I'm going to smack you!"
Cassie squealed in delight and kept trying to get away from me. I chased her through the kitchen where she tried to take refuge behind the table, I got around and chased her into the living room. There was only one way in and out and I knew I had her now. I tricked her by side stepping and then grabbed hold of her by wrapping my arms around her waist. She squealed loudly and started laughing.
"Got you!" I said.
"Got me," she replied, breathing heavily.
I was almost feverish with excitement. My blood was pumping and I was so worked up about what was hopefully about to happen. I wrestled her onto the lounge and turned her over so her ass was facing me. She was still giggling and resisting as I grabbed hold of her undies and pulled at them.
"Nooooooooo!" she said giggling.
"Yes! these are coming off right now! and I am not giving them back!"
She squirmed and resisted as I pulled at her undies, she was holding onto them trying to keep them on.
"No no nooooooo!" she said laughing.
I was confident it was a playful resistance, I'm sure she would have made it clear if she didn't actually want me to proceed. I got the better of her of course and pulled those cute little undies free of her hands and then all the way down her legs and over her ankles, exposing her bare ass in front of me. I threw them as far as I could into the living room and then planted a hard smack on her ass cheek.
She screamed so loudly I thought the neighbours would hear, but that didn't stop me from planting another hard one on the other cheek. She screamed again and then let out a sexy little moan.
Taking the lead now, I rolled her over on the lounge, exposing her pussy clearly before me. She looked up at me with those sweet eyes and bit her lip. She was still wearing her bra and I squeezed her tits a little as I leant down and gave her a nice wet kiss.
"Mmmmmm," she purred.
All barriers had broken down now, there was no longer any kind of standoff actions about being siblings. I wanted to fuck her hard and it certainly seemed like she wanted the same thing. I kissed her again as I slid my hand down onto her pussy, stroking it with my fingers and finding her clit. She was already a little wet as I rubbed her clit back and forth and she moaned deeper now as our lips parted again. I continued rubbing her pussy until she whispered, "it's a little unfair that I'm the only one without pants on don't you think?"
I giggled, "yes I suppose so," and with that I stood up and unzipped my jeans.
I took my pants and undies off and my dick sprang out as stiff as it could possibly be. Cassie gasped at the sight of it and said, "mmmm very nice." I was extremely pleased about her approval.
"I want to fuck you so badly Cassie," I said.
"Mmmm me too sweetie, I've been waiting for this."
"You'vebeen waiting! I've been counting down the days, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you!"
She giggled, "you're a sweetheart," she said.
"I just need to make myself a little bit more wet ok," and with that she slid her hand down and started stroking her pussy. I was so excited, and with my cock out I instinctively started masturbating.
"Mmmmm," she purred "I love that! soooo horny!"
"Mmmmm, I want you so badly," I replied.
I was so in love with her, she had become everything to me. Cassie was all I thought about day and night. She was the most wonderful and amazing person I had ever met, and being my sister I was closer to her than anyone else in my life. Now I was finally going to get to fuck her, I couldn't believe I was so lucky and that she was so into it too.