My wife is not an exhibitionist, but if it is to prove a point; read on.
It started one day when we stopped by her parent's house. Walking into the back yard I was informed to announce my presence or I may surprise her father. I knew her father generally walked around in only shorts, but I soon learned that he removed these to sunbath. We entered the yard and positioned on the patio was an empty lounge chair that I was told he used to sunbath.
Later that night we were discussing her father sun bathing in the nude. Her attitude was that it was his back yard and he had the right to do as he pleased. I simple stated the risk of being seen. A naked woman may be acceptable, but a nude man could be labeled a pervert, and there was the possibility of neighbors calling the police. To end our discussion, I dared her to do it, and was surprised when I guess to justify everything she responded yes. A few days later we were requested to stop by her parent's house to pick up something on our way to a family party. I knew her parents were not home, but she joked anyway about how I need not worry about finding her father naked.
I was standing where the lounge chair had been a few days earlier when she asked what I was doing. I told her I was trying to determine if the neighbors could look out their windows at her father. I had my back to her and was looking around.
I turned to find her topless and about to remove her shorts. She said don't worry no one can see and proceeded to remove all her clothes. The crazy thing is she actually appeared proud of herself standing there naked.
I asked her if this was her way of proving a point. She posed for a brief moment, walked up and put her arms around me. She had a coy look on her face and commented that I was rather quiet, she expected me to make some remark. Say something! I was in shock. My wife was actually comfortable standing naked in her parent's back yard.
It was then I saw a neighbor standing at the rear of his garage. Under normal circumstances the yard is isolated and no one would be able to view us, but it appeared this man was there to fix something. A good observation as he had a hammer in his hand.
I turned my wife around and wrapped my arms around her waist. At first I thought she believed I was going to be affectionate, maybe kiss her neck. Then I told her we were being watched. She looked up and saw the old man staring. She made a lame effort to break free, to which I whispered that it appeared the man enjoyed the view.
With no fence between the old man and us he walked over to join us. I loosened my grip giving her the opportunity to run if she wanted. She stayed her ground and stepped forward to greet the man by name, and introduce me.
The old man apologized for staring, but explained that his wife had died several years ago and that he lived alone. He told my wife that he had not seen a woman naked for a long time. He said if felt good to get excited again. I stood in total surprise as my naked wife engaged in conversation with this man.
He made a comment I did not hear; she smiled and told him it would be ok. With both hands this man began to fondle her breasts. She willingly stood there allowing the man to touch her. After a few minutes the man became more daring and reached down toward her pussy. She laughingly said no, and the man removed his hands, excused himself, thanked her and returned to his home. She said she had better put her clothes back on, as we had to be some place. When we started to drive away I asked what this incident was all about. She said she felt sorry for the man being alone and if creasing her breasts made him happy whom did it hurt.
Part II
For years we rented a beach house. The house was down a private road and it provided access to what I will call a semi-private beach. There were other homes along the shore, and the general public did walk the beach.
One day while laying on the beach my wife commented that her cousin and his wife had rented the house the week before. My reply was had we known we could have come our earlier and spend some time with them. She said that might not be a good idea, she heard that they walked the property in the nude.
I commented that while it is private property there was some degree of risk as the public did have access and they might be observed. She actually said that on one occasion they needed to hide when visitors came, but insisted it was private property and they had the right to go naked if they pleased.
We debated the risks, and I finally inquired if she would ever get naked on the beach. To prove her point she said yes, but asked that we move down the beach. Please note, we had friends staying at the house with us and she did not want them coming down to the beach and see her.
We walked down the beach to a large rock. I assumed she wanted to go behind the rock to be out of view. Instead, she climbed up onto this large rock. She said she did not want to remove her bathing suit, but asked if it would be OK to just roll the top down, as she was wearing a one-piece suit.
Before I could answer she rolled the top down as far as it could go. She then sat straight up with her arms at her side, her breasts exposed for all to see.
Now there was a boat on the water that was drifting closer to shore. Occasionally we saw a flash of light reflecting off the boat, which I knew were from a paid of binoculars. When she asked what the flash was I told her most likely a reflection off the boats window. As the boat moved closer she asked if she could pull her top up.