Suzi and James, as I have stated previously, are very close friends of mine. I've mentioned that a few years back, they used to own a small cabaret club, which was very busy with a fun loving atmosphere. I've explained that they would on occasions put on Burlesque nights and adult themed evenings, always with the delectable Suzi dressed to sexual perfection, in whatever the evening event was about.
I have seen Suzi appear as a burlesque dancer once, complete with nipple tassels, tiny g-string and feather boa. She has dressed as a bunny girl when the club had a playboy mansion theme night and my own personal favourite when she paraded around the club in a cinched waist corset, fishnet stockings, high heels, long gloves with a tiny black see through thong that barely covered her obviously shaved mound on a tarts and vicars night. Every guy she spoke to that evening made any excuse to hold her waist or brush against her perfect ass. I myself enjoyed a delightful hold of her left buttock and right side boob. She knew exactly what she was doing and her exhibitionist side thrived on these evenings.
Suzi is and always will be the perfect hostess and her flirtatious nature always puts everyone at ease both male and female. She is also blessed with an absolutely eye-popping stupendous hour glass figure, with huge firm breasts, cinched tiny waist and perfectly formed buttocks, which I'm pleased to reveal she always showed off to perfection. Her figure is an unbelievable 34G-24-34 which sits on very long slender legs for such a petite lady. Her short blonde bobbed hair frames her face perfectly, emphasising her warm smile and full sexy lips. Suzi has always wore stylish spectacles which only added to her lustful look. Suzi always without exception, would wear the tightest most revealing skirts, tops and dresses whenever out and about. Always mini length to show off those fabulous legs. Her dresses, skirts and top were always skin-tight, hugging her magnificent hour glass body and displaying her huge perfect braless breasts.
As I said she was very flirtatious and would quite often expose her nipples deliberately, offering her pendulous breasts to be held and touched or bend over arching her back, with her toned buttocks sticking out and lift her hemline to reveal her firm curvy buttocks, sometimes wearing a thong but there have been occasions when she would be naked beneath, which is how i discovered she had a shaved pussy.
On one occasion in a pub, she lifted the front of her dress, sitting on a barstool, opened her legs and revealed her perfect shaved pussy to me. I stared in disbelief at the smoothest, tightest looking pussy I have ever clapped eyes on. When James returned, she closed her legs with a wry naughty smile emblazoned across her face as she gave me a very saucy wink and blew me a very sexy kiss.
Rumours have always circulated about Suzi and James being ardent swingers. I've often heard legendary tales about guys going back to their apartment, have the indebted pleasure of fucking Suzi whilst James casually looked on. I had no reason not to believe these rumours as Suzi was indeed a very sexy lady and a tremendous flirt, whereas James always remained cool when guys would often hit on his stunning wife, including me.
Suzi was upstairs getting dressed, so James and I went out for a cigarette on the rooftop terrace of their flat. This would turn out to be the greatest conversation of my life as James opened up to me regarding his and Suzi's lifestyle.
"Are you a bit of a player? You look like you could be, but you don't reveal too much about your private life!" James said, inhaling deeply as cool smoke filled his lungs.
"I've had my moments!" I smiled "I don't like all and sundry to know my business!"
James grinned, then took a sip from his Bacardi and Coke.
"This bodes well that you can keep things private!"
"In what way?" I enquired, genuinely inquisitive.
"You've probably heard a lot of rumours about me and Suzi. Swinging and stuff like that!" James said quietly "It's true but we try to keep it low profile as there are too many gossips in this town!"
"I know what you mean. I like to fly under the radar when I'm having a little fun!" I smiled.
"Just to let you know, Suzi thinks you're cool and I have no objections if you want to pursue a little fun with my wife, if you're up for it!" James said reassuringly.
I nodded and smiled as James continued.
"Some of the things we've got up to in the past, you wouldn't believe!" He laughed.
"Such as?" I continued with my line of question.
"We go out to a swingers area in Tenerife, which is great fun. Suzi has enjoyed a lot of cock in that resort. We've done some interesting shit whilst in Amsterdam at some of the private clubs, including Videos and a couple of photo shoots. We know this photographer over there and he brings guys in to fuck Suzi!" James said almost nonchalantly.
"Any black guys?" I smiled.
"Hell yeah! Big black cocks sliding in and out of Suzi's pussy and her ass!" James grinned fondly at the memory.
"Don't you play also?" I asked, whilst the image of Suzi fucking and sucking black guys was etched on my mind.
"I like to watch!" He smiled, looking me directly in the eye "I have no objection whatsoever to you fucking her as long as I get too watch!"
"James if Suzi is up for it, I'd absolutely love to fuck her!" I said as though it was the most normal thing in the world.
James winked assuringly and took a long drag on his cigarette.
"Wait till you see the dress she is going to wear tonight. That should tell you everything!" He smiled, tapping the side of his nose in a knowing way.
"If you have videos and photos you should share the wealth!" I grinned.
"I have a few pics on my phone which I could show you!" He said excitedly "But I've left the fucking thing inside!"
"I'll text you my email address if you ever feel the desire to share them!" I giggled.
"For too long now we've ended up with the wrong type, but I think you could be a good fit. Suzi likes you!" James declared "Let's go back inside"
I followed James back inside the flat, closing the terrace door behind me. We walked in the entertainment room and James poured us a drink. Settling the drinks on the bar counter, I climbed on a high bar stool awaiting the arrival of Suzi, who was presently upstairs getting ready.
James nodded toward the open door as a lithe long leg with a black high heeled shoe, moved up and down the door frame like a stripper about to enter. Suzi's leg was incredibly long and gave the impression that she was naked, there was so much leg on display. Her legged kicked high then hid behind the frame. Suzi popped her head around the frame with her shoulder bare. I was now convinced that she was naked. Suzi smiled a sexy naughty smile then stood in the door frame.
Tonight Suzi was wearing the tightest black mini dress which had panels cut out all the way from the hem right up to her side boob, displaying her sexy flesh wonderfully. The dress was skin-tight, and Suzi wasn't wearing any underwear, which would prove eventful as the dress barely covered her ass cheeks. Her huge firm breasts were thrusting forward, with her erect nipples stretching the tight dress even more so. The dress clung to every sexy curve of her dynamic body. I was mesmerised at the vision before me, staring at the serrated gaps, knowing her shaved pussy was literally millimetres away from being revealed. The tightness of the dress showed just how small and narrow her waist actually was, making her bust look bigger than ever and her narrow waist look minuscule.
"Fucking WOW!" I exclaimed "I'm taking pics of this!"
Suzi smiled and adopted a pose as I took out my iPhone and began to click away. The exposed panels were showing a side boob view of her wonderful breasts, the slender curve of her hips and thigh, and you could just make out the start of her smooth shaved mound. I must have clicked at least a dozen pics when James piped up.
"Give me your phone and I'll take a few of you together!"
I handed James my phone and stood next to Suzi. I placed my arm around her minuscule waist as she edged closer to me, pushing her right breast into my chest. James clicked away contentedly as my fingertips ran up down her side, feeling her warm exposed flesh. Suzi giggled enjoying the gentle stroking and the effect she was having on me. She grabbed my hand and headed over to a bar stool. As she walked the hem of dress sidled up her thighs, displaying the lower part of her ass cheeks.
I was too close to get a good view, but I saw James' eyes light up as his wife climbed on the barstool. Her shaved pussy somehow remained hidden from view, as she half turned her body on the stool pulling me closer to her. She pulled my head toward her and gave me a gentle open mouthed kiss.
James continued clicking away as the tip of Suzi's tongue glided inside my lips, sending a sexual charge right through me. My own tongue licked the tip of Suzi's tongue and ran gently across her full lips. She broke our kiss and moved her mouth to my ear. Whispering gently her warm breath aroused my ear.
"That was very nice!" she said, the tip of her tongue softly moving around my ear.
Turning to James she looked into the lens of the iPhone and smiled.
"Even I would fuck me in this dress!"
James and I laughed at her comment, but couldn't argue with the sentiment.
James handed me my phone back and went back behind the bar. For the next thirty minutes or so, the conversation was laden with innuendo as Suzi cock-teased James and I with her words, her body and the magnificent revealing dress. I said I would need to go to the terrace to have a cigarette as Suzi was sending me wild with desire. Jokingly I looked into her eyes and smiled.
"Could I use your back door!" Emphasising the obvious innuendo.
Suzi smiled a very sexy smile and retorted.
"Of course you can use my back door! Anytime you want!" she said giving me a saucy wink "Come on I'll join you!"
"You may need something warm on as it is getting chilly out there!" I said showing my concern.
"It should prove wonderful for my nipples!" Suzi giggled "Besides if I get cold, I'm sure you'll warm me up!"
Licking her lips suggestively, she gave me another saucy wink and began to climb down off the barstool. James was behind the bar and couldn't see his wife climb off the stool as her tight short dress rode up, revealing the most delightful smooth slit i'd ever seen. Suzi stepped away from the stool and didn't smooth her dress down, as she walked out of the door and headed to the terrace. James saw the lower cheeks of Suzi's ass as she walked sexily out of the room. James gave me a wink as I followed Suzi on to the terrace. The night air had a little chill, but not so much to be uncomfortable. True to her word her nipples stiffened with the change of temperature. I took a cigarette from the box, placing it to my lips, and lit the tip, drawing in a long drag of tobacco smoke. As I placed the lighter back in my pocket, I looked at Suzi to see that her shaved slit was still evident. Suzi stepped closer toward me and placed her arms around my waist, hugging me for warmth. Her huge firm breasts were pressed against my chest and I could feel the flesh of her erect nipples brushing across my chest as she moved. She tilted her head up to mine and sensually grazed her full lips across mine, running the tip of her tongue along my lips then inside my mouth. Once again her lips went to my ear as she breathed her warm breath sultrily into my aroused aural cavity.
"You and James have been having a nice conversation I take!" she breathed "Everything he said stands. If you would like to get intimate we can, but be aware that James loves to watch!"
Her lips grazed mine once more as she gave a gentle moan. My left hand smoothed down the front of her dress, tweaking her right nipple gently then moving down toward her shaved mound. My fingertips brushed the soft smooth flesh of her shaved mound, sliding into her tight slit. Her tongue plunged deeper into my mouth as she moaned sensually. Her hips gently rocked as my index finger began to slide inside her slit. The flesh of her hot tight pussylips made contact with my finger as it eased its way inside her tight slut pussy. I flicked my cigarette out of my right hand and began to squeeze her large left breast.
"We shouldn't waste this out here!" Suzi smiled "James will be very interested to watch this!"
Suzi's right hand softly stroked the ever expanding bulge in my jeans as her eyes widened.
"It's going to be so good to eventually get this inside me!" She smiled giving my hard cock a nice tight squeeze.
I twitched my cock for effect, seeing Suzi's eyebrows raise with delight.
"Just to let you know, James sometimes likes to hear how is wife is being fucked be the bull and how much of a slut she is!" Suzi grinned "I actually quite like it also!"
Suzi stepped back into their flat as I joined her and closed the terrace door.
"You can fuck all of my holes and whatever you want to me!" she smiled then kissed me gently.
I raised the hem of her minuscule dress stopping just before her navel.
"You can walk back in like that!" I smiled, looking at her firm fabulous buttocks.
Suzi smiled back at me and began to sway her naked hips sexily as she strolled back in to the entertainment room. James was still behind the bar, when he looked at Suzi making her grand slut entrance. The smile on his face widened as his cheeks began to flush with arousal, as he saw her naked shaved pussy in full view.
"I'm just going to give your hot slut wife my hard cock and a few loads of my spunk!" I grinned "I'm sure your slut wife will enjoy herself!"
I could see both James and Suzi visibly squirm with pleasure at my words.
"Why don't you come this side of the bar and Suzi and I will mix you a cocktail!" I smiled, emphasising the word cock!
James walked around the other side of the bar and took a barstool.
Suzi walked behind the bar with the hem of her dress above her hips. I smiled at James and walked behind the bar standing directly behind Suzi. Suzi place both hands on the bar, bending slightly with her back arched her firm large breasts thrusting forward and her naked perfect ass sticking upward, just enough for me to see her smooth slit glistening with her wetness. Her legs were slightly apart as I unzipped my cock, holding at the base as I rubbed the swollen head up and down her inviting slot. Suzi moaned as my cock nudged her slit open, almost kissing her smooth pussylips. I looked at James whose face was even more flushed. James looked in to Suzi's half closed lust filled eyes as I slid my cock inside his slut wife. Suzi moaned. As my hard cock filled her unfaithful pussy.
"Fuck me!" She moaned softly as I began to slowly slide my cock in and out of her tight wet pussy.
Suzi moved her tits out of the top of the dress, her huge firm breasts waiting to be cupped and stroked. Her dress was now little more than a belt, scrunched up around her slender waist. Her ass backed on to my cock as she slowly gyrated her hips. I slid my hands up her stomach and cupped her huge breasts, gently caressing the nipples. I looked at James' face as he grinned watching his hot wife being fucked and having her perfect breasts fondled right before his eyes.
"Take your hot wife's dress off her body!" I instructed.
James obediently leant forward and eased the sexy dress over Suzi's head, leaving her naked except for her high heels. I winked at James as he held the dress tightly.
"For a slut that has had so much cock, her cunt is so tight and fuckable!" I grinned arrogantly "I'm hoping her ass is as good when I fuck her in the ass later!"
Suzi moaned and squirmed with sexual arousal, whereas James' face became more flushed, which I took as a sign of outright arousal.
"Stroke your husbands cock while I fuck your tight slut pussy!" I snarled, as I slammed my cock deep inside Suzi.
Suzi eased up and placed he hand over the bar counter as James moved forward with his cock poking out of his trousers. He placed the head of his cock in Suzi's hand as she began to stroke him slowly. James shuddered as her fingers gripped his shaft, stroking the length slowly.
"You'll have to come into a tissue. You're not coming in her mouth or anywhere on her body!" I stated masterfully "You're not soiling my goods!" I continued.
Suzi squirmed and groaned at my alpha male display, stroking her husbands cock, which was now blue steel hard. I witnessed James eyes roll with sexual pleasure as his wife stroked his cock whilst being fucked and the cutting words I'd spoken.
Suzi began thrashing on my cock as her orgasm was almost within reach. I continued to slide my cock in and out of her tight undulating pussy, squeezing her magnificent breasts, for pleasure and purchase.
"You fucking love cock don't you?" I whispered at Suzi.
"Yes! I love cock!" Suzi whispered back as the panting increased "I'm coming!" She finished as her breathing increased in tempo as her orgasm flushed through her entire being. Her pussy was so magnificent, I could feel the oscillating movements of her inner pussy exciting my invading cock.
"Before you come James, pick up my phone and take a few pics of me fucking your wife!" I said as though this was an everyday occurrence.
James picked up the phone and began to snap pictures of Suzi and I fucking. Suzi leant back offering her mouth to me, as her slithering tongue darted out, licking my lips then slipping inside my mouth. I squeezed her breasts as we faced the camera, my left hand moving on to her smooth pussy mound as my finger slid in her slit. Suzi was rotating her hips beautifully, grinding her tight pussy on my rock hard cock. My index finger rotated around her swollen clitoris as she began to pant heavily.
"Oh fuck James! This cock is wonderful!" she panted as James continued taking pics.
"You guys look so hot together!" James said with a tremor in his voice.
"Oh fuck I'm coming again!" Suzi panted as she writhed around on my cock, moaning and panting her way through her powerful orgasm.
I waited for her orgasm to subside and her breathing to almost return to normal. Suzi was a sensational fuck and one very hot slut wife! Still rotating her hips and grinding on my cock, I spoke up.
"It's about time you sucked my cock so your husband can watch his cheating slut wife with someone else cock in her mouth!" I said in a stern voice.
James groaned loudly and Suzi squirmed sexually and subserviently said.
"You can do anything you want to me!"
James looked open mouthed as his wife withdrew my cock from her airtight pussy and knelt before me. Holding my cock with her left hand, showing her wedding ring finger around my shaft as she placed the tip of my cock on her full lips. Opening her mouth, her lips enveloped my cock and slid slowly down my entire length. Her eyes were looking into her husbands as my cock filled her mouth.
"She looks good sucking my cock!" I smiled, feeling the warm sensations of her swirling tongue, slithering around the head of my cock.
Suzi was easily the greatest cocksucker I'd ever experienced. James had stopped taking photos now and was concentrating on his own sexual gratification, masturbating frenziedly watching his wife sexually devour my cock. His right hand was a blur as he stroked his cock furiously, with his tissue at the ready in his left hand.
"I'm in danger of spunking on her face!" I said through gritted teeth.
James let out a deep throaty moan as he began to unload into the tissue. With my cock still in her mouth, Suzi gave a little smile, watching her husband achieve sexual fulfilment at her unfaithfulness.
James grunted and groaned as he continued to empty his balls in to the tissue.
"Once I've spunked on your wife's face, you'll need to leave us alone as I'm going to do some really nasty things to your hot wife!" I said, feeling my own orgasm surge up my pipe.
The first splash of spunk hit the back of Suzi's throat as she opened her mouth, allowing my exploding cock to rest on her tongue, as a continuous onslaught of spicy spunk splashed into her sex hungry mouth.
James grinned at the sight of his wife, hungrily slurping the seed of another man.
My cock was beginning to deflate when Suzi gave the tip a little suck almost creating a vacuum.
Every drop of my spunk had been swallowed by Suzi as she grinned, almost tormenting her husband with the way she was licking and worshipping my cock.
"She is one hell of a dirty slut your wife!" I smiled "She'll let you know later just how dirty she was with me!"
James looked at Suzi then looked at me, cracked a smile and said.
"You two enjoy yourselves!"