A few months and several more pleasurable encounters after that first amazing threesome, Sarah fell into some living trouble when her current housemates all found different places to move out, leaving her unable to afford the rent on her own. She had noticed, in all the extra time she'd been spending at our place lately, that our apartment had a spare bedroom we'd really only been using for storage.
It was a proposition we had to think carefully about. Moving in together as a couple had meant to be the moment both Katie and I stopped dealing with housemates and sharing accommodation. We were grown adults who didn't want to worry about privacy the way we used to.
But then, if it was just Sarah, we still wouldn't have to.
The rules were established quickly. We would keep sleeping together as a trio, but with the understanding that Katie and I were going to remain the couple in the middle of that. Sarah got her own room in case she ended up bringing someone home and the freedom to date and fuck whoever she wanted, provided she did so safely.
As for everything else, we just did whatever we wanted. Whatever felt right in the moment. The apartment didn't become a nonstop nudist orgy overnight or anything, but we got pretty damn casual about our bodies and libidos pretty quickly. Naked walks from bedrooms to the bathroom were done sans towels, and coming to breakfast half dressed in mostly underwear wasn't an issue. Doors were left open for changing, washing, masturbating and even fucking, with audiences and assistance welcome. When one of us felt horny, he or she would strip down and openly flaunt their body through the apartment naked, or in lingerie, harnesses and other gear that would enhance our nakedness rather than hide it, waiting to be taking up on the implicit offer. Open displays of arousal at what we saw were encouraged and often rewarded, usually right where they happened. I got blown, got jerked off, ate pussy and fucked in the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom and both bedrooms, usually with the other girl watching from the doorway. I would watch them the same way, joining in if I was invited and touching myself to the show if I wasn't.
The things I saw in the first week alone would keep you turned on for a year. I wish I could write up every individual encounter for you, but these things take a long time to type when I always end up having to do it one-handed.
By now, we were all sleeping nude, or at least bottomless, and with an open-door policy. Generally, we started out in our own rooms. On some nights, Sarah appeared in our doorway, already aroused and lubed up for a quick threesome. On other nights, Katie decided she wanted a feminine touch for her pre-sleep fuck and slipped out of the covers to join Sarah in her room. She would give me a big kiss to let me know I was still wanted, and promised to make it up to me the next night. I would either creep out to spy on them or just jerk myself off to the unrestrained cries of pleasure resonating through the walls. It could be as fun imagining what they might be doing to each other as it was knowing for sure. Other nights, I decided I wanted to enjoy the feel of Sarah's thicker, plusher tits and ass and would leave Katie with a kiss and a promise the same way. Some nights we both went to her together after working ourselves up discussing how we wanted to fuck her. On one memorable occasion, we all met in the living room, planning the same thing, and had one of our hottest threesomes yet on the couch.
Sarah also liked to surprise us at night. She would sneak in the open door, quiet as she could, and worm her way under the covers from the bottom, climbing the legs of either Katie or I until she found cock or pussy and giving oral until we woke up.
There was something that really tickled me about the nights she would eat Katie out by my side. The noises they made woke me and my cock up too, and I would jerk myself off to Katie's pleasure. I would turn sideways and use the softness of her midriff to stimulate the tip while I worked the shaft. When I got close to finishing, I would get up on my knees and spray cum over Katie's tits and mouth while she rolled under waves of pleasure from what Sarah was doing to her cunt. The view and the feeling had no equal.
The final thing Sarah brought to our domestic love life was a passion for directing. She would sit on a chair facing our bed with her hands in her panties and tell Katie and I how to fuck, giving orders on foreplay, positions and pace. "Move that leg," she would order, "I wanna see the cock going into her!" I had a new respect for porn stars after that. The positions that give an audience the best and most explicit show aren't always the most intuitive or efficient ones for those of us actually doing the fucking. I sometimes reward Sarah for making it so hard for us by waiting until she was telling me where on or in Katie to cum, then turning around and jumping at her at the last minute and showering our would-be director with my juices. She would scream and throw her hands up as I splattered her tits, tummy and the panties she was using to get off, but it always ended in laughter.
Our group chat filled up quickly with more posed and candid shots and clips than ever before. It was almost unheard of for one of us to go out alone without a "wish you were here" couple nude from the other two being tagged to them.
Basically, I was living the dream, and I'm pretty sure the girls were too.
We had just finished a session in the kitchen on a Friday evening. Sarah had spent the whole time since we came back from our jobs teasing Katie and I by walking around in just a lacy, crotchless thong with a pearl string over the pussy. We'd gone more casual, both having had long weeks. Katie was getting around in a loose, semi-transparent nighty with nothing underneath. It was short enough that basically every movement flashed her cunt or ass. I was simply nude. Hard to beat the classics. I'd warned Sarah if she kept grinding the pearls into her lips in front of me, I would be forced to take drastic measures. I'd brandished my erection in a mock-threatening way, to her amusement. Of course, it had ended with Sarah telling me to hike Katie's nightdress up above her tits and fuck her over the kitchen counter while she masturbated using the pearls on a nearby chair.
I pulled out and cummed at her as a reward for all her game-playing. I splattered her thighs and lap specifically. There'd been lots of good chances to practice my aim lately. We weren't worried about that much raw cum so close to her cunt anymore. We'd all been tested and the girls both had the rod, so I was officially bareback with our threesome partner.
"You dickhead!" she laughed, looking at how much was soaking into the skimpy material. She shucked the soiled lingerie off and held it up for me. "Do you have any idea how much underwear I have to wash every week because of you and your jizz? I thought this whole clothing optional setup was meant to reduce my laundry."
She strutted off toward her laundry basket, her totally nude ass swaying appealingly as she went through the door. We'd had to get very careful about not leaving stray fluids and wet things lying around. The things you never think you'll have to deal with. She was still naked when she returned, but she was carrying two small bags.
"Hey, as thanks for taking me in, and everything else, I wanted to do something for you guys. I planned a day for us tomorrow. At the beach."
"Sounds fun," Katie said. She hadn't bothered to unbunch her little dress from above her tits. I loved how incidental her nakedness was. She could cover herself at least partly with one quick movement to shake the garment loose, but she obviously felt no reason to do so, even as both her housemates stole glances at her bare tits, pussy and wedge-shaped landing strip. "But what are the bags for."
"Gifts!" Sarah said, grinning and winking. "Your outfits for tomorrow!"