***All sexually active characters are of age, 18 years old at least, and all sexual activities are consensual. Enjoy!***
Mia Milosevic, 19, is feeling unfulfilled and unsatisfied, staring out of her bedroom window at the grey monotony, saying to her mom, Aniya Lightbody, "It's been days, and we've heard nothing. Overnight, the police were handed over everything they needed to convict him, but they still haven't found him. What a fucking coward. What a piece of shit to just run away from us, whatever he's done... I miss him..."
Aniya says in return to her daughter, "I miss him too. It's hard being in the dark like this. I don't know whether to expect to hear from him. I don't know, if we do, when we'll be allowed to see him. He's just gone. I would've assumed, because we're married, that he would trust me with whatever he's done, so we can get through it together, but what do I know? I was a shit wife to Tibor, but at least I know where he is, and what he did." She breaks into tears, crying into her hands, feeling shame wash over her as her feelings surface.
Mia continues staring out of the window, choking back tears, angry at how she feels, hearing her mom cry like this. She turns away from the window, joining her mom, putting her arms around her.
Aniya finishes her bout of crying, wiping her eyes before lowering her hands, saying, "I broke your dad's heart. I guess I know how he feels. At least I have you, Mia."
Chin wobbling like it's made of jelly, Mia expresses in reply, "I love you, Mom. I never want to be without you again."
Aniya assures her daughter, "I will always be with you, and I will always love you. They'll have to drag me away kicking and screaming if I ever get in trouble."
Mia laughs a little, letting her mom know, "Same... It would be hot being on the run with you," smiling up at the loving eyes upon her, saying more seriously, but still playful, "Totally irresponsible though, for Kisha. I would hate myself if I did anything that would force me to leave her.
"Speaking of responsibility, I've had way too much time off work with all this that went on with him. It doesn't seem real thinking back on it. I hope Tiffany can forgive me. I should apologise to Cliff as well, for not being around as often as I should while we worked together."
Aniya remembers sweetly, "I loved Risq when I was little. It has been something I love more than anything that we share that. You don't know how happy I was hearing that you were working with Cliff to arrange a gig, and, I'm pissed at Owen for getting in the way of that."
Mia snarls, "Yeah, well, he should be the one apologising," supposing, "You still love him, though?"
Aniya answers, "I love both of them. It hurts so much that I haven't been able to see your dad to tell him how sorry I am, especially now that Owen seems to have fucked off for good. I must be so fucking stupid, but, I do wish Owen would come through the door and tell me what is happening. I would believe whatever he said, just wanting to move on and be happy.
"I know you love him too?"
Mia pouts, "Even though I am so angry with him, I do. I really accepted him when I had no reason to. Not because of what we did together, but because I thought he could be a better dad to me. I thought I could make him that. He never cared at all. So selfish. Just using me to make himself feel good. Why would I love him? I don't know... but, I do..."
Aniya says, "I know what you mean. We're not exactly great when it comes to love, are we? Even having this secret affair with each other, we can't be found out, or we lose everything. Still, I can't help but risk it. What about you?"
Mia smiles broadly, "Pretty much the same... Fuck... What is it about what you can't have that makes you want it?"
Aniya corrects the teen, "Shouldn't, not can't, but, yeah," kissing her daughter hotly on the lips; her affection returned.
Over the next few days, Mia apologises for her recent absences from work to her employer, Miss Tiffany Bright, 24, who understands the reason why, offering forgiveness as she resumes her tutelage of the teen. Upon them is a grand gig they've been setting up with rock star, Cliff Reverie. Flying out first class to the arena in the tropics, the girls join Cliff as his guests along with their families and friends, gathering in the interests of a common good, and the promise of good times.
The arena is nestled in the jungle, with tall trees bordering the expansive clearing filling up with the audience, with birds of paradise flocking and flitting around, and cheeky monkeys grooming and snacking as they sit on their perches. The surround is lush, vibrant, and clean, and smells suitably earthy and rich, even with the musty odours from all the bodies packing into the metal ring.
Booms and whines blast from the speaker wall behind the stage, as the musicians prepare for the evening ahead, checking everything is as it should be. On the stage, Mia sits in the wings on an unassumingly comfortable steel chair, as technicians busy themselves around her. The teen is given this special seat by Cliff Reverie, who stands on stage, front and centre behind his microphone, with his guitar strapped around his neck.
Assembled on stage is a special sight, with Cliff's band, Risq, in the centre, and flanking them, joining them on this special occasion, are: Encino Voss and his band, Uberkill, Nrage, and Once More Unto; all on stage together as one if they are one band. Never in her dreams would Mia think she would see this, especially like this. It's like something out of her wildest fantasies.
In unison, the rhythm guitarists fill the tropical air with power chords, blasting waves of sound around the world, streamed via satellite to all in a simulcast. Rousing energy pulses around the arena, and beyond it, birds scatter into flight to escape the boom, and the monkeys cackle and howl.
Cliff looks around, drinking in the screams of nature, welcoming it's call in response to their playing, as he steps up to his microphone to sing, "Heartaches, heartbreaks, cleave my heart in two. I know, by now, what I had to do. No second chances to go back, on all the empty words and the broken glass. What good would forgiveness bring if I cannot bring you back?"
Encino Voss takes his turn to sing, "Heartaches, heartbreaks, doing nothing like a fool. Just cry, don't try, for this there is no tool. Standing with our friends unto the end, watching it all turn brown. What to depend, thrown in at the deep-end, only way is down."
Nrage sensation, Vin De La Rousse, steps up to rap, "Everybody put your hands up in the air, make it look like you care. Are you scared? I'm not all there. You see what you wanna see, omit from your minds what is hard, staring at you on every street corner, through every window, from every tree and every woodland burrow, from the mountains to the beach, to the open ocean's reach; it's dark. Don't tell me you're afraid of the dark with the lights that glow, bringing the light of day to hours burning the midnight oil, as you toil, digging deep into the soil below. Never giving the light of day to what you banish for comfort, vanishing beneath a blanket, wrapped up in all your troubles, every week everything doubles and piles up, and every problem you brush aside gets everyone riled up, but you don't stop, barrelling down the rails at a million miles, feigning adoration behind the waxwork smiles, just wishing upon a star, it'll all disappear but it hasn't thus far."
Samson Gallow from Uberkill steps up next, singing, "Heartaches, heartbreaks, stomping my skull on the roadside. Save face, disgrace, battle-scarred all over the inside. Ready, set it, all seemed such fun, nothing prepared us to run this marathon. What did we promise each other that was worth all the pain to come?"
The one and only Victoria Simm of Once More Unto fame takes over with her vocals, "Don't act so surprised that your heart aches inside. Don't act so shocked that your heart breaks in twine. You dug your grave and made your own bed, now it's time to face the music and feel the dread. What you would give won't matter when I take you for everything."
The lead guitarists of the bands takes turns to let their fingers flurry wailing licks and catchy motifs, expressing their passion for making music as they take hold of the moment, accompanying each other, taking over when inspiration strikes, harmoniously competing to see who can rock harder in front of the world with orgasmic orations through dirty distortion.
Unified, the five vocalists all sing, "No takebacks. No backtracks. No looking back behind, on what we've done, been and gone, backs to the road ahead. The ground beneath our feet is long since gone, climbing this mountain up to the sun, but our fingers are numb and cold, not sure we've the strength to hold on.
"We didn't start alone, even though it seems, left in the dust chasing dreams. Reach out a hand, you may find, we're not too distant given all things. We're each a whole world up in the stars, making our marks in each other's skies, if only we open our eyes and our minds.
"Heartaches, heartbreaks, giving my heart ground in grains of sand, falling through an hourglass, marking the time we have to share our hopes and dreams, so fleeting, each a mosaic of broken things.
"Heartaches, heartbreaks, giving my heart ground in grains of sand, falling through an hourglass, marking the time we have to share our hopes and dreams, so fleeting, each a mosaic of broken things."
The five bands play together a selection of each of their most popular songs, sharing passion and verve for each other's works, seeming so natural to hear but also special being unlike any of the records. For Mia, she is taken on a journey through her life: through school, through college, through being bullied, through crushes, through the stress of looking after her dad everyday, through remembering the ache of the bruises he would leave her with, and the shame that followed. The ensemble's music emotes heavily in her mind with the heavy drums, deep bass, distorted guitars, and the range of vocals, from melodic, to angelic, to growling and screams, to quiet and smooth, to the fast ripcord bursts of rapping.
The rollercoaster of rock comes to a close, and after a moment to bow to the crowd, and share a hug with the other musicians, leaving his guitar with one of the technicians, Cliff bounds across to the teen awaiting at stage-side, wanting to know, "Enjoy it?"
Buzzing with energy from the hours of rock, Mia smiles and replies, "I loved it," being picked up to her feet and pulled in for a kiss on the mouth. Being this intimate with Cliff, especially in public, hits the teen with shock, not knowing what to think or do as she blushes hard, nervous of everyone around.
Cliff notices the embarrassment, asking, "Are you okay?"
Mia leans away slightly, looking around as everyone hurries around to pack up the equipment now that the show is concluded, no-one being aware, nor seeming to care, about what they're doing, so she replies, "I'm good," kissing Cliff back, questioning, "What is this? What are we doing?"
Cliff invites the teen, "Let's get off stage to somewhere a little more private," guiding her down some steps to the jungle, opening up to her amidst the seclusion of some bushes, "You gave me a lot to think about since we first met, Mia. I had to figure out my feelings. I wanted to write a song for you to be played here, but I kept coming back to feelings I still have for my first wife. Heartaches, heartbreaks, to me was putting those feelings for her out there. Those feelings will always be a part of me: regrets, longing, wanting some sort of reconciliation that will never come. That wasn't fair to my feelings for you, but I wanted to dig down and get to those. Now it's done, I feel like I can move on with you."
Mia probes, "You saying you didn't move on with your other wives?"
Cliff confesses, "I was running away from my feelings, for so many years. I never had the courage to face it at all, until I saw you, and, you don't really look like her, but you have something similar about your ways and expression that sent me back all those years ago with her. Suddenly, I had to stop running.
"You were working less over the last few weeks, and I thought maybe I was pushing you away. I thought being around me was hurting you, or something; I wasn't sure, but it wouldn't be the first time."
Mia assures Cliff, "No, it wasn't anything like that. Just personal troubles."
Cliff enquires, "Guy troubles?"
Coyly, Mia replies, "Maybe?"
Breathing a laugh, Cliff says, "If I'm being presumptuous wanting to be with you, then stop me. I don't want to get in the way of anything."
Mia tells Cliff, "Nothing to get in the way of. I'm all yours."
Cliff delights in telling the teen, "I'm glad you came today, because it wouldn't have meant the same to me without you here."
Mia suggests, "Ready to move on with me, then?"
Cliff shares an idea of his own, "How about I meet your friends? We can get to moving on later," making Mia laugh cheekily as the couple make their way through the arena.
The old rocker and the young teen find Aniya, at the barricades at the front of the crowd nearest the stage, along with: Tiffany and Craig, 23, and Pleasant and Frankie, 27 and 24. The young teen's mother whoops, giving her daughter a hug. She hesitates in awe as she hugs the rock star, telling him, "I used to listen to you as a teenager. You made me feel young again just now. I'm Mia's mom, Aniya... Aniya Lightbody... I love you!"
Mia looks away embarrassedly, held closely by Cliff as he charms her mom, "You look so young! I would think you're sisters with Mia."
Aniya swoons, "Flattery will get you everywhere; and, I mean everywhere."
Mia jealously says, "He's already with me, so..."
Aniya flaunts, "I'm very close with Mia. I don't mind sharing?"
Overwhelmed, Cliff replies, "Golly, That is an enticing offer, but I don't know..."
Mia interrupts the rock star to express, "We are close," staring intently into his eyes.
Cliff gives his answer, "Maybe later," turning his attention to Tiffany to celebrate, "I've still got it; on-stage and off."
Tiffany erupts with excitement, "That was amazing, and, the stream looked good with engagement as well!"
Frankie giggles and hugs with Tiffany giddily, "That was so much fun!"
Looking cool and calm with an arm around each other, Pleasant and Craig stand behind their dates, with Pleasant saying to Mia, "Speaking of fun, your mom has too much energy for a woman her age."
Aniya answers back, "A woman my age? The cheek!"
Pleasant offers, "I might have some work for you if you're interested. Ask Mia sometime."
Frankie adds to her wife's sentiment, "Mmm, a hot mommy is always good," still giggling with Tiffany as she checks out Aniya's slim body.
Aniya answers bemused, "Okay," fidgeting with Cliff's shirt.
Mia tells her mom, "I'll explain later. You need a hobby."
Cliff leads the ensemble back to the resort's hotel lounge, enjoying drinks, and the buffet, with them to excess. Tiffany downs a pair of pints in each hand, burping, with Pleasant commenting, "Charming." Tiffany giggles with Frankie, handed by her another pint as they indulge thirstily together.
The lounge opens out to a pool area, with Tiffany and Frankie stripping down to their lingerie to plunge into the pool, splashing each other. The wetter they get, the less their underwear conceals their bare bodies, baring all to all in the vicinity.
Against her better judgment, giving in to the childish playfulness of her wife, Pleasant strips off and joins them, turning to Aniya and Mia to invite them, "Come on in. Water is so refreshing, mmm," closing her eyes and laying back to float buoyantly, relaxing her body to all-encompassing bliss.
Both nervous, and cutely shy with each other, Mia and her mom strip down to their bra and knickers, not dressed for the water, but feel emboldened rather than embarrassed as they note how the water soaks and reveals the other women's figures so fully, feeling at liberty to flaunt and frolic freely.
Cliff enjoys how the scene is playing out in front of him, coerced to say, "What the hell, I'm in too," stripping down to his briefs, lowering himself into the pool. The water quickly soaks the fabric of his underwear, clinging to him thickly, impressing the shape of his manhood on show below the surface, much to the girls' delight.
Tiffany turns to Craig, pleading with him, "Come on, join us?"
Craig refuses, "Nuh-uh, nope. Not for me thanks."
Frankie purrs, "Mmm, Craig. Stop being such a baby and get that body of yours in here. We really want you to."
Craig stubbornly refuses, "No. Still, no. Someone's gotta stay with the clothes."
Cliff says to the young man, "Don't worry about that. If they disappear, I'll get everyone new ones brought to us. You got a pool of hot women here. Get your feet wet."
Tiffany giggles, "We want more than his feet. Come on, Craig? What're you afraid of? You can stand in this to just above your waist. Nothing is going to happen," holding out her hand to her boyfriend.
Craig looks really nervous, giving in to his girlfriend as he gets undressed to his boxers, sitting on the side of the pool to dip his legs in. He sits for a moment, taking a few breaths, then slides himself in slowly, wading over to the others, looking impressed at his physique whilst he looks unimpressed.
Tiffany splashes her boyfriend with both hands, drenching his face as he stands there pouting. She giggles playfully, suddenly stopping to shout, "Shark!" Craig twists his body startled, seeing there was obviously nothing there, with Tiffany and Frankie howling with laughter.
Pleasant approaches Craig, ruffling his hair with her hand as she pets him, saying, "How adorable? Scared of the water. It's just a big bath. Relax."
Craig mopes, "Just don't like swimming."
Frankie explains to her husband, and reminding her brother, "Only because when we were kids, mom and dad took us to the beach on holiday and scared him out in the sea. Even when we went to the swimming baths after that, he wouldn't go in, just sitting in the hot tub with the bubbles."
Craig admits, "Yeah, well, I guess this isn't bad."
Cliff comes up from behind Craig, looking around him at his crotch, saying, "Not bad? You're the full package, you, aren't ya?," patting him on the back, congratulating him, "Well done!" Craig can't help but feel better, prompting Cliff to add, "That put a smile on ya."
A member of the hotel's staff approaches the poolside, asking all, "We must insist you exit the pool until you dress in proper bathing suit or swimwear. This is inappropriate to the other guests."
Cliff concedes, "Of course, how silly of us. We just got swept up in the moment. Could you bring us some towels, and we'll get right out?"
Tiffany and Frankie flop about in the water in hysterical laughter whilst the hotel staff bring each a bath towel to modestly conceal themselves as they step out of the pool, covering up as they resume sitting at the poolside in their former seats. The hotel staff graciously leaves the group with a, "Thank you."
Cliff recalls, "Been a long time since I got told off in a hotel."
Risq's drummer, Adam Blaine Jr, approaches the poolside with Victoria Simm under his arm, enquiring of Cliff, "Getting in trouble again, are we, Cliff?"
Cliff shrugs, "Me and your dad used to do far worse."
Adam winks, "I'm sure."
Victoria purrs, "Mmm, I used to love reading about your antics, and catching the vids on the news showing the damage you all caused. What got me into music in the first place."
Cliff asks the young vocalist, "Not the same nowadays, is it?"
Victoria laughs knowingly, enjoying the warmth of Adam's arm, and Aniya tells the young drummer, "You're very talented like your dad was."
Adam coyly deflects the compliment, "Nah, Dad was extremely talented. He wasn't afraid to try new things and push himself to find new ways to play. I just try to bring that energy to the band as best I can."
Victoria whispers something into Adam's ear, and announces, "Enjoy the pool. We're gonna get smashed."
As the young couple walk off, Cliff remarks, "That won't last long... No, I shouldn't be a cynic, but it is what it is," looking distant.
Mia cuddles up to Cliff, who looks into her face with confusion, as she asks, "Something wrong?"
Cliff quickly says, "Nah, just being a fool. You know."
Aniya cuddles up to Cliff's other side, asking, "I bet you two would like to be alone."
Cliff settles back on the lounger, staring distantly through the high skylight above the pool, seeing the blue sky and the soft white bloom of the sun; it's god-rays filter down. Mia leans into view above him, bringing a smile to his face as he asks with surprise, "Eleanor?"
Mia watches Cliff's eyes close, seeming peaceful. She shakes him softly with her hand on his chest, asking, "Cliff?" Not getting a response, she feels a cold sensation bleed into her hand, asking again louder, "Cliff?"
Aniya lowers her ear to his mouth, and sits back up, holding her fingers in front of his nose, shouting, "Help? We need an ambulance!"
Hotel staff rush to Cliff, with one taking Aniya's place to perform chest compressions on him, whilst others herd a growing crowd surrounding the scene. During this time, Mia sits with Cliff, with a horrible sense of what is happening. He called her by his first wife's name. He's never done that before. Why would he do that?
The crowd surrounding Cliff gets bigger, with the hotel staff trying as best they can to keep them back, with cameras flashing to capture the event as it unfolds. Cliff's bandmates gather, along with the members of the other bands from the show. Aniya ushers Tiffany, Craig, Frankie, and Pleasant back, giving Cliff space as he is tended to, with Mia at his side to bring him comfort.
Paramedics arrive in time, and they carefully carry Cliff down to the flat floor before beginning CPR from scratch. Despite their efforts, eventually, Cliff's fate is made clear. The paramedics assure Mia that there is nothing anyone can do to revive him; that he is gone now. Deep down, the teen is not sorry nor sad, even with tears in her eyes, knowing he must be where he wants to be, with who he wants to be with. He is at peace.
News circulates following the concert, and the world of celebrity celebrates one of it's enduring stars, controversial at times, but resolute in his convictions, with his final performance a fitting tribute to his life, and his intent to bring the world together in harmony coming to pass, albeit not in the way he expected. Cliff Reverie will be missed, but his work will last lifetimes.
Cliff's controversy continues as Mia has been summoned by his solicitor due to his passing, along with Tiffany, his ex-wives, and his son and daughters, to hear his last will and testament, that: "I, the undersigned, pledge all future royalties to Miss Tiffany Bright, of Cummings Enterprises International, so that the world may heal in my absence, and I trust her judgment as to how best to fulfil that obligation.
"As for whatever exists of my current fortune and estates, I leave all to Miss Mia Milosevic. I want only the best for you, and hope what I leave you will bring that. I have enjoyed our time together, and hope it wasn't too brief, but it truly feels as if I have lived a lifetime with you. I cherish that, and hope you do too.
"Signed, Mr Cliff Reverie."
As Mia hears the reading come to it's close, a silence fills the room that makes her feel uneasy, feeling the eyes of Cliff's former families drill into her with fierce stares, and soon after, take their leave, as his son can be heard spitting, "Should've known better than to expect anything from him anyway."
Outside the solicitor's office, raised voices can be heard as the ex-wives and offspring clash with their words, venting their grief and disappointment that they don't get what they think they each deserve. Tiffany shields Mia with her arm around her protege's shoulder as they take their leave of the office, hurrying through the lobby past the petulant cacophony.
Sitting in Tiffany's car with her, Mia seems shaken by what she heard, with Tiffany telling the teen, "I wouldn't worry about it. Families are hard sometimes. All that is their business. What you had with Cliff was your business; it's nothing to do with them. I know from working with him that he loved you a great deal, though it was a short time. He always asked about you with me, and the way he looked when we talked about you was like the best thing. He could light up the room with that smile, and those eyes. It was sweet how he felt about you. Probably wanted that for a long time. You deserve what he left you, because he loved you. He didn't love them. Don't let them get to you. Get into any trouble, tell me, and I will sort it out."
Mia thinks about when she met Cliff, and asks Tiffany, "Want to get some dinner? I know a good restaurant."
Tiffany giggles, "Sure, I would love to."
In the days that follow, Mia is feeling unfulfilled and unsatisfied, keeping her time with Cliff fresh in her mind, feeling the imprint of his love on her soul. Desperate to feel anything else, the teen finds her way to Cross Town, feeling the EDM pulse through her as she winds her way through the crowd on the dancefloor.
As the young teen dances without a care in the world, she feels a tap on her arm, turning to see an old friend, Daisy May, 25. A million thoughts race through Mia's mind, and her heart feels as if it's being crushed in this woman's presence, as Daisy leans in to her ear to say, "Hey, we really miss you, you know? Want to join us for a drink?"
Mia bluntly replies, "No, I don't think so."
Daisy sees the hurt in Mia's eyes, asking, "What's wrong?"
Mia swallows the saliva built up in her mouth, and her pride with it, telling her, "Just been through a lot. Don't really wanna talk about it. I'm just here to dance, let it all out, and see what happens."
Daisy informs the teen, "I saw you on the news, with Cliff Reverie. I know how much he meant to you. I'm sorry."
Mia looks Daisy in the eyes, bitterly saying, "Whatever."
Daisy reads the teen's lips, licking her own as she wants to taste them, letting the teen know, "We still think about you. Any time you feel like you want to be with any of us, we will be happy to have you. You will always have a place with us." She nods, retreating into the ocean of dancers surrounding them, leaving Mia standing there in the middle of the dancefloor, feeling herself get hot and upset. The young teen makes her way to the bar to get herself a drink of anything sweet and strong that will wash the taste in her throat away.
Whilst at the bar, a young man next to her comments on Mia's choice of drink, "You've done this before."
Mia takes note of the young man beside her, responding curtly, "Not really." She takes her drink, chugging it down as she stares fixedly at the young man, emptying the glass and slamming it down.
Watching as she wipes her mouth, the young man laughs, "Woah! You are so hot doing that."
Mia bluntly asks, "Wanna get out of here?"
Gulping, suddenly nervous, the young man gives his answer, "Um... well, uh... Okay..."
Grabbing the clammy hand of the young man, Mia marches out of the club, guiding him to a nearby hotel. She checks them into a room for the night, and takes him there.
Rushing to get them both naked, Mia strips herself and the young man, as the young man nervously says, "Hey, slow down. What's the rush?"
Mia feigns a smile, enquiring, "First time?"
The young man hastily answers, "No," but feels uncomfortable as Mia's gaze sees right through him, admitting, "Okay, yes."
Mia mockingly says, "Nothing to be scared of. It's going to feel nice," backing the young man up to the bed. The young man lays down, with Mia mounting the bed to straddle him, rubbing her body for him, but he has little reaction. Impatiently, she asks, "Don't find me attractive?"
Flustered, the young man huffs, "I do. I really do. I just take a little while to get myself ready."
Mia probes, "Ever wanked yourself off?"
The young man blushes, whining, "No... I feel really ashamed. I'm sorry. You deserve better."
Mia leans over the young man, rubbing her belly on his as her hand rests on his chest, and she coos, "Don't worry. We need that blood from your face to go other places." As she plays with the young man's body, her hands wander, and she feels something press against her clit to her surprise, "Oh! That's what we are looking for."
Still nervous as he stiffens, the young man asks, "Is it big enough? I don't know. It feels nice, but I hope it's good enough."
Mia strokes the young man's hair, telling him, "It feels just fine. You just enjoy yourself and let me do all the work."
The young man considerately asks, "You sure? You don't need me to do anything?"
Mia assures him, "I'm getting everything I need right now." Reaching a hand between her legs, she guides the stubby penis inside her pussy, rolling herself back and forth on his lap. She finds how he feels inside satisfying enough, rubbing her g-spot as she hugs him with wanting.
Closing her eyes, this man feels sweet and adorable beneath her, content to allow her to do as she pleases; a refreshing change from most of her partners who have their way with her. She searches her mind for her recollection of being with Cliff, coming back to the tenderness she felt with him. He was the most considerate partner she has been with, yearning to have that again, but, this isn't it.
Remarkably, however, the young man beneath her isn't finished yet, as Mia opens her eyes to stare down at his face as she rides harder and faster. She pants, squarely fixing on his soft, round features, himself panting with a pleading wonderment twinkling in his eyes.
Beginning to work up a sweat, Mia drips warm droplets all over the young man, spraying a fine mist as she exhales heavily, straining as she strives to feel him shoot everything he has into her. Getting a little tired, Mia sits down hard on the young man's crotch, cream squeezing from her slit as she whimpers briefly, squinting hard.
Spurned on to make the most of this, Mia sits as tall as she can on the young man's penis, swirling her hips as wide as she can. She squeezes her boobs and brushes her hair, moaning as she pleads in her mind to find the end. In mere moments, she feels the young penis spurting it's semen plentifully inside of her, making her shudder as she collects herself.
With laboured breath, the young man expresses, "Wow! That was really good."
Mia dismounts the young man, grabbing her clothes, disappearing into the bathroom to get dressed.
The young man waits outside, asking her, "Was that good for you?"
Mia soon emerges, hastily heading for the door, stating, "It doesn't mean anything. We don't even know each other's names."
The young man answers, "It's..."
Mia interrupts with her hand on the door handle, "No. Don't. That wasn't an invitation," rushing to leave the room and the young man behind.
Hurrying home, the young teen finds herself horny as she curls up in bed. She grabs her smartphone and opens up her mom's livestream, biting her lip as she gives in to her naughtiness as she enjoys herself.
Aniya naturally flaunts her figure flirtatiously, effortlessly emanating eroticism through her exhibitionism. Running her hand up and down her body, catching on her cute crop top, and kinking the waistband of her knickers as she sits perched on her knees atop the bed. Her eyes seductively stare into the camera, feeding desperation from all the dirty fuckers watching her immaturely teasing her mature frame.
Feeling so free, the tips pour in for Aniya, announcing adoration for the motherly model, eager to see more. Decidedly dirty-minded, dancing as she does, the fabric clinging to the sultry skin slowly peels, stripping the layers of her modesty to expose what very few have ever enjoyed in private. She relishes the reactions from the voyeur's vouching as her vagina vibrates with tributes to her interactive vibrator.
Losing herself in the waves of pleasure pulsating within her pussy, Aniya whimpers, moans, whines, and groans; a chorus of lust resonating deep within, resounding reinforcement of the dirty desires of her veiled voyeurs. Content, the mother craves no rush to conclusion, eager and willing to sit her and be awash with the cacophonous pings and whirs basking her in heavenly delight.
On the mother's maiden debut, the immediacy of her popularity is a warm blanket, filling Aniya's mind with daydreams of gangbangs and orgies, even imagining her daughter with her, bringing a devilish grin, if anyone ever knew of her presence in her mind during these moments. She even stares into the camera hoping to catch the young teen's eye, keeping close to her chest the comfort brought by thoughts of her caress making her chest fizzle and pop with anticipation like a cool, carbonated drink.
Baptised, bathed in the studio lights, Aniya feels herself as a young teen, invigorated by the bounteous offerings bathing her body in beads of sweat, rubbed back into her skin by her wandering hands, gliding effortlessly over every curve. Breath heavy, her heart palpitates as her pussy constricts, clenching the vibrator, making the sensations harder and deeper around her crotch as she can't help but let go...
Rubbing her clitoris frantically, Aniya thoroughly flushes out the fullness of her orgasm, feeling empty, but the emptiness buzzing with the continuing stimulation of the toy, settling her in to continuing endurance. Taking a sip of water from a nearby bottle, the mature model refreshes herself for the rest of her stream time, far from finished.
Tired, and with soaked pyjamas, Mia puts her smartphone on standby, reaching to put it on charge before settling back onto the bed, losing herself in thought. A teenager's bedroom is a lonely place. No matter how she tries, even with the best of intentions, with her wants and longings, she always ends up back here. Heavy eyes close, as her heaviness drifts, wishing for someone to reach out and hold her in her bed. Is that too much to ask?