I groaned my frustration as my wife pulled her well lubricated fingers out of my burning, tingling ass. At least her other slippery hand continued to stroke my dick, slowing but not pausing. I heard the cap on the Astroglide snap open and I knew she was lubing up a dildo as a replacement for her fingers in my now nicely stretched anus. She ran her hand over my hot, well spanked bottom before placing the tip of the dildo against my now relaxed sphincter.
I was lying face down, stretched out across the bed with my hips on a couple of pillows. She was sitting between my spread legs. She had made me move from my previous position over her lap to this position after giving me a thorough spanking of several hundred swats with various paddles and straps alternating with caresses from her soft hands whenever I started to buck too much for her to hold onto me. Then when I'd relaxed and melted back down over her lap, she'd started in again with a different paddle or strap until my ass was a stinging, flaming, bright crimson. She had placed a couple of nipple clamps on my now awakened and sensitive nipples before having me lie across the towel covered pillows.
As she pushed the head of the realistic dildo into me she said, "You know, you ought to get Jim to do this."
I hissed in momentary pain that immediately blossomed into exquisite pleasure as the dildo slid past my prostate and was slowly but firmly buried deep into my ass. Lightning bolts of pleasure ran between my nipples and my groin.
"What?" I moaned. "Why would I do that?" I was too distracted by the wonderful feelings that had been set off when the pleasure went into overdrive as she withdrew the dong and thrust it firmly back into my bowels.
"AH, AH, AH, Ahhh." I cried in response to her double stroking, one hand driving the dildo, the other gripping my hard dick in a tight slippery grip.
She paused and I groaned again.
"Well, I enjoy giving you pleasure this way, but Jim would get some real sexual pleasure out of it instead of just the more cerebral enjoyment I get from making you feel good. And I've already told you I wouldn't be jealous of you playing with a man the way I would if you ever screwed around with a woman. I know you'd never run off with a man."
I wished she'd just drop this subject and let me concentrate on what she was doing! Selfish? Hell yeah! But this wasn't the time to try to make me follow a conversation! Especially one like this!
"And I've told you, I'm not interested in men that way!" I nearly yelled.
"Well, I'll bet he would enjoy it."
"Not now, for god's sake! I can't think with what you are doing! Please!"
She giggled. "Please what?" She pushed the dong back in but instead of pulling it back, she left it buried deep and unmoving.
"Please get on with it and fuck me! Please, please!
"Oh, OK." She started sawing that length of rubber into and out of me and she renewed her stroking with the other hand. Bolts of joy shot from deep within me to all parts of my body. My toes curled tight. All thought vanished and I started moaning uncontrollably, trembling from head to toe. "Oh god! Oh god! OhgodohgodohgodohgodohgodOHGOD... AAAHHHHHHHhhhhhh!" I thrust against the penetrant pleasure as I came thunderously in giant spasms from head to toe, blood roaring in my ears and stars and galaxies bursting in my head as blast after blast of gooey semen sprayed out onto her hand and the towel.
She slowed and eased her stroking as my orgasm ground down, finally just holding me firmly in her now doubly slick hand, the dildo buried deep within me. I let out a giant 'whoosh' of breath and collapsed across the pillows.
"You don't think Jim would enjoy that? Of course he wouldn't have to use this dildo." Then softly, "Now that is something I'd really like to see."
She slowly slid the dong out of my ass and then gently released my rapidly softening dick. "Yeah, I'd really like to see that." She repeated.
I just lay there and didn't say anything, too blown away to respond. Besides, what could I say?
Jim and his wife, Celia, are very good friends of Debra's and mine. We had originally met them when we were members of a nudist resort but at that time we had just been acquaintances, just casually socializing with them along with everyone else. Then Debra and I had bought our place out here in the country and between the fact that we had so much privacy that we could run around naked to our heart's content right at home and the need to spend time doing a lot of work around the place to get it to match our mental picture of what it should be, we dropped our resort membership.
We did miss the nude socializing, though. And no, there wasn't any hanky panky at the resort. Most resorts are family affairs, just without the encumbrance of clothing. Overt sexual acts in public areas almost invariably result in involuntarily terminated memberships. Do your own research if you don't believe me.
So, a couple of years later Debra ran into Celia in the small town near our home while they were both grocery shopping. It may seem funny, but it actually took them a few minutes to realize how they knew each other since they had never seen each other in a stitch of clothing. It was good for a mutual laugh. Nudists occasionally do for real get the opportunity to say "Oh, I didn't recognize you with your clothes on!"
It turned out that they had also just recently bought their little slice of country heaven and had also dropped their resort membership for many of the same reasons we had. And to our further mutual amazement, the property they had bought was about half a mile over the river, and through the woods, well, over the small creek actually, or about 2 miles by road from our place. We both had most of our acreage in woods and the properties actually touched each other. They had just as much privacy at their place as we did at ours, part of the reason for our mutual selections.
We had ATVs-they had ATVs. Visits, both through the woods by ATV after some judicious trailblazing and by road in cars were a foregone conclusion. Come as you really are dinners with soaks in our hot tub or their hot tub were also inevitable. Nudists appreciate hot tubs for socialization at a much higher percentage than the general textile population, and you'll have to trust me on this, but you'd be amazed at how quickly nude becomes normal and non-erotic.
Guys, you'll just have to take my word for it, erections are exceedingly rare at nude resorts. By the time you get over being too nervous to raise the flag pole on the first visit, skin is no big deal and the pole is content to just remain supine. Don't expect to see supermodel bodies, either. Take a look around your local grocery store and imagine the customers and staff nude and that would be a good cross section of what to expect. Ages tend to be slightly older than the general population simply because it takes most people a while to mature enough to say, "To hell with it; I don't give a tinker's damn what Miss. Grundy thinks!" and actually try it. But there are enough exceptions to keep things interesting.
Usually the guy talks the woman into trying it for a lark, but he would likely become bored with it in a year or two when it doesn't match his pre trip fantasies. But it turns out to be a really huge revelation to the woman, a place where she can with absolutely perfect safety go and run naked in a public setting with no risk of unwanted advances. Emancipating!
There is swimming, hot tubbing, hiking, volleyball, horseshoes, lawn bowling, softball, boating, fishing, camping, pot luck dinners, and even church services and live concerts depending on the particular resort and all without any more of a wardrobe than a towel to sit upon. Some even have libraries, though ours didn't have more than a couple of shelves for book exchange.
So it usually turns out to be the woman who keeps them going back. Most resorts insist on a reasonable gender balance or the women would not feel comfortable enough to stay because the place would be inundated with single males, so married or otherwise established heterosexual couples tend to be the rule at most resorts.
But I digress. Enough with the education. Back to our tale.
So Jim and Celia and Debra and I became close friends rather than mere acquaintances. In fact we really hit it off. Jim has a great sense of humor and is fun to be around and he and I often help each other with various projects around our respective properties while Deb and Celia do their own things or help us as needed. Jim and I also go fishing and camping together on occasion, sometimes in the mountains or at the coast and sometimes travelling no further than the creek in the woods between our houses to set up tents and build a fire. The women occasionally join us on these outings but prefer to sleep with real walls between them and the wildlife.
Dinners and cook outs at one place or the other are common events. We occasionally visit some nudist resort or other together, too. Clothing is entirely dictated by weather, safety, or textile social convention and is entirely optional at either of our places. We mostly don't bother with it, though we also do some things away from home or resort where convention does require clothing.
I know some of you are wondering, so yes, Celia is a very attractive woman and if we hadn't been married to our respective spouses, I would never have skipped an opportunity to bed her. But it really isn't any different in kind or degree from socializing entirely in normal clothing, though I don't have to wonder what she looks like under her clothes. Just the usual idle thoughts any guy has when evaluating a woman. Actually some clothing is more provocative or erotic than none. It is human nature to want a peek at what you can't see, but when you can see it all, the mystery is gone.
But enough of that. I'll just say Celia is brunette, pretty but not a knock out, slightly plump, zaftig, I'd call it, you know, plump in just the right places and amounts; you'd never under any circumstances mistake her for a boy. She doesn't feel the need to shave her pubic hair, has a zillion volt smile, and a wonderful sense of humor. One slightly unusual thing; her inner lips always protrude through the outer ones.
Caught you looking, didn't I?
Celia doesn't come close to Debra in the beauty department in my opinion, but I admit that I may be prejudiced. Deb is a coppery redhead with nicely shaped B cup breasts, considerably smaller than Celia's, but she has an ass that is positively heart stopping. Mmm. Highly kissable! Her natural scent causes me to drop one wing and run in tiny circles, crowing all the while. Catching a whiff of her natural scent during hot sweaty sex sends zingers from my nose straight to my crotch. Her scent isn't strong and it tends to be fleeting, only noticeable when she is excited, nervous or hot and it doesn't hang around long, but boy is it wonderful, sort of peppery and completely erotic! Other men notice the scent, too. I've witnessed it for myself so I know it's not just me. It is hilarious to watch a man try to position himself where her scent drifts toward him and breathe deeply once he's gotten a whiff! I understand the need completely. Needless to say, I asked her not to use antiperspirants and she mostly doesn't. She never, ever uses fragrances, doesn't need to. If I was a chemist and could capture and reproduce it, I'd be a billionaire.
Since her hair is red I talked her into leaving her armpits unshaved. It isn't very long or thick there and its paler color in that location tends not to make it highly visible but; oh...does it hold in that wonderful scent and make me snort and paw the ground! She doesn't shave the red carpet either. Why would any redhead want to shave it? It is the first thing a horny guy wonders about them. Is it red all over? You betcha! She has a bit of an exhibitionistic streak, too. She doesn't trim it much so when she is in an ordinary bathing suit little sprigs of curly reds sometimes escape out the sides. They sparkle in the sun, too. I'm quite sure she has caused more than one hardon when we are at non-nude beaches. She clearly understands the advantages of being a redhead. Oh, and she has green eyes, too. And when she smiles it is like the warm sun coming out on a cool cloudy day.
But none of that bears on our story, either. So let's try to get back to it, again. All that nudity without any sex. So let's get to some sex, already.
Ok, neither Debra nor I are very vanilla in our sex lives. We've experimented with lots of the kinkier aspects of sex in our relationship. We've tried the usual things most married couples eventually get to and some less usual things as well. I won't go through the list so I don't wander too far off the tale again except to say that one thing I made certain of before our relationship went too far was that Debra knew I liked to be spanked.
Deb wasn't really into it at the time and doesn't want to be spanked, but has always been quite willing to spank me when I want it.
She had even discovered an enhancement for me. Near the end of one of our all day multiple spanking sessions, way back not too long after we'd gotten together and after we had done spanky play enough times that we were both comfortable with playing, Deb had introduced a new twist. After getting my ass positively blazing and applying some nipple clamps, she lubed up her fingers and slid them into my ass to massage my prostate and ended it with a well lubed handjob that totally blew me away. I was a babbling idiot! I still remember it as the biggest, best orgasm I have ever had.
So we started playing with butt plugs.
That led to a strap on. She wasn't interested in having plugs or dildos in her behind but we had other toys I used on her. We usually did a spanking session once a month or so but on no particular schedule. I'd just let her know I was in the mood and she'd happily oblige me. Sometimes we'd use a butt plug, sometimes a dildo, sometimes a strap-on and sometimes we'd just screw our brains out afterwards. There was no set scenario.
Sometimes it would be one spanking session. Other times it was all day foreplay, where she would stop and spank and tease me for a few minutes several times during the day while we were actually mostly concentrating on doing other tasks. Then when all the other stuff was done, we'd have a very happy ending of one sort or another.
I should perhaps also mention that one time she asked me to wear some naughty black lingerie, garter belt, seamed stockings, black bra and panties for my spanking and, though I'd had some reservations, I had done it. She had worn a similar outfit, and we had cuddled and pretended that I was a woman while I went down on her between bun warming trips across her lap.
I had such a deliciously naughty good time that I'd initiated wearing it on a couple of other occasions. We had pretended that she had caught me playing in her underwear drawer and made me put it on and then spanked me on one occasion and on the other that she had come home and caught me wearing it and spanked me and fucked me with the strap-on. Great fun! While I was still wearing it after I'd come, I had buried my nose in her red carpet and licked and sucked her to so many orgasms that she'd finally pushed me away and just fallen asleep, exhausted.
Our sex life was good, fun, and uninhibited. We'd never really discussed sex with Jim and Celia, though. Nudists as a general rule don't, probably because they can't hide behind their clothes.
So, where were we? Oh, right. Deb had just told me she'd like to see Jim spank me and fuck my heterosexual ass while she was pulling a dildo out of me after an amazing orgasm.
So, to back up just a bit from that, while Debra had me over her lap with my tail shining redly but before she had the fingers and the dildo in my ass or mentioned wanting to watch Jim do absofuckinglutely gay things to me, she told me she had gotten together earlier in the day with Celia for wine and a hot tub soak while Jim and I were doing some pre-winter maintenance on the ATVs and our lawnmowers.
Debra had noticed that Celia's bottom was red and mottled. She asked Celia about it and Celia had gigglingly admitted that Jim had spanked her not too long before Debra had come over. Debra then found out that Jim liked to spank Celia and fuck her ass from behind, bumping against her well reddened buns. Celia didn't mind letting him do it but, beyond the enjoyment he got from it, didn't otherwise care much for it. She wasn't really into spanking and while anal sex was fun and OK with her, it didn't make her see stars or anything.
So that brings us up to date with Debra telling me that I should get Jim to spank and fuck me. Fat chance!
After that, nothing more had been said until a few weeks later when I suggested that Debra should find an excuse to turn me over her knee. During the spanking that ensued, she took the opportunity to remind me of Jim's predilection for spanking and suggested again that I should get him to spank me. She also reminded me that while she would kill me if she ever caught me screwing around with a woman, it wouldn't bother her in the least if I played with men because she knew I wouldn't ever leave her for a man. She reiterated that she would love to see it and hinted without saying so directly that she thought Celia might like to see it, too.
So, of course I told her I would never leave her for anyone at all and reminded her that I was not the least bit sexually interested in men. But I'll admit that I had been looking at Jim in a slightly different light and that the knowledge had aroused a bump of curiosity. I'd have loved to see him spank and screw Celia's backside! But I never said anything to Jim to let him know that I knew he occasionally spanked and assfucked her. Our friendship remained unchanged.
Debra didn't mention anything about it over the next three or four months, even though we did do four or five spanking sessions ourselves.
Lest this give you the idea that spanking was a big part of our sex lives, I should mention that we generally had sex two to four times a week, and occasionally more. Varied sex, too. She liked to be tied up and ravished-I'd blindfold her and cut her clothing off. Her old clothing never got thrown away, just destroyed. I loved, dearly loved, to eat her out. Hot oil massages, hot tub sex (gotta do that up on the edge and before I get too warmed up to be able to perform, though), sex under the stars, or even the closest star, the one named Sol, at high noon for that matter. Our favorite time has always been afternoon delight and outdoor sex is good!
But then once again during a spanking session she said that poor Celia's bottom was getting a lot of wear and suggested that I should offer to stand in for her sometime.
I reminded her yet agaaiiinnnn that I wasn't sexually interested in Jim or any other man. She told me she couldn't see where it would make any difference since I would be face down across the lap for the spanking and couldn't see who was doing it or the difference in her using a strap-on vs. Jim using his natural equipment from behind where, again, I wouldn't see who it was. I made no further comment. I know when I can't win.
OK, so I admit that I secretly thought about it and wasn't totally turned off by the idea. I might have even fantasized a little bit about it during our next couple of spanking sessions, which I initiated within that same month, sooner and more often than is usual. But she didn't mention it again. I did ask her to use the strap-on, though. I usually leave the choice of endings to her discretion since I'm just happy that she is willing to do it, but these times I wanted to think about it and secretly try to work out in my head whether it might work, hence the strap-on. But I didn't mention that and I finally decided I just wasn't interested enough to make it worth the risks to our friendship. Sex was good with Debra and guys just didn't interest me, so why bother.
Then one day she offered a spanking out of the blue, something that had never happened before...I'd always had to ask. I should have suspected that something was up! Once I was across her lap she had given me a good warm up session, spanking me thoroughly and well using her hand and the light ruler I especially like for the warm-up. Then, after a rest while she softly caressed my barely warm buns most sensuously, she started in a bit heavier than she usually did at this point, until she had me squirming and trying to buck off her lap. Hard spanking, Whew! Normally I can take a lot, but it takes some time to work up to it. This time she just went for it right out of the gate. Owwwwch!
She stopped and started the soft wonderful caresses again, this time going deep into the crack and teasing without actually touching my sensitive anus. As she teased but denied the pleasure of an actual touch she said that Celia also had a hot bottom today and had complained that Jim had spanked her a bit harder and longer than she wished. She grabbed my free hand, pulling it behind my back, and leaned onto me and said "I'm going to do the same for you."
OK, fine with me. She usually let me, or rather my squirming, dictate the spanking and though I often asked her to push my limits a bit harder, she was always a bit leery of really hurting me despite my reminders that she couldn't really harm me with the toys we used. I don't care for thick heavy, thudding, bruising paddles so we don't have any-ours are all of the thin, light variety or are leather toys. Consequently, though I often could still feel the tingle as much as a couple of days later, there was seldom anything visible after more than a few hours. Don't get me wrong, the spankings were always hot and made me horny as hell, but I definitely wouldn't consider them any kind of punishment, even the ones that were ostensibly supposed to be.
Not this time, though! She really lit in going straight to the paddles that that were usually only used after I was well and very thoroughly warmed up and the endorphins were flowing. She held on to me while I bucked and begged her to stop, but continued on long beyond what I found the slightest bit erotic. She quoted my words back to me, "They can't really harm you, you know", as she applied smack after stinging smack to what I thought must be my definitely blistered behind.
She finally pushed me off her lap and said, "There, is that what you've been wanting me to do?"
"Well, yeah, I guess so. But you might have warned me."
"What do you mean? I did warn you that I was going to give you a spanking, didn't I?"
"Umm...yeah. Ouch! I guess you did."
She got up and spread a towel over the bed and told me to lie face down on it as she pulled a bottle of lotion out of the nightstand.
I did a graceful belly flop onto the bed as I heard her snap the cap and squirt a healthy dollop of the lotion out of the bottle. Her hands were cool and soft on my burning buns as she started working the lotion over the reddened areas of my butt and upper thighs. I sighed and melted into the mattress. Finally she added more lotion and started working her fingers into the crack of my ass. I thrust it back and opened my legs a bit to give her more access and she took advantage of that, teasing the little pucker without actually trying to enter it. Finally I raised my butt higher to give her a hint but she stingingly slapped my lotion slicked butt and said "Raise up some more so I can get a pillow under you."
I got to my knees and she picked up the towel, put a pillow down and put the towel back down across it before giving me a push forwards, causing me to fall over it.
She applied more lotion to my butt, squeezing a dollop straight from the bottle onto my ready anus. But she didn't touch it. She just started rubbing lotion all over my ass cheeks and upper thighs again, finally working a hand down past my balls and under me. She caressed my steel hard erection while I humped her hand as hard as I could, seeking my release. The spanking that had been considerably less than fun a few minutes ago now had my whole body a bundle, a veritable powerhouse, of sexual electricity.
She pulled my dick downward between my legs and pushed me back onto my stomach, caressing me slowly, oh so slowly with her lotion slick hand. The other thumb probed and then slid effortlessly into me. I thrust back at her, trying to get more, more! She withdrew the thumb and slid, first two, then three fingers deep into me, gently stretching me. She withdrew them almost entirely and added the last finger as she slid it back in. I heard someone moaning and realized it was me. I found I couldn't stop.
Curving her fingers down she alternately massaged my prostate and pushed her hand in to firmly stretch me all the while she slowly, too slowly, stroked my frantic cock.
"Ohhh...Please." I begged.
She bent down and said, "You really should get Jim to do this and give poor Celia's ass a rest. You know you want to feel Jim's cock doing this," as she slowly and deliberately stroked my prostate just a bit more firmly and pushed me over the edge of the orgasmic precipice. She kept up the massage as my body tried to ejaculate itself inside out through my spasming dick while she said softly, "Can't you just feel Jim's cock doing this to you?"
Damnit, that wasn't fair! She was absolutely right. I was curious to know what it would feel like to have Jim's dick in my ass! But I'm not gay, I love pussy. I don't fantasize about guys. Well, except for Jim's dick in my ass sometimes, apparently. Luckily I was too blown away by the orgasm I'd just experienced to have to try to sort this out verbally or even mentally for that matter.
Deb got up and went to the bathroom to wash her hands while I slowly tried to gather my shattered wits. My breathing was almost back to normal when she returned with a warm, wet towel and started gently cleaning the excess lotion off of me.
When she was done she lightly smacked my butt and said, "Well?"
"Well, what?" I mumbled, knowing and fearing the answer.
"Well, what about Jim? Don't try to deny you'd like to try it; I know better."
"Look, there is no way I'm going to risk our friendship by propositioning Jim. I'm not changing preferences and a little curiosity just isn't worth it. I really doubt Celia would be happy about it even if it did save her butt a bit, either." I said firmly, dismissing the subject from conversation. Dismissing it from conversation, but not from my mind.
Debra sighed and mumbled that she really doubted Celia would be upset, but did let it drop though I could tell by now that it would come up again. And again. Damn!
She did let it rest for the next couple of months while I, to my complete mortification, found myself fantasizing about it much more than I liked. I refrained from asking for a spanking because I just didn't want to deal with the subject again. So call me chicken. Cluck! cluck! cluck! There were some times I would've loved a tail warming, too. I just wasn't ready to deal with that subject again.
At least our love life continued unabated. The most noteworthy event was an outdoor session on the rocks at the edge of a pool at the bottom of a waterfall in a nearby state park on a slightly cool but sunny weekday very, very early in the spring. The sun was beaming into this pocket at the bottom of the falls and the spot was screened from the light breeze by being in a ravine and screened from three sides. The fourth side, where the stream ran out was screened by trees and thick underbrush so, though the air was a bit cool the sun was warm enough to more than make up for it.
We were just finishing up when I discovered that a guy had been watching us from the other side of the creek at the top of the falls, just his head sticking out over the rock lip about 25 feet up where he could look down on us. We wouldn't have known he was there, except that I caught the movement of his head silhouetted against the blue sky while Debra was sitting on my face getting me to clean her up after we had made love, so her panties wouldn't be a drippy mess on the way home.
I tapped her and signaled for her to lift and let me speak and told her he was there but couldn't get to us. So she sat back down and rode my face until I had finished cleaning our mixed juices out of her and she'd had another orgasm before she got up to get dressed. I guess he really got a show!
Well, it would take him much longer to work his way back across the creek and out than it would for us to get back to the car and be gone. We dressed and I waved at him across the stream as we climbed out of the ravine but he didn't wave back. I was a bit miffed about that-I thought we deserved a round of applause! We laughed like naughty school children and Debra's nipples stayed tight and crinkly all the way home. Clothing was strewn from the car to the entrance and we were screwing like rabbits again on the carpet just inside the still open door!
But before this though, one Monday a couple of weeks after the big spanking and our non-discussion of Jim, and well...me, Debra came home and announced that in order to get some CEUs for her license; she was enrolled in a four day seminar on a subject unrelated to her particular job but in which she was really interested, in a tourist destination city about four road hours away and it would be paid by her employer. We checked my calendar and found that though I'd be off for the final two days, I would not be able to take time off to go on the first or second days because of coverage issues. So we decided I should just skip it since she would be tied up all day and I just didn't want to go sightseeing without her anyway. There were projects around the house that I could do or I could find some way to entertain myself, or whatever. The trip was scheduled for about two months hence. She would ride with a couple of her coworkers who were also going.
Of course during this period we were entertaining and being entertained by Jim and Celia on a regular basis as had become an enjoyable habit over the last couple of years. I casually checked Jim out a bit more than I had before but I didn't admit to myself that I was doing it. We'd never seen each other with erections and until recently, I hadn't even thought about it. Now I wondered how big he would be when he was erect. If it caused me to get hard, it was easy to just let the hot water of the hot tub boil it away. Take it from an owner, sex in a hot tub isn't easy for a man if you've been in there awhile. The heat is sapping and it is difficult to keep enough blood pressure to get the old trouser snake to look any direction but downward, at least at the fever temperatures we preferred to keep our hot tubs.
So as the time for Debra's trip got nearer and I denied my desire for a round of spankings so I wouldn't have to deal with the Jim issues again, I found myself thinking about using some of the alone time to do a long and elaborate self spanking masturbation scenario, something I hadn't done in ages and ages. I took an opportunity one day when we were using some buzzy electric toys as well as my tongue to thoroughly wear Debra out, to completely dump the box of sex toys and review each item as I packed it back up. There was stuff that we hadn't played with for years in there and I wanted to be sure I recalled every item for my upcoming long session of self abuse.
Yeah, I was planning masturbation on an epic scale, hours and hours of self pleasuring.
Finally Deb's departure day came, and after a morning quickie to hold us over until she got back, I drove Debra to meet her ride, kissed her goodbye, gave her an extra long squeeze, reminded her that I loved her very much lest she forget, and sent her off while I headed for work. Oh, by the way, I had noticed while she was packing for the trip that she had gotten her Eroscillator out to take along. Some solitary pleasures were obviously in her future, too. I just quirked an eyebrow at her and when she grinned, I gave her a thumbs up and said, "I have plans, too. We can compare notes in bed when you get back." She was still grinning as we went out the door.
That day at work was the most miserable one I can ever remember. We were two people short due to vacations and I ended up working 14 hrs just to end up even. When I got home Deb and I talked on the phone for a couple of hours and I read her a couple of erotic stories while she put the Eroscillator to its intended purpose. I idly played with myself but was just too tired. Besides, I had decided that I'd rather save it for the next night. I loved hearing her breathing change as she got close to orgasm, though, and her cries when she came. She usually tends to be pretty noisy when she comes, something else about her that I really enjoy. I'm sure there have been some times when we are travelling that her sex music has titillated or scandalized our temporary neighbors. Well, after this orgasm she drowsily said goodnight and we both went to sleep.
At least the next day at work wasn't quite as long, if otherwise little better. Debra and I talked again after I got home but she was out with her co-workers so we kept it fairly short.
Then I got busy getting stuff ready. First I got out the hot water bottle/enema set and arranged things to give myself a thorough flushing out. Three passes with a couple of quarts each had me well cleaned out. I love the light airy feeling I get after a good enema cleansing, even if the enemas themselves are sometimes a pain in the ass, uh, cramp in the ass, if you know what I mean. But sometimes they can be pretty erotic, too. Just not that night, lots of cramps with these, so I got them over with as quickly as I reasonably could.
Then a shower and shave. Then I got out a butt plug and a couple of dildos, the medium one that Debra had used on me the time she had told me about Jim and Celia's spanking proclivities and which fits in the strap-on harness and one pretty damn big one on a suction cup base. The last time I'd had the big one in it had taken a pretty long time to get it planted, but I remembered the great feeling of stretch and fullness and wanted to try it again. I put them on the bathroom counter because when it neared time for them, I would put them in a sink full of warm water since they are so much easier to insert when warm. Especially that big monster. No way will it go in cold. The Astroglide went on the nightstand beside the bed where it would be convenient. I left the paddles that I would use in the box on the closet floor. I'd take them to the living room later because it would be easier to use them in there over the well padded arm of the sofa and where I could more easily set up the big mirror to watch myself.
Then I got out the garter set I've already mentioned and went and sat in front of the big mirror and started putting the stuff on. I watched myself as I rolled each stocking up my leg, running my hands up from the tip of my toes to the top of the stocking, all the while getting hotter and harder. I clipped them to the garter belt and checked to make sure everything was straight. I put the bra on and stuffed the cups first with socks but then because of the lumpiness, changed it to a couple of pair of Deb's black panties, cupping the bra and positioning it with both hands. I also slid on a pair of sheer black panties. They wouldn't stay on long, but, what the heck, might as well start out with them. I also put on a satiny black half slip, but though I liked the feeling of it swishing against my body, I took it back off because it detracted from the visual effect and it got in the way.
I went back to the bedroom and sat and then lay back on the bed and started running my hands over my body and the lingerie, caressing all my most sensitive spots. The panties quickly became a problem, not being able to contain my erection, so I slid them down around the stocking tops while I stroked the cause of the problem.
I had been yawning helplessly for the past 45 minutes or so and found myself sinking deeper from sensuousness towards sleep. I started to get up to get some caffeine to get me going, but decided that it would be better and more fun to just go to bed and wake up in the morning still wearing all this slinky stuff. Then I'd have all day to stretch my erotic imagination. I got up to go pee, flipped the lights off and crawled back in bed, pushing the panties down again so I could fall asleep fondling that hard/soft skinned feel good thingie hanging around down there. But I was pretty exhausted from the previous short night and just fell promptly and deeply asleep. If I dreamed, I don't remember it.
Stay tuned for part two, coming to a Literotica near you!