This is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is Part 2 of a story of a wife who thought she was happy and a husband who thought he wasn't. A husband who learned that what he said to his wife may not be the same as she heard. Hopefully, it may help some husbands to appreciate what they have and some wives to be a better women
Thursday
The next thing I remember is waking up in Sean's arms and having to go to the bathroom. I came back and snuggled next to Sean and marveled at his body and what he could do with it. As I thought about last night, I realized that this man now owned me. I knew that I wanted him to want me and would do whatever he wanted and whatever it took to make him happy. I am not a flaming feminist but I am a strong woman who has gotten ahead in male dominated profession so this should have made me angry, but it didn't. If it were anyone but Sean, I would have been scared that he would take advantage of me
Having thought all that and made peace with myself, I started to lightly run my fingers from the bottom of Sean balls, along the seam on the underside of Sean's cock to the hole at the top. As Sean's cock started to grow, it made me think of my neighbor, Constance. Constance is a petite Italian lady whose appearance makes you think of beauty and class. On our second bottle of wine by our pool at home one time, Constance asked if I enjoyed giving blow jobs and if I liked the taste of cum. After getting over the initial shock, I said, "Not particularly and I have never tasted it. Why do you ask?"
Constance said, "I love it and would rather give oral sex and swallow cum than have intercourse. Of course, being on the receiving end of oral sex is also very nice. I enjoy being able to control men make men cum quickly or prolong it depending on my mood. I love cum - the taste, smell, and consistency. Every man tastes different but they all taste good. Before Tony and I were married we were working in DC and I lived in Woodbridge, VA. I carpooled to work with three men but never had to drive. I paid my share by giving a blow job to the guy who was riding in the back seat with me -- ever workday for over two years."
Needless to say, I was stunned at the time, but now I had another hypothesis to research, so I crawled between the sleeping Sean's legs and took the head of his cock into my mouth and began to lightly lick and suck it. When I felt Sean stir, I took as much of it as I could into my mouth. When he put his hands on my head, I looked up and saw him looking at me. I continued to look him in the eyes when I took his cock out of my mouth and licked as I slid my hands up and down its length. I took his cock in my mouth and started to slide it in and out in coordination with my hands going up and down the rest of his cock. Soon he was fucking my mouth and I began to really enjoy the intimacy of what we were doing,
Sean said, "You better stop, because I can't hold back much longer."
I told him, "Don't hold back. I want you to cum."
We continued and shortly after, he said, "Get ready!"
Then I felt him start to shoot his cum in my mouth. I thought I was ready, but I could not swallow as fast and as much as he was pumping into my mouth, I had cum running down my chin. I took his cock out of my mouth to try to catch up, when another spurt hit me face. Then I lifted up so the rest went on my tits. When Sean finally stopped cumming, I spread what was on my face all over my face and what was on my chest, all over my tits.
Sean put his hands on my face and said, "That was very." Then he kissed me. I crawled up next to him and snuggled in tightly to him. I just felt so good and so naturally. I again started to rub his marvelous body. I asked him how often he shaved to keep so smooth.
He said that he didn't shave but got Brazilian waxes to remove his pubic hair. He asked, "Why, are you interested in having it done?
I replied, "I never really thought about it. Do you think I should have it done?"
He said, "Both partners being smooth, adds a whole new level of pleasure during sex, both oral and intercourse. They have a spa here in the hotel and I could make an appointment for you but you might be too sore to enjoy the rest of the trip. I will set you up at the same salon I use when we get back to Atlanta. Are you interested?"
With more than a little apprehension, I said, "Sure, I am ready for yet another new experience."
Sean said, "But if you are up for it, I have another idea that will be almost as good as a Brazilian but
we should probably get up and start getting ready for class."
I got up and reached for my robe to head back to my room.
Sean said, "We started a new chapter last night. How about if you leave your robe here and go to your room just as you are?"
I said, "You want me to go out the door and down to my room nude? What if someone saw me?"
Sean said, "I would enjoy seeing you nude in the hall and so would anyone else who saw you?"
I picked up a key card and said, "OK; let me see how this feels."
Sean opened the door and said, "Don't run. Just act like you are wearing clothes. Oh, and will you wear a skirt today?"
Sean watched me walk down the hall to my door. I was feeling a very scared but at the same time a little excited and turned on. When I got to my door, Sean closed his door and went inside. I tried to open my door and it wouldn't unlock. I realized that I must have grabbed the wrong key, so I turned back and hurried to Sean's door.
Just as I got there, the door across the hall opened and an older lady walked out. She took a double take of me standing in the hall nude and said, "Honey, you are going to catch a cold if you don't get some clothes on."
Sean must have heard me trying to open his door and talking, because he opened the door asked what was wrong.
The old lady looked at him and then at me and said, "I am sure there is an interesting story here. And honey, if you are riding that monster dangling between his legs you are my heroin. To be 30 years younger." Then she walked to the elevator.
I went into Sean's room and we burst out laughing. I couldn't believe that I was caught on my first try at going nude in public, but it actually made me more relaxed. I picked up the correct key and again walked nude to my room.
When I was ready for class, I went to Sean's room. As we walked to the elevator, I wanted to be close to him and took his arm so I could touch him. Because we were running late, we skipped breakfast in the hotel and went to the car. I stayed glued to Sean until we got to the car in the parking garage. Sean opened my door, took me in his arms, and kissed me. He broke the kiss and said, "I think I need to give you a panty check."
Sean knelt down in front of me and pulled my skirt up to my waist. He said, "I think we can do without these for the rest of the trip." He pulled my thong down to my ankles and started to kiss my pussy. When he ran his tongue over my clit, I felt my arousal go into overdrive. We were parked so that we were hidden from the security cameras but drivers of several cars that went by did see us. One driver even honked his horn. Instead of being embarrasses, being seen just added to my arousal. After what seemed a few minutes, Sean got up, leaving my skirt around my waist. I was so aroused and just got into the car with my skirt still pulled up.
At the coffee shop drive through, I started to pull my skirt down, Sean asked me not to pull it down and push it back up so my pussy was exposed. He pulled my knee so that my legs were spread apart and I was now fully exposed. I am sure that the guy handing the coffee and bagels to Sean saw my state of exposure. This was the first time that I deliberately exposed myself to a stranger. It further added to my arousal and I began to wonder how I was going to make it through the day without some relief. I was so wet that I was glad that I wore my black skirt.
When we arrived at the training venue, I had to make myself presentable because we had to show our credentials to the guard to get into the facility. Because we knew several of the other people in the class and they knew that we were married but not to each other, we had to keep from touching each other and not act like we were involved.
As I expected, it was a long day and my mind kept drifting back to sex with Sean last night and this morning. I was totally distracted and wet the entire day.
As we left the training venue, I couldn't stand it anymore and I said to Sean, "Please touch me?"
Sean said, "If you will take off your skirt and bra."
I took off my skirt and to take the bra off, I had to pull my polo shirt over my head. I was now riding in traffic fully nude. I reclined the back of my seat back, laid back and spread my legs so Sean could touch my pussy. I have no idea how he worked his magic and managed to drive through traffic to get to hotel parking garage. I was on the edge of an orgasm, when the car stopped. Sean leaned over and started kissing me, while he had his fingers in my pussy and his thumb rubbing my clit. It took no time for me to finally get some sexual relief.
Sean took my bra and skirt and said, "Let's go."
My polo shirt was long enough to reach just below my pussy and ass cheeks if I were careful. When we got to the elevator, Sean put his arm around me and started to rub my leg next to my pussy. Sean asked if I wanted to move into his room. I was getting aroused so there was no hesitation to tell him I that did.
As we were walking down the hall, Sean pulled my polo shirt up over my head so I was walking down the hall in the nude. I was afraid but at the same time starting to enjoy the risk of being in public in the nude where I could be seen by a stranger. We stopped by Sean's room, dropped off all our belongings and then went to my room to move everything to Sean's room.
It only took two trips between rooms to move everything and I could have almost forgotten that I was moving between rooms carrying suitcases in the nude. Again, I could not believe that in just a week, I changed enough to not only not mind being nude in public (although unobserved) but also to start enjoying the unencumbered feeling of being nude doing things not normally done undressed.
Sean, said, "Let's have a drink and then we need to do a little shopping to smooth you out."
While relaxing with the Irish whiskey, Sean went to his closet and took out one of his travel shirts. In his new position, he travels a great deal so he wears cargo pants and travel (tactical like) shirts that are very light weight, have sleeves that roll up with button retaining loops and lots of pockets. He gave it to me and asked what I thought about the shirt for going out tonight.
I put it on and looked in the mirror. The front and back of the shirt went about one third of the way down my thighs but the sides between the tails went above what would have been my panty line if I were wearing panties. Sean came up behind me, rolled the sleeves up and unbuttoned the bottom and the top buttons on the front of the shirt.
I looked at myself and started to get very wet thinking about being out in public dressed like this. I said to Sean, "Let's go wherever we are going before I lose my nerve or jump you right now!"
Sean took my ID so I wouldn't have to carry anything and we headed for the elevator. When the door closed, Sean leaned against the back wall of the elevator and pulled me against him. He nuzzled my neck, pulled up my shirt and with both hands started rubbing my pussy. When the bell rang and the door opened before we got to the lobby, he let my shirt drop put kept his hands on my pussy but stopped all movement. Two couples got on the elevator and looked at us but I don't believe they noticed what Sean was doing. I was slowly moving my hips against him trying to encourage him to start rubbing me again. When he did, I opened my eyes and happened to notice in the mirror of the elevator that one of the male partners was looking directly at Sean's hands. This ignited me further and I reached down and pulled my shirt up so Sean's hands and my pussy were exposed. When the elevator stopped in the hotel lobby, Sean pulled his hands away and we acted like nothing was going on.
As we were walking through the lobby with our arms around each other, Sean said, "Did you notice that the one guy was watching us in the mirror on the elevator?"
I said, "Yes. That is why I pulled my shirt up."
Sean asked, "How did you feel about it."
I said, "I can't believe I am saying this but I loved it. I really, really loved it. I wanted to take my shirt off and let him see all of me. I wanted them all to see you putting your cock in me and making me cum."
Sean said, "I believe that we are going to have a lot of fun during the rest of the trip."
Our first stop was a chain pharmacy, where Sean said he wanted to buy an electric beard trimmer, feminine shave jelly, lady razors and "Knowing" perfume and body cream. As we were going down the escalator in the store, I noticed two teenagers getting on the upside of the escalator staring at my crotch and asked Sean if he thought they could see up the shirt. Sean pulled the back of the shirt tight so the shirt tails gapped and said, "If they couldn't before, they can now."
I just spread my legs a little further apart, enjoying the high I was experiencing from being exposed in public. Sean must have caught on to my excitement because he unbuttoned another button on the bottom of the shirt so that now there were only three buttons keeping the shirt together.
While we were shopping, I squatted down, spread my legs and bent at the waist with my knees locked so that I was exposed if anyone was in a position to observe. Regardless this new-found pleasure was turning me on and making me wet.
After purchasing what we needed, we left the pharmacy to return to the hotel. Several times there were gusts of wind that picked up the shirt tails and I could feel my pussy uncovered. I don't know whether anyone saw me, but I hoped someone did.
Back in the room, we got undressed and Sean asked me to sit on the seat on the toilet and spread my legs so he could use the electric trimmer. He knelt in front of me and started to trim my pubic hair away using successively smaller guides until there was just a stubble. He had me stand up and bend over so he could trim the hair he couldn't get from the front. This was another level on intimacy that I had never had with anyone before and it added to my feelings for Sean.
Done with the electric beard trimmer. Sean had me sit on the seat in the shower and wet the lower half of my body with the removable shower head. He spread shaving gel from my navel to my thighs and gently shaved me going first with the grain of the hair and then against. When he touched my labia to make sure he was getting all the stubble, I just moaned and felt the fire burning. He had me stand up and shaved my legs. Even shaved my toes and I wondered how he knew so much about women.
After we dried each other, Sean stepped over to the toilet to urinate. It struck me that Wes very rarely used the toilet in front of me and now Sean was standing in front of me getting ready to do it. Between the arousal and shared intimacy, I had the strongest urge to hold him while he used the toilet and asked Sean if I could hold him while he was using the toilet. I put one arm around him, pressed my body against him and held his cock while he urinated in the toilet. I can't explain how natural this level of intimacy felt. It made me feel that we truly had a connection that I never even imaged existed before.
He walked me to the full-length mirror in the room and asked me what I thought and I said, "Very different but I like it and it will probably stay this way."
Sean fixed us each a Black Bush, handed me the shirt I had worn out earlier and said, "Let's go out and eat a quick meal."
I put the shirt on and buttoned only the button at my waist and the one above it. After finishing our drinks, we went down to the hotel's patio bar/restaurant. Sean picked a high table with stools that was next to the side of the hotel, so we were facing the rest of the restaurant. Facing our table was another table with a couple who appeared to be about Sean's age. We sat side by side rather than across from each other, so Sean sild behind the table and climbed on the bar stool. When I climbed on the bar stool, the shirt opened and fell to each side of my thighs, leaving me exposed from my navel down. My natural instinct was to pull the shirt together, but as I started to put my hands down, Sean took them into his and held them on the tabletop. He leaned over and whispered in my ear, "You don't want to spoil the view of your admirer, do you?"
I looked at him and said, "What admirer are you talking about?"
Sean said, "Don't look now but when you get an opportunity, take a look at the guy sitting at the table directly opposite us."
The server came and introduced herself as Molly. We ordered our usual Irish whisky and a salad. Molly came out and put our order on the table. She was getting ready to leave, when one of the napkins blew off the table. Molly turned back to the table and knelt down to pick up the napkin. I looked over the table and saw her staring directly between my legs. I spread my legs even further and asked, "Are you alright down there?"
She stood up, looked at me, and said, "Yes, just noticed something intriguing and was a little surprised."
I looked at the man sitting opposite us and saw that he too was staring between my legs. I realized that two strangers had just seen my exposed pussy and how much I was enjoying it. I leaned into Sean and put my arm around him and told him that I was getting very turned on and didn't know how much longer I could sit her without being touched.
Sean said, "If you keep your tits exposed and your legs spread, that guy's eyeballs are going to fall out of his head."
I didn't know what he meant until I looked down and saw that when I reached up to put my arm around Sean, my shirt had gapped open and both my breasts were exposed. When I looked up again, his female partner had gotten up and turned around as if to walk into the bar. She looked at me and my exposed state and then moved her stool so she was sitting next to her partner. She looked between my legs, up to my chest, into my eyes and then back at her partner. Since he was still looking at me, she must have realized what he had been looking at while they were talking to each other.
After seeing her move and look at us, I started rubbing Sean through his shorts and leaned into Sean and said, "Let's check and see who she is more interested in."
When I felt Sean getting hard and the tip of his cock nearing opening in his shorts, I looked the lady in the eyes to see where she was looking. I said to Sean, "I guess that answers that question."
I moved my hand to the bottom of Sean's shorts, quickly sliding the leg up to briefly expose the head of his cock which was almost to his knee. I saw her eyes widen and then she looked up and saw me smiling and looking her in the eyes. She quickly looked at her drink and finished what was left in her glass. She said something to her partner, got up and started to walk toward the bar.
As she passed the table, she stopped and said, "Hi, my name is Rebecca and I have to say that neither of you leave much to the imagination. I hope you don't give my husband a heart attack because you almost gave me one."
I said, "Thanks. We are away from home and are learning to enjoy letting loose. You husband looks alright except for looking a little worried since you stopped to talk."
She smiled said, "I better get the drinks then and I hope to see more of you."
Sean put some cash on the table to pay for the drinks and salads and we got up from the table to go to the room. As I was so turned on, I wanted to open the shirt completely and let it hang at my sides but wanting and doing at that point were two different things. I just unbuttoned the lower button so the shirt stayed together but gapped at the top and split at the bottom as we walked through the lobby to the elevators.
When the door closed, I turned to Sean and I put one arm around his neck and kissed him. I took his hand and pressed it against my pussy. His magic fingers had me on the verge of an orgasm when the door opened to our floor.
Going down the hall, I opened the shirt and let it hang open fully exposed. I almost hoped we would meet someone in the hall, but we didn't. When we were in the room, I pushed Sean down on the bed and told him tonight was my night. I undressed him and told him to roll over on his stomach. I got the massage oil and started to massage his back and shoulders. I told him to push his cock and balls out from underneath him so they were exposed between his legs. As I massaged his shoulders, I straddled his back and could feel my arousal lubricating wherever my pussy touched.
As I worked my way down his back, I did the same thing to him that he did to me and moved between his legs spreading them with my knees. I massaged down his left leg and up his right. When I arrived at the crack at the junction of his cheeks and legs, I lightly ran my fingers back and forth from the top of the crack to his smooth scrotum. I could see that he was hard so I kept massaging his scrotum and started to run my finger along the seam of his cock.
I asked him to roll over. When I saw how hard he was my plan to prolong the teasing went out the window because I wanted him in me. I straddled him, raised straight up on my knees and guided him into me. I took him all the way in and then started sliding back and forth so there was friction on my clit and I could feel him deep inside me. The orgasm started building and I tried to slow down but I couldn't. The orgasm hit and I felt every muscle in my body contract and start to spasm. My body was on fire again and I could hardly breathe. I finally fell limp onto Sean's chest.
Without ever taking his cock out of me, Sean rolled me over so I was on my back. He started an in and out motion, going from all the way out to impossibly deep within me. Again, I felt the most powerful need to be breed. I wrapped my legs around him and gripped his cock with my vaginal muscles. When he started shooting powerful spurt of his cum into me, I orgasmed. When I caught my breath, I was in a complete state of satisfaction and relaxation. I was again in a place I had never been with anyone else before. I fell asleep snuggled up to him, wondering if what I was feeling was love or just lust.