Disclaimer: Everyone in the story is 18 years old or older at all points. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is happenstance.
I exited the car and walked into the hotel, ignoring the girls as they called out to me. As I started across the lobby to the elevators, Felicity left one of the seats to intercept me. Gia was with her.
Great, just what I fucking need, I thought. I considered ignoring the pair and going to my room, but I knew that would cause issues.
"Looks like you survived," she glanced at the case I was carrying, "Is that the output of your work at the funeral home?" she asked with a smile.
Gia smirked, and I briefly considered punching her.
"Yeah, Pop said to give it to Chad."
"I will take care of it," Felicity said as she took the case from me and handed it to Gia. "You know what to do with this?"
Gia smiled, "Yes, mistress, it goes in the vault."
I raised my eyebrows but was ignored by both women.
Felicity nodded, and Gia walked toward the elevator bank.
"So, how did you like working for Pops?" Felicity asked, grabbing my elbow and guiding me towards the elevators.
"It was a fucking blast," I told her, sarcasm dripping from each word.
Felicity ignored the sarcasm, "That's good to know. Pop runs most of the prostitution in town and always looks for a new ass to sell. Since you had such a good time, it might make things easier later," she said with a wink.
I really need to keep my fucking mouth shut,I thought, grimacing at the prospect of really working for Pop.
Felicity chuckled as if she could read the thought going through my head. Our eyes met as she pressed the call button. I realized then how attractive she was and wondered how she could work for the fucking asshole.
The doors to an elevator opened just as we walked up and entered. Felicity pushed the button for the floor my room was on. When we arrived at my floor, Felicity guided me to my room. She inserted her keycard and opened the door to my room.
I wasn't shocked that she had a key to my room. We walked in, and I looked around. Everything seemed like I had left it, besides the dress lying on the bed.
"Go get cleaned up. No one wants to smell like a whore when they go out. It's just bad form," Felicity said as she grabbed the TV remote and plopped down in a chair to watch TV.
"Don't take too long. You only have half an hour to get ready for tonight," Felicity told me, almost like an afterthought, as I walked into the bathroom.
I took a quick, hot shower, cleaning all the filth off my body. I was drying my hair when I heard Felicity say, "You're almost out of time, Kate."
I rushed back into the bedroom, dressed only in a towel, and went to grab underwear out of my suitcase when Felicity stopped me.
"Don't bother," she told me and pointed at the dress on the bed. "Put that on and touch up your eyes."
I picked up the dress. It was cut almost to my navel, and the back was open to just above my ass. The bottom of the dress was about an inch below my ass.
Felicity saw me hesitate and wasn't happy. "Put the fucking dress on, slut. We have places to be, and you are out of time."
"I can't wear this," I told her, hoping this was some kind of joke.
"Come on, Kate. You can't tell me you never wore anything like this when you were single?"
"Never this revealing," I told her, turning it over in my hands.
"It doesn't matter. Chad wants you to look a certain way for his clients," Felicity told me, taking the dress from me. "I'm sure you can talk to him and explain how this crosses some kind of line."
"For fucks sake," I said, grabbing the dress and putting it on.
Felicity smiled and watched as I tried to cover as much of myself as possible with the tiny dress.
It only took a few minutes before I was finished dressing. Felicity handed me a pair of three-inch heels and watched as I put them on.
"You look amazing," she told me as she came up behind me, slipping her hands inside the sides of the dress and groping my breasts.
"If the guy doesn't love you in this dress, I am sure I can find something for you to do for me," Felicity told me, letting me go and slapping my ass. She handed me a small black purse as we left the room.
We walked out of the room, her hand creasing my ass on the way to the elevator.
I wanted to say something, but I felt cheap and knew if I objected, she would just tell Chad, and things would worsen.
Felicity pressed the call button for the elevator, and after a few minutes of awkward silence, the doors opened, and we stepped inside. Felicity used a card key on the security reader before pressing the button for the penthouse.
The rest of the ride to the penthouse was quiet. I had no desire to make small talk, and Felicity spent the ride on her phone. As the doors opened, Felicity motioned me out. I stepped into a lobby where a receptionist sat typing away.
"Take a seat, Kate. The receptionist will let you know when they are ready for you," Felicity said before stepping back into the elevator. I watched as the door closed, the slight banging sound they made jolting me out of my daze.
Looking around the room, I noticed about fifteen chairs scattered around the room in clusters, giving the feeling of a high-end bar more than an office waiting room. The only doors in the room were the staircase and the one behind the receptionist's desk.
Walking around, I found a seat in the corner that let me look outside at the city.
The phone rang, and the receptionist answered. She spoke briefly to the person before hanging up.
"Mr. Wilson will see you now," she told me before returning to the document she had typed.
"Great," I muttered before walking around the desk and to the door.
I hesitated at the door.
Should I knock?I thought. Unsure what Chad would want, I raised my hand to knock.
"You don't have to knock," the receptionist said behind me, correctly reading my hesitation.
I flashed her a smile before turning the handle and opening the door.
The inside of the office wasn't what I was expecting. The long walnut table, with leather high-back seats, caught me by surprise, as did one of the people sitting at the table, Alex Trembil, who works closely with my husband.
I have always thought Alex was beautiful. He was tall, over six feet, and very fit, but it was the contrast between his dark skin and bright blue eyes that took my breath away. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the frown on Chad's face as he realized I had recognized Alex.
Shit, I thought, but I quickly recovered. "I didn't know that you knew Tim Gansh," I told Chad, looking between Chad and Alex. I remember telling Rob how much like Tim, a local sports legend, Alex looked.
Chad laughed, looking at Alex, "I bet you get that a lot."
I relaxed a little, hoping that Chad had bought the lie.
For his part, Alex laughed with Chad. "You would be surprised how many honeys come up to me and ask for an autograph."
Alex turned back to me and looked me over, sending a chill up my spine when our eyes met. I could see a predator lying under the surface, and I began to doubt that Alex was on my side.
"Is she everything I promised?" Chad asked, seeming to enjoy the way Alex was looking at me.
"She is fucking amazing," Alex said, standing up and approaching me. He walked around me like I was a sculpture, running his hands lightly over my exposed skin. I shivered as his big hand touched the crack of my ass.
"She will be perfect. Are you sure she won't object to anything I want her to do?"
"She is just a big slut and will do anything you want her to do, isn't that right, Kate?"
I glanced at Chad, catching his slight frown at my delay in answering.
"I would love to make all of your fantasies come true, Sugar," I told Alex, leaning in and placing my hand on his shirt as I looked up at his face inches away from mine.
"Perfect," Alex said, cupping my ass and pulling me close for a passionate kiss.
I was out of breath when he let me go.
He walked away from me to stand by Chad. "Where do I sign?" Alex asked, picking up a document from the table.
The two men ignored me as they finished signing the contracts on the table and shook hands.
"How long is the lease?" Alex asked, glancing at me.
"She is new here and still a little rough around the edges. Have her back by Tuesday night." Chad looked at me. "I am sure she will be everything you ever dreamed of."
I got the message. I was to be the perfect slutty date for Chad's new business partner.
Alex approached me and claimed his bonus, slipping his arm around my waist and groping my ass.
"Shall we go?" He asked, pushing me toward the door by my ass.
Asshole, I thought, but I managed to keep the thought from my face as I smiled and walked toward the door.
"You kids have fun," Chad said, raising his glass to Alex as he opened the door for me, and we stepped out.
Alex kept his hand firmly on my ass until we were in the Elevator. Then, he let me go and pressed the button for the floor below the penthouse.
I was nervous and not naive enough to think we could have an honest conversation until we exited the building.
As the doors shut, Alex turned to me, "So, how long have you been a whore, Kate?" He asked, a smile playing across his face.
I figured it was part of an act, but the question still stung; some may have come out in my tone.
"I'm not a whore. I just like to have fun," I smiled, leaning into him, and put my hand on his chest.
Alex laughed, and before he could respond, the door opened. He motioned for me to go first and whistled as I exited the elevator. The dress did nothing to hide my body.
I turned slightly, "Which way?"
He stepped by me, cupping my elbow to guide me down the hall until we stopped at the door at the end of the hall. Alex opened the door and held it open, gesturing for me to enter ahead of him.
I stepped inside and stopped. The suite was huge, with a large entertaining area boasting floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking a large lake. Alex let me wander around the room while he fixed us a drink.
He came up behind me as I looked out the window, watching the people in the next building as they tolled away at their jobs.
"I thought you might want this," he told me, handing me a bourbon.
I swallowed it quickly, enjoying the burn as it slid down my throat.
He chuckled, sipping his much slower than I had.
"Want another?"
"Maybe in a little bit," I told him, returning to the window. I watched his reflection in the window as he finished his drink and came up behind me. Alex placed his hands on my waist before moving them slowly up as he traced his large fingers up my bare sides.
I shivered as the contact of his large hands on my skin sent chills up my spine.
Alex leaned in, kissing the base of my neck as I tried my best to ignore him. He slowly kissed down my neck until he reached the small shoulder strap. He continued kissing as he moved the strap off my left shoulder, letting the strap slip down my arm.
Not wanting to expose myself to the world, I crossed my arms under my breasts but said nothing as he moved to the other shoulder and repeated slipping the other strap off. Finally, he brought his hands to my shoulders, gently sliding them down until he had wrapped his arms around mine.
He paused, kissing my neck and putting his lips on my left ear. "Put your hands on the glass, Kate."
I tried to pull the straps up, but he held them tight.
I looked at his eyes reflected in the mirror and slowly pulled my arms out of the straps and put them on the window.
I was scared and very excited at the same time. Before this mess started, I had never let anyone expose me like this. I looked at the people in the other building and knew that anyone in the other building which looked over could see my nude body.
He smiled at me, "Higher. Now further apart. Perfect, don't move," he said while kissing down the middle of my back, pulling my dress down as he went. I felt the dress pull on my nipples before it popped off my breast, exposing them to anyone looking in the window.
Alex continued until he was squatting behind me, his face level with my scantly covered ass. Even though I knew it was coming, I was still surprised when he finished pulling the dress off my hips, leaving it pooled around my shoes.
"Spread your legs more. Perfect."
He locked his hands on my hips, holding me in position as I felt him bury his face between my ass checks, licking and kissing my asshole.
I shuddered, and a moan escaped my lips as he moved his hand between my legs, sawing his large fingers between my folds.
"I love your ass," I heard him mutter as he gently slipped one of his digits between my lips and inside my soaked pussy.
I moaned again as he started finger fucking me, driving me quickly toward an orgasm before he pulled his finger out and sucked it clean.
Alex pushed his hand between my legs again, inserting two fingers inside me.
This is so wrong. He works with my husband, for fuck sake, I thought as I felt his other hand in the middle of my back, pushing me towards the window.
I started to shudder, getting close to cumming, when he ripped his finger out of my folds. Alex spun me around to face him, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me in for a kiss.
Our tongues intertwined as the kiss heated up.
I felt his free hand twisting first one nipple, then the other. My moans filled the room, and I was disappointed when he broke the kiss and stepped back.
"Unzip my fly," he ordered me.
I stepped away from the window and started to undo his belt.
"Put your ass back on the window, Slut, and just unzip my fly," Alex told me.
I frowned at him, not happy with the name he called me, but did as I was told and refastened his belt. I put my ass against the cold glass, knowing how obscene it would look to anyone watching.
Alex moved closer so I could unzip his pants. I put my hand inside and fished out his semi-hard cock.
I gently stroked his dark cock, enjoying the contrast between our skins as he continued to harden. Alex had a nice cock with an oversized spongy head and prominent veins running down its length.
"Take me in your mouth."
I kissed the head before letting it slip inside my lips. I licked the head like a lollypop and pulled back until the head touched my lips. I continued teasing Alex taking a little more inside my mouth each time until I felt him hit the back of my throat.
"That's a good slut. Now take a little more for Daddy," He told me, holding my head in his massive hands as he pushed more of his cock in. Next, he started a slow in-and-out fucking of my mouth, trying to go deeper each time until he finally managed to get his entire cock down my throat.
"Fuck, you look hot with my cock buried in your throat. Keep licking it. Oh, fuck. Take your hands and put them on your ass. That's it. Now spread yourself open. Perfect."
Alex picked up his pace, fucking my face hard enough to rock my body back on the glass with each thrust into my mouth. I could feel the cold from the glass hit my asshole each time he thrust into me, slowly driving me crazy.
He started grunting, and I felt his cock enlarge, letting me know he would cum soon. A few seconds later, he pulled back so the head was in my mouth.
"I want you to keep my cum in your mouth until I tell you to swallow, slut," Alex told me, holding my head as he started shooting rope after rope of hot cum into my mouth.
He seemed to cum forever before he finished, filling my mouth. Then, finally, Alex pulled his softening cock out of my mouth and turned me around to face the widow.
"Spread your legs, Kate," Alex told me as he pushed my breasts against the cold glass.
He moved directly behind me. His body pressed against mine as he grabbed my arms and pulled them over my head. I could feel his hot cock against my ass and the inside of my thighs.
"Look at the building across from us and open your mouth. Let some cum run out of your lips and drip on your chest."
"Good girl. Open your mouth, show them the cum I put in you."
"You can swallow now, Slut."
I swallowed, shivering from the cold on the window and how Alex had used me. The second part concerned me a lot. This nightmare had steadily worsened since I got here, and I was worried that some deep dark part of me was getting off on the abuse and humiliation.
My thoughts were interrupted as a flash from the other building caught my attention. Looking at the other building, it was evident that everyone had left since almost all the lights were off.
So the flash looked like it came from one of the darkened offices.
Maybe I just imagined it, I thought.
A second later, that thought was squashed when another flash happened. The office was a little lower than the room, but someone was taking pictures of me.
"Seems like you have a fan," Alex whispered in my ear as he slid his hands down my arms and under my breasts, lifting them like an offering to the person across the street. I started to drop my hands when he stopped me.
"Stay just like I have you, Slut. Let the little pervert see what they can't have," Alex said as he rubbed my breast on the cold glass, causing my nipples to get hard.
I could feel Alex's cock start to get hard again as he slowly moved his pelvis against my ass. The head slipped between my folds, rubbing my clit with each pass as he continued to harden.
Alex kissed my neck, licking his way up to my earlobe before switching sides.
"Should we show them what you look like getting fucked by a big black cock? Let them see what you look like when you cum?"
He continued sliding his cock between my legs, and the flashes continued as the person across the street recorded him teasing me.
"What do you say, Slut? Do me to fuck you?"
The stimulation was getting to me. The rational part of my mind had given up trying to talk me out of cooperating with Alex. I could feel my ass moving back against him with every stroked of his cock as it rubbed my clit.
"Please," I whispered.
"Please, what, Slut?"
"Please fuck me," I whispered again.
He teased me more, getting me closer to cumming with each stroke.
"You want me to fuck you?" He whispered into my ear, taking my earlobe into his hot mouth.
"Yes. Fuck me."
"What does your husband think about you asking strangers to fuck you?"
"Husband?" I was scared for a second that Alex had slipped up.
I had seen enough since I got her that I knew Chad was recording everything that happened.
"Yes, husband. You have a wedding ring on, so I assume you are married," Alex told me, gently biting my earlobe.
I was relieved Alex hadn't fucked up, but the question bothered me.
"He doesn't know," I admitted, playing along.
"Are you sure," he asked, putting the head of his cock against my entrance.
"Yes!" I exclaimed, unsure if I was telling Alex to fuck me or answer his question about Rob being in the dark.
"I have wanted to fuck you since Chad sent me some pictures of you," Alex said, rubbing his hard cock against my wet opening.
"Chad sent you pictures?" I was worried who else might have seen pictures of me. However, that thought warred with the sensations of his cock hitting my engorged clit as he continued teasing me.
"Yeah, he has an entire site devoted to his little projects. He even has a VIP section where all the good stuff is."
Fucking asshole,I thought, getting angry.
It was bad enough that he was forcing me to do things, but putting this on the internet could cause issues keeping a job or getting a new one. All the hard work I had put into getting to this point had been thrown away when I realized I had lost control of my life.
Alex seemed to sense the change in my mood. "Kate, you need to put whatever shit you are thinking about out of your mind and concentrate on making me feel good. Otherwise, Chad will find out how poorly you performed and how disappointed I would be."
I looked at the reflection on his face in the window and realized he was warning me. I smiled and pushed my ass against him, shaking it slightly.
"That's a good girl," he told me, slapping my ass playfully before putting just his cock head inside my vagina.
"If you want me inside you, you are going to have to work for it," He told me, running his hands up my sides until he grabbed my large breasts, tugging my nipples upwards as he pressed them into the cold glass.
I pushed back onto his hard cock, moaning as it slid slowly inside me. I could feel it slipping deeper into me until it hit my cervix.
"Fuck you're tight," Alex whispered into my ear. He let my nipples go and grabbed my hips to drive the last inch of his magnificent cock inside me.
"Oh, shit," I moaned as he bottomed out.
Alex chuckled as he slowly pulled his cock out until just the head was inside me.
"Fuck me," I begged, wanting his cock back in me.
"I said that you would have to work for it, Slut," he said, releasing my hips and pushing on my shoulder as he forced my face against the glass, flattening my breasts.
I shuffled my feet until I could push back against him, driving his cock deep inside, setting up a slow rhythm as I slid forward until just the head of his rigid pole rested inside me before pushing it back until my ass met his pelvis.
I kept my upper body against the glass as my hips gyrated.
Alex seemed satisfied I would keep the position he put me in, removing his hands from the middle of my shoulders to my hips.
"That's it, Slut," Alex said, his hands moving up my side until they encircled my breasts, warming them with his touch before using my nipples to trace circles on the window.
I could feel myself getting closer to cumming and wanted him to cum with me. I tightened my muscles, holding his slick cock tighter as it slid in and out.
"Shit. Oh fuck." he said, letting my breasts go to grab my hips, all pretense of me fucking him gone as he drove his hard cock harder into my body.
I could feel his cock starting to swell and squeezed my mussels hard, triggering his orgasm as he buried his cock fully inside me. The jets of cum out of his cock began my orgasm, and we both moaned and shook.
To be honest, I was pretty out of it at this point. The trauma and abuse of the day, combined with a massive orgasm, had sapped my energy. The only thing holding me up was Alex's body pressed against me and his softening cock that threatened to fall out.
Alex realized that when he pulled away, and I started to slide toward the floor. He picked me up and carried me to the bathroom, sitting me in a chair while he ran a hot bath.
"You ok?" he asked, glancing over at me as he tested the water before adding the bubble bath to the water.
"Yeah, it's been a long day," I replied, holding my head as I thought about the crappy day I had endured.
"None of that now," he told me, wiping away my tears and lifting me gently, sitting me down inside the hot water. The bubbles almost overflowed before he turned off the water.
"You might have put too much in," I teased him, blowing a handful of bubbles at him.
"It's the story of my life," Alex said with a smile. "You relax while I make some calls," he said before leaving the room.
The heat of the water and the lavender smell from the bubble bath soon relaxed me. I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I know, Alex is caressing my face.
"It's a bad idea to sleep in a bathtub full of water," he told me matter-of-factly.
"It wouldn't have been the worst decision I made since I got here," I assured him, sitting up in the cooling water. I drained some of the water before turning the hot water back on.
Alex kissed my head and walked over to the oversized shower. I watched as he soaped up before rinsing the foam off his body. The water and soap running down his reminded me of how fantastic his body was.
This line of thought brought up Rob, my mind seeming to want to torture itself as a wave of guilt crashed down on me. I got mad at him for not being here to protect me and realized I wasn't being fair to him, which made the guilt worse.
After several minutes of thought, I finally came to a decision. Rob wasn't here. I had no idea when he would show up, which meant I would have to figure my way out. I glanced over at Alex. He had turned his face upwards, rinsing his hair. The fact he was here gave me some hope, but I wasn't under any illusions that his presence meant I could just walk away.
Fuck it,I thought as I climbed out of the tub and walked over to the open shower. I admired Alex's ass before I pressed against his back, wrapping my arms around his massive chest.
"Someone is feeling better," Alex said as he rinsed his face.
"I'm just here to make you happy," I told him, knowing that was what Chad would want to hear.
I realized as the thought went through my head that it was a hollow excuse. I wanted this.
I slid my hands down the front of his body, across his tight stomach, until I grasped his soft cock, stroking it as the water cascaded down our bodies.
Alex finished rinsing off and turned to face me. He pushed me against the shower wall and kissed me while holding my hands above my head. I could feel his cock harden as the kiss became more intense. Finally, Alex broke the kiss and pulled back a little to look into my eyes.
"I would love to continue this, but we have a reservation for dinner that I don't want to miss," he said, kissing me again before stepping back and releasing me.
"Why don't you get ready?" He asked, stepping out of the shower and heading into the main room.
I watched his ass as he walked out of view, shaking my head at the thoughts going through my head.
Focus, I told myself as I dried my hair and got ready.
It wasn't as fast as Alex wanted, but we were waiting on the elevator heading to the lobby in less than an hour.
"I'm assuming that you are staying in the hotel?" Alex asked, adjusting his cuffs.
I raised my eyebrows at him.
"I know that Chad likes to keep his.... Ahh, friends close to him when they are in town," he replied.
I turned red, "Yeah."
"Great, we will be stopping there for a few minutes on our way out," Alex said, smiling at my discomfort.
The elevator opened, and we entered. I looked at Alex and pressed the floor button where my room was. The ride down was quiet, both of us lost in our thoughts.
Once on the floor, it was a short trip to my room. I opened the door and gestured for Alex to enter.
"Remove all of your jewelry," he told me, not bothering to look at me while he walked around the room.
I quietly did as he asked, putting all the jewelry in the bag he handed me.
"Rings, too," he told me, looking at my wedding ring. Alex smiled, seeming to understand what he was asking.
I had not taken that ring off for anything since Rob put it on my finger. I struggled for a few seconds before slipping it off my finger.
He took all the jewelry and put it into the safe, locking them inside.
I looked at the safe, then back at him. He replied to the question on my face.
"I don't want to be reminded of your other life. This way, everything you have on will be something I gave you," he told me with a shrug, his eyes darting quickly to the phone before returning to me.
"Let's go, we have dinner reservations, and I don't want to miss them," Alex told me, guiding me towards the door with his hand possessively on my lower back.
Neither of us spoke as we rode the elevator to the lobby and crossed to the valet stand. I could feel the stares from everyone we passed burning my skin. Most men, and surprisingly many women, were openly leering at me. That bothered me a little, dressed like I was, but what really hurt was the handful of people who looked at me like dogshit.
"Ignore the prudes," Alex advised, sensing a change in my demeanor.
"It's easy for you," I commented while waiting for Alex's car.
He laughed and pulled me close, cupping my ass as he kissed me.
To say I was surprised when his car was brought around would be an understatement. Alex had a white Bugatti Centodici!
I stood beside the car, touching the car and wishing I had my phone to take a selfie. But, unfortunately, that thought led to a dark place and reminded me how slutty I looked in the outfit I had on.
He saw my expression and chuckled as he held the door open for me to enter. As I was sitting down, I noticed a man staring equally at my legs and the car. A woman standing next to him was scowling at me.
I am such a bitch, I thought as I spread my legs and gave him an excellent view of my legs and bare crotch. I kept my legs apart for a few seconds, exposed to this stranger, until I was sure I was getting more attention than the car. I laughed as the woman hit him and walked away. My last sight of him as the door shut was him chasing after the woman, begging for forgiveness.
"That was mean," Alex said, sliding into the driver's seat.
I shrugged and looked out the window as we pulled out of the hotel and started down the road.
As we drove away, I marveled at how the car handled as Alex weaved in and out of traffic. I have wanted one of these cars since we saw them at the car show. Rob and I had a blast checking out all the expensive cars.
Thinking about the car show and how life had been normal added to my depression.
Where the fuck are you, Rob? I thought as I felt tears forming.
Alex noticed my silence, and the expression reflected in the window. He pulled something out of his pocket and pressed a button on it. I heard a loud high pitched sound before the car got very quiet.
He noticed my glance at the device in his hand. "It's a wide-field jammer. Nothing said in the car right now is being recorded. This privacy won't last long, Kate. So if you have any questions, now is the time."
Several questions popped into my head, but what surprised me was the first one I asked, "Where the fuck is Rob!"
"The agency has been compromised. Rob is working on getting you out of this mess. Right now, we have identified most of the bad actors. My original plan was to take you away from here tonight, but things changed earlier today."
I noticed the look on his face. "What aren't you telling me?"
"A few people on our protection list and their protection detail have gone missing."
"Who," I asked, afraid of the answer.
"One of your cousins and the babysitter."
"Which cousin?"
"Lisa," he said, looking out his window.
Shit, I thought. Lisa was the only first cousin I had. Her mother had died a few years ago from cancer, and ever since then, I had taken more of a big sister role. She was in her first semester in college,
Cora had just turned eighteen a few weeks ago and was a senior in high school. I had watched her grow up, living next door to Rob and me. She had been an excellent fit for a sitter when Denna was born.
"How did you lose them?" I asked, still trying to understand how the agency lost people.
Alex looked at me, and I could see the worry on his face. "We think both females broke protocol and made contact with their friends. Both safe houses were hit at the same time. They cut the surveillance feeds immediately, so we don't have a lot of details."
More leverage for Chad.
I began to wonder if there was any way of stopping him.
"What about Denna? My mom?" I hesitated to ask, worried about the answer.
"As of the last check-in, she was still secure, as is your mother."
I felt some of the tension leave my body at his answer. At least some of them were safe.
Maybe Lisa and Cora had escaped, I thought.
"We only have a few minutes left before getting to the restaurant. Anything else you want to know?"
"Why did you come instead of Rob?"
"Your friends know Rob, and there was concern that you would give him away. You know me, but no one else does."
"So you volunteered?"
"With everything else going on, I was the only one Rob trusted to do this."
"I'm sure you jumped at the chance," I mumbled, looking away.
"Oh, don't get me wrong, Kate, I'm no boy scout. I've wanted to fuck you since I saw you the first time. I hadn't done it before because of my respect for Rob. So when this opportunity came up, I jumped on it."
"Does Rob know that the reason you volunteered was to fuck me?"
He looked at me and smiled. "Rob is a smart guy. I'm positive he knew what would happen when he agreed to send me."
He glanced up as the light changed, "Sorry, Kate, we are out of time."
The conversation ended as we pulled into the valet parking at an upscale French restaurant.
When the valet opened my door, I grinned as he did a double take at my outfit.
He recovered quickly and offered me his hand. I took it and got out of the car without flashing anyone.
Alex walked around, collected me from the valet, and guided me up the stairs and into the restaurant, his hand possessively on the small of my back.
The doorman opened the door for us, dipping his head at me.
We waited a minute while the Maître d' helped the couple before us. When they walked away, Alex moved to the stand.
"How may I help you, Monsieur?" he asked, giving me a disapproving look.
Alex handed him a card, and the man's attitude completely changed toward Alex.
"Oh, we have been expecting you, Monsieur!" He turned and motioned a thin blonde woman over. She was young, maybe nineteen, and other than having wide hips, was very petite. Her black uniform looked more like an elegant maid outfit, including a skirt that barely covered her ass.
"Elissa will take care of you this evening."
Elissa smiled and picked up a set of menus. "Please follow me, Monsieur. Madame."
I started to follow Elissa when Alex stopped, "Hold on a second." Alex walked back to the Maître d'. The conversation they had was too quiet for Elissa or me to follow. I noticed that Alex handed the man some money.
"Elissa," the Maître d' said, motioning her back to where he stood.
"One minute, Madame," Elissa said before returning to the host stand.
They spoke for a few minutes while Alex and I stood. I noticed more than a few people waiting for a table were talking and looking at me. Most of the men were leering, which annoyed me more than it should. A few of the women also looked interested, but most just glared.
Elissa walked back to where we were standing. "Please follow me," she said, glancing back once to ensure we followed as she led us to the rear of the restaurant. We entered a hallway, and I noticed there were several private booths. Elissa opened a glass door at the end of the hallway, folding it back out of the way.
The interior of the booth was raised several inches higher than the floor. Alex held my hand as I stepped up. I could feel his eyes as I turned and sat down. I moved over to allow him to sit next to me.
I adjusted my dress, careful about how I sat since the table was higher and anyone coming down the hall would be able to see up my dress.
"May I get you something to drink, Madam?"
"I will be ordering for her, Mademoiselle," Alex interjected.
"My apologies, Monsieur," Elissa said, glancing at me, reevaluating my position in the relationship.
Alex ordered a bottle of wine along with a bottle of water for me.
"Maybe if you are a good girl, I will let you have some of the wine," he told me as Elissa left to get his wine.
The Sommelier arrived at the table and opened the bottle of wine Alex had ordered. After serving Alex a tasting of the wine, he departed, leaving Elissa standing to the side.
"Can I take your order, Monsieur?"
Alex ordered for the both of us. After Elissa left, Alex turned to me.
"Chad asked if I would continue your training. He seems to think you still have ideas to escape his clutches. You need to accept that you are nothing more than property for him to use any way he wants."
I looked at Alex and realized he was playing a part, which meant he was reasonably sure Chad was recording us.
"I have done everything Chad or one of his minions has told me to do since I arrived in this God-forsaken city!"
"Kate, please. We both know that you have not always obeyed the rules. Remember the hostess and waitress and what happened to them?"
"Yes," I said, my voice broken and just above a whisper. I still had nightmares about what Chad had done to the two young women.
"Chad is concerned that you might try something else. He doesn't enjoy punishing you and the people you care about. To that end, he asked me to help with your training. Maybe reinforce some rules you might be tempted to break."
"I have been following the rules!" I protested. Even though I was reasonably sure that Alex was playing his part, being accused of not doing what I was told was pissing me off.
"No need to get upset, Kate. I need you to understand that what I am doing is for your good. Neither of us wants this to be harder on you than necessary," Alex assured me, putting his hand on my arm and gently rubbing it.
Alex put his hands in the bag he had carried in and pulled out a thin collar. "Put this on," he told me, holding eye contact until I took the collar and slipped it around my throat. I had conflicting feelings about it. I realized it was part of our game, but anyone seeing it would know I was wearing a dog collar.
I glanced back at him and saw that he had a thin, black lead.
"Come on!" I protested, but it was no use. The asshole just raised an eyebrow and waited.
With a sigh, I fastened the lead to my collar and looked down, embarrassed that I was wearing a leash.
"For the rest of the time, we are out tonight. Whoever is holding the lead owns you. You will do whatever they tell you to do without hesitation or complaining. Do we understand each other?"
The argument I started to give died in my mouth with the look he gave me.
I nodded, not trusting myself to talk, as I struggled to hold back tears as I surrendered a part of myself to Alex. I didn't need to be reminded that Chad might be in control of some people from my inner circle. I knew that any excuse I gave him, no matter how minor, would result in severe consequences for them.
"Now that we have that out of the way, I want you to slip under the table, unzip my pants, and suck my cock."
I looked at him in shock for a few seconds before I pulled the napkin off my lap and tossed it on the table before me. I lifted the table skirt and slid off the seat. There wasn't a lot of headroom under the table, but I managed to get between Alex's legs. A few seconds later, I had his semi-hard cock in my hands.
I rolled his cock between my fingers before taking it into my mouth. I heard a moan from Alex and smiled a little.
I kept sucking, taking more of him into my mouth until he was hard. Then, deciding that the fastest way to get off my knees was to finish him off quickly, I pushed him into my throat until my face was against his fly. I started a rhythm, sucking him in before sliding off until I was swirling his cock in my mouth.
"This isn't a race to get to the finish line, Kate. Just gently suck on my cock," Alex told me.
I adjusted what I was doing, just gently sucking on his cock. I forgot where we were until Elissa returned with our salads.
"Is everything ok, Monsieur?"
"Everything is perfect. Why do you ask?" Alex asked, sounding confused.
"The Madam is under the table," she replied, shifting slightly to see what I was doing.
You had better not...was as far as my thought got before the tablecloth was lifted, and I could see Elissa looking down at me.
"She was a little hungry and wanted something to tie her over until the main course arrived. Isn't that right, Slut?"
Asshole,I thought, but feeling the tug on the leash, I kept the comment to myself and let his hard cock leave my lips.
"Absolutely," I said before putting Alex's large cock back into my mouth. I kept gently sucking, moving back and forth on his cock. Between strokes, I looked up and saw that Elissa was mesmerized by what I was doing.
Alex must have sensed it as well. "Why don't you have a seat," he said, patting the seat beside him.
"Monsieur, I couldn't," she said nervously.
"Sure you can, Mademoiselle. We are your only table, and there is no one else in the private rooms," Alex told her, taking her hand and gently pulling her toward the seat.
Alex pulled her skirt up as she sat, exposing her from the waist down.
"Monsieur, please...."
"It's ok," Alex told her, gently caressing her hand. "We don't want to wrinkle the skirt, do we?"
Elissa looked downward, embarrassed, "No, Monsieur."
Alex adjusted the tablecloth, giving Elissa an unobstructed view of me sucking his cock. She shifted in her seat and leaned over, putting her head on Alex's chest to see his cock moving in and out of my mouth.
He guided her small hand slowly downward until it rested on the root of his cock.
Elissa gave him a questioning look.
"Why don't you help her out?" He told her, wrapping her small hand around his cock, moving it in time with my mouth so it looked like she was slowly jacking him off.
"Fuck that feels good," Alex said, putting his arm around her and taking his hand, and sliding it down Elissa's side until he was cupping her exposed hip.
For her part, Elissa seemed past the point of being embarrassed or caring about what was happening around her.
"Ok, Slut. Let's try something else for a few minutes," he said, sitting up slightly and pushing me off his cock.
Elissa released his cock, only to have Alex capture her hand and put it back. "Don't stop. Keep stroking. Slowly. That's it."
Looking at me," Why don't you move over and thank the server for helping you?"
Elissa pulled away from Alex, letting his cock bob. I could see that she was shocked at his suggestion.
"It's ok, Elissa. She is an expert at making people feel good,"
"I've never... I mean. That is so wrong...." Elissa stammered.
"Elissa, look at me," Alex instructed.
"There is nothing wrong with feeling good, is there?"
Elissa looked to be struggling, and a part of me felt sorry for the young woman.
Alex used the hand behind her to gently push her toward me.
"Monsieur, I...."
"Shh. It's ok, Elissa, " He told her, putting her left hand back on his cock.
She seemed torn and went to say something else, but Alex covered her mouth with a soft kiss. He continued to kiss her gently as he finished pushing her pussy toward my face.
I started kissing her inner thighs, going from her knees to just shy of her mound before moving to the other leg. I could feel the tension leave her legs as she warmed up, so I pushed her legs apart and pulled her thong to the side, exposing her cute shaved slit.
It felt so wrong, being under a table in a fancy restaurant, moving my lips closer to the wet slit of a young woman that I knew nothing more than her first name. As I kissed her mound, licking the outer lips but staying away from her clit, I felt her shudder.
I glanced over at Alex's cock, watching for a few seconds as her very white hand moved up and down his large dark shaft.
Let's see if I can make this pussy purr.
I pulled her outer lips apart and licked from her vagina to her clit. I smiled as I heard her moan. I kept licking, occasionally shoving the tip of my tongue inside her vagina.
Elissa's pussy leaked juice almost continuously now, soaking the seat under her ass with her juices that I wasn't able to swallow. Then, I felt her hands on my head, pulling me toward her center as she shuddered and squirted her cum into my open mouth.
"Oh, shit. Fuck" She exclaimed before Alex covered her mouth with his to silence her.
I kept licking her pussy until I felt her hands relax. I sat there, with her juices covering my face and chin, while she recovered.
Alex broke the kiss and looked down at me, winking as he grabbed his semi-hard cock and waved it at me.
"Finish what you started, Slut"
I moved over to his cock and inhaled it, taking it down my throat. I set a fast pace, wanting off my knees.
I could hear him moaning and glanced up. His eyes were closed, and Elissa was lying on his chest, watching me suck him off.
Alex opened his eyes, "I'm going to cum, Slut. You are to catch it in your mouth and keep it there until I tell you to swallow it."
I pulled back until the head was in my mouth and started jacking his cock. It only took a few seconds before I felt the head swell, and rope after rope of his cum exploded into my mouth.
When he had finished, he pulled his cock out of my mouth and put it away. Then he handed the lead to Elissa.
"Stand up and pull the pet out for under the table," he instructed the waitress.
Elissa looked around before gently pulling on the lead until I knelt beside her.
"Slut, share the gift I gave you with Elissa."
I stood in front of the young woman. Placing my hand on the back of her neck and pulled her in for a kiss. At first, it was more of a chaste kiss, Elissa not wanting to open her mouth. It didn't last long, she opened her lips slightly, and I drove my tongue into her mouth, giving her a taste of Alex's cum.
The kiss heated up as Elissa melted into my arms, and all too soon, Alex's cum was gone. I broke the kiss and whispered in her ear, "That is what your pussy will taste like after Alex fucks you,"
I felt a shiver run through her body as I let her go and turned to Alex.
"How else may I serve you?"
I realized I was laying the servant thing on a little heavy, but I wanted him to understand I was trying.
Alex smiled. "Help Elissa fix her outfit, sit, and eat your salad."
I helped Elissa pull her skirt down and adjust her clothing so, other than her flushed face and upper chest, she looked no different than before I had eaten her pussy.
"Excuse me, I must check on your dinner," Elissa said as she rushed away.
I sat down, carefully lifting my short skirt so I didn't sit on it. I could feel my wetness and didn't want to stain my clothes.
"Enjoy yourself?" he asked, picking up a napkin and setting it on his lap.
"Actually, I did. More than I should have," I told him, being honest with him but, more importantly, with myself.
I had eaten maybe a quarter of my salad when Elissa returned to the table with our entree.
Alex took my salad away to make room for the pasta dish that he had ordered for me.
"Hey, I was eating that," I complained as he pulled the dish away. Alex had ordered a pasta dish for me. It wasn't one of my favorite dishes, so I had hoped to fill up on salad.
He just raised an eyebrow.
Asshole, I thought, doing nothing as he handed the salad plate to Elissa.
Elissa cleared the salad plates and placed a fish dish in front of Alex before picking up the pasta dish for me.
"Hold on, Elissa," Alex said, stopping Elissa from putting the dish on the table.
"Is something wrong, Monsieur?"
"You haven't done anything wrong," he assured her. "This is an excellent opportunity to continue Slut's training. Place the plate on the floor between my feet."
I glared at Alex, who just gave me a smug smile.
"This is most unusual, Monsieur," Elissa said, clearly not knowing if Alex was joking.
"It's ok, Elissa. Put the plate on the floor between my feet."
I could see that Elissa was uncomfortable doing what Alex said, but she complied and placed the plate between Alex's feet on the floor.
"Come on, Slut. Your dinner will get cold," He told me, pulling on the lead.
I fought the desire to punch him but knew my not obeying would cause other issues. I started to grab my fork when he stopped me.
"Pets don't use utensils to eat, Slut. Leave the fork."
I glared at Alex, and he kept that smug look on his face. The contest of wills eventually ended with me dropping my shoulders and moving under the table.
I knelt on all fours, looking at the plate of pasta he had ordered, feeling tears forming. Every fiber of my being was protesting, demanding that I fight this humiliation. At the same time, a growing part of me just wanted to curl into a ball and tell everyone to go fuck themselves.
"It is very rude not to eat the food your owner provides for you, Slut."
I glanced up and met Alex's eyes. Where before they had seemed warm and inviting, now they seemed cold and hard. I hoped he was playing a part, but I realized that he might not be. That scared the shit out of me more than anything else. If Chad had invaded this far into the Agency, could Rob get me out of this?
I lowered my head, not wanting to look at him any longer. I lowered my face to the plate and started eating my dinner.
"Spread your legs a little wider, Slut," I heard Alex order. I complied, feeling my dress ride up my thighs as I did.
If it rides up any more and you will be flashing anyone walking down the hall, I thought.
Alex must have realized the same thing. "Mademoiselle, pull up Slut's dress. I don't want it to get wet from her leaking pussy."
I felt my cheeks turn red as Elissa pulled the dress off my hips, exposing my ass to the world.
"How does she look?" Alex asked Elissa.
"She looks very wet," Elissa answered. I jerked slightly as I felt a hand caressing my ass before moving down and touching my outer lips.
"Want to taste her?"
"I can't do that, Monsieur."
I could hear the nervous jitter in her voice.
"Sure you can. Just slip a finger inside her and put it in your mouth."
Elissa had been lightly cupping my sex while talking to Alex.
"Go ahead, Elissa. Just a little taste."
I had stopped eating, unsure if she would go further. Alex noticed that I was looking over my shoulders instead of eating.
"I don't remember telling you to stop eating, Slut. Get your fucking face back in that plate."
I did as ordered, trying to ignore Elissa as she slipped a finger between my wet outer lips and rubbed my clit. As excited as I was, it would only be a matter of time before the attention she gave me would cause me to cum.
"Don't stop," I moaned when her hand left my sex, just seconds away from making me cum.
"Ignore her," Alex commanded. "Go ahead, taste her."
"Good girl."
"How was it? Come on. You don't have to be shy."
"She tastes fantastic," Elissa said quietly.
"You can have more."
I felt Elissa's hands on my ass again before she pushed a finger back inside my wet pussy. She pushed her finger in and out a few times, finger-fucking me closer to an orgasm.
It seemed like every time I got close to cumming. She would pull her hand away to suck my juices off her finger.
"Why don't you try it from the source?" Alex suggested.
"I can't," Elissa replied.
I could hear her voice shaking and felt sorry for her being caught up in this mess.
"Sure you can. Just kneel behind the slut and give her wet pussy a lick."
"I'm sorry, Monsieur. I can't."
"Why? You obviously enjoy the taste."
There was a slight pause before Elissa answered. "Someone might see me," she said quietly.
"No one is going to see you back here. The entire purpose of these rooms is the privacy they provide. Stop stalling, Elissa. Just give her a little lick."
I heard Elissa move behind me, noticing the light under the table dimming as she blocked more of the light from the hall.
I held my breath as I felt her hands on my ass. Shivering a little as I felt her breath on my exposed pussy as she leaned in to lick my pouting lips.
Elissa started out very tentatively. I felt her tongue run up my slit until she reached my vagina. I moaned into my food, ignoring it completely as she took another lick.
I had closed my eyes and held my breath as the feeling of Elissa's rough tongue ran between my lips on its journey from my vagina to my clit. Each lick she gave me pushed me closer to cumming. I curled my hands, driving my nails into my hands as I approached a massive orgasm.
"Stop," Alex said, chuckling at the noise I made when Elesia backed away from my body.
"Did I do something wrong, Monsieur?"
"No, nothing you did. The slut would cum if I let you continue, and I am not ready to reward her just yet. Now, do be a dear and fetch me some more bread."
"Of course, Monsieur."
I could hear the frustration in her voice as she answered Alex. The next sound I hear is her heels' clicking on the tile as she walks away.
"Finish eating, Slut," Alex told me as I heard his cutlery touching his plate as he resumed his meal.
This fucking sucks, I thought, lowering my face back to the plate. I spent the next several minutes being embarrassed with being forced to eat like a dog under the table where one of my husbands' associates sat, with my bare ass up in the air.
The drafts from the air conditioning were doing nothing to cool off my overheated body.
Maybe I could get away with cumming, I thought.
I tried to be discrete as I rubbed my thighs together, hoping to cum without Alex catching me. My lack of control in this situation made me almost as excited as the stimulation. I was on the brink of cumming when I heard the nasal voice of the Maître d' behind my upturned ass.
"Monsieur! This is completely unacceptable!"
I heard Alex sigh and his silverware hitting the table. "What the fuck is unacceptable, Travis?" He demanded to know.
"This. This. This slut with her bare arse in the air waving it back and forth like a bitch in heat." Travis stammered before getting his voice under control.
I glanced over my shoulder at the indigent little man trying his best not to look at my naked ass. I spread my legs a little more and twerked, knowing it made him very uncomfortable.
"Travis, let's get something straight. Chad fucking owns the restaurant and, by extension, everyone working here. So forgive me if I don't give two shits what you think about anything I do here. After all, he told me to have a nice dinner with his newest slut and use her however I wanted."
I could see Travis getting red as his anger started to get the better of him.
"Monsieur Chad doesn't fucking own me or anyone else here!"
I felt Alex shift in his seat as he sat up and regarded Travis.
"There seems to be some misunderstanding here, Travis. Since there are a few people here that I don't want to see abused because of your inability to grasp the real situation here.
"Let me ask a couple of questions. Is anyone in your life that you would like to protect, like a wife, maybe a sister, or your mother?"
Alex paused and waited until Travis reluctantly nodded his head.
"If you caught a cold and took it home, exposing the people in your life, for the most part, they would get sick, and a few days later, everyone is back to normal. With me so far?"
"Yes, but what does that have to do...."
"I'm getting to that," Alex said, cutting Travis off.
"You would feel a little bad getting them sick, right?"
Travis nodded again, his face losing the anger it had held and now showing confusion.
"Now, if instead of a cold, you caught something that might be more, let's say, fatal. Not to everyone, but enough that you know getting it could be very bad. There might be a vaccine or some natural immunity, so there is hope that everything will turn out ok for your family and friends you exposed."
"You would still feel bad, maybe a little worse than giving them a cold, but unless someone died, it wouldn't impact you long-term. Right?"
Travis nodded again. Still not seeing where this was going.
I felt Alex shift in his seat as he leaned toward Travis.
"Ok. Imagine Chad is a fucking plague, There is no immunity. No vaccine. Nothing can protect you from him if he notices you. Your only defense against him would be to fly under his radar.
"Make no mistake. He will destroy you, your friends, your wife, fuck, and your entire family for nothing more than an imagined slight. If that isn't bad enough, the worst part is that he disposes of his toys after playing with them.
"He will leave you around to mourn the people who used to be in your life."
Travis looked sick. I guess realizing, for the first time, what a fucking asshole Chad was and how dangerous it was being around him.
"Now. Chad may not even know or care that you work here, Travis. I highly suggest that if you want to keep your life intact, you keep it that way."
Alex leaned back in the seat and tapped his soft cock against the seat. I took the hint and shuffled around until I had his cock in my mouth.
In the quiet that followed his conversation, I could clearly hear my sucking and slurping of Alex's hardening cock.
Alex chuckled. "The slut is learning her place in the world," he said, his hands creasing my hair as I deep-throated his swollen cock.
I could feel Travis's gaze on my ass as I moved my head up and down on Alex's cock.
What the hell, might as well tease the asshole, I thought as I started moving my ass in time with my head.
"This seems wrong," Travis muttered.
"No, this shit is fucked up, but if you want to survive the game, I suggest you play with the hand you are dealt."
I wasn't sure if Alex was talking to Travis or me. I guess it could be both, which worried me for some reason.
"Listen, to show that I am not unsympathetic with your position. I will let you fuck the slut, right now."
I tried to protest, attempting to lift my head to pull Alex out of my mouth, but his hands held me firm, with part of his shaft buried down my throat.
"I don't know. My wife...."
"This is a one-time offer, Travis. Is your wife as hot as the slut sucking my cock?"
"No," Travis said, sounding defeated.
"It's up to you, but make your decision."
I hoped the asshole would decide his wife wasn't worth losing over a piece of ass dangled before him. My hopes were dashed when I heard his zipper slide down.
"Here."
"What's this for? I'm clean."
"My rule is no one, but I can fuck this slut without a raincoat."
A few seconds later, I felt a set of hands groping my ass and forcing a few fingers into my pussy.
Just relax, I told myself, but I still tensed when I felt his penis rubbing against my slit. As he slid inside, I realized Travis's cock was on the small side.
Why do the pricks always have small cocks? I wondered as he pushed his cock inside me.
For the next few minutes, the only sounds were the ones Travis's pelvis made as it smacked against my ass. I kept sucking Alex, hoping to get him off before Travis shot his wad.
I will give it to him. What he lacked in size, he made up in enthusiasm. Sadly, I was just starting to get off when the asshole came, filling the condom.
"Shit, I can't believe I got to fuck the slut," Travis said as he pulled off the condom.
Me neither, I thought as Alex pushed me off his cock and zipped his pants.
Alex picked my plate off the floor.
"Pour the cum onto the plate, then leave," Alex instructed Travis.
After Travis left, Alex put the plate back on the floor.
"As soon as you finish, we can leave."
I gave him a dirty look.
"Or, we can hang out, and I can have you lick and suck your way through the entire restaurant staff. It doesn't matter to me."
I looked at the cum on the plate, the sight was sickening, but the thought of being forced to suck off an entire waitstaff was worse. With one last dirty look at Alex, I dropped my face and ate the rest of the food, cum and all.
"Finished, Asshole. Can I have my napkin?"
"Let me see," Alex said.
I assumed he meant the plate, but he really wanted to see my face. After forcing me to look up at him from under the table, he smiled.
"You are a mess, my beautiful little slut. Smile," he ordered as he took a picture before handing me my napkin. I tried my best without a mirror to clean up the mess on my face.
Alex helped me up and pulled down my dress, momentarily exposing my breasts. I quickly adjusted the dress to cover as much as possible before looking into his eyes.
The moment was shattered when Elissa cleared her throat behind me.
Alex and I turned to her.
"Is there anything else I can do, Monsieur?"
She didn't bother to look in my direction, our dynamic had been firmly established in her mind, and I was nothing more than an extension of Alex's will.
"No, nothing else, Mademoiselle," Alex told her, pulling his wallet out before pulling out several hundred dollar bills.
"I have been informed that the entire bill has been taken care of, so there is no charge to you," Elissa explained, shaking her head as Alex handed her the money.
"I know, this is for you," he told her, pressing the bills into her hands.
"Monsieur, this is too much," Elissa told Alex, again shaking her head and handing the bills back.
"Nonsense. Take the money. I'm sure that you can use it."
Her face lit up. Glancing around to ensure no one could see her, she put the bills inside her bra.
"I have one other task if it's not too much?"
Elissa looked concerned about the task and reached to take the money out to return it.
"It's nothing like that," Alex said, giving her a big smile.
"Would you be so kind as take Slut and get her cleaned up and presentable?"
Elissa glanced at me and frowned, "That is all?"
"Yes, Mademoiselle, "Alex said, handing her the lead attached to the collar I wore.
Alex captured Elissa's hand as she reached for the lead.
"Just one thing. Slut will obey whoever holds this lead, so be careful with her."
"Anything, Monsieur?"
"I guess anything is very broad. She will not allow herself to be taken from the building or for anything permanent to happen. She also knows the other rules, don't you slut?"
I remembered what happened to the two young women at the other restaurant, and didn't want to tempt fate with Elisia, so I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.
"I will take the Slut and get her presentable," Elissa said.
Alex held her had a few more seconds before releasing her hand and the lead. With one final look at him, Elissa turned and pulled on the lead.
"Come on Slut."
She had taken a couple of steps before Alex halted her. "One more thing, in case you decide to loan her to someone," he said, handing her several condoms.
"No one is to fuck her without one."
I gave Alex a glare, which seemed to amuse him.
"Go on, get her cleaned up while I enjoy some more wine."
Walking down the hallway, I glanced back at Alex, but he was on his phone and not paying attention.
The walk to the restroom wasn't that long and was done in silence. I really had nothing to say to Elissa. Any warning I gave her would just make her life worse. For her part, Elissa seemed to be lost in thought.
Once in the restroom, Elissa locked the door and turned to me. "Take the thing off so we can get this over with."
"This thing is a dress," I commented as I pulled it over my head, leaving me completely nude, standing beside the sink.
"Please, there isn't enough material to be called a dress. It looks like something a hooker would wear."
Elissa pulled some paper towels from the dispenser, getting them wet before she started washing my legs. She made it to my crotch before reversing down the other leg.
"Spread your legs a little more," she said as she got clean towels.
This time she started cleaning up my pussy, pulling the swollen folds open to clean me better. She bit her lips the entire time she cleaned me, reminding me of Beca when she was deep in thought.
"Turn around," Elissa ordered.
"Spread your legs more and lean forward."
I spread my legs wider and leaned away from her, balancing myself with the sink.
Elissa spread my ass, exposing my asshole and pussy to her as she cleaned me.
After a few minutes, I noticed she had replaced the wet towels with her fingers. I felt her fingers slip inside my wet folds, eliciting a moan from me as the orgasm I had been denied earlier started to build again.
"This is so wrong," I heard Elissa say before I felt her start kissing my ass while she fingered my pussy.
I kept moaning as I felt her move closer, pushing my legs further apart to gain better access. Her kisses turned to licks as she ran her tongue from my asshole to her fingers, sliding in and out of me. She did this for several minutes as the orgasm continued to build.
I was shocked when Elissa pushed her tongue inside my asshole. The feeling was too much and pushed me over the top.
"Fuck," I said as I clung to the sink to keep my balance as my legs shook.
Elissa waited until I returned to earth before standing up and getting more towels to dry me off again.
"Thank you. I needed that," I told her when she turned me around.
"I had a feeling you might want to enjoy that after not being allowed to earlier." Elissa cleaned up my face.
"That is the best I can do without...."
Whatever she had been about to say died with a pounding on the door.
"Open the fucking door, Elissa!" a male voice demanded.
"Shit," Elissa said, grabbing my dress and throwing it at me. "Hurry up. Todd has a bad temper," she warned me before putting her hands on the handle.
She waited until I had the dress on before unlocking the door. It burst open, forcing Elissa to jump back to avoid getting hit.
He pushed Elissa over towards me and stood glaring at her and me.
"Is this the slut that let Travis fuck her?" Todd asked Elissa, his eyes wandering all over me. The lear on his face suggested that he didn't really care what the answer was.
"Yes," Elissa said before I could answer. I glanced at her and saw she was cowering away from him. I put two and two together and realized he had been abusing her for a while.
He walked around me, appraising me like a piece of meat. I felt his hands grab my ass, roughly running his hands over it before standing in front of me.
Todd grabbed my hair, pulling my face up until our eyes met.
"You and I are going to have a little bit of fun."
"Go fuck yourself," I told him.
"No, sweetheart, I will be fucking you," he told me, letting my hair go to roughly grab my breasts, pulling them out of the top.
He grabbed my nipples and squeezed them hard. The pain drove rational thoughts like his size completely out of my mind. Before I could stop myself, I slammed the palm of my hand against his face, putting all the anger I had buried over the last few days into the blow.
Todd let my breasts go and staggered back.
"You stupid fucking cunt!" He yelled at me before charging forward, punching me hard in the stomach, and dropping me to the floor.
I lay on the floor, the pain in my stomach making it impossible to catch my breath. I struggled to keep from throwing up.
I could hear screaming and watched as he threw Elissa against the other wall when she tried to intervene.
Todd turned to me and went to kick me but changed his mind. Instead, he pulled me off the floor by my hair and slapped me hard before letting me collapse.
"Stupid fucking bitch," he said as he grabbed my hips and pulled me onto my knees, ripping the dress as he pulled it off my ass.
"You're all fucking alike. Tease, tease, tease, and when someone calls you on it, you get pissed and throw a fit."
I heard Todd unzip his pants and realized he would rape me. I looked around the restroom and realized Elissa had left. Part of me was mad that she left me alone with this monster, while another didn't blame her. The rest of me was just numb and wanted this over.
I felt Todd roughly shove several fingers inside my pussy.
"Just like I thought, already excited and waiting for a nice big cock to scratch that itch."
He leaned over my back and grabbed my hair before leaning in and whispering into my ear. "Normally, I would just fuck you, but you decided to get all uppity and hurt my feelings."
He licked the side of my neck. I could feel his cock resting against my vulva, the head rubbing my swollen clit. Under different circumstances, this might even be nice. I started struggling, knowing it was useless, but unwilling to give up.
"So I am going to fuck that nice ass of yours and make you scream a little bit."
He released my hair and, for the first time, noticed the lead attached to the collar around my neck.
He pulled the lead, forcing my upper body toward him. I felt his chest against my back as his other hand reached around and roughly twisted my left breast.
I moaned and could feel tears rolling down my face as I stopped fighting him. Alex had told me that I must obey the person holding the lead. I really hoped he hadn't sent this asshole in here, but I wasn't willing to risk the consequences of not following his orders.
Todd noticed the change in my behavior. "Your some kind of pet? Is that it, honey? Just a fucking cunt on a leash," he laughed as he abused my breast.
He let my sore breast go and pushed my upper body down until my face touched the floor.
"Pull your fucking ass apart."
I felt him position his cock against my asshole. I heard him spit and felt it hit the crack of my ass, relieved that he would use some lubricant before shoving his cock into my dry ass.
"This could have been a lot more pleasant for you," Todd said before slamming his cock deep inside my ass as hard as he could.
The pain was incredible, and I could hear someone screaming as Todd kept pulling his cock out and slamming it back in. Each time it felt like he was punching my asshole with his cock.
I don't know how long this went on. I had zoned out at some point, retreating from the pain he inflicted on me. At some point, Alex was helping me up off the floor, wrapping a jacket around my body. He tried to hold me, causing me to lash out and jerk away from him.
Alex held me at arm's length to avoid my fists. "It's ok, Kate. It's over, baby."
"Over? You think this is fucking over?" I yelled at him, past the point where I gave a shit about anything. The sound of my voice shocked me. It was ragged and hoarse.
I guess I was the person screaming.
It took a few minutes for me to calm down and look around at the mess on the floor. There was blood and trash all over the place.
I noticed Todd then. He was curled up on the floor next to the door. His face was pretty messed up, with blood leaking from multiple spots. Glancing around the room, I saw blood on some of the walls.
I looked at Alex then. Besides his hands, he looked no different than when he had taken me out.
He noticed me staring at his hands. "It's all his," he said, walking to the sink to clean them off.
Elissia stood in the doorway, blocking my view of a very nervous Travis.
"You should have seen him! He just walked in, picked Todd up like a toy, and started slamming him into the walls. For a couple of minutes, I thought he would kill him."
Past the point of giving a fuck, I walked into a stall and cleaned myself up. My asshole was sore and slightly distended but wasn't bleeding much.
At least it doesn't look like he tore anything.The part of my mind that likes to spin things positively said before the rest told it to shut up.
The dress was ripped up the side and looked past the point of saving.
I walked out of the stall and noticed everyone was looking at me.
Elissia spoke first, handing me a tee shirt and sweatpants. "Here, I keep an extra workout outfit in my locker."
I took the outfit and changed in the middle of the room, not caring who saw me. The shirt was a little tight, but the rest fit well.
"Kate...." Alex started to say something.
"Shut the fuck up, Alex," I told him, walking toward where Todd sat on the ground.
The next thing I know, Alex is holding me off the ground as he manhandles me out of the restroom, away from Todd, unconscious on the floor.
"Fuck Kate, take it easy," Alex said, holding me tightly to keep me from striking him. He held me until I calmed down, releasing me after I appeared back in control of myself.
Satisfied that I wouldn't launch another attack, Alex checked on Todd, who was moaning while holding his balls.
"Stupid psycho bitch," Todd kept saying.
"I would be careful saying things like that if I were you. She is right there, and next time, I might not pull her off you."
"Fuck you too, asshole," Todd said, looking at Alex through his swollen eyes as he spits out blood from his mouth.
Alex grabbed Todd by his throat and pulled him up until his feet dangled. Todd dangled briefly before Alex slammed his back into the wall beside the hand dryer.
Alex pulled his arm back, ready to hit Todd again but stopped himself. "Your just a stupid fucking piece of shit and not worth the aggravation."
Walking out of the restroom, he confronted Travis. "Get him the fuck out of here, and don't let him come back."
"I can't just throw him out. His dad...."
"It's like this, Travis. I will talk to Chad briefly, letting him know that this dumbass raped his bitches. You know Chad, he will make an example of him and anyone who helped."
Travis seemed to shrink into himself but nodded that he understood.
I looked at Elissa. "Thanks for the clothes. I will get them back to you as soon as I can."
"Don't worry about it," Elissia said, pulling me into a hug. I resisted for a few seconds before relaxing.
Alex cleared his throat. "Time to go, Kate."
I let Elissia go, letting Alex guide me down the hall and out of the restaurant to the car. The sympathetic expressions on the faces of the valet team let me know that what had happened in the restaurant with Todd had been widely shared.
As we pulled out of the parking lot, I looked at Alex. "I don't know how much more of this I can take, Alex, without losing myself."
"You will be fine. Just keep doing what you are told and let Chad deal with anyone who crosses the lines," he said with a smile that didn't reach his eyes.
I turned away and looked outside the windows, not seeing anything as the lights blurred by.
Please hurry up, Rob, I thought as tears flowed down my cheeks.