Sarah paces back and forth, inspecting the row of naked sluts. Sarah is also nude, but for a pair of fuck-me heels and red fishnet stockings, with her golden movie-star hair pulled up in a straight, arching ponytail. She approaches Eve, who has her small tits pressed against the full-wall window. Sarah grabs Eve's quivering, juicy ass cheeks with both hands and pries them apart. "Ass out! Pussy up! I need to see an arched back, slut!"
"Yes, ma'am," Eve whimpers. She bows her head, making her curtain of chestnut hair fall over her innocent features. Sarah smacks Eve's ass as it is thrust out, bringing her swollen, well-used pussy in sight.
"Now you're going to be a good little cum whore tonight," Sarah orders. "No more whining. Tonight you beg for cum and nothing else."
"Yes, ma'am." Sarah gently cups Eve's pussy with her hand, then squeezes the soft mound a few times as if it were a tit, making Eve yelp.
"Oh, yeah, this one's ripe for you today, Alex," Sarah says. "You're in for a fun ride." She slaps Eve's shiny pussy and slides her hand up her ass crack, jerking her quivering ass further up in the air. Sarah moves onto Gina, who has her ass very proudly displayed as she pushes forcibly on the window with her tits. She smiles back at Sarah. "How about you?" Sarah asks. "Are you going to beg for cum tonight?"
"Of course," Gina says, her words lazily smothering the air. "I want to wear Alex's cum all over my face and my tits and my hair and my pussy and my ass." She grabs her own bulging ass cheek and pulls it upwards, smiling at Sarah. Her brown, Chinese eyes sparkle at the thought of having a man's cum on her body. Sarah rubs Gina's nineteen-year-old pussy slowly, gently.
"And are you ready for this little pussy to get fucked for the first time? Are you ready to be filled like you've always wanted?"
"Oh, I've been waiting for so long," Gina says, a faux sadness in her high voice. She flips her long raven hair out of her face as she closes her eyes, imagining. "Tonight I'm going to get the fucking I need." Sarah leans in to whisper in Gina's ear:
"No, honey. Tonight, you're going to get the fucking you deserve. Who knows? He might even give this gorgeous ass some attention." Sarah licks down Gina's jawline as the younger girl moans and begins to rub her pussy herself in anticipation.
Sarah walks over to Maya, whose orb-like tits are pressed right up against the window. She bends down under Maya's legs, inspecting her pussy. Sarah spreads Maya's pussy with two fingers and takes a quick, teasing taste, before reaching farther up and grabbing Maya's bulbous breasts with both hands. The supple domes of flesh unstick from the glass as Sarah's fingers begin to warm Maya's icy nipples, squeezing her tits like putty all the while. There are two huge tit-shaped circles in the slight fog on the glass. "Aren't you excited to be out on display?" Sarah asks, as she leans towards Maya's face. "Aren't you excited to be pressed up naked against a glass wall while the whole city watches you get fucked?" Sarah moves close enough that their two pairs of tits tenderly brush against each other, and she reaches down to suck one of Maya's inviting nipples. Her tongue flicks back and forth across the nub, lovingly caressing one of her favorite toys, and Maya, a shameless lesbian, begins to moan. Then, very suddenly, Sarah pushes her back against the window, and Maya's tits cushion her impact with the glass. Sarah delivers a quick spank to Maya's ass, and she gives the cheek a hard squeeze as her hand makes contact.
Next up for inspection is Serena. She is standing, bent over at the waist, splaying her legs apart and clutching her ankles with her hands. Her pussy is already wet, and Sarah uses two fingers to check how tight she is. She spends a solid minute finger-banging Serena's dripping cunt, making her strawberry-blonde, wavy hair sway firmly, before ordering her to stand up straight.
"You're going to suck Alex's cock just like we practiced, right?" Sarah asks. "Because you're in for a mouthful of hot cum tonight, you gorgeous little slut!" She sucks Serena's juices off her index finger, then takes her middle finger and pushes it in between Serena's lips. This is a girl who gets husbands in trouble at the beach when they're caught staring jealously at the popsicle she's sucking; saying she has expert lips would be an understatement. Sarah fucks her adept mouth like this for a few seconds, allowing Serena to taste her own moisture, before leaning in and planting a kiss on her lips. Sarah wolf-whistles as Serena bends over once more, and gives her cute ass a quick slap before moving on to Rachel.
Rachel is kneeling, and her ass is facing the window. Her neck-length red hair partially obscures her round, exaggerated features. She's clutching her tits, holding her bulbous breasts out like a peace offering, above which her lip-glossed mouth hangs open just enough to accommodate a cock. Sarah kneels down and, moving one of Rachel's hands away, takes her right tit into her mouth absolutely as far as she can. She giggles while her mouth is full of tit and lets the huge orb swing free. Rachel grabs her newly wet boob and resumes her position. "I can tell he'll be giving you plenty of punishment, so I don't need to," Sarah says wickedly, with noticeable excitement in her voice. "Ok, Alex, they're all ready for you."
"Mm, thank you, baby," you say, grabbing Sarah and bringing her towards you. Your left hand is at the small of her back, while your right is snaking up between her legs to graze her ass. You kiss her for a few seconds and drag your hand tenderly against her asshole and up along her beautiful pussy, tickling it ever so slightly. She gives a sexy little moan and you let her go. "Ok," you say. "Which slut first? I think...Eve."
Eve shouldn't be surprised. Her pert little ass and her innocent, glowing face have been just begging for cock since she stepped into the room. Still, she whimpers when she hears her name. You walk right up behind her and let your dick lie against her ass crack. "Ooh, bitch, are you ready to sin?" You breathe on the nape of her neck and grasp her smooth shoulders gently. She flinches at your touch. You rub your dick slowly up and down the valley between her creamy cheeks, feeling her supple ass quiver with fear. You push the tip softly into her constricting ass. Her rim nicely tightens over the ridge of your dickhead, creating a temporary seal, and she lets out a little squeal. "You little whore, how good does that feel?" you whisper. "Are you hooked yet? Are you ready for...more?!" On the last word you thrust into her, balls deep, and remain motionless inside her for a few moments, allowing the sensation to truly sink in.
Eve beats her wrists against the glass, panting furiously, as though having her ass full of cock is suffocating her. You slap her ass sharply once, twice, thrice, then pull out about halfway. You can feel the inside of her ass capsize into the newly empty space, only to expand again when you force your dick back up to the hilt. From there, you fuck her ass at your top speed for a few thrusts, slamming her body into the glass each time. Her soft, angelic cheek is stuck to the window, and she winces each time her jiggling ass involuntarily accepts the intruder into its depths. Finally, you pull out and she exhales in relief. "On your knees," you bark. The relief falls from her face as she realizes your plan. She kneels down dejectedly and faces you, opening her mouth with her eyes shut and her nose wrinkled. You plow into her impossibly soft, salacious lips and give her a taste of her own ass for a few strokes before pulling out, disappointed.
"Hmm, I think we can do better than that," you say. "What do you think, Sarah?" You turn around to see Sarah pressing Rachel up against the glass, lips locked on one of her enormous tits. Each girl has a few fingers inside the other's moistening pussy, and they are slowly finger-banging each other. As such, Sarah doesn't pay you any attention.
...to be continued...
I'll be uploading a new chapter at least once a week, so check back for updates!