LINGERIE MODEL PT.01
"Oh yes, Jennifer, I'd love that! ...I've never played one before!" Lauren gave a giggle and a hug.
"Well, don't get too excited 'Miss Lingerie Sales Girl'. Watching the store on a Wednesday afternoon is pretty slow. But thank you so much! My assistant Cheri is out today and I really have to finish up designs for the new line in the back studio. Just forty-five minutes or so, k?" replied Jennifer, the owner of the exclusive lingerie store.
"And I must say, you're dressed perfectly for the part! Vey high heels, stockings, nice light and loose skirt, sheer blouse with a very demure cardigan concealing what I'm sure is one of our elegant bras. Enough of a wholesome shop girl who won't scare off the lady shoppers, but definitely hot enough keep the occasional male customer intrigued, right?"
"Perfect! I think you're so right Jen. I should keep this sweater buttoned, because look at it open. Recognize this bra? "
Lauren opened the top few buttons and pulled the cashmere aside to reveal the lace beneath the sheer blouse. The black quarter-cup bra pushed her round breasts up and out but left her pierced nipples nicely visible.
"Wow! Stunning, Lauren! Nice jewelry on those stiff nips of yours, but button up sweetheart, I think those perfect tits might intimidate the shoppers!", laughed Jennifer.
Lauren was a natural at role-play. As a fashion model, she was very popular with designers because she could easily embody whatever look, attitude, or persona they needed. The truly stunning blond twenty year old stood at five foot ten. She had those fashion model breasts, about a B cup, high and firm, plus a tight ass, perched on long lovely legs.
Since she could do runway, video, catalogue, or print, her fees were at the top of the industry. She loved the work. Any and all modeling was heaven for a born cockteaser like Lauren. She thrived on being watched. Dominating the male gaze made her job more like thrilling foreplay. The flash and click of the cameras were little licks all over.
High fashion was elegant and all, but her true wish was to model glamour and lingerie. Contractual issues made that impossible. And besides, she had to admit that even if her tits were perfect for couture, they just weren't big enough for glam. There were certainly plenty of small tit pornstars, but the lingerie and glamour field still preferred a large bust.
While she wasn't allowed to strut the runway in lingerie, a lover's date with Lauren was quite a private show, starring a luxury slut intent on a showing off her vast collection of lingerie which always led to lots of hard fucking.
Her lingerie closets were filled with the most luxurious French and Italian brands plus amazing custom pieces by Jennifer. So, whenever the model was in L.A., she spent hours shopping and talking lingerie in Jenn's beautiful shop where she could admire herself, mirrored in one outfit after the other. In fact, those custom pieces were the inspiration for Jennifer's new line that would soon be available only by appointment or from a password access website.
As Jennifer's shop girl on this quiet Wednesday afternoon, Lauren amused herself by going through the drawers of new panties. Mesmerized by the vast selection, she barely heard the door jingle. She turned and was delighted to see a handsome man in a beautiful suit striding toward her. Sophisticated, touch of grey at the temples, he projected an air of confidence that went straight to her pussy.
"Good afternoon, sir. I'm Lauren. Please let me know if I can help you find what you're looking for."
"Good afternoon and thank you Miss Lauren, I'm Jackson Cartridge, a loyal customer of Jennifer's. Indeed, I actually would like some advice. I'm picking up a few gifts for four lovely women who all have different opinions about an important subject. My question is, to be frank, what are the best kind of panties to wear with garters and should they go below the garters or on top? It's a perplexing problem of aesthetics vs practical access. You see", he came up very close, "there's nothing more beautiful to me than a woman offering herself in stockings, garters, and perhaps a corset such as these over here. And I so love the beautiful panties which must inevitably be removed."
"Well, you're asking the right girl, sir. I'm almost always in garters," Lauren smiled as she lifted her skirt just enough to expose the tops of her stocking,"so I know what you mean about the 'access' problem, but, you know, getting there is half the fun, don't you think? Personally, I like a man to work for it, so sometimes I make it hard for him because that's how I like it, you know,..hard."
Lauren went straight to the heavy flirting. What the hell, here was a very handsome man comfortable asking very direct questions in a lingerie shop. She was wet already as she saw his eyes take her in.
"Excellent, I'll follow your professional advice... anywhere."
"Good! Let's browse the options together and we'll pick out a pretty selection for ...four women, correct? Do you happen to know their sizes, sir?." Lauren worked her hot little ass as she led him down the aisle, knowing that he was loving the show.
"Yes, in French sizes, three at thirty-six and one at forty, or XXS and S in US sizes."
"Oh, I like a genteman who knows his way around lingerie."
Erin twirled around quickly as they reached the corset section, so that they were brought up very close, her cardigan now open and, to her delight, his eyes right on her peirced nipples.
"Ah, very nice Miss. I didn't know that Jennifer was now selling jewelry. Perhaps you'll share some advice about those as well."
"I'm here to serve, sir! Now, I'll pick 3 or four items for each of your lucky women, corsets with garters and stockings, and panties."
Lauren pretended to think nothing of displaying her erect nipples and turned to choose the twelve sets with complete assurance. Close behind her, Mr. Cartridge was completely hypnotised by that amazing ass which Lauren worked like the pro she was. The thrill was both the heat of his gaze and the large price tags adding up. By the time they reached the panty cabinet he was in for at least $7,000.
"And now, sir, the last stop, those delicates that hold the real treasure, panties! Come, let's look in these drawers." Her eyes on his bulging crotch, "I mean the display drawers... These are all the finest quality panties starting from full coverage classic briefs, French cut, boyshorts, thongs, g-strings, our new harness styles, oh god, just everything you can imagine! We could start with the most accessible, for example these exquisite French ouvert, or open, thongs. But first let's start with this top drawer of satin classic briefs... "
The open drawer next to the panties caught Mr. Cartridges eye.
"This drawer looks like a new extension of Jennifer's offerings. I like those jeweled buttplugs, they look lovely in place, don't you think, Lauren? "
"Ohh I know, sir, they're so glam and sooo dirty! I love the way they feel, mmmm, sorry, I guess I might be, you know, ..oversharing a bit? "She giggled," but really it's true! I just love the way a plug moves in me just walking around all day, or dancing!, that's really soo stimulating. And men always say how hot it looks and how it makes my tight pussy even tighter so they feel their cocks rubbing over the bulge inside!"
Lauren realized she was caressing the ruby and gold plug laid in the velvet drawer while she carried on. She also knew perfectly well how she was steaming up the client. The extra thrill was the money involved. That particular plug was gold plated with a 3 carat burma blue rose cut sapphire. Just a little ass bling sparkling for $23,000.
"This one is my personal favorite!"
"um, sooo, anyway..you know right now I'm wearing a pair of these classic white satin full back panties."
Lauren ran her finger down the smooth satin crotch of the briefs laid out in the drawer.
"Feel how silky these are, here, give me your hand. See? Now," Lauren held his hand and let him really look her over. The full length mirror was behind him so that she could watch herself work him. His hungry eyes ran down her sheer blouse to her short flowing skirt. She lifted the front hem then guided his hand across her stocking tops , her black garters and onto the crotch of those white satin panties.
"Feel how nicely they fit on a bare pussy like mine.."
"Now imagine these on your demure secretary or some office librarian down in the stacks of the archives. Under the garters like this, you just can't get right in like those open crotch micro thongs in the next drawer. But, feel how smooth that satin is stretched over my bald pussy lips."
Lauren whispered as she pressed his hand over her beautiful crotch.
"Now run your hand over my tight ass and feel that expensive silk."
She lifted her hem with both hands and watched him slide his fingers up and down her slit where the satin was already slick from her wet cunt. With growing hunger ruffling his calm façade, he reached around and grabbed a handful of her perfect ass.
"Oh my, sir, you have a nice touch!. It feels so good, right? And look how these full panties are worn under my garters. They cover my whole pussy and ass. You'll never get your hard cock past these panties and keep my garters on, but I can show you just how sexy that can be. Shall I show you sir? Will it help you select what you like best? No one will see us between these racks if another customer shows up. Just stand here close to me and I'll show you...ahh!"
Lauren let out a soft moan as he brushed her clit through the slick fabric.
"Yes, I think you should show me everything Miss. You're right about how great this satin feels over a tight ass like yours. Won't that be be a perfect place that sapphire plug? Can we at least get that inside those panties? Uhm, and what is that curious fat syringe object next to the plug?"
"Oh sir, I would love to model that exquisite toy for you and a demonstration of the 'Rimshot' lube applicator you've noticed is perfect for a fitting! I have no idea what
'Rimshot' means, but guys seem to understand. It's a silicone lube which you probably know is best for anal, it just stays so slippery for so long!"
"Now just pick it up and pull off the tip sealer thingie, yes, that's it. Now hand it to me and I'll turn a bit so you can lift up the back of my skirt. See? I'll just pull out the waist of these satiny panties, so I can ... oh.. yeah... place the applicator tip ..Oh!.. just up against my sweet butthole...and...leave it sticking out like that..now carefully slip my panties up over the plunger, please.. Isn't that nasty, sir! Look how it pushes out the satin!"
"Oh, sir! I can't wait! ...please, now press on the plunger through the satin just a little...Oh Yes! just a little squirt of lube at the entrance, now hold the sides of the syringe through my panties and just go ahead and push it up my ass!"
With a cute little squeal, Lauren pushed her ass out to meet the insert.
"Yes! Now push the plunger and lube me up so deep! Ahh, I love that, mmm.. when it squirts inside..oh yes! Now, you pick up that beautiful jewel plug while I slip out the Rimshot..Perfect, sir!"
"I'll take that beautiful plug and slip it down my panties riiight like this..there! It's just wedged at my hole! Such a tease!! I'm going stand just perfectly still, but come here facing me, right up close, that's right..Can you reach around me with both arms and push it in while it's held in place by these satin panties? Ohh yes just like that, ahhh! Fuck!"
Mr. Cartridge kept a cool facade even though his cock was rock hard. They stood face to face with just an inch between hips, his left hand squeezing her perfect satin covered ass and his right pushing the sapphire home. He pressed the jewelplug into her ass, forcing their pelvises together. Lauren gasped from the bulbous toy pushing then popping into her slick hole. She followed with a sigh and a smile when she felt his impressive hardon pressing up against her front. She loved that she'd made him so hard! He felt totally enormous as she did a subtle grind.
"Ohhh, yess! Sir, mmm, that's so good both back and front! Did I make you that hard for me? Let me see what I've done for you so far! Take out that big cock that I know is rock hard for me! Here, let me unzip you. Mmmm, very nice, just like I thought", she cooed as she pushed her hand in his open fly and grabbed the stiff shaft held tight in his briefs, "really big and really hard! Pull it out, I've got to see it!"
He unzipped and pulled out his proud eight inches of very thick cock. Lauren pulled up the front of her skirt.
"Oh god, your cock is so big and gorgeous! My pussy is so wet for it, oohhh, I wish you could fuck my pussy, but you see I can't get you in with these full panties wrapping me so tight! But they're so silky smooth...this is what I wanted to show you sir, how a girl can give you a hot panty job, just like this ... pull that stiff dick down and slid it in my thigh gap ....yes, that's right...yes! like that! perfect! "
"Oh god, that looks so hot, doesn't it? And feel how smooth my pussy lips are, wrapped so tight in wet satin. Mmm, that's it, slide over my cameltoe, that feels sooo good, so nice when your fat cock head bumps over my clit then hits the end of the butt plug!"
Lauren arched out her hips while they both watched his steel sprung cock slide between her closed thighs and splay her panty covered lips.
"Wait sir, stop a sec, just there, yess, let me do the work!" Lauren giggled. She picked up the Rimshot and squirted the last plunge of lube right along his hard shaft as she humped her hips back and forth.
"Ohhh sir isn't it nasty? Soo hot, your cock is sliding right over my stiff clit and then bumping that pretty plug into my ass! Yes, yes! fuck my panties! Can you feel me? I'm coming! Ohh, Yes! look at my spread pussy lips try to suck your cock, my pussy wants you inside sooo bad!"
Lauren was loving this ultimate cocktease, little orgasms rolling through her as she humped his shaft. She had him mesmerized, staring at her panties and grunting as she worked him.
"I can't get your cock inside!" she pretended to pout. "No, no, you can't come in, but I want to see you cum all over my satin covered cunt! Cum for me! All over these panties!"
She stared him in the eyes as she licked her palm until it was dripping with drool, grabbed his throbbing cock from between her wet thighs and pressed it vertically between her slick hand and the slimed crotch of her panties. He furiously pumped his cock up into the beautiful wet heaven between her hand and the satin.
"Yess!...Yes!.. fuck me like that! Slide it right over my clitty and cum on my panties! Cum for me!, Can you feel me coming?..Yes!..Yes! That's it! Pump that hot cum! Mess up my pretty panties so good until I'm soaked with both of our cum!"
Cartridge moaned and grunted as they watched his hot cum pump and shoot all over her hand, her panties, jet after jet, until it ran down her thighs to soak the tops of her stockings. He stumbled back totally spent while Lauren cooed and rubbed the ropes of jizz all over her silky crotch. She scooped it with her fingers and shoved them down the front of her panties to her bald hungry cunt.
"I couldn't get your cock in there but your cum feels sooo yummy on my clit! Ohh yeah, so much cum for me!"
Lauren scooped up more from her thighs and brought it to her mouth, smiling at him as her tongue played with her dripping finger tips. He stood in amazement with his hand slowly stroking his dripping cock. Lauren just smiled and giggled, sucking her cummy fingers clean.
They both sort of snapped out this live fantasy, glanced around to see if any other customers had come in unnoticed. They straightened up their clothes just as Jennifer came out from her studio.
"Jackson! Darling! "
She clicked over to the suddenly composed Cartridge and gave him two kisses on the cheek and a quick but hot kiss on the lips.
"Has Lauren been helping you get what you're looking for? She's brand new, but really knows lingerie back and forth, don't you think?"
"Yes! Yes, indeed, a very helpful and knowledgeable salesgirl. She's already shown me quite a bit and I'd love to further discuss the finer details about lingerie which it seems we all have a bit of a passion for."
"Well, you're very sweet, sir, it was really my pleasure... Jennifer, I'll just go ring these items up while you two chat, ok?'
"Oh Lauren, Mr. Cartridge has an account with us, you'll find it on the desktop. In fact, Jackson is a very involved investor in the new line so you may very well meet again. I'm guessing that you two might like that, by a certain,.. what is it?..perfume in the air? "
Lauren just laughed, turned and gave them a nice view of her ass strutting to the front counter, showing off the dark stains on her stockings just below the hem of her skirt, including a few long drips of pearly cum.
Her audience shared a knowing smile, Jackson spoke up, "Well, Jennifer, a lovely shopping trip, as always. I have to get back to the office and I'll see you soon I hope."
At the door he turned to Lauren and just flashed her a charming smile. She licked her red lips and gave him a little wave with wet fingers.
"Wow, Lauren, you're quite the salesgirl!" said Jennifer, looking at the total bill. "$32,000? That's wild!"
"Well, it's really mostly that one item I modeled for him, you know that super expensive jewel plug with the sapphire? And, Oh my god, what a totally hot man, right? I just loved working him up! The tease was so delicious because I really, really wanted him to just ravish me, to fucking rip these panties open and fuck my pussy! Such a beautiful cock too! Well, you never know. Something tells me we'll meet again..."
"Ahh, yes, indeed! Jackson always gets his way, so I'm sure he thoroughly enjoyed the whole "You can't get in my panties' act. By the way, I don't see that jewel plug with the other packages.."
"Oh well, we sort of wrapped it together while he shopped and, um, well it's still wrapped up tight... in my ass!" They both laughed and Lauren gave her ass a little shake to feel the heavy plug move in her happy hole. "But just a sec, Jenn, how did you seem to know all the details of my little sales transaction, hmmm?"
"Oh come on, girl. You know this place has cameras everywhere, expensive ones, in fact. I was able to zoom right into when the cum hit the satin. Would you like to review the footage with me?"
"Hey, let's close up. It's after six anyway. Why don't we go back to the studio. We can watch the tape if you'd like. Plus, I want to see that sapphire up your sweet ass and , uhm, you're a little, well, stained in the front and back there. Why don't you grab whatever skirt and panties off the racks and you can freshen up while I pop some champagne. Little Miss Salesgirl deserves a bonus! Come on!"
The shop was opulently furnished, but the studio loft in the back was sleek with leather and steel. Jennifer pulled out a couple of cold bottles, glasses, plates of hors-d'oeuvres - the usual stock for her very chic studio. Lauren didn't bother with the changing room, she just smiled at Jennifer and unzipped right there. Her skirt hit the floor and Lauren kicked it away and struck a pose, legs long and spread, hands on her hips. Always the pro.
"Look at what Mr. Cartridge did all over my lovely white satin panties, Jennifer! I was just showing him how silky smooth they are and he spurted a huge load of his nasty cum all over them, see?"
Lauren reached down and circled her finger tips over the satin still slippery with jizz.
"Yummy, right? " she giggled. "So hot! You saw how I lied and told him, 'No way, Kind Sir, can I slide these aside so you can fuck my tight wet pussy!' It was really hard to resist his big cock, but the tease was sooo delicious! I got him so hot for me, I loved it, Jenn! I had him so hard and huge, then made him come soo hard and so much, Look! Still dripping down my thighs."
"Well, well, Lauren, you've slipped right though glamour model all the way to pornstar. Why don't you show me how gorgeous that plug looks, little Miss Nasty!"
Lauren gave Jennifer a smoldering look and turned elegantly to show her fine ass. Arching her back, she peeled her wet panties slowly down over her round cheeks. The gusset stuck to her moist crack as the satin rolled down to reveal the jewel plug. With the panties stretched across her thigh gap, Lauren pulled her ass cheeks open with both hands.
She looked over her shoulder at Jenn, licked her lips and moved that cute plug in and out with her clenching hole like a wink and a come on..
"So pretty, Lauren. Quite a pose. You've really convinced me that you and I need to work together. Take a new pair of panties from that new French shipment on the table and I'll bring out a skirt. Hmmm, yes, slip on that black strappy thong, and here's a perfect skirt."
Lauren stepped out of her white panties. She dipped a linen napkin in her champagne and cleaned up her sticky crotch. The thong cameltoed her shaved cunt and the strip up her ass secured the plug.
She stood and Jennifer handed her a black spandex mini.
"Perfect! Oh yeah! A nice tight spank skirt!' Lauren shimmied the wetlook piece over her hips and adjusted the cut out ass so the lower buckle strap framed her thigh gap. The round open back displayed her ass with a devastating effect.
In the trifold fitting mirror, the skirt looked like the full coverage of a regular skintight miniskirt from the front. From the side, her bare bubble butt jutted out.
Lauren couldn't help but go into automatic model mode. She adjusted from every angle and then hit a clicking catwalk across the loft floor, a perfect spin, toss of the hair, and slinked back to within six inches of Jennifer's face.
"Pour me champagne and sit beside me. Tell me your plan of seduction from couture to lingerie heaven."
Lauren squirmed a little on a black leather sofa as she sat on that beautiful plug.
Jennifer laughed, "You're lovin that generous gift! Let's get right to the point, Lauren. After watching you work Jackson like that, I think you would make a fabulous lingerie model for my new online catalogue. I know it's against your couture contracts, but I promise you you'll make a lot more money and have a whole lot more fun working with me. I've based most of the new collection on your commissioned designs anyway. It's only right that we partner. You'll bring a couture sophistication as our supermodel, rep, and muse.
How did you get started modeling, anyway?"
"My mother was the start, you know. She was and still is a fashion model, so I guess I inherited the look. She new she had a racehorse daughter since I was 5 foot 9 inches; 6' 3 in the stilettos that I loved to prance around in. Ha, yeah, mom trained me early with the amazing help of her agent who had me on the runway asap. "
Lauren went on like a true narcissist.
"Thing is, I've had this bubble butt, gorgeous face, and endless legs since the start. And I love my boobs, really, they got so pert and round. I know mens' minds pretty well and I can turn any head, but I also know that with a full set of D cups, I could own their hard cocks completely!"
"Hmmm, how amazing, the power of beauty in the hands and hips of a self aware babe. Mom knows I really want to do lingerie and glamour, but she's always stayed pro couture, at least publicly."
"I still see your mom in those classy ads for beauty products, Lauren. Quite the elegant milf, I'd say, right? In her late 30's maybe?'
"Yes, that's her story, teenage mother, then right back on the runway with four rich husbands in the dust. She doesn't say, but I know each divorce brought her millions. Many millions! So, her advice is to keep my beautiful ass under wraps. Of course, she has also always told me that the only pros sluttier than high fashion models are ballerinas. She's damned right! I know couture is merely a high class brothel for wealthy men; always has been. Three thousand dollars a fuck? No problem if you look, walk, and tease like me. Who needs escorting?"
"But still, Jennifer, I really, really want to pull out all the stops with your lingerie shoots! Well...all the stops except maybe this plug in my ass!"
They both laughed and downed more champagne.
"No problem, Lauren. It's time, girlfriend. You're way to hot to be hidden any longer. Besides, we both know that you're just about to age out of runway and couture.'
"Oh Jennifer, I know, it's so crazy, the age thing. Anyway, I want to do lingerie more than anything, but come on, you know I don't have the tits for glamour, and however generous your offer, I am earning high six figures these days. So don't tease me with such a delicious fantasy!"
"Well, those are easy problems. First, I can bring you seven figures, no problem. Everything else you've got is perfect as you've said. You just need more in the bust"
"Oh, I don't think I could ever do implants! Surgery totally freaks me out, I mean what's it like?" Lauren eyed Jennifer's incredible double Ds.
Jennifer laughed, "Honey, I know it's hard to believe, but these babies are completely real."
"No way! Come on, you don't have to pretend."
"I'm really not. Go ahead feel them, see for yourself. All me and perfect!"
Jennifer lifted her stretchy top and exposed the most beautiful round, impossibly perfect tits.
''Oh my God, no way! And no bra! But they're so high and round!" Lauren reached out and held a breast in each hand. Her mouth hanging open, she gently squeezed and fondled them. "They are totally real! You are sooo lucky! I've never seen boobs like that that weren't fake! So incredible!"
"Nice, right? But you better stop pinching my stiff nipples unless you want me to jump you right now. Let me tell you, I wasn't exactly born this way. You can have tits like mine with a little help from my husband, Dr.Telison. He's a real magician with female bio-chem!
You know my assistant, Cheri? Very sweet, really great in the shop, but total bimbo, right? The whole package, platinum blonde, huge perfect breasts, bubble butt, baby doll voice and those pillowy lips. One of my husband's early projects. Maybe a little overdone, but she's very, very happy.
And she does all of our books. Cheri is a math genius centerfold, really! Although she thinks mostly in inches these days, long, thick, hard inches. She's like a human measuring tool. I've seen her do three at once with precise calculation just by feel. A very focused bimbo!" Jennifer giggled.
Lauren was between disbelief and complete fascination. The whole thing sounded like science fiction.
"I know it's a lot to absorb", said Jennifer, "but we can truly make this happen. You'll be the perfect model for everything I've got from lacey satin to shiny latex. You'll be even sexier than you are now and you'll feel incredible, too. Don't worry, I don't mean like bimbo Cheri, unless that's what you want. The doctor has really perfected his technique, so that just about any physical modification is possible without, well, Cheri-like side effects!"
"Tell you what, my husband is coming by the shop in about an hour. Let's keep pouring this bubbly while we look over the contract proposal. He can explain the whole enhancement process to you afterward, ok? He's very persuasive."
"Let me also give you an idea of what kind of compensation we're thinking of. I'm not just running a lingerie store. Even the new luxury line isn't the money maker. I have a small group of venture capitalists who have invested millions in exchange for private involvement. The whole idea is laid out here in this contract."
They clinked glasses and filled them again.
"This is why I love my work! Drinking champagne with a gorgeous woman dressed inside and out in my creations! Cheers! Hey, Lauren, I have a little special celebration motivation in that little pink jar on the table! Let's do some, ok? It's my new fav for backroom fun. It's best if we plug it."
"Whoa, Jenn... does 'plug it' mean what I think it means?"
"Yes! Up your ass, girlfriend! You know, like a chic suppository. It's my husband's pure mix of ecstasy and coke. Look, aren't these pink gel caps the cutest? So much better than pills or snorting. Come on, right now! Turn around and kneel on the couch and stick out your fine ass!"
Lauren quickly obeyed because she loved showing off her rear in that spank skirt.
She rolled her hips and squealed when Jennifer smacked her teasing ass.
"Shame you've got such a hungry grip on that plug in your ass, but you know what? It's not just the sapphire that makes it so precious, darlin. Let me show you."
Lauren felt Jenn grab the base of the plug with one hand and somehow twist the end and pull. The metal toy was a tunnel plug with the sapphire at the threaded end of a stainless rod. Jennifer pulled it out and held it in front of Lauren's smile.
"See? Nasty, right? This plunger thingy slides into the hollow core of your plug and screws up tight. It's also part of our new line, designed by our very own doctor. He made these pink gel caps just the right size for your tunnel toy, so I'm going to drop two of them right in, like this..and now I'm pushing them deep with the ruby plunger!"
"Oh fuck, Jenn, ohhh I can feel them coming out in my ass, wow, that's sooo dirty! And, Ahh..Ah,..Yeah,, I feel such a rush.. soo good, so good...Wha?? I'm cumming, Fuck yeah! Uhn...Ooh! Yes!"
"That's it, sweetie, feel your ass soak up those drugs! You love it, don't you?"
Jennifer laughed as she watched Lauren arch her back, twerking as she came. The drugs were very strong and Jenn knew they were having just the right effect when she saw Lauren panting, drooling, and then arching up fully. Her head fell back, her eyes rolled back and crossed, as her tongue reached out and curled with drool. a classic O face.
She was the picture of a silly ahegao cosplay slut open and begging for a facial.
Jennifer took a quick video on her phone to send her husband the first trial of his awesome pink drug. It truly wasn't coke and molly, but much better, with effects that would lead to permanent 'enhancements'. The unwitting test subject was coming down from the initial orgasmic rush after a few minutes. She flopped over on the couch and rolled onto her back, slouched in a giggly sighing bliss, lightly rubbing her crotch while her eyes fluttered back into focus.
"Wow Jennifer! You're so right. Up the ass is definitely the best, ha! yeess, really the best, I'm still so high! Did you watch me come? Did I look like a hot glamour model? Oh, Jenn", she sighed, "if this is what our partnership will always feel like, sign me up, baby!"
(to be continued...)