My wife Mary and I had a young man named Scott who did yardwork and light repairs around the house. As part of my ongoing project to make Mary more of an exhibitionist, we started letting Scott see her scantily clad then, eventually, nude. Over a period of many months we incorporated him into our sex lives and he got to have sex with Mary. Eventually he got a good job and moved out of state. He and his girlfriend, Jill, had been to visit us, a couple of times and we'd watched each other have sex and even swapped partners. We were looking forward to their return visit in the spring.
One evening I was watching poker on ESPN when Mary said, "since you like watching poker you should have some of your friends over on Saturday nights to play cards." To this day I'm not 100% sure if she was just offering an innocent suggestion or laying the groundwork for what was to come.
The next week I made a few calls and found 3 of my friends who were up to play poker on Saturday nights and we set the first game for 2 weeks.
When the first poker Saturday finally arrived, Mary was a whirlwind, cleaning the house, and making snacks. Vance was the first one there and Mary met him at the door with a hug. In due course Pete and Jeff arrived and I escorted them into the dining room, where we would be playing, and I gave everybody beers and made introductions.
Vance was 10 years my junior and was going through a divorce. Mary knew him quite well as we'd had him over to dinner, a few times, with and without his soon-to-be-ex-wife. He was 5'8" and in good shape. Pete was a friend of Vance's that I knew from work and a club that we all belonged to. Mary had met him but didn't really know him. He was 6'3" and in good shape as he was a wind surfing fiend. He was single, had never been married and was 2 years older that Mary and me. Jeff was an old friend of mine. We had been roommates when we were in our 20's, and we'd had some wild times. We'd even had several MMF 3-way sex parties with he and I and a girl we knew named Carol, and he and I and his then girlfriend, Nancy. He got married and moved out of town and we lost touch for several years and had only just gotten re-connected. He was 6' and fairly muscular.
We would be playing Texas Hold Em'. Everybody would put in $20.00 and we would all get an equal number of chips. Whoever got all the chips would get all the cash. We played a few hands just to warm up and get familiar with things and then I handed out chips.
As we were getting ready to start playing, Mary came in and asked if we needed anything. She was wearing very tight white yoga pants, with a lovely camel toe, and a tight zip up sweater with a push up bra that showed off acres of cleavage. Vance asked her if she was going to play and she said she hadn't been planning on it but at the urging of, well, everyone, she sat down, and we moved the chairs and redistributed the chips.
In all honesty I'm a pretty good poker player, but Pete was also very good and was easily my equal. Vance was a very tight player and could be bluffed off of his hand fairly readily. Jeff was, more or less, dead money. Mary was good but reckless and, taking a page from the Jennifer Tilley playbook, was prone to making huge bluffs, counting on her cleavage to distract us. We played for quite some time before Pete won it all by filling a straight, on the river, to beat my 3 kings. The guys said they'd had a great time and we synchronized schedules to meet in 3 weeks for the next game.
When the next game day arrived, Vance was again the first one to arrive. Mary met him wearing some colorful yoga pants and a very low-cut cream-colored silk blouse. The blouse was semi sheer, and you could see the very sexy white lace demi cup bra she was wearing, that left the upper half of her very large areolas peeking out of the bra cups. Vance hugged her and told her she looked great. We chatted for a while until Pete and Jeff arrived and then we adjourned to the dining room. As Mary handed out drinks, I noticed that all the guys got a good look down her top at Mary's heavy tits.
We played for a couple of hours with no clear-cut chip leader. We were all having a great time, and everybody was joking and laughing. As we played the subject of what was sexy came up. We discussed that at length with the guys telling Mary what they thought was hot. They all agreed that while the mostly unbuttoned sheer blouse was very sexy with the white lace bra she would look even better wearing that top braless. Mary laughed it off, but I could see the wheels in her head turning and I could also see the guys giving her long looks, wondering what those huge tits would look like unencumbered by a brassiere.
Mary's cleavage distraction, and some luck, finally prevailed and she won this game. As it was still early, and we were all having fun, we decided to play again, after a short break for snacks, beers and a bathroom break.
We were all back at the table dividing up the chips when Mary rejoined us. Vance looked up as she walked in and said, "wow, now that's really hot." All the other guys looked up and grinned and agreed. When Vance is right, he's right. The focus of their comments was the fact that Mary had removed her bra. The blouse was still unbuttoned down between her boobs and her heavy tits swayed enticingly as the smooth silk caressed her erect nipples that were just visible through the sheer fabric.
We sat down and started playing the second game and all eyes were on Mary...looking for her tell, I'm sure. While we were playing Vance asked Mary if she'd wear that top out in public. She quickly replied that she had, several times, with and without a bra. She went on to say that she'd worn much more revealing clothes in public, since I liked her to show off. That segued into stories about our trips to various clothing optional resorts and the outfits she'd worn to dinner, when she had to be "covered up." The game was progressing quite slowly as nobody wanted to go home and Mary's stories were really slowing things down. Finally, I asked if the guys would like a fashion show, after we finished playing. That led to a quick series of all in bets until finally Vance won.
I got the guys fresh drinks and we moved to the living room while Mary and I went upstairs to pick out 5 outfits for her to model. Once we'd made our selections I went back downstairs to wait for Mary, curious which outfit she'd pick first. While we were waiting I told the guys that whichever outfit was the favorite Mary would wear, all evening, the next time we played.
The first outfit was a white halter dress patterned after the one made famous by Marilyn Monroe. The front came down below Mary's boobs. The skirt was well above the knee and the top was really made for breasts much smaller that Mary's 38 DDD's. It showed a lot of cleavage and side boob galore. We explained that this was a dress she'd worn to dinner and/or as a cover up at every resort we'd ever been to. Everybody complimented Mary on the dress and figure and then she went back upstairs to change.
When Mary came back downstairs, she was wearing a black halter style dress with an above the knee asymmetric hemline. The halter part of the dress was opaque, but the straps were quite narrow and when Mary walked her nipples would pop out, then back under the straps. The body and skirt of the dress were very sheer, very fine mesh and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing any panties and equally obvious that her vagina was shaved smooth. She made a couple of laps around the living room giving us tantalizing, but very brief, glimpses of her very erect nipples. When she went back upstairs Pete said, "if that's what she wears on vacation, I've been vacationing at the wrong places!"
The third outfit was a micro mini skirt with a slit in front that gave us glimpses of her shaved cunt when she walked. On the top she was wearing a sleeveless blouse that was very, very sheer. It left little to the imagination and her heavy tits and nipples were very visible. When she went back upstairs the consensus was the last outfit had been the best one, so far.
The fourth outfit was a very short cowl neck dress that was open in front down to Mary's waist. It was so short that her ass cheeks were peeking out the back. This was another dress that Mary's tits bobbed in and out of. She made a few laps around the living room, trying, in vain, to keep her heavy tits contained before going upstairs to put on the last outfit. The cowl neck dress was the new favorite outfit. No real surprise there...it was a favorite of mine and I had bought it for her in 3 colors.
Mary took a while getting the last outfit on but when she came down we saw the wait had been worth it. The dress she was wearing was made from a sparkly black glitter fabric. It was cut well above the knee and the sides were both slit all the way to the waist. The dress was backless, and the front was cut down to the waist. The front went up to the top of her tits where it turned into a string that went around her neck. She'd also put on lace top thigh stockings which were an especially big hit. Again, her nipples were mostly covered, as long as she stood still, but walking gave the happy viewers brief nip "slips."
By unanimous agreement the last outfit has been the favorite and Mary agreed to wear it when we next played. As it turned out everybody was free the next Saturday. We saw everybody to the door and Mary gave hugs and kisses and the guys went home to anxiously await the following Saturday.
The next Saturday morning Mary shaved her legs and touched up the trim on her pussy. In the afternoon she got "dressed" in the black lace top thigh highs and dress and laid out snacks.
Jeff was the first to arrive, this time, but Pete and Vance were right behind him. Mary hugged them all and accepted their compliments on her outfit. We sat down, and Mary brought drinks making sure everybody got a good look at her hanging tits that were totally exposed, when she bent over.
We got settled and started to play and all enjoyed the view as one of the other of Mary's magnificent tits was mostly exposed, at any given moment. As we were playing the subject quickly went back to the clothing optional resorts and the stuff that we saw and did. Mary explained about the theme nights in the disco and described some of the outfits that she'd worn, all of which were rather more risqué than her dinner outfits. Somebody, I think it was Vance, asked if Mary would model some of the disco outfits, after we finished playing to which she replied, "if it's not too late, I could model a few."
The game was over in record time and this time I won. Mary went upstairs to change, and we all adjourned to the living room and waited anxiously to see what she would be wearing first.
When Mary came downstairs she was wearing a pair of totally transparent thong panties and an off the shoulder peasant style crop top. Both items left her voluptuous body displayed very nicely. We explained that she wore this outfit on "white night" at the disco. Mary told them that this outfit was slightly more risqué that most of the women wore, but not overly so since the disco was fairly dark. She made a few laps around the living room, to a very appreciative audience, before going back upstairs to change into the next outfit.
This was were things were going to get interesting. All the outfits Mary had modeled, so far, had been fairly risqué, but did, mostly, cover her lady bits. All the rest of the outfits left more of her full figure exposed and I was eager to see what she would choose as her next outfit.
It took a little while longer for Mary to come downstairs but, again, it was worth the wait. She was wearing 4.0" heels with proper black stockings held up by a waist cincher. On top she was wearing a super sheer blouse that came down and almost covered her shaved pussy and left most of the wide hips and full ass bare. It was unbuttoned to the waist and also left most of her tits bare. She looked like sex in high heels and the outfit met with enthusiastic approval. Mary got us all drinks and sat down and chatted with us, giving the guys glimpses of her shaved cunt and magnificent boobs.
As were chatting the guys were all telling Mary how good she looked and asked if there were any more outfits for her to model. She said there were a couple more, if they wanted to see them? They could all see the trend of the outfits showing more of Mary's nude body and all of them were curious about what the next outfit might reveal.
Mary took quite a long time to change and I was just about to go and see if she needed help when she came back downstairs. She was wearing white high heels, white stockings, a white waist cincher and a ½ cup white bra. Over the top she was wearing a short, ass length, sheer, white robe. She was holding the robe closed but when she entered the room she let it fall open leaving her smooth pussy on display. The bra supported her heavy tits but left the very erect nipples completely bare.
She looked magnificent and the guys all told her so as she walked around the room giving everybody a good look at her scantily clad body. We decided to play some more cards and Mary said she was saving 1 outfit to wear next week. We played for a long time before I won it all with a flush. We saw everybody to the door and Mary gave hugs and short kisses. All the guys had a hand on Mary's bare ass as she hugged them goodbye. She didn't seem to mind, at all.
It was 3 weeks before we got together again. Mary wouldn't tell me what she was going to wear, saying, "you'll have to wait and see," with a gleam in her eye. Mary was upstairs when the guys started arriving, so I handed out beers. The guys all asked after Mary and I told them she was getting ready and would be down soon.
We all got settled at the poker table and waited for Mary to make her entrance. We didn't have long to wait and when she walked into the room, from the kitchen, she was wearing heels, thigh highs and a short silk cover up. She greeted everyone, then turned around an removed the cover up and set it on the back of the chair. When she turned around we were all very pleased to see that she was wearing only the thigh highs and heels. By unanimous agreement it was decided that this was the best outfit yet!
She sat down and started playing as we all enjoyed the view. The discussions this evening wore of a decidedly more sexual nature. The subject of threesomes came up and Vance said he'd never been in one. Pete said he's had a MMF with on old girlfriend and his roommate, but it only happened once. Jeff told the stories of the 2 girls he and I had been with. When he was done, we were all getting pretty horny and then Vance asked Mary if she'd ever had a 3 way. She paused and said not in college or med school but that she'd had one with me and another man that had just recently ended. There was dead silence in the room, then I encouraged her to tell the whole story.
Mary said, "we had a young named Scott who did yard work for us as well as some light remodeling. In fact, he remodeled the master bath and re-built the back deck. Mark likes for me to show off, so I started wearing very skimpy outfits when he came over. The outfits became skimpier and skimpier and eventually he got to see me totally nude."
Jeff asked, "how did you feel about him seeing you nude?" Mary said, "just like tonight, I was nervous at first, but then I was flattered that he'd want to see me nude, and later, once I got comfortable around him, it made me wet knowing he wanted to fuck me." When Mary dropped that bombshell, the room was again totally silent.
Before anyone could ask the obvious question, Mary said, "we went on like that for several months then I started giving Mark and Scott lap dances. They started out with me dressed as a stripper and then taking my top off and then my bottoms and dancing the last dance totally nude." The guys looked at her with renewed interest and lust. I could see them mentally picturing the scene.
Mary went on, "then we started to play some light sex games and that progressed to more intense sex games and ended with Mark and Scott taking turns fucking me." She said that last part in a very matter of fact voice and the room was again dead silent as the guys absorbed what she'd just said.
While we were all trying to find our voices, Mary went on to tell them, in some detail, about our sexual escapades with Scott. They were amazed and aroused, and finally finding their voices asked lots of questions about her experiences.
We resumed play, but our minds were clearly elsewhere and most all of us spent a lot of time staring at Mary's huge bare tits. We'd been married 20 years and the sight of her nude still took my breath away, especially when she was showing off for my horny friends. We played several more hands and Mary seemed to be winning more than her share. I was pretty sure the guys were wondering if they were going to get a little of what Scott had tasted.
We played for a while, before Mary went out with one of her failed bluff attempts. She got up to go and "freshen up" and every eye was on her as she walked out of the room. She was gone for a while and not much was happening. We'd all started to play pretty tight. When Mary came back she said, "whoever wins the next hand will get a lap dance." That got every bodies attention and Vance wound up winning the hand.
Mary took a widely grinning Vance by the hand and led him into the adjacent living room and had him sit in one of the overstuffed chairs. She started a CD and said, "oh, I should tell all of you, when I give lap dances it's not like a strip club...you can touch me while I dance." If it was possible, Vance's grin got even wider.
The song started, and Mary started by sitting on Vance's lap, facing the room. His hands were sliding up and down her waist as she ground against him. When he slid his hands up and cupped her huge boobs she moaned and leaned back against him. She let him play with her tits a for a while then got up and turned around and climbed on his lap, facing him, and stuck her tits in his face. Her sucked on her nipples and continued to play with her boobs for the rest of the song the guys watched, in awe of Vance's good fortune. When the song ended she gave Vance a big wet kiss and went back upstairs. Vance rejoined us at the table and said that was the best lap dance he'd ever had! He also said he's never had the chance to handle boobs that big and had loved it!
We played for a while before I finally won it all. Mary came back downstairs, still gloriously nude, and gave everybody a hug and kiss as they left confirming the date for our next game, in 2 weeks.
Before they had even left the street, Mary was on her knees undoing my pants to free my rigid cock. She asked me if I'd enjoyed watching my friend suck her tits and feel her up and I said that I had, as she started to give me a world class blowjob. She's very good, and I was very horny, so when she took my cock all the way in her mouth I filled her throat with cum and she swallowed every drop and licked me clean.
I spent the next 2 weeks anxiously waiting for Saturday to arrive. When it finally did, Mary met the guys at the door wearing her short satin robe and thigh highs with stripper heels.
Mary got everybody drinks and then took off the robe and started to dispense the chips. She was wearing just the thigh highs and heels, to every bodies great pleasure.
As we played, Vance thanked Mary profusely for the lap dance she gave him, last time, and Pete and Jeff chimed in and thanked her, for letting them watch! We played for a while and were all having a great time but there was a certain suspense, hanging in the room. Sort of waiting for the panties to drop, so to speak.
Eventually the discussion came back around to sex and Pete boldly asked Mary about her experience with Scott and me. She thought about it for a little bit and then said, "I knew Scott and trusted him, and Mark, and knew that they wouldn't do anything to hurt me. You have to have that kind of trust in that sort of situation or things will fall apart." The stopped for a few seconds and then said, "I really liked it when Mark fucked me and then, as soon as he finished, Scott slid right in finished in me." Then she said, "I've been thinking about that a lot, and thinking that as much as I liked having 2 men back to back, 4 might be even better. I'm almost to the point of letting all of you have me." There was not a sound as Mary looked from face to face.
Vance was the first one to find his voice and said, "what do you need to do to get to that point? Speaking for myself, I'd LOVE to have sex with you." His admission was quickly followed by Jeff and Pete's "me too." Mary looked at them and grinned.
We played for a few more hands before Jeff won, but nobody really cared. We put the cards away and Mary said, "lets all go in the living room and get naked and better acquainted. The ground rules are simple...no intercourse and nothing goes in my ass. If things go well maybe next time we'll do more."
We all quickly adjourned to the living room and got undressed and seated. I sat on one of the overstuffed chairs, Vance sat in the other and Pete and Jeff sat on the couch.
This blueprint had worked well before and I'm a firm believer in "if it's not broke, don't fix it" so I suggested Mary should give us all lap dances, which brought enthusiastic approval. Mary agreed and started a CD. When the music started she came over and started dancing for me. Rubbing her bare ass against my throbbing cock as I played with her tits. The guys were all gently stroking their erections as they watched and waited for their turn.
My penis is about average in length and girth. Pete was about the same length, but thicker. Vance was a little longer and thinner than me. Jeff's cock was very large, half again longer than Pete's.
When my song was over Mary went over to Vance and started to dance for him. His hands were all over her voluptuous body and he spent a lot of time sucking her tits. She kneeled in front of him and started to stroke his cock, before bending over and taking the tip in her mouth and swirling her tongue around and licking the pre-cum off of the smooth purple head. She took him half way into her mouth and continued to tease and stroke him until the song ended and she moved to the couch and started to dance for Pete.
Mary climbed onto Pete's lap and let him suck her tits for a while before she got down and started to suck his thick cock. It was all she could do but she got almost all of him in her mouth, her lips stretched to the max around his throbbing penis. When the song ended She moved over to Jeff.
Mary sat on Jeff's lap and he sucked her tits as she stroked his long thick cock. She got down on her knees and started to lick and suck him. She could get only get about ½ of his massive swollen prick in her mouth, but he seemed to be really loving it. When the song ended she came back over to me.
She sat on my lap, facing the room, and spread her legs wide giving the guys the first real good look at her smoothly shaved vagina and pierced clit hood. Her cunt was swollen and gaping open and her juices made it obvious she was ready to get fucked. I slid my hands up and under her boobs and played with them, then slid them down her waist and started to slide them up and down the inside of her thighs, moving closer to her gaping pussy each time. When I touched the outer lips of her vagina she moaned and leaned back against me. I had 3 fingers in Mary's pussy and was banging her silly when she had her first powerful orgasm, followed but several smaller "aftershocks". She grabbed my hand and held it still with the 3 fingers still buried inside her. When she regained her composure, she got down and took my penis in her mouth and gave me a fantastic, enthusiastic blowjob, while Pete, Jeff and Vance watched. It didn't take long before I felt that tidal wave of my approaching orgasm and then I arched my back and shot a huge load of semen down her throat. She swallowed every drop and then licked me clean.
I had Mary lay down on the floor and spread her legs and Vance buried his face in her smooth pussy and started to lick her. Pete moved down next to Mary and started sucking on her tit as she reached out to stroke his cock Jeff was on the other side sucking her other tit as she stroked his cock. Mary is truly ambidextrous, and everybody was quite happy about that little factoid. They stayed in that position for a few minutes and Mary had another series of orgasms then they changed positions and Pete made her come with his mouth as she sucked Vance's penis.
After she came again, Mary rolled over and got on her hands and knees and presented her gaping cunt to Vance. He hesitated, and Mary said "I know I said no penetration, but I changed my mind. I want all of you to fuck me...NOW!"
Vance looked at me and I said, "you heard her!" He quickly moved over to Mary's wide ass and slid his cock into her dripping wet pussy and started to slowly fuck her tightness. She took Pete in her mouth and soon they developed a rhythm with Vance pounding her cunt and Pete fucking her mouth. Once they really got going they filled Mary's mouth and cunt with cum. Vance pulled out of her and moved aside, and Jeff quickly took Vance's place. We was very gentle and slowly worked his huge cock into Mary's pussy and started to take long slow strokes. Mary was moaning loudly and before long Jeff added his load to my wife's already cum filled cunt. They pulled apart and we all sat back and took a deep breath. Vance said, "I can't believe that we just did that...that was fantastic, thank you!" That sentiment was quickly echoed by Jeff and Pete.
We all got cleaned up and put on our underwear and Mary went upstairs to get cleaned up. When came back down the wearing the robe but it was open and left her breasts and swollen vagina exposed. We all sat down and had a drink and relaxed. Vance asked Mary if she'd had a good time and she said, "yes, wonderful. I don't know how many times I came, but it was a bunch, thank you, all of you, for being so nice and considerate."
They all assured her that the pleasure was all theirs and thanked her profusely. Vance said his wife had only ever had his penis in her mouth 3 times and had been NOTHING like that!
We sat and talked, about sex, for a while and then Mary got up and took Pete's hand and led him back into the living room. At this point he was the only one that hadn't been inside her pussy. She got down on her knees and peeled his boxers off and started to suck his ½ hard penis. We watched as she brought his cock to its full erect length. Then she stood up and bent over the arm of the chair and said, "I want all of you to take me, one after the other, I'm really wet so don't waste time, fuck me hard and fast."
Pete stood up and followed Mary's instructions to the letter. When he came he pulled out and I slid right in behind him and pounded her wet cunt until I came deep inside her. When I pulled out Vance was waiting, rigid cock in hand and he plunged right in and added his semen the mess in her cunt. When he pulled out Jeff quickly took his place and Mary was so wet that he slid his huge cock right in, all the way to his balls, and he started to fuck her senseless. She screamed as she was coming as he finished inside her.
When Jeff pulled out of Mary we all sat back and looked at the glorious sight of her wide ass, and swollen, gaping pussy leaking cum from the 4 of us. It was a very erotic sight and we all just sat silently and enjoyed the moment.
Finally, Mary found her voice and said, "the first time was incredible, but this time was...off the charts. I'd like to see what the third time might be like, but I don't think my system could take it" as we all laughed and agreed! Then Vance said, "was 4 in a row better than 2?" Mary quickly said 4 had been incredible and then Vance asked her if she'd like to try more than 4 guys she said, "I'll have to think on that."
We talked for a while and when I looked at my watch I saw that it had gotten very late. Time does fly when you're having fun. Mary reiterated that she'd had great time and suggested that the next time we got together maybe we should skip the cards and just play. That seemed like a good idea to everybody and we set date for the next get together in 4 weeks. Mary walked the guys to the door, thanking them again and giving them all big hugs.
When they were gone we sat down and talked for a long time. Mary said that she really had enjoyed herself but felt sort of selfish. I assured her I'd enjoyed it as much as she had. Then she laughed and said she was going to be sore, in the morning.
As it turned out, it was actually 6 weeks before we all got together again and then things were a bit different. You can read all about that it our upcoming story "Scott and Jill come to visit, chapter 3."