"What the hell?!" Jonathan said as he spat out the slimy, gooey thing he had taken a bite out of. The strange, gray goo fell back into his plate.
Ellie chuckled—her version of laughing out loud. Where Jonathan was full of passion and prone to extreme emotions, Ellie often seemed closer to an android; always relaxed in a state of calm neutrality. Their appearances reflected that too: he had bright blonde hair and blue eyes, while she had dark brown hair and dark brown eyes.
"This is a French restaurant," she said, pointing to their surroundings. "You don't like French food?"
"What is this?!"
"Snail."
"I didn't order snail!"
"I did." He noticed the little smile in the corner of her lips. Most people wouldn't be able to detect it—her mannerisms were too subtle for most people to notice, but Jonathan had directed her in four movies, by this point. He was great actor's director, one who could detect the smallest details in an actor's demeanor. "When I was going to the bathroom after we ordered, I told the waiter to add a little something for you: snail shoved inside your steak."
Jonathan deflated like a ball. She had gotten him, again. "Will you ever stop with your pranks?"
"Never." Asking Ellie Price to stop her pranks was like asking a fish to live out of water. Mischief was her favorite pastime; always fucking with people and delighting in their annoyance. Her secret was her demeanor: no one would ever expect this quiet, calm, hoodie wearing young woman in the corner to cause any trouble.
"How the hell did they agree to shove snail inside a steak anyway? Food is sacred to the French."
"Artsy movies too, and they really liked our last one. I'm pretty sure the waiter recognized me from Annie's Stay. Probably why he agreed."
"There's no way he recognized you. Most actors just play roles, but you disappear into yours. Annie, Mila, Therese, Fran, none of them feel like you."
"You can thank method acting," Ellie said. "It's effective, but it's hard." Saying that brought her flashbacks of Annie's Stay, the last film she had worked on with Jonathan. Boy, what a heavy role that had been. A post WWII setting, a holocaust survivor character, themes of trauma and PTSD...
"You didn't have to go that deep," Jonathan remarked, noticing the lingering heaviness on Ellie's face.
"If I hadn't, your movie wouldn't have been as good."
She didn't regret a single second of that experience, but it had been heavy. Method acting meant becoming the character, feeling that character's emotions, and never breaking character for the entire duration of a shoot. After the first two weeks of shooting Annie's Stay, Ellie had been diagnosed by her psychologist with very real side-effects of trauma, stress, and PTSD. None of these problems, she suffered from, but her deep dive into Annie's broken mind had taken a very real toll on her mind.
Hence her one year long pause from acting. She had needed to recuperate, both in mind and body, and especially get back all the weight she had lost. Her doctors had panicked after Annie's Stay—Ellie's normal physique was already lithe and petite, and her weight loss during the previous film had turned her into an unrecognizable skeleton.
Thankfully, she now was back to the petite, lithe brunette she was, with the physique of one who jogged every day and ate healthy. Ellie jokingly referred to Annie's Stay as "losing what little tits I had to begin with," though no one could ever tell the difference there. Her clothing style was that of a homeless man: baggy cargo pants, hoodies too big for her and running shoes.
That was Ellie's secret for not losing her mind: she could explode into a kaleidoscope of emotions when shooting movies, crying, and screaming and laughing without exhausting her psyche because her usual self was calmer than the Dalai Lama himself. Take Buddha, the Dalai Lama, the Jedis from Star Wars, and the Christian monks in their monasteries, add up all their peacefulness, add to it just a little bit of mischief, and you would get Ellie Price.
"So, any roles you're thinking of taking up?" Jonathan asked, putting aside his disgusting steak, and focusing instead on the vegetables.
Ellie played with her food a bit. The fork pushed aside some puree and legumes. "I don't know..." she mumbled. "Got a few offers for big budget films, the superhero ones, but they're not my type. I like small films with small teams."
"So, no interesting roles lately?"
"There have been. I was offered a few, read the scripts... They weren't bad, they were interesting, but... Not unique, you know? Not challenging."
She wanted roles that completely challenged her own sense of self, characters she could disagree with completely, whose worldviews could be completely contrary to hers. The beauty of acting was empathy—it was about stepping into the shoes of people you had nothing in common with and expressing their plight and sorrow with enough passion to drive audiences to tears.
"What about you?" she asked. "Got another film coming up?"
"I actually do," he said with a smile. "Just finished the script, now I'll start casting." His smile fainted a little. "I'll say it upfront so that you're not disappointed, but... there's really no characters in it that I would see you playing. We'll have to wait for the next film to work together."
"Aw, shucks," she said, all smiles and high spirits. "No hard feelings, don't worry." Ellie did her best to hide her disappointment. Jonathan was her favorite director—he had the juiciest roles and the most challenging scripts. "So, what is it about?"
"It's called Obsession," he whispered, leaning towards her with trepidation. "The film follows two protagonists, Peter and Julie. They both have sex addiction, and the movie explores their addiction and how they live with it. Peter is addicted to dominatrixes, he can't stop spending his money on them, he falls in love with them, obsesses over them. He can't form relationships with women unless they dominate and humiliate him."
He took a sip of water, recuperating some of his breath before resuming: "Then you have Julie, tall, blonde, beautiful, can get any man she wants, but she has an obsessive oral fixation, and just like Peter, she can't form relationships with men unless she's sexually submissive towards them. She could get any man she wants, and yet she spends her time blowing every single man in her life, all of them. Her coworkers, her neighbors, the mailman... She has platonic male friends that she tried having normal friendships with, and over the course of the film, she can't keep it up and she just has to blow them too. So Peter's theme is the whips and the leather, and Julie's is, to put it bluntly, penises in her mouth."
Ellie had to exhale jokingly. "Wow," she said. "That's a lot. Daring movie, huh?" That was pure praise to Jonathan's ears, and it made him smile proudly. "What about the sex scenes? Are they gonna be real?"
"I wish everything on camera could be real, but there's no way I could find high caliber actors who would do it. I could get porn actors, but then you lose the high caliber acting."
Shame, Ellie thought. She was a method actress, after all, she liked her films raw and real. "Well, I know you'll knock it out of the park. Hey, send me the script tonight. I'd like to read it. Won't have a role in it, so at least I can enjoy it as the audience."
"Sure thing."
They spent some more time catching up, and eventually, finished their dinners and said goodbye to one another. Ellie returned to her apartment around 11am. Before she could change into her baggy pajamas and jump into bed, her cellphone vibrated. Jonathan had sent her Obsession's script. She was tired and the bed was more than welcoming, but that story he had described to her... well, it wouldn't leave her mind.
"Just a few pages," she thought to herself.
She sat on her armchair in the living room, not even bothering to turn on the lights. After the first page was read, she knew she'd have to read all of it in one go. Ellie poured herself a glass of wine and hungrily devoured the digital pages on her cellphone. The script was interesting, but it was one half of it that fascinated her: Julie's half. She soon found herself skipping Peter's scenes and jumping with trepidation into Julie's. It was... incredible.
Julie was obsessed with it—sucking cock. The scenes described her heart beating as she couldn't take it anymore, as the madness of arousal took over her and turned her into a crazed animal for whom the absence of cock in her mouth was an unbearable feeling. Ellie imagined putting herself in that situation—heart beating, breathing hard and fast, almost like during a panic attack or an overwhelming feeling of anxiety. What a difficult emotion to convey realistically. What a challenge it would be.
This character... Julie... she was probably the oddest, strangest character Ellie had ever come across. After all, what was the first rule of creative writing? A character with a relatable motivation. No matter who the character was—hero, villain or just a supporting character in the back. If the audience couldn't relate to them, then they couldn't care for them and their plight, and their investment in the movie would fail. Why did audiences love Luke Skywalker and Cinderella? Because their motivations were understandable—to do something more with one's life, to find a better life free of suffering... anyone could understand that.
But... sucking cock? That vulgar, basic sexual act as the entire theme, motivation and driving force of a character? How the hell could someone make this work without turning the movie into an absurd comedy? She remembered some terrible movie from the 90's, a comedy where there was a female character in a wheelchair. Her running gag throughout the film? She wanted to suck the protagonists' penis. A funny joke, everyone laughed at it, and why wouldn't they? A woman wanting to suck cock? Actively desiring it and yearning for it? Well, that was absurd—there could be no reason on earth why a woman would want to suck cock... right?
And now Ellie was reading this complex, riveting character study. And somehow, this absurd desire seemed far less so, all the sudden. Julie made sense as a character. She suffered from anxiety, stress and constant pressure from her job, her taxes she had to pay, her rent... And she found temporary respite from all that stress in a simple thing: hard cocks in her mouth.
Julie was sexually submissive—she wanted to feel dominated, taken control of and owned by someone else. Blowjobs gave her that feeling better than anything else. She could be on her knees, lower, pleasuring and servicing a man that dominated her. The script described how the physical act itself was rewarding to her—the cock was hard and warm, comforting, something strong and solid, like a rock.
In a life full of responsibility, stress and uncertainty where everything could suddenly take a turn for the worst, Julie used blowjobs as a calming mechanism: for a few minutes, sometimes hours, she could be free from responsibility, and these hard, solid cocks were like rocks in the river of her life—stable anchors amid chaos. She could just close her mind to all her troubles, escaping the burden of strength and exchanging it, willingly, for a vulnerable, obedient place, one where she didn't have to lead and take all the decisions, where she could let someone take charge and make her feel guided.
In the script, Julie would drag coworkers from her office into the bathroom in the middle of the day and throw herself to her knees—she would go hang out with platonic male friends she had known for years, men with whom her relationship had not had a shred of sexual tension, and beg to suck their cocks.
She was this strange, conflicted and vulnerable character who willingly turned herself into the filthiest of whores. One who, desperate and begging, stripped herself naked in front of all the men in her life and made herself sexually submissive to them. There were intense emotional scenes, ones where Julie, at the height of stress and anxiety, would find so much relief in sucking cock that she would cry and bawl her eyes out from joy while sucking off dozens of men.
The visual component was amazing: Julie was always naked during the blowjobs and the men weren't. Ellie read, captivated, a scene where Julie dragged her male coworkers into an office, closing the door and tearing her clothes off from desperation. It fascinated her—Julie's clothes felt like a prison to her, a prison that signaled equality with the men whilst she wanted to be their submissive. Jonathan's writing described her thought process, how her clothes suffocated her, how she needed them off, desperately, as if they were insects eating her skin alive.
Ellie imagined herself internalizing these thoughts. Not just playing the exterior emotions as normal actors did, but actually feeling them, feeling them in the deepest part of her soul through method acting. Any actor could convincingly shake their hands and put on a desperate face, but that wasn't Ellie's way. A typical actor would find a way to make their facial expression and body language believable, and through the believability of these things, the audience would understand what was going on inside.
But Ellie didn't focus on the outside—she started from the INSIDE. If she could get herself to think the character's thoughts and feel the character's emotions, then the tears and the facial expressions would come naturally, all by themselves. And that was the highest form of acting one could witness.
Ellie imagined applying this method to Julie. To cry out of joy because of a cock in her mouth... to convincingly portray the relief, the joy, the bliss of sucking cock... what an unheard-of acting exercise... What an unusual challenge... And what a difficult challenge. It was easy to convince an audience that a male character would enjoy getting blown, no one would question that. You wouldn't need to convince an audience that a woman would enjoy getting eaten out. People would readily accept these ideas in a movie, even if the acting were to be terrible.
But to convince an audience that a female character enjoys sucking cock to the point of tears? That she can't stop while the men beg her to, exhausted? That it is her favorite pastime in the world, that she enjoys it more than being penetrated? That would be an incredible challenge for the film. The script and filmmaking would have to sell the idea perfectly, but without a pitch-perfect performance from Julie... no one would believe it.
By midnight, Ellie had put down her cellphone after finishing the script. Her glass of wine was empty. Her apartment's living room was engulfed in darkness. Outside, behind the transparent glass curtain wall, she could see the city's skyscrapers shining brightly. Well... she had finished reading the script. From there, she could do nothing but wait for Jonathan to cast the actors, shoot the movie and release it.
And then, she would go to the premiere and watch Julie's story on screen. Julie... The most fascinating character she had come across since Annie. And even then, Annie was more than typical—a gentle, sweet survivor of trauma. Julie was a lively, sexy, seductive nymphomaniac addicted to BDSM, submission and giving blowjobs. How many times had Julie seen such a character—one who tore her clothes off out of desperation to suck off platonic male friends?
In that moment, Ellie felt some jealousy. She knew that whenever the actress would be cast, her jealousy would worsen. Such a strange and...risky character to play. Ellie loved characters that one had to struggle to relate to—characters it wasn't easy to agree with on every single point... Ellie could not ignore the obvious. As an actress, she was part of an industry with a dark, dark past. Thankfully, she had never endured the horrors so many of her female peers had lived through, but still... To have a female protagonist who loved sexual submission towards men, whose favorite hobby was worshipping cock... There was a tension there, given the film industry's recently uncovered crimes. Tension and controversy... These things attracted Ellie like light attracted moths.
Suddenly, she felt her hands grab her cellphone, and a second later, she was calling Lara. Her profile picture appeared on Ellie's screen as her phone rang, along with her name, Lara Huang, showing the beautiful woman with her enormous black ponytail. "Please answer, please..." Ellie thought. Lara always went to sleep around midnight. There was a chance she could be awake, and Ellie hoped it would be the case, because she didn't want to wait until morning to talk with Lara. Thankfully, her friend answered.
"Ellie?" the tired voice said. "It's midnight..."
"I know, I'm sorry. I just really, REALLY need to talk."
"Is everything OK?"
"Yeah, yeah, don't worry. I just... I was thinking about something. How can you... how can you justify being sexually submissive to men in 2021?"
She heard an exasperated groan. "Oh God, no... You're gonna start criticizing me too? I already have to deal with asshole men calling me a slut and radical feminists patronizing me, Ellie, I'm tired of debating whether I have internalized misogyny or not, and I'm certainly not in the mood to do it at midnight!"
"Nononono, Lara, listen to me, it's not that at all! I'm not here to criticize you, promise. I never had anything against BDSM, you know that. You're a porn actress, Lara, how the hell could I have been your friend all these years if I was all sex-negative?"
She heard Lara take a deep breath and exhale. "Phew... But then, why are you asking me this?"
Ellie rose a little as she sat on the armchair—her fatigue from the day had disappeared and her mind was now as fresh as if it was morning. "I've just been thinking about BDSM a little. Now you know me, I'm not kinky, you could barely even call me sexual."
Lara chuckled. "Yeah, how many times per year did you say you have sex? Five or ten?"
"Five or ten, yeah. Listen, I never wore anything sexy in my life, all my sexual experiences were basic as fuck... I'm not a sex-negative or a sex-positive feminist, I literally don't have an opinion on these things. I'm just a live and let live feminist. But... I've started thinking about BDSM, ok? And I just... I'm not sure I get it, dude. Like... You're for equality, right?"
"Of course I am."
"I know you are, you're one of the biggest feminists I know. But you've got to understand—from the point of view of someone who never did BDSM; it doesn't make sense. It looks hypocritical. Like, how can you denounce sexism during the day and then get spanked by a man at night?"
She heard Lara sigh, then take a deep breath. Ellie knew that as a submissive, BDSM porn actress, Lara had faced opposition from all sides: men objectifying her, calling her a slut and insulting her; and at the other end of the spectrum, sex-negative feminists calling her at best a victim of a patriarchy she didn't understand, and at worse, a traitor who was complicit in the preservation of sexism. Being Asian just added another layer to that burden of guilt heaped upon her—many in her community accused her of continuing the stereotype of Asian women being submissive. That sigh Ellie had just heard was the sigh of someone who had had to defend and justify herself a thousand times over, and was tired of it.
"God, where to start?" she said with that thick British accent of hers. "What's that video game you're into? The one you forced me to play the other day, the one with the guns?"
"Call of Duty."
"Right, that one. You play that game. I guess you're pro-war, then."
"What? No, I've always believed in pacifism, you know that."
"But you play war video games... You shoot people and maim them and blow up their fucking heads. So you're pro-war and pro-violence."
"It's a game, Lara..."
"There you go." Lara didn't say anything more, and after a moment, Ellie understood. "BDSM is a game, not a political manifesto on gender roles. Getting spanked by a guy I like doesn't mean I want to lose the right to vote, or that I should stay in the kitchen. It only means one thing: that I like to get spanked by a guy I like. End of story."
Ellie went silent for a bit in order to think, at one point telling Lara she was still there and asking her not to hang up. "OK, your point makes sense, but... I'm still... not completely comfortable doing BDSM in a society with so much sexism."
"Woah, woah, wait a second!" Lara's tired voice disappeared, and she started giggling. "Are you interested in trying in BDSM?"
"What if I am?"
"Well, it's just... surprising... I mean, coming from you. You just don't look the BDSM type, like at all." Ellie chuckled. When it came to how she looked and her demeanor, she looked like an android devoid of any understanding of sex, and she wasn't particularly into it either. "OK, here's how I'll put it: if you're a woman in 2021, and you're into dominating men, you're fucking lucky, you're the luckiest you could ever be. You were born at the right time, and your fetishes lines up perfectly with what activism wants to hear. You can talk about it openly, you can scream it on top of rooftops, and the media will give you a voice and make a point of celebrating you."
"And if I'm into being dominated by men?"
"Then it's bad luck, honey. You're in an awkward fucking position. All the work you've done to fight for your rights, all the times you've stood up to sexism, all the actual, tangible efforts you've made for equality... poof. Gone. No one will care. They'll see you on your knees in front of a man, and that's the only thing they'll focus on. If you like dominating men, you only have to deal with sexism, and you have the full support of activists behind you. If you like being dominated by men... then you'll have to face sexism AND a large portion of the movement that's supposed to be on your side. Girls like me, we get twice the amount of shit, and a lot of it is from our own sisters. When you're like me, you often feel alone."
Ellie listened as she went to the fridge to pour herself some more wine. What Lara was describing to her wasn't the brightest, most positive picture ever. There was a lot of harsh truth there.
"Truth is Ellie, you'll be an embarrassment to many women. They'll see you as an awkward taint on women's rights. And there's lots of men out there who will love you for the wrong reasons—they'll see your submission as the proof that deep down, all women want to be inferior, because again; lots of people go by this logic that if you kill in video games, then you must be violent."
"Lots of idiots," Ellie muttered.
"Well, the world's full of them. When I shoot my BDSM porn, I know that somewhere, there's a woman pitying me and seeing a brainwashed victim. And I know that somewhere else, there's some pathetic sexist feeling vindicated as I suck a cock with a collar on. He's frustrated that women called him out for his sexism, he's angry that women aren't as obedient as he'd like them to be, so he watches BDSM and tells himself: I knew it; deep down, women want men to take control of them, I was right all along. It's the video game logic."
Ellie drank a whole glass of wine. The problems with Julie's character were now fully evident—not her character as in her personality, but the character itself; what she could represent. Or rather, what people would choose to see through her.
"Intentions are one thing," Ellie mused, "but interpretation is another."
"That's right. You have your intentions when you do something, Ellie, but people can always choose to interpret it their own way. You can't change that."
"Yeah... It's what scares me about BDSM. I don't want to enable men who'll twist it the wrong way."
"Well, if you're going to keep it in the private eye, just find a guy who you know is not a sexist and do it with him. You wouldn't date a misogynist to start with anyway."
Yeah well, there was the rub... What Ellie had in mind... it wouldn't be in the private eye... What she considered dealt with the most public of contexts. What she considered dealt with screens projecting images across the entire planet.
"Listen honey, I get you," Lara said. "It's a mindfucking thing. Being sexually submissive to men, given everything that's going on these days... it's awkward. You can't act like it's not—it's in an awkward danger-zone, like a minefield. You'll just have to deal with that."
After that, Lara declared she had to go to sleep. Ellie thanked her for the convo and hung up. Now she was alone again, engulfed in the darkness of her room and the darkness of an uncertain mind. But just like the downtown's skyscrapers shone outside, there were still rays of light in Ellie's mind. There had to be ways... there just HAD to be ways with which Julie could do all the things she did, and still send a clear, healthy message; one no imbeciles could distort.
Yes. There had to be. Ellie had liked Julie from the moment she had read the first page. Now she was loving her; loving her for what she represented. Nuance. Complexity. A message that wasn't simplistic and reductive. There had to be ways for Julie to suck cocks left and right and still align with the values Ellie believed in.
She poured herself another glass of wine, drank it all in one go, and then called Jonathan. Directors never turned-on silent mode during the night—there could always be an urgent call from a producer, or a change of plans from the studio. The phone rang for a little bit, but then he finally picked it up.
"Urgh..." he groaned, all sleepy. "Who is it?"
"Hey, Jonathan. It's Ellie."
"Ellie... Oh, Ellie, hey. Why are you calling so late? Wanna apologize for the snail prank? It's weighing that heavy on your conscience?"
She chuckled. "You know I won't do that. No, I'm calling for something else... I wanna, uh..." Fuck. For the last seven years, she had always been offered roles. Becoming a renowned, respected actress meant you didn't need to go to directors—directors came to you. Ellie took another sip of wine to rid herself of her embarrassment, then spoke. "I read Obsession's script. I really loved it, especially Julie's part. And... well... Jonathan... I would really... REALLY love to play Julie."
There was a silence at the other end of the line for a moment. "Oh, Ellie, I'm... I'm flattered, really. You're the best actress I've ever worked with, by far, you know that. It's just... you don't really fit Julie's casting."
"Physically? The script just says she's blonde, I can dye my hair. And yeah, it says she has a hot body, but... Well Joe, you don't really know what my body's like. I always dress super baggy and tomboy, and my costumes in the other movies covered me a lot."
"I don't mean just physically. It's... your energy, the feeling you bring on screen... Ellie, can I ask you a personal question?"
"Sure."
"Are you like, asexual?"
Ellie chuckled. "It's the vibe I give off, I know. It's how I dress and act. But no, I'm not. Listen, you know me, I'm a method actress. I can completely transform into a role. Annie and the other women I played did have an energy more like mine, I recognize that. But Jonathan... I can play Julie better than anyone else."
Jonathan sounded really awkward on the other end of the line. "Ellie... I really can't see it. At all."
"I'll prove it to you," she said. "Let me audition. Please, just let me audition, at least give me a chance."
He must have heard the uncharacteristic trepidation in her voice. The always calm, always quiet Ellie had now a lively, shaky voice. "Ok," he said, still unconvinced. "We're starting the auditions Monday. Are you free?"
She had to meet another director for a possible role—a prestigious role in a prestigious period film. That director was a great one, but she was also renowned for her ferocious temper. If Ellie cancelled the appointment, she would surely lose the role.
"Yeah," she said. "I'm free Monday."
"Alright, then. See you Monday."
After hanging up, Ellie took a deep breath. Julie was HER character. And no one else would play her.
***
It was Sunday morning. She had slept four hours, woken up at 8, and decided she could wait no longer. Ellie was now dressed in her every day, baggy attire, looking like a hoodlum, and was walking out of her car to her destination: The Sex City. She entered the sex shop and promptly headed for the BDSM section. There, a young woman welcomed her with a professional smile.
"Can I help you? Are you looking for anything in particular?"
"Yes," Ellie said, with her trademark calm that hid the excitement she was feeling. "I'd like to see your collars. Also, do you have these suction dildos? The ones you can put on walls? I'd like one, please."
***
Ellie was back home, and the living room's heater was set to a higher temperature than normal. The reason was simple: normally, she wore clothes at home. The thespian took off her shoes, socks, and clothes in front of the large, glass curtain wall, stripping naked before the city downtown. Thankfully, she was an art film actress, not a big studio star—paparazzi's bothered celebrities, and she wasn't one.
She looked at her reflection in the glass and smiled.
Ellie was toned and fit thanks to daily exercise and a healthy diet. Lara was ten times hotter than she was, with her perfect large breasts and Playboy model body, but Ellie had stopped feeling jealous of her a long time ago. She was more than proud of her own physique, now; a lithe, firm, and healthy-looking physique. Plus, there was much more than the body when it came to looking sexy. A lot of it was in the attitude.
Well... that was something Ellie had little experience in. Everyone described her as androgynous. Her attitude and demeanor were that of a tomboy seventeen-year-old, hardly that of a confident, feminine woman who could seduce men left and right. Not that this was a problem: she was an actress, and one of the best ones in the industry. Still completely naked, Ellie walked over to her laptop and searched for "nude model posing," on the Internet.
For a whole hour, she watched videos upon videos of naked models posing sensually for the camera, analyzing their every movement and every single detail of their body language. She assimilated their gestures and applied them to herself, arching her back, straightening her posture, exaggerating her curves with slight changes to her pose. After that, she turned towards the curtain wall again. Ellie's heart stopped.
The window washers were there, and they were looking at her dumbfoundedly. Oh God... She knew them too. Well, not personally, they had never spoken, obviously, but they would show up every Sunday, and Ellie would always wave at them and show them what she was cooking herself that day—a cute little interaction they always had. Hell, did they even know she was a girl and not a young boy? Given how she usually looked, with her hoodie covering most of her face and her demeanor, they must have thought she was a fellow male, albeit a slightly effeminate one. That would have explained their aghast looks as they looked from behind the window.
Ellie realized they had to have been looking for a few minutes now—minutes during which she had her back to them, doing little sexy dance moves as she was leaning towards her laptop screen. The window washers had had a great, sexy look at her ass. It was extremely embarrassing... but Ellie didn't run away or cover up.
"I'm Julie," she told herself. Julie would relish in showing off her bare body. Instead of running away, Ellie stood her ground and smiled, applying the body language she had just analyzed. She stood in front of the window washers, proud and sexier than she had ever felt, and started to walk towards them sensually.
They just looked at her, dumbfounded as they floated in the middle of the air. "I'm sexy," Julie told herself. "I'm beautiful, I'm hot and I can seduce any man I want." She brought herself to the curtain wall and turned around, pressing her bare bottom against the glass and rubbing herself up and down the window like strippers did against their dancing poles. Ellie then turned around to show off her full-frontal nudity some more, running her hands across her chest and her tits, biting her lips and making her eyes flirtatious.
It was so fun. The three men were literally hypnotized—she could control exactly where their eyes went just like you could control a cat's head by dangling a shiny object in front of its face. Ellie had just turned these guys into mindless, drooling drones with nothing but her bare body and her attitude. It felt so powerful. SHE felt so powerful. Finally, she turned around once more, leaned forward, and pressed her ass against the glass, miming a slapping gesture to them. Chuckling, the three men "slapped" the glass.
"Am I sexy?" she screamed, loud enough that the guys were able to make out what she was saying.
They nodded and gave her thumbs up—she was more than sexy, that much was clear.
"Okay, enough," Ellie laughed, feeling her cheeks go red. She signaled for them to go, and they did. "Phew," the actress went. Wow. That was something else. She couldn't believe she had just made a total slut out of herself in front of window washers. More than that, she couldn't believe how fun it had been.
Her stomach growled, but she didn't have time to make herself another salad—she had an entire identity to learn. Ellie quickly ordered a pizza on the phone and moved on to her next task. She put on the leather collar she had bought, and then placed the suction cup dildo against the curtain wall. Ellie walked to the other end of the room and stared at the dildo. It stood horizontally against the glass window, staring at her. She felt like she was in an Old West showdown, like a cowboy staring at her opponent.
"Okay," she thought, closing her eyes and putting herself in Julie's shoes, even though ironically, Julie was always barefoot during blowjobs, taking off all her clothes to increase the asymmetry between her and the men she blew. "This cock is all I want. It's all I need. Nothing else exists. It's my goal, it's my objective, and there is nothing else."
Ellie opened her eyes and looked at the dildo again. She focused on all the uncertainties in her life and all the things that brought her stress. She had not played a role for a whole year now, and that was risky for an actress. Move out of the spotlight for too long, and you'll be less desirable. Actors who kept working all the time kept getting jobs. What if that sabbatical year she had enjoyed would end up destroying her career?
And she had cancelled her appointment with the other director for Monday. That director wasn't gonna take it well—she had lost that part, and maybe that director would give her a bad name. Maybe a rumor would start to spread: Ellie Price cancels her appointments, she can't be trusted, she's not punctual, don't bother contacting her...
And now she was fighting to be cast as a submissive cocksucker. What if she DID get the role? What if the movie would get lambasted left and right, and she would be decried for playing a sexist, pathetic character who would be seen as the ultimate symbol of internalized misogyny?
All those things brought her stress levels up, so much so that Ellie was now genuinely reconsidering playing the part of Julie. But it was only temporary stress, the sort one could easily stop by listening to some music or thinking about something else. Ellie would chase away her stress by closing her eyes and doing some breathing exercises, but she wasn't Ellie, now. She was completely naked with nothing but a collar on. She was Julie. And Julie's method for calming herself down was there, stuck to the glass wall.
"It's not just a cock," Ellie told herself. "It's a hard cock. It's hard, and juicy, and thick, and I want it in my mouth so bad. Think like Julie, think like Julie." Sucking cock was more than sucking cock for Julie. Sucking cock didn't mean wrapping her lips and moving her head until the man ejaculated and her chore was finally done, it meant more. Sucking cock was an experience—it was a way to close all thoughts, to focus on something simple and peaceful, a repetitive, hypnotic action that brought her relaxation.
Like yoga. There it was—Ellie had found the perfect parallel to her own life. She felt the stress she had conjured up running through her body, and now she needed to get rid of it. Ellie went on all fours, slowly, and started crawling towards the cock. The closer it got; the faster Ellie wanted to get to it. The actress reached it and wrapped her lips around it, filling her mouth with it. She closed her eyes and focused on nothing but the cock, losing herself in the repetition, the texture of the dildo, how it felt in her mouth. After a while, the stress lessened, and she thought almost only about the blowjob.
But something was missing. Ellie could see what Julie liked about it; she could understand it, but she could also tell something was missing. This was just a dildo. There was no overwhelming feeling of testosterone above her, no strong and manly presence, no personality, no background, no prior history. That's why Julie didn't just go around sucking off any phallic shaped objects, she needed to suck actual cocks attached to actual men. There was another element from the script that was missing—the hands on her head. Julie LIVED for a man's protective caress of her hair, or his violent grabbing and pulling of it. Ellie needed to experience how that felt.
She caressed her own hair while sucking, then tried pulling it. Didn't really work. She could lie and pretend many things as an actress, but there was still a reason why actors needed to work together.
The doorbell rang. Pizza was here. Ellie had completely forgotten about her hunger, but now she had an idea. She walked up to the door and opened it.
"Hey, Ellie Price, all-dressed?" the delivery guy looked up and went mute.
"Evidently not all dressed," Ellie quipped with a smile, posing in the entrance like a playboy model. She looked at the delivery man—he was her age, somewhere in his late 20's, and his look was a cross between a lumberjack and a hippie, with a long red beard, a little bit of a belly and strong looking arms. "Yeah..." she mumbled to herself. "You'll do."
"Do for what?" he mumbled.
"Shut up and come in," she said, dragging him inside and closing the door behind her.
"Uh, ma'am?"
"I said shut up." She put the pizza box on her kitchen counter and took the delivery boy's hand, dragging him into the living room. The poor, confused guy noticed the dildo on the glass wall. "OK, so I'm getting into BDSM and I have literally zero experience in it. Just hold my hair while I suck the dildo, ok?"
"What?"
"Hold my hair, it's not complicated." Ellie went on all fours again and untied her ponytail. Her hair fell loose across her bare shoulders, and she threw an impatient look at the still confused young man. "Come on." Hesitant, he brought his fingers to her hair and grabbed them lightly. Ellie rolled her eyes and threw him another look. "Dude. Seriously?" The befuddled lumberjack tightened his hold on her hair, enough that Ellie could now feel "owned" by him. "Perfect!"
And she threw her mouth on the dildo once again, sucking it passionately with her eyes closed. Yes! Yes, it worked now! The guy's hand holding her hair while she sucked, it made it so much better! She felt degraded, humiliated, excited. Ellie was even starting to get a little aroused. Could it be that she was into being submissive? She had never been turned on thinking about it or had fantasies of the sort, but now that she was trying it out... it was kind of hot. Ellie could see why Lara and Julie would be into it.
"Uh, ma'am, I have like, ten other deliveries..."
"Mmh... shut the fuck up. Mmhh..."
"Ma'am..."
"I said shut the fuck up and keep holding my hair, mgrlmgmb... You want your tip or not?"
"I'm gonna get in trouble if I don't do those deliveries."
"Like I fucking care. Touch my ass."
"What?!"
She arched her back and shook her hips, bringing attention to her ass. "Caress it. Go."
Ellie needed to know Julie's thoughts. In the script, Julie loved stripping naked for any man and letting them touch her body. The character loved this feeling of utter and complete degradation, of feeling so easy and low that any random man could fondle all her bare body. The delivery guy felt up her ass, a little awkwardly at first, but then he was getting into it. He kept asking her permission to leave, but she wouldn't grant it.
Oh, it wasn't just that she needed a guy around to help her get in the BDSM mood—it was her prankster side too. She just liked fucking with people, ruining their plans and annoying them. Was it mean? Yeah. Did she care? Nope. Ellie was skilled in two arts: acting and trolling, and sometimes, she wondered if she was a better troll than an actress.
"Mmmm... Guh... Spank me."
This time, the lumberjack boy didn't act all surprised. He just chuckled in the face of the absurd situation and made a "whatever" gesture before slapping her ass. Ellie gave him an unimpressed look. It took a few more tries before the spanks were satisfactory. She nodded, all smiles and giggles, as the redhead pulled her hair with one hand and spanked her with the other. It hurt, but she liked it. "Yeah, OK," she thought. "I get it." Lara's profession was less of a mystery to her now—she understood what it was all about. It was naughty and fun to be someone's bitch like that.
After she was content, Ellie rose, her face flushed and her ass red. She was excited and a little aroused, but what had happened was more of a BDSM simulation than an actual situation. Maybe a more dominant and assertive guy could actually turn her wet. Ellie could genuinely see herself enjoying BDSM, now.
"Phew," she said. "That was fun. Thanks." She gave the delivery boy a little kiss on the lips. He was about to leave, but she stopped him. "It's a really big pizza," she said. "Wanna help me finish it?"
"Ma'am, I really need to go."
"I won't put my clothes on..." She raised an eyebrow and smiled. Lumberjack boy sighed. She had him by his erect cock.
***
"So, you're like Daniel Day-Lewis?" he asked as he was finishing the last pizza slice.
"Yeah. It's about becoming the character. It's easier in a way. Normal acting is about pretending realistically, but when you method act, you just need to become the character and you'll end up talking and reacting the way they would. You don't even need to think about it, at that point. It becomes automatic."
He was sitting on the armchair, and she was standing in front of him, leaning with her back against the kitchen counter, a glass of wine in her hand. Ellie was completely naked, not a stitch of clothing on her except for the collar. It made it fun. They were just talking casually, but the fact that she was naked and he wasn't, it brought another dimension to the situation. There was this continuously unacknowledged imbalance between them, like she was the naked slut always being eye candy to him. He could enjoy the sight of her bare body, and she enjoyed how submissive it made her feel. It felt unfair and asymmetrical. There was tension there. Two naked people having sex was symmetry and harmony. What she was experiencing was something unbalanced, tense and chaotic.
Nudity was one thing, but sexual nudity was another. She wasn't just acting like a nudist and pretending that her nudity wasn't a big deal. On the contrary: it WAS a big deal. Normally, Ellie's posture and demeanor were neutral, almost robotic. Now she felt more feminine and girly than ever before. There was a confident lightness to her movement—her body didn't slump around like it normally did, instead her movements floated and flew sensually, always slow and assured. After a while, she realized she was subconsciously channeling the body language of femme fatales from the noir films she loved—she felt like Marlene Dietrich. Ellie would have never thought she had it in her, to be so sexy and seductive.
And clearly, that seductive aura worked. She could tell Max, the pizza boy, was super attracted to her.
"Man," she whispered, holding the glass of wine against her lips. "I really want to get that part."
"There's no way you won't," Max said. "You're like... the sexiest girl I've ever met."
Ellie chuckled, embarrassed. No one had ever called her sexy, ever. What few men she had slept with had called her cute and sweet, but sexy? Who would have ever thought that Ellie Price, an actress renowned for her androgynous, asexual quality, could be a perfect embodiment of sexy, sensual femininity?
"Thanks," she said with a flirtatious smile. Max had to leave, as he was already in trouble with his boss, but before he could leave, Ellie walked up to him one last time. "I haven't tipped you yet," she said.
Ellie knelt at his feet, unzipped his pants, stuck his cock out of the fly and gave it one long, wet suck. She thanked him and they said goodbye. Max left her apartment. She had never actually sucked a cock before, so she wanted to start one step at a time. That one little suck had been fun, though. She almost felt like she wanted to call him in again and suck him off for real.
All her previous experiences had been the most basic of sex. Hey... Maybe that's why she had never been into sex. Maybe that's what had been missing all along—some spice, some pizazz, some excitement. As Ellie looked at herself in the glass wall, naked, feminine, sexy, and collared, she could actually see herself enjoying BDSM and cocksucking. Things were looking better than she had ever expected. At first, her plan had been to just understand BDSM, and thus to bridge the gap between her and Julie. Not only was she starting to understand it now... she was starting to like it.
"You'll see, Jonathan," she whispered, crawling towards the dildo with her mouth ready to suck. "You WILL give me that role."
***
She entered the studio Jonathan had rented for the auditions. They would take place over the course of three days, and would test about 70 participants. And who was the very first participant, called at the early hour of eight in the morning? Ellie.
He wanted to get rid of her at the very start, Ellie could tell that was his plan. Just let her audition, then move on to the actresses who actually fit the part. She was fighting an uphill battle. Auditions were twice as hard when the director didn't believe you could do the job.
She entered the main room—there was a white background where the auditionees would stand, and a table behind which Jonathan and Mark sat. Mark was Jonathan's trusted director of photography—he had lit and filmed all of Jonathan's movies. It was Mark's work that had elevated all of Ellie's tears and snot, recording them with beautiful lighting and shot composition.
"Hey Joe, hey Mark," Ellie said with a smile. At this point, Mark was one of her best friends alongside Jonathan—they had had many adventures making movies together for 5 years. He almost looked like Jonathan's brother too. His hair was brown, but always similar to Jonathan's, and his face was too. It was fitting, since they were close co-workers and best friends from the same film school.
It was that same film school that had acquainted Ellie with them—they had been doing a short film for their program at the age of twenty, and Ellie, who studied theater acting, had been cast in that short. Eight years later, they formed an unbreakable trinity, not just as colleagues, but as genuine friends. Every evening after a day of shooting, they would hang out in the same hotel room, play cards or watch TV... Just three dudes hanging out, one of these dudes being Ellie. Sometimes, she felt like they didn't even see her as a girl.
"Hey," Mark said. He squinted, unsure. Jonathan too, noticed what made Mark confused. "Are you wearing makeup?" Mark said.
"I am." Ellie placed herself in front of the white background and lowered her hoodie, revealing her long brown hair and her makeup; her pink glossy lipstick being the center of attention. She did cheat a little when it came to the eyelashes, putting on fake ones.
Well... SHE hadn't done anything, Lara had. The only time Ellie had ever worn makeup was for her college graduation, and her mom had helped. Trolling and acting were her great skills, not dealing with makeup. Thankfully, Lara had come over early in the morning and taken care of it for her. The lipstick was the centerpiece of the whole thing, for obvious reasons. Not only that, they brought attention to something no one had ever noticed, not even Ellie herself: she had some truly plump lips. Even Lara's weren't as plump.
"A cocksucker's lips," she had said, winking at Ellie. The latter felt anxious in the face of her own plan, but Lara had encouraged her to do it. "You'll blow them away," she had said.
"Yeah," Ellie chuckled, responding to Mark. "I'm wearing makeup. Julie, you know."
The men exchanged a look. Jonathan still looked awkward though, and he already had the look of someone who was sorry. He was basically preparing himself to say no to one his best friends.
"Ok," he mumbled. "So, I'll give you a page, and you just perform the lines the way you feel them, is that good?"
"No." The men turned to her confusedly. "I'm not gonna do that. Fuck your audition."
They looked at each other, and then at Ellie again. They were really, REALLY confused.
"What do you mean?" Mark asked.
The actress looked at them and smiled. Instead of answering, she slowly unzipped her hoodie, revealing her bare breasts underneath. Ellie took off the hoodie, revealing the collar she was wearing, then her shoes and socks, and then her pants. She stood stark naked in front of her coworkers and friends, a far cry from the Ellie they had always known. It was crazy to do that in front of them, but Julie was that crazy. That's exactly what Julie did—she loved to expose herself to all the men around her.
And truth be told, Ellie could now see why. The men looked at her completely aghast, and she knew in their eyes that they found her incredibly sexy. It was one thing to be found beautiful by men who desired you from the get go, but to switch from tomboy to girly hottie was like revealing a secret talent no one expected you to have. The fact that it was Jonathan and Mark, two buddies she had never seen as anything more than friends; that somehow made her sluttier. And feeling slutty felt good.
She walked over to them, slowly, making sure their gazes could linger on her nudity. Ellie walked around the table and placed herself next to Jonathan, taking her fingers and brushing his hair with them. Her tits were right in his face.
"Ellie?" Jonathan muttered, totally confused. Before he could talk some more, she placed her finger on his lips, smiling at him like femme fatales would in a film noir.
"Touch me," she whispered, placing herself between Mark and Jonathan. The utterly disoriented men didn't do anything, so she took their hands and brought them to her breasts. "Go on," she said. "You can touch all of it."
They were hard already, she could tell. And the harder they got, the less awkward their hands turned as they fondled her bare body. Jonathan was feeling up her ass while Mark was groping her breasts. They were so gentle about it, lightly brushing her skin as if they were scared she could break. It tickled a few times and made her giggle.
For eight years, they had known this buddy called Ellie, one of their "dudes" they drank beers with and made art together. Now she was a nude, collared, horny girl closing her eyes and smiling as they felt up her body, not saying a single word.
She leaned over to Mark and kissed his lips, then turned around and kissed Jonathan's.
"Ellie..." Jonathan whispered, flushed and hypnotized by her sensual stare. "What's going on?"
"Oh, nothing," she said, slowly sliding her hands across their jeans until her palms were on their respective erections. She squeezed a little, feeling their hard cocks, and smiled. "It's just, you called me here at eight in the morning. I didn't have time to eat breakfast at all..." Ellie looked Jonathan in the eye. "Now I'm hungry..."
She knelt on the floor—the studio's floor was cold and hard, but that was part of Julie's enjoyment too. In the script, Julie loved kneeling naked in the oddest of places; in some backstreet, in a parking, in the office... The cold, hard ground made her feel more degraded somehow, and Ellie fed that into her... acting.
"Ellie," Mark muttered, holding her hand and stopping her from opening his fly.
She looked up at them with a pleading look. "Please guys, I'm hungry. Please..." Confused, the men exchanged another look, asking each other with dumbstruck expressions what the fuck was going on. Ellie didn't relent. She began rubbing her face against their clothed erections like cats did when asking something from their owner. "I want to suck your cocks. Please. Please, please, please..."
She started moaning, and that's when they gave in. Mark's hand went away, and giggling, Ellie unzipped their pants, fumbled through the fly with her hands until she had found their cocks, and brought them out of the hole.
"Wow..." she whispered, genuinely impressed. They both had pretty large cocks. "I'm a lucky girl..."
And with that, she wrapped her plump lips around Jonathan's cock, and then Mark's, slowly and lovingly sucking them. "Mmmh... mmmhh..." She kept moaning as if what she had in her mouth was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted. Ellie kept telling herself to think like Julie, and after a while, these cocks did start tasting like the most delicious things she had ever tasted.
They were so thick and strong, and she felt so vulnerable the way she was—totally naked at the feet of two clothed men. But her vulnerability didn't scare her, because she had two strong, thick cocks to fill her mouth and make her feel protected. She felt them fill her mouth, felt them throb, all juicy and perfect. It was like her mouth was meant for that, like it had been created just to take those two cocks and worship them.
"Mmmm... Mark..." she moaned between two sucks while pleasuring Jonathan with her hand. "Mmmm... Mark... I love your cock..."
Then she leaned over to Jonathan and took his thick manhood into her wet, hungry mouth. "Mmmm... Jonathan... Mmmm... Why didn't you ever let me suck your before? Mmm... I love it so much..."
"Ellie," he said, breathing hard, "what's going on?"
She shook her head with plaintive moans, filling her mouth even more with their cocks. "Mmmgrglrgmmb... Don't wanna talk... Mmmgrgrglr... I just wanna suck cock... Mmmm... I want cock... Mmmm... I want cock..."
She stopped sucking and started kissing their cocks, kissing them so fast it felt like the kisses were a thousand a second. "Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah," she went, kissing and kissing and kissing on every part of their cocks, every inch and region, the shaft, the tip, going close to the balls. Then she went back to sucking them off, delighting in the overload of senses—the musky scent, the texture, the size making her choke and gag when she took the cocks far down her throat.
She could hear them breathe harder now, and their cocks were throbbing. Ellie turned her sucking faster—throwing her head up and down one shaft and moving to the other, back and forth, in a matter of seconds. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck. "I love cock." Suck.
On and on it went, until, finally, almost synchronized, they unloaded amounts of cum down her throat that Ellie did not think existed. Holy shit. Sucking cock was exhausting and hard but... so, SO much fun. She swallowed everything, and instead of stopping, she just kept sucking even faster, as if she was only beginning. She held on to their jeans and squeezed them tight so as not to fall, sucking their cocks as fast as she humanly could. She felt girly, and sexy and seductive, and vulnerable and submissive.
"Ellie..." Mark said, "we've got the auditions..."
"Mgrlrlrm... I don't care" Ellie said, salivating like a literal bitch with a bone in her mouth. "I'm not stopping. Mmm... I'm not stopping... Mmmmgrlgrlrg... I'm never stopping..."
"But Ellie..."
She looked up at him with a desperate stare, the stare of someone whose life depended on the situation. Ellie shook her head at him with his cock filling her mouth. "Please don't make me stop. Mmmmgrlgrlrg. Please... I want your cock."
She moved to Jonathan's cock and took it far into her mouth, gagging a little. She wasn't used to deep throating at all, but she had to learn. She had to. "I need to suck your cocks. Jonathan, Mark, I need them, I need them in my mouth, please, PLEASE let me keep sucking them." Ellie wrapped her lips around their shafts repeatedly, fucking their masculine hardness with her fragile, girly lips. "I need cock...guh...I need cock... guh...I need cock...guh...I need cock..."
Mark still wasn't sure. "Ellie..."
"It's OK," she then heard Jonathan say as his hand started caressing her hair. "No need for the auditions anymore. We've found our Julie."