Chapter 3 -- Introducing Sonia and Henri
It was early October, and the weather was perfect as far as I was concerned. One of the few things Tethys and I didn't quite see eye to eye about was the weather. I wasn't too fond of the summer heat, Tethys thrived in it, clung to it. As a nudist, she'd rather be naked in warm air than have to wear layers of clothing. This time of year, though, was one that we could both agree on. It had cooled down from its summer maximum, and was comfortable to lounge in. It was nice not to be dripping sweat just sitting around. It was still warm enough, though, for Tethys to cavort and enjoy the outdoors, the crowds had thinned out substantially at Hippie Hollow, and she reported that she and Carl were having some truly wild sexual experiences out there with fewer people to worry about offending. They still drew an audience for their exhibitionist romps, and sometimes she'd hand her phone to one of the viewers to video them while they fucked. By now, she and Carl knew enough of the regulars there to be aware of who to trust with those kind of porn videos. She always sent a copy to me, so I was able to enjoy her vicariously.
Her workouts were still as regular as ever, and her muscular development continued to progress. She was amazingly strong now, and her body was spectacular. Carl was doing a great job with her, and even had I been inclined to, it would be hard to argue that he hadn't earned all kinds of superb fucking experiences with her. We had a tight three-way relationship going, and I couldn't imagine anything knocking it off kilter.
Her mood was nearly always buoyant, almost to the point of being a Pollyanna. I did occasionally refer to her as Polyamorous Pollyanna, and she thought it was hilarious. It was hard not to laugh along with her, and I was grateful for the joy, brightness, and raw animal eroticism she brought to my life. After many years of sexual frustration, I was doing very well. I could still have usedmoresex, but I couldn't imagine havingbettersex. Sharing her with Carl was a small price to pay for the benefits my friend was providing.
Her art was also going well. She'd hit on a style that worked for her, and while she wasn't setting the world on fire with it, it was selling well enough. Her preferred medium was oil, which sometimes annoyed her. It dried slowly, the odor could be pervasive, and it took more prep work than modern acrylics. On the good side, it seemed to fetch higher prices, and she liked the textures and color ranges she could get from it. She'd gotten a couple of local galleries to start showing and selling her work, and she had a small online presence for selling prints. My house had also benefited. Once I was seeing Tethys regularly, I had decided that I could afford one of her paintings after all, so I commissioned her to do one for our bedroom. She wanted to do a nude couple representing us, walking through a flowery glade in the forest hand in hand, but she was unhappy with her skills in representing the nude form. "I'm so out of practice, I hate my style sometimes!" she groused. Eventually, she kept the couple, but clothed them in the flowing delicate robes that typically adorned her characters. I thought it was nice, but she wasn't happy with it.
"I owe this room a decent painting, one that's sufficiently sensuous and erotic," she insisted. "I need to get busy practicing doing nudes."
She didn't waste time. A couple of weeks later she was enrolled in a life drawing class. It was on a Sunday, so we didn't get together until the evening.
"I had the most wonderful time!" she panted as she tossed off her clothing just inside the door. Since being with her I'd gotten so accustomed to nudity that I often didn't get dressed myself, and this had been one of those days.
"The class was great, and I needed it. My figure drawing skills have lapsed more than I'd thought, and it was hard to get the forms as clean as I wanted. I'm glad they brought in a female model, since it's females that I usually paint. And if when I need a male model, and I will, I know you and Carl won't mind posing for me." We came together at those words, and my cock sprang outward right on cue as she grabbed my ass cheeks and ground her flat muscular belly into my crotch.
"I won't mind at all, my luscious muse," I sighed happily.
"And the model they had was so unbelievably beautiful!" she continued gushing, as my cock extended between her thighs, and she clamped it between them and wiggled side to side. "Some people had the nerve to complain that she wastoobeautiful and made it unrealistic! Can you believe that?"
"I'm just glad it wasn't you, then. Nobody could capture your glorious gorgeousness with any realism."
"Shut up, flatterer!" She pulled back, grabbed my already aching cock, and used it to lead me to the bedroom. She flopped on top of the bed, and spread her legs, opening that delectable cunt to me. "Eat me now, slave!" she giggled. "We'll talk more later."
I obeyed my mistress without protest. Often she wanted to be fucked as soon as she walked in the door, with the barest minimum foreplay or none at all. She had an amazing ability to lubricate at a glance. Other times she would want to be serviced for hours with my fingers and tongue. Every now and again she would become totally submissive, and I would have my way with her using whatever delightful tortures my imagination could invent. I had no problems with any of these approaches. I always found myself richly rewarded by her desires.
Tonight she flooded my tongue with pent-up juices. I collected as much as I could and smeared it over her clit, above, below, and inside the hood. She came loudly. More of her natural lube got applied to her nipples, which I spent extra time tweaking with my fingers while my tongue continued dipping into her hallowed nectar pool. She was crying, laughing, and squealing with extra excitement. When she could take no more, several orgasms into her indulgence, she pushed me away and leaped to her feet. Wordlessly she pushed me onto the space that she had just occupied, lying on my back, and she quickly straddled my aircraft carrier of a cock, as she called it. Sometimes she enjoyed talking about her ideas or experiences from her position mounted atop me, and tonight she was doubly inspired.
"Like I said, she was the most beautiful woman I have ever met. I don't know why she needed to be an artist's model, she could be a supermodel, or a trophy wife, or something really lucrative." She rested her hands on my chest and used her shoulders as anchors, pushing her hips back and forth and up and down over my aroused manhood. God, she was getting tighter the longer we were together!
"Her name is Sonia, and I can't stop thinking about her. I wanted to draw her forever, but I couldn't come close to capturing her beauty."
She orgasmed again, and another little trickle of her love juice dribbled into my pubic hair. She seemed almost intoxicated by her experience.
"Tell me more about her," I instructed, knowing that she wanted to.
"She has the blackest skin," Tethys breathed, "deep, rich, smooth, even luminous." Each adjective was accompanied by a bottoming out of her pussy down my shaft, and a corresponding burst of air that explosively emphasized the word.
"It's beautiful skin, so fine, so perfect. Her face is right out of an artist's lesson book, oval, almost egg shaped, and the proportions are flawless. Her mouth is dainty, with full lips, and her teeth are so white and straight. I love her smile. Her eyes have that little hint of an Asian flavor, and they're set off by a high broad forehead and almost a button nose. It's so cute!"
She was fucking me fast and hard now, and as I lifted up my own hands to massage her soft, well supported breasts, she moaned as she spoke.
"Her hair... aahh, it's short, uhh, natural tight curls. Close to her scalp. Ummm, oooh, her shoulders... graceful... strong, ayyyy! M-muscular figure, she looks stro... ONGer than me. Perfect breasts, kinda pointyyyyy.... Ahh, nipples! Oh, shit! Fuck! She has a pretty, round ass. Strong oooh-oooh-oooh fuck! ...legs. Oh-ah-aaaaiy.....fuck!
She shuddered, groaned, and her arms collapsed, sending her chest down onto mine. I was obliged to take up the thrusting duties, wrapping my arms around her back while she keened and drooled onto my shoulder. I pumped for a couple of more minutes, and she had one more wet, shuddering orgasm, then I gradually slowed down and came to a halt myself as she recovered. I had come close, but tonight, for no logical reason, I wanted to cum in her mouth. I knew she would be more than willing to accommodate me.
We spent a few minutes in deep kissing and fondling, before I made the request. "Would you like a snack, my love? I've prepared a special offering just for you."
Tethys winked, and slid her lips down my neck, shoulder, chest, belly, and hips, kissing continuously. Her mouth always seemed as moist as her pussy. Without further ceremony, she used her nearly prehensile tongue to cup the end of my cock, and align it to her mouth. She slowly, gradually enveloped me further, stopping momentarily along the way, until her chin was deeply embedded in my pubes, her upper lip had almost reached the front of my scrotum, and I could feel the muscles of her throat and esophagus working to swallow the distal end of my squeezed penis. She cycled up and down slowly all the way twice more, leaving me in tears of intensity and desire. Finally she settled for covering just the first couple of inches in her oral chamber, wrapping her tongue around and over the top of my glans, while she jacked off the rest of me with her skilled hands.
I came hard, multiple high-pressure pulses, each one accompanied by a yelp, and finished the whole thing off with a laugh. I had picked up the habit of laughing after my orgasms from her. She grunted with concentration, catching every drop, and suckling it until not even a dribble remained. As my cock softened, she popped it out of her mouth with a smile, made a yummy noise, then climbed back up on top of me and restarted our kissing exchange.
"You're a very tasty man, you know. Best I ever had. If I was to eat a donut, I'd want your cum to glaze it with."
"That's almost enough to make me want to get you some donuts for breakfast," I told her.
"We'll find other things to glaze," she grinned.
"Anyway, back to Sonia. I was so worked up I had to fuck the sexual tension away. Sonia is a mountain of sexual tension! I never considered myself attracted to women before, but Sonia had me so turned on, I don't know why. We went to have some tea after the session, and we exchanged phone numbers. Oh, Taylor, her boyfriend is a master chef, and he owns a Caribbean restaurant downtown, it's calledThe Taino. We have to go there!"
"Caribbean food sounds good to me," I agreed.
"She's not just a model, she sings in a band and she writes songs and poetry too. She's so fucking athletic looking and so nice. I just felt completely comfortable with her. And guess what the kicker is?"
"The guy on the football team who makes field goals?" I shrugged. "I don't know!"
"She's a nudist and she's polyamorous! And she wants to have a threesome with me and her boyfriend!" Tethys squealed in excitement at her reveal.
"She told you all that on the first day you met?" I was taken aback. "Isn't that coming on kind of strong?"
"Well, I told her that I was impressed with how comfortable and casual she looked posing nude, and she just said 'I go nude all the time at home, it's normal for me.' So I had to tell her I was a nudist too, and then I let slip that I was in a stable relationship with two men. I'm not sure how that came up, but it was out of my mouth before I realized it. Then she said that her and Henri, her boyfriend -- with an 'i' by the way, not a 'y', have an open relationship. She said she prefers men but she loves women too, and that Henri prefers women, and that she thought he'd be really attracted to me. Then she told meshewas really attracted to me, and she'd love to have the three of us get together. I said I'd talk to you and Carl about it, because everybody would have to agree, and then she said that maybe someday we could all be involved. Fuck, Taylor, I was so wet right there! I had to come home and fuck you just to keep from going insane!"
The words poured from her, not only was her excitement apparent, it was starting to rebuild. "Do you need me to fuck you again?" I asked, knowing what the answer would be.
"You be on top this time," she insisted. "Not only do I need you to really pound me, I need you to hold me down so I don't float away!"
It was several more weeks before Tethys found a chance to pursue Sonia and Henri further. It was on her mind, though, and I knew she wasn't going to let it pass. She had several flirtatious phone calls with Sonia, and even exchanged some personal porn featuring me, Carl, and herself from different encounters in return for equivalent offerings recording Henri and Sonia's sexual adventures.
"Oh, my God!" she said as she played them back to me. "Look at the size of Henri's cock! She wasn't exaggerating. It's a monster! I've never seen anything nearly as big, even in professional porn! And Sonia fucks him like she doesn't even notice! Damn, I do want to try them out!"
The problem for Tethys was that Sonia and Henri were both extremely busy in their professions. Henri was described as a workaholic, obsessively dedicated to his restaurant, meaning Sonia was getting far less sex than she wanted. But Sonia wasn't much more available herself. In addition to her modeling gigs, she was spending a lot of evenings helping Henri at the restaurant, and at the same time rehearsing with her band and playing gigs in preparation for a tour they had scheduled of the Far East for the upcoming winter.
The problem for me was that, for the first time, I was feeling twinges of jealousy. It had never bothered me that I was sharing Tethys with Carl. He was grandfathered in, as Tethys had pointed out, their relationship predated ours. It was good, it was stable, and she was better and happier for it. I couldn't disagree. And for the most part, my own levels of sexual satisfaction were extremely high, especially compared to the state I had been in prior to meeting her. Having a woman sincerely adore my cock and show her appreciation of me at every opportunity was hard to complain about. And her companionship and friendship and honesty was something to treasure.
No, I had no basis to complain that she found another cock attractive. She promised that if she did something with Sonia and Henri, it wouldn't take precedence over her relationships with Carl or me. I believed her. But instinctively, it was still unsettling. Were Carl and I combined inadequate to satisfy her? It seemed like a ridiculous notion, but here she was, openly declaring her attraction for Henri's cock and a matter-of-fact determination to "rise to the challenge" of burying it all the way into her cunt, if she could. She didn't think of it as provoking competition, except the competition with herself to advance her sexual skills and broaden her experiences. It never entered her mind that I might be upset or reluctant to share her further than I already was.
Carl wasn't upset. "Cool!" was the extent of his reaction when she told him of her experience and future plans. It was interesting to me how a person who was as dedicated to maximizing his own feeling of dominant masculinity, with his intense muscle building and his enjoyment of displacing other men's cum from a woman's cunt was fundamentally so noncompetitive about who she fucked when she wasn't with him. He and I were on friendly terms, but not so close that I was going to interrogate his inner feelings concerning his sexual identity. Tethys did summarize it for me eventually, though.
"He feels like he's going to benefit from this in two ways," she told me. "First, he'll have some semen other than yours that he can displace with his cock, which will kind of expand his empire, in his mind. He's not really as noncompetitive as you think, he just expresses it differently -- from everybody! The fact that Henri's cock is so huge is a bonus for him, because he feels like he's conquering the beast with his own hardware. You know, I think I can kind of understand that. And sooner or later, he also believes he's going to get a chance to fuck Sonia. And I think he's not wrong. You know what, Big Boy? I also think you're going to have that same chance. I'm going to try to arrange it. It's not fair that I get to fuck different men, while you and Carl haven't had your dicks in anybody but me for many moons."
It was hard to argue with that logic. I'd definitely had to deal with the idea that I was the monogamous one. It hadn't been difficult, to be honest. I believed that I was more or less monogamous by nature. While like any other man I enjoy and admire the beauty of many, many women, I think had I pledged myself to one, I would have no struggles remaining faithful to that lucky girl. But Tethys had turned that concept on its head. "Faithful" simply no longer had the same meaning. She never asked, nor even expected that I would have no other lovers. In fact, she expressed very clearly that not only did she wish for me to fuck other women, she wanted to experience it with me, whether by narrative, by watching, or by taking part. There was no double standard in her.
At the same time, she was faithful to me in all the ways that mattered. She told me she loved me, and she sincerely meant it. She was affectionate, joyful in my company, supportive of my career and my friendships, and very sweet to my family. She was always brutally honest with me, not only about her doings, feelings, desires, relationships, and ambitions, but in her opinions about my own expectations and attitudes. She could be confrontational, but without hostility. She never gave me reason to question her loyalty to me and to our relationship. The only difference was that our relationship included permission to fuck other people.
All that said, I remained uncomfortable with the idea of her fucking Henri and Sonia. Deep down, I think I felt intimidated over Henri's giant organ and the enraptured way that Tethys talked about it. Her loyalty to me came with the assumption that I would support her other sexual adventures without question, as long as they didn't undermine the relationship between she and I, or she and Carl. Feelings of insecurity were my own responsibility to work out, and while she was happy and eager to discuss them, and to help me deal with them, she felt no obligation to submit to them.
Among her preparations for a tryst with Sonia and Henri was a frank discussion of the need for protections. She spoke to Sonia at length about it, and they were completely on board. They went into detailed descriptions of all their sexual histories, and made arrangements for fresh testing. That one needed cooperation from Carl and I, and it's something I was glad to provide. I'd already accepted the fact that if we were going to live an open lifestyle, frequent and regular STD testing was going to be a fact of life. And one of the things I appreciated about Tethys' determined honesty was the knowledge that, while my emotional comfort with her sexuality was my responsibility, keeping all her partners safe and informed was her responsibility. She took that seriously, and it was worth honoring.
Two weeks prior to Black Friday, which would have been the first anniversary of our first encounter, Tethys and I made reservations for dinner atThe Taino. It was a small but very high quality restaurant, pretty expensive, and the menu items were an interesting mix of the unique and familiar. What we ate was outstanding. Midway through the meal, the chef made an appearance to visit with the customers and to get their feedback. I recognized him immediately from Sonia's shared videos, even though I'd never seen him with clothes on before. He was taller in real life than I expected, but that could have been an illusion of the chef's cap. I don't normally make a point of focusing on someone's race first, but Henri was so intensely black that it was certain to be one of the first things you'd notice, particularly in contrast with his white chef's jacket. He was probably the darkest man I've ever seen. It looked good on him. He was obviously well built, a little on the slender side but far from thin. His face was what would be called 'classically handsome,' strong chin, high cheeks, wide mouth with the ends slightly upturned in a natural smile, and shiny laughing eyes that Tethys immediately was drawn to. I think eyes attract her more than any other male body part, including dicks.
He finally approached our table, and recognized us immediately. "Taylor, is it?" He extended his hand in greeting and smiled, showing a set of perfectly straight, white, shiny teeth. "It's good to meet you, my man. I feel like I know you already, and it's all good, real good. I'm humbled that you came out to visit us here tonight."
He turned his gaze to Tethys. "Taylor, you are one lucky, lucky man! Tethys, you are as beautiful as your name. Images don't do you justice, you're a much more real image of beauty sitting here right before my eyes." His hand was already clasping hers, and he bent over and kissed her on the back of it, his smiling wink giving the simultaneous impression of gentility and potential debauchery.
"Tethys, you're drooling," I laughed, and the two laughed in return.
"I assume that's because of the mouthwatering effects of the dish that you've ordered, which, by the way, was an excellent choice. It's one of our favorites. I hope it suits your taste, if not I will definitely correct and compensate any deficiencies that you might find."
You had to admit, Henri had style. Tethys was completely charmed.
She couldn't wait to jump on my cock as soon as we got home. She was already thoroughly wet. "Damn, Taylor, I want to fuck Henri so bad! Do you want to see him jamming his cock into me? You need to fuck me into shape beforehand, and afterwards you're going to have to fuck me into recovery! Don't you think for a minute that I'm going to prefer his cock to yours. It's an extra, not a replacement, and not a substitute."
She may have picked up on the fact that my enthusiasm didn't quite match her own.
Henri, Sonia and Tethys met at her apartment on the following Monday afternoon. It worked out even better than she hoped. Carl got a fresh pussy load of cum to fuck out of her, Tethys enjoyed multiple intense orgasms both from the monster cock that she successfully accommodated, and from the more feminine touches that Sonia added along the way. They both made the day completely about her.
"It was amazing. Totally amazing! And not just the big cock, either, although that was fun. This was my very first threesome with another woman. I love fucking you and Carl together, but this was different. I can't tell you how wild it feels to have a woman's tongue flicking across your clit while a big cock is sliding inside you right next to it. Sonia is completely raw, she's one hundred percent sex. She told me 'Sex is my drug, and Henri is my favorite addiction.' She's loud and she's kinky and she's funny... She tells jokes while she's being fucked, isn't that goofy?"
She had already texted me the video record of their encounter, and I had watched in high definition on my big screen. Everything she said was true. It was the best amateur threesome video I had ever seen, and Sonia really did seem like a force of nature.
"God, I hope you get the chance to fuck Sonia someday," she said, just before she slid her mouth down my straining shaft. She wiggled her head back and forth a few times, gave me a few cycles of suction, and then came back up to speak again. "I'm going to work on making that happen." She dove down on my cock once more, and came up. "She has the prettiest pussy, and the tastiest." One more suck cycle. "Of course, I don't have anything to compare it to, she's the only pussy I ever tasted other than myself, but I think she tastes better than I do."
She turned to face me and pushed me onto my back. "Lay down, I'm going to fuck you now, you horny motherfucker." She climbed over my hips, straddled them, and sank down easily along the full length of my cock. She may have been stretched by Henri, but she was just as tight as ever, and her muscle control as she squeezed my shaft inside her was exemplary.
"Henri's cum is delicious too, but not quite as good as yours. It's weird," she continued as she set up her vertical up and down rhythm of her internal slip-and-slide, but none of the guys I tasted before I met Carl were very good at all. Most were either rancid or tasted like bleach, or something dead. Yuck! I was almost afraid to suck his cock, expecting it to be the same. But it wasn't, it was delicious. That's one reason I got so attached to him. And I thought that was a one-off until I met you, and your cum is even better. Carl is a pretty complex bouquet of flavors, almost floral in a way. It's still slimy and musky and tangy and salty, like all guys, but the taste and the aroma have that extra touch that makes it fun to feel in my mouth."
Most guys might feel despondent hearing their lover wax beautific over the glories of another man's semen in mid fuck, but this was Tethys. She'd never put her current man down by paying homage to the next. I knew she wasn't going to make me suffer by comparison.
"Your cum is similar to Carl's, Taylor, but it's subtly different, and I think I like it even better. I said his is kind of floral, but yours I would say has a touch of fruity to it. Almost like pumpkin! Seriously, it's really good. It's mild and sweet, and even has a pleasant aftertaste. I've said before I could drink your cum all day, and I seriously would. It's that good. So Carl's not unique in having food-grade semen, and now neither are you. Henri is delicious too, but not as sweet. There's a certain spiciness, almost, to his cum. I'd say it reminds me just a little of cloves, maybe. Not too strong, but I actually found I liked it better when I got to taste Sonia's pussy juice along with it. Some day I'd like to mix all three of you together and drink it from a glass. That would be kinky!"
The idea was enough to send her over the top, and she paused momentarily as a shuddering orgasm overtook her. Our fucking was much more sedate after that, and we ended by her having me cum in her mouth again, savoring both the similarities and the differences to her three lovers. For Tethys, knowing that she now had three men and a woman to unleash her sexual passions on filled her with a joyful peace, and we both slept very well, naked in one another's arms that Tuesday night.
---To be continued