This story is part of a series. The series tells how decades ago I was caught embezzling funds and negotiated a week of naked humiliation instead of being reported to authorities. It includes the whole week.
The first part explains that I was coming off of a bad divorce, confused about a lot of things, and low enough to find a bit of safe fantasy in naked submission. I won the moment because I got a safe fantasy fulfilled while also avoiding jail. I knew I would not be raped or sodomized, or harmed beyond spanking and humiliation. I was even proud of my figure because I'd lost some weight, so being naked didn't seem all that bad. And they'd also agreed to not heap me with nasty insults and sneering name calling, so I didn't have to endure that kind of verbal humiliation. Just mostly being naked and the center of attention. That part ends with me naked on all fours at the front door, to begin the week.
Part 2 covers the first day, and Part 3 the second day. This one, Part 4, covers how I was demoted from humiliated half naked maid to naked on all fours as the family dog. It includes Wednesday, the third day; and Thursday, the fourth.
The third morning, Wednesday, Melanie announced before breakfast that I had failed as a sexy maid and was demoted from maid to dog. She called the family into in the living room. Then, with the four of them seated and me standing in the middle of the room, still waddling with panties by my ankles, as I had finished the day before.
She told me to strip all clothing and get down on all fours. "From now on, you are our pet dog," Melanie said. "You will not stand up, ever. You will communicate with barks and whines and wagging your tongue and your tail. You will not speak."
"You better be a good dog," she added. "You will be instantly obedient, or you will be spanked on your bottom, or otherwise punished. You will be a backyard dog, not a house dog." Then she added, "but maybe you kids can bring her inside to play once and a while."
At that point, for fear of prison maybe, or perhaps the underlying ridiculousness of it all, or maybe enjoying the fantasy fulfilled, I barked. And whined like a dog. And stuck my tongue out and made panting noises. Let it be done. I figured that being in the backyard would save me from some of the spanking, all the mopping, and cleaning bathrooms I was getting as a maid. Maybe they'd leave me alone more.
They fitted me with a dog collar, which is all I wore from then on, all day and night, nothing else. Together they wrapped my hands with mittens and duct tape, nullifying my thumbs. I couldn't even open a door knob. I had knee pads, the kind people use for gardening, rigged with bungee cords to keep me on my knees. I could stand up for a few seconds, but it took so much effort I don't do it. Besides that, if I did, I'd be punished.
They also redid my hair. They shaved most of it off and left part of it hanging on each side, so it looked sort of like dog ears. After the hairdo, while they still had the hair clippers, Alice asked Melanie about pubes and armpits. She said I'm just a dog, so they leave them. "The longer the better." And then she added, "unless she starts to scratch herself. We have to watch for fleas."
Melanie then spilled coffee on the kitchen floor, scolded me for it, and made me lick it up off the floor with my tongue. "After all, being a dog doesn't mean you can't still help keeping the floor clean," she said. "So, this will keep you honest." Alice and David were there too. Alice suggested, "Good idea, Mom. Can she still clean toilets? David laughed. Melanie said yes.
From that moment on I took meals and water down on all fours from a bowl outside on the deck. Without silverware. Naked on all fours and bent over so I showed them all my privates, for the utmost embarrassment. And the random whacks on the bottom, and the stinger gun, continued during meals and throughout the day. Melanie egged them on, saying I was too fat, and should be distracted from my food.
As I explained in part 3 of this series, the stinger gun was like a BB gun that shot little balls of colored powder that stung for a few seconds but didn't do any real harm. Each one left a splotch of color where it hit.
After the announcement they opened a door and sent me on all fours, naked of course, outside to the yard. I thanked heavens that I had a really good tan and no chance of sunburn, and that the backyard had some trees for shade. Also, that it was August, not December. I wondered whether any neighbors were watching. Maybe they can see me if they made a point of looking through cracks or holes in the hedges, but they would have to try. As I crawled out, David shot at me with the stinger gun.
As a dog I was no longer allowed to use the toilet in the garage. Instead I had to go outside and use an open six-inch drain near the deck that I think was originally connected to a hot tub that was no longer there. Think of it as a hole in the ground in full view of anybody in the backyard, on the deck, or looking out from the mansion. When I was inside, doing floors, and had to go, it took a lot of whining and even wiggling my rear, to get them to let me out for a humiliating trip to use that drain hole, while in plain view. They often pretended to not understand, to make me desperate. Then they teased me about it.
Over lunch time Wednesday, Melanie invited some of her friends, a man and four women, to the mansion. She made me crawl naked beside her as she opened the door for them, invited them in, and took their coats. For each one of them she explained that I was there to pay for "misdeeds" in Donald's office, and asked them to "give her a good spank or two." The man as well as the women. During the two hours or so they were there, she paraded me in front of them constantly, so I was spanked, pinched, and grabbed. And she offered them the stinger gun and my butt as a target; the man did it and the women didn't. Before they left, she had each of them whack my butt. "Teach her a lesson," she said. "
And from then on, when the doorbell rang, I had to bark. And, when I wasn't outside in the back yard, I had to go to the front door and bark. And stay there like that, naked, on all fours, and barking, while somebody else opens the door, takes the package, and signs for it. That first day we had three deliveries. I started in the back yard for one of them, but I was called into the house to be at the door. I was already inside for two of them. And all of this often included lots of fondling, touching, and spanking. Delivery men were invited routinely to take a few minutes "petting the dog." And they got to shoot the stinger gun at my exposed naked rear.
After Melanie's lunch David called me to come to the back deck with a bowl in his hand. I went back to the deck naked on all fours and ate the hash, dipping my head into the bowl. When I was done, he filled the bowl with water. I wished he'd rinsed it first, but he didn't bother. But I was thirsty, so I lapped up the water. Then he attached a leather dog leash to the collar. He told me "heel" and made me follow him to one of the back corners of the back yard. While I crawled awkwardly, he slapped my bare butt repeatedly with the leash handle. He made me do doggie tricks. He made me sit, roll over, beg, and all of those stupid doggie things. And as the game went on, the spanking was a constant part of it, regardless of my compliance. I had to fetch tennis balls and sticks too. He shot my ass with the stinger gun. After a while he changed the tennis ball game so I had to go 15 or 20 feet away from him and he threw the ball at my butt. When he was finally bored with that, he told me to "stay" like a dog and then spent what felt like at least an hour with me on all fours again, playing with me.
I was disturbed with the behavior of this kid, but it was clearly not my say. I was powerless, but at least they stuck to the rules I signed up for, and until the week ran out.
Since it was August, and the days lasted for hours after dinner, David had a lot more time to play with me with in the evening.
That night I slept outside, naked, in the back yard. They threw a smelly old dog bed outside. It was a relief to be alone. It was summer, so I was not cold. I missed the toilet in the garage, which was locked.
Early Thursday morning, Donald appeared with two strange men. Nobody explained anything to me, of course; but I figured out one was a vet and the other a city official in charge of licensing and registering dogs. Melanie came out to the yard and greeted the two men. She took my collar off and put on a new one. "See," she said, showing it to me, with a tone of voice like woman to dog, "you have your official name now. You are Stinky."
Alice, who had come out to watch, laughed. "Yes, Stinky," she chuckled, addressing the two men. "Because she usually is." That hurt because it was true, and I hated it. Since I didn't have the luxury of thumbs, and couldn't use a shower, personal hygiene suffered.
It turned out the men were there to register me with the city, with dog tags and a dog license. Donald brought a vet he knew and some other man to sign papers about shots and register me with the city as a dog named Stinky. They made me lay on my back and opened my legs wide -- very embarrassing with three men doing it -- and wrote the name Stinky and their home phone number on the inside of my upper thigh, with some kind of permanent marker. I became officially Stinky, registered with the city, as a family dog. And Donald showed off for them, humiliated me as much as making me do all the tricks, the whole routine with come, roll over, fetch, and the bad ones including beg, stay while they spanked and fondled, and spread open.
When they finally left, I was alone in the yard again for a just few minutes before Donald appeared again with five of my former co-workers from his office. He presented me to them as the new pet dog. With me naked on all fours in the middle of the yard, he shared the dog tags and the name stinky with them to hoots of laughter. He made me lay on my back and open my legs and he showed them the supposed tattoo of my dog name on my upper thighs. He made me bark, come when called, beg, stay, roll over, and fetch a tennis ball while they made fun. He shared my rules about barking not speaking. He told them I was well trained, and obedient, but to keep up the training they should give me whacks on the butt whenever I was slow. And he let them use that stinger gun again, to set me up as a target and shoot at my rear.
That was late morning and he ended with telling them they could all have a long lunch to play with me for a couple hours before he would send them back to the office. And he told them not to go until after I had to pee with them watching. At least they stuck with the rules, so I wasn't raped and didn't do blow jobs. But they humiliated me for every minute of those two hours.
I hate to admit, I'd had no idea how much they must have disliked me during the months I'd been there working with them every day. I would have thought at least some of them would have been sympathetic, and embarrassed, to see anybody like that. But that was not the case.
All that day I remained naked on all fours outside in the yard, as they continued to supposedly train me like a dog. It was a favorite game. They formalized what David started, the four of them together, setting rules and commands. I had to mind. Obey. Perform tricks. In case I haven't made it clear, the so-called "training" isn't training; it was just an excuse for the two kids to yank me about, spank me, and play with me. I hated the stupid pet tricks, but they loved it. Come when called, heel, roll over, fetch, stay, spread, and beg. I always tried to obey quickly. Because if not, they loved spanking my always exposed bare butt, usually with the leather strap of my leash. And they kept using the stinger gun throughout.
In mid afternoon, David brought friends around, so groups of teenage boys played with me. Imagine me naked and helpless, completely at the mercy of five curious teenage boys, laughing, giggling, daring each other for more and more. Melanie kept watch from the house, which helped me think I was basically safe and covered by the rules. But of course I also worried. They started timing who could make me fetch fastest by swatting my dangling breasts and spanking me. They used the stinger gun to shoot not just at a target they drew on my bare ass, but also at my hanging breasts. They thoroughly enjoyed cleaning the colored powder puffs off of me over and over. Melanie intervened briefly to make sure they were keeping to the rules and agreement. As she left me alone with them again, she finished by suggesting that they could play until I peed with them watching, after which they should go. She said Alice also wanted a turn with me, and was inviting her friends. The boys went home and David disappeared as Alice appeared with three friends.
Alice's friends, all teenage girls, weren't interested in my privates and breasts like the boys were. They did, however, thoroughly enjoy the humiliation of a grown woman naked. So they did spend a while playing with me as a dog, doing all the dog tricks, and enjoying having the power to spank a naked adult woman
Around dinner time Thursday, they sent me back out to the back yard again with two bowls, scraps and leftovers as dinner and water. Donald grilled hamburgers, Melanie made drinks. I ate my whole bowl, and lapped up the water. Then David and Alice attached the leash on again and shared a short flexible branch from one of the backyard bushes, stripping it of leaves, for hitting my backside. Then they did a lot of spanking with the leash handle and the short branch while they made me come, sit, stay, roll over, bark, fetch and spread. When their hamburgers were ready, David made me come back on the deck where they were and stay. I was stuck there for the length of their dinner, followed by ice cream. With random whacks the whole time.
And as for communication, I was left with only barks, whimpers, and whines. They still brought me back inside in that evenings, after dinner outside, when they made me "stay" in the living room while they watched TV. They all four liked it when I had to bark and whine and wag and wiggle gestures to get one of them to open the back door for me.
Not that I barked a lot. Only when I have to. For food, water, and, sometimes, to get hosed off.
Thursday night I slept outside again, naked, in the back yard. I think some neighbors noticed me, because I heard whispers in the bushes. But nothing else happened.
As I finally rested, I grew comfortable, and reflected. It was still way better than prosecution and jail. There was still something in having an excuse, a story around it, for being naked and showing everything to strangers. The teenage boys were so innocent, at times. It was still exciting. It wasn't like I wasn't going to be glad when it ended, but more because of the not controlling my time, and having to obey and all, than being buck naked.