My nonsensical tale continues. There will be more cheating and probably cuckoldry at some point even if it doesn't occur in this chapter. So you have been warned. Folk should really look at the tags that go with any story. It is lazy not laziness not to.
As always constructive criticism welcome. Good ideas even more welcome. Chapter 6 and 7 are complete and will follow shortly since it is Halloween or near to it now.
Lair of the Incubus Part 2:
Daggers to the Heart:
Watching Erica with him was like a dagger to my heart though. The looks she was giving him were more than looks of lust, there was adoration in those looks as well and that cut way deeper than the looks of lust.
Mairi and Irini would sigh "Oh yes the spill over emotional content and psychic stress. Shee doesn't feel or see any of that. For all his supposed Incubus empathy he doesn't feel what you feel or what feeds us."
The next stop was the patio where Erica was sitting on his lap and eating off of platters of fruit and vegetables and somebody had done some cooking. She was literally eating out of his hand and not just metaphorically doing so. I gritted my teeth at watching this. We could have been invisible to Erica and Shee for all that they noticed us.
Irini laughed "You will need your strength Mike so you better eat."
When they had their fill the next stage of his seduction of Erica would take them to another glasshouse in the grounds. I would watch as birds descended on Erica and Shee and Irini laughed, "That is one of his favourite tricks to impress them. It is an aviary of sorts where only small birds can get in or out and nothing bigger than a pigeon can get in. Amazing what you can do with a little bit of sugared or sweetened water and birds who know where the free goodies are."
I could see the look of awe on Erica's face. It was an impressive trick for all that sneakery with sweetened water and fruit and trained birds. He even told her how he did it and she wasn't any the less impressed. The looks of adoration cut deep again and Mairi and Irini sighed as they drank on the emotional distress I was feeling. Shee wasn't finished yet though.
He led her to another glasshouse and pulled an even more awesome trick with butterflies. Irini giggled, "Oh yes the nectar balls and nectar sprays. The butterflies go daft for nectar. Having that many butterflies land on you is really ticklish and also awesome. He must really lust for her if he brings her here. He doesn't usually do that with most of them, well none of them actually till now that we know of."
The looks she gave him bordered on what I considered loving as they were beyond just adoration. That was love I thought I saw in her eyes. I wanted to kill him again. I heard deep sighs from Irini and Mairi spoke, "The emotional content and psychic energy we are detecting here right now just crackles. It is like an addictive narcotic to me and Irini."
When they left the butterfly house there would be a session of kissing and hand wandering that was far from lustful and more like loving in its content. Irini and Mairi would pick up on the internal conflict I was having. Mairi smiled, "Her guilt will be tenfold Mike and all the more bittersweet for us and even heavier in emotional and psychic energy."
When the kissing and hand wandering session ended they would make their way back to the house for more food. His seduction of Erica wasn't finished though. That trail would lead to a music room where the show off proceeded to play several different instruments. He would play a bit of acoustic guitar and some electric guitar before he moved onto the flute and piano. He seemed to know what she liked musically. Well that or he had read her mind. The latter was more likely.
I ignored Erica and Shee as I sat at the piano after he had finished with it and did a passing impersonation of Freddie Mercury as I sang three songs from Queen. I then picked up the electric guitar and proceeded to give passable renditions of several Rock songs and tunes. Irini and Mairi were impressed at least. I would play what I felt like playing until I grew tired of it.
There would be a break for more food it seemed and again I would find Erica planted on his lap and again I had the feeling that the rest of us were invisible to them. He wasn't finished seducing Erica though. I saw the dance in her eyes as she sat on his lap. I felt that Erica and myself by my very own original dithering and indecision had agreed to something that was way beyond the original proposition.
His seduction trail would take Erica and Shee to a viewpoint that gave panoramic views to the west. It was timed to view the sunset and that was spectacular with its psychedelic hues. Why couldn't he just fuck her and be done with it.
Irini giggled, "Oh that was an emotional and psychic crackle right there and with interest. That was delicious. Yes he could just fuck her right now and she wouldn't say no. I can sniff her want and almost taste her need for sex. We have never seen him like this with any other girl. Well taking his time over it like this."
When the sun had set he led her back to the house where he put on some music and gave her some Latin dances. How did he know she liked Latin dancing well I guess she might have told him or was it more mind-reading? I would have to dance with Mairi and Irini in turn. They were impressed that I could dance Latin. Erica would no doubt be pleased that he could do a few Latin dances as well.
Erica was a very erotic Latin dancer, especially when she was doing a mambo that was possibly her favourite Latin dance. Her eyes danced as she danced with him and she gave him salacious looks as she did so. My dick was also a raging bone again watching her dance with him. She gave me wanton looks as she danced with him. She was enjoying herself.
Mairi would bring me back to the present, "My brother has outdone himself with you Mike. You are the best Latin if not the best dancer we have ever had here and you are musical as well."
Irini smiled, "My first born will have a talented daddy for a human that is. The mambo is a very erotic dance is it not. You managed not to cum during it like most hetero guys do. That was very impressive control."
She then giggled, "Does your friend Steve dance? He sounds really interesting. We overheard you and her talking about him. Well her mostly and how she fancied him and wanted to fuck him."
I groaned and she giggled again. There would be more kissing and hand wandering between Erica and Shee and again I felt as if everybody else was invisible.
The dance that Erica and Shee were doing would eventually lead to a hot tub. Mairi would smile, "He will fuck her here eventually. It is his favourite first fuck place of choice, the hot tub. Heck I like fucking in the hot tub as well. It is Irini's choice tonight though. She has made her mind up about that. She is ovulating."
Mairi added, "We will have a girls chat with Erica. She needs to be really sure she is okay with Irini and you fucking. I am guessing she will be since she is focused on Shee and she really has made up her mind to have sex with him already and we are notorious for not changing our minds once we decide on something. We also need to talk to her about other things, girl things."
It would be me and him in the hot tub initially as he lit up the bong and spoke "You are a bundle of surprises Mike. Erica never said you had a great singing voice or that you were musical and that you could dance a bit. Irini is at least pleased with those developments. She really is a virgin. I don't know how she managed that as she is usually surrounded with sluts.
Well anyway I didn't hold anything back with Erica. You might have noticed. She is worth the extra effort is she not? Well even now she could change her mind and I have done everything today to make sure she doesn't. I haven't used my powers and I haven't turned the pheromones up on her. I was tempted to and more than once.
Unleashing Irini on her might be a little sneaky if not downright underhanded of me as if Erica changes her mind then Irini stays a virgin. That wasn't my doing though as that was straight from Irini's own mouth. I didn't know she was in breed mode. If I know minxes then she will be doing what she can to make sure Erica doesn't change her mind for obvious reasons."
I sighed, "I think our definitions of some things might be very different. I don't think you needed to lay some things on so thick since she pretty much said she wanted to have sex with you this morning."
He just grinned, "Yes I heard what she said. That was a spur of the moment outburst on her part I think and the kind of outburst she might regret making. She was a little jealous when she said it as well. I have though done my best since then to make her forget it and more than that.
Oh and as to laying some things on thick well it was necessary to have her leave the pure lust zone. When they leave that zone they are open to all manner of sexual acts and much more playful and experimental. I like the idea that she will fuck me for something more than what I have between my legs although she has seen that now and tasted the fruity and salty taste of my cum.
I like the idea of conquering Erica totally not just in mind and body but spirit and soul as well. She might say things in the delirium of her orgasms of which I will give her many that will feel like daggers to your heart. I will fuck her again and again until I am utterly exhausted and then some. What healthy man wouldn't?
It also seems that you are both voyeurs and exhibitionists deep down. She likes the idea of you watching her get fucked and it seems you like the idea of watching her get fucked. Humans delight me with just how deliciously kinky and experimental they can be once they rid themselves of the veneer of morality.
Erica is discovering she is actually very kinky and experimental it seems. She wants to watch you fuck Irini hard and impregnate Irini as well. The idea of you watching whilst she gets fucked and bred by another man really turns her on."
I somehow managed to contain my growing anger at him and maybe at Erica. He might have been the most patronizing and condescending cunt I had met in my life. I got increasingly stoned as we exchanged the bong several times as he refilled it more than once. I thought this was no ordinary weed I was smoking.
Erica would appear just as he filled the bong again and stood offering her a smoke. It was just another opening for him to show off his erection and that despite my recent startling penis growth he was still inches bigger than me and thicker as well or so it looked. The mushroom head of his dick appeared even thicker than the shaft of his dick.
Erica chewed her lip and her chest heaved noticeably as she took a deep breath. He sat down in the hot tub again just as she took a drag from the bong and then a second one before blowing out the smoke slowly.
Erica approached me and handed me the bong and gave me the apologetic eyes "Sorry Mike. Please don't get jealous but I so want him to fuck me hard right now. I will try not to get jealous of Irini or Mairi. Please don't get angry with me. I hope we don't get angry at each other."
She would turn back to him and slink towards him removing her tie up bikini tops and let her tits free. She dropped her bikini top over his head. Her tits were free for him to assault with his tongue, mouth and teeth as she slowly straddled him. She gave me a salacious look as he attacked her nipples next.
She was offering herself up of her own free will of that I had no doubt. The pleasure was just further written on her face as he gave me a smug triumphant look. My dick went bone hard just watching this. I gritted my teeth as a wave of hate washed through me.
Irini would appear in a tong bikini and straddle me "I detected your emotional tearing and psychic distress even in the house Mike. But is it not hot watching them? It is better than porn and it is better than watching any live sex show. He wants her bad and she wants him bad. There is nothing choreographed about it. It is not a game you can win yet and I mean yet."
Irini removed her bikini top and smiled "His dick won't go soft until he has satiated himself on her. It will be lucky me as your dick won't go soft watching him fuck her or thinking about him fucking her. Mairi will be as jealous as hell."
It would be Irini that produced a tape measure from out of one of those TARDIS handbags and she flashed her eyes at me as she measured my dick "Wow that is way above average for a human male Mike. It is seven and one quarter inches by a circumference of six and one quarter inch. Josh would have been way smaller than that even at his biggest and thickest. Okay so it isn't a match for daddy or my lecherous uncles but there is such a thing as too big especially for a first time."
I thought she was trying to sooth my badly damaged ego at that point but there was no doubting the fire and passion and hunger in her kisses. She would giggle as she let out a deep breath, "Maybe I will steal you away from her? Well if I had to have a mortal human male then I would have you. I would make you an incubus if I could. Well not until after you have given me children because pure incubus males well I am infertile to them and my uncles, cousins and brothers are all lecherous ugly fuckers to me but you are a beautiful man."
I thought part of her was trying to tease if not taunt Erica. I saw Erica sit on the side of the hot tub as Shee offered her another blast on the bong before it was handed to Irini. She took a very big drag before blowing the smoke back on me as she kissed me deeply. I thought I was stoned enough before that. Irini took another deep drag from the bong and blew out slowly.
Irina sighed deeply "It makes me tingle all over, it makes my pussy and tits tingle with interest. It makes me hornier than I already am. Erica will turn into an even bigger cumslut and whore smoking his demon weed. The weed will keep you harder longer and I want you real hard Mike."
There was a dance in Erica's eyes as she undid her bikini bottoms and dropped them over his head giggling. She would spread her legs and give him a lascivious look. He moved between her legs and asked her what she wanted. She let out a deep breath and her tits heaved in sympathy "I want you to fuck me hard Shee. Stick your big thick beautiful dick in me and fuck me hard. I so want your cock in me. I so want you."
She wasn't asking him to wear anything and that cut deep again as much as her words. She was going to let him fuck her bareback. She gave me a licentious look as she told him to fuck her again "Fuck me Shee! I have wanted your cock in me from the first time I met you. Fuck me my knight in shining armor. Fuck me my protector. Fuck me my defender. Fuck me Shee."
Her words cut deep again and Irini sighed as she was feeding on the emotional content and psychic energy as she called it. In that moment she had given away that she had already fucked him and behind my back as well. It was torture even as my dick almost pulsed at the idea he was about to penetrate her and fuck Erica. He was going to penetrate her and I would see the head of his mutant dick push into her and Erica gasped "FUCK IT'S SO BIG! DEEPER SHEE! GO DEEPER! FUCK ME! FUCK ME SHEE! GIVE IT TO ME HARD!"
He was letting me see his dick slide deeper and deeper into Erica and listen to every word she would say. He was also taunting me, "You like to watch your girl take another mans cock in her and fuck her. She is going to get the fucking of her life till now."
My anger flared again and Irini chewed her lip "Ignore him. He is being a prick and an asshole now. Take your revenge by fucking his daughter, me, get even by taking my virginity and then get more even by fucking Mairi. Fuck your emotional stress and psychic stress just crackles. It is like electricity coming off you Mike. Get even by impregnating me and Mairi."
She turned to Shee and giggled, "FUCK YOU DADDY."
Erica gripped the side of the hot tub as Shee began to thrust faster and faster in and out of her. Erica panted and gasped with each thrust "OH FUCK YES SHEE. YES SHEE. YES SHEEEEEE!"
Irini pulled my attention back to her. What was wrong with me Irini girl was fucking gorgeous at 5ft 8 inches and 36C-23-35 stats and throw in her long wavy blonde hair on top of that? She gave me a pleading look "I want you in me now Mike. Take me now. Take my virginity. Breed me Mike."
She would prop her back on the side of the hot tub and spread her legs. She gave me a wanton look that I doubt any man could say no to as I moved between her legs. I gripped her hips as I positioned my dick at the inviting entrance of her shaved pussy. She gave me a pleading look, "Do it Mike. Stick it in me. You will be the one I will never forget ever. You will be my first. You will be the father of my first born."
Erica gave me an apologetic look as I pushed into Irini. I don't know what she needed to apologize for at that moment in time. I ran into Irini's still intact hymen. Irini gasped and shuddered "Do it Mike! Claim me! Make me yours for all time."
I thrust deeper into her as I tore through her hymen and she bit back on her pain and gasped
"FUCK THAT HURTS. DON'T YOU DARE STOP MIKE? FUCK ME MIKE."
I wonder if Erica thought it was shot as she began to pant "I'M CUMMING SHEE. FUCK ME SHEE. FUCK ME FASTER. FUCK ME HARDER SHEE. AH FUCK!"
I wondered if the two minxes were trying to outdo each other as to which of them could get noisier as they got fucked. It was hot watching and hearing Erica cum as my dick was buried in Irini's snatch. Shee gave me a smug look, "It will be the first of many mind blowing orgasms she will have and I will give her."
How I wanted to smack his smug face right then and despite the fact I was buried in Irini's pussy. Irini giggled, "Fuck you daddy. Stop being such an asshole. He is very nice and considerate of me. He doesn't want to hurt me. I bet my uncles, cousins and brothers wouldn't be. He might be more Incubus than all of you put together."
She would look up at me "Fuck me Mike. The pain has gone. Do to me what she has never let you do and that is cum inside and cum deep inside. It is the ultimate expression of love and of nothing left to lose love. Cum inside me Mike, breed me."
Erica gave me another apologetic look and silently uttered with her lips "Forgive me Mike. I will make it up to you. I promise."
I am not sure what she thought she needed forgiving for at that second in time. Her attention swung back to Shee as he continued to drill her. I began to thrust in and out of Irini and she was quite tight. I would try not to get carried away. It was smiling eyes that looked up at me.
Irini just sighed "Cum in me as often as you want Mike, I want it as often as you cum in her or would cum in her if she didn't make you wear rubbers. You won't go soft, well not tonight. Revel in fucking me, revel in making me pregnant, revel in my loving you."
Did they know every aspect of our sex lives? It seemed like it. It felt like Irini was taunting Erica as well at the same time whilst I fucked her and Shee fucked Erica. Erica was going to orgasm again just as I was about to cum in Irini. Irini would let her know about it as well, "OH YES MIKE CUM IN ME. PUMP IT INTO ME. BREED ME MIKE. I CAN FEEL YOUR BABY MAKING CUM ERUPTING INTO ME MIKE. OH YES MIKE. YOU DID IT. HE DID IT ERICA. HE PUT A GIRL IN ME. I CAN FEEL HER GROWING IN ME ALREADY.
FUCK YOU DADDY. OH FUCK OH FUCK IT'S GOING TO BE TWINS. FUCK YOU DADDY YOU ARE GOING TO BE A GRAND DADDY TO A BOY AND A GIRL. FUCK ME AGAIN MIKE CUM IN ME AGAIN."
Irini giggled "Fuck he is fertile Erica."
Now she was taunting Erica. Erica turned her attention back to Shee. Irini had provoked her and maybe Shee as well. My dick stayed hard and rock hard at that as Irini demanded more fucking and hard and fast fucking at that. Erica was demanding the same from Shee. Her face floated between pure ecstasy and wantonness as Shee fucked her.
She wouldn't hide her face or the thoughts that were imprinted on it from me. Shee tried to taunt me again as he asked Erica "You like getting fucked by my bigger thicker dick don't you Erica?"
She gave me a wanton look as she panted "OH FUCK YES SHEE I HAVE CUM TWICE ON IT ALREADY AND I AM GOING TO CUM AGAIN ON IT."
He grinned and looked smug and even sounded smug, "I am the better fuck aren't I Erica?"
I got another wanton look as she panted, "UH HUH FUCK YES. IT'S HEAVEN. YOUR COCK IN ME IS HEAVEN."
Erica gave me a licentious look and Irini giggled "She is jealous of me. She is jealous that you have cum in me and made me pregnant. She is jealous that you have stayed hard in me. The emotional stress and psychic energy is crackling like bolts of electricity now. Keep fucking me Mike. Her jealousy is delicious to me."
Erica's attention floated back to Shee as he asked her "What do you want Erica?"
She panted as he fucked her relentlessly "I WANT YOU SHEE. LOVE ME SHEE. FUCK IM CUMMING AGAIN. LOVE ME SHEE."
She shuddered visibly and quivered as she orgasmed "OH FUCK I'M CUMMING HARD AGAIN. I LOVE YOU SHEE. LOVE ME SHEE I LOVE YOU. LOVE ME."
Her words cut me to the heart again and Irini sighed before smiling "Oh wow that was intense."
Shee gave me a triumphant look that cut just as deeply and said "She belongs to me now or will soon."
Irini glinted, "You can never truly have her daddy. Not the way he can have me or her."
He rammed his dick deep into Erica and gritted his teeth and Erica quivered "FUCK YES CUM IN ME SHEE. I WANT YOUR BABIES CUM IN ME. FUCK SO MUCH CUM. FUCK TONS OF CUM."
She would giggle after her quivering stopped "Fuck Shee that was awesome! 21 bullets of cum you shot into me. Fuck do that to me again it again Shee. Fuck your dick is still hard. Fuck me again Shee!"
He had that smug look on his face again as he grinned "I think your exhibitionist side should give Mike's voyeuristic side a show kitten."
I knew what he meant by that when he pulled his dick from her and I saw his thick cum seep from her pussy. Even though I had fucked his daughter or so she claimed that she was his daughter I was still annoyed that Erica had let him cum in her as she had never let me do that to her.
Erica gave me an erotic look as she moved to give me a better view of his cum seeping from her. She scooped some of it onto her fingers and then licked it off her fingers and gave me a salacious look as she did so.
Irini giggled and glinted up at me, "That's it Mike. Give it to me. Turn that sense of betrayal and anger and aggression into sexual energy and fuck me hard. Fuck yes Mike that is it. Love me the way you want to love her. Fuck me the way you want to fuck her."
She threw her head back and gasped "FUCK YES MIKE."
Shee would penetrate Erica again and she gave me another salacious wanton look as he did so. She was panting and gasping soon after he penetrated her again. Erica wanted me to hear it as well
"OH FUCK YES SHEE. LOVE ME. LOVE ME SHEE. FUCK ME AGAIN AND AGAIN WITH THAT BIG THICK BEAUTIFUL COCK AND STUFF ME WITH YOUR THICK CREAMY CUM."
Irini would cum on my dick as I pumped another load of cum into her. She just sighed and smiled up at me "Oh yes Mike. Fill me again."
Shee was thrusting in and out of Erica fast and began to taunt me again as he asked her "You have amazing sexual stamina Erica. I think I will make you my slut. Would you like that?"
She would reply in her delirium "FUCK YES SHEEEEE. MAKE ME YOUR DIRTY CUMSLUT. I SO WANT IT. I LOVE YOU I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT."
He gave me a smug gloating look and I knew then why those others really hated him. Irini giggled "Channel that feeling into fucking me Mike. Take that gloat from his face."
I began to thrust in and out of Irini again even as he taunted me again "I think I will make you my whore. Your sexual energy and talent is wasted on Mike and other men."
Erica panted in her sexual ecstasy "FUCK YES SHEEEEEE MAKE ME YOUR WHORE. I WANT TO BE YOUR DIRTY WHORE. FUCK I'M CUMMING AGAIN. CUM IN ME SHEE FUCK ME SHEE. FILL MY PUSSY AGAIN."
Irini giggled as she drew me down onto her "The electricity is just thick in the air. Fuck me Mike. Love me Mike. She doesn't deserve you. Now he wants to change the rules but he can't.
He made an agreement. He wants a new bargain but he can't have that. Those are our rules and there are witnesses to the bargain that was struck. She has also made promises and she can't take them back. Promises can't be taken back. This is so delicious."
She and Erica would cum simultaneously and Erica intensely so "OH FUCK SHEE WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME. PUMP IT ALL IN ME. MAKE ME YOUR CUMSLUT. FUCKING WITH YOU IS PURE HEAVEN SHEE."
She was trembling and quivering as she came down from cumming again. He would pull his still hard dick from her and she would give me another licentious show of his cum seeping from her. She would scoop up more of his cum in her fingers and lick them very erotically "It is so thick and so creamy and so yummy. I'm his cumslut now I am his whore now. This makes you so hard doesn't it Mike? You also fucking his daughter right now Mike is like making him real hard as well. The idea of you fucking his sister also makes him hard."
She giggled "Fuck you guys are so competitive and jealous. I have cum four times in quick succession and I am still randy. I still need lots more fucking."
Irini giggled "A sex tigress has awoken and something else methinks. Now I know why he is pissed. Erica is part succubus. His cum or the taste of it has wakened the sleeping dormant succubus in her. I think her mother might not be honest about who her real daddy is ooh this is delicious. It might be that her gran is the dirty cuckolding slut. Wouldn't it be ironic and hilarious if she just fucked her real daddy? We could be sister's well half sisters. That would be so sick twisted."
Erica continued to give me a licentious display of his cum seeping from her and an erotic display of eating it from her fingers. Irini giggled "Oh yes she is part succubus alright. We get addicted to the yummy cum of our males and she is well addicted to it already. She definitely has succubus genes in her."
Erica was sitting on her haunches scooping up his cum from her snatch and eating it and that was for my show and not his. Irini giggled "Fuck she is one sexy slut when she does that."
Shee stood and presented his still hard dick to her. She took it in her hands and began licking and sucking on it and his balls without blinking or breaking stride. She gave me wanton looks as she did so. Erica taunted me "His cum is so tasty and he has lots more in those heavyweight balls of his. I think my skin needs some conditioning."
She would lick and suck his dick and his balls until he couldn't resist her any longer and she giggled as his cum shot out of his dick onto her face and her tits and into her hair. She giggled "Fuck so much cum. That was another 21 bullets and big bullets of cum as well."
She rubbed his cum into her face and her tits. Her hair was well matted with it and she giggled "Fuck I'm a mess. I'm a total cumslut. I am his cumslut now."
The girl that I had known for years was gone and this was a different creature before me and a sexually ravenous one. She would clean his dick before he announced he was going to make another bong. I was still fucking Irini who was now on top of me riding my dick cowgirl style. Her tits were jiggling and bouncing to her moves.
Irini glinted at Erica "I think his dick is even bigger and thicker now. It feels thicker and bigger. Shee has to compensate him more for you because you are part succubus. Those are our rules and it is within his power to do so. He won't admit it though. Fuck you daddy. It is what you get for thinking with your dick.
It is the magic or the sorcery that all Incubus and Succubus possess but Shee wont admit to it because he will lie with his eyes and his mouth."