You both sit there, giggling with anticipation one hand ministering each others genitals, the other clasping a big fat reefer, already you both feel a little dazed, the result of good quality skunk and a wondrous fuck; but now it's time for the show.
The two naked bodies in front of you, one lying prone the other kneeling are both sheened with sweat from earlier exertions, muscles pumped and sinuous. The prone figure has a hard on which pulses slightly under the pressure of the blood swelling it, purple and veined, the circumcised tip glistening with vaginal juice and cum.
The owner of this throbbing cock has his arm out in Jack's lap and is slowly, languorously, rubbing his engorged prick forcing moans of pleasure. Jack's hands, likewise stroke the soft skin of his first bi mans inner thighs, working slowly up towards his sensitive anus and balls, engulfing them completely and moving onwards up the stiff shaft. Seemingly drawing it up, further increasing its size.
The girls have grown quiet contemplating this scene, their hands still rubbing each others now sodden cunts, neither have seen this before, they tense as Jack lowers his head towards the glistening glands, he opens his mouth wide and the top half of the cock disappears, but he does not suck, he doesn't even touch, just breaths warmly, sending a caress of warm air over this living, iron-hard rod of flesh, his victim shivers and groans raising his hips slightly.
At this Jack retreats, stroking his tongue up the sensitive underside, hesitating slightly at the base of the glands and with a stroke continues up to the tip. His hands now move to caress the balls, stroking and gently squeezing, one hand moves further round and strokes the sensitive anus, more moans escape both men.
As Jack feels himself shifting onto that familiar sensual plateau signalling a build towards orgasm, his inhibitions visibly drop as he greedily but sensuously engulfs a surprising amount of the larger than average cock deep into his hot, wet mouth, closing his ample lips about the shaft, sucking gently and drawing up all the while stoking, squeezing and tickling the balls and anus.
Again the prick disappears, deep into his mouth, pushing at the back of his throat, hot and pulsing, the sensation is quite unlike anything else, potent and satisfying, hips bucking for more, the man groans rubbing Jack's cock all the more, frantically beating in time with the silky ministrations of his now glistening organ.
Jack feels the balls cupped in his hand tightening, indicating that he is soon to be experiencing a man cum in his mouth, he draws away, a moan from the guy on the floor, Jack always was one to tease, his hands still work on the balls and anus, probing the tight hole gently and slowly, his mouth lowers again to the now almost blue tip and takes just this between his moist lips and sucks gently and wetly, rhythmically drawing the bloke towards orgasm. As he feels the balls draw up, he slows again, but only slows, he doesn't stop and as the balls relax he speeds up again but now periodically deep throats the meat to the hilt.
The man is writhing and bucking trying to force an orgasm but Jack's skilful delaying builds the tension, his own cock fit to burst under the now frantic wanking in his lap, just as he feels his own orgasm building, he forces his wet finger deep into the anus and rubs the swollen prostrate, firmly squeezes the blue balls in his hand and sucks from the hilt to the tip in one long, languorous lollipop slurp, stopping at the glands, licking and sucking for all he's worth.
The man spasms and cums, hard; deep into the waiting mouth, at the same moment, orgasm wracks Jack's own body, the sensation of hot cum streaming down his throat intensifies his pleasure, the pace slows gently to a halt, both bodies collapsing. Sated, Jack's draped over the prone man, his own cock cradled by his first mans hand.
You and your girlfriend are contorted with pleasure, toes reaching, feet arching, with one hand ministering your own pussy and the other buried deep in your friend's "We wanted you to see." you say in unison.
With both the boys looking, you feel yourself flush, and your moans take a more desperate tone. Jack groans as you squirt all over the recently satisfied figure on the floor. Both of your boys feel a familiar twitch between their legs watching you writhing in orgasm. They look at each other. With a definite "Good to go?" look in their eyes.