4:10 PM...long before Piper Cherry's fun filled afternoon...
"Thanks for the ride Darcy."
Dakota and Sable McKellen hopped from the back seat of their friend Andrea's family car, a four door red Honda Accord, Andrea's mother Darcy waving brightly upon their departure. Darcy Beckett was quite the looker wearing blue yoga pants and a white tank top expressing expensive breasts that her husband had purchased her for their anniversary six months ago. Just before taking off the alluring brunette with a deep side part in her silky hair which flowed past her shoulders told the twins, "Tell your parents we should do dinner sometime."
"TELL ME YOURSELF!" Darcy found herself startled by their father Henry who had snuck up from her blind side from an afternoon run to get his creative juices flowing, that and to stretch from working too diligently on his video game creation Frisque. "How you been beautiful?"
"Don't scare me like that." She held a single palm to the center of her chest on purpose. While not truly spooked she took every opportunity she could to get men to look at her perfect 38C's, a proud owner indeed. Henry now leaning on her car window smirked and gave her what she required by staring down her cleavage. Nipples although compacted by a sports bra beneath her tank top could not be hidden. Her daughter Andrea rolled her eyes at their shameless flirtations. Although never getting too close the banter was there.
"How's Randy doing? Still off fly fishing every weekend?"
"God yes! I swear his hillbilly roots are getting out of hand. He spends every other weekend up at our cabin in the mountains."
"Why aren't you up there with him?"
"You know I'm not Ellie May Clampett." He was shocked she even knew of the Beverly Hillbillies to know a name. "Fishing is not my thing. Well...if the rod and reel are..." She blushes laughing as Andrea swats her mom's arm preventing Darcy from further embarrassing herself. "Quit that this instant. I'm not cheating on your father." She brushes her daughter's own arm in retaliation then turns to Henry chuckling and mouths' the word, "Yet." Henry just shook his head.
"Tell you what have Randy bring home some trout and we'll get together for a fish fry. Wait! Better yet, the girls birthday is next weekend we're throwing a party at our neighbor's pool. Josie has an invitation in the mail I think. If not it's next Saturday at 1:00, Piper's house right there." He points at the Cherry residence, Mace Belmont outside checking the air in his truck tires to defeat boredom while waiting on his Aunt to get home from school. It would be a long wait...the bombshell blond was busy. At that very moment Piper was dealing with Detention...AND HOW!
"We'll make the effort to be there." Darcy shared her pearly whites vividly. Even behind her dark sunglasses Henry knew she was admiring his own physique. "Should we bring anything? I'm sure fish is not the ideal birthday gift."
"Bikini's and a birthday card. Piper has a huge pool out back."
"Piper? Isn't that your new school Counsellor, Andi?"
"Yep! That's her cute nephew." Andi looks in her side door mirror pointing him out.
"Oh my! I bet your daughter's are fighting over him aren't they?" Darcy laughs.
"Probably more than I know. Although I have Travis Herbert hanging around with Sable. Dakota's..." He pauses thinking of his eldest daughter's request to be shown how to be with a boy, having zero experience, so she says. Shaking off the unexpected thought he looked over at his front porch and noted both girls looking out the window at them. "...Dakota's been talking about a boy named Angus."
Andrea fans herself, "Quarterback. Soooo hot!"
"That hot, huh?" Henry chuckles. "Fill me in. Do I need to worry about Dakota and the baller?"
"Probably." Andrea giggles but zips her lip.
"Well now." Darcy scowls, "Why are you not mentioning any boys? Surely, there's someone you must have a crush on." A sly glance back at Henry, Darcy lowers her shades to wink at Henry almost within reach to kiss him.
"I'll let you know." There was a special glint in her eye for someone, but she chose to keep it too herself, "Can we go shopping? Birthday gifts and stuff?"
"Sounds fun. Now that my yoga class is over I need to blow Randy's...money." Another sly wink at Henry led him to wink back and pat her door before easing back.
"1:00 Saturday...be there and bikini up, I'm sure the wife will. Piper, too. Lots of fun in the sun."
"On our shopping list then. I could use a new bikini now that I have...these." Shameless she was, pointing at her melons.
"Will you stop trying to get Mr. McKellen to go bowling?" Andrea grumbled. Darcy merely sighed and looked one last time at Henry.
"My alley, my rules." Putting her car in drive Darcy tooted her horn and drove away. Henry scratched his head laughing at the fact that since Piper Cherry had moved in it seemed that women were getting way too friendly. Maybe his open agreement with his wife Josie was the best thing they could have ever considered. Darcy certainly seemed interested. Kelly Herbert, Tessa Harper, her roommate Svetlana, Piper, Dominic Black's sister, his plate was definitely full. Josie who? Oh, yeah the love of his life.
Walking toward his front porch the door flew open and out came Sable wearing her mother's gifted camisole and very short cut off jeans. "Hi Daddy, bye Daddy."
"Where you going?" As if he didn't suspect.
"Over to see Travis." Her eyes did betray her slightly as she glanced toward Mace sitting in his truck listening to music.
"Hold up a sec." Henry halts her in her tracks, "Need to strategize my plans for tomorrow. I still have some work to get done on my tank game." She knew better, "Your dentist appointment is at 10:00 'til who knows when. Are you staying home from school or am I picking you up before hand?"
"I'll stay home until they come out. If I look amazing I want to go back to school for the rest of the day and show off." She giggled, "Travis is going back to school tomorrow, I wanna be there for him if the bullies give him trouble again."
"They ever find out who did that to Trav?"
"Noooo!" She pouted, "That's what worries me."
"Alright! Be back before dark."
"Okay Daddy. Love you!" She bounced down the steps, her butt cheeks hanging out more than he had ever noticed before. Sable's shyness was definitely going away. Maybe Travis was cracking the safe on getting the door open. That or...she was heading toward Mace.
"Yeaaah! More to the story I'm thinking. Hand's off my baby, fellas." That threat was universal. Henry chuckled then shrugged it off and went inside. He needed a shower to ward off his jogger's cologne. It was called Pity Party. His pits were ripe.
********
"Hi Mace." Sable snuck up on him like her Father had done to Mrs. Beckett not long ago. The only difference was Mace sat up high in his Dodge Ram's suspension, one leg dangling out the door as he dusted the dash with a thick hand towel. He wearing his usual attire of sweat pants and a concert t-shirt, this one from the band Asking Alexandria Mace enjoyed his stereo, at the moment hearing In Between by Beartooth. Not used to his type of music Sable just absorbed the beat and swayed to the rhythm. His neglecting to notice her Sable just wouldn't have it so she untied his shoelace just to be mean and tugged on it. That was enough to spark his recognition. Turning his stereo down enough to talk he grinned "Hey Dakota." That made Sable frown that he didn't know the difference between she and her sister. Wincing first she showed him her braces.
"Aww hell! Sorry Sable. I guess the way you're dressed made me think you were Dakota."
"You were just hoping for another kiss."
"No I wasn't." He laughed, "Why did she do that?"
"Who knows? I'm guessing it was just to show off for the other students and make them jealous. She likes Angus Furlong."
"He like her?"
"Yeah but he's still trying to break it off with Robin Banks. You remember her she was the head cheerleader over here the other day."
"Oh, yeah! I remember her. Heck I remember all of them." He laughed, some better than others. Of course, Sable didn't know of his visitors skipping school to rape poor willing Mace.
"I'm going to try cheering with them tomorrow night. Not very good yet though so if you go to the game don't laugh at me." She razzed him, "That is if you recognize me. I get my braces out tomorrow morning."
"I heard that somewhere. You and Dakota are going to have to do something different to help people tell you apart."
"You really can't distinguish us from one another unless I show my braces?" She looked shocked, "I'm shyer than she is that should be a sign."
"True! But, if you didn't it would be hard. Identical in every way." His eyes drop to her camisole cleavage, with no bra under it her stunning gently tanned breasts were dancing as she swayed from side to side with the music which was now Underoath's Writing on the Walls. Noting his eyes she flared her own thinking to herself, "Oh my gosh! Mace is checking me out. I bet if I had my braces out and I acted like Dakota I could kiss him." Unlikely, her blush had already ruined that idea. It was certainly something to think about.
"Are you going to bring Rotten to the game?" She notices the dog peering through a window.
"Not sure that's a good idea, he's not used to large amounts of people and kids. He might get cranky, and I don't want to have to bring him back home and miss you doing cartwheels." He chuckles.
"I should practice more I guess."
"I dare you." He points at the open yard next to the driveway.
"Dare? Are we playing truth or dare?" She giggles.
"We can do that Saturday night." He laughs, "You and Dakota are coming over to watch movies with me and Travis still right?"
"While Piper's on her date? Sounds fun."
"Right! Pizza, movies, cable will be turned on tomorrow too. Adult channels woohoo!" He smirks.
"We are not watching dirty movies." She bulges her eyes, "Are we?"
"I don't know...are we?"
"Oh my gosh! I'd be beet red."
"You'd be beet red and Travis would just be beating." He found it funny, she fidgeted slightly still defensive of her boy...friend. The idea of watching a porno with Mace was overriding her thoughts.
"Probably! God I hope not."
"Yeah I know. It might make me wanna do that too."
"NO WAY!" She busted up, "You...wouldn't do that would you?"
"I'll try not to." He chuckled yet she did notice his sweatpants swelling and blushed even harder.
"I...better go. Travis is waiting on me. We're gonna hang out."
"No fair." Mace winces, "He's getting a head...start."
"Stop putting visuals in my mind." She lifts her foot and kicks his shoe still dangling from his opened door frame. The merest touch made them both fall silent and stare at each other for a second. Growing uneasy Sable lifted up and down on her toes quickly and waved goodbye. Heading down the sidewalk she looked back at him four different times. Each time he was still staring. "Oh my God!" Sable was really turned on by his attentiveness. "Truth or dare sounds fun." The kid gloves were off.
********
Dakota McKellen had just ended her own shower when she heard her Father's water running across the hall in her parents private bath. Drying herself in her bedroom mirror, her bathroom mirror fogged over, she admired her beautiful body, turning from face forward to also check out her gorgeous curves. Thoughts of Angus entering her mind, led to envisioning the day he pulled her dress down and kissed her chest up against her locker.
Caressing herself she grew aroused in every way possible. Even the image of Robin Banks kissing her other breast didn't distract her unfavorably. While yes it did freak her out at first, compiled by her lack of experience with boys let alone girls, the idea that many boys had witnessed their efforts that day made her bubbly. She knew boys loved seeing her, just her unbuttoned shirts showing cleavage made them drool. Her experiments were changing her entire outlook. So, why was she reluctant to let Angus in all the way? His rep primarily, but in a strange way Dakota was indecisive over that. She wanted Angus but didn't want it to be only sexual...when that actually unfolded properly. She had no true concept of love as of yet but it was regardless the dominant gene at the moment.
"Daddy must be showering too. I feel badly lying to him about not knowing much about boys but it's fun to make him think I don't. I mean...I guess I don't know everything. Kissing is easy but as long as Daddy thinks I'm naïve I'll act dumb. Why am I so...into Dad? It's not right, but it feels right to me. Maybe that's what prevents me from giving into Angus so easily. I get love from Daddy, but that's all I've ever known out of him. Angus doesn't understand love. Look how hard Daddy tries to keep Mom and he together. That's true love. Yet, both of them have sex with others. I'm getting it, with Robin and Angus both doing what they did, it certainly opened my eyes concerning other options. I...think I want to experience everything before I let Angus in completely." She tosses her towel over her desk chair and blow dries her hair until it looks long and silky. Brushing it out, she was beyond beautiful. Perfume behind her ears made her nostrils flare, it even turned her on.
Hearing her Father's shower cease running she bit her lower lip, "Dad and I are alone. Maybe I can coax him into more lessons. I'd settle for kissing, but I wonder if Daddy would break down and show me what passion is like? I've never really understood passion as an emotion. When Angus kissed me that day I felt what I'd call passion until Robin...kind of ruined it for me. Let's see what Daddy does when he comes out of his room. I'll leave my door open and play music so he gets nosey. Should I get dressed?" She shivers at the last time he saw her nude, at least the time she was aware of. He had watched her masturbate briefly before his conscience made him leave. "He didn't yell at me."
Abandoning her mirror she shuffles to her bedroom door and opens it. Spotting his bedroom door ajar she see's Henry moving about in his bedroom via their own mirror. He too nude was prowling about deciding what to wear. Dakota's eyes watching intently saw his huge cock while limp dangling down, it made her tremble. The last few times seeing it his cock was mighty erect, at one point poised right into her face while she and Sable hid in his walk in closet behind a mass of hanging clothes. She could have extended her tongue and touched it. That close! It gave her goosebumps thinking that she should have. Her mind was all over the place these days. So many options, so many questions, her hormones were at their peak and she just didn't know how to cope. Experimentation her only solution.
Tempted by his procrastination to get dressed he heard his cell ring and chose to answer it instead. Noticing it to be his co-worker Tessa he picked up quickly. "Hey Tessa." Standing with his back to the door Dakota managed a lengthy look at her father's somewhat muscular backside, his tight ass one of his best features. Biting her lower lip she crept closer across the hall and hugged the wall to listen in, praying he wouldn't shut his door.
"Hey back Henry. I have some prints I'm going to e-mail you here shortly. I know you told Svetty and I to delete what we recorded but I kept a few good parts of our roleplay. Don't be mad at us, once you see the artwork you will understand why I kept them. Just trust me."
"I'm not mad. I'm coping with this whole incest thing." He spoke, his acknowledgement prompting Dakota's eyes to flare wide, her thoughts mumbling, "No way!"
"Good!" Tessa continued, "The more you understand it the easier it will be when designing the scenes for Frisque. If we have to we can roleplay again until the scenes fall perfectly into what your viewership wants. Svetty is all in, and says hi Master."
"Tell her I'll see her at the club tomorrow night. The family is going to the football game at Horton-Dexter so I won't let Svetty down. Moral support on her first night dancing."
"She adores that about you Henry. She's never had a man be supportive. She's gone from guy to guy since being here, pretty much no relationship, just sex."
"All I can technically offer being married Tessa. My idea of support is ownership and protection. If she can accept only that I'm good."
"Just between you and me I think she's worried she made you mad at her. I was the one who asked her to take control over you to see your reaction to it. You need work old man. You're still too easy going."
"Oh, I'll reach my pinnacle don't you worry. It was you two portraying Dakota and Sable that set me back. You guys know the incest thing bothers me, but like I said I'm coping."
"Has Dakota asked for help any more?"
"Not really, but I just kissed her out of the blue this morning before she went to school. She needs to know a boy can be random and kiss her without asking. She can practice on that Angus guy once I get her to understand what a man generally likes."
"How far do you intend to go concerning that?" She asked.
"I'll know when I get there. I need to get dressed I'm standing nude with my bedroom door ajar. She's the only one home besides me. Sable ran off to see Travis, and I seriously doubt Josie gets home before 6:00 or later."
"Perfect timing to give her a few more pointers." Tessa giggled, "One big pointer."
"Not going that far Tessa. Get that out of your head. I totally out rule any taking of my own daughter's virginity."
"There's always after she loses it."
"I'll check my e-mail later. I gotta go." He hangs up on Tessa and shakes his head. Glancing up without intent he spotted Dakota in his mirror peeking at him. Instead of turning to face her he acted as if he didn't see her and turned sideways as if trying to decide what he wanted to wear. In doing so his dick was proven to no longer be limp, it was nicely erect and curved upward, his beefy crown extra swollen at the moment. He knew she could see it but left it as only a quick visual. Leaving her sight he went to his closet and selected a pair of above the knee sweat pants and only those. He wanted to be comfy.
Expecting to catch her off guard he grabbed the door knob from behind and pulled the door wide. She was gone, her own bedroom door wide open he presumes she went back in to hide. Probably for the best he thought and began to head downstairs. One step down he heard Dakota call out his name.
"Daddy?" He grit his teeth, stopped cold, and took a deep breath. Turning back he went to her door and found her laying naked front down on her covers, her bed made hours ago before going to school.
"You called?" He stood in her doorway and admired her outstretched beauty.
"Will you...give me more lessons on what Angus might like?"
"I suppose. No one else is home at the moment." He dares to take a stroll inside and finds her trembling the closer he got. Not meeting eyes Henry just circled her bed while she watched his interest in her body, she was frozen in his eyesight, afraid to ruin the moment by saying anything at all. Finally, he stopped at the foot of her bed and stood there thinking.
"Are you upset with me Daddy?" She fidgeted the more he didn't speak.
"What? No...just deciding how best to help you. Did you notice I was going out of my way to not look directly into your eyes?"
"Yes."
"Generally, a guy will explore first then move in for the kill...so to speak."
"Explore...my body?"
"I wasn't looking at how neatly you made your bed Kota."
"Oh!" She giggled, "I stood outside your bedroom listening to you talk to Tessa. Just so you know."
"Already knew that Punkie. Saw me naked too."
"Yes."
"Let's not make a habit of you stalking me in my room."
"I won't! I promise."
"So how much did you overhear?"
"You're going to some club."
"Let's not tell your Mom about that. Not yet at least."
"She's too busy to care Daddy."
"I know. What else you hear?"
"Incest?"
"Tessa and Svetty acting out like they were you and Sable. They were being stupid." He doesn't mention his game Frisque hoping Dakota hadn't heard Tessa mention it. Dakota did not admit to that either because technically she only heard Henry talk, Tessa was too low in audio to hear.
"Whoa!" Dakota bulged her eyes, "Did you...get mad at Tessa for doing that?"
"Naaaa! A little I guess. I know they were just wanting to have fun."
"You had sex with both of them?"
"Yes I did. No reason to deny that, you girls already know your Mother and I are...seeing others."
"It's only fair. Mom is doing things behind your back right?"
"I'm sure of it. We agreed to tell each other when we do but I'm pretty certain she's not admitting everything." He watches Dakota grow nervous at his eyes even as she rolls over and sits up, covering her chest with her palms, but leaving her pussy in view. "Hands off."
"What?"
"Hands off of your chest. First lesson in intimacy is not to hide. This Angus will want to see every inch of you."
"Before kissing me?"
"No. The kissing stage I gave you lessons on already, unless you feel the need to get better at that."
"I think I need more lessons there. Don't guys like to kiss for long periods of time?"
"Sure do. Long kisses get the two of you warmed up and in tune with one another mentally. Once the kissing ends the touching begins. Well...sometimes touching occurs during too."
"I feel...silly being so stupid Daddy. Not knowing how to do anything really. I barely know what it's like to...touch myself."
"I've seen you masturbating before so don't give me that."
"When was that?" She trembled knowing he had watched her without her knowing. Let alone he hearing her moan his name while doing it. Daddy that is, not Henry.
"Not long ago, last week. Actually I saw you and your sister at the same time. Leaving doors open meant you wanted me to see so don't try saying differently."
"You are upset with me...Sable too."
"Not really. It's natural to touch yourself Kota. Maybe the calling out Daddy stuff during it might have been a bit much. Still not angry though."
"I don't even know why I did that." She blushed and once again tempted to mask her chest with her arm, her left leg arching at the knee to conceal her pussy. Seeing it Henry pointed at her.
"What did I say? Hands off. Hiding will turn a guy away thinking you got cold feet and he will back off. If you want this Angus there's no keeping things hidden from him."
"Sorry Daddy. I'm just...so new to this."
"I get that. Honestly, I'm glad you're new to this instead of..."
"Being like Mom?"
"You do know we were a lot younger than you when you and your sister were conceived. Yes, I'm glad you've waited. While I'm not expecting you to wait forever to have sex I do want you to know what you're getting into. Most important thing is this Angus wears a rubber. I don't want you pregnant."
"What if he doesn't have a rubber when we get this far?"
"Then tell him no. There's other things you two can do without...fucking."
"Like what?"
"You both have fingers and tongues. Improvise!"
"You mean a blowjob?"
"That's one thing. Fingering you...well I guess that should wait until after you lose your virginity...too deep and too fast he might break your hymen and take your virginity that way."
"It sounds painful."
"No lie...it is...your Mom cried for an hour back in the day. Messy too."
"I don't want to picture that. Who puts the rubber on, me or Angus?"
"He wears it but I'll tell you a secret...a guy likes it when a woman puts it on for him. It's erotic seeing her want the guy so bad she assists him."
"Daddy? Do you have a rubber?"
"Yeah, actually I do...for when your mom is on her period."
"Can I...see one?"
"Now that I can do. It's great that you're taking interest in protection. We should have had the talk with you two long ago. Be right back." He took a walk leaving her to watch him step out, once gone she kicked her feet excitably at how easily her Father was being cooperative. Hearing a dresser drawer open and close she calmed her glee and laid there looking for him. Returning with a single wrapped condom he holds it up for her to see between two clamped fingers, technically the two fingers he would use on Josie. Motioning her to scoot over he sat down next to her on the side of her mattress. "Here! You open it and take it out of the packet."
Sitting up she rolls to her knees and repositions to rest her bottom over her legs. Taking the condom she studies it then tears it open, digging out a blue latex rubber that was like a huge ring. Admiring it she frowns, "This fits a guy?"
"Most guys, unless he's huge."
"Like yours is Daddy?"
He chuckles and looks down at his lap, there was no hiding his monster, "Obviously that fits me soooo. Stop looking at it." He covers her eyes with a palm making her giggle. She returns with a dose of his own medicine.
"No fair. You see me naked. If I can't cover up you can't. So hands off Mister."
"Getting a mouth on you Punkie." He grins and removes his hand. "I think we have a banana downstairs you can practice putting that rubber on. I can even show you a trick."
"Daddy?"
"Yep?"
"Does Mom...have toys?"
"A few. Ah! You don't know much about toys either do you?"
"Not really. Just what Andrea and Sandy show me, they use them. Don't tell their parents."
"That's on them. Alright you hang on to that rubber I'll let you borrow some of your mom's toys to experiment with. Our secret. Your mom hasn't used them in ages anyway. Let me grab a couple and clean them off with alcohol." Again he leaves her excited and incredibly wet. She prayed her Mother and sister would stay gone for a few hours longer. She wanted Henry to get...motivated to go even further if she could get him too. Hopeful at best considering he did appear invested in offering her insight. Sadly in her mind she rambled, "This could be the day." For what remained to be seen.
After a good five minutes away Henry returned wearing jeans and a belt. Seeing him having changed from his loose sweats she pouted and found despair creeping in. "You changed."
"Yeah, I had an idea concerning the best way to get you started on how to greet this Angus, or any guy you might date in the future for that matter."
"You only changed your pants because your...thing was getting hard to hide."
"Wasn't the intention, but now that you mention it I do feel it was a bit too much you seeing it tenting out like it was."
"I've seen it already Daddy. I'm not embarrassed over it."
"You might not be, I just don't think it's...helping the situation."
"Did you go get a banana?"
"All out. Someone ate it, I figure Sable as a snack before heading to see Travis."
"Bitch." Dakota snickered, "I wanted to put the rubber on it."
"She's not a bitch, besides this is a better test subject." He reveals an eight inch dildo that looked incredibly life like, in flesh tone, and in veins. Dropping her jaw at the sight she gravitated toward it with interest.
"Gosh...Mom uses that?"
"It's clean now, not that you're using it where you might think. This is just to get used to how a man is handled. You can practice putting that condom on it as if helping your future beau."
"Okay." She looks around her for the opened Trojan and snaps it from her blanket to show Henry she was ready. Sitting next to her she repositions Indian style on her mattress and accepts the dildo as if a trophy for some award show. Giggling up a storm she looked it over from top to bottom, "It even has...balls."
"It's the kind you can stick on a hard surface and ride it. Your mom tends to use it in the shower by pressing it up against the wall."
"Wow!"
"Yep! Wow!" He laughs and rubs the back of his neck, then tilts his head from side to side until it cracks for comfort. "Give it a shot."
"Against my shower wall?"
"Noooo!" He pelts her forehead playfully, "Roll the rubber over the girth of the dildo until it goes all the way down."
"K!" She reluctantly puts it between her crossed legs in order to hold it better and still use both hands. Hovering the circular rim of the latex she begins rolling it down over the full eight inches, stopping slightly above the testicles. "That was easy."
"Even better when you put it on the real thing."
"Can I practice on yours?"
"Uhhhh! No. Not going that far Punkie. You can reserve that honor to the boy of your dreams."
"Please Daddy?" She begs reaching over to touch his leg. Eying her hand he shakes his head no once again. She knew that look, she wasn't going to get to do it. "Sorry Daddy, I just want to get good at everything before I get to Angus."
"I can understand that Kota, but women and men have learned together since the dawn of time. All I aim to do is give you a guideline to go by." He pulls away and stands up, "Alright as wrong as this is I'm going to let you learn how to take a boys pants off." He points at his feet, "Kneel down here on the carpet."
Casting aside the dildo she leaves her bed and drops to her knees in front of him. Looking up at him without blinking was trouble already, Henry grew harder beneath his jeans, even she noticed the thick crease along the uprising of his inseam. Eyes flaring at its growth she blushes. "Did I do that to you Daddy?"
"Unfortunately! Reach your hands up and unbuckle my belt. Once that's done unclasp the button and pull the zipper down. Try doing it without looking at what you're doing and keeping your eyes on his...mine."
"This is fun." She laughs and reaches for his belt and follows the routine he instructed her to. Feeling her hands in motion while looking into her eyes Henry melted a bit.
"Yeah, for you." He sighs.
"You're not having fun?"
"Trying not to." He grit his teeth hissing, "This isn't going much further Punkie." Once his zipper is down she dares to look at his boxers tented out. Spotting his dick peeking through a single tiny button she shivers, "Do I unbutton the underwear too?"
"Better not." He huffs his cheeks, "He's not coming out for you."
"How am I supposed to learn if..."
He pulls away slightly and grabs the dildo from the bed and stands back up straight. Removing the rubber he brings the dildo down over his own crotch as if it were truly his penis. "There touch that as if it's Angus standing here."
"Gosh...Okay." She nibbles her lower lip and reaches up with both hands and tries a slow stroking method. "Like this?"
"Not bad. It's a start. Here, put the condom back on it while I'm standing." He passes it to her trembling fingers. Taking it she applies it again until successful.
"I did it."
"That you did." He backs up and takes the dildo away from his lap, once again removing the condom. "Okay, I think that's enough of this thing for today."
"Noooooo! Teach me more. We never have time alone."
"You're right. There's only so much I can show you when Sable and your Mother are around."
"I might not have sex immediately, we can practice with Mom's toy another time."
"You can keep this under your bed somewhere. Practice sucking on it, licking, things you can do in private. What can we do that doesn't require this dildo?"
"Kissing again? Touch?" She yearned for guidance.
"Alright we can do that I guess. Let me go change back into my sweats for comfort." He heads back to his bedroom and changes all over again, again wearing sweat pants that were cut off just above the knees. Light grey and a tad baggy he trudges back into her room to witness her licking the crown of the dildo.
"Am I doing this right?" She was licking the crown with the foreskin facing Henry. She practiced while looking at his tented sweats.
"Turn the dildo around." He takes it from her and twirls it the right way. "Put your tongue right where my fingertip is." Applying it she accidently licked his finger making Henry pause to call himself crazy. "This is the foreskin. It's one of the erogenous zones for a man. Meaning sensitivity spot. You want him rock hard this is where it starts. There's also starting your tongue on the scrotum and dragging your tongue all the way up the shaft until you reach the area I just pointed at."
"So we're still practicing with it?"
"You started while I was gone, might as well give it a few licks." She had an impressive vibrancy to her activity, Henry had to stretch out on his stomach to avoid her seeing just how massively hard he was getting. Part of him thought he should have left his jeans on but he wanted flexibility. Taunting his gaze with her fondness for licking he finally had to shut her down, "That's enough."
"I was going to suck on it."
"Do that on your own time. Mainly because I don't need to see a dick in my daughter's mouth."
"You were going to kiss me more?" She gives up on the chance to tantalize him by putting the dildo into her mouth. She too was reluctant, because of it belonging to her mother. Now that it had occurred to her more she felt dirty inside. "Should I brush my teeth first?"
"No, let's get this over with. I have work I need to get done, e-mail's to look over."
Uncertain what to do she casts the dildo aside then flopped forward on to her belly beside Henry. His eyes immediately drawn to her next to perfect backside. Her ass crack was one heck of a stunning landscape, dipping deep with cheeks rising up on both sides, plump and full in a heart shaped pattern. Some lucky guy would fall in love and this tight little ass was going to be the first heart spinning around his head. Puffing his cheeks as she explores his reaction to her body he rolls closer to her his tented erection brushing along her hip as he got comfortable, as cozy as he would ever get. The sensation of his sturdy drive by made her blush and drop her head on to folded arms, her eyes sparkling as she awaited whatever he had in store for her.
Deciding something simple to lead into an obviously stressful kiss he gently raked his knuckles along her spine, going from neckline straight down to her butt cracks highest ascent. She tensed up and giggled, "That tickles."
"I can stop." He removes his hand only to have her panic and scoot even closer.
"Noooo! I need to know what Angus...or whoever might do."
"Right! The simplest way to know a guys true intention is if he lightly caresses your body. If he tries going for just sex then he's not who you should be with. Kisses and touch should be an equal devotion."
"So, I touch him softly like this too?" She gravitates her left hand over his abs and teases his not quite six pack with delicate fingers, she grew mesmerized by the feeling of his flesh. His hand returning to her back the knuckles evolve into palms and he covers more territory, her body twitching at how gentle he was. "This feels nice Daddy."
"It should. Touch is 80% of what love should be. The other 10 is fulfillment...intercourse."
"I want you to show me everything Daddy."
"Not intercourse. That's for you to figure out with this Angus or whomever you choose to be with."
"Can you at least get me as close as possible? Without...going there."
"You sure don't ask for much do you Punkie?" He rolls his eyes then rolls over toward her, she joining him in that roll until she was on her back, he halfway on top of her upper body, his erection still grazing her hip bone. Gentle hands remove strands of hair from her face as he caresses her cheek, finally palming one side of her face. Leaning in to kiss her lips he started tenderly, then applied his tongue to hers.
As the sensual battle intensified he rolled even closer and kissed her harder, his hands moving lower to tempt her throat and shoulder. Fingers fanning toward her breast he falls short of squeezing a tit. It took Dakota to guide his hand over her right breast and compress his fingers around it. Two light grasps he swats her hand aside and mumbles, "Hands off. A guy locates things on his own when he's ready, no pressure on your part." He speaks with a whisper, their lips still touching until he had said what he felt was required, then kisses her harder than before. While kissing was innocent enough in his mind the longer she moaned the harder this was to accept on his part.
Abandoning her lips he kissed along her throat, her chin rising to embrace his attentions. "Ohhhh Daddy." over and over he finally had to stop and lift away, remaining close just no longer kissing on her. Pulling her along with him she lays halfway over his chest, her tits teasing his ribs and upper abdomen.
"Kiss on Angus." He prompts her into envisioning Angus instead of her Father. Yeah, not today, today she envisioned Henry. Her kisses start over his hairy chest, hands gliding over the waistband of his sweat shorts. In the provocative movements Henry hadn't realized that his waistband had lowered some in their movements. The tip of his cock was slipping upward under the loose band and into sight. Closing his eyes to embrace her kissing he overlooked it entirely. Dakota however did not. She ran her fingers as close as possible nearly touching his urethra zone but falling a millimeter short, worried he might get mad and end her training.
She could tell his cock was growing tighter by it's purplish hue, it's persistent winking at her calling out for her to come closer. Lips kissing along his torso she crept lower and lower, Henry allowing it at the moment. His problem was he was now picturing Svetty and Tessa in the brown wigs resembling the hair of his daughters. He was losing sight of when to shut Dakota down. It took a warm exhale from far too close lips to drift over his revealed crown to snap him back to reality. In a brash move Henry rolled her over on to her back and followed her until he was essentially in a missionary position should he press onward. One leg to each side of him he fell forward over her and kissed her some more, her hands surrounding his back to palm his shoulders.
In his feverish kissing his hips began to gyrate some, his tented crotch rubbing between her wet thighs, the exposed crown tempting her thin patch of pubes, the closer his brushes got to her clit the more she clung to his hips with her kneecaps. Toes tickling his shins seemed so very right.
"FUCK!" Henry pulls away in a quick retreat leaving Dakota haunted by his demeanor. In his escape his cock burst free of his curling shorts a good four inches until he tucked it away and crawled from her mattress. Standing up he stared at her almost upset gaze, tears welling up at being tossed aside. Was this how Angus would do her? Mace even? Any boy out there?
"I'm sorry I'm not appealing Daddy."
"Not...appealing? JESUS! I have to go for a walk, cool down."
"Are you...done teaching me forever?"
"I don't know right now. That got a little too real Kota. I...do your homework or something." He inhaled deeply then left her room. The second he faded from view her fingers went to work over her clit, she needed to touch herself and visualize Henry taking her all the way. The eldest of two twins was on a mission.
Across the hall in his bedroom Henry discovered he needed air so burst out on to his rooms private balcony, facing Piper Cherry's home. Gripping the railing tightly he closed his eyes, "Dammit! That was way too much. I-wish Josie was here so we could..." His attention lowered down into the large window onlooking Piper Cherry's bedroom below. From his balcony it was a perfect view of her king size bed. On it looking frustrated was Piper herself, totally nude and pushing her dog aside for getting too close to her privacy. Once alone Piper touched herself and began arching her back. If Henry knew all that Piper had been through today in school and on her way home he would understand her needs.
"Why the hell not."
Leaving his balcony he stopped in the hallway to hear Dakota moaning loudly and watched her briefly as she mumbled, "Daddy." Teeth gnashed he placed a hand inside his shorts and rubbed his cock until he just had to stop or walk back in there and do the unthinkable. Growling under his breath he gave up and raced downstairs. Out the front door without care in only his shorts he crossed Piper's yard, unlike him to trample grass but he was in a hurry.
At Piper's front door he just barged right in and passed by an awestruck Mace Belmont watching Piper over the surveillance monitor in her hallway. Shocked by Henry's sudden intrusion Mace used his back to block the monitor of he watching his Aunt masturbate. Ignoring Mace, Henry just walked right into Piper's bedroom and slammed her door. Her dog Rotten growling found a finger pointing at the pup.
"HEEL!" Rotten just cowered.
"Henry?" Piper sat up just as he launched himself over her body. Her tone changed just as he pinned her to the mattress and took her cunt with very little effort. "What brought this on?"
Not a single word spoken Henry destroyed the bombshell blond.
No complaints on her part.
Mace? Monitor duty was intense. Hearing his Aunt moaning and screaming under Henry's frustration he found himself divided between the monitor and her bedroom door eavesdropping. Jerking off at her enthusiastic yelps Mace Belmont nutted on her door, then minutes later the wall beneath the surveillance screen. He even snuck outside and crept to Piper's bedroom window to slyly get a birds eye view of him destroying his Aunt.
"Holy crap! That should be me."
Hearing a competitive set of cries coming from the McKellen house he swore he heard Dakota scream, "DAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDYYYYY!" Yep! Nutted under Piper's window sill. Rotten jumping up on the window to see Mace the boy grimaced, "Why are you in there and not me? Don't look at me like that you smug bastard."
His dick slightly raw Mace gave up and put his big boy away.
Hands off was the best medicine.