"HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLP!"
Travis Herbert was trapped behind enemy territory. Having been superglued into his giant bird costume as the Swallows mascot he had tried to make the best of it. With all of the attention on the Swallows cheerleaders on the Home side of the field as they appeared to be masturbating he was pretty much on his own. Not even the Marquette Coach Maya Trinidad put a halt to the boys torment instead preferring to discuss things with her boyfriend Chism Goforth over his secretive betrayal with Piper Cherry in the restroom. Enemy of my enemy is me! So they say!
"Who's in the bird suit?" Cheerleader Claire Morgan grabbed Trav by his beak trying to remove the helmet. With no success she gave up and merely peered through the thin visor at Trav's eyes. "Looks like a nerd to me."
"HEY!" A saving grace voice was heard drawing the eyes of the entire Badgerl squad. All but Jolene Waco who steered clear of the situation. "LET THE BIRD GO!" Who was it? Trav had never heard her voice before but he was glad someone was intervening.
"Fuck you!" Came the unmistakable tone of Knox Hardecker healed from his earlier sacking by Jolene Waco was back to his cocky self, "You're not part of this Hottie so go away." Knox and his Marquette buddies were filtering down from the stands to join the cheerleaders.
His savior in the form of a newly acquired girls Coach named Jin Zellers had witnessed Trav's situation and just couldn't stand by and watch things unfold as they were. Why he was flying way over here she was uncertain but it looked bad. She having graduated at Marquette a few years back the newer classes barely remembered her Volleyball days.
"Don't make me kick your ass...ASS!" Jin pointed at Knox, his friends offering a flurry of "Whoaaa!" Knox wasn't afraid of any woman so rolled his eyes and proceeded to smug up on her with a glare of bravado as he tried to save face from earlier.
"You're on our turf now KPOP!" Ohhh! Racism! "You a member of Blinkpink?"
"That's Blackpink, and don't you dare put down my girls." She was indeed a KPOP fan. Go BTS!
"Wouldn't think of putting those down." He lowered his gaze to her floppy t-shirt. "Featherweight!" A fluff at her Swallow's t-shirt and the feathers on her shoulders he chuckled.
"Bet I'm not." She didn't flinch for a second.
While Knox kept her busy, the Badgerls taunted Travis even harder. A cherry lip gloss found Badgerl Deborah Boone bent down behind Travis as the cheerleaders held him captive. Writing on his exposed ass through the potty port the words "LICK ME!" rather than Kick Me in a traditional sense they laughed over his missing tail feathers, they glued up over his back.
"Fly away annoying birdy." Cheerleader Kismet Shonkweiler pushed him away and let him stumble about like a lost Dufus. Getting his bearings in a glued on bird helmet with a dark screen visor over his eyes the only real lighting he had was the large pole lights above the playing field. Even worse the girl in the Badger mascot uniform drug him around the barrier fence and kicked him in the ass with her big fur boot. Harmless but hilarious due to it's size. The Marquette audience laughed. This led to Badgerl Betty the mascot to do a victory dance.
"Your bird flew the coop KPOP! You can go now." Looking out at Travis making his escape Jin Zeller's nodded and opted to turn away. In doing so Knox noticed her low hip huggers and her G-string band resting high on her hips. Reaching out he gave her a wedgy. His band of bleacher Badgers holding their breathes after a ballad of, "Oh shit Hardecker." followed by laughter. Jin halting in step winced at her patch yanked up between her labia and grit her teeth. "Oh no, he didn't!" Returning to face him Jin smiled.
"That actually felt lovely! It would have been better if an asshat like you hadn't been the one to do it."
"If you liked that we should go to my office." He cast a thumb behind the bleachers into the shadows. "I'll kiss it and make it feel better."
"Mmmmm!" She feigned a bashful flirt, "You convinced me." She took his hand and led him behind the Marquette side of the bleacher rows. Back there she threw her arms around his neck as if ready to kiss him when he found her knee in his groin.
"Not again." He groaned.
In a blur she stepped back and pummeled Knox in the chest with both of her fists repeatedly like lightning strikes. He never stood a chance. His boys looking over the top row saw her martial arts moves and busted up. Two more hand slaps to his face before he could blink she went under his armpit and came out behind him. Doubling him over she returned the wedgy yanking his boxers up from beneath his jeans. Hearing him howl she at her canopy hold over his balls, she drug him around the bleachers to face the audience. Looking up at many of the parents that recalled her Marquette days Jin Zellers chuckled. "
He wanted to bow before you with respect." A kick of her leg over him as he bent forward in agony she showed off her Tae Kwon Do skills, rolling her back over his to prove her dominance. Landing on his other side she started to walk away.
Before following Travis Herbert out on to the field she was met by Cheerleader Jolene Waco who actually bowed to her. Jin returned the respect then they high fived one another. Of course Jolene found her fellow cheerleaders mumbling "Traitor!" She simply took her place in line. The Badgerl's knew she was the baddestgerl on their squad. All forgiven!
On the Swallow's side of the football field the Swallower's were still on their backs itching their exposed cunts and crying out in both misery and ecstasy. Sadly the itching power in their now useless G-strings had viciously tormented the one area that meant a dual impact. It was impossible not to rub their clits as they scratched and cursed at the top of their lungs. Piper Cherry luckily had taken hers off before the dental thread used on the material dissolved under intense moisture. Sweat and horniness was a useful additive in the sewing department of Crown Prints where a certain Odessa Bradley worked. She was feeling horrible now that her handiwork was taking its toll.
"No! I'm such an idiot." She circled nervously in step out away from all ears and eyes. Tears falling at letting her sister Ophelia talk her into this prank was hitting her hard. This would likely ruin her friendship with Mace Belmont. So much for that threesome with Ophelia. "IDIOT! IDIOT! IDIOT!" Poor girl felt very, very alone.
Piper stressing over her girls wasn't even certain what was going on at first. With the game paused due to the disturbance both Coaches Roman Crandell and Chism Goforth as well as the attending Ref's utilized their silver bullet whistles to guide their teams in formation. The Badger's respectfully making a wall around the Swallowers had their backs to them. Not so much respect in reality they certainly wanted to watch those sexy young sluts with their legs wide and moaning. They knew what their Badgerls had done to them and it was hilarious but even they felt badly to a point. Of course they would gladly offer to help rub that itch until all better. Maybe later Boys!
With Angus Furlong seeing his girl Robin's expression of pain and delight combined he assisted in his teams own gallant formation. They however chose not to turn their backs. Big Calvin joining Angus directed his team including those rushing over from the sidelines by yelling, "HUGGLE UP!" That meant the guys closing rank right around their girls and dropping to their knees facing them in a tight wall of protection. A shame to say it looked as if they were just wanting a front row seat to see which Swallower would cum first. Coach Crandell jus took his ballcap off and turned toward Piper.
"What is this shit Counsellor?" He was joined by Coach Goforth, he too trying not to laugh. Having just joined Roman after talking to Maya Trinidad on the opposing side he almost felt badly for the girls. Maya was behind the prank as much as the girls on her squad, she knew of the inevitability and said nothing. Even Waterboy's were bringing hydration out as if to flush away the itching the Swallowers were enduring. Wet t-shirts did not help.
On the sidelines Sable McKellen was glad she wore her own undies. The sole Cheerleader not squealing and on their backs she just didn't know how to respond.
"Oh my gosh! This is insane. First Travis sneaks off on me, now this."
Even worse next to her the newest addition to the squad Brandon Foster aka Brandy was now itching his own privates. It looked as if he were jerking off but tugging his uniform shirt over his mischief. The itch had struck his scrotum as hard as it had the Swallowers. Sable could only whine for their insane predicament. In her misery she found Travis out on the field stumbling about.
"What's he doing?" Seeing Trav twirl about on the open field lost she saw the graffiti written on his ass, "Noooo! Where are you Mom?" That stapler mission was taking Josie forever. Gonna be a loooong wait Sissy!
Speaking of Sissy, Dakota McKellen and Mace Belmont had slipped away walking Rotten to keep him controlled. Out toward the parking lot Dakota stopped his stride by grabbing his shirt. "Hold up! I'm sorry I referred to you as my boyfriend...well, as your girlfriend. I know you liked that girl with the poofy hair."
"Odessa! She's awesome but what you said wasn't a problem I'll fix it."
"I hope this doesn't ruin our movie night tomorrow. Sable and I've been looking forward to it all week."
"No way! We're gonna party our asses off." He chuckled.
"I've never...we've never been to a real party. Are we...drinking?"
"Ever drink?"
"No. Well, wine I guess, but only a sip. Daddy won't let us try anything harder." A brief look at his crotch at the word harder she pouted. In her thoughts she found her evil side, "I really hope I can see that up close tomorrow night. I like Angus but as long as he's seeing Robin too, I can do what I want. I want...to hold that." Thoughts of her Father's dick only fueled that desire. She was tempted to touch it here and now. Bad timing!
"What's going on out on the field?" Mace moved away, Rotten barking at seeing Travis in his Big Bird outfit. Whistles having alerted their curiosity Mace started aggressively walking back toward the field. Dakota stomped her foot at being interrupted and gave chase, her titties dancing in the dark. The night was still young and so were they.
"Accident maybe?" She whimpered then realized, "Oh no! Maybe it was Angus again." Like a light she bolted past Mace, now he in turn checking out her tight ass as she ran off.
"Fuck! I really hope I can get her naked tomorrow night." Feelings mutual! "Shit! I need to stop before I get hard again. All these cheerleaders, then that Trinidad lady. So many women so little time. Oh fuck! There's Travis...what's that other Mascot doing?"
In the distance he saw the Badger Mascot running after Travis almost as if threatening him. Rotten also eying the big furry animal and big feathered bird lost his mind and yanked hard on his leash pulling Mace off his feet and dragging him to the ground. An even harder tug on his arm Mace felt his shoulder pop and was forced to let go of the leash. Groaning he sat up on his knees holding his arm. Nothing broken just a twinge but it could have been worse. "CRAP! HEEL!" Usually worked! Not tonight! Rotten was full of angst. Who wasn't?
Shooting past even Dakota the girl dropped her jaw then stopped cold. "Mace?" He was on his knees looking hurt, she was torn between Angus possibly being hurt too and had to dart her gaze back and forth in making a decision. Does she choose Mace or Angus?
"I'll help him. Go on."
"Odessa?"
"I won't hit on him."
"No. Go right ahead. He and I...broke up." Off she went. Justice was done! Odessa in turn wiped her tears and ran to Mace's side. A quick fawn over his minor injury they too ran for the field.
"What's going on?"
"I'm to blame. Itching powder in those G-strings I added to the shirt order. I shouldn't have listened to Ophelia when she begged me to pull this prank. Please forgive me?"
"HAHAHAHA!" He burst into laughter, "That's awesome!"
"It is?"
"Hell no! But, I'm not mad. Come on I won't rat you out." She found a smile in her stress. Odessa Bradley was right on his tail. "I have to get our dog." Twin bolts of lightning gave chase. Too bad he couldn't see Odessa's tits flopping about either. He was sure missing out.
Dakota reaching the sidelines ran up to her sister Sable fretting over Travis being tackled by the Badger Mascot, they rolling around to a roar of laughter on the Marquette side. Jin Zeller's was no longer there to protect the boy having ran back to see the commotion and convene with Piper and the Coaches. Hearing of the situation even Coach Crandell had to laugh. Piper swatting him spotted Jin and waved her in. A quick introduction of a possible new girls Coach in Jin she said her first hello to Roman. Coach Chism Goforth checked the Korean beauty out from head to toe. She in turn saluted him with, "Hey Cowboy."
"Fuck! I hear orgasms." Piper grit her teeth. "We need a distraction before the fans in the stands get uneasy. Roman...try and contain the team we both know they've all slept together at some point."
Goforth chuckles, "Sounds like our girls."
"Aren't you and that Maya living together?" Jin pointed out. "Why is she letting our girls suffer?"
"Don't you worry I'll be taming my Filly after the game. Uncalled for! I had no idea of the itching powder. It is funny but I do feel lousy for my girls prank Coach." He patted Roman on the shoulder.
"Don't pat me! They're her girls." Roman nodded at Piper.
"He patted me earlier." She smirked, "Let me put together a diversion. Follow me Jinjitsu."
"Why does everyone keep calling me that? I know Tae..." Piper didn't let her finish gripping her shirt to drag her along behind her. "Find us alternative cheerleaders we're putting on a show."
"Got it!" Jin found her sister Kim and her girlfriend Annette flirting with the shared company of Mimi Alexander and her bestie LeAnne, shared meaning one Swallows jersey worn by the both, they nude beneath and loving the confinement. Dragging them into duty amid laughter the four ladies circulated the fence line looking out at Travis and the Badger mascot wrestling. Too funny! Did they really need any other diversions?
Piper looking for Josie found Sable and Dakota. "You're up Newbie!"
"What?" Sable bulged her eyes. "What about Trav?" She pointed her boyfriend out. Sadly, Sable was ogling Corey Samson who had given up guard duty on the lady birds. "Okay! I'm in." This was her chance to get Corey to notice her more. Travis was on his own. Man up you Big Chicken!
Friends Andrea Beckett and a very reluctant Sandy Martin was also lured from the stands. An attempt to recruit Patrice Hollander was met with resistance by her sister Cornelia, Damon made certain Piper was aware there was no way in hades.
"Where's Josie?"
"WHO KNOWS!!!" Both McKellen sisters rolled their eyes. She had been MIA for almost thirty minutes. Stapler run her ass! Sable had given up on her mom long ago.
"Oh crap! I forgot Rotten." Dakota pointed as the Rottweiler stormed the field and couldn't make up his mind as to which animal looked more appetizing. Tugging at the Badger mascot's leg first Travis was given a breather as the girl inside the Badger outfit yelled, "GET OFF ME!" Travis swore she said, "GET OFF FOR ME!" Not today Barbie Badgerl!
Just that fast, Travis tried to make his escape but barely found his footing when Rotten abandoned Badger Barbie in favor of Chicken Wings! Attacking Trav's leg the dog started humping him which brought on hilarious laughter at his expense out of both sides of the field. "STOP HUMPING ME!" Badger Barbie chuckled at his entrapment, the huge pup making one hell of a bad impression. In the stands cells were recording every bit of footage they could catch. Disgracebook here he comes! Viral!
Piper cringing at Mace's negligence yet again, had to make a run for it. Abandoning her new Prep Squad to Jin the girl took over and drew the makeshift cheerleaders out in front of the Horton side bleachers. A cheer formulated while Piper raced out to intercept her dog Jin worked with Sable. Trouble was she had to shake her back into reality as she and Corey Samson shared a sudden mental flirtation.
Thankfully Roman ordered Corey back to guard duty, more cheerleaders unmistakably having unwanted orgasms at their ferocious scratching and rubbing stimulation. Angus peering away from Robin Banks in her misfortune spotted Dakota pouting. Reading Dakota's lips saying, "Are you okay?" He gave her a nod with a shrug. Dakota knew the situation better now, but needed Angus to know he was on her mind. At least it wasn't on Belmont at the moment.
"ROOOOTTTTTTENNNNNNNNN?"
Piper ran faster than she had in her life. Mace and Odessa slamming against the fence right next to Dakota startling her. Angus seeing him right next to her instantly grew jealous. The fact Dakota looked at Mace with bright eyes mostly from the shock it seemed as if she was more into him than she let on. Knowing Odessa Bradley though, she clinging to Mace's arm was the only thing that prevented him from leaving Robin's side.
A stare down at Robin to see her eyes white from cumming against her will Angus just couldn't leave her. Somewhere along the line the itching powder had to stop itching right? The entire football team was struggling, their hard shell jocks beneath their pants did not have breathing room for erections. Pain on everyone!
The Marquette Badger's still standing with their backs turned was laughing at Perbert's dance recital with Rotten humping his leg as if obsessed. Even worse the dog discovered the cherry lip gloss and was licking Trav's cheeks. The humiliations never stopped! The only thing slowing it was Piper running on to the field her bare ass shaking along with her rebounding breasts. Reaching them she grabbed Rotten's leash first, then his collar, but breaking up his leg lock was nearly impossible.
"I'm here Travis." Piper warned him, "DAMMIT ROTTEN! LET GO!" The dog was on a mission. So was Knox Hardecker busting up next to the Badgerl's for their assist. Resilient Hardecker even with bruised balls was laughing his ass off.
"KICK HIM AGAIN BARBIE!" Knox bellowed at the Badger Mascot, the girl within really named Barbara. Behind him Jolene Waco poised her foot up between Hardecker's legs and nudged his swollen scrotum through his jeans. Wincing he turned and stepped away in a hurry. "Give it a rest Whacko. You can't tell me you don't think that shit's funny."
"I don't!"
Maya Trinidad in her micro fur bikini stepped up next to Jolene and gripped her shoulders. "Enough drop kicks Jo. Back in line! You?" She winced at Knox, "Go away! Take your amateur photographers with you."
"Whose side on you on? I know you don't like their Pep squad or you'd never have let it happen. Same for Piper Cherry, that skank is worse than you'll ever be."
"Oh really?" She stepped up to Knox palming his right cheek. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"Come on Maya...I hear you fuck every student at Marquette! I have as many pics of you as I do Piper over there. Pornstar Babe!" She took that as a compliment. "When are we gonna cozy up? I bet your cunts wet as hell."
"They say in Mexico not to drink the water." The Hispanic beauty shrugged playfully then kneed him in the nuts herself. Once doubled over she cast him aside as if nothing. Taking to the field herself, the wolf calls were in full force between her perfect body in that Badger fur micro, and Piper's bare ass mooning. Both Pep Squad Coaches were getting good at moonlighting in their spare time.
Reaching Barbie the Badger Maya turned her from the skirmish and sent her to the Squad. Trying her best to help Piper in removing Rotten's glued legs from Travis she eyed a panic stricken Piper. A mental mind reading Piper saw sympathy in the Latina Goddess. In their war on Rotten, Maya laughed at Trav's ass graffiti. In Rotten's lapping tongue over the letters the C and K were long gone. Now his ass cheeks said LIME.
"We should do tequila shots."
"Not going there." Piper hissed.
"I love your ass." Maya complimented her, "Chism did too. I'm over him eating you in the restroom."
"Trying to make friends now?"
"I'm not all bad Falcon."
"Maybe! Maybe not Titan. Night's not over." It was for Rotten as he whined in dramatic fashion. We won't go there! Pried away Travis fell forward on to his knees ass in the air. "Help up Chicken Nugget there." Piper walked away dragging Rotten forcefully.
Moving in front of Travis, Maya crouched and did her best to assist him in getting up. His bird beak being pointy jabbed her right over her cunt making her swear in Spanish. Travis replied back in Spanish. "Are you naked?" As far as he could Si! WISH BONE! Trav had a hard on seeing her 95% nudity.
"Whoa! FOLLATE ERES CALIENTE!"
She dropped him like a rock. In trying to get up it looked as if he were fucking the ground. Nothing ever changed! So much for sympathy. "Te quiero!" I LOVE YOU! Dumbass! Love 'em and leave 'em!
It took Coach Roman Crandell to walk out and pick the boy up. "You're benched Moron!"
"I wasn't my fault! I swear!" Didn't matter! At least seated his bare ass was on wood. Brandon Foster consoled him as he took a seat. His itching finally ceasing.
"I'm here for you." He rubbed Trav's leg.
"UGGGGH!"
With Sable and the makeshift Pep Squad creating stupid cheers the crowd continued to be amused. Jin doing impossible martial arts kicks and somersaults she could have easily been a cheerleader herself. Oooo's and Awes! Adding to the spectacle was Mimi and LeAnne cheering while bound inside a single shirt. There was no hiding their asses either, but the ladies could not stop laughing.
Jin's younger sister Kim and Annette spanking the confined beauties was not helping. Only Sable, Andrea, and Sandy had fun trying to keep in synch. Sandy tried much harder once she saw her crush Dirk in the stands sitting next to teacher Damon Rice. He actually looked at her. Sandy was all about showing off now. It had to be her monster tits bobbing even with a bra on.
"OVER HERE! OVER THERE! SHOW SOME LOVE TO THOSE WHO CARE!" What a cheer! The real Pep Squad were finally coping with their struggle so Coach Roman hit his whistle.
"I can't take it anymore. Hit the field or I'm calling the game." The Swallows disbanding helped the Swallower's up and guided their shirts down to cover them before stepping away. The Swallowers then heard the Badgerl's cheering on their side.
"RUB A DUB DUB! EIGHT BIRDS IN A TUB! CRYING LIKE BABIES! BLUB! BLUB! BLUB!" Where were these bitches getting these? The Swallower's battling back with the makeshift squad joining them Robin Banks took point.
"WE'LL GET EVEN! WE'RE NOT LEAVIN'! ITCHING FOR A FIGHT! HORTON-DEXTER SHOW THEM WE'RE RIGHT!"
"You heard my girl Guys." Angus chuckled. ""Let's win this for them."
Marquette High back in position at the Ref's marks, the Center Jobe Sizemore alongside their own resident giant Billy Bronx moved in line as the ball was reset. "Fun! Fun! Fellas let's make this night worth it."
"Your Swallowers came for a show." Billy chuckled. "Came hard!"
"Should be because of us fucking the holy hell out of them Bronxy." Sizemore laughed as Quarterback Brody Turnbull ended the harassment. "Wage up Furlong? We win we fuck your girls on your playing field Friday Night Lights bright."
"Yeah! They're itching to feel our big cocks in them." Player Vega Santiago laughed.
"Fair trade?" Angus mused, "We win we fuck your Badgerl's."
"Deal!"
"Includes that hot ass Coach Trinidad."
"No problem! She's sleazy easy! If you want that to happen then you arrange our team to gangbang that Piper chick." Brody laughed. He knew Coach Goforth might have something to say about that, but let Furlong think he had her. It was still possible.
Angus looking over at Piper calming her dog, her bare ass pointed right at them as if ready to be taken from behind Angus chuckled. He had faith!
"Done! Don't blow this Samson." Angus left the field to relax his shoulder. Corey Samson swallowed dryly and paced in a circle. No pressure!
"Then let's butt shoulder pads Furlong...I mean Samson."
With their wager energizing both teams they got ready to rumble.
Hopefully it wasn't fumble.