Plans for the Weekend
Joy and Austin sat very closely together at the restaurant bar. They were turned toward one another on their stools in the manner they always sat together. Austin's legs framed Joy's. His right hand rested just below her very short, black dress on her stocking-clad left thigh.
The dress was one of his favorites. He called it her "grenade" dress because it featured a large keyhole that flattered Joy's breasts and was zipped together below the keyhole. A large ring zipper pull at the top of that zipper reminded Austin of the ring on a grenade pin. Anyone's eyes, drawn to the curve of her breasts, would linger on that ring as it dangled too invitingly right there, just waiting to be pulled. If pulled, the zipper fully opened the dress except for a small rope that formed the collar of the dress and closed the top of the keyhole at Joy's neck.
The dress fit Joy like it was painted on, conforming to her breasts and the sexy muscles of her toned abs and hips. The snug fit showed quite clearly that she wore no form of underwear beneath the dress, except the garters holding up her alarmingly sexy, black stockings. Every time he looked at her in that dress, the temptation for Austin to pull that pin and let Joy's divine nakedness burst out verged on undeniable.
This time was no exception. In a dress that short, for propriety's sake, Joy's legs should have been pointed toward the bar, but they weren't. Her perfect legs pointed toward Austin and only her muscular legs pressed tightly together kept her pussy from being visible. Of course, the smooth, bare skin immediately above her pussy was easily visible to Austin and anyone behind him. In the crowded bar area, that meant several people had quite a naughty view. Joy made that view even naughtier by occasionally opening her legs slightly. Austin didn't know if she was doing that intentionally when she could tell no one was looking or if she was doing it when she knew someone was looking. Or, maybe she was counting on that ring to distract them.
Joy leaned forward and ran her hand up Austin's leg and then over his hard cock, stroking up and down his considerable bulge under his tight jeans. That move was a secret code between the two of them when they were in public. Stroking his cock signaled her desire for a kiss. Austin leaned forward and gave Joy a long, provocative kiss.
"You are fucking amazing," Austin whispered to her as they broke the kiss. "I'm about to pull that ring."
Joy smiled her naughty smile, reached up, and tugged the ring playfully. The zipper released suddenly and too rapidly sprang open several inches. Joy's breasts nearly burst out before she could yank it back closed again.
"Shit!" She exclaimed. "I didn't mean to do that!" Joy covered her mouth and laughed hard. Austin laughed with her. "I just about flashed my breasts right here in front of a hundred strangers!" Joy explained unnecessarily.
"Well, no reason why your pussy should get to have all of the fun," Austin answered.
Joy looked down at the hem of her skirt just a couple of inches below the bend of her legs. She looked back up at Austin with a devilish grin.
"Yeah, I've been a very bad girl tonight - showing off to the man behind you." Joy leaned forward and whispered into Austin's ear. "But I have plausible deniability with that. You know, it's all innocent absentmindedness with my scanty attire, but intentionally undressing in public is another thing all together."
"Well, you have pretty much done just that in the recent past." Austin paused while a loving smile betrayed the fact that he was remembering the crazy night in the hotel courtyard with Devin and David.
"Has he noticed your naughty behavior?" Austin asked quietly.
"Oh, yes. He's trying very hard not to get caught, but, yes, he's not likely to surrender his spot at the bar while I'm here."
"Baby, I love your spirit," Austin said with genuine affection.
Austin leaned back from their whispering position. "While you're torturing innocent men, tell me what you're looking forward to for our long weekend."
"Oh my god, baby! I'm so excited! I can't wait to get back to our cabin! The hot tub! Being naked in the woods! And lots of fucking!" Joy's animated excitement exploded out of her. Austin saw the couple behind Joy look at each other and crack up at overhearing her.
"And, how naughty is it that Charli will join us on Friday night?!" Joy leaned forward, nearly squealing her question and ended with her mouth open in amazement and her eyes shining brightly with that 'you know it's fucking awesome' look.
"Very naughty, my love. I'm so glad that things have gone well between you two."
Austin watched as Joy's legs opened and her pussy blinked briefly into view. He could swear that her pussy shone with wetness, but her legs closed again before he could be certain.
"I'm looking forward to two beautiful women enjoying the hot tub with me," Austin continued. "I guess that means I should bring my swim trunks and not assume we'll be naked."
"Fuck that!" Joy exclaimed. "I'm taking my bikini for when we go hiking, but I'm not wearing a damn thing in the hot tub and neither are you." Joy paused, "Why on Earth would you think Charli would expect us to wear clothes in the hot tub? You've fucked her! So have I, many times!" Joy shook her head. "Men are silly."
Austin laughed at Joy's reaction. "Ok, baby. I was just trying to be considerate."
"Considerate? You should consider that Charli probably intends to enjoy more of your big cock. I don't think she's going to have a problem with seeing you naked."
"Ha! That's good to know. Do you intend to allow her to fulfill herself?"
"No, I intend for you to fulfill her! In every way she wants! And I'm going to help! I know every sexy inch of that little girl. I know what makes her crazy. I know what makes her pussy gush. That girl is my little slut. I adore her and she is primed for more. I promise you that!"
"You've been spending some quality time with her lately." Austin grinned at Joy.
"Mmm. Lovely time. I am so happy to finally have a sexy, bisexual woman friend with benefits! Getting some hot girl-on-girl action has me so damn horny all the time! And she's a sweetheart. She's so eager to learn and so enthusiastic."
Joy leaned forward and stroked Austin's cock again. Austin leaned forward and kissed her.
"I want to try licking her pussy while you fuck her," Joy whispered to Austin. "Oh, and you know that strap-on I bought a while back? I'm taking that too. She loves it."
"That should be fun to watch." Austin grinned at Joy.
"Yes. That too." Joy grinned mischievously.
She pushed on Austin's knees. "I need to use the ladies' room."
A New Friend
Austin scooted his stool aside to allow Joy out of their lover's huddle. Joy stood and checked her stockings while Austin's hands glided across her ass. He felt the garter straps framing her tight ass cheeks. With a quick kiss, Joy slid out from between the stools and began strutting between the tables toward the restroom.
Austin's lust-filled eyes watched her sultry progress through the tables. At first, he thought, 'she's in rare form tonight', but then he reconsidered. This wasn't so rare for her anymore. She was living out her rebellious sexiness as a rule now, rather than the exception.
The night that she wore the sheer dress and red undergarments, the night that led to the impromptu orgy, had marked a new chapter for her public boldness. Now she dressed to arouse - Austin and others - and, from that impact, she enjoyed her own arousal. Joy was most excited about the attention of interested men and women, but to be truthful, she also enjoyed shocking the sexually repressed snoots at the upscale bar.
Tonight, she obviously intended to gather attention. When she wanted to be very naughty, she made sure the tops of her stockings were exposed below the hem of her dress, as she had done now. The effect of the intricate pattern of the black stockings, the top of the stockings and garter straps exposed, took her attire from R-rated to NC-17.
However, the way she was walking took her all the way to X-rated. When she got publicly horny and wanted to tease others, she naturally fell into a very liquid strut. As she took a step, her leading foot seemed to be pulled across in front of her planted foot in a way that exaggerated the snap in her hips. Her pace slowed, as if she knew she was putting on a show and wanted it to last. Every man who watched her walk hoped the show would last all night.
Some of their wives and girlfriends did not share that hope, based on their dirty looks.
The show did not last for as long as Austin had hoped and he turned toward the bar, checking the mirror behind the bar to assure himself that he would be able to spot her returning and be able to turn back to admire her. He smiled to himself and shook his head slightly back and forth.
"You're a very lucky man," the man beside Austin voiced Austin's very thought at the time.
Austin turned and finally got a good look at the man to whom Joy had probably been flashing her smooth little pussy all night. He was nearly as tall as Austin, a little heavier, a lot more tan, and dressed in an obviously expensive, dark blue suit.
"Yes . . . Yes, I am," Austin agreed. "She is beyond belief."
"I'm Mike. I hope ya don't mind me admitting that I've been admiring your wife since ya'll sat down." Mike's accent suggested Texas or thereabouts.
"I'm Austin. And no, I don't mind at all. She loves the attention." He offered his hand to Mike, who shook it vigorously. "We're not married. She's Joy, my girlfriend," Austin added. "Where are you from?"
"Corpus Christi," Mike smiled, "That's in Texas."
Austin laughed, "Yes, I know. I've been there. What brings you to town?"
"Sorry, didn't mean to insult ya. That bartender asked me if it was in Florida." Mike laughed and pointed at a young man behind the bar.
"Gotcha. No offense taken."
"I'm here for business. I'm damn happy I came to this bar tonight!" Mike beamed.
"Why's that?" Austin thought he knew, but wanted to hear it from Mike.
"Man, your woman is hot! She's like a bolt of lightnin' at a tea party in here . . . No offense."
"None taken. In fact, she'd love to hear you describe her that way." Austin laughed and glanced in the mirror. "I don't mean to be rude, but I'm keeping an eye out for her in the mirror. I hate to miss her walking back to me."
"Smart man! I'll help ya keep a look out." Mike's eyes shifted eagerly to the mirror.
"For the record, I don't usually go around telling guys their girls are hot. I'm usually a bit more couth than that, but there's something about the two of you that made me feel like you wouldn't mind."
"Joy flashing her pussy at you was probably a good hint," Austin joked.
"Yeah, that was pretty much a dead-give-away!" Mike raised his glass and the two men toasted to that.
The two men continued chatting while facing the mirror. Mike was a business man from Corpus Christi with what he called a "big fishin' boat" that he loved spending time on - hence his deep tan. Austin wondered about the size of Mike's fishing boat when he mentioned fishing from his boat in the Keys a few times a year. That seemed like a long trip for a fishing boat. Austin wanted to ask about this just as Mike interrupted him.
"There she is." Mike announced.
The men turned and watched Joy's progress as she weaved through the tables back to the bar. Her dress seemed impossibly short. Mike could not imagine how the people sitting at the tables couldn't see her bare pussy from their vantage point. Austin just assumed they probably could. Those thoughts had both of their cocks rock hard by the time Joy got close.
Joy's eyes had locked on Austin's when she first saw him turn toward her. Watching Austin admire her from afar was their custom when they went out. Joy would always make a few unnecessary trips to the ladies' room just to give Austin the show he loved. However, this time she noticed that she had another unblinking observer right beside Austin. Mike was admiring her walk and, in the process, forgetting that he and Joy had not yet been introduced. So, his blatant stare was a bit of a surprise to Joy.
Joy's eyes shifted to Mike's, then back to Austin as she walked. Austin noticed and grinned at her. She understood the signal. Mike was now a part of the game.
Joy walked right up to Mike. "Well, hi! I'm Joy, but I assume, based on Austin's big goofy grin and how you were watching me, that you might already know that."
"Yes, ma'am! I'm Mike. Nice to meetcha!"
Joy's ears seemed to perk up at his accent. She stepped back a half step and looked him up and down. Tailored suit. Expensive shoes. Big hard-on tenting his slacks.
"Let me guess - Texas?" Joy asked.
"Yes, ma'am! Corpus Christi." Mike flashed a big, happy smile.
"Ah, another Southern man with good manners. It's one of the things I love about Austin, he kept a little of his Southern accent and all of his Southern manners." She moved over to Austin and embraced him in a quick, tight hug.
When Joy released him, Austin stepped away from Mike and let Joy slip between them. He pulled the stool out for her and took a seat on the stool she had vacated.
"If you boys don't mind scooting back a little, I'll just stand here where I can talk to both of you." Joy pushed her stool farther back. She stood with her back against the bar and an admiring man on each side facing her at an angle.
"So, get me up to speed. What have you boys been talking about?"
"Mostly, how hot you are," Austin said, matter-of-factly. "Mike's here on business. He was enjoying your shenanigans earlier."
"Shenanigans? Are we in the 1800's?" Joy laughed, placed the back of her hand to her forehead and did her best Scarlet O'Hara impression, "I do declare! That woman was up to some shenanigans! By shenanigans, you know, of course, I mean dressing wholly inappropriately and acting like woman of ill-repute!"
The men laughed. Joy smiled at them. "Mike, are you enjoying my shenanigans?" Her hand touched his leg as if intently awaiting his answer.
"Yes, ma'am! Very much!"
From there, their conversation flowed with plenty of laughter. Slowly, Joy learned more about Mike. While he seemed just like a normal neighbor-next-door kind of guy, he was apparently fairly well off. Eventually, the mystery of his fishing boat getting from Corpus Christi to the Keys was solved. He had a second boat and home on Key West.
Normally, a wealthy arrogant man would be a big turn-off to Joy. She was drawn more to the edgy, free-spirited, and humble type. However, Mike didn't come off as arrogant at all and seemed reticent to admit to his means. Despite her initial misgivings about the man in the expensive blue suit, she found his down-home, yet worldly attitude to be attractive.
Within the time for her to finish one drink, she had a hand on each man's leg. Her fingers seemed to take each burst of laughter or each pull forward for a whispered compliment to be an invitation to slide closer and closer to their now very obviously hard cocks. By the time Austin ordered her a second drink, her hands intermittently stroked both of their cocks. Her right hand lingered close to Mike's inner thigh and her fingernails traced naughty circles and long traces up and down his very impressive hard-on.
Mike's right knee eventually found its way between her legs and pressed her scandalously short dress against her clit. Joy is a woman whose body moves in waves of its own volition. Without consciously planning it, Joy was slowly grinding her clit on Mike's knee. The actions of her hands and body were far from lost on the men. When Joy moved over toward Mike, Austin saw what was happening and moved his stool closer to Mike to close the viewing gap between them. Both men kept their arm farthest away from Joy extended and placed on the bar to hinder the side view a little - because Joy's urges were soon pushing the bounds of public propriety.
By the time Joy leaned forward for her first kiss with Mike, the hem of her dress had bunched up on top of his knee. Her bare pussy rubbed against his hard knee and only his leg in his blue slacks kept her pussy out of view of the patrons sitting at the tables behind Mike and Austin.
Not being able to see exactly what was happening wasn't really concealing what was happening. Anyone watching the scene from behind or on either side would know exactly what Joy was doing - especially when she moaned into her passionate, tongue-swirling kiss with Mike.
Joy broke the kiss and smiled at Mike, "I like how you kiss."
Mike seemed to be speechless. He had a look on his face like he was trying to say something, but couldn't get it to come out.
Joy leaned over to Austin and her tongue dove into his mouth. Her hands rubbed both cocks and her pussy was trying very hard to push Mike over backwards.
Joy broke her kiss with Austin with a laugh and leaned back against the bar. Austin gave her a quizzical look.
"Phew . . . umm. I should calm down," Joy laughed. "I just had this premonition that I would be trying to pull Mike back up by his cock after I tipped him over with my pussy."
"Now that's a fate I never knew I'd enjoy!" Mike laughed with her. "I did have a good grip on the bar."
Over the men's shoulders, Joy noticed a young woman staring at her, but not at Joy's face. She stared directly at Joy's now exposed pussy. Joy smoothed her dress back down, having not realized her exposure.
"As much as I hate to step away from this, I need to go to the little boys' room," Mike announced.
"Sweetheart, you need to go to the big boys' room. I can attest." Joy quipped.
She continued, "You're going to get noticed now that you've pitched your tent."
All eyes went to Mike's crotch and the downside of wearing loose boxers with loose slacks was obvious. He was going to present a very blatant male presence on his way to the restroom.
Mike stood up, adjusted himself as best he could and buttoned his suit coat. His big cock pushing out between the flaps of his coat was hilariously obscene. Fortunately, though, the spot left by his pre-cum was covered by the coat.
"I need to go too," Joy told him. "I'll walk in front of you and try to divert some attention away from your ginormous dick."
Joy grabbed her purse and the two new friends weaved their way through the tables. Mike stuck close to Joy, but Austin could tell from the looks they were getting that Joy's decoy tactic wasn't reducing the attention they received. Her tight ass snapping side-to-side with each step in front of Mike did not help his predicament one bit.
When they turned the corner near the restrooms, Austin turned back to the bar and drank deeply from his glass. 'You just never know what that woman is going to do,' he thought to himself.
A Bold New Step
Joy and Mike found one of the unisex restrooms to be occupied, leaving only one available. Mike wanted Joy to go first, but she insisted that he go.
"Clean that up good, when you get done," Joy said while she stroked his hard cock and pushed him backwards into the restroom. "I might have use of that later."
Mike stood still and smiling at Joy as she backed out and closed the door on him. Joy pulled her phone out of her purse and leaned against the wall outside of the restroom door. Across from her, a woman exited the other restroom, but Joy didn't move. Instead, Joy remained leaning against the wall and enjoyed feeling a rivulet of pussy juice trickling down her inner thigh.
Joy heard Mike flush the toilet. She heard the faucet start and eventually stop. Her heart pounded. She had a plan. Well, not a plan so much as simply very naughty idea. Finally, she heard Mike opening the door.
Joy turned quickly and helped open the door for Mike. Then, for the second time that night, she pushed Mike backward into the restroom. She closed the door and locked it behind her. Mike's bewilderment was obvious. Joy handed Mike her phone. The camera app was already recording.
"You're in charge of this," Joy said as she handed the phone to Mike with the camera pointed at her. "I want you to capture every dirty deed. Got it?"
Mike nodded.
Joy gave the grenade dress zipper pull a tug and in one quick movement her dress burst open. Joy pulled the collar of the dress over her head and stood, completely naked in front of Mike, except for her garter, stockings and shoes.
Mike had already forgotten about the phone as he stood stunned and staring at her perfect, toned body.
"Ahem!" Joy pointed at the phone. Mike lifted it and pointed it at her.
Joy hung the dress on the hook on the back of the door. She moved in close to Mike and kissed him passionately. To Mike's credit, he was trying hard to keep the camera pointed at them - the naked slut and the man in the blue suit.
"Jesus Christ!" Mike muttered when Joy broke the kiss. Joy's hands were already busy unbuckling his belt and pants. She pulled his pants and boxers down until they lay crumpled around his ankles.
"You should take them off," Joy warned Mike. "I get very sloppy when I suck cock."
As Mike stepped out of his pants and pulled his jacket off, Joy took them and hurriedly hung them with her dress on the door. She noticed the mirrored walls to her right and also behind her along the same wall as the door.
"You may want to make use of the mirrors, Mike. I want a good view of me sucking your cock when I look at this later." With that statement, Joy squatted in front of Mike and began luxuriously licking his hard cock.
She was happy that he was comparable in size to Austin. She smiled up at Mike and the camera while she rubbed her face on the underside of his engorged and veiny cock. Her smile was actually at herself for realizing she had become a bit of a size queen. She didn't just want cock. She wanted big cock.
"Uh . . . are ya . . . are ya sure Austin is ok with this?" Mike asked hesitantly.
Joy slid her lips slowly over the huge head of his dick and let the first couple of inches slide slowly against her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She sucked hard, then pulled back off of his cock with an audible pop.
"Are you trying to be honorable at a time like this, Mike?" Joy said in in a manner dripping with decadence. "Well, I admire that . . . I really do."
She licked up from his smooth shaved balls. Then her tongue traced up the total length of the underside of his cock.
"Yes, as long as you get a good recording for Austin and I to share later, I'm sure I can make him more than ok with this."
Joy shoved herself forward and deep-throated his cock. She choked loudly as her lips reached desperately for the base of his cock. She wasn't quite able to go all the way at this angle.
She pulled off, leaving his cock glistening with her saliva and a heavy strand hanging between her lower lip and the head of his cock. The strand broke and dripped onto the floor between his feet.
"He has no idea this is happening. This is for me first, but he loves for me to get what I need," Joy explained while gazing at his twitching, engorged, and wet cock.
Joy went to work on him. Up and down, her mouth and throat fucked his cock. She knew she didn't have much time, but she wanted to enjoy this fully. She looked sideways and pointed at the mirror to signal Mike. Mike moved the camera to catch a wider side angle of her raunchy cock-sucking. As he did, Joy moved up from her squatting position. Her mouth never left his cock, but she positioned herself, legs straight and spread, bent forward at the waist, with her hands on his hips for support.
At this angle, Joy knew she could deep-throat Mike just like she had learned to do with Austin. She loved to deep-throat cock now. As she shoved herself forward, she grabbed Mike's free hand and put it on the back of her head. He took the hint and help push her down on his cock.
Mike felt Joy's throat let him in for the last couple of inches. He felt the exquisite constriction around the crown of his cock from her esophagus and moaned loudly. His body swayed with pleasure and Joy had to focus to keep him deep in her throat while her choking spasms treated his cock to a very rare pleasure.
She pulled back off his cock and gasped for breath. Her saliva flowed over his balls and dripped on the floor. Her eyes watered, but those same eyes held a sexually-crazed look. She was going back for more.
Amazingly, Mike had the wherewithal to appreciate the view in the mirror behind Joy. Her legs were spread wide to lower her upper body and align her with his cock. This gave him an incredible view of her bald, dripping wet pussy and perfectly shaped ass - not to mention those super fit legs.
Without thinking about it, Mike had trained the camera on that view, just as Joy shoved forward again. Her throat spasmed as her nose pressed into his closely trimmed pubic hair.
Mike's orgasm bum-rushed him. He never had a chance to try and hold it off. Here was a gloriously fine woman whom he had just met, completely naked, throat-fucking his cock in a public restroom. He had a clear and obscene view of her pornographic body. He felt her saliva flowing over his balls. He felt her hands pulling him forward and shoving his cock deeper into her throat than any woman had ever done before. His hand, placed on the back of her head by her, pressed her hard into him as if she were a sex toy.
It was too much. He exploded in her throat and screamed in orgasm without a thought to how obvious his sound was outside of the restroom.
Joy choked and swallowed as he came. She managed to swallow most of his cum, but it was too much and she had to catch a breath, so some of it pumped out of her mouth and dribbled in a long rope of cum and saliva from her chin.
His last spurt sprayed her lips. She left it there as she stood up and smiled at Mike.
"You enjoy that?"
"Fuck yeah!" Mike answered in stunned amazement. "Holy fuck, that was insane! I never came so fast in my life! Fucking unbelievable! Thank you!"
Joy reached for her phone, then stroked Mike's cheek. "Sweetheart, I loved every second. Now, get dressed and go tell Austin that I'll be right out. Give him your contact info, if you want us to stay in touch. Do NOT tell him what happened in here! I get to do that. Then excuse yourself. I want my time alone with him tonight. I'll text him and let him know we will cover your bar tab. Ok?"
"Of course . . . You'll be in touch?" Mike asked.
"We will." Joy answered. Mike's cum was still on her face. "Hurry, baby. Get dressed."
Joy sent the text then moved near the mirrored wall. As Mike got dressed, he watched her take a couple of naked selfies with the mirror behind her, then he opened the door.
Joy blew him a kiss. "Hope to see you again soon, Mike." She said sweetly.
"Me too! I would love that!" Mike backed out of the door.
"Ok, you little slut, clean that cum off of your face and go get fucked by your man!" Joy commanded herself in the mirror over the sink.
Bold Confession
Austin knew something was up. Joy's restroom break had been inordinately long. The guy she had been blatantly flirting with all night returned sheepishly to the bar saying he'd been told to give Austin his contact information. Austin had been informed to pay for Mike's drinks so Mike could get on his way. The situation was odd, to say the least. Austin felt a little worried and kept a close eye out for Joy's return.
His worries evaporated as soon as he saw the giant, yet despicably naughty smile on Joy's face as she strutted between the crowded tables.
She seemed to move in an even more provocative way - as if lubricated, extra swivel, barely publicly legal. He couldn't quite put a finger on what it was about her. Yes, her dressed seemed like she had neglected to pull it down to its normally risqué length and now it was phenomenally slutty. The tops of her stockings weren't peeking out, there was a hands-width of bare thigh above them.
However, that wasn't the whole of it. There was something else. A glow. She looked lit from inside by a neon sign that you couldn't quite read, but you knew it said, "Happy little slut."
Austin turned with Joy as she slid back onto her barstool. His arm wrapped around her firm waist.
Joy placed her phone on the counter on the bar in front of Austin. It was on.
Austin looked down at her phone. There was his woman. Completely naked in the restroom. Smiling at him with semen on her lips.
Austin took a very deep breath and exhaled a long quiet laugh. "You little slut." Austin said quietly to her. His smile and his hard cock beneath Joy's hand let her know, he liked what he saw.
Joy took the phone from the bar and turned it off. "There's a video," she replied.
This revelation spurred Austin into action. One of the male bartenders was standing close by, obviously drawn by the lewd action earlier involving the two men and the hot woman. He had tried to be coy, but he had been attempting to see what was on that phone. Austin tapped his arm with his credit card.
"I'll be closing out my tab and also for my friend who was here." Austin told the bartender.
"That's taken care of," the bartender replied. "Your friend is a friend of the owner."
"Good to have friends," Austin smiled back at the bartender. Austin unfolded a twenty and laid it on the bar for a tip.
"Let's go! I need to get fucked." Joy insisted rather loudly as she hopped from the stool. Surrounding heads snapped toward her as she strutted away.
Austin let her get far enough away to enjoy the full view of her slut glow. Some of the surrounding eyes turned back to him.
Austin shrugged his shoulders, "Well, ok then. I got this."