Hannah was nervous and extremely uncomfortable. She had decided to insert the "resonance inducer" in the car rather than attempting to do it on the public quad of her university, and the walk from the parking lot had been rather... interesting. She did her best to keep up with Heron, but he didn't have much sympathy for her plight -- in fact, he seemed to find it rather amusing.
Despite his presence at her last session with Dr. Wilcox, Hannah had insisted on some modesty and privacy after he pulled the inducer from its case and told her what she was expected to do. He got out of the car with a shrug and a smirk and turned his back while he waited outside. The inducer was shaped vaguely like a water bird with its wings pulled in and its long neck bent back towards the body, resulting in a shape like a large candy cane. It was crafted from the same white softstone as Hannah's dolphin statue and the amulet that Danielle had worn for Jenny's wedding ceremony; the surface of it was strangely soft to the touch, but irregular and bumpy where the bird's limbs and features were crudely represented.
"Put it in your pussy with the head forward, over your clit," Heron had told her before getting out, ignoring her questions.
Hannah had turned it over in her hands several times and took a deep breath before starting to work it into her vagina. She spread her lips open with her fingers and pressed the rounded feet of the bird against her hole. The inducer was warm, smooth, and rigid, just like a cock; it felt good going in, but it still took a while for her pussy to relax and get wet enough to get the whole thing in. It didn't bend or flex, and Hannah had to shift her body around awkwardly to accommodate its length and girth inside her abdomen. The last few inches were painful to slide in as the width of the figure grew at the bird's shoulders, but she took it slow and bit her lip. Just as she felt the bulbous feet of the bird bottom out by her cervix, her pussy lips finally slid past the tapering shoulders of the bird and around its narrower neck, pulling the bird's head easily into place between her lips and over her clit. It fit like it was made for her.
Hannah had squirmed a bit, trying to get comfortable with the foreign object inside her body, but eventually she realized that would be impossible. Maybe it would be easier standing up? She had settled her sun dress around her legs,steadied her nerves, and stepped out of the car. The main body of the inducer was nearly three inches across at the widest part, which had made it quite a stretch to get inside, but the neck was barely more than a inch wide poking through her opening. Standing up, she had wiggled a little and felt confident that her pussy muscles could grip the shoulders of the heavy bird tightly enough to keep it inside. Only after this internal assessment did she blush furiously when she noticed Heron watching her.
So the three-block walk from the car to the quad had been quite uncomfortable, but eventually Hannah adapted to the heavy stone weight inside her pussy. She was glad that Dr. Wilcox had given her several exercises to train her vaginal muscles, and she practiced them as she walked, feeling every ridge of the inducer inside her.
"When we get to the quad, all you have to do is walk around the perimeter while I take my observations," Heron said. "This is really just a practice session for your benefit -- I doubt we'll find anything significant today. Oh, and don't orgasm. It'll mess up my readings."
Hannah hadn't come in almost a week, and the inducer was quite stimulating. The bird's head rubbed against her clit with every step and sent tingles through her body, but she said, "Don't worry about that. It's hard enough to keep it in and walk around." Hannah blushed again. How could she talk so openly with this guy about her pussy, anyway? Well, he had already seen her in the most humiliating situation imaginable, crawling around on the floor of Dr. Wilcox's office like a worm and then begging for an orgasm. In the grand scheme of things, going for a walk with a dildo in her pussy was pretty minor in comparison.
Heron said, "I'm glad you're so confident, but I haven't turned it on yet."
Hannah gulped. "What's the point of this?"
"Like I said, it's practice. The weather is right," he said, gesturing up at the cloudless, sunny sky, "and we need to see how you perform. Plus, I need to do some calibrations."
Hannah sighed. "Calibrate what? Observe what? I'm in on this, I'm doing what Dr. Wilcox wants. Tell me more."
Heron smiled. "You'll see, sweetie!"
Hannah spun on him and slapped Heron's face. "Don't call me 'sweetie'! I'm not your 'sweetie'!You think you're so cool, being all vague and mysterious," Hannah said, rolling her eyes and waving her hands dramatically. "With your big black coat and funny name -- 'Heron'. Whatever. I'm here to help Dr. Wilcox. You're not the boss of me, and I'm not impressed by your cool-guy act."
Heron looked at her, stunned, his nearly-black eyes wide. "What the hell? You don't have to hit me."
Hannah harrumphed and crossed her arms over her breasts, feeling her hardened nipples against her arm. Maybe she should have worn a bra and panties today, but it was hard enough to get dressed at all recently. Sandals and a sundress had seemed perfect for a day like today.
"Anyway, Hannah," Heron emphasized her name, "When you're aroused the inducer creates a resonance in girls near you, within a few feet. The more turned on you are, the stronger the resonance. It's primarily used to identify candidates for Dr. Wilcox's project. I don't expect to find anyone today."
Hannah dropped her arms. Straightforward answers were unexpected. She asked, "What kind of resonance? Why won't we find anyone here?"
Heron looked up at the sky and pursed his lips. "I don't want to waste our window, ok? Not every girl reacts the same way. We won't find anyone here because only a minuscule fraction of the female population qualifies. The pool here is extremely shallow. We'll fish in deeper water later."
"At least the girls here are all about the right age," Hannah said.
Heron nodded, surprised. "Yes. You're sharp." He reached into his pocket. "One more thing to stick in you."
Hannah glared at him but took the earbud and wedged it into her ear. "How do I talk back to you?"
"Body language?" Heron said, and split off as they reached the quad. What a dick.
Heron perched (Hannah grinned to herself at the pun) on a ledge by a large fountain that bordered one edge of the plaza, giving him an expansive view of the area. Hannah's job was to walk around the perimeter over and over, getting within a few feet of as many girls as possible for a couple of minutes at a time and then moving on. Since it was lunch time there were hundreds of people on the quad, walking, sitting, and eating.
Walking was getting a little easier, and Hannah tried hard to hold the inducer in her pussy without waddling. Her pussy was pretty juicy from the stimulation, but not sopping wet, and she eventually trusted her tightness enough to unclench. The bird's shoulders were wide enough that her pussy opening held it inside despite the weight of the stone, and she had enough muscle control that she could pull it up and in with a quick squeeze... although each squeeze heightened her arousal.
Despite walking among a crowd Hannah's focus was on her insides, feeling every inch of the large stone filling her abdomen. The smell of food made her tummy rumble, but she didn't think there was any room inside her for food right now.
She was assessing her internal state just as the inducer sprang to life inside her pussy and she suddenly yelped loudly and her knees threatened to buckle. The students around her all turned to look at Hannah as she almost fell down and grabbed onto a tree to catch herself. The inducer wasn't moving inside her like a vibrator, but it warmed up rapidly and seemed to electrify every nerve in her vaginal wall simultaneously. The bird head did the same on her clit, and Hannah felt every millimeter of every nerve in her crotch light up like a Christmas tree.
"Are you ok?" a girl asked, reaching out to take Hannah's elbow and help steady her. When her hand made contact with Hannah's skin the girl let out a small gasp and flushed.
Hannah breathed deeply and tried to collect herself, and the stimulation from the inducer gradually ramped down. "I'm fine," she said, straightening up and releasing the tree. "I just... tripped. Thanks for catching me." She felt her face burning bright red and forced herself to breathe slowly.
The other girl seemed reluctant to release Hannah's elbow. "That's, like, so weird." She stared at Hannah and her fingers tightened around Hannah's arm. The girl's breathing was speeding up and Hannah saw her irises widen. Was that the resonance?
Hannah gently pushed the girl's fingers off her arm. "I'm ok now, thanks," she said.
Once contact was broken the other girl blinked in surprise and turned to her friends. "Wow, it's hot today," she said. "Ok, see you later maybe..." She said to Hannah, trailing off and following her friends away.
Heron's voice whispered in her ear, "Oops, sorry about that. I need to calibrate it to your body. Keep moving."
Hannah steadied herself on the sidewalk and took a few steps. Her legs didn't wobble, so she started walking carefully. The inducer began to ramp up again as she walked, but slowly, and she clenched her fists along with her pussy. Could the students walking past see her arousal? She was flushed and sweating now, and her nipples thrust out rock-hard against the thin fabric of her sun dress.
The earbud buzzed, "I'll start it at a low level, but I need to get you right to the edge and keep you there."
Hannah cursed at him under her breath and began her first circuit of the quad. Lots of guys looked at her as she walked past -- but that wasn't unusual. Hannah had long, gorgeous legs, and the short dress showed them off nicely in the sun. Not to mention that her skin was flushed, her breathing was heavy, and her nipples were pressing out: men would notice, consciously or not. A few girls reacted oddly as she passed, flushing, tugging their hair, breathing harder, licking their lips, even a few moans; some gave her quizzical looks, but most showed no reaction at all.
Her pussy was getting really wet now and she gave the inducer a squeeze to push it back up. It was thick enough to stay in -- right? -- but it was heavy and her pussy was getting pretty slick. As her circuit brought her around near Heron she saw him surreptitiously manipulating another softstone artifact in his hands. It appeared to be about the size of a mobile phone, very pale blue, and vaguely squid-shaped.
Heron's eyes darted around her as she walked, resting briefly on each female she passed. They flicked to Hannah and he waved at her and smiled. She scowled at him and then jumped as he jolted her pussy through the inducer.
"Oops, calibration. Sorry."
Hannah pretended to scratch her cheek and gave him the finger as she walked past.
The stimulation kept increasing as Hannah circled the quad several more times, and she retreated into her mind and focused intently to stave off orgasm. Her pussy clutched tightly at the inducer as it pulsed inside her, and intense waves of pleasure radiated from her clit, down her thighs and up into her stomach. She walked robotically and did her best to follow Heron's instructions as he maneuvered her around the crowd.
"Check out that group of girls by the tree," he said. Then, "Follow those two girls leaving the library." And so forth.
Hannah did her best to get close to the girls, but her main focus was on holding back her orgasm. She hadn't come for almost a week -- since Dr. Wilcox, of course -- and it wasn't easy to control her body. Heron was reading her reactions pretty well, somehow, and managed to keep her right on the edge without pushing past her ability to hold back. An orgasm would mess up the resonance? Then Hannah had a horrible thought: she wasn't allowed to come when the practice session was over. Groan.
"Hey, Hannah!" A girl's voice called to her. Hannah blinked and pulled her mind out of her pussy. A girl approached her... Lily, from Hannah's history class. She was with a couple of other students, a girl and a boy; the three approached Hannah as she stood there, awkward and silent.
Hannah's pussy was throbbing fiercely and it seemed to intensify as Lily approached. "Hi, Lily," she said, and tried to keep walking. It was rude, but she couldn't talk, not in this condition.
Heron whispered in her ear, "Wait, stay near the brunette." Crap, that's Lily. Hannah's feet were glued to the ground. She could barely think. A drip of her juices trickled down her leg and she clenched her thighs tightly together.
"Hannah, hey," Lily said, her eyes widening slightly. Hannah watched her closely; the other two students held back and talked to each other. "Did you take notes yesterday in history? My dog ate mine. I know, it sounds phony..." Her voice trailed off and her eyes closed.
Hannah saw Lily's fingers flex on her notebook. Hannah couldn't explain it exactly, but she felt her pussy throbbing in synchronicity with Lily's breathing. She could feel the other girl's body turning on, feel the blood begin to flow into the muscles lining her vagina, feel her lips begin to swell.
"I can email you my notes," Hannah forced out, mechanically. Her brain knew how to follow the social script without thinking.
"Get closer to her," Heron instructed, and Hannah was eager to obey -- she felt a strong urge to wanted to embrace the slender brunette and pull her close. She took a step closer to Lily; the girl's eyes were still closed, but when Hannah approached their hands met.
When their skin touched Hannah felt the tendrils of stimulation dance out from her own nerves and leap into Lily's body. She felt Lily shudder as the wave traveled up her arm and into her core. Somehow Hannah felt Lily's nipples harden immediately; her breasts were small, and extremely sensitive. Then Hannah felt Lily's juices moisten her pussy, and felt her vagina relax for penetration. Hannah could feel Lily's clit engorge and push out of its sheath. The sensations were more intense, more detailed than when she felt herself become aroused. Hannah was used to feeling her own body, it was natural and ordinary, but feeling Lily's body erupt with sexual arousal was more intimate than she had ever thought possible.
"Maybe you two should get a room!" Lily's female friend said. Hannah's eyes opened and she saw the two watching them. The girl looked irritated, and the boy was staring, open-mouthed.
The inducer ramped down -- but definitely not off -- and Hannah pulled back from Lily. The intense feeling of oneness faded, and the girls reluctantly released each other's hands. Lily looked down at the ground and blushed, shuffling her feet, and then looked back up at Hannah with a silent question in her eyes.
Hannah cleared her throat and rubbed some sweat from her forehead. The throbbing in her pussy had relented but her thighs were soaked with her juices and she stood awkwardly with her legs together. "Yeah, I'll email you. Or call you. Or something."
Lily nodded. "What... Ok. Thanks. Let's talk later." Lily clutched her notebook to her chest and walked off, and her friends followed. The boy gave Hannah an all-too-obvious leer as he left, but she ignored him. She couldn't really blame him, after that performance.
A shadow seemed to pass overhead and Hannah looked up at the sky but didn't see anything. Hannah felt faint and the voices around her faded out briefly, but then the blood must have rushed back into her head and the strange feeling passed. "That's enough for today," Heron said in her ear. "Meet me at the car."
Hannah carefully walked back to the car. Her legs were sore from walking in a circle for an hour, her pussy was sore from clutching at the inducer for an hour, but more than anything she needed to orgasm, bad. She sat in the unlocked car to wait for Heron and spread her knees open, pushing her butt far forward in the seat. She reached her hand between her legs and felt the hard rock curve of the inducer emerging from her swollen pussy and resting against her clit. It definitely wasn't turned off. Her juices ran down over her ass and onto the car seat, and she moaned out loud. Should she just get herself off? How would Dr. Wilcox know?
As her fingers were tracing around her swollen pussy the driver's side door opened and Heron sat down. Hannah quickly squeezed her legs together, her hand still buried between them.
"I can't believe we found a prospect," he said, and then looked at Hannah. His eyes traveled up and down her body, as if evaluating her. Hannah glared at him but was past the point of blushing. "You did pretty well," he said.
Without thought Hannah's fingers rubbed under her dress around both sides of her clit, which was hidden beneath the bird's head. "I could feel every molecule of Lily's body," she said, breathing heavily. "It was amazing."
"That's the resonance," Heron said.
"What does it mean?" Hannah asked, her fingers dancing over her pussy. She couldn't stop touching herself.
Heron was still holding the squid-like figure and he touched it in a few places before answering. The stimulation grew more intense, and Hannah moaned. "I don't know everything about it," he said, watching her closely, eyes fixed on Hannah's tummy. "It means she's a virgin, for one thing, but there's more to it than that. Dr. Wilcox will want to meet her and evaluate her further -- it's 50/50 that she works out." He adjusted the squid again and Hannah bit her lip and closed her eyes. "Hannah, is there anything you need?"
Damn him, did she have to ask? No, she couldn't. "I'm not allowed to orgasm without permission from Dr. Wilcox," Hannah mumbled. "So I need you to turn the inducer off, then take me home."
"You can take it out any time you want," Heron said.
Hannah pushed her eyes open. "Why are you staring at my stomach instead of my pussy?" Her hand was moving slowly and irresistibly around her pussy lips now, circling the protruding stone; her dress had crept up, but she didn't care.
Heron shrugged. "Dr. Wilcox isn't here. What he doesn't know won't hurt him."
Hannah moaned as the power increased. "Turn it off!"
"Take it out," Heron countered.
But she didn't. She decided she wouldn't. Fuck. She had obeyed Dr. Wilcox's restrictions for months now. No, no, ok... she would take it out. She wanted to take it out. She was a good girl. She remembered the feeling of Lily's pussy coming to life, felt the blood engorging her, felt her juices flowing, felt her pussy throbbing, and suddenly Hannah was past the point of no return. Her mouth opened in a wail that started quietly and then rose into a scream. Her pussy tightened around the rock inside her and her nerves exploded. The feeling of the inducer filling her, stretching her pussy, pushing against her muscles was unbelievable. She grabbed the neck of the bird between her legs with both hands and rolled around in the seat of the car, slamming into the door as her body writhed in pleasure. She screamed again as another wave of pleasure erupted from her core, and she felt the muscles in her stomach pulsing, grabbing the foreign object inside her, clutching it.
The intensity gradually subsided and Hannah was able to catch her breath. She rolled back onto her butt, slid far forward in the seat, and forcibly spread her knees with her hands. Holding the bird by the neck, she pulled the inducer outwards. Her pussy stretched painfully as the shoulders of the bird came out -- her muscles were so tight -- and she gasped, but pulled the rest of the device out in one smooth motion. It was warm and wet from her body; her hands, legs, and dress were soaked. Crap, what had she done?
"Don't worry, your secret is safe with me," Heron said with a wink. What a dick.