Chapter 7 -- Sunday at the Beach
I awoke the next morning to the feel of a cock entering me from behind. I wasn't sure whose cock it was and somehow I didn't care. I just kept my eyes close and enjoyed it. The faceless cock started to build up a head of steam and then I felt a gush as it emptied a load of cum inside me. I had completely lost track of how many loads of cum, both masculine and feminine I had felt a part of in the last day, but I welcomed the gentleness of this faceless fuck in the morning.
I slowly opened my eyes to see Julie smiling back at me. I could see Bob behind her, so I figured that it was probably Jeff who had just fucked me. Either that or our friendly waiter had somehow made it into our room while I was sleeping. Bob had his arm around Julie and his hand lay gently on her breast. He looked at me quite lovingly as he squeezed Julie's nipples.
Suddenly, Julie sat up and said, "I'm famished. Let's all get some breakfast." She sprang from the bed like the energizer bunny and pulled on one of Jeff's T-shirts and a pair of panties. I realized that all of our clothes were in our room down the hall (did you pick that up, dear reader. We were both on the 14th floor). Julie tossed me another T-shirt and said, "Go change. We will meet you in the lobby in 15 minutes.
Bob pulled on his pants and shirt and we picked up the rest of our clothes and stepped into the hall. As we walked towards our room, I could feel the cool conditioned air as it swirled underneath Jeff's T-shirt, and I could feel his cum dripping down my leg. I stopped in the hallway and reached between my legs to scoop up a handful of his cum. Bob turned to face me as I smiled at him and licked Jeff's cum from my fingers. As I reached down for another scoop, the door next to us opened and a young man in jogging shorts and a sleeveless T-shirt stepped into the hall. He saw my hand reach into my pussy and I knew I was busted. But I didn't break stride. I looked right at him and took another scoop of Jeff's cum to my mouth and licked my hand clean. Then I reached down and wiped the dripping cum from my leg onto my hand and licked it clean.
I could feel my heart starting to pound as Bob and the jogger both stood transfixed by this super slut display. I took one more taste of Jeff's cum from my pussy and then strode off down the hall to our room without saying a word. Bob turned to follow me as the jogger stood stock still in the hallway, looking like a deer in the headlights of a semi truck. Bob opened the door to our room and let us in and as he closed it, he said, "That was Nasty. With a capital N. You could have knocked either of us over with a feather with that stunt."
"Well, I felt Jeff's cum dripping down my leg and I just naturally wanted to keep it off the carpet," I said with an innocent grin on my face. "He just happened to catch me in the act. And then... Well, I just let my fingers do the talking."
"Right. I'll have to remember that. Let your fingers do the talking. Let's get dressed. Julie and Jeff will be waiting for us."
I pulled off Jeff's T-shirt and found a simple sleeveless yellow cotton dress that buttoned up the front. I slipped it on and grabbed a pair of sandals and said, "I'm ready. What about you."
"I want to shave and brush my teeth," said Bob. I reached between my legs and could feel a slight stubble.
"Good idea," I said. "Will you shave me too, please?"
Bob looked at me and grinned. We both brushed our teeth and walked back into our room to get my cell phone and then sat down on the toilet with the lid down and spread my legs so Bob could shave me. He lathered me up and started to carefully shave my pussy while I dialed the phone. Julie answered and I said that we were going to be a few minutes late. She asked if everything was OK and I told her that my pussy needed shaving and that Bob was shaving me as we spoke. I heard her giggle and ask me to put the phone on speaker mode. I turned on the speaker and Julie said, "Now Bob, I want you to shave her really close so I don't get any whisker burns when I lick her again, but make sure that you don't cut her or I will bite your cock the next time I am sucking it."
I could hear people talking nearby as Julie spoke and I heard Jeff laugh as I responded. "Don't worry, sweetie. Just make sure you are well shaved too. We will be down shortly. Love you."
"Love you too, my darling. Bye."
I hung up with a lump in my heart. I knew that I was falling in love with Julie and that scared me. Was my desire for her going to hurt my marriage? Was Bob going to be OK with all of this? I looked down at Bob as he diligently examined my pussy for stray hairs. "Your tongue is much more sensitive than your hand" I reminded him.
He looked up at me and smiled as he bent his face to my pussy to give it the tongue test. "Feels pretty smooth to me," he said. "So let's get going. We have lots to talk about."
I felt my heart go thump as he said that. "Are you OK with all of this?" I asked.
He looked at me and gave me a deep smile. "I have loved you since the day I met you," he said. "In the last month, we have experimented in ways that I could not have imagined before Judi's gangbang. We opened Pandora 's Box that evening, and as the parable says, once that box has been opened it can never be closed. The original Pandora was a beautiful evil, designed by the gods to punish and torment men. Nothing we have done feels remotely evil. Nasty maybe, but not evil. Certainly what we have done would shock many people, and I'm sure the religious right wingers would say that what we have done is commit grievous evil sins. But I believe that sinning is simply making mistakes. Was anything we have done a mistake? I don't think so. How about you? Are you OK with all of this?"
I looked at him and knew in that moment why I loved him so deeply. "I have loved every moment, even with the jogger. The only thing that concerns me is how attracted I am to Julie. I know I am in love with her, but it is a very different kind of love that I feel for you."
"Tell me about how you love her," Bob asked.
I looked at him and thought about his question. "My body loves her body. I lust for her and I feel a connection with her like none I have ever experienced. In a way, it's like we are twins. We seem to know what the other is thinking and we want to pleasure each other."
"What's not to enjoy about that?" Bob asked, smiling gently at me. "She is not a threat to me. She is a treat. I love to see you bouncing off each other. When you were getting fucked by Jeff and me, she added to the pleasure we all experienced. She is a special gift at a special time in our lives. I am not going to worry about how things could go wrong. I am content to enjoy what is going right." He kissed me again and said, "I thought you were hungry?"
"I am. And thank you for that gift. You really are the love of my life. Let's go enjoy it."
We left our room and headed for the lobby once again. When the elevator opened, the jogger was standing in front of us. "That was quick," I said to him as we got on the elevator. It took him a moment to realize that the lady in the yellow cotton dress was the cum slut he had encountered earlier. He was so stunned to see me again that he forgot to get off the elevator. "Cat got your tongue?" I asked him.
"No, you do," he said sheepishly. "You absolutely stunned me in the hall earlier."
"Yeah, I can have that effect on some men," I said as I pulled up my dress and quickly flashed my pussy. "I can't fuck you right now because I have to go kiss my girlfriend, but if we bump into each other again in the hallway, I'd love to suck your cock." The elevator door opened and I planted a kiss on his cheek as we stepped off. I looked back to see the doors close on his bewildered face.
Bob just muttered, "Nasty!" as we spotted Jeff and Julie sitting on a couch in the lobby drinking coffee and reading the newspaper. Julie was wearing a simple dress like mine and Jeff was wearing shorts and a T-shirt.
They got up as we approached and Jeff asked if my pussy was stubble free. He feigned concern for his wife's delicate skin. I offered to let him check for himself and he said that he would love to as soon as the opportunity presented itself. Our car did not magically appear this time. Instead, we had to find it in the garage, but that gave me a chance to give Jeff a quick flash. He grinned as we got into the car and invited me to sit up front with him. Bob and Julie climbed into the back seat as I settled in next to Jeff.
"Where are we going?" I asked Jeff.
"Have you ever heard of Alice's Restaurant?"
"Sure. Arlo Guthrie sings about it every Thanksgiving."
Jeff laughed and said, "No. I mean the real one... in the Santa Cruz Mountains. It's an institution and it's a wonderful drive."
"Where is it?" I asked.
Jeff pointed to the Santa Cruz Mountains and said, "Up there. It's about an hour away, so we have plenty of time to talk. Afterwards, Julie and I thought maybe we could go to one of the beaches between Santa Cruz and Half Moon Bay."
I looked at Bob and he nodded as Jeff turned onto I-280 and headed north.
"So do you remember that we talked about film making yesterday?" asked Jeff.
"Yes, I do, but I had completely forgotten about that. Tell me more," I said.
"Well, most porn films involve long boring shots of cocks and cunts with lousy acting and even worse scripts. Men like them but the turn off most women. We like to make movies that women and men will like. If we had a movie of last night, it would have been a spectacular success."
I thought about what Jeff was saying and asked, "From a film making point of view, what was so special about last night?"
"Let me answer that," said Julie. "You. You are what made last night special. Your spontaneity was captivating. That trick you did with the water and the waiter was pure gold. You have a gift for the outrageous that is completely electric."
"You should have seen her on the way back to our room this morning," said Bob. He told her about the jogger and about bumping into him again on the elevator.
"That's it exactly," said Jeff. And when the two of you women get together and bounce off each other, there is no telling what will happen."
"So you have just nailed the problem on the head," Bob said. You cannot script spontaneity, and you cannot very well have a camera following us around watching our every move. It's like the Heisenberg Effect. The act of observing changes the behavior of the observed."
"You may be right," said Jeff.
"Well, you just may have to pick between spontaneous little old me and making millions selling movies of me pretending to be me," I offered. "I know that I don't really care about porn flicks. They are a poor substitute for what we did last night. And as for today, I have no desire to pose for movies. All I want to do is whatever comes up. Like this, for instance." I lifted my dress and put my feet on the dashboard. I unbuttoned the top of my dress down to my waist and let my boobs free. With one hand, I started frigging my pussy and with the other, I played with my titties. "Go slowly past that SUV," I instructed Jeff. "I want to see the look on his face when he sees me."
As we pulled abreast of a big Lexus SUV, I looked over to its driver. The window was down and I could see him clearly. He was middle aged with silver hair. He didn't see me for a few moments and then something (me, maybe) caught his eye. He looked over and saw me smiling back at him in all my naked glory and he gave me a big grin. He gave me a big thumbs up with his left hand and two toots on the horn. I blew him a kiss and told Jeff to gun it.
"So I dare you to try to film that," I said to Jeff with a big grin as I put my feet back on the floor and buttoned a few (but not all) of my buttons. "For me, it all happens in the moment. I can't plan what is going to happen next. I just let it happen."
I turned around in my seat to see Bob grinning back at me.
We exited the freeway in Menlo Park and climbed up into the Santa Cruz Mountains and found Alice's Restaurant at the very top. It was a funky old place, but the parking lot was packed, suggesting that the food was anything but funky. We had a wonderful breakfast and then followed route 84 to the California coast. Jeff drove along the winding mountain roads with the ease and comfort of someone who was quite familiar with his surroundings and soon we were headed south on highway 1, the Pacific Ocean's pounding surf visible beyond the fields of artichokes.
Jeff seemed to be searching for someplace specific and my suspicions were confirmed when he quickly pulled the car to the side of the road and said, "Found it!"
"Found what?" asked Bob.
"The beach I have been looking for," exclaimed Jeff. All I could see were a dozen or so cars parked in a small pull out along the side of the road and an endless see of artichokes. "We have a bit of a walk, but it's worth it," added Jeff as we unbuckled our seatbelts and got out to stretch.
"So exactly what kind of beach is this," I asked, my curiosity growing.
"Sandy and sexy," said Julie with a big grin. She had obviously been here before.
Jeff opened the trunk and grabbed a pile of large beach towels, a beach bag and a small cooler, and handed the cooler to Bob. "It's about half a mile to the beach," he said. "Ready?"
Given that I had not brought a swim suit with me, I surmised that this beach was one of those legendary nude beaches I had heard about but never seen. As we made our way along the foot path, the beach started to become visible, and I could see a few naked beachgoers in the distance. We had to navigate down the side of a small cliff to reach the beach itself, and as we got closer, I could see that there were probably about 30 people scattered along the wide strip of sand that was bracketed by large cliffs on either end. There were a good number of couples, most rather young and attractive, but there were also some older single men and a several women who were clustered together; and not a stitch of clothing to be seen other than what we were wearing.
We made our way to a spot about 100 yards from the foot of the path and found two large logs that formed a wide open V facing the ocean. They looked like an inviting place to settle in and Jeff and Julie spread the towels and ditched their clothing. Julie handed Bob a bottle of sunscreen and lay down on her belly and asked him to lather her up. "And don't miss anywhere. I don't want any unexpected sunburn," she laughed.
Bob and I stripped down and he proceeded to spread the sunscreen all over her back and legs. As his hands got to the top of her legs, she spread them and reminded him that she really meant "everywhere." He started rubbing the sunscreen into her buns and even onto her ass hole. One can never be too careful about getting sunburned, I remembered with a grin. He then started carefully moistening her pussy and she started purring.
Jeff pulled another bottle of sunscreen out of the beach bag and asked me if I wanted the same treatment. I gave him a big smile and a big thumbs up and lay down next to Julie. Jeff spread sunscreen all over my back and legs and proceeded to work it into my pale Seattle skin as I watched my husband stroking Julie's cunt. I spread my legs so Jeff could give me the same treatment and pretty soon our husbands were gently masturbating both of us on a public beach. There was nobody nearby, but it was still quite public, and I got this wonderful tingle as I felt my sexual tension rising again. I looked at Julie and she was looking right back at me with a dreamy look of someone experiencing near total bliss.
She spread her legs to give Bob better access and he took the hint and sat between her legs. He stroked her legs, her back and buns and returned to keep her pussy wanting more and his cock said clearly that it wanted to play too. He leaned over her and started stroking her with his dick. Julie raised her hips to invite him to fuck her and I followed her lead with Jeff. Bob and Jeff stuck their cocks into their friend's wife's pussy and started slowly fucking us right there on the beach.
I was dreamily enjoying the feel of Jeff's cock in my pussy when I heard voices nearby. I opened my eyes to see several couples standing just beyond the big logs that demarked our territory and watching us with big smiles. "Hey Jeff, who is that gorgeous babe you are fucking?" asked one of them.
"Hi, Jimmy. Hi Linda. This is Susan. Susan, say hi to Jimmy and Linda. And Henry and Sharon and Donna and Bill."
"What is this, old home week?" I asked as Jeff kept pumping away on my pussy. I didn't know whether to be turned on or pissed off.
"They are all friends of ours," Said Jeff.
"Friends with benefits," said Julie. "Hey guys, join the party."
Jimmy and Linda stepped across the logs and spread their towels right in front of Julie and me. Linda bent down and gave Julie a kiss and then sat down and spread her legs on either side of Julie's head. Julie quickly took up the invitation and Linda slid closer so that Julie could start lapping on her pussy. Linda was about 5'3" tall and had with small tits and tiny hips. She had black hair and a shaved pussy, and two clit rings. Jimmy was about 5'9" tall and had a small, wiry body and a very large cock. They both looked to be in their mid-thirties. Jimmy smiled as Julie had a late box lunch and started casually stroking his cock. It kept on getting larger and larger.
Julie lifted her head from Linda's snatch and, "Doesn't Jimmy have a dreamy cock?"
She returned to licking Linda and Linda smiled at me and said, "Hi, Susan. Want to suck Jimmy?" Some women like to be coy, but not me. I like the direct approach. I took an immediate liking to Linda.
I looked up at Jimmy and said, "Are you going keep playing with that thing all by yourself?" That was all it took. He mimicked his wife and spread his legs on either side of me so that I could easily start on his cock. I started licking him and tasting him and he offered me a little drop of pre-cum. It tasted sweet and I wanted more. So I ate the whole think.
Julie took a break from Linda again and said to the rest of the folks, "Well are you going to just stand there and watch or join the action. I want to see some serious fucking." She dropped her face back onto Linda's pussy as Bob started pounding her from behind.
Henry and Sharon and Donna and Bill spread their towels next to ours and Henry paired off with Donna as Bill and Sharon started making out. Jeff kept up pounding me as I stroked Jimmy's balls and took him as deep as I could down my throat.
I got pretty fuzzy after that. Jeff came in me and somebody else took his place. Jimmy started twitching and pulled his cock from my mouth just as he came and spurted all over my face and hair. I remember seeing Julie turn around and make sure that Bob came all over her chest and then she and Linda got into a passionate 69 with each other. And then I saw somebody sitting on the log with a big video camera. Not just a camcorder, but a professional movie making camera. I looked around and the body count had grown. There were at least four other people that I hadn't seen before, and as I scanned the writhing mass of naked bodies, I spotted another camera.
"Hey Jeff, what's with the cameras?" I asked. He just looked at me and gave me a big sheepish grin and shrugged. And then I remembered that he and Julie make porn films. Was I a porn star now? I felt a rush of anger mixed with jolt of excitement. I was pissed that he had chosen to be sneaky, but excited at the thought of being part of a porn flick. My inner slut trumped my self-righteous bitch and I shrugged back at him and went looking for a cock to suck or a pussy to lick.
Donna was sitting on the log smoking a joint with one hand and stroking her pussy with the other. She was a good sized woman. She was probably 5'11" tall and had the body of an Amazon. She had powerful legs and tight abs. The only part of her body that wasn't tight and muscled was her chest. Her boobs were huge, D-cups at least. Her blonde hair was cut short. She saw me looking at her and held out the joint. I walked over and sat down next to her on the log and took a long drag on the joint.
"So you are the new couple Jeff told me about," she said. "I heard that you are incredibly hot and that you and Julie are quite a pair."
"So did you hear about my high school GPA and the first guy I fucked too," I said, my anger returning. "I thought we were just coming to the beach for some quiet fun and sun and here we are in Hollywood North and everybody knows the script but me."
"Jeff didn't tell you about making a film today?" asked Donna incredulously. "Well that shit. Come with me, sweet heart!" she said and got up stomping through the pile of bodies until she found him. He was lying on his back as a young blonde 20-something bounced up and down on his cock.
"He Jeff, you ass hole," She said sitting on his chest. "Why didn't you tell Susan about making a film today?"
"She loves to be spontaneous," said Jeff as he started to explain.
"Oh, shut the fuck up and eat this!" she said as she repositioned herself so that her pussy landed right on his mouth. "That will teach him," she said to me with a playful grin as she ground her cunt into him. "Hey Bill," she yelled at her husband. "Come on over here and give this lady a licking. And you too, Henry."
Bill pulled his cock out of the woman he was fucking and Henry pulled his cock out of some other woman I had never seen before and they both came over to he and asked, "So what's your pleasure, Susan?"
I looked at them sized up their still hard cocks. Henry had a long thin cock and Bill had a thick giant, at least 10" long. I grinned at them and said to Bill, "You get on your back and I'll take top. And you, Henry, drill my ass."
Bill lay down with his cock point toward the heavens and I lowered myself onto him. He was so thick that I had to take him slowly, in stages. But take him, I did; to the hilt. And then I bent over him so that Henry could fuck me in the ass. He reached over to Donna's pussy and stuck his fingers into her slid to get some of her juices on his hand, and then used her juices to lubricate my ass. He stuck one finger and then another into my ass to get me ready and then slowly pressed his cock into me. I could feel Bill's monster in my vagina and Henry's in my ass as they started to pump together. I was filled to capacity with cock as I rocked my hips into them. I felt something brush my hair and I looked up to see yet another cock staring me in the face. I didn't recognize it, or its owner, but hell, a cock is a cock is a cock. So I sucked it.
The cock I was sucking erupted down my throat a few minutes later, letting me focus on the two I was fucking. I started to up the tempo as I could feel my own orgasm building. Henry and Bill were pounding in unison and it felt like Bill's cock was almost in my stomach. Henry let out a yell and I felt him spurt into my ass. He hung with me for a couple more strokes and then pulled out and collapsed on the sand. Bill kept pounding and then rammed himself hard into me and grunted as he unleashed a torrent of cum inside me. That was enough to push me over the edge and I fell off of him and shot a stream of my own nectar high into the air across the pile of naked bodies. I pulsed several times, drenching everyone nearby.
"Was that rain?" I heard somebody ask.
"No," said Donna next to me. "That was Susan showing you all how a real woman comes! Wow! That was outstanding!"
She pulled herself off of Jeff's face and dove for my quivering quim and started licking me. I was shaking from my massive orgasm, but she knew somehow that I wasn't finished yet. Her tongue seemed to know exactly what my pussy wanted and in moments, I felt another orgasm building.
"I'm coming again!" I yelled as I let loose another spray of cum, but this time, Donna took the entire load on her face and down her throat. She kept licking me and drinking my juices until I had to push her away. I was as spent as I have ever been and my cunt was so super-sensitized that even her knowing touch was too much to handle.
I closed my legs and curled up in a ball and lay on the beach in a daze. All around me, people were fucking and sucking, but for the first time in my life, I was satiated with sex. I got up and moved away from the crowd of bodies. I found a towel and lay on my back in the afternoon sun and drifted off to sleep.
I awoke sometime later to a kiss on my lips. "Awake, my princess!" I heard Bob say.
"Princess, hell. I'm not a princess. I feel like the queen of sluts," I mumbled back to him. The sun was lower and the beach was starting to cool down.
"Want to head back to the hotel?" asked Bob.
"Probably a good idea," I said, feeling my stomach growl. I thought of all the cum I had drunk today and said, "I've had lots of protein, but not enough carbohydrates."
Bob helped me to my feet. Jeff and Julie were packing up and the rest of the cast of the orgy were nowhere to be seen. I pulled on my yellow cotton dress and took Bob's arm as we made our way back to the car. Jeff drove us south to Santa Cruz and then north over route 17 to San Jose. On the way back over the hill, I snuggled with Bob and just thought about the past few days.
I truly had let my inner slut out of the dark place she had hidden in all my life. I was loving everything about being a slut, but still felt a gnawing sense of guilt. My religious training was whispering in my ear telling me that I was a sinner and I would burn in Hell, but I knew that was bullshit. As long as nobody got hurt and my relationship with Bob wasn't endangered, I could have my cake and be eaten too, I thought and felt myself chuckle.
"What?" Bob asked, hearing my soft laughter.
"I was just thinking about what a slut I have become and how much I am enjoying it," I told him. "What about you? Are you enjoying my becoming a cum queen?"
"Totally," he said with a big grin. "I am loving every minute of it. And you aren't the only one whose sex life has been kicked into overdrive. I fucked, sucked or got sucked by at least six different women today. That's a new record for me."
Bob went silent for a moment and said, "Hey Jeff, when were you going to tell us about the movie you made today?"
"Well, I haven't made it yet," he said. We have lots of footage, but now comes the hard part. I probably have eight hours of film that I have to edit down to about 30-40 minutes."
"Eight hours!" I exclaimed in amazement. "How many cameras did you have?"
"Four," said Jeff, clearly pleased with himself.
"But I only saw two!"
"The other two were a ways away. One was up on the cliff with a telephoto lens, and the other was down the beach. They were all pretty close up by the time you drifted off to sleep."
"So what are you going to do with all this film?" Bob asked.
"I will probably make over $100,000 off of today's footage. It will make several movies and lots of shorts."
"Holy shit," said Bob, clearly impressed. "And what do the actors get paid?"
"Everyone gets a copy of everything, and you guys get your entire trip paid for. And if you want to do it again, I'll cut you in. Susan, you are a natural. When you told Henry and Bill to double team you and then took Sandy in your mouth... well, that was priceless."
"I've seen lots of double and triple penetration shots before," said Bob. "What makes that shot so special?"
"Susan," said Jeff. It was her attitude and her directness, and her total authenticity. She wasn't faking anything for the camera. She wanted to be fucked hard and deep and she made sure she got what she wanted. And besides, I have a special thing for powerful women who ask for what they want," he finished proudly looking at Julie.
She turned around and looked at me and said, "My only regret today was that we didn't get any shots of you and me getting it on with each other."
I looked at her and smiled and reached forward and stroked her cheek. "Maybe later, sweetie, after diner. And speaking of dinner, what's the plan?"
Julie said that they were just thinking about having dinner at the hotel, and that sounded pretty good to me. We passed through Los Gatos, and then Campbell and were back at our hotel downtown in just a few minutes. We all piled out of the car and Jeff, Julie and Bob headed for the restaurant. I told them that I wanted to go to the room and shower off first. I could still feel dried cum in my hair and sand in my pussy and I needed to get cleaned up. I peeled off and headed for the elevator.
The door was just closing as I approached, so I yelled, "Hold that elevator, please!" A hand shot between the doors and they reopened again as I rushed onto it. I turned around to thank whoever stopped the door and saw a familiar face.
"Well I'll be darned," said the dumbstruck jogger. "I swore to myself that if I saw you again I would not let you get away without at least thanking you. I had a hard on for three hours after I first saw you in the hall. I have never seen anything hotter or nastier than when you looked at me while you wiped some cum from your pussy and licked it off your fingers. And then when you flashed me again, all I could think of was how much I wanted to fuck you."
I was tired and messy, but I was also learning never to pass up a good opportunity. I looked this fellow straight in the crotch and grabbed his cock through his shorts. He wasn't wearing jogging shorts any more, but what he was wearing was loose fitting enough for me to easily get my hands inside his pants. I squeezed his cock and it woke up and said, "Howdy, Ma'm!" right back to me. Well, not in so many words, but cocks do speak and I have learned their language. When they get hard, they like to be stroked. When they get soft, they like to get sucked. And when they start to bounce up and down like this fellow's, they want a nice warm pussy or throat to hide in.
The elevator opened on the 14th floor and we both got out. "I have had a long day of fucking and sucking and I am pretty worn out, so if you want to fuck me, you are going to have to get my juices going first," I said as I walked down the hall to my room. "Well?" I turned and looked at him.
"Anything to oblige a lady," he said with a big shit-eating grin.
"OK, lick me," I said unbuttoning my dress completely. "Right here, in the hall, down on your knees and lick my pussy." I figured that if he had the balls to do what I asked, he may be fun to play with.
He dropped to his knees in front of me and put his arms around my buns and pulled me towards him. He started licking my twat, and what he lacked in style, he made up for in enthusiasm. I heard the elevator door open down the hall and I saw an older couple walking slowly our way, so I decided it was time to make a strategic retreat. I fished my room key from my tiny purse, opened the door and dragged our jogger into the room. I plopped myself on the bed and spread my legs and told him to get back to work. He didn't need a second invitation as dove between my legs and locked his lips on my cunt.
I pulled out my cell phone and called Bob. "Wassup?" he answered.
"Well, remember awhile ago we talked about telling each other when we want to fuck somebody else?"
"Yeah, I remember. Who do you want to fuck now?"
"Remember the Jogger? Well, he was on the elevator when I got on, and right now he is licking my pussy. But I figure that he won't last more than 10 minutes, and a shower will only take me another 10, so if you don't see me in 20 minutes, assume that this guy has more stamina than I give him credit for."
"Susan's fucking the jogger," Bob told Jeff and Julie. "But she figures he won't last long. ETA in 20."
Bob returned to me and said, "OK, honey, have a good time, but we are going to order. What do you want?"
"I want a large marguerite and a carne asada," I said as the jogger licked my pussy. Just then he hit a sweet spot and I said, "Oh, that was nice. Whatever you did, do it more."
"OK, honey," I said to Bob again. "See you soon."
I turned to the jogger and said with bravado, "Off with your pants, nave! I want to see your cock." He quickly stripped off his clothes and presented a nice solid seven inch cock that looked fully ready for action. I pulled my legs up to my shoulders and said, "Stick that puppy in me, lover. Let's see how much stamina you really have." He steered is cock into my nest and we started urgently pounding. This was to be the definition of a quickie. I wanted to see how quick I could get him to cum, so I squeezed my vaginal muscles on his cock every time he pumped himself into me so that when he pulled himself out, I was hanging onto him. Sure enough, in about four minutes, his face got flush and he started to groan.
"Pull out so I can suck you," I said, pushing him off me. He stood up at the foot of the bed and I sucked him down my throat and grabbed his balls. I stuck one finger up his ass and started stroking his prostate, and that was about all it took. He grunted and shot and I caught a nice load of protein down my throat. But I was still hungry for some carbs. I got up from the bed and wiped the cum that had missed my mouth on my fingers and sucked them clean. I then reached two fingers into my pussy and offered them to the jogger. He smiled, but refused my offer.
"I'm gonna shower. You can leave, watch or wash my back. Then I'm going downstairs to have dinner with my husband and our friends." He thought about my offer for a moment and decided he had had enough. I think he made a wise choice. I stepped into the shower and let myself soak for several minutes, and then I washed my hair and my body as thoroughly as I could. I finished my shower, towel dried my hair and threw on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and made for the hotel lobby again.
Bob, Jeff and Julie were already eating. They had ordered a big plate of lasagna for me and I wolfed it down, pretty much in silence. We headed home tomorrow (Monday) afternoon, so our time with Jeff and Julie was coming to an end. Even though I had more sex in the past two days than I ever thought I could handle, I still felt a yearning for Julie's touch. I looked at her across the table and she was staring back at me. "A penny for your thoughts," she offered.
I smiled and said, "They are worth way more than a penny, but for you..." I paused for a moment in an attempt to put some sense and order to my many thoughts and feelings. "Well, first and foremost, I am going to miss you. I have loved our time together and I don't want it to end. You have opened yet another doorway within me to a room I never knew existed. You have given me an idea about body jewelry and now I want to get some piercings. We have had great fun and even greater sex together, and I am going to miss both."
Julie looked at me lovingly and offered me her hand across the table. "You have been a gift to me, too. I have learned to love in yet another way I didn't know was possible, and I certainly will miss you and Bob. Perhaps we can come to Seattle and pay you a visit," she said, her eyes lighting up.
I felt a big rush of excitement as she said that and said, "That would be wonderful. Have you ever been to Seattle? When could you come? You'll bring Jeff, right?"
"Slow down, honey," she said. "No, we have never been to Seattle and of course Jeff will come. Won't you honey," she asked Jeff.
"Sure, sweetheart. How about September?" responded Jeff.
"Great!" I blurted. And then I felt another flash of excitement as I said to Julie, "Maybe you and I can have our own gangbang at the Johnson lodge..."
To be continued...