Dan's place is a guy's place, so it's dusty as he never cleans up properly. I thought I'd go over and tidy up a bit. Oh, and tease him a bit. Maybe a lot. I put on a French maid outfit I'd bought for Halloween, put a long coat over it and headed over there.
I knocked on his door, and after a brief wait, Dan opened it.
"I don't have time to play with you, I'm working," he said.
I told him I was there to help, and showed him my cleaning supplies.
"Fine," he said, "come in, but be quiet".
He went back to his desk, I hung up my coat and went to work cleaning things. I was also teasing him a lot - doing a lot of reaching and bending, showing my frilly panties.
I could see he was watching me.
I said "I thought you were supposed to be working."
He said "I keep watching to see flashes of your panties."
"Do you like seeing them?"
He said he did, so I took them off and put them on his desk.
"There you go - look at them all you like," I said, and went back to work.
I carried on reaching and bending, but now he was seeing my bum and pussy.
Around noon, he suggested we go and get lunch.
"I can't go dressed like this," I said.
"You're right,", he said, "take that off."
I took off the maid's dress and the hat, standing there in just a garter belt, stockings and shoes.
He gave me my coat and said "let's go."
This wasn't what I meant, but I put the coat on, and did up all the buttons. He undid a few of the buttons at the top and bottom.
"That should do for now," he said.
We went to a cute little cafe just down the street and took a table near the back.
He told me to undo another button, and I undid the bottom one.
He told me to undo another button, and I undid the top one this time.
"Now pull your coat open a bit," he said, so I did.
"Open your legs," and I moved them about 12" apart.
You could see I wasn't wearing a bra. Or a shirt. But not my tits. I let my coat go, and we finished lunch.
He told me to undo another button, and I undid the one at the bottom, so that was open to the top of thigh.
He suggested we go and look at some clothes, so I was hoping to buy something to cover me up.
We walked, slowly, so I didn't flash everybody, to the store, and headed for the women's department. We went to the changing rooms.
"Give me your coat," he said, taking it and leaving me there in just my stockings. He pointed at one of the curtained off rooms at the far end and I went in to wait for him to bring me something to try on.
He opened the curtain and had come back with a denim romper that looked like it was going to be too small. I pulled the curtain closed, and struggled to get in to it, then went out to show him. It was too small.
"Let's try something else," he said, "go and take it off."
I went back to the changing room and took it off. He opened the curtain wide, and took the romper from me. I pulled the curtain shut again, and waited to see what he came up with next.
He pulled the curtain wide open and handed me a summer dress. I grabbed the dress and pulled it on quickly while he stood holding the curtain open, looking at me.
"What do you think?" I asked.
"Dunno, step out here in the light a bit."
I stepped out, and there was a guy waiting for somebody, looking down at his phone.
"Give us a twirl," he said.
I turned around slowly.
"Faster," he said.
He had me twirl until the bottom of the dress was high enough to show my pussy. Luckily the guy waiting never looked up from his phone.
"Give it back," he said, and I started going back to the changing room.
He caught my hand and said "here."
I slipped the dress off, turning sideways and covering myself with my arms. Thankfully the guy waiting still didn't notice me.
"OK, go back in and wait for me," he said, and I headed back to the changing room. There was a lady coming out of one, so I quickly closed the curtain so she hopefully didn't see me.
A few minutes later he yanked the curtain open, and the lady was still there, and she saw me. She looked understandably shocked. He handed me a red miniskirt, so I put that on and covered my tits with my arms.
He motioned me out, I said I wanted a top.
"In a minute," he said.
I came out, with my arms crossed over my tits, looking at the woman. The guy waiting obviously saw me now, and put his phone down.
"Give us a twirl," Dan said.
I twirled.
"Arms down," he said.
I put my arms down, and didn't know where to look, so I ended up looking at the floor. I was blushing all the way down my front.
"OK," he said, "I'll find a top," and headed off.
I rushed back into the changing room and closed the curtain.
He pulled the curtain wide open, and showed me a green top.
"That doesn't match," I said.
"You're right," he said. "Give me the skirt back."
I took it off and handed it to him. Despite everything, I was getting really turned on by now.
He gave me the top, and I struggled to get it on over my tits as it was too small, really. He reached out and pinched my nipples, making them stick out and me even more horny.
"OK, out here in the light," he said.
I asked if I could have the skirt.
"No," he said, "it doesn't match."
Hesitantly, I stepped out into the light, and now there were two other guys looking at me. I tried to hide my pussy from them.
"Come on, stop that," he said, and I clenched my fists and forced myself to put my arms down. The guys were just staring at me.
"What do you think?" he asked the guys. They both just nodded.
"I don't know," Dan said. "Do you want to try something else?"
I didn't, and I shook my head.
"OK, give me the top and we can get out of here," he said.
I started back to the changing room.
"Here'll be fine, won't it guys?" he said. Bastard. They both nodded enthusiastically. I took off the top, standing in front of two strangers in just stockings and garter belt. He let me get my coat, but wouldn't let me button it up again.
"Let's see," he said, "these were the ones we had before," and buttoned the three I'd been allowed earlier. We left to drop off the clothes, and one of the guys high five'd him on the way out.
We wandered over to the men's section, where we again went to the changing rooms. As we got there, he took my coat from me and hung it up, ushering me in to one of the rooms. He told me to be quiet, then sat in the chair and removed my remaining lingerie, leaving me naked. Anybody looking under the curtain would have seen my legs. He stood up again, and I hugged him, then unbuttoned his jeans, kneeling down and getting his cock out for a quick suck.
He stood me up and turned me around, the sat down and pulled me onto his lap. I grabbed his cock and rubbed in through my lips before I fed it into my pussy. We quietly fucked, while listening to the insipid music and other people just a few feet away from us. I was so turned on by now, I had to really concentrate on not making a noise when I came. He came inside me, and after a little while to cool down, grabbed my stockings to mop up. I was still mopping up when he threw the curtain back and a guy going in to the room opposite almost tripped and fell when he saw me.
He brought my coat back, and I pulled it on and we left. We slowly walked back to his place, and when we got to the building, he stopped me and undid the remaining buttons on my coat. The coat was swinging right open as I walked up the stairs, so it wasn't really doing any good. At the landing, I turned and gave Dan the coat and ran up the remaining stairs to his front door. He took his sweet time opening the door though.