Influencer.


How do you become an Influencer?

Must be morning the room was bright, barefooted I struggled to find the bathroom, consequences of last night. On the way back I paused at the door looking over a disheveled bed wondering; how the hell did all this happen?
It started when my cousin Alan from Toronto visited. Ironically we shared the same name and birthday except, I was 20 he was 21, we also looked alike, five ten, slim, blond but he was confident I'm reserved. We shared my bedroom, as he came over on the red eye by evening was not completely with it courtesy of jet lag. Insisted he chat on his private group, I had quite a nice set up, three cameras, microphones, lights, large screen the full works. He asked me to log him into a web group I had never heard off; took a few minutes.
Their were six guys and three girls all sitting or standing; naked. Thinking I had logged into the wrong group turned to Alan standing behind me, he was naked too with his hands on my shoulders. He did the introductions suggesting I strip off too as did his group in unison. I had been to naked parties before so joined in; call ending when its time slot expired.
Alan explained it was his gay College group. This was when I found out Alan was gay, although I had suspected something for a while after we started video chatting. We were now sitting together naked on the edge of my bed, Alan logged on to another site. It was explicit with two guys jerking off.
He put his arm around my shoulder lifting my arm around his shoulder, he started to jerk off inviting me to do the same. I didn't know it at the time the gummies he gave me made me open to suggestive influences, I joined in until we raced each other to a climax. Next morning we awoke naked spooning each other. That's when I found out it all had been streamed live, including us spooning and been archived on a pay as you view site. Hits were now in the thousands and rising, Alan had a number of suggestive messages tags too.
We visited relatives over the next few days, as one does. Alan had organised something through his and my Student Union, it was at a questionable club downtown where he met up with gay web acquaintances in person, I also knew a few from my College. It didn't take long before Alan was involved with someone, one of my year student friends Harry had latched on to me thinking I was gay. I liked him but wasn't that way inclined we were both socially reserved. Harry saw this as a sort of coming-out inspired by what he saw me do on the web.
We sat with beers like tailor dummies, I took the initiative and gave Harry some of Alan's gummies. It didn't take long before we were up on the dance floor, shirts off like everyone else, arms flaying and body rubbing. Whatever reservations we had, were gone ending up in a dark room alcove giving each other messy blow jobs, my first.
As arranged Alan met us back in the bar area, he had been invited to the Halls of Residence for an overnighter with his new friend, could we cover for him. Harry said "yes." I ended staying in Harry's room that night, only real sexual experience I had was with some privately educated girls on a birthday party bus.
I had done some life modeling and being body painted during my first year for the Art faculty, mainly posing wearing speedos or thongs along with Phil and Tash, two art students, we became known as the three flashateers.
Phil managed to get us a well paid private gig on a double decked Party Bus, downstairs was a bar and disco upstairs we posed as partiers sketched us. After we finished Phil was approached by the organiser asking could we entertain the three birthday girls, we knew what she meant. They had been pill popping all night and had taken bets they could each bang all the 'flashateers' upstairs, we weren't meant to know that but were rather loud and boisterous arranging it. As we were all to be naked popped some of their pills.
Tash was on first it was the first time I was present as two girls fingered and kissed each other, Phil openly gay was the novelty act, he gave a show and a half contorting all over the place with his equally extrovert partner.
I was last, it was actually my first time, laying back on a bench seat a tall blond rode me cowgirl style with flaying arms, screaming as she bonked the hell out of me until I exploded all over us. We each did it three times including a kababbing. My last time was with a mousy type character who wanted it back door style, also my first time but it went remarkably well, blasting her at the right moment. The organiser filmed it for them, my introduction to the privately educated privileged class.
Harry draped face down over the edge of the bed as I banged him, bit of prodding and pushing but it worked, his groaning soon became a reassuring purr. I blasted him, my first time with a guy, enjoyed the buildup and the wonderful oozing feeling as it drained away.
Harry's was more adventurists, had me on my back, legs wide open missionary style as he came in, my first time as a recipient, slowly, carefully. I could feel it inch-in by inch-in until it touched, copiously repeating it until we were both contorting together racing to ecstasy. When it came, clearly, he had been saving it up for a while as he blasted in and over us.
I challenged him he was so good it wasn't his first time.
"No it wasn't; in my freshers' year I couldn't manage my finances, literally at one time had no money or food for three days. I was propositioned by a guy, just outside my Hall of Residence, in his late sixties, to go back to his hotel, he even had a walking stick and would make it worth my while. No choice, gave me my first blow job, I really liked it, asked me to bang him but could see I didn't know what to do. He talked me through it until I blasted him, not eaten for almost three days I was exhausted. Concerned asked me why; I told him. We talked, he was now alone visiting an old army friend in a home, I really felt sorry for him.
He asked me to stay the night and have a complimentary breakfast in the morning, about eleven we went back upstairs, enjoyed round two in the morning we enjoyed round three and a eat as much as you want breakfast; and paid me.
Not only did we meet regularly he gave my number to a few of his friends who were looking for company. That helped tide me over and I managed to get a supermarket evening shelf filling job. You were the first person I did it with for myself."
I didn't know what to say other than; "You were the first guy I did it with but I don't know if I could do it for money, always wondered what it would be like though."
I met Alan in reception, got our story together 'Student pub crawl, slept on the floor' age old cover story nobody actually believes. A few days later Alan and his new friend were going, as guests, to another overnighter at a well-known city sauna. I phoned Harry, explained what Alan was doing and asked what he was doing tonight.
"I have been invited to entertain someone and to bring along someone for his friend; interested?"
We waited in the Holiday Inn bar, two guys came across, one knew Harry who did all the introductions. They were two businessmen, Harry's was the boss, his underling and I were his cover story. A meal and a few drinks later Harry and his friend went upstairs, I was left with Ian who explained he had never done it before but has to to keep his job; next round off redundancies were about to be announced; asked.
"Would I show him what to do as tomorrow he would have to do it with his boss who had booked a double bedded room for them."
We went up to his bedroom he stood their like a tailors dummy, I gave him a handful of gummies and a 'trust me' smile. Harry had shown me earlier, now I was showing Ian how to undress to keep his boss happy. Slowly strip one button at a time until you have him interested, help him undress but be naked first after dropping a pair of kinky knickers, which you should be wearing as a leave behind trophy.
Ian, no longer nervous became excited and amorous, courtesy of the gummies. Lay on his back like I told him offering a choice menu to the Dom. We switched over, he was now the Dom I talked him through it until he blasted me, we did it all again with me as Dom. In the morning rehearsed it again.
Harry had also tutored his friend on what he should expect by example. A few weeks later I receive a call from Ian, he wasn't made redundant and had become his bosses private assistant travelling all over with him. Both entertaining clients from time to time.
Alan enjoyed his overnighter at the sauna, when Harry told him we got paid, this was added to his bucket to do list. He didn't have to ponder over it for long, Harry's phone call to one of his regulars put an end to the speculation. A few days he later he flew back to Toronto.
Harry and I started a lucrative arrangement after a while I wanted to call it a day. Harry said we can't as he had posted intimate photographs of us on an agency web site as being available sales 'Influencers.' It also helped me get my business degree in sales psychology. I also struck up an intimate open web friendship with Cassy from Alan's private chat group, she was a sales Influencer too and was instrumental in talking me into doing it.
A few months later I flew out to Toronto on the red eye to visit Alan, what's more without asking I had been upgraded to Business Class at check in; found out later Cassy had influenced my upgrade. It was a vast improvement from the cattle class I was used to, Stevie who was sitting beside me introduced himself as a Digital Creator and nervous flyer.
He asked me to swap seats I was now sitting at the window he had the middle seat, third vacant. The plane lunged as it started its push back, he grabbed my hand, reaching up switching on one of those pen cameras wedged between the seats in front of us. He was doing a digital creation of a nervous flyer asked me if it was ok; "Yes."
Nervously he unbuttoned his shirt exposing his tanned smooth chest; asked would I unbutton my shirt too? In for a penny in for a pound as the plane bumbled down the taxiway he pulled my and his shirt wide open.
The engines spun up as we pirouetted onto the runway intimately pressing us together, his arm slid round my back and up inside my shirt, lifted my hand over inviting me to rub his six pack as the plane thundered down the runway. It was my first time taking off with a hard-on while rubbing a warm vibrating six pact. Being in the last row of seats were out of sight of any passengers or flight attendants.
We had been chatting for a few hours as we approached take off time, midnight, and were well and truly engrossed sharing each other's intimate relationships. Stevie said; "follow me I had a word with one of the nice flight attendants."
Their was an empty luggage cabin near the front which we slipped into and locked shut, its bright lights still on his pen camera pinned to the wall, we totally stripped, apparently part of the criteria off joining the mile high club, twice, before we discreetly returned to our seats. Later as we landed gave each other a hand jobs under complimentary blankets. Stevie a few days later sent me links of our transatlantic flight, digital creation.
Alan's family had a large house with pool, this time I had my own room, halfway through the first night Alan came in and climbed in naked behind me. I challenged him, what would his parents think, he wasn't concerned he had told his parents we had been banging each other.
In the morning we went out to the 'Bloggers' for breakfast where Cassy worked as an Influencer. Like Stevie their Asian looks really turned me on and her long thin legs as she came up to our table wearing very tight white mini shorts, trainers and topless, sat beside me asked "could we blog together." She removed my tee shirt put her arm round me started rubbing me with her rock hard nipples, internet camera on a table stand and said.
"After an all-nighter we come to 'Joes Coffee'for his famousJoes double expressoto reenergise you for your next round of sex."
"Are you going to edit it first?"
"No it went out live and will be repeated twice an hour, follow me I will show you one of our blogger studios."
There were six glass fronted blogging studios. Studio 1 had a naked yoga instructor contorting as she streamed live. We went into studio 6 where Cassy pulled down her shorts, her pussy was looking at me pulsating, I was throbbing and rock hard when she pulled my shorts down. The internet camera was pointing at us as she propped herself up on a desk, legs wide open rubbing cream on both of us, instantly we were on fire and throbbing, she pulled us together we kept going unrepentantly until we climaxed; as she said.
"This is the instant thrill you get with 'firewall'and you don't need rubbers, its safe."
"Did that go out too?"
"Yes it's as a follow on."
Bit stage strucked we dressed and went out on to the patio, Cassy had some more blogging interviews to do with the clientele. I wandered around aimlessly in the sun until I was interrupted by someone asking.
"Is it you that's been having a web relationship with Cassy, I have been following your blog's for the past few months, does that 'firewall' cream really work?"
Others gathered around to hear my answer. I was trying to extract myself from my new found fame, my rescuer, was a smartly dressed Japanese businessman who introduced himself.
"I believe we have met before my name is Haru Katsumi, I know your Canadian cousin Alan and his family, you are remarkable alike. I liked your blogs and still have your trophy kinky knickers."
Instantly I remembered him, one of Harry's introductions, who unknowingly featured in my business degree sales psychology thesis; not by name though.
"Yes I remember we had an endearing time together in the Eucalyptus Club with Giuseppe and Ken."
"I would like you, in your new role as a sales influencer, help me close a lucrative contract for my and Alan's father's company. Naturally I would make it worth your while, are you available? Also I would like Cassy to be their in a slightly different role which she is amenable to."
We arrived at the Chelsea Hotel in downtown Toronto with its 24 floors, 1600 rooms and apartments where we met in Haru's private apartment, which was luxurious with a fantastic view over the Lake. I was introduced to a Senator Gregory Hargreaves who I was to assist in clarifying any issues he had prior to signing the contract. Haru and Cassy had to leave to finalise other lesser details.
Gregory over six two with an impressive muscular build, jet black hair, early fifties, soft spoken with a touch of a slow southern drawl. In the lounge area with its large panoramic window invited me to undress, by sweeping his arms mimicking undressing. Slowly I walked around the room letting my shoes tumbled nosily to the floor one at a time, unbuttoned my silk torso hugging shirt one button at a time as I walked round him for a second time, once I had his exclusive attention I let my shirt fall onto the thick pile carpet.
I withdrew my red trouser belt letting it fall with a distinctive sound of its steel buckle hitting a table leg. His attention was now exclusively on me waiting to inspect my menu of what was on offer. My loose fitting silk trousers dropped silently without hesitation onto the floor, my erotic frilly knickers captured his unwavering attention.
I stepped over slowly unbuttoned his shirt, our eyes remained locked attentively even his falling shirt did not distract him. His belt was tight as I pulled it free our naked torso's touched and rubbed enticingly, his arms to reach round allowing his hands to explore inside my knickers. I slid his trousers down as he claimed his trophy knickers from me.
Naked we stood their frotting and body rubbing each other until we were fully erect and aroused. Slowly I sat down on the edge of the couch drawing Gregory down with me, my legs providing a wide open invitation. Clumsily at first becoming a finesse choreographed art of undulating dance, I started the duet of groans and moans he joined in, both of us harmonizing to the undulations of sexual exertion. Accelerating he climaxed with a volcanic eruption over the both of us.
We sat their still erotically touching each other as we watched the sun go down over the lakes, not wanting his attention to drift I took him by the hand into the bedroom with its bright overhead lights. A Joe's double expresso's had reinvigorated both of us, I lay back on the bed with a raging firewall enhanced pulsating hard-on, I placed Gregory's hand on it. Clearly he was used to doing this, kneeling over me and sitting on my legs gave me the best hand job ever, my groaning reached a crescendo until it was my turn to erupt like a volcano over both of us.
We lay their embracing each other arm in arm as we fondled each other until we were ready to undertake another exhilarating experience. Gregory lay back missionary style offering himself, Joe's double expresso's and firewall cream had given us the fuel to enjoy yet another one of life's experiences. I remembered Haru's advice good things should be slowly savored and not be rushed, no harmonizing moans and groans this time just a long slow purring. The lights were adding to the heat of our exertions when it happened was a long slow encore to an otherwise athletic day.
We lay their embracing each other until what must be morning as the room was bright, barefooted I struggled quickly to find the bathroom, consequences of last night's frolics. On the way back I stopped at the door looking over a disheveled bed with someone naked on it wondering; how the hell did this happen. I looked up at the concealed cameras and the bright lights knowing everything in the bedroom and lounge had been recorded for future business prosperity and harmony.
Gregory stirred, arm out inviting me back, if he knew didn't care. That morning I learnt the Texas way, cowboy style. Something I would have to share with Harry, hopefully Cassy, perhaps not cousin Alan.
On the red eye back Cassy was with me, Haru had arranged a double sleeper cabin for us as a thank you. Cassy placed her internet camera on a table stand and said as she zipped down her sleep suit exposing her naked body and trophy frilly knickers for me; asked;
"Want to join the mile high club Texas style with me?"
For the web camera we waited for turbulence for added affect to our mile high climax which was entheausticly received by her blogging fraternity.
©oxforddon