Jackie woke up before her alarm on Tuesday morning and padded over to her dresser. Pulling out her shorts and a sports top, she couldn't help noticing how sparsely packed the drawer was. She wondered where Alice was managing to keep all of her clothes. Opening a slightly healthier looking drawer she selected a sports bra and pulled it on.
After donning the rest of her limited outfit she grabbed her sneakers and headed for the door. Being earlier this morning, she had decided to visit Alice for direct approval, rather than a text. She knocked on the door softly.
Alice had been awake and ready to reply to Alice, but She was a little peeved at the knock at the door. It meant she had to leave her warm bed and walk over the cold hallway floor to her door. Nearly colliding with the bin bags full of clothes, she reasoned she's have to do something with them soon.
On getting to the door, Alice was greeted by a very chipper looking Jackie in her running gear. With a little curtsey, she announced "My outfit Ma'am."
Alice couldn't help but grin at the little display, she looked Jackie in the eye and they smiled affectionately for a second, before Alice caught herself and decided that she wanted some compensation for getting out of bed early.
"Are you wearing panties?" she asked directly.
"No Ma'am" Jackie reply was immediate but had the tone of a question.
Ignoring this, Alice continued "Good. I think sports bras will now count as outerwear, I don't want you wearing one with a t shirt."
Jackie retreated into herself a moment l, calculating. She didn't need the support from a sports bra, her pert breasts didn't move a lot when she ran, she had even survived right up until her last year of high school without one... until she had felt left out in the locker room and her Mum had gone shopping with her... Though she did now appreciate the extra support it provided.
Making a decision, she pulled her top over her head and said to Alice "I'll put this back."
"It's OK, I'll look after it for now, Alice replied. Admiring Jackie's toned physique.
"Though, as you're not wearing underwear, by definition of the rules, you'll need to keep those sneakers off until you get to the front door."
"Yes Ma'am, see you soon."
Jackie headed down the hall carefully with bare feet, straight for the stair well, heading down and only upon getting outside the main door she pulled on her sneakers and set off into the still morning.
She kept an easy pace, feeling fitter already. Acutely aware she now was only wearing 2 proper items of clothing, Jackie's thoughts again drifted to her recent exploits, yesterday afternoon she had spent the majority of her time at her desk, meaning she was impaled on her largest dildo and plugged to fill her completely. She had been excited when she saw the coin land, meaning she would keep her plug in. She wasn't even sure if she would have taken it out had the toss gone the other way.
Being so full had felt amazing and after Jackie had spent as long on homework as possible, making sure to ride the edge to the limit as she got to each hour mark, managing 4 in total. She had begrudgingly got up to make some food. Only to then return to her desk, sliding easily over the dildo, before putting on league of legends to play with her group. Only daydreaming slightly about them knowing what she was doing whilst they all called out enemy locations and tried to strategize.
In the end, Jackie found herself dying on purpose to rise her dildo without being constrained to using the keyboard. She had never sweated from playing games before and the puddle round the base of the dildo was a source of humiliation and therefore further arousal. She had signed off early, unable to bring herself into the conversation...
As Jackie rounded the final corner and slowed down to a stop at her building, she reasoned that she'd asked Alice for some gaming rules. She couldn't let her group down like that, she also couldn't spend all evening on games, it didn't feel productive.
Sneakers in hand, Jackie walked up the stairs and found Alice waiting at her door. "Get straight in the shower, I'll have your outfit waiting."
Jackie showered and for a second morning in a row, couldn't help but notice how aroused she was already. Her whole body felt like it was sensitive to the slightest touch.
Alice leaned round the corner, startling Jackie, who'd been spending longer than she needed running her hands over her entire naked form.
"Hey, you like you're having fun." She smiled. "I can get you a dildo for the shower wall if you like?"
Jackie rook longer than expected to reply. "No, thank You Ma'am"
Alice filed this away for further consideration before continuing "I know you shave everything at the moment, but from now on I want you to keep the hair above your pussy unshaven. I have plans for it."
Thinking a second, she clarified "Just your pubis, I'm not telling you you can't shave your armpits" she said with a chuckle.
Leaving without further input, Alice left Jackie pondering what that meant. She added it to her mental list of rules to write down with the others later.
Stepping out of the shower and drying herself off took a few minutes and then Jackie hung her towel back up, walking into her room naked and confident, looking to surprise her tormentor somewhat. Unsure if it was surprise, she was met with a genuine smile and a lustful look at her whole body.
"Stop being such a tease Missy!" Alice quipped. "Do you want me to bend you over that desk and spank you?"
Jackie paused for longer than expected again, before giving an unsure "No Ma'am."
For the second time, Alice was reassured that Jackie wouldn't shy away from punishments. She started plotting, even as she showed Jackie her outfit.
Jackie looked at the thong leggings and hoody and was happy enough with the choice. It was an oversized comfy hoody, do she would feel a little naked underneath with no top or bra. She could deal with that though.
Before letting her dress, Alice got out a pen and drew over the love heart on Jackie's ass cheek. Making it more prominent again and making her blush.
Pulling on the thong, it certainly wasn't covered at all. And as Jackie pulled on the leggings she noticed something off... They were thinning as they stretched, she was starting to see the hue of her skin, they were tights!
"These are tights Ma'am, can I change them?"
Alice laughed. "I know. That's why you have the large hoody on."
Jackie finished pulling them on and nodded timidly, "Yes Ma'am."
The two girls talked about School until it was time to leave and to Jackie's surprise, Alice joined her for her walk to class. They continued talking about how their first semester was going, both of them felt happy about being away from home and starting their own lives. Jackie kept thinking how her experience had been far from a normal College experience, but she was loving it. Despite the terrifying public experiences she had endured. At least she hadn't been caught she guessed.
When Jackie split with Alice for her class she didn't waste any time, heading straight for the bathroom to insert her plug. She hadn't forgotten anything today, she made sure of it. Although she was worried bout wearing just a hoody and some tights. She'd have to sit somewhere out of the way in class. At least she didn't have math, where she had set herself up for sitting at the front going forward...
The plug slid easily in and soon Jackie had her tights back on, heading for class. Her phone in her hoody pocket serving to weigh it down and keep her modesty.
As she slinked into class and found an empty row of seats, Jackie thought to herself how at the very base level Alice was helping her School work. She couldn't get distracted by her class mates, as she kept avoiding them.
Terrified of anyone seeing beneath her hoody, Jackie rested her bag on her lap and set her laptop on top of that. Settling in to take notes for the duration.
As she did, her discord pinged. This was the method her and Alice had swapped to for messaging as it was installed on all of her devices. "No escape" Alice had joked, which wasn't wrong...
"Hope you remember to take those panties off..."
She knew Alice was just tormenting her. She was obviously following the rules.
"Yes Ma'am"
Through the rest of the class l, Jackie sat taking notes, trying to push her state of undress and arousal to the back of her mind. Growing warmer from the embarrassment. By the time it was over, she was desperate for some fresh air.
Walking to her next class gave Jackie some reprieve, but only enough to let her hot skin return to It's normal shade, rather than the bright pink she had been. She sat through Psychology with a calmness she didn't think herself capable of, even forgetting her state of undress for a while.
Mr Turner, the Lecturer was younger than a lot of the lecturers and not unattractive. Bored of the subject, Jackie began to fantasise about him noticing her lack of panties and keeping her behind after class. She was just getting to the part in her daydream where his hard cock slipped easily inside her dripping pussy when the bell rang. Leaving her feeling empty and needy.
She wanted to go home and use her dildo to fill herself, to grind and fuck herself close to the release she craved. She needed it inside her...
Jackie's heart sank and filled with warmth simultaneously as she nearly bumped into Alice carrying a sports bag.
"We're going to play tennis." Alice grinned.
"You look like you could do with blowing off some steam..." She winked.
Jackie blushed harder, was it that obvious? Or did Alice read her that well? Either way she was embarrassed by the comment and deflated she wasn't going to get to fill her needy hole.
They walked to the tennis complex. A large indoor space with 3 courts. There were outdoor courts, but they were usually reserved for matches and were out of commission for this semester.
Alice led her into the changing rooms and laid out Jackie's tennis attire. A College Uniform top, sleeveless and similar to a cheerleader Jersey; a white pleated skirt; and short white socks. The white compression shorts that should go with it had been replaced by a white thong and, of course, there was no sports bra to be seen. Jackie guessed that would be against her new rule.
Removing her hoody and tights, Jackie contemplated the outfit for a second, could she really play tennis in just a thong? Would people call her out on it, or would they just talk about her behind her back... She reasoned she was going to get a reputation soon. The utter embarrassment made her already wet cunt leak down her thigh.
Alice watched the naked girl in amusement. Leaking grool without touching herself... Perhaps it would be time to let her cum soon.
Walking out of the changing rooms, the girls were greeted by 3 empty courts. Alice silently pumped her fist. This is what she had hoped for and anticipated. She had plans for their session. She put down the bag on the middle court, made sure the net was taught and got their rackets out. Jackie's was cinsiderably more professional looking. When Alice asked about it the other girl replied. "It was a present for my 16th, It's a little small now, but I love it too much to buy a new one."
Alice handed it to her as well as 2 spare balls.
"Let's play to warm up."
The girls played back and forth for a good while, Alice clearly hadn't been coached, but had a natural flare and returned the ball with confidence. The game got more and more spirited, as they got the measure of each other, until Jackie's fitness and experience got the better of Alice. They both stopped after the final point, panting.
"Well that's you warmed up" Alice winked before catching her breath some more.
She walked to the ball machine, that was tucked away on the far wall, pulling it into position on the court.
After letting Jackie recover, she got her on the opposite side of the court to return the balls from the device. Giving her a couple of easy returns at first, partly to get to grips with the thing. Then she layed down the Gauntlet for Jackie. "Every ball you don't return befits a punishment. We'll do 100."
Jackie gulped, and replied "Yes Ma'am"
Before she had even closed her mouth, the first ball was flying at her, this time Alice had engaged the spin function, so she had to stretch to return the backhand, before turning to sprint for the next ball which came straight and powerful down centre Court. Contouring her body, she managed an awkward return before setting her feet for the next ball, which she returned easily.
Alice was impressed, but slightly disappointed, she turned the dial on the machine and to level 2...
Soon Jackie missed her first ball, hitting it with the edge of the racket as she stretched.
"OK. Take off your top"
Jackie had expected nudity, and they were alone, so she complied. Putting her top next to Alice's bag before returning to her position.
"Looking good!" Alice jibed.
Jackie smiled and focused. Returning 8 more balls before missing again. Upon doing so, she watched Alice wander to bag, pull out 2 items and approach her with a wicked smile.
She flicked one of Jackie's nipples an quickly applied a clothes pin to it. Eliciting a whimper from the topless girl. "Are your nipples sensitive?" Alice asked casually. Licking the other nipple as Jackie stumbled a reply "N... not usually this much, but I've been so horny, they're so..ooo...oo sensitive."
Alice stopped teasing her. "Wear them until your next forfeit." She blew a kiss as she strutted away to bombard Jackie further.
Despite the tug on her oversensitive nipples Jackie managed 5 returns, before 1 of the pins lost grip, snapping off painfully and distracting her for the split second required for her to lose track of the ball. She was almost grateful.
Alice shouted over "Flick the other one off and take off your skirt."
Jackie winced as she flicked the clothes pin, once then twice and finally a third time with enough force to remove it. Her finger was sore from the impact, her nipple was reeling; her pussy as she could feel, was convulsing. She removed her skirt, leaving her in a white thong and matching white trainers. She tried to focus.
Alice allowed a good few returns after that, enjoying Jackie's naked form dancing across the court, but the anticipation got the better of her and she sent a ball flying into the opposite corner. Standing up before it even landed.
Jackie stood patiently.
Stepping behind her, Alice begn to slowly pull down her thong, stopping at her ankles. When Jackie began to step out of it, she stopped her.
"No, just spread your legs"
Jackie did so, allowing the thong to go taught at her ankles. Alice stood up.
"Now bend at the waist and hold your ankles."
Jackie easily got into the position and hoped she wasn't right abut her fate.
True to her suspicions, Alice steadied her with one hand, while delivering 10 hard spanks with the other. The exhale of breath after the first, had evolved into a groan of pleasure and pain by the 10th. Alice smiled, she knew Jackie was a pain slut. Confirmation was sweet.
Playing out the final balls Jackie was spanked a further 50 times. Grool began to join the sweat smoking her thighs, making It's way further down her legs. Threatening to soak her socks. Alice could have played well past 100, she would never have known. She was in a horny trance, playing on instinct and delivering good results Alice observed. She did however make the final ball impossible to hit, to give Jackie a final forfeit.
"OK, We're done, but you missed the last ball. Take off the rest of your clothes."
Jackie was relieved to take off the soaking thong and happy enough to remove her shoes and socks. Standing there naked she handed it all to Alice only to have the thong shoved into her mouth." Collect all the balls into that bucket and put it back with the machine."
Alice turned an walked away, leaving the naked girl to her task. She wanted to give Jackie time to come back to herself. The panties in mouth and nudity were partly just for her own amusement and partly to keep her horny. She didn't want to undo all her hard work.
Eventually Jackie returned to find a now completely redressed Alice.
"The showers are out of order. We'll have to head home."
Jackie waited expectantly for clothes, unable to communicate her wish.
Alice caved eventually after letting her sweat for a second. She threw the hoody at Jackie. Wear that with the thong in your mouth. I have my car, so I'll drive us back.
Momentarily shell shocked. Jackie replayed the sentence in her head. She had to wear her now totally foul thong. She slumped her shoulders, pulled it from her mouth and stepped reluctantly into it. Cold sweat, grool and saliva clung to her legs as she pulled the sodden garment up her legs and into place. Then she threw on the hoody, she desperately wanted to get back for a shower.
Sitting in a comfortable silence in the car, Jackie began to notice how well put together Alice looked. Had she lied about the shower?
She tried to remember if her hair had been wet, but her exhaustion and the warmth of the car began to get to her and she drifted off to sleep.