This one actually happened earlier this Summer, so sitting around bored this morning, I thought I would relate it.
+++
"Honey, can you run me down to the store? The dealership is picking up my car this morning and I need to get some things." My wife Debra asked me one Saturday Morning.
Now I hate to shop, hate to go to stores. I will do anything and everything, from pretending to be asleep to having a sore foot, try whining, make up excuses, bad back, pick one, I will try it.
Usually doesn't work, of course, Debs is onto me.
But she also understands, and realizes that my having to watch her check every single item in the store, comparing cost per ounce drives me even more batty than I already am.
It's three hours for her to run down and get a gallon of milk and a dozen eggs.
Still, her damn Camaro, (yeah, a 60 year old female Doctor that drives a hot rod Camaro) for some reason started and ran but put it in gear, it just would not go. Even foot to the floor, all it would do was idle.
Some crazy thing like a glitch in the rev limiter is what they suggested, or some sensor, so they were sending a flat bed truck to haul it in and fix it.
Which of course, meant I was stuck. Calling a taxi popped right into my old head but that would start a fight so I kept my mouth shut.
So I moaned but out we went, climbed into my big white Dodge truck. OK, maybe I am not much better than Debs there, my pickup is a 3/4 ton, it has a big diesel engine, turbocharged, of course.
An old man like me needs a rig like that about as much as he needs a hole in the head, but I like the thing so there.
Plus I put some of those great big wheels, you know the kind I mean, fancy and manly looking with the fake bead bolts on them, plus huge oversize tires, added a 4 inch exhaust system.
A couple of tweaks and the turbo boost was 10 pounds instead of 6, that added one hell of a lot of power. She will squeal all four tires for a second or two if I jump on the throttle, six cylinder be damned.
Yep, the cab is way up there, I like the rig even if it does suck down the fuel. I like being able to step on the throttle and run down about anything on the face of the Earth. My truck is pretty close to as fast as Debra's little tinker toy Camaro, well, maybe not quite but close.
I did install steps that pull out, so if we needed to, Debs could get into it. I also put them on my side too, not that I needed them or anything but it does help. Plus hand holds to help pull me up, after all, I ain't no Spring Chicken here any more.
Anyway, off we went with a roar. The road down to the highway is a bit rough and my truck is not exactly soft riding, so I got to watch Debra's titties bounce up and down as we drove.
That got me to giggling, which got her to giggling, what the hell. Taking her shopping isn't all that bad, IF I can get out of having to go inside.
I found a spot to park way off to the outside of the lot, so some jerk couldn't pull in beside me and jam the top of their door into the bottom on my door, they seem to do that regular as clockwork.
The damn spots they have down there at Safeway are about big enough for a Honda, not really big enough for any real vehicle. Plus my truck is a long box and a crew cab so it sort of sticks out into the adjacent lane.
"I will just sit here and wait, OK?" I told Debs.
She rolled her eyes but didn't argue. I reached down and turned on the radio, I subscribe to that over the air stuff, I especially like the comedy club station.
As I was sitting there listening to that fat comic talk about his Aunt and her walking farts, in pulls a tiny little blue car, a convertible.
There was a whole damned parking lot, for God's sakes, and they had to park right next to me, way over on the outside of the lot?
I waited for the thump as they got out, sure they were going to peg me with the door. Then I looked over, there was a woman behind the wheel and no one else.
She just sat there, looking straight ahead. I couldn't see her face, just the fairly long blonde hair since the top of her car was in the way.
Then the car started, and she backed up until she was right next to me instead of pulled ahead a little, as the parking spots angled some.
Now I could see most of her, very pretty. The top of her dress was showing quite a bit of cleavage, the hem was pulled up on her right leg about six inches above her knee.
Being human, and male, I was checking her out. Oddly, she was still looking straight ahead, My truck was so high I had to lean down a little bit, I could see all but the top of her head.
Then, she put the top down.
Now that was really odd, most folks going shopping lock everything up tightly, we do have a few folks running around that have sticky fingers in our little town.
Plus it was perhaps 55 degrees out? At least the Sun was shining.
Once the top was down, she shut the engine off. I reached over to change the channel, that Jeff Foxworthy guy came on. Man, he takes streaks of being funny, doesn't he?
Glancing back, I saw the woman reach up and fiddle with the top of her dress. As I watched, she tugged it lower and lower, the bodice had some kind of stretchy type material.
Out came one very nice breast!!
"Now what in the hell?" I thought. I mean, I am sitting right there, looking down at her from maybe 5 feet away, she had to have seen me.
And she pulled out one bare breast?
But still, she was looking straight ahead. Her right hand came up underneath her breast and bounced it a few times, they she rolled her nipple with a thumb and forefinger.
With a quick motion, she slid her hand over and out came the other one.
There I sat, with a rather pretty blonde lady in a convertible next to me, displaying her tits?
OK. That is different.
I saw her glance around, she leaned forward to check in her mirrors. Then she leaned back, doing that shrug her shoulders thing that women do, and the top of her dress was now puddled at her waist.
The seat back began to recline, until it was back as far as it would go. Obviously the tiny little car had power seats. There she lay, just sitting there, both tits fully on display, her dress pulled up showing quite a bit of obviously bare thigh.
I heard some music, she reached over and picked up a cell phone. Her hands were busy for a few seconds, then I heard the music again.
Texting with someone, I could see that. I did look around, saw no one nearby.
This was all pretty wild, I was thinking.
She put the cell phone back into her purse, then swung her right leg over the console. She put her knee against the seat back, and pulled the hem of her dress upwards.
A tuft of sparse blonde pubic hair came into view, for the very first time her eyes met mine.
She smiled a sly smile, opened her legs as widely as the confines of her vehicle would allow. Then she sat up suddenly, so I figured the show was all over.
Instead, she leaned forward, reclined the seat back on the passenger side, then lay back down.
Now she could get her legs much further apart.
This was insane, I was sitting there in my big truck staring down at a woman showing me everything, in a car in a public parking lot!
It was hot, let me tell you. My old root responded nicely to the situation.
I suppose I should have been thinking she was perhaps a hooker or something, but she did not look like any hooker I have ever seen.
Well, not that I go around looking for them, being married and all, but I have seen some that made me suspicious.
There we sat, the blonde woman lying there, both boobs out, legs spread, blonde beaver on display, there was no longer any pretend, she was showing off to me deliberately.
Then she did the most obscene thing I have ever seen a woman do in my life!
She reached down with both hands, put her fingers on each side of her pussy and spread it out! And she just lay there like that, for what had to be several long minutes. I saw a bead of clear moisture well up, then slowly slide down her very pink lips.
She lay there just like that, long enough for Jeff Foxworthy to complete his act on the radio but I don't remember any of it.
I all but shot off in my pants.
Just then, I happened to glance in my rear view mirror and saw Debra headed across the lot with a shopping cart.
I am not sure if the woman heard the cart's wheels rattling on the rough pavement or what, but the blonde suddenly sat up, rearranged her clothing. She put the seat forward, started the car and drove away.
Dang.
Oh, well. I got out and helped Debra put the bags in the back, something must have shown in my face, or perhaps it was the bulge in my trousers.
I opened the passenger door and gave Debs a boost up into the truck, I will bet you can guess where I put my hand when I pushed her up.
"Ok. Why are you so frisky all of a sudden?" She asked me.
I walked around, climbed in and started the engine.
"Man, do I have a story to tell you!" I told her with a grin. Debs glanced down at the front of my slacks with a mildly confused look on her face, then she grinned.
So on the way home, I related what the blonde lady had done. She was apparently an exhibitionist, getting off on displaying herself.
I did admit to Debs that I found that hotter than hell, but then, I do have those voyeur tendencies.
I know there are women like that, I have seen a few and am married to one that has done a few things herself.
"Great. Now maybe now you won't mind taking me shopping so much?" She told me with a smirk.
I am not so sure of that, though.