Robin was away at college for two months now. And being away from home for the first time in her life she was pretty lonely. She knew she was kind of snobby which is why she hadn't made many friends yet and was looking to correct it. But that didn't stop her from having to carry her laundry; all thirty pounds of it because she had been procrastinating; to her car and drive it to the laundry mat.
Once there she was immediately bored. She played on her phone a while before running over what assignments she had to finish in her head while waiting for the laundry to wash. The only other person in the laundryomat was the cashier whose nametag read Steve. Probably because it was a Saturday night. What kind of loser goes out and washes their clothes on a Saturday night? Robin herself she guessed.
Steve was a bit older than her; but that didn't bother her. Robin had a thing for older guys since her teens. The real problem was that Steve didn't seem to know or care for that matter she existed. She figured it was because she was a little fat. At 5'2" tall and 140 lbs. she wasn't exactly most guys' idea of thee ideal woman. Man she hated the whole "toothpick" standard forced on society by the media. But there she was being a snobby feminist again. She was good at it when she wanted to be.
She crossed her legs a bit trying to get the clerk's attention and coughed. When that didn't work she got a little brazen and adjusting her flowery halter top so her cleavage looked really nice and would give this "Steve" a good view of her assets. Being a little heavy did have its advantages too. Namely she had a nice size set of tits; though she thought her ass was a little on the small side. Standing up she adujsted the bottom of her shirt over her jeans and looked down at her dirty Converse before walking up to the counter.
Once there she leaned forward on the counter to give Steve an ample view while she asked for change again. This time he definitely noticed her and she smiled to herself hoping she made him hard. Robin loved being a cocktease. She made sure to wiggle her tits a bit while she made small talk with Steve. He seemed like a nice enough guy. The laundromat was his night job and during the day he worked at Wal-Mart. He was 33 years old which was a little too old for her. Not like she planned to do anything with him anyway. She was just having fun pulling out her lip gloss and rubbing it slowly over her lips to get a reaction out of him.
She then decided she wanted a smoke and asked if she could use the bathroom because it was cold outside. He told her they only had a bathroom for employees. After checking around jokingly at the empty store he told her she could use it though. She thanked him and hopped up on the counter to his surprise. She knew her tits would be wobbling pretty good for him with that move as she slid on over the counter. When she did she glanced down at his crotch. He was definitely hard. She liked that. And she enjoyed embarrassing him by letting him catch her looking at it. While he apologized she laughed and excused herself to the bathroom. He looked relieved.
The bathroom stall was small with a toilet, sink, mirror; and little else. It was pretty clean though and she sat on the bowl and looking through her pocketbook took out a Newport and lit it. She grinned and thought about poor Steve. He must be really horny after the way she teased him with her teenage titties. And very embarrassed too with what she did. She knew it was a bit mean; but it was fun she thought. Finishing her cigarette she fixed herself up a little in the mirror and then opened the door. Steve was gazing out at the store while she stood looking at him in the doorway.
When she called his name Steve nearly had a heart attack as he spun about. Robin laughed at this. This guy was too easy. She asked him if he liked working at the landromat and he told her it was boring. She said it couldn't be too boring with all the cute girls from the nearby college coming in. This caught him offguard and he seemed a little nervous. She told him not to worry about the hard-on. That she gave lots of guys that reaction and was used to it. She told him she was pretty bored out here too. That she lived all her life on Long Island and now being upstate; none of her friends were here. She then had a devilish thought.
And poor Steve was in utter shock when Robin asked if he'd liked to see her tits. He didn't know what to say; so she made the decision for him and flashed him. She had fun flashing guys while she was out with her girlfriends. She liked being the wild one of the group being she couldn't be the thin one. Steve was beat red and Robin loved it. She teased him a bit and this time slowly exposed herself to him. Steve then looked at the front door and told her that they shouldn't be doing this. Robin told him he was a chicken and dared him to touch one. When he said no; she threatened to walk out into the open with her breasts out.
Quickly he walked over to her to give them a quick squeeze; but Robin had other ideas and grabbing his wrist she held him there feeling her tits. She asked if he liked them. Which was obvious from the tent in his pants. Robin was feeling very vulgar. She knew this guy she barely knew must think she was a slut. And that aroused her a bit more while Steve timidly squeezed her breasts. Letting his hands go now she stood on her tiptoes and wrapping her arms around his back she kissed him.
This time Steve wasn't too timid as he began kissing her back sliding his tongue into her mouth. His mouth quickly moved down to Robin's breasts and she let him continue. He was pretty good at suckling her nipples. She loved it when a guy payed her tits some attention. She then reached down and rubbed his cock through his jeans. She told Steve that they had better do something about that before he got blue balls. That she didn't want to hurt him. She then asked if he'd like to tit-fuck her. Steve didn't know what to say.
Used to this Robin backed into the bathroom and sat on the toilet. She liked being in charge anyway. Made her more comfortable. She smiled up at Steve as she unbuttoned his pants and took out his cock. She thought about what her parents would think of her now; seated on a toilet with a stranger's cock in her hand. Fuck them. They were pretty open about sex anyway. She stroked Steve's rock hard cock a bit and asked him if he liked it. Of course he did. She then circled her tongue about it for a bit and Steve attempted to stick his dick in her mouth. She stopped him however and told him to let her do what she wanted or she'd go and finish her laundry. He was putty in her hands.
Steve wasn't that big. His cock was about five inches long. She had to sit up a bit as she pulled her tits out of her shirt and grabbing one of them; which she rubbed seductively; she began petting Steve's erection with it. She then let go of him and took her other tit squeezing his cock between her tits. Steve moaned pretty loudly when she began rubbing her breasts all over his cock and she told him to be quiet in case someone came in. He did and she slowly began bouncing up and down.
Steve stroked Robin's medium length brown hair as he looked down at her. He couldn't believe this was happening as she looked up at him through her glasses and asked if he liked fucking her big slutty tits. This was too much for Steve and he began cumming all over her. Most of it landed on her tits, but one strand hit her cheek and another splattered in her hair before Robin took control again and aimed his dick at her breasts. Robin looked a mess while she smiled up at her conquest and told him how much she loved cum on her tits while she rubbed it in. She even brought one of them to her mouth and flicked her nipple with her tongue; licking off some of Steve's sperm in the process.
She then surprised Steve again when she told Steve it was her turn now. Unbuttoning her jeans she stood up a little to give herself enough room to get her hand in her pants. Steve watched stunned as Robin began to masturbate herself in front of him. While she rubbed herself Robin asked Steve if he liked what she did and if he thought she was a slut. He said he loved it; but didn't think she was bad. She then told him to call her a slut. When she insisted he did. She asked him if he enjoyed fucking her filthy tits and grabbing his hand had him play with them as she began to shudder and convulse in orgasm. Quickly Steve put his hand to her mouth as she moaned and this made her cum harder. Robin looked up at Steve in a daze with her hand in her pants. They then heard a noise.
Steve went to investigate while Robin fixed her shirt and wiped the cum out of her hair with her hand before wiping it on her pants. Good thing she was at the laundromat she laughed in her head. The noise turned out to be nothing and Robin returned to the front of the counter where she talked to Steve for a bit while her clothing dried. Eventually the laundry buzzed and she said she had to go home and asked if he'd like to get dinner sometime. Steve kind've blushed and looked lost when he told her that he didn't think his wife would like that. It was only then that Robin noticed the wedding band.
It was now Robin's turn to be embarrassed and she told him that it was fun before quickly throwing her clothes into her laundry basket and heading home. That was the last time she saw Steve. As rumor on campus would have it he had been caught on the security camera getting a little too friendly with one of the customers. Robin of course had no idea who that could've been.