The Saturday night air was warm, the moon near full, and the four girls had Jen's car. After buying some snacks and cruising the strip, they left town and wandered to the local Lover's Lane to drink some wine. The dirt road circled a hill until it widened beneath a bluff with a view of the lake.
Stopping at the near end of the county park, they walked up a short trail to the top of the ridge. Their talk mostly bemoaned the fact that they didn't have dates and they cursed out the 'slutty' girls who were getting all the action, and who they secretly envied. A light summer breeze accompanied them. Reaching the wooded copse, they settled onto the grass. Passing around the bottle of sweet wine, they enjoyed the view of the shimmering lake.
Although they were no more than fifty feet above the parkers, the trees cast a shadow and made them near invisible in their roost. However, the vehicles below were bathed in silvery moonbeam light. It was still somewhat early and the traffic in the lot was moderate. Six or seven cars were scattered at discrete distances.
The girls sipped from the bottle, munched on their treats and listened to the sound of a pop rock song wafting from one of the cars. Tess pushed her hair back and began to hum along. The music did it's job throughout the park of lowering inhibitions and raising libidos.
Off to the left was a late model red convertible with the roof down. Lydia nudged Riley and pointed. All their heads turned and they had a bird's eye view as the couple began to kiss.
Nestled in the dark shade, the friends leaned against the evergreens trees and giggled at their naughty voyeurism.
Noticing the woman had a blonde ponytail, Jen leaned over and whispered, "She looks like that whore Chloe."
Riley covered her mouth to suppress a laugh and the others snorted.
As the couple groped and heated up, the girls whispered other nasty comments. Lydia got up on her knees and beckoned the others to follow. They skittered along the ledge to get closer, and a better view. When they were directly above and behind the convertible, Riley stretched out on her stomach and propped her chin on her hands. The others spread out around her to observe the action below. The cluster looked like they were in a basement watching a movie on a big screen TV.
With a closer view, they realized they didn't know this woman. Still, they used the nickname "Chloe" to describe her in their murmured salacious comments.
Soon, the women loosened her blouse and revealed her full breasts and attractive cleavage. Her boyfriend reached for and gingerly massaged her bosom. She moved against him and rubbed his arms and back. With wide eyes, the girls fell silent and were enthralled by the passionate tangle.
Tess blushed, then rose slightly and hissed, "We should leave before we get in trouble."
Jen quickly answered with an insistent, "No freakin' way!" Neither Lydia nor Riley made any move to leave. Tess sunk back down, straightened her skirt and resumed watching the promiscuous show.
Although the friends often talked about sex, and thought about it constantly, three of them were virgins. Jen had intercourse once, but it had been a rushed and unsatisfying coupling with a semi-drunk, former boyfriend in her senior year in high school. Despite strong sexual desires, their actions were inhibited by thinking of themselves as 'good girls'. When parked here with various frisky boyfriends, they had tensely fended off the fumbling advances and made the boys work for an occasional tit grope.
Although 'Chloe' was only slightly older, she seemed much more confident and relaxed. The blonde was clearly not constrained by the compunctions they felt when similarly situated. She was an eager participant and appeared to direct her guy to do what was necessary to increase her pleasure.
From their perch, they stared at the performance with an occasional embarrassed sidelong glance. Their snarky comments had disappeared. As the heat increased below, the girls felt their own sexual excitement build. Each had mentally retreated into solitary and focused observation.
Rather than the amateur and awkward make outs the girls were used to, this young couple was clearly experienced and enjoyed their attentive foreplay. They kissed and bantered. Stroked and smiled. After a period of mutual fondling, the blonde straighten, gave her partner a chaste peck on the cheek and nodded to the back seat. His face widened into a lecherous grin. She smiled and rolled her eyes. He attempted to vault into the back and fell clumsily in his haste. Chloe shook her head and chuckled fondly. She paused to remove her sandals, then joined him with a graceful and practiced maneuver.
The poised woman settled astride her mate and shook her ponytail free. He reached both hands for her breasts and she leaned forward to hold his head and plant kisses across his face.
Riley's heart was racing as she gaped at the embracing pair. Lying on her stomach, she glanced over her shoulder at her pals. They appeared completely concentrated on the sex show. She wore a pair of thin, synthetic tennis shorts. To address the growing need in her abdomen, Riley discretely pushed her hips down against the firm ground. She was rewarded by a pleasant tingle in her loins. She began a slight rhythmic motion of her hips that she hoped wasn't visible to her distracted best friends.
While Jen always tried to act the jaded and worldly member of the group, she was generally as naive as her girlfriends in many sexual matters. Now, the sight had made her nipples engorged. She surreptitiously adjusted her silky bra. However, the movement only served to enhance her stimulation. Enjoying the buzz, she twisted her body away to conceal her actions and gave her breast a blissful rub through her jersey.
Lydia felt flushed and her breathing was fast and shallow as her wide eyes ogled the passionate pair in the convertible. Love scenes in movies often aroused her. Yet this live action exhibition took things to a much higher level. She was leaning back on her arms and sitting cross-legged in a flimsy calico blouse and cotton skirt. Lydia sat forward and casually dropped her hands into her lap and applied a light pressure. She felt promiscuous. It felt good.
Although she was the most timid and chaste of the group, Tess was not immune to the effects of the prurient display. She occasionally lowered her eyes, but they were magnetically drawn back to the car. Tess was sitting a little behind the others. While they tried to hide it, she couldn't help but notice their blossoming excitement. Their obvious lust, on top of the intimacy below, fed her own concupiscence. Since she was small-breasted, she rarely wore a bra. Tonight she had on a light magenta camisole with skinny spaghetti straps. It dropped to her waist and flowed atop her thigh-length peasant skirt. She tilted forward a little and crossed her arms across her chest. In doing so, she casually slipped her right hand inside her cami and placed it against her warm skin. Her fingers rested on her waistband and gently massaged her tummy.
While the girls continued their soft-core self-manipulation, the action in the back seat heated accelerated.
As their passion surged, Chloe and her man were less controlled and more unrestrained. They began to rapidly disrobe in tandem. When she slipped her blouse off her shoulders in a slinky shake, he twisted up and pulled off his jersey with her assistance. His muscled torso flexed from the movement. One of the voyeurs gasped with involuntary and lusty admiration. Chloe's stark white bra beamed in the moonlight. They resumed their forceful kissing as their hands explored and their bodies rocked.
The girls on the ridge became even more self-absorbed and less cognizant of the close proximity of their friends. While still circumspect, their body manipulations increased in an echo of what they were seeing.
Chloe arched her back and pressed her loins into his with unconstrained joy. As if choreographed, she loosened his belt, while he unlatched her skirt. With some ungainly wiggling, his jeans were pulled off. Her skirt joined them on the back seat floor.
It was undeniable to the young ladies where this tryst was inevitably heading. They were simultaneously embarrassed and thrilled at the realization.
His clothes were reduced to dark boxers and socks. When Chloe tumbled back atop his torso, she revealed a bright red lace bikini tight across her heaving buttocks.
Tess stared and nibbled furiously on her lower lip. Jen softly tweaked her stiff nipple. Lydia drained the last of the wine. The lust intensified in her deep green eyes. Riley could feel the beginning of a warm dampness in her panties.
In a squirming clinch, the amorous couple continued their fond and building liaison. She hunched forward to peck his neck and tongue his ear. He alternated between squeezing her breasts and massaging her ass. The playful lovers emitted a symphony of grunts, moans and loving supplications that rose up on the warm summer breeze. The sounds were sensuous accents against the background of the music still playing in the distance.
One particularly loud squeal from Chloe startled the girls. In their heightened emotional state, they almost shrieked in response and gave away their peeping. Perhaps because their throats were dry, they managed to suppress any yells. Instead, they froze, covered their mouths and exchanged sheepish expressions. Nonetheless, there were no suggestions of departing. Even in the dim light, this was more sex education than they'd ever received in school, from parents, from magazines, or their racy imaginations. As importantly, there was also a sense that it was a tutorial in romance, as much as sex. The four partners in crime swapped glances that acknowledged their taboo voyeurism. With nods, they made a silent pact to see it through to the end and not think the less of each other for it.
The scene below progressed quickly. They both wiggled in the tight quarters as they peeled off the last of their clothes. Her panties came off and his underwear slid to his thighs. Chloe's exposed flesh shone like flawless porcelain in the silver moonbeams. She flopped forward and with legs spread undulated her body up and back atop his engorged dick.
Tess' mind was spinning. If she hadn't been inhibited by her friend's presence, her hand would have been furiously rubbing her gash. As it was, she sidled further back into the darkness. Moving her left hand under the waistband of her skirt, she petted her pussy through her underwear.
Chloe lifted her body. Sitting cowgirl style, she placed one hand on his chest and the other between her legs. From their angle, the watchers couldn't see his erection. Still, it was clear she was grasping it. His gasp confirmed this guess. With help from his hands on her thighs, she rose up on her knees. She maneuvered for a second, then, without hurrying, lowered herself with a breathy, "YES!" A blissful shiver traveled her long, slim body.
Stretching his neck and chin, he stiffened his body and inhaled deeply as his shaft penetrated. The motionless tableau lasted only a moment. Chloe commenced to move up and down. His hips rose to meet her downward pumps. His fingers played among the dark patch of her pubic hair.
Lydia stopped breathing. As the wild lovers yipped and moved at a feverish pace, she pressed the heel of her hand against her aching genitals in time with the humping below. In moments, Lydia felt a rush. A charged tingle swept her body. Her eyelids fluttered and her torso quivered. Then, the tension drained and her shoulders slumped as she relished the glowing relief.
Noticing Lydia's obvious orgasm, Tess closed her eyes and rubbed harder. Her small hand brushed frenetically across the front of the thin material of her panties. The sensitive lips within responded and enlarged. In seconds, she let out a high-pitched squeak and, with a gush, joined her friend in ecstasy.
Jen turned at the sound and saw both girls lost in obvious orgasmic dazes. She was stunned. She'd been as aroused as anyone, but had fought to control herself. Inhibited by the public location and the presence of others, she'd consoled herself with the thought of jilling off when she got home. Now, Jen felt a little foolish. And deprived. She was off-balance from her racing hormones and agitated horniness. But mostly, she was dumbfounded that two of her friends had masturbated and climaxed while she just sat there fantasizing. It was especially galling that one of them was the prudish Tess. In a vexed temper, she turned back to the main sex performance determined to get off.
The lascivious scene was coming to a conclusion. Chloe was riding with joyful abandon. Mouth open, sweat on brow, thighs pumping. Everything bounced and jiggled ... her hair, her boobs, his muscular body. As they rutted, her pale buttocks squeezed and drove down on his unseen spike. With one hand, she kneaded her nipple. The other intensely worked her clit. She grunted monosyllabic encouragement, "Right there. Good, good. Gawd!"
Before Jen could act to stroke her own slit, Chloe yelped that she was coming. Apparently just in time. Her boyfriend clenched and lifted her body skyward. Pushing as far into her as he could, he ejaculated in climax. Awash with involuntary spasms, she twisted to extract every possible ounce of pleasure. After a few seconds of final animalistic lunges into each other, they sunk together onto the seat.
On the hill, everyone was transfixed and paralyzed. Riley was the first to break the trance. She rolled from the prone position and brushed the front of her shorts. Tess quickly pulled her damp fingers from inside her dress.
"They're done. We gotta go." Riley said with intensity through clenched teeth. She hadn't climaxed and her body was wired with raging sexual tension. She wanted to get home for the privacy that would let her get the relief she craved.
Jen didn't protest. She had her own thoughts of bedrooms and bliss.
Lydia was the opposite. In a relaxed state, she felt no urgency to rush and moved slowly.
Tess had returned to normal quicker from her unexpected thrill. She helped pull Lydia to her feet and followed Jen and Riley who were moving with determination to the car.
On the drive home, pheromones whirled in the air and the conversation was scattered. The atmosphere was an odd mix of subdued and excited. No one acknowledged their self-fondling. That was for later. Rather, they talked in disbelief and hushed tones about what they'd just seen. Each described details as if to help permanently cement the images in their minds.
Riley chattered raunchily to help maintain her arousal.
Lydia was in a dreamy state. She gazed at the moon and waxed about what a beautiful night it was. The images burned in her consciousness would feed a thousand daydreams and stoke as many boudoir joys.
Tess was mostly silent. She was working through how the evening had changed her reality and expectations. It was the first time she'd seen a real woman fully enjoy sex. She was surprised that she felt thrilled by the experience, rather than guilty. Tess liked the combination of physical satiation and mental awakening. She committed to explore more licentious thoughts and actions.
Jen was edgy, but concentrated on driving safely while plotting the shortest distance to drop the other three and get home. She was eager to strip off her clothes and relive the titillating vision. She thought about writhing against her pillow and imagining she was the girl in the back seat.
Later, the moon watched as each young woman found her own slice of ecstasy and plotted how to use her new knowledge in future trysts.