Despite my recent experiences, I hadn't really explored my passion for exhibitionism away from the home and garden and places and people I was familiar with. With my aunt's encouragement, I'd been dressing more daringly. I had resolved to be more confident, taking chances to 'be naughty when the opportunity arose, as I had in the library. I'd been turned on when a dog walker had seen me taking a pee after being caught short while jogging. And was intrigued with the idea of teasing a stranger.
Having recently passed my test, my aunt had encouraged me to buy a little second-hand car. I was proud of it, as most are proud of their first, and had taken it for a full valet and clean.
On picking it up, I realised I'd skipped lunch. So I stopped to do a little shopping and have coffee at the local mall, sitting in a reasonably secluded corner on receiving my order.
I was dressed in a white silk blouse and had flirted a little with the guy who had served me, more than aware of just how sheer it was. In addition to this, several buttons were open, exposing a good deal of cleavage as I leant on the counter.
Oh, and I wasn't wearing a bra, so the darker shade of my nipples showed slightly. The young guy had been quite red by the time he had finished taking my order, making me smile and wonder if he'd be thinking of me when masturbating.
My skirt was short and pleated with a hemline daringly (or perhaps riskily) resting an inch above mid-thigh, and the tiniest of thongs left me almost bare under the skirt.
I saw a middle-aged guy sitting facing me, pretending to read a newspaper. He had been stealing glances, perhaps having also noticed the dark of my nipples showing through the blouse.
His focus seemed to switch between my breasts and peeking under the table as I was showing a great deal of leg, my skirt laying pretty far up my thighs.
Reaching under the table, I rested my hand on my thigh just below the hem of my skirt. Then looking directly at the guy, wondering what reaction I'd get, I slowly dragged the skirt over my thigh to about an inch off my barely concealed crotch.
If the guy couldn't see the white of my panties peeking out from under my skirt, then he was blind.
His gaze was now locked between my thighs, his mouth slightly open. He glanced around the area, perhaps to make sure what he was seeing was his secret, so my daring flash hadn't gone unnoticed.
I also looked around quickly, not worried but curious if anyone else could see. Still, there was no one else but the staff.
Feeling incredibly horny, I wondered how far I could push things
Would I chicken out?
Would he?
Taking a breath, I decided to go further.
Lifting my bum just a tiny bit, I pulled the skirt so far over my thighs that it exposed my panties completely, then sat forward on the edge of the seat, leant back and opened my knees.
By now, he was fidgeting around a lot, the look on this face one of complete concentration.
Thighs spread, I hooked a finger in my thong and pulled it to the side, uncovering a neat spars strip of fair hair. My pussy was partially obscured by my hand until I started slowly parting the lips, spreading them with my fingers.
He was staring openly now. Obviously, he couldn't believe what he was seeing, as I used the tip of a finger to rub along the wetness of my tight lips, slowly inserting it inside myself.
I, in turn, couldn't believe I was finger fucking, for a stranger, in the coffee shop of a public mall.
Staring at my admirer, I brushed my fingers across my wet labia. Rubbing the damp folds until my legs start trembling, lost in the sensation until orgasm stilled my hand and reality returned.
As I had pleasured myself, he had been hunched slightly forward, eyes focused between my legs while grinding his hand against the tent in his trousers.
I don't think the guy's face ever changed expressions throughout my little exhibitionist show.
This changed in a moment, however.
Enjoying the guys lingering gaze as my breathing calmed, I sat, knees splayed, with my panties still bunched over to one side. Feeling naughty as I displayed myself for his pleasure.
Suddenly his eyes clenched shut, and he visibly tensed for a full minute.
As he regained composure, he panicked and dashed for the toilets, holding his newspaper in front of his trousers, and I knew for sure he had cum in his pants.
Before he returned, I discreetly dabbed the damp spot on my seat then went to the ladies to clean up. My thong was soaked, so it ended up in my bag, leaving me with a very naked pussy, under a very short skirt.
With this in mind, feeling both confident and sexy, I headed for the escalator.
My skirt was short enough that if I leant forward just a bit the bottom of my buttocks, at the least would be on show.
Placing a foot on the next step would definitely show a lot more for someone far enough behind me, now that I had no panties.
The thought thrilled me.
I didn't have to wait for a possible escalator 'voyeur.'
As I walked quickly onto it, a guy came from the opposite side of the mall and stepped on a few steps back, where his eyes would have been level with my hem.
Holding onto the sides of the escalator, I arched my back, pretending to stretch. Knowing that the elevation of the escalator would give the man a good view up my legs and possibly a peek of my buttocks.
Nice, but I wanted a bigger thrill.
Stepping one foot up on the next step parted my legs, and I could feel the cool air on my most private place as my damp lips parted slightly.
Inconspicuously I bent over slightly as if to adjust my Sandel, causing the back of my skirt to rise very briefly as I quickly straightened back up.
Thrilled, knowing that he had probably got a good look between my legs, I felt a slight shudder of excitement.
The escalator ride was almost over, so I remained in the 'foot forward' position all the way up, imagining he was trying to take another look up my skirt.
As I walked off, he managed to walk up beside me quite quickly, flashing a friendly smile, about to say something, but I quickly veered off into a shop.
Walking back to my little car, my heart was pounding with excitement at how daring I had been.
Sitting in it, a smile on my face, I thought about the thrill I'd given two strangers. Unable to resist, I reached under my skirt and touched a finger to my pussy.
My body responded, and I clenched my thighs around my hand, enjoying the moment, suddenly coming to my senses as a car door clicked shut.
Looking up, I noticed that I'd been observed masturbating by my escalator voyeur, who was sitting in the driver seat of an SUV beside me.
I wasn't sure if he had followed me, but he had obviously been watching and had tried to slip into his vehicle quietly. It was much larger than my car, so he would have a great view down into it.
He smiled, and I smiled back.
Never losing eye contact with him, I took a breath, secure in the knowledge my doors were locked and slowly unbuttoned my blouse, exposing my breasts.
From the look on his face and how his shoulder and arm moved, it looked like he might have begun masturbating. I watched for a moment, my pussy wetter than ever, so turned on it felt like I would orgasm without touching myself.
Turning sideways in my seat to face the SUV, I pulled my skirt up around my waist. I daringly spread my knees, raising my hips to give him a full view of my naked pussy as I slipped a finger inside myself.
My clit was so sensitive that just touching it pushed me to the brink. I fucked my pussy with my finger hard and fast, imagining the stranger's cock pleasuring me as I felt myself approaching orgasm.
Watching him, I knew by the way he was tensing that he was about to cum. His shoulder and arm moved faster now, up and down at a frantic pace, pumping furiously. However, his eyes never left the show I was giving.
That sent me over the edge. I spread my legs further apart, hips rising, as I pushed back on the fingers sliding deep inside. Feeling a wave of pleasure wash over me in an orgasm so powerful it seemed to last for delicious minutes.
It was a while before the throbbing deep inside of me subsided.
I sat there, thighs clamped, my fingers gently pressed to my dripping pussy letting the intense feelings subside, watching the man in the SUV who was in the process of cleaning up. He held up a wad of tissue and mouthed thanks, blowing a kiss, which made me laugh.
I sat there after he drove off, giving myself time to come back to earth before going home.
I straightened my clothes, started my car, backed out of the parking space and drove out of the parking lot. I couldn't wait to get home and tell aunty everything I had done during the day. No doubt she'd be wondering why my clothes were so dishevelled and would expect the whole story over a glass of wine.