"...and I want a side of wings too..." Crystal said.
"Got it...is that all?" the man on the other line asked.
"Yes." Crystal piped.
"Ok, that'll be 12.99. Someone should be there in about 10 minutes."
Crystal thanked him and hung up. She sighed nervously and began running through her head what would happen next. After all this was the first time she had done something this...well...crazy was one word to describe it.
She would wait for the door to ring, and for the first time in her 23 years of life, flash someone she didn't know.
In truth it was something she had always wanted to do. Something she had thought about every time she drove through a fast food place or ordered a pizza, or Chinese food, or a sandwich or practically anything anywhere. But, in her honest opinion, she never really knew how to start her course into exhibitionism.
At first she thought getting naked by herself in an empty parking lot would be the beginning. A good way to be naked where no one could see. And she had done it. But, after the first 30 seconds, it was...well...dull.
She wanted someone to see her. She wanted the excitement of someone who she had never met before to see a part of her he or she wasn't supposed to. She wanted a voyeur to see her naked...or at least a part of her naked.
Crystal giggled with excitement as she checked the time.
"What if he tries to have sex with me?" she thought abruptly. Her heart skipped a beat. But it wasn't a worried nervous...it was...excitement? She surprised herself a bit. If it actually happened surely she'd turn it down...surely Crystal would tell him no...right?
Well maybe a quick squeeze, Crystal thought to herself smiling.
She brought herself back to reality and checked the time again. Only 5 more minutes.
Crystal began getting a little reserved.
"Well ok let's not get too crazy...maybe I should do it next time." she thought to herself. "Maybe...maybe I'm going to far."
But she couldn't lie to herself. She wanted to be seen at least once in her life. She wanted to see the look on a strangers face and have that naughty feeling of being caught. She wanted that excitement as if it was an addicting drug. She NEEDED it!!
Her mind was racing..."no...no I'm not...I'm not going to do it. This is stupid." Crystal reasoned with herself. "What am I thinking?"
And with that Crystal decided not to do it. "maybe next time. Maybe when I get a bit more courage..."
But before she could think any more, her apartment door bell rang.
"...uh...just a minute!!" Crystal shouted. She started having a mini panic. She had come so close but now was backing out..."
"Why am I backing out?" Crystal thought to herself. She was braver then this!
Crystal wore tight yoga pants, with a basic t-shirt and no bra under it. Everyone always complimented her on her long fit legs, but her breasts were smaller then she'd like to have admitted. She was very nervous but confident and thought she looked pretty but not gorgeous. She had short blond hair, was medium height with a piercing in her nose and belly button.
As she walked towards the door, something uncontrollable came over her. She arrived at her door but just before she opened it, she took off her yoga pants. She stood there in her slim panties and t-shirt with no bra. She pretended to cough and opened the door.
The delivery guy stood there a bit surprised. "Uh..that'll be 12.99." he said softly.
"Oh I forgot the money." she thought out loud. She walked back to her couch and grabbed the money plus tip. She made sure to give the delivery guy a nice look at her ass as she bent over to grab the money from the table in the middle of her room. She came back to the door and handed it to the delivery boy and told him to keep the change. She took the food and closed the door.
As she stood there, she shook her head. "Well...fuck it" she said. "He's already seen my tushy..." She took off her shirt and panties and opened the door.
"Hey" Crystal yelled. She stood there for a moment naked and allowing the delivery boy to get a good look at her.
She ran and caught up to the delivery boy. She give him a big hug and kissed him on the cheek. "Have a great night" she said, and ran back into her room, shutting and locking the door behind her.
She put her hand over her mouth smiling. "Holy shit that was fun!" she thought. "Holy shit I wanna do that again!!"