This is my entry in theLiterotica Nude Day Story Contest.
This story features father/daughter love. If this isn't your thing, you should probably move on.
Here's a fun fact: the beginning of this story is true. However, all characters other than the narrator are fictional, as are all sexual activities. All characters are over the age of eighteen.
Much thanks to my editor, neuroparenthetical. The best parts are due to his guidance and editing skills.
———
I honestly do not know where the idea came from; it was completely unmotivated, with no logical precursor. I picture the tiny cartoon devil sitting on my shoulder, whispering naughty things in my ear. Wherever it came from, it was clear as a bell -- a thought entering my mind one afternoon, fully formed as a concrete plan.
If I waited until two o'clock in the morning, I could walk down my driveway stark naked.
My first thought after that wasHoly shit, that would be awesome!followed byWhere the hell did THAT idea come from?I never did figure out how I'd come up with it, but I liked it. I thought about it a lot.
The idea struck me one summer day in 2010. At that time, doorbell cameras were still years away, and although some people had security cameras, they were rather rare for families living in a typical housing development. If the thought were to occur to me now, I'd dismiss it as just another flight of fancy -- far too many ways I could be seen, too many houses with hidden cameras. At that time, however, it seemed like an exciting idea worth investigating. It was something very erotic that I could actually do, not just fantasize about.
I have never been to a nude beach or resort, even though the idea is one of my sexual fantasies. One of my favorite search terms on porn sites is 'nude in public.' The idea of exposing myself has always turned me on, so I was more than a little receptive to the idea of walking outside naked, even if it was only on dark nights. That's what had me standing out in the driveway that very same day, analyzing the entire situation.Okay, so, no streetlights on our street, no obvious reason to dismiss the idea out of hand.I'm sure some of the neighbors thought I was a bit off.
Ours was just another development house in a small suburban town. The street we lived on wasn't truly a cul-de-sac by strict definition, but it was close. It was a simple half-mile loop that ended up where it started. The only traffic was from people who lived on the street. We lived right in the middle of a long, straight stretch, so I knew I would be able to see car headlights from quite a distance away. Our driveway wasn't long -- just long enough to hold three cars end-to-end if they were parked very tightly.
A few logistical issues nagged at me, including moonlight. When the moon is full, it can light things up significantly. As much as the idea of getting caught excited me, I didn't want to end up sitting in the back of a police car. I wanted to make sure I would be hidden under the cover of darkness. Once back inside, I checked the moonrise and moonset times on my computer, and found that the sky would be moonless at two o'clock. I could do my nude walk that very night. I resolved to do it.
That night I went to bed at the usual time: ten o'clock. I knew I couldn't set my alarm, since I didn't want to risk waking my daughter, Simone. I was hoping I'd simply wake up at some point close to 2:00 and carry out my mission. I was so excited at the thought of being outside naked that it took me a while to get to sleep, but eventually I drifted off.
This sounds incredible, but I swear it's true: I woke up with a start at 1:57 AM. I was fully awake immediately and looked at the clock. My heart started beating so hard it worried me. I've never felt my heart pound like that -- not ever. I could hear it in my ears and feel it in my chest. Every pore of my body was tingling at the thought of what I was about to do.
I snuck quietly out of my bedroom and headed for the back door. I sleep in my underwear, so when I stepped outside into the cool night air, all I had on was my briefs. I stood on the back porch in the darkness, my heart pounding, my cock hard. I pulled my underwear off and stood naked on my back porch, my dick standing tall.
The backyard has trees on two sides, and on moonless nights it's very dark back there. Our neighbor to the south has a driveway floodlight which illuminates our side yard. The north side lawn is usually quite dark, although not as pitch black as the backyard. I ventured out into the darkness, feeling the dew-covered grass between my toes. I walked to the gate on the north side, opened it, and stepped through. Going through that gate felt so dangerous and exciting.
I looked both ways up and down the street. I didn't see anyone. I remember the rush of being naked and out in the open, even though no one was around. I approached the driveway, my hard dick swaying in front of me. Then I walked the down the driveway to the street. It's difficult to put into words how excited I was. I was truly nude in public, just like the performers in my favorite porn videos. Even though I knew there was almost zero chance that I was being seen, the thrill of being caught naked had heightened my senses.
For the first time in my life, I felt a cool breeze on my ass, balls and penis. I strolled up and down the driveway several times, not wanting my exhibition to end. After a few minutes I returned to the backyard, where I put my underwear back on. I reentered the house, snuck back to bed, and quietly masturbated to an intense orgasm.
From that day on, I had a new hobby. Whenever the sky was dark and the weather was good, I was outside, naked. One night I decided that instead of jerking my dick in bed, I should get myself off on the front lawn. I stood by my front door and started stroking myself. I spread my legs and pumped my cock, looking around to see if any cars were coming.
I bent my knees and started pivoting my hips, giving my fist a good fucking. I used two hands on my shaft, rubbing my cock head on each thrust. The feeling was incredible -- not just my hands on my dick, but the fact that I was masturbating in a public place. Maybe no one was watching, or maybe somebody was, but in either case I was indeed abusing my cock where people could potentially see me.
I gripped my mushroom head between my thumb and my finger and twirled it. My other hand cupped my balls, caressing and fondling them. I rubbed my cock head, then started sliding my hand from tip to base, fucking every inch of my rod. As I felt my orgasm approaching, I moaned quietly, feeling that familiar tingling in my balls. I stroked harder and faster, my hand furiously masturbating my cock. I said out loud, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," knowing that if anyone was nearby, they would hear me. I came hard, shooting my sperm out onto the porch. After I was spent, I collapsed on the lawn, my cum-covered fist still holding my softening penis.
I tend to want things organized, and my nude excursions were no exception. I knew that moonlight could present a problem, so I started tracking moon phases. To further mitigate against being caught, I made a rule to never be out be any earlier than 1:00 AM, nor later than 3:00. I started out just going a few houses down the street and back. I ventured a little further each time until, one night about two weeks later, I'd made it halfway around the loop, at which point it was just as far to go all the way around. There were no street lights along the way, but there were some yard lights, and there was enough ambient light that I was never in pitch darkness. I could see well enough to know that I could probably be seen if someone were to be looking.
I'd estimated that I was walking nude nearly three weeks out of each month. I did that for months. I had a couple close calls when cars drove down the street. The first time, I was at the far end of the street and spotted a car coming around the corner. The second time I was on the wrong side of the street and would have had to cross right in the car's headlights to get home. Both times, I wouldn't have been able to get home in time, so I ran across the nearest yard and hid in the neighbor's shrubs until the car had passed.
One of my outings nearly ended in disaster. I had started fantasizing about one of my neighbors stepping outside just as I was passing by. I'd kind of hoped Mrs. Miller would come out on her porch and see my dick. She was in her mid 30's, and had recently divorced. I didn't know a lot about her, but I knew three things: she had a pool, she wore bikinis, and she was sexy as hell. Just thinking about her turned me on.
Just as I was passing the Miller house one night, the porch light came on. It scared the bejesus out of me and I took off running. I was five houses away before hazarding a look back. I didn't see anyone outside, just a light illuminating their porch.
The realization hit me shortly thereafter that the light was probably Susan Miller herself. Since the divorce, she was living there with her two kids, but no Mr. Miller. If she had caught me nude, I would have cum right there on the sidewalk. She would have been shocked that I was at her house with my dick on display, and I would have greeted her with a sperm fountain.
I considered, ever so briefly, going back.
It should be obvious when I say I wasn't going to tell my daughter about my new hobby. I had been a single dad for most of her life, and although we had a great relationship, it was strictly father and daughter, with no sexual overtones. She had never even seen me in my underwear, let alone naked. At that time she was in her freshman year at the state university, and because it was close by, she lived at home.
One night, I quietly let myself back inside after my latest nude stroll. I had my briefs on, but I hadn't masturbated yet, so my cock was fully erect. I was as quiet as I could be, but nevertheless, the kitchen light flicked on.
Note that I was wearing briefs. If I had been wearing boxers, I would have been seriously tenting them -- an obvious indication of an erection. An erection while wearing briefs, however, is a different beast altogether. Briefs are usually snug, hence the nickname "tighty whiteys." Even when the dick inside of them is limp, briefs can sometimes betray the precise shape and size of everything. You can see the shaft and mushroom head in fairly graphic detail. When hard, the cock can't stick out straight, so there really isn't tenting, just bulging. For me, it goes up and to the left towards the waistband, making a long, cock-shaped bulge, though sometimes the prisoner peeks its big red knob over the top. That's how I was when the lights came on.
"Dad, what the hell...?"
Simone was up, and she had caught me. Her mouth hung open and she stared at my bulge, with the tip of my cock nearly sticking out of my waistband. "What are you doing? Why are you hard?" I covered my crotch with my hands, and she tossed a dish towel at me. "My god, Dad. Here, cover yourself!"
I was blushing furiously. "Sorry, Simone, I thought you were sleeping. I didn't mean to flash you."
"Iwassleeping, but I came out to get a snack. I didn't expect to see you here likethat.Were you in the backyard in your underwear?"
Several semi-plausible lies crossed my mind in just a split second. Then I decided that lying would only make the situation worse, and I knew I needed to confess the whole thing to my daughter. "Truth is, Iwasin the backyard naked. But more than just the yard. I've been walking down the street naked in the middle of the night. It's become a thing -- a hobby." I paused, having basically finished explaining myself. Then I decided to put the cherry on top. "I love exposing myself, even if no one else sees me."
"Christ, Dad, that's perverted."
I was embarrassed beyond belief, but I wanted to make my hobby seem somewhat normal. "Oh, come on now. I mean, it's not as messed up as you make it sound. What bothers you more: the idea of me outside naked, or seeing me hard in my underwear?"
"Dad, really. I could have done without the near cock flash, for sure, but it's no surprise that you actually have a dick. I just don't get the being outside part, or why it... excites you."
I was at a loss for words. I didn't know how to explain the appeal, and I said as much. "You probably won't get it until you try it. It's a beautiful night. Why don't you take off your pajamas and we'll go back out?"
"No. Just, no, Dad. I'm not getting naked with you. God! I'm going back to bed."
The next morning I woke up early, thinking about the night before. My daughter knew about my naked hobby. It was embarrassing to say the least, but very arousing as well. I had morning wood, and I decided to make good use of it. I grasped my shaft and started sliding my fist up and down. I closed my eyes and recalled my daughter standing in the kitchen while I was hard, her gaze locked on my crotch. I remembered how embarrassed I'd been, and how shocked she'd looked. I was approaching orgasm, and when I imagined her naked, walking outside with me, I started cumming. I shot a huge load out onto my chest and stomach, all while pumping my penis.
It's true what they say: the mind is the biggest sex organ. Thoughts of my daughter brought me intense sexual pleasure. It was the first time I'd ever masturbated to thoughts of Simone, and I immediately knew it wouldn't be the last.
Later, I was sitting down to breakfast when Simone walked into the kitchen, grinning. Earlier that very morning, she had been wearing simple cotton pajamas, but she apparently had other sleepwear I didn't know about. Inexplicably, she had changed into a red satin babydoll nightie, and it was short enough to show off her matching panties. When she had her back to me, pouring a cup of coffee, I took in the sight of her tight little ass, staring until she turned around. "Morning, Dad. Sleep well?"
"As a matter of fact, I did." I hoped my gaze shifted quickly enough so she didn't know where my eyes had been.
She smirked and said, "I guess your little late night stroll helped. Does that help relieve stress? Does it scratch an itch?"
She was poking fun at me, but I didn't react. Instead, I pushed. "I told you last night: you should join me and learn for yourself. We can go as far as you're comfortable. We don't have to walk around the entire loop. We can work up to it."
"'Work up to it?' Do you walk around the entire neighborhood naked? Wow! That's brave -- a bit crazy, but brave."
"Crazy is relative," I rationalized, "but crazy or not, I wish you'd give it a try. Meet me here in the kitchen tonight at 2:00 AM. We'll do your initiation nude walk -- just to the end of the driveway and back. You'll get a taste of just how exciting it is."
"Don't hold your breath." After a pause, she smirked."Don't hold anything else, either."
"Ah, a comedian. Very good." I changed the subject, and we finished our breakfast without any further discussion of naked midnight strolls. We talked about her classes, but my eyes couldn't stay off her boobs in her satin babydoll, or her long legs, or her beautiful shoulders. I was glad we were seated at the table; I had a good erection going, courtesy of my own daughter.
I hoped that at the very least I had planted a seed of interest. I really didn't expect her to show up at 2:00, though, so you can imagine my surprise when I entered the kitchen in the wee hours of the following morning and found her sitting at the table.
Her presence there was a surprise, but an even bigger one was what she had on. She was wearing another sexy nightie I'd never seen before. It was a translucent white fabric with pink lace cups. She was wearing a bra; otherwise I'd have been looking at her nipples through the lace. It took a bit of concentration, but I managed to say something.
"Umm, hi! Are you going with me?"
"No way," she replied. "I mainly wanted to see if you were actually going to do this again. But you're not naked."
Indeed, I was still wearing my briefs. I heard something in her voice that made me pause, however -- something that almost sounded like disappointment. I dismissed the thought; it didn't make sense. "I'll take my underwear off outside. That's how I've been doing it." I opened the door to step outside, and Simone followed me out onto the porch. "So youaregoing with me."
"No, I'm just watching." She stood on the porch in the dark while I took off my underwear and stood there naked. It may have been too dark to see my cock, but my daughter was nevertheless looking in that direction. Then I realized something: ithadbeen disappointment I had heard. In spite of her reaction twenty-four hours ago, shewantedto see me nude. It was becoming obvious. I think she wanted to see me nude and hard, which is why she was wearing her sexiest sleepwear. She still hadn't gotten a good look, but it seemed to me that she had seen enough to know she wanted to see more.
"I'll be back in a little while," I said confidently. I strode off the porch and around the corner of the house, my cock swaying back and forth in the night air.
When I got back to the house, Simone was in the backyard waiting for me. "Have fun, Dad?"
"Oh yeah! But if you'll excuse me, I have some business to take care of before I go inside." I was hard and badly needed to masturbate. It was all I could think of -- that, and Mrs. Miller. My cock ached for my fist, but I wanted Simone to go inside first.
"'Business?'" she asked. "What 'business' do you have in the backyard in the middle of the night?"
I stammered, but finally got the words out. "I need to... umm... take care of my self. My erection. I need release. And privacy."
My daughter just stood there for a few moments. Even in the darkness, I knew she could make out the shape of my hard cock, sticking up, waiting for me to stroke it. She finally turned, walked to the door, and went inside. As soon as the door closed, I grabbed my dick and got busy. I was having my own little threesome in the back yard: my cock and my two hands. My feet were spread apart and my knees were bent. I moaned quietly as I masturbated.
I pictured Simone and imagined her watching me. She was inside the house, but she knew exactly what I was doing, and I was hoping it excited her. I was fucking myself, and the thought of my daughter being aroused by my self-abuse pushed me over the edge. I pulled my penis faster and faster, until I ejaculated into the darkness of the backyard. My knees buckled as I came.
My orgasm lasted long enough for six or eight strong spurts of semen. I didn't actually count them, but there were more than usual. I went to the door, picked up my underwear from the porch swing, put it on, and opened the door. I stepped inside and found Simone standing next to the window.
"Were you watching me?" I asked.
"Dad, it's too dark to see anything. Don't worry." I noticed she kept looking at the slowly shrinking bulge in my briefs. "You're so weird."
"Is that good or bad?"
She didn't reply right away. Finally, she said, "I don't know. All I can say is, you're certainly not boring."
The next night was a repeat performance -- just a bit later to account for the changing time of moonset. Once again, Simone was in the kitchen waiting for me when I walked in, and she was looking super sexy. Her outfit was a silk camisole set, and she wasn't wearing a bra under it. My cock started responding almost immediately. "And you're back," she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
"Indeed I am, and I'm wondering if I'll have company on my walk tonight."
"No chance. I'm just here to see how long you'll keep this up."
"It's been three months, Simone. Not likely to stop now." I stepped outside, just like the previous night, and she followed me, just like the previous night. Again I stripped off my briefs and walked nude around the block, and again my daughter met me in the darkness of the backyard after I returned home.
"Are you going to 'take care of business', Dad?" I think she was trying to tease me, but I heard some excitement in her voice.
I figured I'd tease her right back. "I don't know what you mean."
If it hadn't been so dark, I'm sure I would have seen her roll her eyes. "You know what I mean! 'Take care of business,' like last time. You know. Release? Privacy?"
"Oh! You mean masturbation!"
"God, Dad! Yes, that!"
I chuckled and said, "Yes, I need to dothat.You go inside; I'll just be a few minutes." I turned around and listened for the back door to open and close, then started in on my cock. I'd always desperately needed to masturbate after my walks, and that night was no exception. I was already leaking precum, which I used as lube. As my hand slid up and down my shaft, my mind was occupied by thoughts Simone. Previously, I had only pictured her watching me, but that time I imagined it was her hand on my penis. It was my daughter stroking my shaft -- my offspring coaxing me to cum.
I felt an orgasm starting deep inside me, and just as I started to cum, I said, "Simone!" I didn't say it loudly; I didn't want the sound to travel inside the house. I then ejaculated, shooting ropes of semen into the darkness. I groaned as I came, never slowing my stroking. My mind was fixated on my daughter, my sexual gratification centered on Simone.
Then I heard the door close again.
After I'd finished cumming and had put my underwear back on, I went inside the house to find her seated at the kitchen table. "All better, Daddy?" I couldn't help but notice her nipples had gotten hard. She had a big set of pokeys on display.
"Yeah, all better. Were you on the porch just now?"
She started blushing and squirming in her chair. "Yeah, I guess I was. I... I wanted to be there while you... did it."
I was really embarrassed. "What did you hear, Simone?"
She looked down at the floor and said quietly, "I heard you say my name."
I didn't know how to respond. What is a father supposed to say when his daughter finds out Daddy jerks off thinking about her? Is that covered in parenting books?
Simone looked up at me. "It's okay, Dad. Don't worry about it. I'm flattered, actually."
As she stood up and left the kitchen, she gave me a pat on my ass. It was inappropriate to be sure, but I loved it.
It rained the following nights, and Simone and I found ourselves in the kitchen in the middle of the night sharing decaf coffee and cookies. It seemed like the perfect time to talk about my hobby. I also took a running inventory of my daughter's sleepwear. Everything she was sleeping in was arousing, but there were a few nightgowns that were just translucent enough for me to see her areolae and nipples. Those were my favorites. She had awesome tits.
"I really like your change in nighttime apparel," I dared to say. "Any particular reason?"
"Any particular reason you start walking around our neighborhood naked?" The fact that she had changed the subject did not go unnoticed. "Do you realize how dangerous it is? You could be arrested."
"I realize that there is a small chance of that. The danger is part of the thrill, but no one is out at that hour, and I've been very careful. I'm not going to get caught. Each step of the way, I know where to hide if I see a car."
Simone went silent for a minute. "I've been thinking: maybe I could go with you -- just down our driveway and back. If it's as exciting as you make it seem, maybe I should give it a try?"
She said it like a question, so I gave her an answer. "Sure. Tomorrow, same time, same place. If you don't feel like being naked, just wear one of your nighties." I pointedly gazed at the one she was wearing. "Basically the same thing anyway." That time I did see her roll her eyes.
The next night, at 2:45 in the morning, my daughter and I rendezvoused in the kitchen. "Are you ready, Simone? This is going to be great!"
She laughed nervously. "I don't know, Dad. Should we really do this? I know you won't see much in the dark, but the fact is that I'll be naked with my father. Is this okay?"
"Don't forget that you saw me hard in my underwear, so it's only fair that I get to see you."
"You sound like a horny teenager!"
I smiled at her and winked. Ifeltlike a horny teenager.
We left the kitchen for the back porch. I pulled my briefs down to my ankles and stepped out of them. Simone pulled her panties down and her nightie over her head. We both stood in the dark, naked. There was enough ambient light that I could see her breasts. They were a C cup, and I thought I could see her nipples stiffening in the cool night air. Her hips curved beautifully, her legs were long and slender, and I could see a dark patch where her legs joined at the top. The fact that I couldn't see her very well was tantalizing. I wanted to take her back in the house just so I could enjoy the visual treat that was my daughter.
I shook off my reverie and said, "Come on, sweetheart. Let's go for a walk." Simone took my hand in both of hers as we went through the gate and onto the driveway. I felt her trembling as we left the security of the house behind.
"Dad!" she whispered. "Dad! What the hell are we doing? This is crazy!"
"Shhh!" I whispered back. "It's crazy good, and keep your voice down. We'll only go a few houses down, then we'll go back." We went as far as the brick house, two houses down. "Is this good enough, sweetie?"
"Yeah, let's go home before someone sees us!"
We walked briskly back the way we had come, returning to our backyard. "You can go inside, Simone. I have something to take care of."
"Are you going to masturbate?" Simone had always had a gift for getting right to the heart of an issue.
I sheepishly answered, "Yeah. I'll be right in. You go to bed."
"Dad, it's very dark, and besides, I know you think about me when you do it. I think you can jerk off in front of me, don't you? You can go ahead; I don't mind."
If you'll forgive the avalanche of puns, she and I had come way too far for me to be fooled by her"I don't mind"line. Sheenjoyedwatching her dad get himself off, even if she could only see dim shapes in the dark. That was fine with me. I had admitted to myself that I liked having an audience, so I reached down, grabbed my hard cock, and started stroking. As I yanked on it, I looked towards my daughter. It was too dark to see her expression, but she was definitely watching me - or at least watching my shadowy movements -- as I pleasured myself.
That's not all she was doing, though. Her stance and movements suggested that she, too, was masturbating. I heard her breathing get faster, then a slight squishing sound -- probably from her fingers in her wet cunt. I heard my own fist sliding on my shaft, the skin-to-skin contact making a papery brushing sound. I watched her shoulders heaving as she brought herself closer and closer to orgasm. I wasn't just the exhibitionist that night; I was also the voyeur.
We may have been unable to see each other clearly, but that didn't prevent me from realizing that I was masturbating with my daughter. What I couldn't actually see, I imagined. As I stood naked in front of Simone, my cock hard in her presence, I imagined her rubbing her clit. In my mind's eye I saw her stroking her inner labia and her fingers entering her vagina. I imagined what her pussy looked like, and it was almost as vivid as if she were nude in a spotlight. I could imagine her puffy outer lips making a slit for her fingers to explore.
I spit into my hand, and in my head the wetness of my fist felt like my daughter's wet, tight cunt. In my fantasy, I was fucking her. Each thrust into my hand felt like I was impaling Simone on my cock. My eyes couldn't see her, but my mind was filled with images of her beautiful body with my manhood buried deep inside her snatch.
I had discovered that I loved beating off while standing up. My knees would buckle every time, and I would nearly collapse from my orgasm. On that particular occasion, it didn't take long for me to cum. When I did, I groaned loudly, standing half-crumpled in orgasmic pleasure, my cock spurting jizz onto the lawn.
At the same time, I heard Simone cum. She moaned and gasped, and for just a moment we were singing an orgasmic duet, both of us expressing our intense pleasure at our own hands. I kept fucking myself; I didn't want it to end.
Alas, eventually it did. We stood facing each other, neither of us able to see much beyond vague shapes in the darkness. We got dressed before we went inside - or at least as dressed as we had been before our walk. Although we had engaged in mutual masturbation, we hadn't seen each other naked— not really. I'd seen her shape, and she, mine, but I hadn't truly seen her nakedness.
We went to our respective bedrooms, but not before she gave me a goodnight kiss, on the lips, that lingered far too long to be called innocent.
As was typical after one of my nude outings, I slept like a baby. Simone had guessed it: they scratched an itch I hadn't realized was there. When I awoke, I went downstairs for breakfast. She was already at the table, with a hot cup of coffee for me.
"Morning, Daddy. Did you sleep better than I did? I was up half the night thinking about our late-night activities. You said I wouldn't get it until in tried it, and you were so right. I want to do it again -- tonight, if it's okay with you... if you want some company."
"Honey, it's fine, and I'd love to have you along with me. The moon is going to be getting brighter soon, so this might be the last walk for a week or so. We'll see how it goes tonight."
That night, it rained again. Simone and I sat in the kitchen at three in the morning, watching the downpour. "Looks like we got washed out," I said, stating the obvious. "We'll wait until the moon isn't putting us under a spotlight, and we'll try again. It'll be about ten days until we get favorable conditions, but even then, it's getting late in the year. It'll be too cold for this fairly soon. If we have to stop for a few months, you'll just have to enjoy the memories."
Simone was giving me some additional good memories regardless. She had on one of her sexiest teddies, and oh my god, did she look good. It was hot pink lace, hugged her form beautifully, and put her cleavage on full display. I know she caught me starting. I'm surprised I wasn't drooling.
The next couple of days went by normally, although I noticed my daughter a lot more than I used to. I noticed her hair, her face, and how her breasts jiggled when she laughed. I noticed her figure, her hips, and the way her jeans fit her ass so nicely. As I noticed her, I also noticed my cock had a tendency to respond.
I was going through "exhibitionism withdrawal." I missed being outside naked, but the rules I had written for myself said I had to wait. However, I had an idea that could satisfy the "itch" Simone had mentioned: we could be naked in the house.
I had a feeling my daughter would actually welcome my nudity, but for those pesky social norms she might have still been clinging to. It would all hinge, I thought, on how I presented the idea. I would have to ease her into it.
That night at supper, we discussed our shared hobby. It was interesting to me that my daughter was the one that wanted to talk about it. She had a thousand questions, and she hung on my every word.
"I didn't expect it to be so stimulating," she said. "I've never done anything like that before -- never even thought about it -- but wow, it was exciting!"
"I really enjoy it, too, but I don't understand it any better than you do. I miss it during these ten-day breaks I have to take."
"How did you come up with the idea? Is this what it's like to be a nudist? Has anyone ever seen you?" Like I said, she had a lot of questions.
I smiled at her. She was so cute with her inquisitive attitude. "I don't know where the idea came from. I've never been a nudist, so I don't know. And... I've never actually been caught — not as far as I know."
"Wow, that sounds noncommittal as hell," she replied. "What aren't you telling me? Did youalmostget caught? Did someone see you, but they don't know who it was?"
I had no choice but to tell her about the night at Mrs. Miller's house when the porch light had come on. Once I got going, I got carried away and told her more than "just the facts." Simone got to hear her single dad wax pornographic about how he'd have loved to have shown the neighborhood divorcee his naked cock, and how he'd felt he might have spontaneously ejaculated if she'd actually caught him. As if context would have made anything better instead of worse, I also blurted out that I frequently fantasized about Mrs. Miller in those bikinis she wore to sunbathe by her pool.
I'm not sure what kind of reaction I'd been expecting - if I'd been expecting anything at all, and not just running my mouth -- but all I got from Simone was another eye-roll.
"The point is that I didn't actually get caught," I said, "because I knew my exits and my hiding places -- but you know, we're going to have to stop soon for the winter -- unless, of course, you want to experience the proverbial 'freezing my tits off.'"
She chuckled and said, "I like my tits. I have no plans to freeze them off. We'll stop if it gets cold, but won't you miss it?"
"I'm sure I will. But I don't know what choice I have." I was fishing for the most subtle way to present the idea of the two of us being naked in the house. I looked at Simone and, after a pause, I added, "Do you have any ideas?"
"No, Daddy, I really don't -- but I'll be itching to try it again, too."
I didn't want to rush it, so I waited for a full minute or more. Then I said, "We just need to find somewhere else to be naked. Right?"
"I guess," Simone answered, "but I have no idea where that could possibly be."
I took a deep breath and dove in. "Honey, how about right here in the house?"
"In the house? What, with the lights off? We just wander around the house in the dark, naked?"
"Well, that's almost what I had in mind, but not quite." I was nervous about the next part, and had to summon some courage before going on. "We leave the lights on. We just start being naked in the house. They call them 'at-home nudists.'"
My daughter just looked at me. "Daddy, are you serious? I'm not sure I want to be naked with all the lights on."
"I understand," I said. "And you don't have to be. Let's start out with just me being nude. You can join in when you feel ready."
"So you're just going to come home from work, take off your clothes, and let your... your thing hang out?"
I chuckled. "That's about the size of it, yeah,"
"I didn't say anything about your size, Dad," she said with a smirk. "But from what I could tell in the shadows of the back yard, the size is 'extra large.'"
I blushed a little, but accepted the compliment. "Thanks, baby girl. Would you be okay with me being naked in front of you?"
"We won't really know until we try, but I think it'll be fine. I won't lie, though: it sounds weird. I just hope no one comes to the door while you're lounging around with your big dad-cock out."
"My what? My 'dad-cock?' Good one Simone!" I laughed, but it seemed like the opportunity was there, so I took the plunge. "What about right now? How would you feel if I took off all my clothes right here, right now?"
Simone shrugged. "As good a time as any, I guess. Go for it, Dad. But you can't tell anyone about this. I mean it. This has to be our father-daughter secret."
"Agreed. Our secret." My heart was pounding again, almost as hard as it had been on the night of my first walk. My daughter was looking at me expectantly, waiting for me to strip. I could tell by the look in her eyes that I had been right all along— she wanted to see me naked.
I started by kicking off my shoes. Then off came my shirt, followed by my jeans. At that point I was just wearing briefs, and I could feel my penis starting to enlarge. Simone was staring at it, watching it morph from a bump to a bulge. As it got bigger, so did her eyes. It quickly got big enough that it was trying to make its escape through the top. "Simone," I asked, "are you ready for this? Are you sure it's okay?"
She nodded slowly, her gaze shifting between my crotch and my eyes. I hooked my thumbs in my waistband and pulled my underwear off. My hard cock sprang up, pointing right at my daughter. She gasped quietly.
"It's bigger than it looked in the dark," she said. "You've got a big one. I like it."
"Thanks, sweetheart. I'm happy you like it."
"I can see that, Dad. I can tell you're happy. It looks like you'reveryhappy,"
She wasn't the only one who knew how to roll her eyes.
I spent the rest of the evening naked. My cock went down most of the way, but it stayed mildly firm until bedtime. I loved displaying myself to my daughter, and she seemed to enjoy looking at my equipment.
When I went to bed, I masturbated, and then I slept like a baby. My itch had been scratched.
The following morning, I woke up earlier than usual. I was naked, having slept in the nude the night before. I wanted to stop into Simone's room to see how she was doing after the previous night's "Introduction to Nudism" class. I didn't want to risk waking her if she was asleep, and her door wasn't latched. It was open just a crack -- just enough so I could see inside.
My little girl was laying naked on top of her blankets, her legs spread wide, both hands busy with her cunt. Two fingers of her left hand had disappeared inside her vaginal canal while the first finger of her right was furiously making circles around her clit. The fingers in her cunt were sliding in and out, and I could see they were shiny and wet with her pussy secretions.
Her arms were squeezing her breasts together, and they created a valley that my cock wanted to fuck. Her nipples were standing up -- hard pink pebbles perched atop the hillocks of her bosoms.
Her eyes were closed, her breasts were heaving as she panted, and her fingers were flying in and out of her pussy. She whimpered, her soft voice pleading with her hands to make her cum.
I noticed she had added a third finger. Together, all three were doing their best impression of an erect dick. She slid her feet up to her ass, her knees pointed at the ceiling. Then she dropped them down to the bed on either side, forcing her cunt open even wider. She fucked herself hard and fast, finally reaching orgasm. As she arched her back in orgasmic bliss, I heard what she whispered: "Daddy!" Then her mouth hung open and she gasped while her pussy squirted on the bed.
I had watched my daughter masturbate while thinking of me. The act itself was off-the-charts exciting, but the context - that dirty, nasty, incestuous context - was almost enough to trigger her peeping-Tom daddy's orgasm. I was gripping my cock, squeezing the base, trying to forestall the impending ejaculation, but it didn't work. I shot a load of semen against Simone's door. I staggered backwards, leaning against the wall. I know she heard me; I heard her bed squeak as she jumped up and quietly closed the door.
I didn't think she knew I'd been watching. I'd been leaning on the wall, cumming, when she'd shut the door. As soon as my legs would support me, I quietly retreated to the master bathroom, got a damp cloth, and returned to the scene of the crime to destroy the evidence.
Shortly thereafter, I went to the kitchen to make my breakfast. Moments after I'd walked in, Simone followed, wearing another of her alluring nighties. I, of course, was naked, as I intended to be at every opportunity.
My voyeuristic adventures from earlier were still fresh in my mind, but I tried to push those thoughts down. I tried to think about other things to distract my libido. I thought about sports, but that made me think of the games Simone had been playing with her snatch. I thought about food, but only ended up wondering how my daughter's pussy would taste. I thought about cars, which made me want to have Simone ride my cock in the back seat, bouncing up and down on me, her tits right in my face. Nothing I did could keep me from lusting for Simone, and it showed. My dick was sticking straight up.
Simone looked at my erection when she came into the kitchen. "Good morning, Dad. You look alert this morning!"
"Morning, baby," I replied. "I'm just in a good mood, enjoying life. Did you sleep well?"
"Yeah, I guess." After a brief pause, she added, "Were you up early this morning? I thought I heard something."
I couldn't hide the twinkle in my eyes. "Yeah, I thought I heard something, too."
"What, umm... what did you hear? What do youthinkyou heard?"
I started grinning. "Oh, I don't know. Whatever it was, it sounded pretty good."
Simone turned a deep shade of red. "Daddy, were you listening?"
"What do you think has me in such a good mood this morning?" I asked, nodding toward my crotch.
"What exactly did you hear?" Simone couldn't have been blushing any harder. "Specifically, what?"
"I may have heard you call out to me."
"Fuck."
"I'm game if you are!"
"Dad! Look, you're naked with that big ,juicy cock hanging out -- or sticking up. I like dicks, and so what if I was thinking about yours? As I recall, you said my name once."
"Yeah, I did," I agreed. "... but notjustonce."
"Dad, you are such a pervert!" she teased.
"Are you familiar with the saying 'Perception is reality?' If you want me to be less perverted, all you have to do is shift your perception, and the best way to do that is to join me in being naked."
There was no eye-roll that time - just a moment of genuine contemplation. "That's some interesting logic," she said. "I'm not sure it works that way, but it's interesting."
"Whenever you're ready, just go for it. You could even do it now."
Simone gulped. "You want me to be naked now? Like, right now?"
"Seems like a good idea to me. It's your turn, baby."
She said nothing for a few moments. She just stared at my cock. Finally, she cleared her throat and said, "Okay, but I'm going to undress in my room. I'll come out afterward."
When Simone came out of her room naked, I was enthralled. She was amazing. In the darkness of the backyard I'd only been able to see a shadow where her pussy would have been. There in the kitchen, I could see her slit, her inner labia protruding very slightly. Her bald vulva was so enticing that I couldn't tear my eyes away. "Daddy, I shaved for you this morning."
My voice cracked as I said to her, "I see that baby. You are so pretty. My beautiful girl."
Her tits were perfect as well. I'd seen them as she'd laid in bed, but seeing her bare breasts as she stood before me was even better, if that's possible. It was all I could do to keep from grabbing my dick and jerking off.
We stood looking at each other. Simone had a look on her face that I couldn't quite figure out. It was a combination of embarrassment and excitement, and I'm sure I saw lust in her eyes. That last bit might have been just wishful thinking, since I was feeling full of lust myself. It was hard to believe that my own daughter was a sex goddess.
"You are the most beautiful girl in the entire world," I said reverently.
"Am I as beautiful as Mrs. Miller?" she asked.
I gave her a reverent smile and a sigh to match. "Baby, it's not even close."
"Thank you, Daddy."
"How do you feel?" I asked. "Do you like being nude?"
"Right now I'm just trying to figure it out. It does feel good -- especially to be free from that goddamn bra." She blushed as she added, "But I like letting you see me nude."
"Simone, you are so sexy. Do you have any idea what you're doing to me?"
My daughter looked at my throbbing cock. She spoke in a voice barely above a whisper. "I have a general idea, yes."
"I want you, Simone. I want to make love to you."
She walked up to me to give me a kiss, and I wrapped my arms around her. I didn't grab her; I only took her in my arms. She didn't resist; she yielded to her father's gentle embrace. A kiss that started as not much more than a peck on lips quickly turned into a full on lip-lock. Our genitals were rubbing together, my erect penis poking her freshly shaved cunt.
Just as our kiss was growing in intensity -- our mouths open, our tongues exploring each other -- our bodies' movements were, too. Simone ground her pelvis into mine, trapping my hard cock between her legs. I thrust myself into her, my dick sliding between her two legs and her bald pussy slit.
Simone broke our kiss. "When I said I wouldn't get naked with you, it took all my energy to walk away. I've never wanted anything more. I was afraid I'd made the biggest mistake of my life. I'm so glad we've ended up here."
I took my daughter's hand and led her to my bedroom, where I laid her down on my bed. For the third time, my heart was beating out of my chest. Once again, every pore of my body was tingling at the thought of what I was about to do. I was about to have sexual intercourse with the young woman I'd had a hand in creating. I was going to fuck my own daughter.
I caressed her body, lingering on her breasts. My fingers pinched one nipple while I sucked on the other. I nursed hungrily while my tongue flicked her tit from side to side. Simone closed her eyes and moaned, her hand slowly fingering her cunt.
I moved down so I could lick her there, but first I took her fingers in my mouth to taste her like that. Her other hand stroked my cheek. I set her fingers free and started licking her pussy. Her juices tasted like heaven, and I lapped up every bit I could get. She was already very wet, and I easily found her firm clit. I licked and nibbled it while inserting my fingers into her tunnel. I finger-fucked her, curling my fingers to stroke her g-spot. She grabbed my head and pushed her twat into my face. I kept sucking her clitoris until she arched her back and came, her pussy juices flowing over my fingers and into my mouth.
I climbed back on top and slid my penis inside my daughter. I tried to be gentle, but in my enthusiasm I may have been a bit rough. She cried out as I pushed into her, but then she smiled at me. "Fuck me, Daddy. Fuck your little girl."
Our eyes locked as I worked to fulfill her request. We gazed into each other's eyes as I pounded her pussy with my cock. I slid out, then plunged in, over and over, until Simone wrapped her arms around my neck, held on tightly, and shuddered with another orgasm. Her breathing was fast and ragged, and I couldn't make our coupling last a second longer. With one final thrust I ejaculated a load of semen into her. I pushed in as deep as I could as my cock throbbed and pulsed. I felt her vaginal walls gripping my shaft, milking my cum from my penis. She held me tightly, and I couldn't have pulled out even if I had wanted to.
I finally deflated and slid out of her vagina. We lay in bed looking at each other. After several minutes, Simone spoke up. "Did I scratch your itch?"
I chuckled. "You sure did -- better than Mrs. Miller ever could - but you know, it seems like I scratched one of yours, too."
She rolled over and hugged me; I felt her firm, young breasts pressed against my chest. Her voice was not much above a whisper when she said, "Daddy, I've had this itch for a long time."
We both let that confession sit for a few quiet moments as we held each other, but it turned out she needed to say one more thing. "Thank you for making me yours." My heart melted; my body didn't know whether to follow suit or harden into steel.
Thus began our secret, forbidden love affair. What had started as a random thought to walk down my driveway naked had led me to an intense and exhilarating relationship with my daughter. Every time we make love, it feels like the first time.
The following spring, we made plans to take a trip to Spain - and wouldn't you know it, the hotel we picked out was very close to a nude beach. Even more exciting than the thought of being naked in front of people -- and out in the light of day -- was the knowledge that we could do so openly, as lovers.
Just as we'd fallen in love with each other, we fell in love with Spain. After our first trip, we knew what we needed to do. We learned to speak Spanish, and I was able to locate a good job there in my field of expertise. Simone transferred to a university in Barcelona to finish her studies.
Within a year, we'd emigrated. Our new friends only know us as "the American couple" — the guy with the amazing young wife who loves him deeply. Simone still calls me "Daddy," but only in our home. She's slipped a few times with friends, but they just chuckle and pass it off as a pet name. Lots of women call their husbands "Daddy," don't they?
Our love began as a nude walk, and we're still taking them on a regular basis. Our apartment overlooks the city of Barcelona, and Simone and I spend our weekends naked at the beach, strolling across the sand, letting the tide tickle our toes, and watching faces both new and familiar watch us. I take a lot of vicarious pleasure in the lustful and appreciative looks that Simone gets - and let me tell you, she gets a lot of them - but every once in a while, she gleefully points out a set of eyes that seems more interested in my 'extra large dad-cock.' I have to tell you, that feels pretty great. I've never been happier.
It's the strangest thing, though: even though our daytime excursions definitely lack the thrill of the taboo - the fear of getting caught, and even the perverse excitement of shocking someone who'd never expected to see a naked body at two o'clock in the morning - neither of us has gone slinking around in the dark for quite some time. If someone were to ask me if I miss it, I'm not even sure what I'd say. I'm not sure what Simone's answer would be, either.
Maybe we never had the fetishes we thought we did. Then again, maybe we're just too busy, too exhausted, or too satisfied to indulge; after all, both of us still get plenty of exercise every single night. We both have a delightfully persistent itch that always seems to need more scratching - and we are, of course, both very naked as we scratch them and get them scratched in turn.