Ravi was still controlling his breath when his mobile rang, it was his wife. He felt his heartbeat increased and he feared for worse, nervously he took the call.
"Hello... Hello..." Malti's anxious voice filled his ears, "come immediately... someone has hit Langa and he has to be taken to hospital immediately." She spoke in one breath.
"What... Who has beaten Langa," Ravi was dreading that someone might have seen him hitting him.
"No one knows.... Don't waste your time come immediately," she shouted.
Ravi felt a bit relaxed knowing that no one knows about him. He then quickly informed other staff in the office that his peon Hemal Rai's son, has been beaten by someone and has to be rushed to hospital. Many of the office staff accompanied him. When they reached the spot, he saw a small crowd has gathered and someone has already tied a large cloth on the wound to stop the bleeding but Langa was still unconscious.
They put him in his car and two of the staff accompanied him to nearby hospital. Malti also insisted on accompanying and he could not persuade her otherwise. Someone from the office also informed the police.
In the hospital, the doctors took him into a room while they waited outside. Ravi now relaxed a bit and looked at his worried wife.
"How can someone do this," she spoke with a pain in his voice, "he is such a nice and obedient boy."
Ravi just nodded his head, he was no longer angry but was feeling remorse. His felt even more guilty when Langa's mother and sister reached hospital and were crying unconsolably. Malti talked to them and assured them, although doctors told them he was serious. Ravi while waiting with his other colleagues, just prayed that nothing should happen to him.
After sometime the doctors came out and everybody rushed to him for update, he informed that wound is deep but he has stitched it, the skull has a hairline fracture and could cause any damage which he cannot foresee now and have to pray that he regains consciousness as soon as possible. Mother and daughter again started to cry and Malti consoled them.
----------------------------------
It was five in the evening when Langa opened his eyes and everyone was relaxed. Ravi's other colleagues already left in the evening but Malti insisted on staying with his mother and sister as his father Hemal was still out of town and could come tomorrow only. Ravi has to stay back because of her and of course all the expenses of the treatment was paid by him, but he felt easy now after Langa was awake and told that he could not see his attacker.
Around eight in the night he could convince his wife to leave hospital, but only after doctors assured that he is out of danger and will be fine in a weak. He saw her talking to Langa and the scenes of the afternoon flashed before his eyes. He felt no anger, but his heart ached at how she cared him.
They picked up their daughter from neighbor's and went home. After Rini went to sleep, both of them lay awake in bed thinking about the day's events. Ravi was lost in thoughts about what he saw in the afternoon, it was not a bad dream it really happened. His innocent wife was actually enjoying another cock. Since when they have been fucking? Does he have a big cock or is he a better lover than him? Several questions clouded his mind.
Langa was sucking the very lips he uses to kiss so lovingly, Langa was pinching and biting the very boobs he so carefully loved and not only Malti allowed all this but she was actually encouraging it. Every cell in his body was charged and he was shaking with agony.
He didn't know what to do, he cannot talk to her about it, as she will immediately know that he was the one who attacked Langa. He actually felt sorry for that, instead he should have confronted Malti, but whatever is done cannot be undone.
'She is again going to fuck Langa once he is back from hospital,' he felt as if his heart was gripped by someone.
Malti was also thinking about how she committed adultery, the way she was going on with Langa this was bound to happen. She glanced at Ravi feeling guilty, 'poor Ravi, he has no idea that he has been helping the man who has fucked his wife,' she thought. She turned towards Ravi and started to caress his hairy chest and kissed on the nipples.
Malti's hairs brushed against his face and in order to brush them away, Ravi inadvertently started to stroke them. 'Has she also kissed Langa, the same way?' the question flashed in his mind and immediately blood surged in his groins and his cock was hard in record speed.
"You are mine," he grabbed her hairs harder and guided her head lower.
"Ahhh..." she groaned in pain.
"Tell me you are mine," he spoke loudly.
"Yes... yes... I am all yours."
He pulled his underwear down and pushed her head onto his hard cock.
"Open your mouth," he instructed.
"What's gotten into you," she giggled.
"Open it," he barked.
Malti felt strange at his rough behavior and then she saw the rock-hard cock staring at her face, 'Must be very horny,' she thought and quickly opened her mouth. Ravi positioned himself in front of her and pulled her mouth over his cock by grabbing her by hairs.
More than half the cock slipped in and Malti felt it filling her mouth completely, she tried to suck it by pulling in her cheeks and moving her tongue around its head.
"Amm... Ahh...," Ravi groaned softly as he felt the hot tongue and pulled her face to impale his cock completely in her mouth. The cock hit the back of her throat and she trashed her head and pinched his buttocks, trying to escape the onslaught but he held her tightly. Malti felt gagged and in order to control her reflexes she opened her mouth wide.
Ravi held her like that for a moment and then started to face fuck her by pulling half of his cock back and then ramming it back in. Malti was scared at the rough treatment and feared that his cock would push into her throat but it was not that big to reach deep and she managed to breath in between his thrusts.
"Gugg...aggg...uggg," Malti gurgled and squeezed his ass every time her noise was buried into his pubic and cock was touching the throat. Ravi was beyond caring, he was in a frenzy as he saw her sweet mouth stretched over his cock. He wondered if she has sucked Langa's dick and this made his cock swell even harder.
"Ahhh... ahhh," he moaned and increased his speed. Malti knew he was about to cum in her mouth. The first jet of cum hit at the back of her throat and she can feel it trickling down inside. The second jet of cum splattered over her spread out tongue and she can feel the salty liquid filled her mouth. She closed her eyes and breathed heavy, waiting for him to finish but he was still fucking her cum filled mouth and added more cum to it.
Malti let the cum dribble out of her mouth as soon as he let her go and gave a dirty stare to Ravi before running towards bathroom.
"You rascal, you almost chocked my throat... what is this?" she shouted as soon as she returned.
"Blowjob," he coolly replied.
"I know that...," she hit on his arm, "but is this the way to do it?"
"It was good."
"Must be for you but what about me," she frowned, "you should have at-least warned me before cumming."
She turned her back towards him.
-------------------------------------------------
In morning things were normal when Ravi took her into his arms and kissed her slowly. After he went to office Malti went to Langa's house to meet his mother and found out that Langa's father had come back from village and was with him at hospital. His mother and sister were very thankful to her for taking so much care. She returned home afterwards but felt lonely.
Four days passed like this and Malti was missing some action, some kinky fun, she was missing Langa. During the period Langa's health improved and she visited him couple of times with Ravi. Fifth day she was alone in the house and it was raining since morning making the weather very pleasant. She relaxed in the verandah enjoying the weather and a hot cup of coffee and contemplated on visiting Langa. Ravi was busy at work so she decided to go alone. She changed into a tight jean and a white t-shirt, her ass filled the jeans nicely.
She picked the keys of the car and drove off. Instead of going directly to the hospital she drives around in the rain, enjoying the weather. Soon she was out of the city into a small road on the hills which head towards villages. The view from the hill was great and she can see the city spread out below. She stopped the car at a bend and walked out in the rain to look at the scene. Within minutes she was drenched as it was raining heavily, she enjoyed getting wet in rain like a kid. The white top was stuck to her body tightly and the bra was clearly visible, but oblivious to all this she enjoyed the rain.
It was hilly road with hill on one side and deep slope on the other. She parked the car towards the slope and watched the valley below. The road was deserted and no sole was visible. She rested her back on the car and slowly pulled her t-shirt up revealing the smooth and toned abdomen. She glanced around and found that she was hidden behind the car on one side and the valley on other, feeling safe she pulled it further up. She wished Langa was around to watch.
She exposed her abdomen for couple of minutes and then pulled down the t-shirt, wondering what she is doing exposing in middle of the road. But the kinky nature of the act aroused her and she unhooked her bra and maneuvered the straps through her arms so that without taking out the t-shirt she took out the bra and threw it inside the car. Now bra less, she pulled the t-shirt upto her neck exposing the perfect globs.
The water drops fall directly on the milky tits and she arched her body against the car. Feeling naughty she pulled down the zipper of her jeans and started to rub her pussy and pinched the tits. She imagined how hard Langa would have been looking at her.
Suddenly she heard the noise of a motorbike approaching. She quickly adjusted her clothes and stood beside the car waiting for the bike to pass. Two young guys were riding the bike and when they saw a sexy girl all wet in the rain standing beside the car, they stopped.
"Car trouble?" the pillion rider spoke.
"Hun... yeah," she cannot come up with anything else.
"Ohh... can I be of any help."
"No... no need really... I will call the garage," she spoke. She found that both looked young around 20 years old and the shirt they wore have an SPMG College embossed.
'College students,' she thought and found that they were checking her out. She realized that her wet top was sticking to her body and without bra her boobs were on display. She felt their gaze on her body, she enjoyed the attention but played ignorant.
"Hi... I am Manoj," the pillion rider introduced himself as he got down from the bike and looked at her expecting her to introduced herself, but Malti just smiled at his attempt to make conversation with her.
He didn't give up even when she didn't reply, "I am from SPMG college and you?"
Malti giggled as she realized that he is thinking her to be a college student, "I am not a student... I am married... a housewife."
"Ooo," he too smiled, "now you would say that you have two children," he did not believe her.
She laughed out loud, "not two but one child."
"No problem... you don't want to tell," he had a sheepish grin on his face as he thought that to avoid them she is making up to be married and all.
"But do you want to be standing here in rain, I can drop you to the nearby repair shop." "I will call the garage, don't worry," she enjoyed the flirtation and also that she is being mistaken for a collage girl.
"This is a secluded place and is not safe for you to be stranded here... you can ride with us."
"Ride with you, on this!!!" She looked at the motorbike, "all three of us?"
"Yes... yes... no problem we can," he looked expectantly.
Malti felt naughty as she saw them drooling over her and thought it would be fun to ride with them and tease them some more.
"Umm... I am not sure," she looked at the bike.
"We can easily ride," the driver spoke for the first time. He was not able to take his eyes away from Malti. Her athletic body was displayed at its best in wet t-shirt and tight jean.
"Humm," she pretended to be thinking while the two expectantly looked at her.
"Ok, drop me to the nearby garage," she spoke as if there is no choice. Their faces lit up as she walked towards the bike with swaying hips.
She climbed on the back seat and as there was no support she grabbed the shoulders of the driver. When Manoj climbed behind her she was cramped between the two as the space was limited.
"Ohh... I don't think we can all fit in," she complained.
"No problem we have been triple riding in the past too," he spoke and pushed his body into her making space. She felt tightly sandwiched between them, her boobs were pressed on the back of the driver and Manoj was holding onto her waist from behind.
Before she could complain again he started to move. Manoj was not able to believe his luck as he held onto the hottest waist. He saw the belt of the low-rise jeans of Malti was now pushed even lower in this position and he could see the white panty and the tip of her ass crack. He felt his cock grew hard.
Pressed between the two Malti started to feel horny, she felt the unmistakable hardness of his cock pressed at her ass. As the bike jumped on the pot holes Manoj took advantage and pressed his groin harder against her. She can feel his hands on her skin as the t-shit rode high.
They continued the ride and she observed that he was driving slowly, she smiled as she knew that the driver was also enjoying her boobs pressed on his back.
"Now at least you can tell me your name," Manoj asked.
"Malti."
"What a beautiful name and your collage."
She giggled, "I told you I am not a student."
"Ok then what do you do."
"I am a housewife."
"Please don't say that... I know you don't want to tell."
She laughed again and felt that his hands were slowly moving on her skin and around her waist. He reached around and caressed her stomach. Malti caught hold of his hands.
"Hey keep your hands in limits, you can hold onto my shoulders," she placed his hands on her shoulders.
"But this is better," he whispered and grabbed her waist. This time he held it hard.
"No," she also whispered and caught his hands but he held onto it. A small scuffle broke out between them where he moved his hands onto her waist and stomach while she tried to stop him. While trying to stop him Malti was not able to take any support as her hands were busy and when the bike jumped again on a bump she has to move her hands away to held onto the driver. Manoj's hands were free and in a flash of a second both his hands reached her bra less boobs and grabbed them.
Malti was stunned, she never expected that little bit of fun will lead to this. He never imagined that in broad daylight and on the middle of a road he could dare to grab her boobs. She glanced around and saw the road was deserted. Her t-shirt was riding high and she pulled it down but was not able to cover herself properly as his hands were inside it.
"Leave them," she whispered and tried to push his hands away but he pumped the globs between his palms. She tried to fight with him but she has to held onto the driver for support again and again so was not able to stop him from doing whatever he wanted. He pumped and squeezed the tits repeatedly.
Then she was alarmed when she felt him taking her nipples between his thumb and fingers.
"Don't.... don't you do that.... I will start shouting," she whimpered unable to stop him, her eyes ran around in her socket, trying to see if anyone is on the road.
"Don't worry I will not be harsh," he whispered into her ears. Her nipples were trapped between his thumb and fingers and he tweaked them hard, she bit her lips to control her groaning. She was unable to stop him and he alternated between squeezing, rubbing and pulling her nipples. She gasped for air every time he squeezed them hard. She felt a burning sensation between her legs and felt her nipple getting erect because of the treatment.
"I knew from the moment I saw you that you were not wearing any bra," he tweaked again, "these are really nice," he whispered. She could feel his hot breath on her neck and he licked her earlobes as he speaks.
"Please stop now," she whispered, "people are there on the road."
They were nearing the city and few vehicles crossed them. Then she saw people around the bend and she withered violently, "leave me."
Manoj gave a final tweak and then brought his hands down on her waist. She quickly adjusted her t-shirt letting out a sigh of relief.
"Shall we take another round upto your car," he enquired.
"No... not at all... drop me now," she quickly replied.
"Dileep turn around we have to go and check if Malti has left her car unlocked," he speaks to the driver.
"No... no... stop the bike now," she shook the driver.
"Stop now or I will start shouting," she spoke in a voice that he understood that he cannot take any more liberties with her. Finally, after she continued to pester them, they stopped at a crossing and she jumped out of the bike.
"Let us drop you to the garage," Manoj spoke.
"I can find my way," she walked away.
"Hey at least tell me your number... we can meet again," he followed her.
"Stop following me or you will regret it forever," she spoke in a mean voice and he understood better not to take any more chances. Malti took an auto and rode back to where her car was. She looked back and was relieved that they did not follow.
While driving back to home she relaxed and felt happy that she was able to stop it from going out of control. She got more than what she bargained for and can still feel his hands on her boobs. She realized that she has taken too much risk in allowing what happened but now she felt wet between her legs.
She headed straight to home as her clothes were still wet and she cannot go like that to hospital. She changed into a comfortable salwar kurta and found that she still has lot of time before her daughter comes back from school, so she decided to visit Langa.
"Hello," she spoke as she enters his room. Langa was alone in the room and was sitting in his bed. Malti kept the fruits she brought, on the side table and sat beside him on the bed.
"Why you taking so much trouble," he spoke in a humble voice, "you are doing so much for me."
"Hush... what am I doing... how are you today."
"Better, doctors are telling that they will relive me tomorrow from hospital but I have to take rest at home."
"You should rest properly."
"But I want to be back to work."
"Why?"
"I am missing you... miss seeing you," he spoke mischievously.
"Very naughty," she giggled, "you are seeing me every day."
"Yeah but not the way I like to."
"Ooo and how would you like to see me," she teased him.
He didn't reply but put one hand on her thighs and stroked it.
"Hey anyone can come."
"No one will come, mother and sister just went home and they will come back in evening and daddy is at office," he spoke and pushed his hand between her legs.
Malti enjoyed his touch after so many days and let him fondle her snatch. He rubbed her pussy over the clothes.
"Take it off," he whispered.
"Shut up... we are in hospital."
He guided her hand over his pajama and placed it over his erect cock.
"Look how hard I am," he spoke and rubbed her pussy hard. She stroked his cock for couple of seconds and when he started to get up she stopped him.
"No... you are in no shape to do anything," she giggled, "you must rest." He made a puppy face.
Then she made up her mind and got up to lock the door from inside. She returned back to the bed and caressed his bulge, "I will take care of this," she spoke with a mischievous smile and pulled his pajama to his ankles. She held the thick rod in her fist and stroked it.
"You relax," she pushed him back on the pillow and started to slowly pump his shaft.
"You have a fat tool," she admired the thickness in her hand, "very difficult to put in my mouth... you want me to suck it," she enquired.
"Yessss... please," he groaned.
She smiled and tucking her hairs behind her ears she bends down on him.
"Ahhh... Oh God... umm," Langa groaned loudly as he felt the hot tongue lick around the head of his cock. She smiled looking at his face and then licked the cock from tip to the base. Langa rested his back on the pillow and watched the wife of a respectable scientist, his father's boss, work on his cock like a slut. His cock twitched every time she moves her wet tongue from top to bottom. Soon his cock was wet and shining with her saliva. After licking it couple of times Malti held the cock at the base and engulfed half of it in her mouth.
"Yesss..." Langa moaned and bucked his hips. Malti has to stretch her mouth wide to fit the thick rod which filled her mouth completely. She took couple of seconds to get use to the size and then sucked in. She remembered how as a kid she uses to suck on the ice candies which were always thick compared to her small mouth. She felt the same way sucking his oversized cock except that this one was hot and the skin felt so velvety inside her mouth. She pushed it up on her tongue and squeezed it between her tongue and pallet. She wanted to squeezed out the nectar from it.
Langa watched her soft pink polished lips stretched around his cock and groaned. Malti bobbled her head up and down on his shaft and started to suck in earnest. Every time she goes down, the cock slips further in. She enjoyed the feeling of hot flesh inside her mouth and wanted to take every inch of it inside her. He softly moaned and bucked his hips as his cock rubbed against her lips.
Langa could not lie still for long time and sat on the edge of the bed pushing Malti on her knees beside the bed. He held her head in both his hands and started to guide her face onto his shaft. Malti felt his cock reaching at the back of her throat. Her husband never reached so deep and she feared that if she let him face fuck her he will even enter her throat. She held his cock at the base in her fist so that he cannot enter completely into her mouth. Langa increased the pace and tried to push her hand away so to enter completely but she held firmly.
"Madam... please remove your hand," he whispered. Malti saw an animalistic rage, a tortured look on Langa's face and knew that if she removes her hand he will enter her throat. She shook her head in no. Langa continued to fuck her face in long and slow strokes and whispering her to remove her hand. Her husband has never reached her throat and she was a bit scared what to expect. Even now when his cock touched the back of throat, her eyes widened and she has to control her gag reflexes. Couple of minutes passed and he continued to fuck her while she sucked and swallowed the saliva in her mouth.
"Ahhh...uggg..." he groaned and she felt his cock swell in her mouth. "Madam... AHHH," he groaned even loudly and she knew he was about to cum. Langa held her head with one hand and with other he removed her grip on the base of his shaft. As soon as her hand was removed his entire cock was impaled deep into her throat.
Malti shook violently and her eyes widened, she felt chocked onto the shaft but the next second he eased and pulled out. She was barely able to catch her breath when he was into her throat again. She scratched his legs in protest but it had little effect, he expertly slides in and out of her throat giving her time only to catch her breath.
Malti was very still now, trying to relax her muscles as much as possible, while Langa was not able to last any longer and started to pump his load inside her mouth. Langa emptied his load directly into her throat and she could do little but to swallow. He continued to twitch and jerk for some time and kept her pinned between his legs.
Finally, when he let her go she sat exhausted on the floor. She cannot believe that she was throat fucked just now and she swallowed every drop of cum. She never imagined that she would do this. Langa was lying on the bed, happy and contended.
She came out of the bathroom after cleaning and found Langa still lying in same position.
"You can now pull up your pajamas," she spoke.
Langa smiled, "don't want another round."
"Just shut up... my throat is sore, you were out of control and fucked my throat," she complained.
"It's so sweet I cannot help."
"Looks like you have lot of practice doing it."
"Yes... I have done it couple of times before and she liked it," he spoke.
Malti felt a pang of jealousy, she knew which women he was talking about, the wife of another officer from FRI whom he has fucked before.
She quickly gathered her purse and mobile, "Ok I will leave now, you take rest."
"Will see you soon at home."
Malti nodded and left.
----------------------------------------------------
Later in night when she was having sex with Ravi she found that she was not able to enjoy it. She could not fathom why, maybe because she is tired, but soon she realized it was due to lack of excitement. She felt the urge only when the days event flashed before her eyes, the teasing with the boys and the hard cock of Langa in her mouth. She came hard imagining the muscular Langa between her legs. She even felt guilty afterwards.
After the sex Ravi lay awoke for a long time thinking about his wife and Langa. He knew that Langa would be fit and fine in few days and will be back to fuck his wife, little did he knew that he has already started with mouth fucking her. He cannot talk about this with Malti as it will reveal that he has attacked Langa. He tried to look for reasons for her falling for Langa but could not think of any. He has always found her actively participating in sex and even initiating it also and he always thought that he was good enough for her. Now after he has witnessed her with Langa his delusion was shattered and he realized that her libido cannot be satisfied by just one man. But he cannot just keep quiet and tolerate her adultery, he has to do something about it. He found only one option right now i.e. to seek transfer from the city. He remembered how the other officer whose wife Langa was fucking also did the same thing, he got himself transferred away. Maybe sometime later after they move away he can talk to Malti about this. After making this decision he felt relaxed and fell asleep.
-------------------------------------------------
Next day in the office Ravi decided to talk to his boss Mr Raj Pratap Singh, he was the director of FRI and Ravi was having good relationship with him. He was the top boss at FRI and had good connections which could help him in getting transfer. Mr Singh was a senior IFS officer in his fifties and he also resides in a bungalow in the same FRI complex where Ravi resides but was still some distance from his house as the place is spread out in a very large area.
"What!!! You want to be transferred," he was shocked when Ravi asked him for help. They were sitting in Singh's office.
"Yes sir, actually I am not getting any good results in my research and I want to be transferred to some other place."
"Rubbish, I know your research is going on right track, you only joined us this year."
Ravi made up some story about his work-related problems and asked him to help him in transfer.
"Ok, I will see what can be done, but before I forget I must invite you, Malti and your lovely daughter to our 25th marriage anniversary party this Saturday evening," he spoke.
"Ohh... congratulations sir."
"Thanks, and make sure you attend with your family, the party is at my bungalow and I am inviting few of my close friends only."
Ravi nodded and assured that he will be there. He came out of his office in deep thoughts and decided that he will get a nice gift for them for the anniversary and then he will again talk to him about transfer on Monday, he will definitely help.
At home, Malti was not feeling good as her mensural periods started and her back was paining. Next couple of days went by uneventful partly due to Malti's mensural periods and partly as Langa was recovering at home. Finally, Saturday arrived and Malti was not too excited about it as she had earlier attended Ravi's office parties and they turn out to be boring. She never enjoyed gossiping with the wives of other officers from FRI. However, she paid attention on dressing and wore her best salwar kurta. The kurta had a deep neck revealing a generous cleavage. She wore a light makeup and tied her shoulder length hairs into a bun. When she came out of the room Ravi's jaws dropped looking at the sexy figure.
Malti was feeling horny as her periods ended today and she always feel aroused during this time. She saw the face of Ravi and smiled,
"Be aware tonight," she whispered.
Ravi felt his cock twitch and he forgot all about her infidelity and wanted to grab her right then and there but then the face of Langa flashed before his eyes and all he could think of was that she is hot for her lover. Then his attention was diverted when Rini pulled his hands,
"Daddy let us go," she was ready.
Malti felt relaxed when she found out that the guest at the party were very limited and only one or two couples were from office. The party was stretched out from there drawing room to the back lawn. They settled down in drawing room while Rini ran around the house. Malti has met Mr Singh and his wife earlier also and she liked his wife, they go along well. As regards Mr Singh he always had a lecherous eye on Malti. She had felt it earlier too but nothing threatening.
Today also when he saw Malti he was mesmerized by her youthful yet fully developed beauty. He looked at the full ass which was accentuated by the tight dress, and felt his cock stir. Malti saw him leering at her and felt strangely aroused as if she is exposing herself. She congratulated the couple on their anniversary and Mr Singh held onto her hand longer than required, maybe fantasizing those soft hands wrapped around his cock.
They were still exchanging pleasantries when Malti saw Manoj approaching them.
'O my god this guy,' Malti recognized the guy whom she met couple of days back on the hills and she remembered how she travelled with them on the bike and how he felt her up.
'What is he doing here?' she thought.
As he approached closer he also recognized Malti and was startled.
"What are you standing there, come..." Mrs Singh hailed him closer.
"I guess you have not met our son Manoj," she introduced him, "he is studying engineering from SPMG collage."
Manoj looked at her dumb faced.
"Where are your manners," Mrs Singh scolded finding him looking blankly at Ravi and Malti.
"Ohh... sorry... "Namastay... uncle," he spoke to Ravi and then mumbled some greetings to Malti also, he was not able to bring himself to call her aunty as he has called her husband uncle.
Mrs Singh then went on to introduce them to Manoj. Malti understood his predicament and smiled inwardly, she knew that it's a shock for him as he believes her to be a student of his age.
Ravi noticed the strange behavior of Manoj and how he was looking at Malti, but he was not able to understand anything but then he also noticed his boss feasting his eyes on Malti. For a moment Ravi felt a bit proud that he had such a sexy wife which could stir lust in father and son alike but the next moment he was ashamed of himself for letting this kind of thoughts come to his mind.
Manoj soon excused himself and went away, while Mr Singh took Ravi away to the makeshift bar at the corner and they mixed with the other guys who were already drinking, the women were having fruit juice and were chatting amongst themselves.
Party was pretty boring; some music was played but nobody was dancing and guests made their own groups for drinking and chatting. Malti soon found herself alone and she wandered to the kitchen looking for some food but there was none.
As she was there Mr Singh walked in,
"Hey..."
"Hi," she smiled.
"I must say Ravi is a very lucky guy," he said looking at her animatedly.
She knew what he was getting at but she played innocent, "Why?"
"He has such a beautiful wife," he spoke.
"Ohh... come on you are just being nice," she pretended to be shy.
"No... no... you are amazing," he admired her body lewdly. Malti didn't knew what to say she just fiddled with the glass of orange juice.
"What are you drinking," he enquired.
"Orange juice."
"Why not spike it with some vodka," he spoke with a glimmer in his eyes and quickly produced a bottle from the kitchen cabinet.
"Oh... no... please," she giggled, "no lady is drinking."
"No one that you can find out," he smiled meaningfully, "why do you think I am came here looking for the bottle of vodka... there are ladies quietly mixing it with the juice."
He opened the cap and gestured for her glass. "This party is going to be interesting," Malti thought and let him pour some in her half-filled glass.
She sipped and made a bad face and he giggled, "perfect drink... no smell and goes perfectly with the juice."
"You wait here, I'll pass this bottle to my wife and will be back with some snacks," he left.
Malti gulped down the drink quickly and walked out of the kitchen. She joined the group of ladies and saw Mr Singh hurriedly going back to the kitchen to look for her, she smiled and felt the same feeling as she uses to get as a teenager exposing and teasing her teachers.
Malti was talking to Mrs Singh and other ladies when Rini returned to her side feeling bored.
"Mummy I want to go home."
"Why baby we just came," she asked.
"I am getting bored."
There was no other child of her age with whom she can play. Mrs Singh understood and called for her son.
"Hey Manoj what are you doing... take Rini to your room and give her some video games to play," she told him.
Rini was happy listening to this and quickly walked with him to his room. As Manoj guided Rini, he looked at Malti mischievously from the corner of his eyes. After the initial shock his confidence was back and he was happy to see her again. He was surprised to find that she was indeed a mother of a six-year-old girl.
Malti was also relaxed now and felt a fire building inside her remembering what happened that afternoon. She was already feeling horny and now after seeing him smiling mischievously and his father trying to sweet talk her she felt her pussy getting wet.
She saw her husband was busy with men and Mr Singh was going around from one place to another looking for her. He saw her standing with the ladies and wanted to come over when he stopped as he saw his son Manoj appeared before her side.
"So, you are really a housewife," he spoke.
"Ahm... yeah... I told you," she replied with a straight face.
"Are you angry with me."
"What do you think I should be... happy?"
"I am sorry for that day but I thought you to be a collage girl," he spoke but he never looked apologetic.
"You mean to say that if I am a collage girl you are justified in doing what you did," she retorted back.
"No... No... I didn't mean that.... But you are so beautiful and hot that I got carried away."
She didn't say anything and walked towards the food table.
He followed her, "I am really sorry for that day."
"I heard you the first time," she picked up some snacks.
Manoj looked expectantly at her and mouthed please. Malti enjoyed the situation and very well understood that he is just trying to talk her up.
"Where is Rini," she changed the topic.
"Ohh she is playing games on my computer," he pointed to the room upstairs.
"I better check on her," she walked towards the room with Manoj right behind her.
Rini was busy on the computer, "hey baby have you eaten anything," she enquired.
"No mummy I don't want anything."
"I know once you got hooked on games you will lose your appetite."
Malti looked around the room and found it look typically like a room of a college student, a single bed in the center, table with books scattered all over, she smiled examining it.
"Not tidy," he grinned sheepishly.
"What is there," she pointed towards a door.
"That's my sister's room," he opened the door, "she is now in Delhi, couldn't make it tonight for the party."
Malti nodded and stepped into the room and found it neat and clean, "see you can make out from the room that it belongs to a girl, I don't know how you boys can live in such a mess."
"Yeah girls are a beautiful specimen created by god... like you."
Malti giggled, "very philosophical."
"And you are the best of those creations," he took the opportunity, "it was not my fault that I mistook you for a collage girl." He was now animatedly looking at her from top to bottom.
"Ok... ok... now you have enough of eye feasting," she chuckled.
Manoj also giggled, "Common... I can never have enough... that day too you refused to take second trip to your car."
"Were you out of your mind... how could you dare such a thing in middle of the road," her face turned red but her heartbeat increased.
"Now we are in a room," he spoke meaningfully.
"Just shut up," she spoke in a hoarse voice. Manoj was looking directly at her lovely cleavage and Malti's breathing became heavy. Ever since she saw him she was feeling naughty and was reminded of that afternoon. She knew that given an opportunity he will try to take advantage and she too wanted to have some fun but she knew that if she continues now she will lose control. Manoj took a determined step towards her.
She gave him a stern look, "What?"
He stopped in his tracks and could not dare to touch her, "Umm... I... just wanted to look..."
"You already had enough fun that day," she spoke.
"Noooo...," he looked pleadingly towards her.
She enjoyed this and saw a bulge in his pants, "don't walk into the party with that bulge," she giggled and walked out.
As soon as she was back in the party Mr Singh magically appeared beside her,
"Where were you, I have been looking for you in the kitchen."
"Ohh I went upstairs to look for my daughter."
"Don't worry about her Manoj will take care of her," he spoke and called Manoj who was standing near the stairs.
"Take some food for Rini and go upstairs," he ordered him.
"It's no problem I will take it," she spoke but Mr Singh didn't want her to be busy with her daughter so he insisted on Manoj to take care of her. Once he left he offered her Vodka and asked her to come to kitchen to spike her orange juice. Malti was feeling a little buzzed as the first drink was kicking in now and kind of felt good.
On her way to kitchen she bumped into her husband,
"Hey how it's going I saw were talking to Mr Singh," he enquired.
Malti had a mischievous grin on her face, "Yup... your boss seems to be having a great time feasting his eyes on your wife."
"What!!!" he observed him to be ogling her but he didn't expect that Malti knew about it and was actually having fun out of it.
"Yesss and he is also trying to get your wife drunk," she showed the juice glass in her hand and gestured towards kitchen.
"You seemed to be already drunk," he spoke but Malti was already walking towards the kitchen. He watched as she disappeared behind the kitchen door. She walked back to Ravi after some time with the drink in her hand.
"See," she showed him the drink.
"Yeah, how many of those have you taken?"
"Just the second one, dear," then she came closer and whispered, "don't worry I won't let him take advantage of my drunken state."
"Yeah... yeah," he murmured while Malti giggled.
"Where is Rini," he asked, "we should be going home now."
Malti started to laugh.
"What!!! Why are you laughing?"
"You are so jealous and insecure, the moment you learned about your boss is goggling me you want to go home," she laughed again.
"No... no... it's not like that," he spoke sheepishly, "just go easy on them," he pointed towards her glass.
Just then some of the colleague called and Ravi got busy with them. Although he was with them but was not able to pay attention to what was the discussion as his mind was wandering to Malti and his boss. He watched from the corner of his eyes as his wife was again going towards the kitchen and Mr Singh following her. He felt a strange sensation... jealously yes but not like what he felt when he saw her with Langa. He saw his wife walking to the kitchen with a sexy movement of her ass, her hips were accentuated due to the tight Kurta she was wearing and he felt as if she deliberately swayed that voluptuous ass. He adjusted his cock which was getting hard every second. Then they disappeared behind the kitchen door.
--------------------------------------------------
Malti was feeling light headed after the second drink and was having butterflies in her stomach when Mr Singh commented on her being hot and sexy. Clearly, he was now getting bold in flirting with her. Last time when she was in kitchen with him he called her sweet and beautiful, but now he graduated to calling her hot and sexy.
As soon as she entered the kitchen he pulled out the vodka bottle from the drawer.
"No... no... I have had enough," she stepped back.
"Common... last one," he insisted and came closer.
"Are you trying to get me drunk," she giggled.
"Yes... that is precisely my plan to get you drunk and take advantage of you," he too laughed. As he tried to pour some vodka in her juice glass she pulled back her glass sharply and the juice spilled over her dress.
"Ohh shit," she exclaimed.
"I am sorry, I am really sorry," he apologized and kept the bottle on the counter and grabbed some tissues.
"Let me...." he started to wipe off the liquid from her abdomen area.
"I think it will leave a stain, where is washroom I should wash it," she spoke.
"Over there in my bedroom," he pointed towards a door. She rushed out and found herself in a passage. Mr Singh guided her to the room at the far end of corridor and pointed towards a door in the room. She entered the washroom and stepped behind the door. As she took a glance around she found a mirror on the opposite wall through which she saw Mr Singh standing uncertainly in the dimly lit bedroom.
Her heartbeat increased as an idea came to her mind and she felt nervously excited about what she was about to do. 'He can see her through the mirror,' she thought and left the door half open. She reached behind her back and pulled down the zipper of her kurta.
Singh always has a fascination for this lady, he has seen her on other occasions also and always found her to be dressed in clothes that highlighted her perfect body. Today was no exception the kurta was tightly hugging her shapely body and while he was brushing the juice off her stomach, he swore he felt the depth of her navel button. He always admired her from a distance and never actually thought of flirting with her but tonight one thing led to another and he was pleasantly surprised that she doesn't seems to mind the flirting. Suddenly he felt as if his heart will stop beating, he saw the reflection of Malti in the mirror who has taken out her kurta and was cleaning the spot with a wet tissue over the sink.
Malti watched from the corner of her eyes and saw him staring at her in disbelief. She felt the familiar adrenaline surge in her blood which she felt when someone watched her. She felt a strong desire to take off her clothes and expose herself completely, but she controlled herself and pretend to wash the kurta. Singh watched in awe the toned abdomen with deep navel button and the luscious looking boobs still clasped in bra.
He cannot believe his luck, he was glued to his place watching the perfect body of Malti, the lowers were still on and he wished to see more when she slowly untied the knot of her salwar and let it fall on her ankles. His mouth fell open and he walked closer to get a better look of her slender legs and the basketball size of the ass cheeks which were barely covered in the tiny skin-tight panty. He can now clearly see the white triangle of the panty and can also visualize the swollen pussy inside. He placed his hands on the door frame for support. He was so close to her that Malti can hear his hard breathing.
She bends down showing her round ass to him and slowly took the salwar out of her legs and hung it on the door. Now she was standing in just her bra, panties and high heels. Singh licked his dry lips while Malti felt her pussy dripping but she continued to pretend as if cleaning her dress.
Singh adjusted his hard cock and could not control any longer, he wanted to feel the softness of her body in his arms,
"Can I help you," he stepped in.
"Ohhh..." she pretended to be surprised, "what are you doing here."
"Thought you might need some help," he closed the door. Malti's body shivered as she heard the door lock, she remembered the time when she was in a toilet of a train in a similar situation and got frightened, but now she was not scared rather trembling with desire.
---------------------------------
Ravi was feeling uneasy as quite sometime passed and neither of them appeared back from the kitchen. He looked around and then casually strolled towards the kitchen. Inside he found nobody but saw the open vodka bottle sitting on the counter along with the two half filled glasses. He was puzzled, he never saw them coming out. Then he saw the other exit door and walked out of it into the corridor feeling scared what he might find.
He walked slowly and saw no one until he reached the far end and peaked inside the bedroom, he saw his boss standing at the door of the bathroom but he cannot find his wife anywhere. The room was dimly lit but the bathroom light was bright, suddenly he saw her, inside the bathroom in just her white bra and panties. Even before he could assimilate the situation, Mr Singh entered inside and closed the door. The room was even darker after the light coming from the bathroom door was shut.
His worst fears were coming true, her words rang in his ears "your boss is trying to get me drunk." Is she really drunk or is she just a slut, fucking any guy who cares to ask? He walked like a zombie towards the door and thought what should he do, should he barge in? But then he remembered what he saw that afternoon with Langa and shivered, he didn't want to see something like that. He sat down on the bed with his drink. He cannot believe that she can fuck a guy in afternoon and then without any hesitance fuck him in the night, no guilt, no remorse, like a casual routine. Just before coming to this party she was hinting for a night of hot sex with him and now she is having sex with a man she had just met.
---------------------------------
Inside the bathroom Singh grabbed her from behind, her bra was on the floor and her juicy white boobs were crushed by him.
"No... What are you doing," she murmured.
"Mumm..." he grunted something and squeezed them hard and pinched the soft areola.
"Ahhh... nooo..." she arched her body and her head rested on his chest when she bent backward.
For a fleeting second Malti thought what she was about to do, she would be cheating on her husband but then she has already crossed that line with Langa and now it seems easier. She felt the bulge and knew that he is going to fuck her and she wanted that to happen. She looked at their reflections in the mirror on the sink and saw the aroused face of Mr Singh on her neck, he was biting her neck like a vampire, his hairy arms were wrapped around her breasts and the thick fingers were pulling and pinching the soft flesh. She saw her own aroused face and could not recognize it as her, it felt as if she was watching some porn movie unfolding before her eyes with a 4D experience.
"Ahh... ugg... ohh... noo," she heard her own groaning.
"You have a lovely body that I love to explore but tonight we don't have much time," he spoke and pulled her panty down her slender legs.
"Ohh... look at these," he spread the ass cheeks and rubbed his thumb at the puckered hole. Malti felt the thumb spreading her ass hole.
"Ahhh.... Ohh," she squirmed. He inserted half of his thumb inside her ass hole and fucked her for couple of seconds with it.
"Ok... no time for these," he bent her over the sink, "I am going to fuck you," he whispered. He pushed upper half of her body over the sink's marble top, Malti felt the cold stone beneath her stomach and her legs leaving the ground.
"Ahh...," she tried to wiggled as she felt the cold but he kept her pressed hard. She could watch in the mirror as he opened his zip and fished out a thick looking cock.
"Stay......... don't move," he panted and spread her legs wide, she felt the thick rod finding its way and within no time he was buried deep inside her.
"Ahhh...," Malti cried out as she felt completely filled.
Singh grabbed her shoulders and started to fuck her hard and fast. The mixed animalistic sounds from both of them filled the small bathroom.
"I promise you Malti," he spoke while watching his cock slip in and out of her pussy, "we will do it again when I will send your husband away for work and fuck you all night."
Ravi had his eyes pressed against the small key hole in the door and could see both of them right in front of him. Malti spread out on the sink top while his boss was pounding her pussy by holding her waist with both hands. He was getting a 360 degree of panoramic view with there faces in the mirror and asses right in front of his eyes.
Singh was now pounding her in earnest and was smacking her white ass with each thrust. Ravi can see the look on Malti's face and knew how much she was enjoying this treatment. Ravi stayed glued to his place until he heard the loud grunting noise and saw him pumping his load in her pussy. The pounding stopped and the place was filled with the noises of heavy breathing. Singh pulled out his cock glistering in her juices and wiped the liquid on her ass, Malti stayed lying on the sink top, while Singh started to zip up.
Ravi quietly stepped back and walked towards the party like a zombie. He sat on the sofa and gulped down his drink watching his boss appearing from the kitchen. Malti took some time to arrive but when she was in the room she was dressed properly and nothing give away that she was getting her pussy pounded in the bathroom couple of seconds before.
-------------------------------------------
Ravi was sitting in his bedroom after they came back home from the party and his mind was still occupied with the thoughts of what he saw in his boss's bathroom. Malti came to the bedroom after putting their daughter away on bed and started to change into the night gown. Ravi felt his cock rock hard and he grabbed her from behind.
"Ohh...," Malti got startled but then she felt the hard cock poking on her bums.
"What!!! you are hard... its very late Ravi," she understands what he wanted and tried to avoid it but Ravi bends her on the bed and pulled her panty down.
"First let me get washed," she tried to get away.
"No," he patted her ass and saw red finger marks from the slapping Singh gave her. He caressed the marks on the butt and then he saw little teeth marks on her neck, his breathing got hard. He held her waist and thumped his cock into her well lubricated pussy.
"Ahhh..." Malti groaned as a hard cock entered her pussy for the second time tonight.
Ravi started to hump her hard, face of Mr Singh flashed before his eyes and he pictured him pounding his wife. It was too much for him and within seconds he blows his load inside her already filled pussy.