I am an Exhibitionist Slut
This adventure or I should say my new lifestyle began the first morning on the beach in Torremolinos. The evening before, we had flown from Luton to Malaga on Easy Jet for our honeymoon to celebrate our wedding the day before. After breakfast we headed down the hill to the popular beach, and laid out our towels on an already busy stretch of sand ready to soak up the sun. I was wearing my new polka dot string bikini. Two minutes after laying down Brian said, "Take off your bikini top."
"Really?" I asked in a very questioning tone.
"Of course, you've got beautiful tits they need to be on show, so get 'em out."
I slipped off the bikini top, my first ever time being topless out in public despite numerous holidays abroad.
It felt strange being untethered so to speak but with an underlying feeling of excitement. I wondered what my Mum and Dad would say if they could see me now. I was only just twenty at the time, and Brain was twenty four, he was my man and in some ways I felt I was his little girl. Physically I was tiny, only four feet eleven against his six feet two inches and he was a mature man where as I wasn't a worldly girl.
So he wanted me to show off my tits, why not, it was just a bit of sexy fun. That was the last time I ever wore a bikini bra, even back in England I always went topless on the beach and sometimes nude. That evening Brian told me to go braless when we went out for our evening meal and a few drinks. I of course did as I was asked and so I never wore a bra again on holiday. In fact I seldom wore a bra any more, anywhere. I've small tits and they don't need any support so only wore the infernal garment when absolutely necessary.
Brian's requests were so liberating and I realised later that I was actually becoming or indeed was a submissive, not that I minded, I enjoyed Brian's sexy requests.
I didn't really have any revealing or sexy tops to wear out that first evening, just a loose thin white tee shirt which didn't really show anything so we went to one of the many shops in Torremolinos town square and came across a rack of vests, the sort with armholes from the shoulders down to the waist, wow. Brian bought me three and made me change in the middle of the shop. I quickly took off the tee shirt and pulled one of the vests over my head; it was exciting doing it with a couple watching me change my top. The vest didn't do much to cover me up. I looked in a mirror in the store and you could clearly see my tits and nipples from the side and the low-cut top if I leaned forward the slightest bit again showed off my assets.
"You look gorgeous Steph and so, so sexy," Brian said.
So in truth, my tits were virtually on display for the rest of the holiday. I was either topless on the beach or wearing one of my new vests, great fun, sexy fun, Brian was always touching me up, having a grope when I least expected it and he didn't seem to mind who saw.
I'd been fucking Brian since the day of my eighteenth birthday, and the sex with him was brilliant. He was very attentive to my needs always trying to make me cum at least once before he did. I've got to admit that we did just about everything there was to do short of fucking before I was eighteen and my birthday present when I was eighteen was a very special memorable occasion.
After showing myself off in every bar and restaurant in the holiday resort, well some of them at least after a week it was time to head to the airport and back to reality. I still didn't wear a bra just another tee shirt.
Ten days after our return Brian invited his mates round to watch some footy on the telly, something that he did about once a month. I'd always served sandwiches, cans of beer and what have you and now I was Brian's wife I just carried on with my duties. However there was one difference, "wear one of the vests we got in Spain Steph."
"Your mates will see my tits Bri."
"Err yeah, that's the general idea. No different to Spain."
"But they're your mates; I just didn't think you'd want them to see my tits is all."
"Of course I do Steph. You know I love your tits and I want my mates to see what a lucky so-and-so I am."
I smiled, "Of course silly me. I'll happily wear one." I paused a moment, "And if you want me to later on I'll even take it off so they can see me better."
I was getting into this submissive exhibitionism lark.
"That'll be great Steph, I was going to tell you to do that. I'll say when though, okay."
"Of course, I'll just follow your lead, in everything."
The Four guys, who all had been at our wedding, started arriving just after seven thirty for the footy match starting at eight, I got a few funny looks I can tell you. My tits nearly completely on show were definitely a surprise for the lads. I had always been a modestly dressed young lady before my wedding. I was in truth a little humiliated that my new husband wanted to show me off but at the same time felt vaguely turned on at displaying myself. I was even looking forward to the instruction to take the vest off. Am I weird or what. I served the beers, as usual, aware that bending over to hand the cans out put my tits even more on display. I know all the lads were taking as many surreptitious peeks as possible and then Brian put a stop to that.
"Lads, no need to be shy looking at Steph, she likes to be looked at don't you darling?"
I smiled, "absolutely, I'd be disappointed if you didn't look."
A little more humiliation and embarrassment another flush to my body. I just knew that Brian would be making me cum later, oh yes. As I served more beers I took to leaning over further and for a few seconds longer just to show off my tits more.
At half-time, I brought out the sandwiches I'd made plus more beers of course. Brian muted the television.
"Steph, the lads have virtually seen all of your tits, take off the vest and show them properly."
The moment had come, the moment I'd been dreading and the same moment I was looking forward to. The fact that Brian told me to take the vest off showing off my submissive side was yet more humiliation and so exciting. I just knew I would willingly do anything that Brian asked me to do.
I took off the vest and did a twirl showing off my little tits to the assembled throng. Brian came and stood behind me and reaching under my arms cupped my tits and began to play with my nipples between finger and thumb. It felt divine having my tits groped and watched by Brian's four mates.
"I know Steph was at the back of the queue when they dished out tits but they're still a nice hand full. Have a feel up, see what you think. Steph'll enjoy that won't you?"
"Mmm yes please," I said a smile on my face.
I hadn't been expecting that. Brian was turning me into a slut, all be it, his slut. The word slut sounded perfect to describe what was happening. I was Brian's exhibitionist slut. I wondered what it would be like to get felt up by the lads. I was actually looking forward to being touched up by Brian's mates. I wondered what the lads thought of this situation, did they just accept it, did they think Brian was demeaning me or did they just think of me as Brian's toy, his little slut to be played with?
When my husband told them they could look at me all they wanted they were all still a bit shy, only one of them, Greg I think blatantly looked, the rest looked but as soon as I tried to make eye contact with them they looked away. Now I was topless they all looked, who could blame them, but would they be brave enough to actually feel me up. This was down to little slut me to make the first move, so I took a few steps over to Greg and taking his hands placed them on my tits and squeezed. He looked at Brian who just nodded his approval. It felt wonderful being touched up by a relatively strange man, my cunt was twitching, and I was aroused and then some. The flood broke and pretty soon all of the guys had touched me up, my tits squeezed, my nipples played with, and all the time Brian watched his wife in the hands of his mates. His slut was putting on a good show. A couple of times two different guys were touching me which was a bit special I can tell you to have my two tits fondled by two different men.
I actually felt a little sad when the guys left, I was sexed up to the hilt but Brian quickly saw to my needs, sitting me on the edge of the sofa kneeling between my open legs, and giving my clit what for with his tongue and two fingers in my hole. I climaxed quicker than I ever had before followed by two more orgasms when Brian fucked me, superb.
The next morning Brian and I discussed the evening over breakfast.
"So did you enjoy yourself last night," Brian questioned.
"I did Bri, I was a little surprised at the turn of events. I've become your slut. I hope you don't mind?"
"Why would I mind, you enjoyed yourself, and I enjoyed myself, what's not to like?"
"So long as you don't mind me behaving that way."
"Not at all, be warned I'm going to push you to your limits."
My eyes opened wide.
"What do you have in mind?"
"Oh no, you'll find out when I tell you what to do."
"Sounds exciting."
"It will be."
"When are the lads around for the next footy match?"
"How does next Wednesday evening sound?"
"Perfect."
Wednesday came and I was feeling aroused all day just thinking about what might happen. At seven fifteen I got my first instruction.
"Okay Steph you are to be topless from the start, the lads will be looking forward to seeing your tits and copping a feel. Second I want you wearing that little red mini-skirt and a thong."
Last time I had been wearing jeans and one of my Spanish vests if you recall. So this time I was going to be dressed sexier from the start. This time six of Brian's mates turned up for the football match. Had word about Brian's slut got out? I didn't care, the more the merrier as far as I was concerned, all the more to look at me and touch me up. The lads settled down for the footy while I served the beers as usual. The lads weren't backward in coming forwards today taking the opportunity of feeling up my tits whenever the chance arrived. The two new arrivals quickly realised what the score was and were soon touching me up. Twelve hands on my tits, glorious. My feelings of arousal were mounting. The little skirt I had been ordered to wear along with the thong gave the lads ample chance of seeing my bum every time I bent over to give them a beer. But at half-time Brian said, "Lose the skirt and panties Steph, let's have you nude for the rest of the match." Turning to his mates he said, "Same rules apply lads, Steph likes to be touched everywhere don't you?"
"Yes please."
It was at this point Greg, it had to be him, asked if he could take some photos.
"Of course mate, you carry on," Brian replied.
Immediately six phones were pulled out of pockets and photos were taken. I felt so proud that these guys wanted to hold onto images of Brian's slut forever. I imagined them jerking off many times just looking at the nude photos of little old me
The humiliation was total but my arousal conquered any thoughts I might have had to go against my husband's words. I was his total slut and I loved it. Soon my tits and pussy were being groped and fondled along with my arse, my cunt was so wet that my juices were beginning to run down my thighs, but I didn't care what the lads thought, it just made it easier when they decided to start slipping a finger or two up my hole. Bold Greg even slipped a finger into my bum hole, this was getting better. On a scale of one to ten my arousal level was at eight or nine and during the forty-five minutes of the second half of the match it kept on rising. I desperately needed to cum. I handed out one more beer to each of the lads getting my pussy and tits touched and penetrated again.
"Brian," I said in desperation, "I need to come." There was no shame in me, I was Brian's slut and he had brought me to this state.
"Lay on the coffee table and bring yourself off, the lads will enjoy the show."
The coffee table was centered around where the lads were sitting so all would be able to see my performance. I lay on my back, legs spread wide showing my cunt off, and started to rub my clit with my right hand while my left hand went to my left nipple squeezing the bud those wonderful orgasmic feelings that had been building in me all day were close to flooding over. I opened my eyes for a moment to see seven faces staring at me as I stuck two fingers deep into my cunt but still managed to rub my clit and then the orgasm exploded in my body. I came hard screaming out my joy in what had possibly been the best climax I'd ever had. I wet myself my pee going onto the coffee table and then dribbling onto the wooden floor. I was powerless, control over my body gone. As I slowly came round I sat up smiling at the lads when Brian said, "You had better lick up your piss Steph before it stains the table and floor."
I knelt up and immediately started licking the coffee table. I looked up and saw that a couple of the lads watching me were surprised, I wondered why, the fact that Brian had told me to lick up my pee, or the fact that I did it without question. In case you are wondering my pee didn't taste too bad. All the while the lads' phones kept on catching the action. No doubt I was going to be internet famous before too long. Just before the lads left Brian asked them to send him all the photos they had taken and then Brian got down and dirty with me ensuring I came twice, wonderful, and half an hour later the first photos arrived and I got to see myself naked which was so thrilling.
The next morning Brian had to go off to work early, so I had forty minutes at home with a cup of coffee before I had to head off to my job as an accounts clerk in an office, Not very exciting but it helped pay the bills.
I began to think about my marriage and the way it had gone. It wasn't what I thought it would be but was so glad it had turned out the way it had. Brian enjoyed humiliating me without question, but I found it exciting. I didn't realise that I was so subservient. I wasn't expecting two point-five kids, a thirty-year mortgage, and a white picket fence for sure. But it seemed my marriage had gone to the other extreme. I only had my parent's marriage and their friends for comparison and they all seemed very normal whatever that is. But what goes on behind closed doors is anybody's guess, for instance, do all men watch porn? Which was my only disquieting thought, would the photos of me be seen by my parents. I thought the chances of that were pretty minimal considering the millions of porn photos on the internet so I dismissed that little worry. If they did find out about this aspect of their daughter's life I'd just cross that bridge at the time.
My one thing above all else was being seen nude, I loved it, and being touched while nude just added to my pleasure. My arousal knew no limits or so I thought. Time would prove otherwise.
Before another football evening, Brian decided to dress me sexier with ever more revealing clothes to show off my body. We went to our local supermarket ASDA with me showing off my tits in a black wide mesh fishnet blouse. It did nothing to hide my assets along with another mini skirt and no panties. Loads of people got to see my tits and a few others were lucky enough to see my bum when I bent over to get a product from a low shelf and some others caught a glimpse of my shaved fanny when I squatted down deliberately opening my legs. Arriving home after doing the weekly shop I was hot to trot and Brian ended up fucking me while I lay on the coffee table. I tell you I'm beginning to love that piece of furniture. So all in all I'm a very happy little exhibitionist.
The next football evening had seven attendees and the following one, nine. The photos of me were spreading about and seemed to be piquing people's interest and who would blame any red blooded male wanting to see me in the buff and being permitted to touch the goods. The end result on both evenings was me putting on a display of masturbation ending in a divine climax for yours truly and a couple more immediately after from Brian's fingers, tongue and cock.
Then one Saturday evening Brian said, "Right Steph I've got a lovely surprise for you, put on one of your Spanish vests and that little red mini skirt and a red thong. Quick now we've only have a half hour to get there."
Excited I asked, "What's the surprise?"
"You'll see when we get there, now scoot and go and get changed and you'll only need a touch of lippy, okay."
I disappeared upstairs to quickly change, my mind running through possibilities, a meal out, a visit to the local pub? What the surprise turned out to be I would not have imagined in a million years but oh what a glorious and totally unexpected treat it was for me.
We drove to a housing estate on the far side of town and entering the estate the petrol station was just up ahead, I began to think Brian was going to get me to pump the petrol topless but we passed by rapidly. I knew this area well, my friend Judy lived here until her parents upped sticks and moved the family to France. I used to ride my bike over to Judy's regularly. I knew there were no pubs or restaurants anywhere close by so what was going on? We pulled up behind a load of cars half parked on the pavement and with the car's engine switched off we could hear music coming from one of the houses, wow we were going to a party.
"A party," I said.
"Almost, but we're working."
I know I looked surprised. "Working!"
"Yeah, I've started a company, Unique Strippergrams and guess who's the star of the show. There are going to be thirty or forty people there for a lad's twenty-first birthday. You're going to strip for him and let him feel you up. Then you are going to remain naked for the next hour or so and let everybody touch you up. They are aware of how you operate."
My cunt twinged.
"Brian you are the best, how on earth did you come up with this idea?"
"You enjoy being seen naked and I thought this was a good way to give you more chances and more people to show yourself off to."
"You are so good to me," I said smiling, "come on let's go, can't wait to strip off."
I had no doubt at all that Brian had set this up for little old me.
We walked up to the house and quickly found Jim, the birthday boy's father who had arranged the strippergram.
"He's in there, in the Arsenal shirt."
"What's his name?" I asked.
"Simon and that's his girlfriend with him by the way, but don't worry she's completely on board with this, in fact it was her idea. She'll probably want to do the business with you too."
I smiled, being touched up by a woman had never occurred to me. Mmm, could be good.
I squeezed my way through to birthday boy, the place was packed.
"Hello Simon," I said, "you don't know me but I've got a birthday present for you." I whipped off my top and grabbing the chap's hand placed it on my tit, he immediately turned very nervously to his girlfriend who did the only thing she could and grabbed my spare tit. "It's okay Simon enjoy, this was my idea, she likes to be touched up don't you darling."
"I really, really do," I said.
Brian bless him had obviously told them about my quirky way, he really wanted me to enjoy myself.
And Simon began to give my tit a good groping while his girlfriend enjoyed giving my other tit the attention it desired before bending down and giving the nipple a nice suck and then began to gently nibble it. My cunt started throbbing and my fun had only just started.
"Just a second," I said and took a step back and got rid of my skirt and panties. I stepped forward and said, "Now where were we?"
The girl immediately went for my pussy running her fingers along the slit.
"You're wet," she said, "you really do enjoy this don't you:"
"I love it. You can stick a finger inside me if you like."
The girl didn't need a second invitation and my hole was filled with not one but two fingers. Meantime all this action was being watched by those around us, camera phones were out and photos were being taken. I was really, really going to be internet famous after this party, Simon was now giving my tits what for, sucking my nipples, squeezing them and generally doing what a guy is meant to do to a girl's tits. Meantime somebody behind us had decided my backside was worthy of his attention and started giving my cheeks a squeeze while Simon's girlfriend was still finger fucking my pussy. I thought it was about time for me to meet other people and let them enjoy my naked body. I told Simon I'd be back in a while but I had to go and meet his friends. He and his girlfriend reluctantly let me go but I was soon surrounded by another group who had taken it to heart that I liked to be touched and fondled.
You might have guessed that my arousal level was going up and up.
I wandered from room to room letting other people see my nudity and allowing them to touch and fondle me. I was getting so turned on, that it felt like all my Christmases and birthdays had all arrived together.
Brian was never far away, enjoying my show, he loved to see me nude and being touched and I guess he was also there just in case somebody overstepped the mark which fortunately didn't happen. Simon's grandfather, seventy if a day really enjoyed himself playing with my tits and I really didn't mind his old hands caressing me. I knew I was bringing a lot of pleasure to a lot of people although I was surprised at the number of women old and young who enjoyed touching me. One lady getting on in years a matronly type of woman with a big, big bust fifty inches or more, you know the type hogged my tits for a few minutes, wow, it takes all sorts. I didn't find out until later when Brian told me that I had exposed myself for close to two hours. Doesn't time fly when you're having fun? Looking out for Brian I waved him over, "I need to cum Bri."
"So do it."
"Where?"
"Go into the living room onto the sofa, spread your legs, and enjoy."
I squeezed my way through the crowd being touched and groped the whole way, spotted the sofa which was fully occupied and then spotted a dining room table with chairs all around. I pulled one out, turned it to face the room, sat down, opened my legs wide giving the watchers a wonderful view of my pussy, and proceeded to give my clit a good rub. I came within seconds shouting out my joy of release, these randy fuckers had really turned me on. The orgasm seemed to last for ages and my fingers never stopped manipulating my clit until the last moment of joy subsided; I sat for a moment to allow my body to calm down and then a female voice said, "Hello Steph that was quite a show you put on."
'Fuck it,' I thought. The voice belonged to Betty Jones my supervisor at work.
"Betty," I said, "I didn't expect to see you here."
"I wouldn't have thought so, no. Simon is the son of one of my friends. Thought I'd just pop in the wish him happy birthday." She laughed, "Just in time to catch the show and so glad that I did."
"Am I going to be in trouble at work?"
"Not at all, it's my husband's birthday in four weeks and I'd love for you to give him the same birthday present. Would you?"
"I'll ask Brian but I reckon it would be okay."
"There will be people from work Steph, about ten of them, will that be a problem?"
"No Betty, this is my choice, my lifestyle, people can take it or leave it."
"Wow, that's very forthright of you."
I laughed, "Do you want to feel my tits."
"I'd love to," with that she reached up and gave my tits and nipples a good groping.
Brian arrived and after I told him the details he quickly agreed, negotiated the price and that was that. Finally at ten thirty, two and a half hours after arriving at the party I walked down the street nude to our car. I had one last show to do that evening. You remember I mentioned the petrol station at the entrance to the estate, Brian made me fill up the car naked and then walk across the forecourt to the pay window with his credit card. The guy there couldn't believe his luck.
I won't go into details but Brian gave me a wonderful seeing to when we got home giving me three more superb orgasms.
Wednesday at work was my first chance to have a chat with Betty; we went to a local coffee shop close to our office block,
"You still on for four weeks Saturday?" She asked.
"Sure am Betty, looking forward to it."
"Can I ask you a question?"
"Of course."
"How far are you prepared to go?"
"Just as far as you've seen, I'm not a whore, I don't do actual sex. I don't touch anybody, I don't jerk them off, don't do blow jobs and I certainly don't fuck. I am an exhibitionist slut, that's all. I love people seeing me nude and I love being touched, it is all so stimulating."
She just nodded and took a sip of her coffee.
"Blimey, what started you off on this trip? Before you were married you seemed I don't know very err"
"Straight, boring," I interrupted.
"I wouldn't have put it quite like that, but you get the picture. But what started you off down this track."
I told her about Torremolinos and the football nights and found out that getting naked really turned me on and when Brian invited the guys to feel me up, well it just overwhelmed me.
"So it was Brian's idea."
"Yes and I know what you're thinking. That I'm young and impressionable and that Brian is taking advantage of me. The truth is I'm taking advantage of him. Yes he sparked the first bit of interest but I've taken over. Now he's just trying to think of things to excite me."
"So whose idea was it for you to cum in public?"
"Mine totally and utterly."
"And are they real?"
"Oh yes Betty, and they are the best orgasms I've ever had."
"Well in that case I hope you have many more of them. I know my old man will enjoy watching you. Hopefully he'll give me a bit when we're alone. Right come on we had better be getting back to the office."
Unique Strippergrams went quiet so I only had a football night to pursue my fantastic new hobby. The latest evening began with eight of Brian's mates, word was definitely getting around, I was so happy being able to show off to the eight men and my husband and of course have my body touched up. It was a tremendous evening culminating in me putting on my usual display of orgasmic masturbation.
As the guys left Greg of course it was him hung around.
"Can I have a word Brian?"
"Of course my man what's up?"
"On Saturday it's my football clubs annual dinner and the stripper we booked has pulled out, I was wondering if Steph would step in? There will probably be about eighty of us."
I was still sitting there nude, Brian looked at me and I almost imperceptibly nodded my head. Oh yes, eighty guys to ogle my body, yes, yes, yes.
I had a day off work the next day and after Brian had gone off to his job I laid in bed thinking about eighty-odd guys looking at me nude and quickly had my fingers dancing on my clit bringing me to a lovely orgasm. After a breakfast of tea and cornflakes, I thought carefully about what I would be doing on Saturday evening and decided that I needed to do a proper striptease for the soccer club. However, I had never seen a strip show in my life, how hard could it be to do a bit of dancing and take your clothes off. First I needed to work out a routine after deciding what clothes to wear to look sexy while taking them off. Then I needed to decide what to do once naked. Do strippers do anything else or once naked is that it. I had a few Stephanie ideas that would help prolong the show until I started to move amongst my audience. There were a few items I would need after the striptease so went online to order what I needed; they were due for next-day delivery. I next selected the music I would need for my performance, twenty minutes worth was all I thought I needed. I then got to work on a dance routine, spent two hours trying things out and realised that undressing sexily wasn't as easy as it sounded, but it started coming together. I had lunch and then spent another two hours perfecting my techniques.
You know, when I had spoken to Betty the other day she had it in her head that Brian had pushed me into my nude lifestyle but what I had decided for Saturday evening was totally me. Brian would not know what I had planned until he saw me perform. This was all me.
Satisfied with my routine I stopped and made myself a coffee.
The things I'd ordered online duly arrived on Friday. Brian arrived home from work after me so he didn't see my packages, so everything was set for my Saturday evening performance. Was I nervous? You've got to be joking, prancing around nude in front of a load of men would just get me horny and excited, bring it on.
Saturday evening we arrived at the community centre at seven forty-five. The football club had hired the place for the evening as their clubhouse was too small to accommodate the crowd. Greg met us at the door.
"Word has got out about you Steph, over one hundred have come to see you, hope that's alright? I must admit I've passed the word around about you being a star performer."
"That's fine Greg; one hundred is a nice round number. Now I want two chairs side by side on the stage, one of them preferably a swivel chair, you know like an office chair and I presume there is somewhere for me to change."
"Yes at the back of the stage, it'll be private back there."
"Okay in that case I think Brian and I deserve a drink on the house, don't you? And oh here's my music." I said handing over a memory stick.
"Of course, come to the bar."
We walked through to the bar and already I was getting loads of looks. I was already feeling as horny as hell; this was going to be so exciting." At the bar I ordered a large whiskey, and Brian had his usual pint.
He leaned over to me, "You good."
"I am," I said nodding.
"Have you got something worked out?"
"Most definitely."
"Tell me."
"Oh no mister you can watch your little exhibitionist slut just like everybody else. Just know you are going to enjoy it, really enjoy it." I gave his prick a little squeeze through his trousers. "Just make sure that's ready for me when we get out of here."
"You can bet your life on that darling."
I went round to the back of the stage where it was quiet and private and quickly changed into my stripper outfit, a lacy see-through 32B bra that I'd rushed out to buy at the Marks & Spencer's lingerie department that morning. The open weave black string vest I'd worn out to the local supermarket you will recall, and finally my tiny red mini skirt and a thong, red of course. I tell you I didn't intend to stay dressed for very long, I wanted to get naked as soon as possible. I lubricated my bum I knew my pussy wouldn't need any lubricant my body would naturally take care of that no problem.
Another chap called the football players to attention. "Right you horrible lot for your entertainment this evening we have a gorgeous young lady who I'm told puts on a stellar show, so give it up for the delectable Stephanie."
The lads started cheering and clapping, the noise was almost overwhelming and then my music started, I walked out on stage to more noise, waved to my audience and started to sway to the music. I put my two accessories onto the hard chair, I tell you I was already so aroused but stepping out onto the stage knowing what I was about to do almost put me over the top. I would have cum pretty well instantly if I'd have allowed myself to. Still dancing I reached down to the waist of the vest and lifted it up and off over my head. The cheering started again, the new bra I had on did nothing to impede the view of my tits. Next to come off was the mini skirt. I've always thought I should get down to my underwear and judging by the reaction of the lads I was right. I danced around for another minute or so, after all this performance was called a strip tease, and then off came the bra. At last, my tits were properly on show, and the shouting and cheering got louder sending wonderful sexy signals down to my pussy. My skirt and thong came off very quickly leaving my body on show, yes. I walked around the stage making sure all the men got a good look at me, doing an occasional twirl so they could see all of me.
'Right,' I thought that's the stripping finished, 'now I can get down to doing what I really wanted to do.'
I walked to the right side of the stage and leaning back pulled my cunt lips apart exposing my hole for all to see, then moved to the centre of the stage showing myself off there and finally to the other side of the stage. Then spun around bent over and pulled my arse cheeks apart giving those lucky men a good view of my bum hole and cunt. I repeated this in the centre and other side of the stage.
Greg had done his job well, in the centre of the stage was an office swivel chair and better still it was one of those with arms. I pulled it forward to the front of the stage and sat down opening my legs as wide as they would go. Two fingers from my left hand found their way into my hole while fingers from my right hand toyed with my clit. I swiveled the chair around left and right to ensure everybody got their fair share of my body. I then hooked my legs over the arms of the chair opening myself up more if that was possible. I was so happy giving this performance, I was on top of the world, and no part of me was not on view.
Masturbating in front of these men was a glorious experience for me and I hadn't finished yet. I stood up and went over to the other chair and picked up the two accessories I'd left there, turning away from the audience I inserted the arse plug into myself and fucked myself with it for a few moments, then sat down on the swivel chair inserted the other item, a black dildo into my pussy and began to fuck myself with it using the fingers from my other hand to play with my clit. I was so close to a climax. So, so close, and then it exploded throughout my body. I screamed out my pleasure, kind of uh, uh, uh as each wave of orgasmic pleasure gripped me. My eyes were closed but I guessed every eye in the room was watching me milk the climax for all it was worth as I carried on fucking myself and fingering my clit. After what seemed like ages I stopped, removed the toys from my body and just sat there for a few moments gathering my strength. As I stood up I was greeted to more loud cheers, foot stamping, and clapping. I guessed the lads enjoyed the show.
I'm going to add that I didn't mean to cum this early in the evening, that was meant to happen later, but when a girl needs to cum, she needs to cum, so what the hell. Hopefully, I'd come again before the night was through.
I lifted up my arms enjoying the adulation and indicated to them to quiet down, when the noise died I said, "So glad you enjoyed that lads but it's not over yet. I'll be coming around to say hello to as many of you as I can, still naked, and just to let you know I enjoy being touched up so please mess with my body, it's all yours.
All the time phones were out as more photos of me were taken.
I stepped off the stage and was immediately engulfed in an eager crowd of footballers but they did seem a bit reluctant to follow my instructions so I grabbed the hands of the closest lad to me and put them on my tits. He gave them a squeeze and started playing with a nipple. That started the ball rolling and very soon I had hands all over me, my tits, pussy and arse were all getting the attention I craved. I was still horny from my stage show so these guys doing the business with my body were just getting me going again. My arse hole was still lubricated so a couple of guy's fingers found their way into that particular orifice and when another guy happened to be fingering my clit I experienced a kind of mini orgasm. I wasn't so loud this time I just moaned a bit and I know my body shuddered. The chap fingering my clit looked very pleased with himself, I believe he thought he was a solo performance I don't think he realised that I had a finger up my bum at the time.
I've got to tell you that some of the lads were actually quite sensual in the way they touched me, others quite rough, I didn't mind at all, so long as my body was being touched.
As I wandered amongst my fans I didn't think there was a single moment when my body wasn't being touched, groped, or played with in some form or another. Every time a nipple was tweaked my synaptics sent wonderful messages down to my crotch giving me more of those mini orgasms. One guy actually got down on his knees, grabbed my arse and pulling me towards his face gave my clit half a dozen licks, talk about an extraordinary experience. I've no idea how long I had worked my way through the crowd but knew I was close to needing to cum once again, my body was begging for an orgasmic release. I knew I could give my audience one more show of sexual climax action.
I jumped up on the stage, sat in the swivel chair and once again hooked my legs over the arms showing off my pussy in gynaecological detail. I quickly started rubbing my cunt and moments later was screaming out my joy of orgasmic release. Was it possible for each orgasm to get better than the last, it certainly felt like it?
The football club went wild stamping their feet, clapping, and shouting it was wonderful.
When I had calmed down I went backstage and put on my coat, gathered up my stripper outfit and headed out through the crowd once again looking for Brian.
"Take me home Bri, I'm knackered," I said.
Once home I said, "I'd love to fuck you, but I'm sore, my arse is red raw and my tits are feeling so sensitive, can I just give you a blow job?"
"Only if you feel up to it."
A minute later I had Brian's cock in my mouth doing the business. He didn't last long, I guess seeing his wife's performance had got him aroused as well.
The following day Sunday we drove down to Bournemouth for a day on the beach, I of course sunbathed topless for half an hour before removing my bikini bottom and spending the rest of the day on a public beach naked. You know it's funny not one person complained even after Brian and I walked hand in hand a good way along the sandy shore. It is so much fun being naked in public and sexy too.
As it got closer to Betty's husband's party I must admit to getting a little nervous. She had told me that there would be people from work. Did I really want my hobby to be subject to loads of office gossip, never mind all the photos that would likely be circulated around the place? But I guessed that with the number of photos that had already been taken of me which I imagined were probably widely circulated on the internet then the chances are that I was already subject to office gossip. I secretly got a thrill from knowing that people I work with were probably seeing photos of me nude and getting touched up and of course masturbating to an almighty climax.
As the day got closer I was still nervous. In the end I said to Brian just before we left to go to the party, "You know I might only let Betty's husband touch me up this evening, the rest can watch that and see me nude for a while but that's it. Will that be alright with you?"
"Of course Steph, whatever you want to do." He said with a little smile on his face.
When we arrived at Betty's home she introduced me to her husband and I immediately slipped off my coat, I wasn't wearing anything under it. His eyes opened wide at seeing a nubile, naked lady before his eyes. Betty said, "Happy birthday Darling, Steph here is part of your birthday present. She likes to be touched." His eyes opened wide again at that piece of information and not for the first time I had to guide his hands up to my tits. I turned around so my back was to him and again placed his hands on my tits. I had focused on him entirely so this was the first chance I had to see the others gathered for the celebration. While Frank as I found out his name played with my tits and found the twin buds of my nipples I realised that the managing director of my company was carefully watching a junior member of his staff, naked and getting felt up. I smiled at him and he smiled back. Frank finally got the message that there was more of me to touch and his hand slid down my body and along my slit, he found my clit and began to rub it. I was getting aroused already, bloody hell. I gave him a few minutes of enjoyment and then pulled away.
With that, Mr Perkins my MD waved me over.
"Hello Stephanie, my you're a pretty girl. I don't suppose I could have a feel."
How could I refuse the MD of my company?
"Of course Sir."
He reached down and his hands quickly covered my tits. I saw more people from my company. Trevor who was in charge of the warehouse, Ian who was another pen pusher like me, Barry who ran the IT department, Mary from accounts, and Janet who drove the company's forklift truck.
When Mr Perkins had finished with me Mary was there and without asking started to feel me up in a lovely way. How could I refuse her, I didn't want my colleagues to think I only let Mr Perkins feel me up because he was the boss now could I, besides which it all felt really nice. I spotted Brian with a beer in his hand, he raised his glass in salute and nodded to me and I suddenly realised why he had smiled at me earlier when I told him I was only going to let Betty's old man touch me up. He knew me so well and once I started down my sexy path there knew there would be no stopping me.
Eventually, I think every single one of my workmates got to mess with my body along with the rest of Betty's friends and family. My arousal was as usual causing me a need to cum so I lay back on the sofa spread my legs and began to rub my pussy. It took a while but eventually those orgasmic feelings took over my body and as usual I gave vocal support to my writhing body, fucking lovely. I received a very polite clap for my performance. I spent another hour at Betty's, naked but without being molested, had a couple of drinks, and then Brian took me home where we engaged in a very enthusiastic conjugal activity.
On Monday arriving at work I'd expected some awkwardness or some ribbing, but nothing happened. Perhaps as time wore on my colleagues might be brave enough to talk about the little exhibitionist slut in their midst or were they simply embarrassed to have enjoyed messing with my body in front of the others, who knows, who cares.
The only comment was from Betty, "Great show Steph, what a little star, thanks."