"It has been a long day." Sandra says to herself as she looks down at her mid-length skirt, conservative blouse, and flats. She hands her keys to the valet at the club as she murmurs under her breath, "I need a release."
Climbing the stairs, she searches her purse for her membership card. She finds it loose amongst all the other necessaries stored in the seemingly bottomless pit. Sandra doesn't like coming to the club dressed so casually, but after the endless meetings and phone calls in her job as an executive assistant, she didn't want to go home then double back for her evening's entertainment.
The doorman allows her entry into the grand foyer. It is busy on this Friday night. Sandra remains at the edge of the crowd, working her way to the hallway to the left of the foyer. She moves a few feet into an opening between cliques of chatting members in order to get a glass of champagne and quickly retreats back to the edge.
One thing that Sandra likes about this club is its layout of entertainment. The right wing allows members to participate in the activities. The left wing is more, intimate, for lack of a better term. Each room is for certain activities like in the right wing. However, it is more for exhibitionism. Once a room is taken by an individual, couple, or small group, no one else is allowed to enter. Members that want to be watched or participate in activities access the rooms from the first floor. Those who only want to watch, have the viewing rooms on the second floor in each wing.
The left wing is where Sandra is heading tonight. She just needs a quick release before going home.
Sandra reaches and moves down the hallway to the servant's stairwell at the end. Once upstairs, she moves down the corridor looking at the placards for each viewing area. Tonight, the viewing choices are: Hetero couple, male couple, female couple, threesome (2 males, 1 female), threesome (2 females, 1 male), master/sub, female masturbation, male masturbation.
She stands at the end of the corridor pondering her choices; trying to decide what she is in the mood for. After a few minutes, Sandra decides that she wants to feel full. She goes back down the hallway, to the third door on the left: male masturbation.
Only one of the six rooms is occupied. She takes the room furthest from the occupied one.
All the viewing rooms are decorated the same. The paint on the walls is dark. A small, dim light is over the door. Floors have a dark ceramic tile. They contain a plush armchair on a platform and a small table with tissues. One-way glass looks down into the room.
Sandra drops her purse in the chair as she moves to the window. Another nice feature of the club is the tech used to enter the main rooms. Members must use their member card to enter. In the left wing, when a member enters, they have the option of having their real first name displayed to those viewing their activities or they can put in an alias. The person below is identified as "Daniel."
Daniel is just settling in and positioning himself on a leather chaise lounge after placing his suit jacket on the back of the lounger. He appears to be in his late twenties and fit. His dark hair is cut short and he is clean shaven. To Sandra, his face resembles a younger Gerard Butler, but with a wider nose and rounder eyes. His wire-rimmed glasses are becoming on his face.
Daniel reaches to grab his beer from the chair-side table. He takes a long drink, emptying over half the glass. He sits back and relaxes for a minute, kicking off his oxfords.
He reaches up to his neck, removes his tie, and tosses it haphazardly over his shoulder to rest with his suit jacket. With nimble fingers, he opens the top three buttons of his light gray long-sleeve shirt exposing the top of his white undershirt. He idly strokes his chest over the shirt. His other hand is rubbing his thigh, slowly.
From her vantage point, Sandra can see the front of his pants begin to tent. She wonders what he is thinking about, who he is thinking about. She mimics his actions on herself, gently rubbing her chest above her breasts and caressing a thigh.
Daniel's hand is now rubbing a larger path from his neck to his belly. The tent in his pants is much more prominent now. The hand that was rubbing his thigh has moved to rub his cock through his trousers. After several strokes, he undoes his belt and opens the fly on his pants. He draws his hard cock out and pushes the front of his boxers down. He reaches in his pants and pulls his balls out.
Sandra gazes as his length and girth. "Yes, that would fill me up nicely." She quietly says to herself. She sits in the chair and matches his posture as best as she can. Pulling the front of her longish skirt up, she begins to rub her pussy through her panties.
Daniel puts some lube from the table onto his left hand and takes hold of his hard member. He starts at the head, slowly rubbing circles around it. His right hand resumes the light up and down strokes on his chest and abdomen.
Sandra, up in her room, rubs slow circles around her clit. Her other hand matches Daniel's in the light movement from her neck, between her breasts, on down to her bellybutton. She feels goosebumps rise on her skin.
Below, Daniel has stopped fondling the head of his cock and is now stroking himself. His stokes are short from below the head to about halfway down his length. His right hand has moved to his balls where it appears he is tickling them with light touches.
Sandra slides her hand into her panties. She runs a finger up and down her slit, feeling the moisture beginning to gather. Her other hand begins to tease a nipple.
Daniel's strokes lengthen, involving more and more of his cock. His fist tightens a little more each time. On one upstroke, he uses a thumb to spread the precum around the head. He resumes his stroking. The hand playing with his balls is now rubbing them. He occasionally takes them in hand and pulls on them.
Sandra lifts up her hips to pull the back of her skirt up (would be embarrassing to leave a wet spot) then slides a finger inside of herself. Her wetness makes the invasion easy. As Daniel increases his pace, she adds another finger, then a third. She is matching him stroke for stroke. Her impending orgasm is beginning to make itself known.
His head leaning back on the lounge chair, Daniel fucks his hand. His hips thrust upward at a fast pace. Sweat starts to bead on his forehead. Abandoning the fondling of his balls, he slides his hand under his shirts. Sandra can see he is playing with a nipple by rolling it between his fingertips and pulling on it.
In contrast, Sandra's hand is fucking her. Her three fingers pound into her. The thumb of her hand makes regular contact with her clit. She uses her other hand to press on her mound, enhancing the sensations and bringing her to orgasm faster.
Daniel suddenly stops stroking his cock. He tightly holds it at the base. Then with one, two, three quick jerks, his seed begins shooting out. Some lands on the chair, some on his pants, the rest oozes down his member and dribbles onto his balls.
Upstairs, Sandra presses harder on her mound and curls the fingers inside her upwards to hit her g-spot. She throws her head back and stiffens as she comes. Her legs tense up, straight out, her back arches. With difficulty, she suppresses a scream of pleasure.
It takes a few minutes for them to each catch their breath. Afterwards, they clean themselves up; she by wiping off her fingers and getting her clothes in order, him by wiping up the visible ejaculate, tucking himself back into his pants, and putting on his suit coat. The tie goes into a pocket.
They gather their things and leave their rooms.
Once downstairs and waiting for the valet to bring her car, Sandra realizes that "Daniel" is in front of her. As he digs into his pocket for a tip, his tie drops to the ground. She doesn't say anything. He gets into his car and leaves.
She picks up his tie and puts it into her purse. A souvenir.