When my husband and I started vacationing on St. Thomas, in U.S. Virgin Islands, we stayed at a small, "out of the way," lower cost resort called the Island Beachcomber. It's maybe 50-60 rooms and is right on the beach with a great open-air Tiki bar in the courtyard. We were staying at a more expensive place in St. John for our second week, so the Beachcomber was good for the budget, plus being very laid back with a very secluded beach.
The first couple of days we just spent on the beach there and had drinks at the courtyard bar before we either went out for dinner or stayed right there for a lighter fare. There were usually any number of other couples sharing the beach, but it never was really crowded. Even when we were at the bar, there were seldom more than five or six other couples and a number of singles, and other than sharing pleasantries, most pretty much kept to themselves.
About mid-week the "Sixth Fleet" landed, literally, the aircraft carrier USS Eisenhower was in port and there were sailors everywhere in town. Late afternoon, Joan and I were sitting outside our room, and we noticed that a number of them had taken rooms at the Beachcomber and were planning to enjoy a few of their shore-leave days here. They clearly planned to party a little and the two young sailors who had the room right next to ours told us they were hosting a late evening event outside their room tonight, right after the bar closed. Now, the bar closed at 10:00ish so they assured us this was not going to be some kind of "after-hours," all-night bash. They seemed like really nice guys and even promised to keep it down and encouraged us to let them know if their partying was bothering us. "And please join us for a drink, if you'd like," one added, and sounded very sincere in asking.
The guest rooms had old, noisy, and inadequate air conditioning and were more effectively cooled by the sustained ocean breezes. The windows had wooden louvers to let the air in and keep the sun out, and there weren't any curtains. So, at night you basically had a choice of total privacy in a warm room, lots of cool night wind and little or no privacy, or some compromise between the two. This wasn't a problem during the day; you couldn't see into the rooms since they were darker than it was outside. At night our solution had been closing the slats while we got ready for bed, then opening them when the lights were out, and we were in bed. With the louvers open, you could hear the sounds of the ocean which helped lull us to sleep.
After being at the beach all day, I'd taken a long, relaxing shower and the room was now quite hot and humid. So, I decided to forgo my underwear for the time being and just put on a lightweight sundress. It was white with a black fishbone print and was one of my favorites for informal island wear. Dave and I opted to sit out on our patio for a beer in the cooler air. The evening breeze felt divine, and one beer became two as time passed.
We noticed the beautiful, bright setting sun on the western horizon highlighting the bar. It was getting busy with the group of regulars, we now deemed the "civilian" guests and probably 12-15 sailors gathered around and talking with drinks in hand. We decided to join them, and after introductions the sailors shared where they were from, marital status and their plans post-navy service.
While I was probably old enough to be most of these guys' mother, I really enjoyed the playful banter with them, and they certainly took their turns teasing me back, all in good fun and good taste. I was virtually the only woman customer making any kind of effort to interact with the sailors, and it was clear they were receptive, if not hungry for any kind of female attention.
The woman tending-bar, Rosie, was early-30s, very cute and noticeably busty in her somewhat revealing halter-top. Her short-shorts and flip-flops accentuated her long, muscular legs. She also had the perfect personality for keeping the group from getting out of line yet having lots of fun with them. With her sexy good looks, witty sense of humor and more than a little good-natured flirting, I imagined she would end up with some phenomenal tips for the evening.
Rosie captured the attention of the 8 or 9 guys seated at the bar, while the other 8 or 9 who were standing or sitting at tables had now turned their sights on me. These sailor's salty, seafaring humor had found its match in my sharply honed feminist wit, and we were all having a great time with our good-natured verbal sparring.
While my feminine ego was also reveling in their rapt visual attention, it hadn't immediately dawned on me that I was standing facing these sailors with the still bright setting sun directly behind me. No doubt at least those seated at the tables could see all of my female form right through my thin white cotton dress. This took on even more meaning when I also remembered that I wasn't wearing any underwear. I decided it was probably well past time for me to sit down, and to do so carefully to avoid any overly revealing up-skirt or down-blouse exposures. Having realized my wardrobe vulnerabilities, I found myself experiencing some noticeable arousal in my nipples and feared a visible wet spot could appear on the seat of my dress. The sailors verbal jousting had evolved into some benign flirting that included some respectful compliments about my attractiveness and my figure. All still very tasteful.
Things got louder as the beer and rum punch went down and nearing the 10:00 closing time we decided to head for our room. I kicked-off my flip-flops and we sat outside the room in the cool breeze and had another drink, then one more, so we were pretty relaxed when we went inside.
It was still pretty hot in the room, so I opened the window louvers wider to let the night air in and we kept the lights off. Dave convinced me we should get naked and relax on the bed. Obviously, it didn't take me long to undress. Being quite warm we kept still and listened to the sounds of the ocean and enjoyed the cool breeze coming through the window now. As we lay there in the dark, we could hear maybe 8 or 10 of the sailors come back to the room next door to continue their after-hours partying. They got a little noisy but nothing we would complain about; these were sailors in service to us all and we wished them a good time. in fact, we kind of enjoyed overhearing them talk about their day. The cool breeze wafting across my sweaty breasts brought out my nipples again, and the thought of the open window and these young handsome sailors just outside added to my growing arousal.
Dave got another beer for each of us, and we listened to their conversation on the patio outside our room. Much of their talk was about Rosie the barmaid and how they were all in love with her. They discussed how nice her figure was and how she could probably teach them all a thing or two; the kind of things you'd expect sailors to say, but they weren't at all vulgar or demeaning in the way they talked about her. They were just lonely sailors and probably a little horny from being away from home and wives or girlfriends. Remember, these were the ones who weren't downtown trying to find or rent "companionship."
After a while they quit talking about Rosie and to my complete surprise began talking about me, and how nice I had been in talking to them and my not being threatened or put off by their presence and good-natured flirting. Then one of the guys said how he thought for an older woman I was really "hot." I took no offense to the "for an older woman" comment, because I was at least 20 years older than most of them and if they thought I was hot, I felt flattered and more than a little bit aroused by their assessment.
They all discussed this for a while and the bottom-line sentiment was that while they might like to "fool around" with the barmaid, they would be content with just seeing more of "what was hiding under my sheer dress." They talked about hoping I'd be at the beach tomorrow and hopefully in a skimpy bikini. One of the sailors asked if anyone knew if the beach allowed topless sunning. Others weren't sure but surely hoped so. "It would be really nice to see Joan topless on the beach, those nipples poking out were amazing" one of our neighbors offered.
That caught my attention! I wasn't sure if I had heard right, so I kept quiet as they continued to discuss their appraisal of me. They used words like natural, normal, nice, sexy, and appealing. One of the most sexual things said was that "I bet her sweet little tits are real too," which I took as a way to differentiate me from our friendly barmaid. I have to say the combination of this flattering talk and the alcohol was starting to have more of an effect on me. It wasn't just sweat that was making me wetter.
Neither of us said a word and after a while I assumed Dave was asleep. Again, all this talk about me had gotten me excited enough that I started thinking of a way to have a little harmless fun repaying our sailors for their arousing compliments. Since Dave was sleeping, I couldn't ask him what he thought of the idea. So, I very gently got out of bed and went into the bathroom and quietly closed the door and put a towel on the floor so when I turned on the light it wouldn't be visible in the bedroom. I adjusted the window louvers to be closed just enough that it looked like I wanted privacy, yet open wide enough that our neighbors could see into the room if they were to position themselves just right.
I turned on the light and then turned on the shower as I started to brush my hair and preen while standing in front of the mirror completely naked. I was fully exposed to the partially open window, and the sailors were now completely silent. Too silent! It was obvious to me they had discovered the gaps in the window louvers; it would literally be impossible not to. I got in and showered. While the shower stall door was at a 90-degree angle to the window, once I stepped out, I was in plain view of the window, again clearly exposed to anyone even casually looking in. I knew the sailors must have been anticipating this and soon would get a second look at me. I found myself getting more turned on with the idea of my making these guys' rather modest and non-threatening fantasies come true. The beach dress code be damned, these sailors were going to get their wishes to see my tits and more tonight.
After a few more minutes I turned off the water, opened the shower door and reached for a towel which give them a profile view of my still naked body. I continued to listen to the deafening silence outside while being excited by knowing they were most likely seeing every inch of me. I took a long time toweling dry and gave them some great views of my 36A breasts as my arms were raised high as I dried my hair. Despite the room being warm and steamy, my nipples reacted as if it were January in Iowa. As I worked my way down with the towel, I bent at my waist to dry my legs and feet with my backside to the window. I just knew they were getting a great view of my butt and likely more.
After about ten or fifteen minutes of bedtime ritual I turned out the light, opened the door and crawled in bed beside Dave. As I snuggled up I was excited enough that I started to caress him as I continued to think of the show I must have put on. I soon discovered that he was as aroused as I was, and he responded by putting his hands all over me and adding to my excitement. When he put his hand between my legs he found out quickly how turned-on I was.
After an incredible session of making love, we both fell asleep without saying anything about our next-door neighbors or anything else for that matter.
In the morning we got up, and sat outside having coffee, all the while saying nothing about the last night. After a half-hour or so, our neighbors started to stir and two of them came out to have coffee on the patio next to us. The deferential looks they gave me were very telling. They merely asked if they had been any bother at all last night.
"Not one bit," Dave said before I had any chance to speak up.
After the sailors left, Dave casually asked me if I had gotten up to take a shower last night. "Yes," I said, "I needed to cool down."
"The way you came to bed, it seemed like you did more heating-up than cooling-down," he replied smiling at me in a way that led me to believe he had a pretty good idea of what I had been up to.
"Did you turn those poor, innocent sailors into 'Peeping Toms?'" he asked while nodding his head toward me..
"I think I might have. I'm not sure I got the blinds closed all the way," I said timidly. "It was awfully hot in there."
"You want to talk about it?" he asked.
I was pretty sure now he knew exactly what I had done, so there was no point lying about it.
So, I said, "I need to confess," and gave him the unabridged version of my performance.
"I need to confess too," he said, "what do think gave me the raging hard-on I had when you came to bed? The thought of those dozen guys seeing you naked was a turn-on like I never would have expected."
"I don't know what got into me," I said, "the thought of those sailors, those young guys wanting to see me naked just stirred something up. And there really is something about a man in a uniform. I hope you're OK with me?"
"More than OK," he said. "You deserve to be recognized for the lovely, sexy and most desirable woman you are."
I don't think either of us wanted to talk about this more, for fear of getting into something negative or ruining what was a fun experience for both of us.