I know some will view this with distain.
I made a choice and I'm not ashamed to admit I enjoyed and continue to enjoy my pleasure.
When I came home from the birth of my daughter I found evidence my husband had entertained women in our bed. That is a difficult to over look or forget.
Fortunately I was able to maintain my body after the birth and I certainly had a different attitude toward my wedding vows.
I began to see other men in a way I quickly became accustom to.
I sought out reasons to delay coming home from work. I flirted, teased, found I was wanting others to admire me as the woman I was.
My body had always been my best feature. I caught men looking at me, many from the eyes down and seeing glances of my breasts. I wasn't a freak, I didn't breasts too large to be uncomfortable in business clothing. Just breasts that open doors with men who actually had found reason to be in my company.
I wasn't sure I wanted to delve into dating others, or even accepting invitation for a drink after work. Well, at least not initially.
I love the sun. The warmer the better. I find it an aphrodisiac to allow every precious ray to tan by body. All of my body.
I often took afternoons off in the summer from my position as a department manager for a large local bank for credit life insurance. I could go in after hours to tally the figures.
My son who had just graduated from high school was working over night at a local newspaper. He would get home around the time my husband was going to work as a foreman for a construction company. Often he was out of town in other cities and it provided me the time to indulge myself with laying out on our deck.
My son would usually sleep until four in the afternoon so I had the privacy to do I as wished as far as what to wear.
I would usually come home, strip down to a thong, pickup my sun oil, and dark sunglasses and be on the deck by one o'clock. Sometimes ice tea, or a wine cooler would be my refreshment for the day.
I knew some of my son's friend would often come by to go out to the local Hooter's before he went to work but that was never before late afternoon.
I guess I was napping, laying on my back, and didn't hear the arrival of his fiend, Kent. He must have come into the house and up to Mike's room to get him up early. I really didn't realize what was happening until Mike came on the deck to tell me he was leaving with Kent to go to a sporting goods store to get some fishing equipment.
The dark sunglasses was actually shielding his face and my initially didn't know Kent was in the sliding glass door, looking at me. It was too late to show modesty so I told him to be come back before he went in to work.
Mike had seem me tanning topless a multitude of times and I guess he didn't know his friend was watch me. As Mike and I chatted I watch Kent, smiling and showing no indication of waiting for Mike in the house.
Was I ashame my son's friend had seen me? Should I have fake an attempt to grab a towel, which I hadn't brought out to cover my breasts?
No. I wasn't.
I thought about it. He was a young man. My son was 18 so Kent would be also wouldn't he?
As I got up to get a fresh glass of ice water, the cooler air of the interior of the house caused my nipples to harden. Or was the cool air? Smiling to myself I like the idea of being seen, and hopefully admired by a younger man.
My husband was out of town, in Washington D.C., to direct the hanging of the panels produced my his company, so I had a period of time to plan my next move.
I couldn't get Kent off my mind. I admit being almost 20 years his senior did wonders for my ego.
That night I slowly masturbated to thoughts of being more devious...
I could wait, but not for long, to test Kent's intent.
That Saturday, hubby away, Mike at home and going fishing, I again took my sun oil, dark glasses, and wine cooler to the deck. This time I took an extra towel, just in case.
Around 4:00 I heard Mike's truck in the driveway. A few minutes later he came onto the deck to tell me they didn't have very good luck. I glanced by him to the door but no Kent. Was I disappointed! I glanced up to Mike's bedroom window to see him looking at me.
I said since his father was gone, maybe he should invite Ken to 'stay over' and we could go to a waterpark the next day. He liked the idea. I hope Kent did also.
Mike went up to clean up. I grabbed the tanning oil and began to cover my breasts. I glanced up to see my admirer watching. I casually sipped my fingers into my thong to oil my pubes. I was so wet I wasn't sure whether it was oil or my own juices.
Ten or so minutes, I decided to go up and take a shower. Entering the house I could hear the shower running. upstairs. Wrapping the towel around me, I went up to the master bedroom. Setting at my makeup table I began an attempt to untangle my hair with a comb. I adjusted a smaller mirror to view my open door.
I saw my son leave the bathroom with a towel wrapped around him. Thinking Kent had already showered, I stood up, removed the towel only to find my new friend walking, naked, into the bathroom. I don't really know if he saw be, I was almost sure he hadn't, but I had viewed one of the most beautiful cocks I had ever seen in my life. This teenager was more well hung than my husband or Mike.
I moved into my own bathroom and stepped into the dry shower and quickly found my wet pussy with my fingers. Closing my eyes, I fingered myself, thinking about that wonderful tool simply a few feet away.
I couldn't get it out of my mind, but realizing my son was in his room, I finished, shuttering, and waited until I heard the water stop.
I took a shower with thoughts of discovering Kent's body myself, soon.
I dressed in a coverup, and met the guys downstairs. I couldn't keep my eyes from going to Kent's. He smiled and said he was going to run home, pick up some things and return in an hour or so.
Mike was playing one of those video games on the television.
I fixed myself a drink and sat with him.
I finally got the nerve to ask if he was embarrassed for him to have Kent seeing me sunbathing. Not taking his eyes off the screen, he said not at all.
I know that's not a 'go ahead Mom, and showing him everything' comment but who was I to disturb him as he played his game.
I slept nude that night, with the door open, but no lucky enough to see Kent peeking around the door frame.
Damn!
To be continued...