I was awake first again in the morning. And again, I had a lot to process. So far this holiday I'd learned that my wife loved looking at dirty pictures, then that she had no problem getting fucked outside. Next was accepting she was fine with finding out that people had watched her getting fucked, and that she'd so seamlessly moved on to sucking cock, swallowing cum and masturbating for an audience.
The latest development was by far the hottest yet. My mind explored the knowledge that Katie had enthusiastically taken the fucking I gave her. She'd been very obviously all the more aroused because we were not alone. This was quite easy to come to terms with. The real bombshell, for me, was that Katie had made it abundantly clear what she really wanted and craved. She needed more than two. Not wanted, needed. More than two men. More than two cocks. She wanted a roomful of guys, in her own words. A roomful of hard cocks. Any of them, all of them, were welcome to cum in her mouth, over her body - maybe even inside her beautiful slippery cunt. She'd love to eat all of their cum, she'd said it herself. She craved it.
During the time I was speaking to Franco, Katie had spent a lot of time with Emilia, all the while going through our hosts' extremely explicit pornography. Emilia was staunchly proud of her past, and Katie was somewhat in awe of what she'd done. We'd witnessed Emilia perform almost every sex act there was a name for, and Katie had lapped it up. As the sex got more depraved, so my wife became more fascinated.
And now we'd been told that Emilia and Franco had a back catalogue of pornographic films, which we were looking forward to viewing immensely. And Katie had agreed to pose for some photos of her own for our host. Katie loved this idea, and had started looking forward to it as soon as it was agreed.
So, the question I had to answer, again, was: what did I think of all of this? I separated all of the things Katie had done and which I'd decided I had come to terms with so far this holiday. It was a growing list. Being topless in public. Being naked in public. Masturbating for an audience. Sucking cock for an audience.
So now to that I had to add: Being fucked for an audience. Posing naked for pictures, taken by someone other than myself. But all of this, all of this was nothing in comparison to the real question. Katie had expressed a burning desire to fuck strangers, to suck their cocks, to swallow their cum. She had no limit on the number, it seemed she was happy to accommodate as many as could be made available.
All of the other stuff I knew I was fine with, one hundred percent. This was now the burning question. I asked myself how I felt about it. Katie was stirring now. She looked beautiful as her bleary eyes cleared, and she planted a long, loving kiss on my lips.
"Morning!" she smiled. I had my answer, just with that kiss. But I thought it best to talk it through - mostly because putting things into words seemed to help us both. Katie in particular loved hearing a graphic description of where I was, now that was such a good place.
"Hi, sexy. How are you this morning?" We actually hadn't drunk as much last night, which made things even more exciting, as it wasn't as easy to blame the alcohol for her slutty behaviour.
"I'm feeling so good. I slept like a baby," she grinned. "Been awake long?"
"A little while. I've been thinking about how you were last night."
"All good?" We were way too deep for it not to be.
"All good," I smiled. "Every morning you're giving me something new to come to terms with though."
"Sorry," she smiled, pushing her slim, soft, warm body against mine.
"No, nothing to be sorry for. How fucking hot was that, last night?"
"Which part?" she smirked.
"Well, all of it. But how about getting fucked in front of an audience, for starters."
"That was you. You didn't even ask!"
"True. You didn't stop me though. And you fucking loved it."
"I know! It was so hot. I loved that, you can do it whenever you want. Just tell me what to do, I guarantee I'll do it, whatever it is."
"I know you will. But I never expected to see you scooping my spunk out of your cunt, and then licking it up from your fingers," I made it sound as blatantly dirty as it had been, I was feeling more and more able to talk frankly like this with my wife. Katie didn't flinch.
"And I swallowed it, like a good girl. It was so hot!"
I was, as I seemed to have been for this whole holiday, rock hard again.
"So, the thing that's playing on my mind now, I need to understand just how much you meant it. You know, when you were talking about other men. You got pretty specific."
"Did I?" She put on a mock innocent expression, as if that would ever work again.
"You certainly did. Let's recap. Unless I'm mistaken, you are very keen to get fucked by an unlimited amount of men?"
Katie giggled.
"Well, unlimited sounds like I have endless stamina."
"I think you might!"
"Well, who knows. If it's what you need to know, in my mind, I think spreading my legs and inviting any number of men to fuck me sounds like a great idea - does that help?"
It turned out that it did. Hearing Katie talking like that removed any lingering semblance of doubt from my mind. The conversation with Franco had helped - knowing he was more than OK with this sort of thing, and in fact credited it as the reason for their long lasting marriage, was validation that settled any doubts I had. I was with her one hundred percent in this.
"You like to hear that, don't you Dan?"
"I think I do, tell me more."
"Well then, this is interesting." I had started to fuck her, very slowly. "Where do I start. You really want to hear me? My fantasies?" I nodded.
"I don't think I knew a lot of this myself, but spending this time with Emilia has really helped me understand - that it's OK to be thinking this stuff. And if you don't like it, that's your problem."
"I like it though," I smiled, fucking Katie harder. "And I had a really interesting chat with Franco, while you and Emilia were talking. Helped me realise that I need to make sure you have everything you need. And I'm going to."
"OK. Well remind me to thank Franco later." Here's the first one. You know back home, when you were getting all jealous that everyone in the bar is looking at my arse. Well that's exactly what I want - always. I want everyone to look at my arse, my tits. I want everyone to think of me when they are wanking themselves off."
This hit home a little, as it took me back to a time when this scenario was a serious problem to me. But I loved that she was being totally honest now.
"OK. I knew this was in you, I could sense that you loved feeling all eyes on your beautiful body. And I hated it, you're right. Now, though, now I guess I feel like I understand it, that we are in it together - it feels totally different. I want everyone to look at you too. I want everyone wanking over you."
"Do you really?"
"I do," I nodded. It was completely true. "Knowing what you have got going on in that head of yours, and that we can talk about it, like this, it feels absolutely like something you should be wanting.
"This is so nice," Katie grinned, some more of the last remnants of bad feelings we'd built up after four years of uncommunicative marriage disappeared. This holiday had been a wrecking ball to the wall we'd spent so long building, between us.
"So, when we go out, I'm going to start dressing up a bit more. Maybe we'll go a bit further from home, so people don't know us. But I'm going to be dressing much more slutty. Stockings, suspenders, no knickers. No Bra. OK?"
"Sounds amazing.". As her mind wandered, Katie's hand slipped down her body and her middle finger began gently massaging her clit, as I continued to slide in and out of her. I watched on with no small amount of reverence.
"I've been meaning to ask, I've never seen you play with yourself before, before this week."
"So?" Katie challenged with a sexy scowl. "How many times have I seen you wanking during our marriage?"
It was a good point.
"It just feels natural now," she explained. "I feel comfortable." The implication was clear. She hadn't been comfortable before. I understood completely, because now I realised I had not been comfortable either. I absolutely was now.
"Well, I love it. You have my approval to do that whenever you feel the need. You look fantastic doing it, and it looks like you cum really easily."
"I do. As it turns out, all I needed to get in touch with that side of myself was getting all naughty with you."
"You mean getting a licence to strip off in public, to fuck anyone you feel like?"
"Well, just talking about it is enough - for now!" I was still only inside her about a third of the way, I knew that pushing any more deeply would result in a very quick conclusion, which I wanted to avoid for fear of spoiling the day - who knows what I might be required to do later?
Katie, though, thrust her hips upwards, causing my cock to penetrate her almost all the way. It was all I could do to resist slamming into her in reply, but I managed to restrain myself and withdrew, laughing at the little frown Katie gave as my cock slipped free of her.
"We need to get going," I reminded her.
We'd agreed to meet with Franco and Emilia at their home, which was a short walk down the hill. Katie spent quite a bit of time in the bathroom and then in the bedroom, making sure we'd be at least twenty minutes late. But it was worth it when she emerged.
She'd put her brown hair into sexy bunches and opted for scarlet lipstick. All she wore was a tight, short minidress which bore a green and white pattern.
"Underwear?" I asked.
"Nope!" she smiled, pulling up the front of her dress to prove it. This also showed me something else new.
"Shaved!" I noted, with a hint of excitement.
"Yep!" she laughed. "I thought I'd give everyone a surprise."
The photoshoot was slightly delayed, as Franco wanted to use his old camera. Emilia had gifted him a top of the range digital SLR camera only last year, but he'd not worked it out, and for an occasion such as this had decided to go with what he knew.
This would have meant a much smaller number of photographs, with time required to develop them, and a lot more work. I managed to explain the benefits of using the new digital camera, and, once I'd gone through the manual, which luckily had an English section, all was good.
Franco was amazed to find that once the memory card Emilia had also purchased was inserted, he could take thousands of pictures before running out of storage space. And so, he set about doing justice to my wife with his camera.
Over the coming two days, Franco diligently photographed Katie in every imaginable pose. They had a beautiful patio area, quite a large pool, and a beautiful water feature, featuring a fountain. Her green minidress made for a good start, but soon Emilia started coming down with what looked like a department store's worth of outfits. She'd never thrown out any of her old clothes, and it seemed the two girl's proportions weren't too dissimilar - Katie of today and Emilia from the nineties. As such, Franco pictured Katie undressing from some superb outfits. Leather corsets, frilly lace maid outfits, expensive looking gowns, slutty nurse outfits, tight leather trousers.
The poses ranged from superbly classy to downright filthy. Each costume change reset things, and she'd go back to the sophisticated, elegant angel, before clothes were discarded and more and more was revealed, inevitably ending in my wife spreadeagled, brazenly stretching her pussy wide for Franco's camera, or fingering herself. It wasn't just clothes which Emilia had stored away. She had a large range of sex toys, all of which were sampled as Franco snapped away.
On occasion I was also called upon to give Katie a stunt cock to work with, and she was snapped sucking cock and being fucked in hundreds of pictures, Franco assuring her what a 'Puttana' she was throughout.
It hadn't exactly been something I'd considered before, but we both felt completely at ease naked and having sex in the sun with these two near pensioners watching on. For most of the second day I watched on completely naked and often erect, as I was frequently called upon to join Katie. Emilia occasionally came over with a drink, and it was liberating to accept with thanks, whilst slowly wanking with one hand, trying to make sure I was ready when called upon.
I was particularly intrigued to see Katie to the butt plug so much, which she'd found in Emilia's box of tricks. It was solid metal, with a silver coating, with just the exposed end which protruded from her anus glittering with some green and yellow jewels which were set into the base. She eased it inside herself at the beginning if the second day, and it stayed there pretty much the whole time - even as I fucked her on the edge of the fountain.
We'd never experimented anally at all, and this was the first time I'd seen Katie do anything with that particular orifice. I wondered if this was a result of her long, intimate conversations with Emilia. Its presence made her feel tighter and changed the feel of fucking her significantly.
The proclivity of the toys meant barely an hour went by where Katie didn't bring herself to orgasm, and once Franco realised the camera would also record video, this meant all of her most intimate, intense moments were captured for posterity too.
The evening after each shoot was, as usual, spent drinking wine and looking at Emilia's pictures in Franco's bar. And each evening, once the other guests had left, Franco had put on some examples of the video work Emilia had done. We were blown away, much like the men Emilia got her hands on.
Franco hadn't been joking when he told me that women like Emilia needed a lot of attention. The fewest number of cocks I saw Emilia handle, from the fifteen or so videos that we watched, was ten. On one occasion she was passed around what must have been over thirty men.
And she very, very obviously loved it. As one cock reached its limit and began to fill her mouth, she was already looking for which one would replace it. If a penis slipped from her hand, she blindly felt around until her fingers were able to grasp another. From five minutes into each video, her face and hair bore the evidence of her handiwork, which gradually accumulated - men continually ejaculated in her and over her as they saw fit.
Emilia had also announced, in answer to the question we'd asked a few nights previously, that she'd been with a total of forty-one men at one time, and over the course of her career they estimated that she'd brought over four thousand different men to orgasm. Both Emilia and Franco glowed with pride at this tally.
It was the morning of our last full day in Italy. As usual, we were contemplating the events of our holiday so far. Emilia's sheer appetite had really opened my eyes.
"It's not just you. It's changed my view on things a bit too," Katie was saying, as we discussed Emilia's count, which had initially appeared to shock even my slutty wife. "If, you know, 'before', if you'd asked me what a woman who had fucked four thousand men was like, well. It wouldn't have been Emilia, anyway.
"I know. Nor me." I agreed.
"But, you know, they were doing this stuff for more than twenty years. It's only four a week, over that time."
I snorted.
"You work that out on the calculator?"
Katie nodded solemnly.
"I wasn't going to do it in my head, was I. I'm just going to say this. If you were to ask me if I'd be OK fucking four men a week, I'd be OK with that." My cock twitched.
"Actually," I retorted, noting I was as into this as much as Katie now, "That seems quite low. I guess it's because she was doing the magazine stuff, only four or five men, most of the time, for years before she started doing the videos."
"Only four or five men!" Katie squealed with delight.
"Yeah. I've been convinced by Emilia and Franco that women like you need a minimum of ten at a time, if there's any hope of you being satisfied." Katie loved this and did not disagree at all. She worked out that, if she could wait until every other week, she could have eight, and pondered which was best.
At this stage in our relationship, Katie had slept with a total of four men in her life. Since our marriage, that number was one - me. We both however understood that this was going to change. It was just a matter of when, and how. As it turned out, the time was sooner than we thought.
"I think we should get a gift for Franco and Emilia," Katie had suggested. I agreed, Quite apart from the bar tab which it seemed was now completely forgotten, this old, experienced couple had transformed our marriage - our lives. So we went into the nearest large town, which was a short bus trip away from our little village.
Katie was wearing a dress I'd not seen before, and it was amazing. It was a virgin white halter neck design, similar in my mind to the famous dress Marilyn wore on that subway shot all those years ago. But it was more revealing, the inner curve of each breast clearly on display, as well as the outside curve, if she leaned a certain way. I suspected if it had been worn on a red carpet, some stylist or other would have made it safe with tape or safety pins, such was the likelihood of 'wardrobe malfunction'.
From the waist down it was ankle length, but sported two splits, right to the top of each thigh. This meant that a bare leg was revealed with each stride, before disappearing as the other one came to the fore. I knew that she would not be wearing any underwear, meaning her freshly shaved pussy was very likely to be available for a tantalising glimpse, if you were lucky enough to be looking from a certain angle.
"It's lovely, being totally smooth down there," she'd mused as she walked. "The splits in the dress, and the air coming in with each step, if I close my eyes, I could be totally naked from the waist down."
Having spent over an hour looking at ornaments, paintings and other such things, we hadn't found anything suitable. We both wanted to express our gratitude for everything Franco and Emilia had done for us. We walked past the car repair garage for what must have been at least the fourth time.
"You've got an audience," I commented as we passed by. There were several mechanics working away on the forecourt, and it was noticeable that the work rate decreased the closer Katie was to them.
"Oh really?" Katie smiled, temporarily distracted from our search for a gift. She stopped and gave me an amazing, passionate kiss, lifting her left leg out through the slit in her skirt and wrapping it around me very deliberately.
"You'd love them to get an eyeful of your tight little cunt, wouldn't you, Puttana?" This was my new nickname for my wife (it meant 'Whore'), and she loved it when I or Franco called her by it.
"Maybe," she winked. Her eye caught a sign in the window of the shop next-door to the garage. Luckily, the office supplies shop's sign confirming its services had some information in English, or we'd have missed it. 'Digital photography printing'.
We had over eight thousand high resolution pictures on my camera and on the cloud, diligently taken by Franco over the past few days. What better way to thank him than with a photo album (or albums, Katie had suggested, excitedly. There were far too many great shots to condense down to just one book).
Franco and Emilia were of a generation which didn't get the digital age. But they did, very much, appreciate a photograph of a beautiful, sexy woman - even more so if she was engaged in a sexual act of some kind or other. Here was a method of getting some physical prints done for them, to say thank you for everything.
The shop was manned by a young guy of, at a guess, around nineteen. He was typically Italian looking with short, dark hair and olive skin. I was hoping there would be a self-serve machine, but it seemed the digital printing service was one which required assistance.
"Buongiorno," Katie smiled as she walked up to the desk. I decided to leave the talking to her, which she was more than happy with. "Do you speak English?"
"Just a little," smiled the young man, admiring Katie's stunning dress.
"Great. We're looking to get some digital pictures printed out - can you do that?"
"We sure do," the young man said. Not for the first time, I marvelled at the command of the English language those who considered themselves to know 'just a little' actually had.
"OK. But here's the thing. Do you cater for, erm, personal pictures?"
"How you mean?" queried the man.
"You know, private pictures. The sort of thing you might not want everyone to see."
"Oh. I don't know. I guess, well I mean, I don't know if we have a policy." He clearly hadn't fully grasped what Katie was getting at, but he was also very interested in what he could see when she (deliberately) leaned in such a way that her breasts became very slightly more exposed.
"OK. How much for one of those?" Katie was pointing at a photo album, very similar in style to the ones Franco had stacked up in the back of the bar.
"Three Euros," he replied.
"OK. We'll take four."
Four, I wondered. That would be quite a lot of pictures. But Katie had this.
"I'm Katie by the way," my wife replied, offering her hand, which was shaken with some confusion. "How many pictures can you get in each album?" she asked.
"Giuseppe," replied the young man. He looked at the back of the album.
"It say forty standard size pictures."
"Right then. So we're going to need one hundred and sixty prints. I might ask for a few bigger ones, but how much would that be?"
Giuseppe tapped some numbers into a calculator.
"Fifty-six Euros."
"Fifty-six! Seems a bit expensive. Is the price negotiable?"
"Sorry, lady. It's thirty-five cents each."
"OK. And how does it work - how long does it take?"
"You give me the pictures now, I have them printed for you tomorrow evening."
"Oh, well that's a problem. You see, we are flying back to England tomorrow night. There's no chance you can get them for today?"
"Sorry, no."
When we'd arrived, the boy had been idly flicking through a magazine. It was only just after midday. We both knew it was possible to get this done in this time. Katie knew full well his attitude would change once he realised what he was dealing with.
"OK, maybe we'll go for a smaller number. Let's see - how do we do it?"
"You can give me a card with the photos on, or email them, or just plug in here and drag them over." he handed her a USB cable. Katie plugged it into my phone. All of the Photos Franco had taken would be available, as my phone connected to them on the cloud where they were safely stored. On the monitor which Giuseppe had rotated around, the contents of the phone slowly loaded. After a few minutes it was done.
I'd already organised Franco's work into folders, with the date, time and title. So, Katie started towards the beginning.
Giuseppe made a very poor attempt to look like he was keeping his cool, as the picture of Katie, hands on hips in her green minidress, loaded. Her hair was up in those cute bunches, and she had the most wicked smile on her face. Both of her breasts had been pulled free and the material of the dress squeezed them together and pushed them obscenely towards the camera.
"Is this OK?" Katie asked. "Will you print it?"
"Oh, I see. Yes, OK, yeah, no problem." His eyes never left the screen.
"I think we need to make sure of this, before we go any further. Do you see what I mean by personal, private pictures now?"
Giuseppe nodded instantly, still not disengaging from the topless picture Katie had selected.
"Well, this is one of the few that you might call 'soft', if you know what I mean. From here, the pictures are going to get much, much more private, and much, much more personal. Is that OK?"
Katie was having a wonderful time, and so was I. I was fully erect, as I seemed to have been for most of my waking hours during this holiday.
Giuseppe nodded again. No man in his right mind would have done anything else.
"Right then. So, we've got to select only one hundred and sixty. That might take a while. There's no point in doing this if we can't have the pictures all done by the end of today though, Giuseppe. Is there anything you can do for us?"
Katie crossed her legs so that her naked left leg emerged from the split in her skirt. His eyes flicked down to her bare flesh, then back to the screen where she stood proudly in her tiny dress.
"Sure, I think I can. I'll do my best."
"That sounds wonderful, Giuseppe." Katie purred, grabbing the mouse again. She recrossed her legs from the other side, meaning both legs were now completely bare, a small strip of material covering her shaved pussy. And she frequently leaned forward ridiculously low, the only purpose being to ensure that her nipples could be glimpsed.
Over the following twenty minutes or so, Katie took Giuseppe through the entire collection. As soon as he'd realised just how explicit the material got, he was putty in Katie's hands. The culmination of the selection process was when she asked for an A4, full-size print of her, bejewelled butt-plug inserted, taking my cock deep inside her on Franco's fountain.
"One more left," she pondered. "I'm torn, I'm thinking this one... or this one. What do you think?"
The choice was either Katie squatting, pussy gaping open slightly from the fucking I'd given her, taking a thick stream of my sperm in her mouth, or one from the following day, where I'd ejaculated all over her face and hair as she pushed a large dildo deep up inside herself.
Giuseppe opted for the one with the dildo, so the choices were made. The A4 print alone would have cost three euros, but somehow the price for the whole batch had changed from over fifty to ten Euros, including free delivery to Franco's that evening. I suspected, if she'd been so inclined, she could have persuaded Giuseppe to pay her for the privilege.
Looking over Katie's shoulder, I noticed one folder which they had not gone into, which was the folder of videos. Obviously, these were no good for printing, but I knew Giuseppe would be interested.
"Katie, show him some of these," I said, knowing how much she'd enjoy this. I leaned over and double-clicked on one of the files. In super-clear, very explicit detail, we watched in silence as Katie, butt plug still very firmly inserted, eased a dildo into herself, two fingers sliding urgently back and forwards across her clit. She was very obviously experiencing intense pleasure. Then the dildo was pulled free, and her hand continued to rub her clit urgently as she enjoyed one of the many orgasms she'd given herself that day.
Katie flashed her wicked smile at me, she loved that I'd thought of showing Giuseppe this.
"What do you think, Giuseppe? Do you like that?" she enquired, smiling sweetly at him. Giuseppe simply flashed a look at her, as if she was mad. Of course he did.
"Good, that's nice. I really enjoyed it too. And I do appreciate your discretion, but that doesn't mean you can't keep some of these for yourself. Actually, I think I'd like that," she smiled. "Feel free to show your friends, just ask them to be careful. And..." she leaned over the desk and reached down towards his crotch. Her eyes locked with Giuseppe's as her hand found what it was looking for.
"Ah, that's nice. I just wanted to check I'd got you nice and hard. I'd be a bit worried if I hadn't! See you later!" We turned and left, Giuseppe agog and I assume as erect as I was, Katie smirking, revelling in the havoc she was causing.