Author's note: All participants in this tale are over 18, most being well over. In addition, all people and businesses are fictional.
***
New clubs needed talent, so I was humbled when Ben asked me to work the opening of their Soho strip club, which they called, 'The Soho Hoho House'.
All of their establishments were named in a similar fashion, like the Bootee House north of Baltimore, the Boston Tea House in the Historic District of Boston and the Jade House in the Chinatown district of downtown Philadelphia.
This was extra special, being their only club on the Island, where everything has to be the best.
Bruno was coming, to oversee the security, while the Management Duo of Ben and Shannon brought what I thought was their three top ladies, Sharon, Pam and little old me.
We had our best costumes with us, but only Sharon was considered good enough to do the main stage. She had been working on her Pole Act for weeks, while Pam was a great Stripper, she was probably only there because Sharon wouldn't have gone without her. I was there, because I was young, curvy, and very smart. At least that was my thinking. My friendship with Shannon probably helped too.
We were in direct competition with The Purple Pimp, and only a half mile separated us.
After the announcement of the grand opening of the Soho Hoho House, the Purple Pimp advertised that they would be having a half price weekend. Ben wanted to follow suit, but Shannon stopped him.
"We are a Premium House, not a Discount Store!" she insisted.
On the Thursday before the opening, Ben and Shannon did a radio interview, with a very trendy daytime radio and internet show. The program was broadcast from downtown Jersey City, so they didn't have far to go, but they had to be there at 3 a.m.
Johnny West was a legend in broadcasting, and he was never shy or conservative. He had one show every day, which they taped at 4 a.m., then edited out a lot of material for the morning crowd at 6. They ran the show on the internet, with video, so Ben had to wear his best going to church suit, while Shannon wore her lowest cut little red dress.
We had been working out together for six months, and Shannon proved to be more dedicated than I would ever have believed possible. She had twins that had just turned 13, but she was working hard to keep her husband interested in her, and to keep the empire growing.
Johnny worked them over a bit, suggesting that they were out-of-towners, and wondering if they could compete with an established place like the Purple Pimp.
Ben cringed noticeably when he heard the name of his competitor, but Shannon perked right up and jumped on the question, like she had prepared for it.
"Johnny, we are not in competition with the P.P. Club, they are a high priced club because they are very stiff and formal, but we are high priced because we are in a high rent district, and we have the best Dancers, the best Servers, the best Bartenders."and we are the safest club of this type on the Island."
"Well, aren't you worried that their offer of half price drinks this weekend, will keep the people away from the Soho Hoho House?" Johnny asked, while Ben smiled at the mention of his business.
"Well, of course there will be no cover charge, Mr. West, but the Soho Hoho house will be showing it's dedication to the City, by donating $20 dollars for every guest, to the local Women's Shelter, while I will be serving drinks myself, and I will be donating all of my tips to the Women's Shelter in my home town of Hoboken," Shannon replied, while Ben stared at her.
They had agreed in advance, on the $20 dollar compromise, but there was no talk of Shannon working.
"You have topless service Mrs. Stewart, are you saying that you will bare them for us?" Johnny asked, while leering at Shannon, who was 31 years old to his 73.
Shannon turned from the camera, and pulled the straps off of her shoulders, revealing a very nice pair to the legendary host.
Shannon had implants in both breasts when she started stripping at 18, but after she had the twins, and Ben's sister, a talented California Surgeon, saw the hack job that some East Coast Doctor had managed, she insisted on a slight reduction in size, and a firming of the muscles, then she fixed the scar tissue from the previous botched job.
Johnny and Ben both appreciated the view, as did two Producers and a three Stagehands.
Late that night, they were surprised to see that there were more cameras than they had noticed. In fact, there were a dozen still cameras with no cameramen, and they were all at the disposal of the editing crew for the night show.
We got to the club around 6 on Friday, two hours before opening. Bruno dropped us, then moved to our indoor parking and jogged back.
Capa had been training Portia for two weeks, first at the Gingerbread House, and then the Hoho House. She was still a bit slow on the various magic machines that brought us the light shows, while still delivering the music and the Dee Jay service, so she stayed back home, while Capa covered the opening.
I had no idea that Gina was going to be there waitressing, but I should have guessed. Gina was working as an intern for an internet startup, which gave her nothing to live on for the first 6 months, when she would either be passed over, or hired as a junior associate. Her degree was in Sociology, with a minor in Marketing, so I'm not sure of her career path, but I was sure that I liked her, and she was very easy on the eyes.
I was wearing my Austrian Maid outfit, while Sharon wore my Tinkerbell costume, with the special wings, that Karen had developed. Pam wore a Flapper outfit, straight from the 30's, and she was perfect, with a Page Boy haircut and an upturn corset that made her look thin and busty. Her nipples turned slightly upwards, making her appear younger than 26.
Ben started the meeting by stressing the need to be professional, but friendly enough to be distinctly more homey than the PP Club.
He was going on about the rules for the skyline rooms, which they called Xanadu Suites, when Shannon stepped into the main room.
All eyes turned, and Ben stopped talking, while we all stared at Shannon, in her little red thong and high heels.
I had no doubt that she was pulling her stomach in, but she looked so good that I pulled my stomach in too, as did most of the other ladies, and the men too!
She was the oldest woman in the room, and if either of her kids followed her example, she'd be a grandma in two or three years, but she was so sexy that I could feel my juices start to run as my clit tingled with desire.
Gina was next to her, and she had a smile of her own and two very nice tits to go with it. She had gold glitter on her breasts, and an outline of red stars around each areola. I wanted to tweak those nibs!
Ben stepped down from his stripper stand and came over to his wife, then pulled out a 20 and stashed it down the front of her thong, gave her a kiss, and whispered in her ear.
I felt a little teary, as I knew how romantic this gesture was, but others gave a cheer.
We did not expect a giant crowd, after all, an average drink was $20, while a table dance in the main room was $20 and a trip to a Suite required a credit card and a $500 minimum for drinks alone.
Bruno was not out front, but he had a direct line of sight with the Greeting Ladies, that helped patrons to check their coats, then took them to a table and introduced them to their waitress. These ladies were actually a part of the Security Team. They were all retired from the Military or Law Enforcement, and they knew how to look for weapons. They were not cheap, but they were Bruno's pride and joy.
We also used very discrete headsets to communicate orders to a full kitchen and bar, so their drinks would be at the table in under a minute.
Almost everything was done by credit card, and a 20 percent tip was added to everything.
This was a club for fun, you might entertain clients here, but the business was sex. Great booze, secure and private if you need it. Cell phones were not to be used inside the club, and photography was forbidden, unless expressly allowed for a special occasion.
Johnny West showed up, with one of his Producers, and a fine looking young woman in her mid 30's. She was attached to him at the hip, but the young male producer was never that far away either.
Bruno must have seen him arrive, and used his com's to have the Greeter bring Johnny and his crew to a table that Shannon would serve. We knew the Legend would arrive early, or very late, since his show required his attendance at 4 a.m.
"Mrs. Stewart, you are the best looking woman in the house!" he announced with his loud professional voice, drawing the attention of everyone in that section of the main room.
"Thank you kind sir," Shannon proclaimed and bowed slightly, for dramatic effect. His eyes just couldn't leave her magic mounds.
"Of course there are some parts that I can't compare with the other beauties," he impishly implied that he needed to see her pussy, to make a fair comparison.
The Producer ordered for everyone, as if that was beneath the Mouth.
"Can I get you a drink Dear," the wily old fox asked, while settling into a plush cushion.
Shannon nodded to their waitress, who whispered into her com.
"Thank you Johnny, but I am not an entertainer, I am working as a server tonight, and I must warn you, that none of our staff plays sex games with our Patrons," Sharron sternly lectured, "Our talented Dancers, do play sex games, and you should feel free to play with them."
Poor Johnny went from pleased, to disappointed, and back to pleased as he now felt that he would see some action!
"But we do expect you to play by the rules, Mr. West, and we do our own recordings, for safety reasons only," Shannon continued while circling her finger above her head, towards the 'eye in the sky' monitors that we had throughout the house.
"Well bring on the Ladies, and bring on the games!" Johnny proclaimed then high fived his Producer.
"We reserved a private booth for you Sir, would you like to see the main show first, or head straight up to our Xanadu Rooms?"
"At my age, I look for paradise wherever I can find it, Lovie", Johnny answered.
Sharron called over a Greeter. "Jandra, please escort this group to Xanadu 3." With a hushed voice she shifted her com to security and called for Star and Heather to entertain in room 3. They had reserved these two for unexpected VIP's, and Johnny certainly qualified, since the word of 'The Mouth' is lined with money!
The drinks were delivered to Shannon, before they got to the elevator, and it was certainly full when the group of four were joined by Shannon, with her tray held high. Her perky tits were like beacons, in the tight quarters, but it was a modern people mover, and the doors whisked open after barely 60 seconds.
The speed of the elevator was deceptive, as they were propelled 12 floors, where you became a part of the skyline of Soho.
The doors opened to a secure sitting room, with two suited security members, casually standing by.
They were delivered to the suite labeled 3.
Heather and Star were standing there when the door opened, totally naked, silhouetted against the night sky.
"We heard you were anxious for paradise, so we got ready for you Johnny," Heather squealed, and they both jumped and laughed, while their pert young tits bounced with joy!
Shannon set the tray down and transferred the beverages to the table.
"Enjoy, and please indicate when you need food or drinks, and we will try to accommodate your needs," and with that Shannon backed out of the room.
Ben watched from across the main room, as his wife welcomed the most important man of the night. When the lift doors closed, he alerted the two ladies in room 3, then went to the security room, to see what unfolded.
These two liked to work together, and they acted like they knew the young lady that Johnny had on his arm this week.
They pulled the arm candy up onto the stage with them, and started to strip her. She responded by grabbing and pinching whatever juicy piece of flesh that came close.
As the thong came down, the Producer pulled his cock out of his pants.
"I need The Mouth," he howled.
Exposed dick was usually grounds to be expelled, but this was a special case, and the full privacy gave the club a little more leeway. Nevertheless, the security team went to the door of suite 3, to ensure the safety of the women. They needn't have bothered, since these two experienced performers could handle themselves very well. They were not there to suck dick though, so they stood with their hands only on female tits. They didn't mind that there were fingers in each of their pussies, but they did not know what to expect next.
Johnny fell down on his knees like he was still 30, and he took the stiff cock into his mouth and started giving head!
Ben turned from the monitor in the security room, confident that Johnny was going to have nothing but good things to say about the Soho Hoho House.
Shannon came in and watched the action for a minute.
"I need a stiff one," she purred into her husband's ear, while reaching in front to see if her man was alive, and home.
Kathy sat in her custom wheelchair, watching the monitors, and moving a few of the standby people to cover the house completely, like a chess player. Of course she heard her bosses, but they were not her concern, and she was a professional.
Shannon took Ben by the hand, and they headed for the office. When she got into the back room with her husband, she noted that the camera was active, with the green led just visible, if you knew where to look.
Shannon dropped Ben's pants to the floor, stopping him before he got to the desk. He turned as Shannon knelt. He knew how much his wife liked to suck his dick, and he marveled at his luck as she pushed his stiff dick into her mouth.
"Oh my, you must have seen something you liked," Ben choked out as his cock expanded to its fullest. His wife's tits were fuller and more defined today than he remembered, she was probably fasting again. He vowed to make sure she was getting some good nutrients, other than his cum, but with the thought, he just became harder! Shannon forced him to cum, she demanded it, and would not be denied.
It was just the way they did things, in the Stewart household, daddy comes first, then mommy, then it's a free for all! Ben always came first, because his wife was so fucking hot, that he simply had no choice.
Shannon moved to the desk, which was kept more or less clear of obstructions. She landed on the edge, just as Ben got his pants clean off. She waited while her out of shape husband pressed her back, flat on the desk, then he knelt to give his own performance.
Shannon gave her breasts a careful squeeze, pulling her pleasure to the tips of her upturned globes, then giving the nubs gentle pinches.
Who knows what wicked thoughts went through her head, or maybe it was just desire for her partner, but Shannon really started to climax, and it could only be contained by modern architecture and loud music. Ben pressed into his wife's pussy with his own lips, as he scrubbed her clit with his fingers. Shannon put her hand over her husband's hand, to acknowledge his efforts and to set the pace that her labia demanded.
"Oh I'm cumming," Shannon burst out without even knowing she said anything. "I love that long tongue, Oh, Oh, Not in my bum Sir!" A little roll playing never hurt, Shannon figured, as Ben moistened his index finger and rimmed her ass, then gently pushed it into Shannon's butt as she climaxed again.
Kathy casually looked around, at the other monitors but she soon returned to the office video feed.
"They are the perfect couple, aren't they," Shylo mused from the coat room.
"Oh, my God, you scared the fuck out of me Shylo, how long have you been spying on me," Kathy whaled.
"Long enough to know that your panties are wet," she responded with a knowing smile. "Mine are too, do you want to see?" Shylo asked, while peering closely for signs that Kathy liked her.
"That's a nice offer Shylo, thanks, but I prefer a stiff soldier to a soft chick, if you know what I mean," Kathy grumbled, as a former military technician she was used to all the stiff soldiers she could handle, before the chopper crash. Now all she got was sympathy, and sad eyes.
"Did you know that I am in training to be a Sexual Therapist?" Shylo quietly asked. "Are you able to enjoy intercourse?"
"The men that I want to fuck, are all very physical guys, and they are now afraid that they will hurt me, and I know they want someone that can flip them over and give as much as they get. They don't think that I can handle my end," she cried.
"I assume you have had extensive therapy, to prepare your upper body for the new demands that they now take care of," Shylo asked, having studied many cases involving military trauma, and recovery.
"Oh, I can squeeze a tennis ball until it bursts, but I still have no legs," Kathy confided, "You better let me get back to work though Shylo," and with that she was back to being a professional security consultant.
Shylo was far from finished though. She was sure that she could peel that scab, and help one of our military guardians to live a better life.
Shylo had seen enough to know that there was more than just stripping going on here.
She knew that the Stewart House rented two floors below the Xanadu Suites, but there was no obvious use for those dozen or so rooms.
The next morning Shannon joined Shylo for their customary Sunday workout. The School's pool was packed, with the heavy spring showers keeping the joggers inside.
Four lanes were set aside for doing laps, and there was a lineup to run the gauntlet, up and back, up and back, in a back and forth pattern.
Each person had to time their dive, so that they did not catch the person in front of them as they raced the course, but if they failed to close the gap, they were ridiculed by other regular users for wasting pool time.
Shylo usually let Shannon go first, then waited for her to reach the other end before she dove in, to chase her.
"Come on love, let's go," one cheeky observer opined.
Then he jumped the line, and dove in front of Shylo, taking after Shannon.
Shylo observed his technique then calculated her next move.
When the jerk got to the far end, she waited for him to turn and see where she was, and then she leaped, like the near Olympic athlete that she was.
Knifing into the water, she undulated her torso, to get that Phelps kick. When she made the turn, she saw that her antagonist had reached the far side, but just barely. If he was a trained swimmer he would save something for that last leg, but Shylo could tell an athlete from a swimmer, within two strokes, and this guy was probably a baseball player.
She tagged his foot half way through the final leg, but she didn't rub it in. Shannon was well out of the water before anyone got to her, but this poor bloke had to listen to the jeers and hoots from the other serious swimmers. Most of them knew not to play with Shylo, at least with the swim suit on.
"I owe you an apology ladies, I was not only wrong, but you convinced me that I am a jerk, and I should buy you dinner, at least," the chiseled young man had me from word one, but I needed some time with my employer before rocking his world.
"I doubt that my married friend even knew she was being chased," Shylo responded, "but I don't mind saying that you have a great ass, so if you don't mind treating just little ol' me... I suppose I'm available."
We had a date and time set, so we were left alone for our recovery lap.
Afterwards, Shannon was relaxing in the sauna, while three guys lay back, just watching her, hoping for a chance to say hi.
"Did he get your number?" Shannon asked.
"Dinner at 7, Jordan will be in my pussy by 9," Shylo confidently proposed.
"You are the most wicked friend, but your stories make me so hot, Ben would give you a bonus, if he only knew where it was coming from!"
The lingering entourage lifted their heads, as if they might be needed.
"Okay, what's going on at the Hoho?" Shylo came right out and said it.
"Well, I see you've figured out that something is up, so why not tell you sister," Shannon started. "We just sold our investment in the Soho Hoho House for 6.5 million dollars," she explained, and there was no joke on her face.
"We had about $300,000 invested, but someone offered us a shit ton of money, and we took it." Shannon was just about glowing, with the pleasure of a deal very well made.
"As you figured out, twelve suites below the skyline were being used by professional women, to make a lot more money than we could make stripping, so we sold it to them!"
"So it is now a house of prostitution!" I was inflamed by Shannon's naivety.
"Officially I don't know that, and if it bothers you, then don't work there," Shannon suggested, with some passion, telling me that she understood the line that they had crossed, even if it was circuitously.
"As long as the staff know what they're involved with, I have no problem with that, you know that I believe that they should decriminalize prostitution," Shylo pulled back and decided to feel happy for her friends' windfall.
"We will consider them an Associate House, until they screw up, and get caught with the wrong person's dick in their mouth, then we will cut them loose, and so it goes!" Shannon had it all figured out.
"So what comes next, Mrs. Stewart? More strip clubs, or more brothels?" Shylo queried.
"Well, we do expect to sell our Boston property for at least that sum. We had to purchase the property, and as a functioning whore house, it's a gold mine! If they can keep the law out for a year, they will easily recover their 10 million!" Shannon laughed, but soon returned her attention to the sauna, and our three male interlopers.
"Is that guy masturbating?" Shannon asked, but she knew the answer.
We broke up the love-fest simply by leaving, and they didn't follow us into the locker rooms.
"I did get an interesting email from the girls today," Shannon had her own news.
"They just got a new sailboat, and they want to put some advertisement into our clubs, bringing in both strippers and 'clients'. What do you think about that venture? Is it prostitution? Can we be involved?" Shannon had her business hat on again.
"It's a win-win! Your staff gets a stress free week in the sun, while your patrons get a chance at fucking a stripper! That is the thing of dreams, for most of them. They are priced right too, so your average Electrician or Used Car Salesman can afford a week of bliss. Shannon had really discovered her knack for business, so Shylo was confident that her friends in Belize were going to get a boost from the North, very soon.
"I am going to buy an island down there," Shylo admitted. "I will eventually have a large complex, and people will go there for sexual healing."
"That sounds like an expensive dream Shylo, how are you going to pay for that!" Shannon asked, while shaking her head in amusement.
"First I'll build it, and then they'll cum," Shylo claimed, with the confidence of the young.
Monday was a trip to the Veteran's Administration for Shylo, she had friends there, having worked with social workers for more than two years.
"We don't really give much thought to their sex life at the V. A.," Janine admitted. "It's sad, but the Military often treat it's finest young men and women, like sex does not exist for them, only a love of country!
"I need a young man that has lost the use of his legs, but he doesn't let that stop him," Shylo inquired. "Someone that can show my friend that you can still be physical, without having the use of your legs."
Janine brought me through the various training rooms, where mostly young men worked on their damaged bodies.
"This is Todd, Shylo, he is a physical therapist, and he lost his legs in Afghanistan in 2007.
Saying he lost his legs was no understatement, there was nothing there.
"Todd, Shylo has a friend, ex military, and she has lost confidence in the bedroom, what would you advise?" Janine did not waste any words.
"Is she cute," he responded, with a shit eating grin.
Shylo asked Janine to leave it with her, so she went back to work.
"Does your equipment still give you pleasure Todd," Shylo matched his verve with a spunk of her own.
"I would certainly enjoy showing you, who would be giving who pleasure, little girl," Todd insisted, with the confidence and strength that one would expect from any Marine, ... with legs.
Shylo gave a full report to the eager soldier, hoping that his experience would suggest an obvious answer to the problem.
"I would enjoy the opportunity to work with her, but I can't promise anything," he wisely counseled. "If she still has her legs, she has a jump on me," he stated the obvious.
A date was not set, as Shylo commissioned Lieutenant Brad Foster with the task of making first contact. "She has rank on you buddy, so you had better tread carefully," Shylo advised.
"The Marines go where no man should go," Brad insisted. If it's a tumble she wants, I'll show her how to use what she has. The rest will be up to her," Brad was such a cocky young warrior. Shylo wondered if she should give him a call, after Kathy is squared away of course.
"Now, young lady, can I interest you in dinner, then a slow walk along the river?", the handsome young officer asked.
"Hmm, I guess I could eat," Shylo purred, knowing where this was going to lead.
When Todd put his prosthetic legs on you would think that he had legs. His balance was so perfect that he looked to be floating, and the girth of his chest and arms would convince anyone not to tangle with this tiger.
"I was only left with one functioning testicle, but it learned to work harder," Todd explained, while continuing to drive Shylo to another orgasm. His upper body held him over top of his beautiful lover, as he did long slow strokes into her dripping pussy. Every once in a while he would do another pushup, with a deep suckle of a tit as his reward.
"Oh, don't cum yet soldier, I feel another one just on the horizon!" Shylo moaned as another orgasm took hold of her. This slow fuck took a long time to deliver, but when it did, it was electrifying!
"Take your time Princess, I'm the luckiest man in the world right now," Todd whispered.
Shylo ran her hands over the muscles of this gorgeous man, lingering on his pecs, which barely showed signs of fatigue, with a light sheen of sweat. Shylo arched upwards and licked one of his nipples, but it was solid, like a bronze statue, the other proved to be just as firm. She reached around to grab some ass, and found that muscle to be a little less firm, and very sexy.
"I hope you don't mind, but I want to see how much cum you deliver, so please don't hold back," Shylo wanted to make sure that this wasn't just about giving her a good time.
Todd smiled and doubled his speed, without appearing to put any extra effort into it.
"Looking into those blue lusty eyes, I could cum whenever I set my mind to it Shylo, you are a fucking dream!" Todd got louder as he reached the end of his claim, fairly shouting out the last words as he forcefully climaxed.
His eyes rolled back, and his mouth fell all the way open as the convulsions filled his torso.
"Wow, you even cum sexy," Shylo laughed out loud.
Eager to see the results, she scurried out from under the spent Marine, to pull the condom off of his spent weapon.
"Yes sir, your single nut is doing a good job, Lieutenant," Shylo claimed while examining the load with a clinical eye. "Consistency looks good too, but how does it taste?
Todd wisely let her answer that question for herself, as he lay back to await the results.
"Hmm, saltier than some, with a hint of battery acid," she teased as she spent the time to clean his tool to the extreme that a Marine would require.
"You better not see Kathy today Todd, I'm afraid that you won't have anything left for her," Shylo whispered.
"I can assure you, that you are the only one here that is thinking about another woman Shylo! You truly are a giving therapist, young lady," Todd murmured. "I will call her tomorrow, but for now, let me show you how I do it doggy style, with no legs!"
We had a late night.