Next Day...
Ashley now had no clothes and was a total disgrace to her family and herself. She was now a slut. Her parents took all her clothes away and is now forced to go everywhere with a vibe in her ass at all times and must be completely nude everywhere she goes. Her parents sent a letter to the school describing what happened and the school agreed to have her naked at school.
The next day after her humiliating exposure she remembered everything clearly. The forced orgasms, public humiliation, and millions of people who saw her naked on tv and in person. She woke up naked and it was Monday, which meant there was school. Her mom comes to her room realizing she is already awake and says, "time for school Ashley". Ashley, the public slut, was actually turned on with the humiliation, surprising herself. "O and here is the vibe you must put in your asshole when you leave the house and have it on all day, slut". Ashley was surprised she was using words like this. She went downstairs where her dad, Julia, and her mom were eating breakfast getting ready for the day. Ashley's dad says, "good morning slut, I see you are already turned (seeing ashley's nipples harden) on by all this.
Julia, mom, and dad all stare at her nipples as she blushes and tries to cover up.
"No you cannot cover up, slut," says mom.
Ashley puts her hands down and serves herself.
Mom says, "No slut, we must examine that you are all clean and shaven before you leave now bend over in front of us and spread your ass."
Ashley bends over and spreads her ass feeling herself get wet.
Ashleys parents spread her cheeks even more and examine that she is indeed bald as can be.
"Okay you may sit down and eat you have a big day ahead of you," says Mom.
Ashley eats then goes to the bathroom to brush her teeth and comb her hair.
"She was ready for the day".
She puts on her backpack on and waits for the bus. The bus arrives and she starts to head over to the bus with Julia when her Mom calls her and says "you forgot your vibe. Ashley goes to her mom in embarrassment as the whole bus looks out the windows to see that she is buck naked.
"Slut, you cannot forget this vibe, you will be punished now. When you go on the bus you must say you are Ashley the slut and bend down to the bus driver and put the vibe in your pink little asshole".
Ashley embarrassed says yes.
She then proceeds to go on the bus as kids laugh and mock her. She then tells the bus driver "I am Ashley the slut" and bends over and sticks the vibrating vibe in her ass. The bus driver in shock says nothing and Ashley tries to find a seat.
As she walks through the aisle the clothed students grope her tits and grab her ass, and the vibe was about to already give her an orgasm. No students get up for her so she stands and then the vibe starts to take control, her knees begin to shake, as students take pictures and video. Students around her touch her tits and bald clean shaven wet pussy. The stimulation from the vibe and the hands are too much for Ashley and she lets a scream and then an orgasm right when the bus arrives in the school. One students says, "i cant believe your getting turned on by this" and another says "look at her pussy its all wet"!
She now had to go into the school and to her first class, which was gym. Having a hard time walking out of the bus with the vibe still on and still being stimulated she heads toward the school where students in shock see this naked girl. Word got around fast of her naked state and the students had plans for her. As she arrived in the school she was getting stared at by everyone and phones were being taken out to take vids and pics. Ashley was actually turned on by all this and was in heaven. As she arrived in gym the teacher took attendance and the students looked at every inch of her beautiful body. The students went to get dressed, but Ashley just stayed in the gym for obvious reason waiting for the class to start. The first orgasm was a while back and the vibrations coming from her asshole were starting to get the better of her.
The class began and no one knew Ashley actually had a vibe in her ass. The teacher knowing what she did in the past told Ashley to lead the stretching for the gym class that had about 40 students in it. She bend down towards the class exposing her wet pussy and puckering asshole trying to hold the buttplug in, this position got her so turned on realizing that they all had a clear view her asshole and swollen pussy. With all the eyes glued on Ashley's puckering asshole and naked body Ashley could not take it. Ashley started to rub her clit in front of the class. The class was in awe and started to laugh and watch in amusement. She was spreading her ass cheeks now while fingering herself in front of the whole class, while the teacher did nothing! She felt an orgasm coming and her knees gave up as she fell squirting instantaneously with her ass up as if she was a fountain. Each classmate then went up and gave her ass a nice grab and slap before heading to their next class.
Ashley was covered in her own cum and that was only her first class.
Ashleys next class was Biology. In Biology the lesson was human anatomy. Ashley had a feeling where this one was going and was excited. The teacher told the class they were going to examine Ashley's body to get a great insider on the anatomy of the human body. Ashley exhausted and secretly excited got on the table where her boobs were first talked about.
"As you can see here, her nipples are hard and erect, this means she is most likely is being stimulated" Ashley then turns around and the teacher spreads Ashleys ass and puts his gloved hands on her vagina rubbing it.
"As you can see here Ashley has had a few orgasms already and you can tell by how swollen and wet her pussy is. The class then proceeds to touch as Ashley gets more and more horny.
The teacher then gets dumbfounded on why Ashley's asshole is puckering so much and tells the class to get a better look. I think there is something in her anus he says.
The class takes a closer look and then with no heads up the teacher proceeds to stick his hand into her ass and grabs the vibe. As you can see Ashley is a slut and loves to get turned on in public with this vibe. He then starts to finger her asshole and pussy and Ashley quickly squirts all over the table moaning. This is a slut, class, there are many but you won't find more of a slut than Ashley and sticks the vibe back in her asshole. Class dismissed. Class moans and head to their next class.
Ashley gets up her ass glistening in her own juices and steadily walks to her next class where she is then stopped by the principal. '
"Come to my office", he says.
Ashley exhausted from all the orgasms follows the principal to his office.
Hello, Ashley. I was notified from your parents that they want to extend the punishment of your humiliation as they know your vibe left your ass in last period. As you can see you are buck naked covered in your own.. well you know and you seem to be turned on by all this.
Ashley blushing, was actually turned on from all this and the vibe in her wasn't helping one bit
To extend your humiliation your parents want you wearing this leash and you must walk on all fours from while Mrs. Kane walks you class to class. Also, you will no longer wearing the vibe in your ass instead inserted will be this large beaded buttplug. And another thing you will not be sitting in any desk in class instead you will be in front of the desks and entire class with you head down and ass up showing everyone your buttplug and vagina and at the end of each class the teacher will remove your buttplug for the class and will get 10x slaps for each your asshole and pussy. You will then put your buttplug back in front of the class and crawl to your next class. And don't be late Ashley or you will be punished extra says the principal. For every minute late you will orgasm that many times when you arrive to the class you attend.
Ashley was in shock and was kind of excited that the school and her parents went this far to punish her. she couldn't believe what she was hearing. Hearing this was unexpected and extreme but for some reason she was turned on by this. To be humiliated in front of the school was so stimulating to Ashley.
Ashley puts on the leash and leans back to take the buttplug in front of the principal and hands it to him. Thank you he says now put in the buttplug, but go on all fours remember. She goes on all fours as she spreads her asshole for the plug. The buttplug was very big and Ashley in pain slowly puts it into her anus with little screams of pain. Mrs. Kane then comes in and greets Ashley and say to the principle out loud, "WOw she is the dirtiest slut I've ever seen", with a laugh.
"Haha yes she is" says the principle, "now go back to class".
Ashley heads to her 3rd period class late and as she enters crawling the class starts to laugh at Ashley. Ashley blushing was getting wet with the buttplug so deep in her asshole.
Mrs. Kane then introduces Ashley. "This is Ashley the pet, she will be in front of the class showing you guys her beautiful ass, spread wide for the whole class! She will be given slaps at the end of the class. The class cheers as they start to call her names, laugh, and talk about Ashley's body.
Ashley is then placed in front of the class and raises her ass exposing her swallowed up buttplug and wet pussy lips and then has the leash tied to the desk. Mrs. Kane then says, "Pictures may be taken in the end of class and no touching. Class may now resume"
The teacher starts the class and before you know the class is almost finished so the teacher stops the lesson so Mrs. Kane can punish Ashley. Ashley was so wet and everyone's phone were being taken out and they get so close to Ashley zooming in on her gaping asshole and hard clit and as well as her hard nipples and blushing face.
"Okay class, you can start recording" as she takes out the huge beaded buttplug, "O my god says Mrs. Kane as the class watches in amusement, your asshole is huge, class look how large the pets little asshole got from the plug" Ashley was now moaning from the stimulation and adrenaline she was getting from all the attention she was getting, she felt all the eyes on her private parts. Then the slaps begin one after another as the class cheers and applauds at Ashley's misery. The class then ended and she was sore as can be. Mrs. Kane then pushes the butt plug back in her ass as the class leaves and they head to their next class.
Ashley was now crawling with a leash around her neck right behind Mrs. kane in an extremely crowded hallway. Students walked by pointing out her nakedness and butt plug and the redness of her ass from the slaps.
Ashley was getting slaps in the ass left and right and was moving quite slow. By the time she arrived to the door of her class she was 5 minutes late. Ashley knew what that meant.
Mrs. Kane opens the door and Ashley crawls in with her big buttplug sticking clearly out of her ass. The class looked in amusement and some of the girls in disgust and what looked like a dirty slut.
The teacher says, "Slut, you are 5 minutes late so you will have to orgasm 5x for the class. The class cheers and Ashley turns red. Now turn around with your ass up high and show everyone how you finger your slit. Ashley turns around and starts to rub her pussy. Okay class let's start class. While class was beginning Ashley was in front of the class rubbing her clit. 5 minutes in she felt the first orgasm coming and started to moan as she got the attention of the class, classmates started to take out their phones and began recording her first orgasm. Ashley lets out a scream and squirts all over the floor.
One done, 4 to go. Mrs. Kane then starts to help by fucking her ass with the buttplug and Ashley was now in a mix of pain and arousal as she squirted again 3 more times for the class and was in her own puddle of cum. Okay class one more orgasm for Ashley. Mrs. Kane then take out her buttplug and starts to fist Ashley's asshole and then takes the other fist and starts to fist her pussy. Ashley's eyes roll behind her head on how good it feels as she squirt so hard and passes out on the floor. The class then applauded and cheered. Mrs. Kane then says the slut passed out from squirting so come and get a closer look at here if you want to get a good picture. Mrs. Kane then lifted her up and put her over her lap and spread her ass as the students came closer to touch and record. Ashley then woke up a few minutes later in the middle of this.
Ashley said, "what is going on" in a confused voice. Mrs Kane then responds, "you blacked out after orgasming for the class" as the class laughed. Ashley then blushed realizing she was still in school naked being tortured by everyone.
Ashley now had to pee and she was off to lunch. Ashley was a little confused and was satisfied with her abuse she was getting. Ashley secretly loved it. To be humiliated like this, to be the only naked with all these clothed people abusing me was something I dreamed about. Ashley now crawling through the halls told Mrs. Kane she had to go to the restroom. "You are pet now silly, you can't use the restroom. You will be for everyone in the lunchroom or hold it".
Ashley agreed and went to the lunchroom to once again humiliate herself even more than she already has. As Ashley enters the cafeteria all eyes are on her as they start to whisper to each other. Many of the students still couldn't believe what they were seeing. Ashley is then led to the middle of the lunchroom where she then stops. She then goes on her feet to bend down like a frog. Ashley's clit and shaved lips were swollen from the abuse and Ashley was surrounded by students at their table watching what Ashley was going to do.
"Mrs. Kane then unexpectedly says, "Gather around to watch my pet pee". The students interested, the majority of them, get up to watch and record Ashley. Ashley then starts to pee, it was like a water gun coming out so fast. Ashley could hear whispers from the students describing her as the biggest whore they have ever seen. She then finishes, as some students clap and some watch in shock and disgust.
Soon enough lunch ends and an announcement happens. The announcement says that everyone must report to the auditorium for an assembly that will finish the day. Ashley the public exhibitionist lover she is all excited to get to the auditorium where the whole school will be at once, clothed.
to be continued...