It was in October and cooler in Dallas, Texas where we lived. Jan and I had been married for 12 years and we had discovered, over time, Jan loved multiple sex partners and I like to watch. Let me describe Jan. she is a stunning green eyed brunette, 5'8", long beautiful legs, and 34-B tits with large nipples. Her nipples always seem to be hard. Jan loves to show off her body by wearing very short skirts, no bra, low cut sheer tops, and making sure men get a view.
This October we had planned on a trip to Cancun for a week to just relax, swim, and lay on the beach. We arrived at our hotel, the Cancun Hilton, and settled into our suite. We then changed into our swim suits and headed to the huge hotel pool which looked out over the ocean. Jan had brought several suits but today she wore a sheer white suit with a thong bottom and a top that barely covered her tits. Her nipples were clearly visible especially when her suit got wet.
As we got to the pool we noticed a fairly large group of young guys who were getting ready for a volleyball match in the pool. The guys all noticed Jan as she walked up and slowly entered the pool. Of course I was enjoying the attention she was getting as well.
One of the guys came over and introduced himself as Jack from Canada. Jack explained that his group of guys are pilots in the Canadian Air Force and were on R & R from training. He asked if we would like to join in the volleyball game. The only rule was if you missed a ball or hit one out of bounds you had to down a shot of tequila. We readily agreed.
Jan was on Jack's team and I noticed he was standing very near her watching her every move. Well as luck might have it, Jan miss hit several balls so she had several shots of tequila as we all did. Jan was feeling loose and started to really flirt with Jack by rubbing her tits against him and brushing her ass against his crotch. I noticed he was fondling her ass and tits as well.
Eventually we took a break and I swam over to Jan. I asked if she was enjoying toying with Jack and she answered "who's toying?" I asked if she wanted me to invite Jack to our suite for drinks and sex. She replied absolutely.
So, I moved over to Jack and said hey Jack, I noticed Jan loved you feeling her tits and ass so would you like to stroll up to our suite in a bit for drinks and some fun. Jack asked what kind of fun and I quickly answered "Jan loves two cocks at once." Jack smiled. I also asked Jack to get one more guy and we would tell Jan he would be there just to watch but I promised that Jan would fuck all three of us. I also requested he buy some condoms.
After playing volleyball a while longer and watching Jack and Jan rubbing all over each other she said that it was time to go back to the suite. I swam over and told Jack to give us about ½ hour. He said great and he had another guy for us.
Jan and I went to the suite where I cleaned up first. When I walked out of the shower Jan was laying out nude on our patio getting sun. I said the shower is all yours. She jumped in and washed and shaved her already nearly bare pussy even more. She dried off, put on some lite perfume, white sheer thong panties, and a short wrap kimono silk robe in an ivory color that allowed every part of her erect nipples to show.
After some time there was a knock at our door. Jan opened the door and there stood Jack and his friend Andy. Jan said oh, there are two of you. Jack laughed and said don't worry, Andy just likes to watch. That is when Jan wrapped her arms around Jack's neck and pressed her body against Jack and gave him a deep open mouth, tongue filled kiss. Jack ran his hands all over Jan. He felt her tits and nipples through her sheer silk robe.
Jan stepped back and dropped her short robe. She was a knock out standing barefooted, hard nipples poking out, wearing only sheer thong panties. Jack asks her to place her foot on the bed and slip her fingers inside her now very wet cunt and put on a show for us. She does him one better by removing her panties then lifts her foot to the bed and slowly running her finger down across her engorged clit and down inside her cunt as she cupped her breast and lifted her nipple to her tongue where she sucked her own tit while she fingered her cunt. All three of us guys had removed our clothes and were now stroking our hard cocks. Jan sits on the bed and pulls Jack toward her as she pulls his cock into her hot mouth. She sucks his cock like she will die if he quits. She is licking his cock and balls and then his cock goes into her mouth.
I walk over and lay on the bed so Jan can turn around and bend over the bed and suck my throbbing cock. As she does, Jack slips on a super Magnum condom and slips his enormous cock inside Jan's soaking wet cunt. Jack pounds her hard and as he does he reaches around to grab her tits and pinches her nipples. I then motion for Andy to come over and take turns at fucking Jan with Jack. Andy slips on a regular size condom and Jack backs up as Andy enters Jan. She notices the size difference and looks at me and smiles. Damn I love watching my wife fuck guys.
Jan is sucking my cock and I finally explode in her mouth as she swallows every drop of my cum. Jack slips back inside her cunt and slaps her ass hard as he pinches her hard nipples. She lets out a small scream as jack continues to pound her. Andy comes around and lays face up on the bed as Jack stands her up and forces her down as Andy's cock enters her tight ass hole. She says "damn that's tight" as Andy slides all the way into her ass. Jack slips his enormous cock into Jan's cunt for a double penetration. Both guys and Jan fuck hard. Eventually Andy shoots his hot load inside her ass with no condom on just as Jack unloads into his condom.
We are all relaxed and have a few drinks. Finally Jack asks Jan if she would enjoy a few more guys? To my surprise she tells him she would, maybe four more for a gang bang...