I've tried to write every chapter as a standalone story, and said as much, but I'm not sure it works this time. Storyline, and cast of characters getting complex. Feel free to start right here (and let me know how it goes), but if you're new to this, maybe you should start at the beginning.
I've also added a Cast (below) to help readers keep track of who's who. Not all of the characters appear in every chapter, there's even a couple that haven't turned up yet.
Cast
Steve Protagonist
Susan Carlson Steve's girlfriend
Randy Carlson Susan's big brother
Ellen Carlson Susan's mom
John Carlson Susan's dad
Lily Ellen's best friend
Kate Susan's other friend
Terri Another friend of Susan's
Bob Steve's high school friend
Wayne Steve's high school antagonist
Cliff Wayne's dad, Lily's husband
Barb Waitress at the Country Club
Simone Other waitress at the Country Club
Suzie Hostess at the Country Club
George Bartender at the Country Club
Bill Policeman
************************************************************
Steve
I got up Sunday morning to a pickup full of the last of the sod from the Carlson's house, and an unfinished patch in my parents back yard. For some reason, I didn't have quite the energy I had the week before, but after I had a quick breakfast, I got to it.
A while later, my mom came out to watch me. She was wearing the short shorts that were all the rage in those days, and one of my dad's college tee shirts, which was so big on her it was almost like a short dress.
Depending on the angle and how she was standing, sometimes I could see the bottom of the shorts, and sometimes it looked like maybe the tee shirt was the only thing she had on. From the way her breasts moved under the fabric, I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. Her legs were smooth and tan. She was barefooted.
She had a simple mid-length haircut, and she wasn't wearing any jewelry or makeup. She almost never did. As I looked at her I noticed for the first time that she was an attractive woman. Every time before that, in my entire life, she had just been my mom.
I wasn't thinking about sex with her or anything, but looking at her I realized that I had been recalibrated in the last week. Before that, women my mom's age or older didn't register with me as women, especially desirable women. They were mothers. Now I was looking at them in a whole new way.
She thanked me profusely for the new lawn I was installing, and as she was about to go, gave me a quick hug and a peck on the cheek. When she did, I felt her breast on my arm, obviously bare under her tee-shirt. I noticed that she didn't smell like perfume or anything like Ellen and Lily, but she did smell good. I couldn't quite place it, but it was good.
Not long after she went back inside, I fitted the last piece of sod into the last open space in my parent's back yard. I dragged the hose and sprinkler out and turned it on to water it in, and just stood there in my shorts, bare chested under the spray as it washed the dirt and sweat off me. It was good, real good.
Ellen
I woke up Sunday morning, cuddled naked in bed with John. He always slept naked, but I had quit years ago for some reason, and it felt so good now I really couldn't imagine why. He was sound asleep, and I could see from the lump in the sheets that he was sporting his typical morning erection. I gently lifted the sheet to take a look at it. It really was a lot bigger than Cliff's, which I had gotten a good look at last night when Lily was blowing him under the table at the country club. Hard not to stare with something like that going on right next to you.
I looked down at my pussy, which Cliff had certainly gotten an equally good look at while John was eating me for dessert. The thought didn't excite me like thinking about Steve or George looking at me down there did, but I wasn't particularly bothered by it. A few weeks ago I would have been mortified if anybody but my husband saw my privates, and I didn't particularly like him looking at them. Now I didn't care who saw them. That was a real first for me.
The last few weeks were certainly full of "Firsts", almost too many to keep track of. First sex with somebody other than my husband since we'd gotten married. First sex outside in our back yard. First three-way. First sex with a woman. First time I'd ever swallowed the sperm of three different men in the same day (Steve, George and John, in that order). First public exhibitionism, and then first sex in public, even if it was "just" oral. While my best friend Lily and her husband Cliff watched, and we watched them, no less!
After we finished cleaning up at the club, we said goodnight to Cliff and Lily and walked off in opposite directions towards our cars. It was a warm evening, and after they were a ways away, and I looked to be sure nobody was around, I reached down to the hem of my sundress and pulled it over my head and completely off. John looked over as I caught up to see me walking proudly beside him, wearing only my bra and sandals. I could feel the slight breeze tickling my pubic hairs.
He smiled, and kissed me on the neck, "I don't know what's gotten into you lately, but don't stop. I'm liking the new Ellen."
I didn't tell him that Steve was what had been getting into me, I just said, "Get in the car and drop your pants. I want to blow you all the way home." And I did, finishing him off just as he pulled into our garage. He looked at me quizzically as I swallowed every drop.
This morning, looking lovingly at his beautiful penis, I was ready to impale myself on it again, but I decided to let him sleep, slipped quietly out of bed, and tiptoed downstairs to the kitchen. Still naked as the day I was born, I started the coffee maker, and went to the front window to see if the Sunday paper had arrived. I didn't see it, so I opened the front door and stepped brazenly out onto the front porch. I could see our paper boy on his bike a few houses down. I decided to give him a thrill, and walked bare ass naked across our front lawn to the sidewalk. I could feel the cool air and the warm morning sun on my skin from my face to my feet.
"Morning, Billy" I said sweetly as I held my hands out and he gently tossed the paper into them from a few yards away as he rode slowly by. I thought his eyes were going to bug out of his head. Thank God he didn't crash his bike, I would have felt terrible.
As he rode away, I turned and practically skipped into the house. John was definitely going to get laid this morning.
Steve
My work week was pretty uneventful until Wednesday evening when John called as I was stepping out of the shower. "Hey Steve, wanna join me for poker night at the club?" It wasn't really a question, as I knew before he said, "I'll pick you up at eight. Casual, we don't dress up for poker."
"Okay," I said and hung up. Casual to John meant the nicest clothes I owned, a pair of tan slacks and a Lacoste golf shirt that Susan had given me for my birthday last year. I didn't own a pair of penny loafers like John always wore, and my black dress shoes wouldn't work, so I put on my newest pair of white sneakers with white socks. It would have to do.
A little while later I heard him honking out front, and I ran out the front door of our house and jumped into the front seat of his big Caddy. "Hey Mr.....uh, I mean John. Thanks for inviting me, but I have to warn you, I don't know much about poker and I sure don't have any money to lose."
John laughed and took a drag on his cigarette. "Don't worry about a thing. It's not really much about poker, just an excuse to get away from our wives in the middle of the week. You know, have a few drinks, tell some dirty jokes, watch a stag or sometimes we get a stripper. Guys night out, blow off some steam with some good old dirty American fun."
"Hell son, why do you think we have country clubs? Outside, the government's always telling us to do this, or do that, or don't do this, don't do that. In the clubs, we make our own rules. Why do you think they serve you and Susan wine at dinner? You're not even close to 21. Inside, our rules. That's what private clubs are for."
I was still pondering this as he pulled into the country club parking lot and killed the engine. As we walked to the entrance, I noticed a police car parked off to the side, a uniformed officer standing by the door.
John walked over to the cop, and shook his hand, "Hey Bill, good to see you. There a problem?"
"No sir, but a couple of the local coloreds got all excited about that SOB Johnson's Civil Rights Act, figured they'd just invite themselves in last night. No way they're members, and Jesus Christ couldn't get past Suzie without his club card, but the Chief asked me to make sure they don't get any more ideas tonight."
John took another drag on his cigarette, "Well I guess Suzie told them that this is a private club, right?"
"Yessir, and I figure it's going to be a cold night in Hell before you're letting our kind join."
"Oh, you can be sure of that Bill. Probably have to go all the way to the Supreme Court 'fore we'd even consider such a thing. So, how long you gotta stay out here?"
"Till midnight, sir."
"Well damn if that ain't thirsty work. You come in the poker room and grab yourself a beer if you feel like it."
"Thank you, sir."
As we stepped inside, my head was swirling. Officer Bill was a good guy, even though he was always giving us kids a hard time for speeding and stuff. But he was as black as the Ace of Spades, the first colored policeman on the force in the history of our town. I had to wonder what he was thinking about that exchange.
Susan
About fifteen minutes after John pulled out of the garage the doorbell rang. It was Lily, who usually came over on Wednesday nights when our husbands were at the club. She had a bottle of Mateus rose wine in her hand like she usually did, and I had one in the fridge. Sort of like book club without the books.
I leaned over to give her a hug, and when I did she kissed me full on the lips. "Wow!" I said, "Did you start drinking without me?"
"Maybe," she said. "Let's open this one and go out on the patio. It's a beautiful outside."
We went in the kitchen and I got out a couple of wine glasses while Lily got the cork out. We stepped outside into one of those beautiful warm summer evenings. I set the glasses down and Lily poured them full and handed me one.
"Cheers," she said as we clinked glasses and I took a sip. She drank about half her glass in one gulp, set it down, and wriggled out of her short shorts. "Let's get naked," she said, as she started unbuttoning her blouse.
"Lily, what are you doing?" I exclaimed as she pulled off her blouse and stood nude in the summer night. As usual, she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples stood proud on her otherwise almost perfectly flat chest.
"I'm getting your clothes off, sweetheart," and she reached for the buttons on my blouse.
I resisted halfheartedly, but it wasn't long before I was standing before her in just my bra and panties.
"Off with them, girl," she said, as she finished the rest of her glass. I pushed down my panties and stood in the night air in just my bra. "Come on," she said. "It's not like I don't know you have half a tit on one side."
I reached behind my back, unsnapped my bra and dropped it and the prosthetic on the lounger beside me. I looked down at my body. "OK Lily, I'm naked, now what?"
"Let's go for a run around the block."
"Lily, we live on the edge of the gold course. It must be miles around our block."
"You're right, but you didn't say no. Let's run to the end of the street and back."
"Somebody will see us under the streetlights. Do you think I'm some kind of exhibitionist?"
"As a matter of fact, I know you are. Let's see, there was the little thing with Steve the other day, and flashing George in the club bar, and then sex at the table in the club restaurant the other night. Not to mention the stunt with the paperboy."
"What did you hear about that?" I said, my eyes narrowing.
Lily smirked. "Kids talk, and believe me, you made his day. Every teenage boy in the neighborhood is probably jerking off to the story right this minute."
I expected to feel ashamed by that comment, but instead, my mind was filled with the image of dozens of young hard penises shooting their spunk high into the air. I felt a tingle in my pussy and involuntarily reached down and touched myself. I was swollen and soaking wet.
Lily reached between my legs, gently pushed my hand aside, and ran her finger up and down my slit. "I told you, you're an exhibitionist," she said as she took my hand and started walking down our back yard towards the rear gate. "Let's go for a walk on the golf course."
Steve
I'd heard plenty about the poker room at the club, but hadn't ever been in it, or even had any idea where it was. John led me down the hallway towards the men's locker room and stopped at an unmarked door. He fished his keys out of his pocket, found the right one, and unlocked it. We stepped inside a moderately-sized room, all done in dark wood paneling like the smoking room in some English manor. Lots of pictures of English guys in tweed knickers playing golf on the walls.
There were a few octagonal poker tables, a couple of pool tables, and a little bar on one end next to a tiny stage. A few men were playing cards and smoking, and another was setting up a movie screen. I saw Barb, one of the waitresses that regularly waited on us in the club restaurant behind the bar, and a voluptuous black girl I didn't know was serving drinks to the men at a table. I found out later her name was Simone.
As we walked up to the bar, John said to Barb, "Scotch on the rocks for me, and whatever Steve wants for him. He's my guest tonight."
Barb smiled at me.
"Uh, well I suppose I'll have a Bud."
John looked at me sternly, "Now son, you're in the men's poker room, you need to have a real drink. Beer is for drinking outside in the summer."
I didn't know much about mixed drinks in those days and stood there dumbfounded when Barb saved the day, "How about a rum and coke?"
"Yeah, sure," I mumbled, and then watched as she took a tumbler full of ice and filled it almost to the top with rum, then squirted a splash of coke on top with this chrome gizmo on a hose with a bunch of buttons on top. I hadn't seen one of those before.
The first sip just about took the top of my head off. I'd had a few rum and cokes at some high school parties in the woods, but they were mostly coke with a splash of rum. My eyes watered. Barb winked at me.
John led me to the table and introduced me to the guys. Cliff was the only one I knew, he was married to Lily, who I'd screwed in a wild three-way with Ellen just last weekend. It felt a little weird standing next to their two husbands, being introduced like one of the guys.
"Sit down next to me, I'll walk you through a few hands, give you the feel of this."
He threw a couple of twenties on the pile in the middle of the table. "I'm betting for both of us while Steve gets the hang of things."
It must have been beginner's luck, or John really knew what he was doing, because I won a few hands and pretty soon I was up by a hundred bucks.
The other guys started teasing John about bringing a ringer to the game, so I said, "You guys play, I'm going to go over and knock some balls around the pool table." That was a game I knew a little bit about.
As I got up, John handed me the pile of bills I'd won. "John," I said. "That's your money. You placed the bets, and you helped me with my cards."
"No son, you take 'em. It'll probably never come this easy again for you as long as you live."
I walked over to the pool table, set up the balls and took a sip of my drink. I noticed it was already about half done. I was feeling pretty buzzed.
Barb walked up. "You play much?"
"Not really, just a few games a week after school with a few of my friends."
"You up for a game of eight ball?" With a distinct emphasis on the words "up" and "ball."
"Sure," I said, since that was the only game I really knew.
"Keep it interesting, you wanna put a little wager on it?"
I was thinking about the hundred bucks in my pocket, and the tires my truck needed, so I said, "Sure, but how about for something besides money?"
"OK," she said. "You win, I give you a blowjob. I win, you have to eat me till I come. I'll break."
It was all I could do to keep from spewing the sip of the drink I just taken all over her. "You're kidding, right?"
"Only one way to find out," she said, as she selected a cue stick, placed the cue ball where she wanted it, and bent over to line up for her break shot. She was wearing a black miniskirt with one of the club's white dress shirts with the top three buttons unbuttoned, and when she bent over I could see her right breast all the way down to the nipple. No bra.
She saw me looking and smiled. "Tell you what, first ball you sink, I'll undo another button."
And then she proceeded to run the first five even numbered balls. She just missed the sixth one on a tricky angle shot that called for a lot of English. I knew I was in trouble before I'd even taken my first shot, but I did manage to sink the 3 ball in the far corner pocket. As I walked past her to look for my next shot, she unbuttoned the forth button. I could see her cleavage all the way down past her breasts and almost to her waist. Actually, it was more than cleavage, I could see the inner half of both breasts almost to her nipples. About the same size as Ellen's "good one" but no sag at all.
I was so flustered I missed my next shot, but I got a great view of her tits, nipples and all, as she ran the next two, and sank the eight ball with an impressive double bank shot. She walked up and gave me a big hug. I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest as she whispered in my ear, "You're not going to welch on the bet are you? I get off at midnight."
Billy
Billy lay in his darkened bedroom with the covers off and his pajama bottoms down around his ankles. He was stroking his erect penis with one hand, and holding a wad of Kleenex in the other.
He was thinking about what he was going to say and do with Mrs. Carlson when he went to collect the paper money next week. He imagined her opening the door stark naked. Then, he imagined her opening the door in a silk robe which she seductively opened when she saw it was him. He imagined her braless, in a thin tee shirt and tight short shorts as he followed her into the study to get her purse. He imagined her whipping off the shirt and dropping to her knees the second he opened his pants and showed her his foot long hot dog. As she took him into her mouth, he sprayed his spunk into the Kleenex in his hand.
He dropped it onto the floor next to the other two damp wads. He had gotten off the first time thinking about her standing naked in her front yard with her hands out to take the paper, his eyes focused on the bush between her legs. The second time he came was when he recalled what her butt looked like, and how it swayed from side to side when she turned to walk back into her house, her pussy lips peeking out from between her lower cheeks with each step. He'd probably pull off one more before he went to sleep.
He looked out the window at the golf course. His parents lived on the 11thfairway, across from the Carlson's. While they had plenty of money, his Dad made him take the paper route so "He'd learn the value of an honest dollar." He didn't want to do it, but he'd seen enough housewives in open robes and topless in their bathroom windows that he was starting to appreciate the side benefits of a morning paper route. Everybody closed their blinds and curtains at night, but for some reason they weren't as careful early in the morning. His paper route was a voyeur's paradise, but he'd never imagined anything like Mrs. Carlson standing naked on her front sidewalk. Sometimes, reality overtakes fantasy.
Something out of the corner of his eye caused him to look outside again. Movement. Probably a couple of deer, but he looked closer. Too pale to be deer. He reached for his binoculars on the top shelf of his closet, went over to the window, got down low and steadied them on the windowsill. Nothing. But then, as he was about to put them away, he saw two shapes emerging from the shadows on the far side. He thumbed the focus wheel, to see two women running. It was hard to tell what they were wearing until they stopped, breathing heavily and turned to face him. They were naked! They were too far away to see much in the moonlight, but he could see dark nipples on their chests, and shadows between their legs. Then they turned away, ran into the rough, and were gone. Billy was as hard as a rock. He put down the binoculars, and reached for the box of tissues.
Steve
Barb and I played a couple of more games, and she killed me. I sank a ball on my break, and made the next shot. She countered by running her side. The third game, she broke and sank all the evens including the eight ball before I even touched my cue. Three to zip, but there were compensations.
She was wearing a really short black mini-skirt, and early in the second game, I got a nice look up her legs almost to her butt when she bent over to take a shot. She caught me looking and smiled. A little later, she passed on an easy shot, and instead picked one that forced her to get up on her toes on one leg and lean way over the table to reach cue ball. He skirt rode up halfway up her butt and she spread her other leg for balance, revealing that she wasn't wearing panties. I was reminded of the first time I fucked Ellen and she'd gotten on all fours, suggested we start "doggie style" and presented me with the same view.
She was so exposed I could even see past her lips and noted that her pubic hair was darker than Ellen's. I figured that with her shirt unbuttoned like it was, the guys on the other side of the room were getting as good a look at her tits as I was of her snatch, and I looked up to see Cliff leering. Whatever, Barb sure didn't seem to mind. Maybe she wasn't bluffing when she suggested our little wager.
About that time, the projectionist announced that the movies would start in ten minutes. Barb asked me if I wanted another drink. I was too buzzed to say "No" at that point, so we wandered over to the bar. Most of the poker players did the same, and Barb and Simone got busy making drinks while the projectionist rearranged the chairs in a semi-circle in front of the screen. Neither bothered to button up their open shirts, and every time they bent over to fill a tumbler with ice or something we all got a great view. I hadn't been around enough black women to know if I was interested in them or not, but I have to admit Simone had a great set of tits, beautiful chocolate skin, and jet black hair. Her dark nipples were about the size of Susan's tits. Seems like I was getting a lot of recalibration this summer.
The guys all sat down with our drinks. Barb stood behind me with her hands on my shoulders, giving me a gentle massage. I'd heard a lot of stuff at school about stag films, but it all sounded like bragging and I didn't believe that any of the guys had actually seen one. Based on what I'd learned about female sexuality recently, I was pretty sure they hadn't. Some of their descriptions were wildly inaccurate.
As soon as the movie came on, I knew they were bullshitting. In grainy black and white Super 8, nothing, and I mean nothing was left to imagination. Women and men, stripping from clothes to completely naked, with everything on display. Tits, nipples, pussies, spread pussies. Dicks, erections, and those erections plunging in and out of open pussies. Cocksucking, guys coming all over women's faces, chests and pussies. One guy even stuck it in a girl's asshole and pumped away. Three-ways, orgies, and lesbians kissing each other on the mouth, and on each other's pussies. Mostly inside on a bed, or the living room sofa, but also outside. Fucking in the swimming pool. Nudists. Seriously, this had to be illegal. I could hardly believe it, and I was as hard as a rock.
I think this had been going on for about twenty minutes or so when suddenly the screen went dark. "Shit," the projectionist said. "The bulb just burned out and I didn't bring a spare."
The guys all started complaining. "Hey, you promised us an hour. Now what are we gonna do?"
Then they turned on John, "Hey John, you're the entertainment director for Wednesday night poker, You promised stags or a stripper every night, and we ponied up the money. Now, we feel cheated."
John looked around the room, and saw Bill, the black cop, standing by the door with a beer in his hand. Busted, I thought, but Bill was smiling. John went over and started talking quietly to him. Bill nodded and John passed him a wad of bills. Then John went over to Simone, and conducted a similar transaction. I had no idea what was happening, but Bill went into the stock room behind the bar while John placed a chair in the center of the little stage, facing the audience.
John look at the crowd. "I thought maybe we could get Barb and Simone to put on a little strip show, but after what you guys been watching, I didn't think that was gonna cut it. So, for the evening's grand finale, I present Simone and Officer Bill."
Ellen
Lily and I ran naked down the edge of the fairway, darting in and out of the moonshadow. The moon was almost full, and the moonlight was so bright it seemed like everybody in the world could see us. We'd get nervous and hide in the shadows until we got our nerve up, and then every time we stepped back into the light it was a rush. In and out, in and out, I was getting a little buzz in a rhythm almost like slow motion fucking.
Every time the moonlight hit my bare skin, it reminded me of each time Steve plunged his penis back inside me on the patio. And, when I wondered if anybody could see us out on the golf course in the middle of the night, it reminded of when I discovered that my best friend Lily was watching us screw on the chaise lounge in my backyard. That same Lily who was now running alongside me, naked as I was.
It was exhilarating. My whole body was tingling, and my pussy felt like it was one fire. As we reached the green at the end of the fairway, I took Lily by the hand and pulled her out into the center of the green under the bright moonlight. I gave her a tight hug, squeezed her butt with my hands, and kissed her on the lips. "We've got a couple of hours until John gets home. I want to fuck your brains out."
Lily smiled, and we turned and ran back towards my back gate.
Steve
John sat down beside me. He leaned over, and in a drunked whisper said, "Watch carefully Steve. These coloreds ain't like us, they'll do anything for a few dollars. Got no shame."
A few minutes later, Bill came out of the stock room. He had taken off his gun belt, and was holding his walkie-talkie in his hand. Barb locked the stock room door, and took the walkie-talkie. Bill got up on the stage and sat down in the chair facing us and Simone, who was standing there waiting for him. Barb was behind the bar doing something, and pretty soon music started.
Simone started dancing seductively in front of Officer Bill. After a while, she took off her shirt and pressed her tits into his face. She turned and let us see them, shiny with his saliva all around her nipples. Her tits were bigger and rounder than any I'd ever seen, and capped with dark brown nipples that must have been two or three inches in diameter. I learned later to tell the difference between the nipple itself, and the areola, but for now I was just fascinated. These were nothing like Susan's, Ellen's, or Lily's nipples.
She turned back to face Bill, as her hand found the button and zipper on the side of her black miniskirt. When it was open, she slid it seductively down across her ample butt, down her thighs, and dropped it on the floor. She stepped out of it and stood facing Bill with her legs well apart. Like Barb, she wasn't wearing anything under her miniskirt. Her pussy was dark, almost black, and her lower lips were large and meaty. This was nothing like the pussies I knew either, but I liked it.
She sat it Bill's lap, grinding her bare pussy on his crotch as she unbuttoned his uniform shirt and he played with her tits with his hands.
Then she got down on her knees, and went to work on his shoes and socks, giving us the "Doggie Style" view that Ellen first mesmerized me with. Her tits dangled like ripe melons on either side of her dark gash, with bright pink peeking out between her lips. Once again, I was mesmerized.
When Bill was barefooted, she said something to him I couldn't hear, and he stood up, loosened his pants, pushed them and his boxers down around his ankles, and sat back down. Her head moved toward his crotch, and although we couldn't see it, it was obvious from the movements of her head and the slurping sounds she was making that she was blowing him for all she was worth.
My penis was trying to bust out of my pants and Barb was running her hands up and down my chest almost to my waist. I looked over and saw Cliff, with his pants undone, playing with himself. Looking around the room, I could see he wasn't the only one. Barb's hands were working on my belt buckle, and then the button and zipper. She fished around inside my underwear and pretty soon my dick was exposed too as she gently stroked me.
Simone stood up and turned around, revealing her naked body to the room. She had a large black bush, and her pussy was shiny with her juices. I noticed that Bill was a little lighter color than she was, and he was in impressive condition, with well-defined muscles all over, and an erection springing proudly from his crotch. I'd heard stories about black guys being hung like horses, but his penis was about the same size as mine, maybe a little smaller.
Simone stepped back, and still facing the audience, slowly lowered herself until the tip of Bill's rigid penis was touching her pussy. Bill reached around and grabbed her by the tits. She continued to lower herself and his prick disappeared inside her until she was sitting in his lap with his balls seeming to dangle from her pussy.
Then she straightened her knees a bit, and most of Bills cock was revealed, glistening with her juices, the tip hidden between her labia. She plunged down, and then back up, gaining speed and rhythm. Then she leaned back, so he could be seen pumping in and out of her pussy. Bill started bucking his hips in time with her exertions. He let go of her tits and grabbed her by the waist to help guide her on and off his member, allowing her tits to flop up and down and side to side with wild abandon. Barb pumped my penis harder and faster.
Bill started grunting, and his dick popped out of Simone and started pumping ropes of white semen onto her jet black bush. I thought I was going to come at the same time, but Barb grabbed me by the base and squeezed so hard I almost screamed. I looked at her, pleading with my eyes to let me come.
"I don't want to waste a drop, big boy. Let me give you a ride home. We'll stop on the way and take care of this, and your payment for the bet you lost." She straddled my chair facing me, and took my hand and lifted it up and under her skirt until I felt her soaking pussy. She held my index finger straight, slipped it between her lips and rubbed up and down. "Deal?"
I was in no position to say no.
Barb
John had told me he was going to bring Steve to poker night, and asked me to give him a little "special attention" since Susan, John's daughter and Steve's girlfriend, had been in Europe all summer. He said he figured the boy must be getting a terrible set of blue balls by now, and didn't want him to do get in trouble with any of the bad girls in town. He figured I would be almost like "keeping it in the family."
John and I had a regular Wednesday night fuck session in an apartment across town he shared with his buddies at the club for the purpose. I was part of what they shared too, an arrangement what was pleasurable for all, and lucrative for me. I already had enough saved up to pay for my son's college education, and was shooting for graduate school. Lord knows my deadbeat ex-husband wasn't going to contribute a nickel. Just as well, I'd rather fuck John and his buddies, even that douchebag Cliff, every week for the rest of my life than speak to ex even once.
But tonight, I was planning to skip John and take Steve to the apartment. So, after Bill and Simone's live sex show finished, I went over to John and said, "Like we agreed, you go home and fuck Ellen tonight. It looks like you've had a few too many to drive Steve across town, I'll get him home."
John smirked, "Looks to me like you're planning to get him more than home. Have fun."
I went over to Steve, who was sitting in the chair where I'd left him, with a dazed look on his face. "I told John that he's too drunk to drive you home. Just wait here while I close up and I'll do it. We'll take the long way."
Steve
When I got home from work Thursday afternoon, I was beyond bone tired. Hadn't gotten enough sleep the night before for much of anything, much less a full day of construction work. Hell, I hadn't gotten hardly any sleep at all. Barb was insatiable, and my ass was dragging. As I walked in and called "I'm home," with no response, I saw the corner of a picture postcard sticking out of the mail someone (most likely my mom) had dropped on the kitchen counter.
I pulled it out, and saw a picture of a European city. I didn't know which one. I'd never been to Europe and I didn't see Big Ben or the Eiffel Tower or anything I recognized. Just a bunch of old stucco buildings with red tile roofs next to a big river. I turned it over.
It was addressed to me. "Steve. We're in Italy now, having a great time. Susan too. Actually, she might be having too great of a time, if you get my drift. Anyway, when in Rome, do as the Romans do. Any Romans come your way, don't hold back. Bob"
I wasn't sure what to make of that, but it didn't sound good. Then again, I had run into a few "Romans" of my own, and I'd stuck my sword right in 'em. Even Steven, I thought, as I stumbled into my room, plopped on my bed, and fell asleep instantly, clothes and all.