The events that led up to this evening were unimportant, as were the fantasies that I had narrated to her in the months before. The situation, however was something she had shown excitement towards whenever we transformed during our intense fucking sessions. Not the passionate love making ones, the ones where her naughty mind is racing through the images of my girth inside her cute pussy whilst my hand is forcefully pushing her down.
She loved the idea of being watched, safely, when we were in control. And now she was living it. Experiencing the raw realism of her dominant desires whilst her friend sat quietly, as per instruction, on the leather chair positioned near the bed in the hotel room. My imposingly hot wife, sliding my cock inside of her. Riding atop of me with her glorious body, not needing my words to describe the scenario was reeling on the excitement.
It wasn't a deviation from any of the previous pleasures that my manhood had granted her, in fact her vagina has exceptional powers. I would feel an unworldly grip take hold of my lust for her body each time I was inside, yet undoubtedly claim after climaxing that it was by far the best occasion. She had the most exquisite hold of me in that regard, making me feel a reward like we had abstained for months when in reality I have her throat and body at my mercy at least once a day.
Yet she was giving herself even more tonight. The definition in her thighs seemed to be highlighted by the flexing of her quivering quadriceps.
Each squat that she took seemed to energize her further as the folds of my foreskin helplessly rolled against the shaft of my pulsating cock. The creamy coating which she was painting on it thickened each time her hole gave way and her muscles tightened before she pulled up again.
I can only imagine how her friend felt witnessing this. Her shock as my sexy wife displayed uncharacteristic dominance right in front of her surprised eyes. Dropping her wet pussy onto my thick cock with aggression and passion. Not even the most experienced, horny lover would have been prepared for such a sight, let alone a curious friend. My head was strained, my neck rigid as only my eyes switched glances between her pussy and her face. And both were now tightening, as did my grip on her throat.
I felt the heat on my hand radiating from her face as she scrunched her eyes and clenched her jaw with epileptic like twitches. The motions of her hand were now erratic, circling and punishing her poor little clitoris in a way that she can only take when she's close. My knowledge of her body has taught me that now is the time that her pussy succumbs to all 7 fat inches. So I clenched harder onto her left hip handle and started throwing my dick up with powerful hip thrusts. Each was met by her hard bounces and our genitals slapped and squelched against each other, fuelled by lube and my wife's constant secretion of viscous cream.
In a moment of dominance I looked at the mirror to confirm my suspicions. The shock had passed her friend. The curiosity had passed her too. She looked antagonised and jealous. She was still sat upright in the chair but her feet were now up there too and her legs were slightly parted. She was lightly biting at her lip, staring with lust and helplessness at my wifes pussy gorging on my pumped member. The rings on her right hand sparkled under the lamps light as she grabbed at her left breast. The stones on her bracelet did the same on her left wrist as she clutched between her legs. Her fully clothed state adding to her sexual frustrations.
Quite the opposite to my other view. My soul mate was showing her sinful side. Every curve of her olive body teased me as she drew herself to the edge of explosion. I was dominating her, choking her throat and ramming my dick as hard as I could into her. The motion itself had become ferocious. Yet she fought back for more. She was putting on a show for her guest.
Her left hand clung to my throat gripping right, showing its appreciation. Her sounds evolved from a chorus of heavy breaths to a collection of moans, each eclipsing the previous in length and volume. And then she clenched her pussy. She was cumming.
The room became loud as she started to let go. Her scrunched face was broken by her mouth telling me to hurt her. "Hurt me Daddy" she demanded, and again and again and again as I gave everything to hammer the deepest regions of her vagina. Her animalistic eyes opened to look at me, hungry for more of my cock yet tired and lightheaded from the convulsions her abdomen was forcing upon her. She made no contact with her friend but I was under no illusion that the voyeur in the corner had made my wife feel more sexy and powerful than ever, fucking her man with such intensity.
She collapsed on me, I held her tight and the hotel room door closed behind us. Success for some.