During our dating life we were never offended by nudity. We would regularly hang out with our friends naked while visiting local lakes or on remote camping trips, so we were both used to being naked around other people. During those trips, no one engaged in any open sexual contact. We just enjoyed the freedom of being nude in nature.
We were in our early twenties when we got married. After we married, moved away from our friends to start a life in Texas. My husband, David, had been offered a promotional opportunity he couldn't refuse which involved being transferred. After settling in, we were surprised how fast we made friends both at work and in the neighborhood where we lived. Everyone we encountered seemed to be very outgoing and friendly.
One day we were invited to a pool party at a couple's house whom we had recently met. Her name was Barb and her husband's name was Bruce. They were in their mid forties. He was a burly kind of guy, about six foot or a little more, a little stocky but very nice. When we arrived, Bruce was wearing a boxer style bathing suit that had Texas longhorns on it. Barb was quite beautiful, a brunet, with an awesome figure, slightly plump, huge breasts and about five foot six. She was wearing a solid bright yellow bikini that barely covered any body parts. Her nipples were huge and stood out very prominently through thin material covering her breasts. I know David was getting an eyeful.
I wore a fairly modest white bikini that adequately covered my 34C breasts and bottoms that covered by bush. I have always had a hairy pussy, not super thick. I would characterize as being in between neatly trimmed and bushy. When the bottoms are wet, you definitely tell that I am not shaven. David thinks my hairy pussy is sexy. He wore a boxer style bathing suit with a tropical scene.
Most of the people at the party seemed to be in their late thirties and early forties. David and I didn't feel uncomfortable being around an older crowd. Some of the guys wore speedos which left nothing to the imagination about what was underneath them. Some were quite large, larger than I had ever seen. Most of the women wore bikinis even though they may have been considered plus sizes. A couple had on one piece bathing suits. I noticed that some of the women had bushes that protruded out the sides of their bathing suits and they didn't seem to care.
Not longer after we arrived, drinks were served around the pool and in the house. Then things got interesting. After few drinks, to our surprise, everyone started to loosen up and started removing their bathing suits, before we knew it everyone was naked in and out of the pool. We weren't shocked or anything, just a bit surprised. What was a bit shocking though was as time progressed, several people began sitting in very suggestive and erotic positions and it was obvious some were getting pretty aroused!
I was intrigued at some of the older ladies to sat in lounge chairs with their knees up and feet resting on the chair showing their hairy pussies to anyone who cared to look. You could tell a couple of them had given birth to children and had episiotomies because with their knees open, their pussies looked huge. I know huge pussies really turn David on so I'm sure he was enjoying the show.
We looked at each other, trying to decide wether to leave or go with the flow. In an effort not to look like prudes, we decided to remove our suits as well. I felt a little self conscience being nude so many older people but David reassured me I was sexy, more sexy than any of the other women there. Being younger, I just hoped I wasn't too out of place.
Some of the guests were getting intimate with one another. What took me by surprise was the fact that they were with people that didn't accompany them to the party. I must admit though, watching some of the guests engage in sexual activity became quite arousing. I could plainly see, as I'm sure everyone else could, my husband was enjoying the sights. His seven inches was at full mast in the chair he was sitting in.
Bruce and Barb, the party hosts, came over to see if we were enjoying the party. As they approached, I saw Bruce had an average size cock which was flaccid. Barb on the other hand, had large breasts, somewhat drooping, big areoles, huge nipples, over an inch long. Her neatly trimmed pussy with sexy meaty labia and big clit protruding between her legs were stunning. Seeing her standing before me, I could feel a tingling in my pussy. I'm sitting in a chair and here was a sexy mature woman with a beautiful pussy about three feet from my face. I wanted so badly to reach out and touch her pussy lips and clit.
They were concerned the party had made us feel uncomfortable and that it probably wasn't what we expected. She explained how she thought of us good their friends and they really wanted us to come. She feared if they had told us about the type of party it was we may not have gone. So she took a chance. Maybe because in previous conversations, I told her about how we used to go the lake and camping with friends and go nude around each other.
I lied and told her that we aren't at all uncomfortable and we had been to parties like this where we used to live. Barb looked at me confused, because I hadn't mentioned anything of the sort. She continued by commenting on how awesome that was and told Bruce that she hoped this wouldn't ruin our friendship.
I said bravely with a smile "on the contrary I think it's going to bring us closer together."
She immediately responded with "oh I sure hope so." With that, some other party guests called them away.
Several other people came over and sat next to us striking up conversations. One guy who was very well and I mean very well endowed came over and introduced himself as Jason. I felt a little embarrassed because while he was introducing himself I couldn't take my eyes off of his semi erect cock. It was the largest real cock I'd ever seen and it was right in front of my face. I could even see the huge veins in it and the big shovel looking head. It had to be about nine inches and almost as thick as a soda can.
Looking up at him from my chair, I told him my name was Jackie and my husband was David. After some polite conversation, he asked us if we wanted to join in the fun. I thought to myself, oh my god would I ever, especially if it involved him, but feeling self-conscious, I told him maybe a bit later. Besides I didn't know how David would feel about it. He just sat there without saying much of anything. I guess he was a bit intimidated by the size of Jason's cock. He's also a little bit of an introvert.
Jason told me he understood that being our first time around them and everything. Then he said something that made me turn beet red and that was that he really hoped I would because he would really like to get to know me lot better, if you know what I mean. With that comment, his semi-erect cock became a bit larger and I became a lot wetter.
In fact, now I was aching for release. My clit had become so swollen that as I leaned forward to talk to my husband it rubbed against the seat of the chair and I came, my legs convulsing and my juices flowing out all over the seat of the chair. If I stood up anytime soon, everyone would see what a mess I made of the chair. David was totally oblivious of course.
I asked him about what he thought about joining in, of course by now I was all for it. I couldn't wait to have some new experiences with our new found friends. He on the other hand was more reserved and said it was awesome to watch and it made him really hard but he didn't think he was ready to jump in there and let loose with everyone. He told me he liked to watch everyone and then reminded me of his problem, he didn't want to be embarrassed. David suffers from premature ejaculation. I have tried to deal with it the best I can but it has been a real strain on our marriage. I don't really get a lot of satisfaction from having sex him, that is when we have it, and that's not very often. I don't think either of us get much enjoyment!
Unfortunately we didn't wind up doing anything with anyone but we did watch with excitement the activity going on around us. Later that evening we discussed what we had witnessed and how turned on we were by watching others. To my surprise, we made the decision together to get more involved next time we were invited.
It was only a couple of weeks later that we were invited Bruce and Barb's house for another pool party. David and I had already agreed to become more involved this time. Drinks began flowing as they did at the previous party, however when everyone began to undress, we did as well. When everyone began heading to the pool, hot tub, and lounge chairs, David and I made every effort to distance ourselves from one another in an attempt to mingle with the other guests.
I was so excited about parading around my nude body in front of the older guests. I wasn't planning on getting to involved, just being a bit of an exhibitionist and teasing some of the older guys watching them get hard as I made my way around. If I got up the nerve maybe I would even touch one or two. I think that was a turning point in our relationship and my sexual desires. I discovered I really enjoyed the attention of other guys in ways I never imagined.
While I was standing in the shallow end of the pool, about four feet deep I guess, three guys at the party, one of whom was Jason, basically surrounded me, one standing on either side of me and Jason in front. As we chatted, too getting to know one another, they began to get closer until I could feel their erections against my torso. I thought back to the last pool party when I met Jason and how I had trouble not staring at his huge dick.
With my arms out of the water resting on the side of the pool and my heart beating feverishly, I wasn't quite sure what was expected of me. As the two on either side of me, I think their names were Chris and Bill, began rubbing their erections against my sides, Jason who was in front of me leaned forward to give me a kiss on the lips and as he did I felt his erection push up against my pussy. I was in total disbelief in what was happening. I didn't know how to react. I didn't want to come across to everyone that I was an immature prude and never be invited back again so I just didn't object in any way. I looked over at David and he was talking with Bruce on the other side of the pool. He didn't seem to be paying any attention to what was happening at my end of the pool.
As Jason leaned in closer to me while kissing me, I could feel his erection pressing harder against my pussy. I became very aroused with all of the attention I was getting. I continued to let the guys beside me rub their erections against me, they were now using a hand on their erections to press more firmly. Looking back, I would say their cocks were about average in size. Jason was much larger. To relieve the pressure he was putting on my pussy with his cock, I parted my legs so his erection would slide between them. He was definitely way above average in size in girth. In order to fit his erection completely between my legs, I had to spread them farther apart. And when I did, OMG, I could feel my clitoris resting on his shaft.
I broke away from his kiss to catch a breath of air and to look over at my David to see if he was witnessing what was happening. To my amazement, he and Bruce, who was standing unusually close to David, were looking over at me and smiling. I couldn't imagine what they were smiling at, after all, there were three guys obviously being physical with me. And then I remembered the conversation we had after the first party we attended and how we agreed to get more involved.
As I was looking over at David, Jason began moving his cock back and forth between my legs and it was then I realized just how long it was. When he pushed close enough for me to feel his pelvis against mine, I could feel the head of his cock touching my butt. With my clit rubbing against it with each stroke, I was having a very difficult time containing myself. The two guys on either side of me could see that I was very aroused by the attention I was receiving so they began massaging my breasts. My nipples were so hard they ached. Then without warning, I felt the guy on my right who was rubbing his cock against me start quivering like he was cumming. I looked down to see thick streams of jizz coming out.
I began to think, OMG what am I doing, astonished that all this was going on around me and David wasn't doing or saying anything about it. But at the same time, I'm enjoying immense pleasure from all of the attention. As Jason was sliding his cock back and forth between my legs, I could feel myself losing control of my inhibitions and letting go to the pleasure and I dropped my arm from the left side of the pool to grasp the cock of the guy rubbing it against my torso. Just as I held it in my hand, I felt it begin to pulsate and looked down to see white creamy liquid being expelled from its tip, swirling around my leg.
Jason continued to slide his cock back and forth between my legs and I wanted so much to raise my bottom and legs up and have him enter me and at that moment I felt myself convulse and my legs begin to shake as I had one of the strongest orgasms I have ever had. As I stood there completely overwhelmed, the two guys on either side of gave me a kiss on the cheek and Jason gave me a kiss on my forehead. The two who had cum in the pool got out with beautiful flaccid shafts while Jason on the other hand, still had a very large erection and it was then I got to see how big he really was.
Meanwhile my David was still on the other side of the pool watching what had happened. His face seemed to be a bit flushed or was it just from the sun, I wasn't sure. I could see him moving his arm back and forth in front of Bruce who was leaning against the edge of the pool next to him. I began to wonder about what he was doing.
Exiting the pool my thoughts returned to myself and all that I had just experienced. The thought of experiences like this would completely fulfill my needs in a way David alone could never do. I wanted and needed the thrill and excitement of being nude in groups of people who enjoyed each other sexually. As I sat on a lounge chair, I watched other guests who were engaged in pleasuring one another in a variety ways. I was particularly interested in watching Jason, the guy who made me cum in the pool; he was balls deep in a woman who looked to be in her forties.
Then David walked up and sat next to me. I was surprised with all the action happening around us that he didn't have a raging erection. I asked him what he was doing with Bruce in the pool. That's when he told me something that took me totally by surprise. He said that while the two of them were standing there watching what was happening with me he felt Bruce's erection up against his leg and he was rubbing back and forth. Something inside him urged him to reach down to grasp it, so he did.
Now mind you, David had never expressed he had any bisexual tendencies. When he felt how big and hard Bruce's cock was in his hand, he just had to begin stroking it. It felt so good to him, couldn't resist playing with it. To David's amazement he was able to make him cum given the fact that he no experience with another man. Apparently Bruce returned the favor by making my David cum. He was little embarrassed how quickly it happened though.
Then the conversation turned to me as he asked me if I enjoyed my experience. I told him I was really apprehensive at first with three guys with hard cocks surrounding me. I couldn't understand why he wasn't coming over to rescue me. Then he reminded me of the conversation we had where I told him I had a fantasy of having sex with multiple partners. He was just letting me have my fantasy. I told him that was just a fantasy.
That's when I told him about Jason and about the size of his cock and how he made me cum and how he made me so horny all I wanted was for him to fuck me with that big cock. Unfortunately I had a tremendous orgasm before I could get him inside. Then I pointed over to Jason who was on the patio, his big fat cock balls deep in a woman's hairy pussy. He was ramming his big cock in and out of her pussy and she was taking the whole thing all the way up to the hilt, his big balls slapping against her ass as he did.
His reaction was to ask me if I wanted have him if I could. I asked him if he would be jealous about me being with him since he was so much bigger. He said he would love to watch me with him. If Jason was willing he would like to help guide him in my pussy and massage his balls while he was inside me. Jason would stretch your pussy out nice and big. I asked him where this was coming from and he told me it was his fantasy to watch me with other men. Especially with guys with really big cocks. I'm like what? Was this the start of a pursuit of sexual pleasure with multiple partners?