Fair Warning:
This is a wife-sharing story. If this sends you into an eye-twitching rage then just move on -- possibly to the romance section. It is also pure fiction. That means that neither of these people are real. This isn't me, this isn't my wife.
This one is also very long. It starts off with heavy teasing and exhibitionism but get very hardcore later on.
*
Towards the end of it all there was a moment where I thought we would get lynched, and all I could think about was the fact that this was all because Jessica was simply incapable of not volunteering to help. That was what Jessica was like: ever eager to please, always smiling and obliging. It has been remarked that we are an odd couple. Chalk and cheese. Opposites attract and so forth.
I remember the moment with clarity. Jessica -- her green eyes and dark hair contrasting distractingly with her floaty white dress -- turning to one of the old haggard bats that was sat in our yet-to-be-unpacked living room and saying: "Well, I could deliver the newsletter around Greendale if you are desperate."
Of course they were desperate, there was no way that the old fossils sipping on their tea would get around our hilly little village without adding another stone to the picturesque graveyard. I feel like Jessica might have hesitated on the "I", as if she might have said "we" but changed her mind. I guess our five years of marriage taught her something after all.
We had lived in Greendale for just over a week and the house was still an almighty mess. Jessica was putting things to rights in glacial fashion and I knew better than to get in the way. I was settling into my new role as Project Director and had enough plates to spin at work. We had moved to Greendale to escape the dreary, cramped, hateful life that only exists in modern cities. We had hit that age where most of our trendy friends had already left to have children and the bars and restaurants we had loved were suddenly too cheap and nasty or horrendously pretentious.
Jessica had a vague idea about starting a family but I think she really looked to the move as an extended holiday, a career break in a picture-perfect rural village where she could stride around like Tess or Jane Eyre in a pastoral ideal of cow-shit and vertiginous hills. For this Greendale was perfect. Close enough to a place with real jobs but pretty enough to be a painting. The folk around here were generally older and retired, or young folk looking to become farmers.
So I put in my transfer request and surprisingly got an offer almost instantly. With a pay rise. Why on earth hadn't someone else snapped up this opportunity in such a location? I found out in that first week as I battled the incompetent yokels who already hated my guts.
My wife made it all bearable. The fresh country air and the unseasonable warmth made her beauty blossom in those first few days in Greenfield. She is an amazingly beautiful woman, only lacking the height and frosty bitchiness to be a catwalk model. She had done some catalogue work, smiling in breezy summer dresses, and I still got a thrill flipping the pages and seeing her there smiling back at me.
At university, where we met, she had been known as 'Lady Jessica' due to her posture, her received pronunciation and her pedigree. She came from money and you could see it in the sharp cheekbones and her long neck, the easy way in which she carried herself, the self-assurance that came from never wanting for anything. She was posh totty and make no mistake.
She always had her dark black hair straight and long, down to the small of her back and there was also something of the pin-up about her figure, a fullness in her breasts, a swagger in her hips. Her green eyes danced and changed from emerald to sapphire depending on her mood. She was little but lithe and lively in her movements and thought -- quick to laugh and always restless. Sometimes I would just sit in a defeated heap in our garden and just watch her at work in her little shorts and tied up tee shirt. In no time I'd find more than my batteries had recharged and I'd find myself on top of her, heaving into her as she bounced in glorious naked joy beneath me.
We had been working our way through the house, fucking in each room, breaking in the house as was our tradition, when the old dinosaurs had come knocking at the door. We scrambled to make ourselves presentable and less than an hour later and Jessica had roped herself into writing an article about countryside running routes ("It'll be fun!") and delivering the hated newsletter to every house in the village.
I refused before she even asked me. "Fine," she pouted, "I'll just do it during my morning jog." This sounded perfect to me and I forgot about the whole thing for a few days, until the box of newsletters arrived, dropped off by tractor, dumped unceremoniously on the driveway. The next I thought about it was at six thirty seven in the next morning when my delightful wife rolled out of bed and got into her running gear.
I opened a bleary eye and saw a vision of yoga pants covering an outrage of an ass, a bare midriff and a bra-top thing, which she must have bought when she was a teenager as it was very deliciously tight around her perky tits. Her long dark hair was in a loose ponytail and her eyes sparkled as she smiled at me. "Fancy a run?"
"Never. Don't forget your stupid newsletters."
"I won't."
I watched her ass move as she left and felt my cock rising. I considered ambushing her on the way out for some more fun but really, it WAS early. I flipped over and shut my eyes, only to open them a moment later as the realisation hit me that my wife was about to deliver packages to every house in Greendale with nothing short of scandalous amounts of cleavage showing, along with skin-tight pants. This would be something she wouldn't think about, it was just the kind of predicament she managed to get herself into and I laughed -- but also noticed that my cock had got even harder. It was a little bit exciting, the idea that some of our new neighbours would get an eyeful of the hot young thing that had moved in to number 25.
This I had to see. I hauled myself out of my bed and rattled around in some boxes looking for my telescope and then scuttled up to the top floor of our house. It took me a few minutes but I finally found her just as she was crossing a field running with a steady, easy rhythm. Jesus Christ she was a sight to see with her tits bouncing and her hair flowing. She had a backpack on with the newsletters in it that pulled her shoulders back and made her tits stick out further. I watched as she opened the garden gate to number 4 and watched her trot up to the house and slide the newsletter through the door. She was in luck, the house was asleep and she left un-observed, but her luck couldn't last forever.
It didn't, but it held out for a long while. Her first mishap came when she arrived at the door for number 32. Just as she reached forward to place the newsletter through the post-box the door swung open and Barney Thomas was stood there, his jaw scraping the floor. Barney was only eighteen years old and he was a damn fine blind-side flanker for the Clifton Cougars -- I knew this as I coached him on Thursday nights, rugby coaching being my sole interest outside fucking my wife and laying down the law to my peons at work. Barney was tall with broad shoulders and was wearing boardshorts, flip-flops and a singlet and was trying (and failing) very hard not to stare directly at my wife's heaving, sweat sheened tits. She must have said something because they both laughed. He took a newsletter and she turned and started to jog off with his admiring eyes on her ass the whole way.
I watched her for a few minutes longer and she bumped into three more people. Two of them were women, one an old crone who didn't bat an eyelid and the other, in number 34, a Stepford wife who gave Jessica the evil eye. As she started back home from the top end of the village the heavens opened, as it regularly does in this part of the world. This presented Jessica with additional difficulties as her flimsy, ludicrous bra-top was also white and turning more translucent with every bouncing step. A gentleman might have got into his car and rescued her. I, however, had noticed an interesting development to this little drama. Mr. Johnson, our older neighbour, was just coming back from his morning walk and would arrive back at his door at exactly the same time as...
The scene was instantly erotic and I don't really know why. Our friendly older neighbour, a widower in his fifties but fit, tall, a former Colonel, turned on his doorstep to see my drenched wife wearing next to nothing. The yoga pants clung to her form, revealing the shape and outline of her ass and hips. Her bare-midriff dripped with sweat and rivers of rain. Her bratop, too small, strained to constrain her heaving tits which were essentially visible through the see-through material, her nipples erect and proud. She smiled up to him: coy, nervous, embarrassed. He surprised me, looking her up and down with unabashed interest. An awkward moment passed and then he reached out --
and took a soggy newsletter from her outstretched hand. She turned and walked off with his eyes still on her and by the time she was through the door my cock was free and ready to greet her. Her eyes were wide at the sight of it but I didn't stop to explain, manhandling her to the floor and peeling off her sodden clothes. Her skin was cold and covered in goose-bumps but I soon warmed her up.
We laughed about the incident, afterwards, drinking tea and pottering about the house. Jessica chided me for making a mountain out of a molehill. But I pushed the point. "This isn't the city anymore love. Church-going folk around here, and old. You might have given some poor old dear a heart-attack running around dressed like that. Is that what we want? To be known as the couple that murdered grandpa?"
"It was fine -- everyone was asleep!"
"That was lucky. Good thing this is a sleepy village then."
"Well..." she hesitated. "Most people were asleep..."
She looked very cute when embarrassed and I laughed with her to take off the edge as she told me. "Well, that's one way to get to know the neighbours. It's fine, he needs to get comfortable around us in any case. What harm can it do?"
She was silent, seeming to accept the point, but the deep crimson on her face suggested embarrassment and, interestingly, her erect nipples suggested something more.
We settled into our new home and our new routines in the week that followed. The weather warmed up and we basked in a heatwave. Our windows were left open, fans were purchased and endless boxes of beer and cider filled our fridges. I learnt to love the taste of Pimms. Our next incident came about because of my mother-in-law's penchant for buying African souvenirs on her annual holiday to the Maasai Mara. The ornament in question was a garish and heavy wooden mask that perpetually glared at me, wishing me ill, as I left for work in the morning. My campaign to get rid of this particular 'decoration' had so failed miserably but on this occasion I was rather glad of it.
Jessica had taken it upon herself to create some sort of masterpiece garden. It was a consuming project and she had got the idea from some magazine or TV program, or whatever. In any case it involved many hours in the baking sun doing something to flowerbeds and whatnot. To do this work Jessica would wear her bikini top and some modest shorts to try and develop a tan. That bikini depressed me. It was the sort of shapeless mass of material that rendered her very sexy breasts utterly dull and lifeless. Thankfully, one hot day, as she was wrestling with a bin bag full of compost material out the door, the African mask somehow grabbed hold of her bikini top and wouldn't let go. In the ensuing brawl the top was torn to pieces and the mask fell to the ground also managing to rip a hole in her shorts. How it didn't seriously injure her is a mystery but the sight I had, of my wife -- Lady Jessica -screaming, her tits out, a comically large African tribal mouth biting down on her breasts -- will stay with me forever. I even got to watch as the mask tipped over and shattered into a million pieces.
I promised to buy her a new bikini (and replacement mask but let's just say that there might be shipping issues). Since we lived in the sticks it was so much easier for me to pick one up after work than for her to trek into our nearest town. She gave me her measurements and some instructions, rightly suspicious.
Buying the bikini was more awkward than I'd imagined and the truth is that I chickened out of buying the outrageous barely-there patch string thing I'd planned on. The one I did buy was actually quite modest. It was black and thin but more like a centrefold from the seventies than an Instagram model. Still, the bottoms were more exciting, narrowing slightly like a thong although not quite the candy-floss nothingness that I'd secretly desired. A 'Brazilian' it was called, which was exciting in its own way. It wasn't the thong though. Still -- she might actually wear this one.
The Lady was less than pleased. "I can't wear that in a rural village you massive pillock; they'll tie me down and brand an 'S' into my forehead." I was banished to go and cut the grass, a task that looked ever more Sisyphean with each day of the summer. It was a bastard of a job and our lawnmower was shit. Still, the sun was out so I took my shirt off and enjoyed the unfamiliar feeling of real, not gym induced, physical exertion. My body wasn't built for desk-work, even if my mind clearly was. I'm tall and played rugby to an excellent standard all through University so have those teak-tough (actually pretty injured) shoulders and broad chest of an athlete. I checked out as the roid monkeys started to overtake the sport and I decided that I'd rather have a desk-job and a fat bonus than fifteen minutes on the pitch and a broken collarbone.
Anyway, I'd worked up quite a sweat and was pleasantly surprised that my gym work had actually paid off. My torso was looking sleek and my arms were big. I guess Jess must have been watching from the house as the next thing I knew she was swaying out of our French windows carrying a stein of beer wearing the offending bikini with a see-through sarong tied around her waist and a wide brimmed sunhat over her cascading raven hair.
I killed the mower and just watch her come. She was a vision, her breasts perky and amplified in the thin top, her nipples hard buttons. Her skin was smooth and flawless, a light tan already moving her colour away from pale. She was swinging her hips and smiling, enjoying being watched, teasing me on this hot day. I felt my old friend stirring and my tattered rugby shorts felt a little stifling. I reached a sweaty hand for the stein as she stepped up close to me, putting her little hand on my dripping chest. I took a grateful drink of the beer and she snapped up on her tip-toes for a lingering kiss. Her hand danced down my body and rubbed my cock from the outside of my trouser leg and I explored the wild expanse of her ass, surprisingly exposed by the 'Brazilian'. A wicked look got into her eye and I heard her whisper.
"I do like having such an eager gardener, but oh! Look how hot and bothered you've made yourself."
I was about to push things further when suddenly he was there on the other side of the fence, our neighbour, Mr Johnson, supposedly pruning his roses. I saw him in my peripheral vision and nearly startled but caught myself. Jess had her back to him and a dark part of me quickly worked out that her pert arse, barely covered by the sarong, would be in his full view. The naughtiness of summer was in me and I decided to give the old boy a treat, pulling Jess in for a kiss and slipping the knot of her sarong as I did so, feeling as it slid down her legs and pooled around her feet.
I couldn't turn my eyes to see the old Colonel but I bet that I knew where he was looking. My cock was a raging beast and part of me really wondered how far I could push this -- but discretion is ever the better part of valour so I decided to have some fun with Jess' embarrassment and mortification instead. I jerked up. "Max! Sorry, we didn't see you there." I moved forward as I said this, carrying Jess and stepping over her sarong, shutting off any prospect of an emergency cover up on her part.
"Oh, don't you mind me; enjoy the sun! I was young once."
I could almost feel the lava burst of crimson from Jess' cheeks hearing this. But to give her credit she composed herself in an instant and turned to look at our neighbour in the skimpiest outfit she had ever worn outside our bedroom without the slightest look of self-consciousness, a radiant smile on her sunny face. "Max -- those roses are lovely, I wish I could grow them so well; ours always seem to wither before they bloom."
The sly old dog didn't miss a beat. "I've the most beautiful Damask just over by my window-sill, come -- let me cut you one."
And just like that he lured her through the little green gate that separates our gardens. Jess, as I've said, can't really refuse. Rudeness is not part of her DNA. So there she went, as scantily clad as I've seen her, into another man's garden. He pointed out the flower and she bent forward to look at it, her ass as delicious as possible, just a breath away from his hips, his old heavy hands. He reached over and snipped one off then boldly slid it into her hair. She laughed and touched his arm -- a nothing gesture that nearly set me off.
Jess offered Max a beer but he declined, instead offering us some fantastic sangria he had squirreled away from a source in Spain. "Just wait here while I clean my hands."
"I'll get it!" Jess offered, as she always does. Then she was off and I wasn't sure my cock could cope. I'm not sure what it was but there was something intensely erotic seeing my wife nearly naked waltzing around inside Max's house, her hips swaying in his kitchen, the acres of exposed flesh wandering like she belonged amongst his things.
I drank deeply from my stein as she popped out of the kitchen with a jug of scarlet sangria and three glasses. She gave me a wicked smile and poured out a measure of the appreciative Max and herself. Max opened up the parasol and Jess put the jug down on the garden table. I tried to hide the tenting in my shorts by sitting down in a shadow.
Jess took a dainty sip and nodded appreciatively at Max who waved as if it was nothing. Soon we were all sat around the table and feeling a lot more relaxed in the baking heat. Max asked polite questions about my work, which was boring, and then found out that Jess had been an Art teacher, which interested him as he had once taken up a long-distance fine art degree but had given up part way through. This opened a door of mutual interest and soon they were deep into discussions about paints, canvass and all that other shit I didn't care about. My erection had just about subsided so I left them to it and got back to mowing the lawn, after pouring myself another stein.
When I got back Max had dragged out an old easel and Jess was stood a few inches away from him pointing at the canvass and talking in her animated, teacher voice. I doubt the old fucker was interested as I caught his eyes darting down over her shoulder to catch a peek of her tits and I couldn't really blame him.
I finished up the lawn and wondered over to the chatting pair. "Max, could I borrow your hedge trimmer? Ours is a piece of shit and I'd be better off using my teeth."
The old soldier smiled. "Sure -- sharing makes good neighbours; help yourself -- it's just in the shed."
As I grabbed the hedge trimmer I overheard Max saying that he really struggled to draw live figures. Jess responded saying that it was a common problem and that the only real solution was to practice. "Well, I don't too many in the village who would sit still for a portrait, and they all get insulted afterwards when they see how ugly I've managed to make them."
I wielded my hedge destroying sword and joined in. "Why don't you draw Jess? You'd have a hard time making her ugly."
Jess blushed and Max laughed loudly. "Oh I could manage, even such a beauty as her."
"Boys! I'm right here!"
I winked at Max. "We're unlikely to have missed the bikini clad beauty in our midst, dear. What do you say; will you let Max have a go drawing you? I'll get you another drink and you can just lay back on the sunbed."
She looked doubtful but Max sealed the deal. "Oh, I'd not want to put her to any trouble."
Jess loved being put to trouble, the more inconvenient the better. "Ok -- I suppose we could make a start and I could give you some pointers afterwards..."
I couldn't quite believe it but there she was, sliding up Max's sunbed and striking a sultry pose. He had quickly pulled out a sketch pad and was drawing long elegant lines to capture her. She looked like a racy postcard picture that you would send back from a holiday resort. Her sun hat sat cocked on her head and her tits threatened a glorious escape. Her bikini bottoms rode high up her ass and with her legs slightly drawn up; she looked vulnerable and exposed, inviting and knowing.
I cut the rest of the hedge with exaggerated care, all too conscious of the fact that most of the blood in my body was in my cock. Max was entranced, drinking in every line and curve of her body as he filled up his page. Jess sat clam, occasionally sipping on the fresh drink I'd brought her, enjoying the sun and the attention. She was a very cheap date and I had no doubt that she was half-cut already, oblivious to her erect nipples and her dripping skin.
It lasted for just over an hour and my cock was a proud oak the whole way through. I'd move to different parts of the hedge, with clippers this time, pretending to work but really just watching her and touching myself through my shorts. She moved slightly ever so often, arching her back and sticking out her chest; stretching a long leg or causing her tits to jiggle by wiping her brow. I could see that Max was rising to the occasion as well -- his sweatpants were starting to show an impressive bulge. I wondered if Jess had seen it?
It was glorious watching her get up and walk across to look at Max's work. She moved with sinuous, careless ease; comfortable wearing clothes around this virtual stranger that she would never have imagined wearing outside yesterday.
She chatted softly to Max for a moment, admiring his work and pointing out a few details, giving advice. He must have made a joke as she burst out laughing and playfully slapped his big forearm.
That was the straw that broke the camel's back. I needed to fuck her, urgently. I poured all my corporate boss man command into my voice to urge her. "Right Jess, we better make a move!"
Max knew the score, and so did Jess. She gave him a sheepish smile and he waved us off, picking up his shears to continue gardening. I watched as Jess crossed over into the house then instantly grabbed her by the waist and reeled her in for a deep and powerful kiss.
The urgency of my lust surprised her and her hand dropped down to my rock hard cock which was poking into her belly through my shorts. We broke the lingering kiss and she pulled my shorts down over my engorged head and I stood naked, a French window and a curious glance away from our neighbour. Jess rubbed her hand up and down the shaft as I unclasped her bikini top, which fell away. I picked her up and thrust her against the wall by the window and planted my mouth on her nipples, as she gasped. My other hand tore away at the Brazilian bottoms and suddenly she was naked as well.
We slid to the floor and she was then on top of me and I was sliding into her, watching as she bounced and bounced on my cock, nearly exposed, a thin wall of glass away from Max snipping away at his dead flowers. She moaned and picked up speed and I responded, furious in my pent up desire.
She came hard and long and stifled a full throated scream. I didn't relent, riding out her clutching, quivering orgasm and switching over to missionary. I felt her spread her legs wide and pull me in deep and I went at her like a mad man on the floor, smashing into her with a possessed vigour that had her a loud grunting, babbling mess before I felt the long delayed churn in my balls.
"I'm going to cum," I grunted.
"On my tits, do it on my tits." This was new -- I always came inside her; she wasn't one for a mess but who was to argue? I delayed in her velvety grip until the last moment and then showered her with cum. It was fascinating watching it arc from my cock onto her waiting body and face. I came so hard I was worried that I broke something. Jess was absolutely covered.
A moment of silence and the guilty understanding that there was simply no way that Max hadn't of heard us at it like rabbits. It was very possible that he had seen us fucking -- neither of us had been particularly wary and if he had moved to the right angle...
Jess burst into giggles. "Well -- that was different!"
I didn't disagree. I helped her up to her feet enjoying the debauched decadence of seeing my cum run down her face and tits as she stood naked before me. I felt a twitch in my cock. Jess, seeing my interest, ran her finger down her chin and across her breast and nipple then put it in her mouth, licking it clean. She'd never done anything like that in her life, I was sure of it. My cock heaved back into action, painful with its blind desire after such a brutal and recent workout. Jess smiled wickedly at it.
She pointed to our downstairs shower-room. "Honey, could you get me a towel so that....shit!" she ducked her head and slid her back up against the wall. I looked in the direction of her horrified gaze and sure enough I could see Max through the little porthole window that we forgot about. He was in his kitchen; it looked like he had just walked in. That he had seen Jess, naked, covered in cum, was an absolute certainty although he was busy pretending he was doing something else.
Jess frantically gestured for me to throw her a towel and I moved over to the shower, picking up the full length beige towel -- and holding it in front of me, inviting her to walk across the exposed ground. She pointed to the window, thinking I misunderstood but then put her hands on her hips as understanding dawned on her. I was treated to another first, Lady Jessica's middle finger. I stood my ground and cocked an eyebrow. A standoff, me: erect again holding the towel, her: naked and covered in cum, not wanting to cross the floor. Then her back straightened and she strode confidently and slowly across the room. I glanced at the window and there he was, surreptitiously present in his house but with a clear view. It seemed an age that walk across the floor. Jess snatched up the towel with a mixture of genuine anger and amusement.
"There is something wrong with you, you massive pervert. We live opposite that man you know; we will see him every day." She glanced down at my cock. "Does that excite you? That our neighbour has seen your wife's tits covered in cum? That he's seen me well fucked?"
It did excite me and this time we fucked in our bed. I wanted to bend her over and fuck her there and then but she prevented it, leading me up the stairs by my cock and forcing me to take it slow. It was animalistic and pure -- the best fuck we had had in years. Her dirty talk spurred my own. "Do you think he is thinking about you now?" No answer but a deep moan. "I bet he is wanking off right now, just thinking about his beautiful neighbour." Deeper moans and a definite increase in pressure and rhythm. "He will be thinking about you like that as you model for him, about your tits covered in cum." She controlled the rhythm and, having cum so hard already, I lasted for a long time and she rode me to several loud, shattering, climaxes before I pumped deep into her with a primal scream. She had hold of my balls at the time, massaging them, squeezing out every last drop as I collapsed in a twitching heap over her shoulder.
"Well," I managed a few minutes of panting later.
"Mmmmm. That was naughty."
"Yes -- but fun. We should..." She'd fallen asleep.
Life got in the way in the following days as I had to dash out of the country for some firefighting and Jessica got roped into organizing a fundraising charity run to rescue the village hall. I got tired and frustrated but solved the issue. As a thank-you the corporate lizard-kings gifted me with an all expenses trip and tickets to the Venetian Masquerade Ball in Kensington, with two nights at the Dorchester, right at the end of summer. I remember grimacing slightly as I was told this in the full knowledge that Lady Jessica would spend fully twice the value of the gift buying the clothes and accessories required to actually attend it.
I was not wrong. An absolutely stunningly expensive dress was purchased. It was red and backless and (apparently) matched the tiny little wallet-breakers that came in a small box from Harrods. The ball wasn't until the end of September but still it held a mystical significance. Our diet changed. Gym equipment was brought down from the attic.
This was interesting to this story of our slide into debauchery in that it is what precipitated the near-obsession that my wife developed about 'tan-lines'; an unconsidered complication of the ludicrously priced back-less dress. Nothing in the world, apparently, was worse than having an unsightly stripe of white flesh across your back when elegantly poncing about in London with, for god sake, a mask on. What this led to was many hours of my wife lying in our garden on her front with her bikini top untied and loose down at her sides to ensure that her tan was even.
She was still modelling for Max, something that added rocket fuel to our sex lives. He took an age to finish the first portrait of her on the sunbed, taking exaggerated care to capture every angle and colour. The results were superb and it was clear that he was a fine artist. They did several more, with Jessica revelling in a range of poses in the garden, always in her bikini, always that mixture of provocative and pure. I always found it fascinating watching them talk and laugh. The man had seen her naked, as exposed as possible. She knew that he was aroused by her and yet there they were, laughing and joking with each other, as relaxed as could be.
A turning point came on the second hottest day of the year. Jessica was sunbathing outside, face down on her towel with her top off, the sun soaking her skin olive. I was watering the plants and caught the faint sound and shadow of Max entering his garden. The mischief stole into me quicker than I could react and suddenly the hose was aimed at Jessica and the water arced in a glorious, dangerous, unrecallable way -- glinting in the sunshine in slow motion and it swirled and shuddered on contact.
She let out a yelp and leapt to her feet with some very un-ladylike language, spotting me and taking two steps forward in fury to exact her terrible revenge. Two steps was as far as she got before she realised two important facts. Firstly, her tits were out -- their firm and rounded glory open to the sky and wind, her nipples already hardening in their freedom, the paleness making the revelation naughtier when contrasted with the tanned, unforbidden flesh. The second fact was that Max was leaning against his fence having just chosen that moment to ask me a question. Her yelp had drawn his eyes which, quite naturally, drifted down and up.
Now my wife is nothing if not composed. She saw all this and understood, in that fraction of a second, that if she flung herself away in embarrassment it would really only add to the mortification and that it was too late in any case: the damage was done. So she decided to own the moment and it was only with the very slightest pause in her stride that she joined us, a wide and confident smile on her face.
"Max was just asking if he could treat us to dinner a week on Friday."
Jess flipped her long hair over her shoulder and cocked an eyebrow at Max. "What's the occasion?"
Max kept his cool, holding her eyes. "Oh, nothing really -- just thought we could all get to know each other better." I bit back a laugh. "And it's been a while since I've eaten anywhere other than my kitchen table."
Jess looked to me, the unmistakable glint of defiance and fury in her flaring green eyes. "I think we are free, aren't we honey?" She knew I'd hate this. Friday nights were date nights and the idea of spending it with a third wheel was usually a nightmare for me. I nodded my agreement. I was surreal, being stood there, talking about such trivial things with my wife practically naked in front of another man. She look magnificent, her back straight, her tits swaying slightly, but without the slightest hint of embarrassment or shame. Why should she? She looked incredible and this was her own house.
I took pity on her and decided to put her out of her misery. "I'm getting a beer - where did you say your sarong was?" I asked, moving into the house.
She shot me a flash of spite, then offered me a butter-wouldn't-melt smile. "Oh, don't worry sweetie; I'm going to work on my tan-lines for a bit longer, you run along."
Well played. I beat my retreat into the house and opened my beer, admiring and wondering at my wife's new courage and exhibitionist streak. She was chatting animatedly to Max now, almost flirty with her body language and tone. This caused my cock to rise in appreciation and I pondered for a moment why this was so hot for me. It was fucked up, clearly, in the normal view of things. Our view of manhood should be one of jealous possessive rage. I should be violent and controlling according to the unwritten rules. But that was insecurity, that was the littleness that comes with being a small man. There was no danger of Jessica leaving me -- our bond was iron. This was just Éros, sexual passion, and it had nothing to do with the complexities of Agápe and Philia that ran through the core of our lives. Our sex lives had always been good -- we were a strong match -- but this...display, this showing off of the goddess that was my wife, it excited me in ways I'd not imagined. It elevated her to deity and object, queen and whore and I loved it. And I think she did as well.
I poured a glass of wine for Jess and headed back outside, only to find the two of them in Max's garden. He was in front of his easel and Jessica was posing for him. This pose I recognised. It was one of Jessica's favourite paintings and one she always taught to her advanced students: The Goddess Hera. It had some Greek name but that wasn't what was important. What was important was that Hera, the goddess of women and marriage, has her hands raised above her head, holding the rippling masses of her raven hair. This is an unabashedly sexy pose. No coy Birth of Venus hiding behind strands nonsense here, this is all about the breasts and by god they looked lovely.
Who suggested it, I wondered? How had it come up? I strolled up to Max who ignored me as he was totally focused on the page in-front of him and the scintillating view my wife was providing. She looked like a softcore porn actress posing for a magazine, not Lady Jessica from uptight close. Her eyes found mine and I saw vindicated triumph. I'd annoyed her and this was her reaction.Fineshe was sayingyou want him to see my tits? He can fucking paint them!
I kept my face straight, not quite ready to signal surrender and watched as Max turned rough lines into a gorgeous form with speed and skill. No one said a word as he worked and it was beyond surreal. Eventually Jess' arms got tired and broke the pose and the spell. Max offered his heartfelt thanks and cheekily suggested that "he could do the rest from memory."
Jess, still feisty, replied that "she could model for him again tomorrow to finish it off."
With that we went our separate ways. I was stunned at the speed of events but turned on beyond belief. So was Jess and her hands were all over me as soon as she was back through the door. She slapped me first, however.
"You sick fuck, he is old enough to be my father!"
I grabbed her and kissed her hard, my hand up to her breast. "That's the best thing that's ever happened to that old man."
She started pumping on my cock with her hand. "It won't be. You want me to show off? Do you?"
I hissed the words. "Yes."
She moaned as I kissed her neck and my fingers found her soaking. "Well I guess I can show off."
It was a good night and another first. Jess came hard and fast and often but when it was my turn she took me in her mouth and drained me; something she had not done before. It was intoxicating, seeing her lips around my cock as I pumped my seed into her; watching her swallow; feeling the swirl of her tongue on the head of my cock.
After that it was out there. We were exhibitionists who enjoyed showing Jess off, there was no point pretending otherwise. We didn't talk about it directly, English people don't do such things, but we did understand it and make alteration for this new kink in our life.
The most startling change came from the fact that Jess simply stopped wearing a bikini top in our garden. I would come back from work and find her pottering around with her gardening gloves on and her tits out to the world, her tan-lines vanishing.
She was often in Max's garden like this, as well. She continued to model for him and was helping him with odd jobs. The normalisation of her nudity was erotic and surreal. She would wonder around his house, comfortable there in just her Brazilian bottoms, while I was at work. Max pretended a coolness to the situation that I doubt he really felt. I'm sure the old bastard was slapping his sausage to the image of Jess at every possible moment alone. I know I was.
It was a week and a half of sharp and dizzying changes and I brought in one more.
It came in the form of Barney Thomas, who, you might remember, was the knuckle-dragging teenager who lived in the village and had drooled over seeing Jessica delivering the Newsletter. Barney played blind-side flanker for the Clifton Cougers. For our American cousins: a blind-side flanker is like a Linebacker but without the imagination or finesse. Barney was gloriously suited to the task of "smash" and was quite useful to the team. Unfortunately he was thick as shit and was struggling badly at school. One subject where he was really struggling was in Design where he was averaging an 'E'. They were going to ban him from playing, which would lead to us losing and I wasn't really in the market for defeat. Thankfully, as my wife was an 'Art and Design' teacher, I thought that I had the perfect solution to this problem.
Barney was reluctant at first. Two eighty minute sessions a week of his free time doing something he hated didn't fill him with joy but I really gave him no choice. Jess loved the idea. She loved helping people and had not taught Design for a while so was looking forward to re-acquainting herself. We cleared out my study and set up the first meeting.
To say that Barney was bowled over would not do it justice. He looked like a cartoon character with his jaw on the floor and his tongue hanging out as Jess introduced herself and shepherded him into our study. The kid was struggling to string a sentence together and Jess, even in a very modest summer dress, was a walking dream to him.
About halfway through their session Jess popped out of the study and into the kitchen to refill a drink while Barney worked on a problem she had set him. We caught each other's eye and burst out laughing. "Looks like you have a new fan."
She rolled her eyes. "Yes, well -- he is easily distracted. That's why I'm leaving him to a task for a moment!"
A naughty thought entered my mind. I looked down at her floaty white summer dress. "Take off your bra."
"What? No!"
I put command in my voice. "Do it."
She tilted her head sideways. "You're sick."
I reached behind her and unhooked the bra through her dress. To my surprise she just sighed and pulled the white bra out the top of her dress, leaving her breasts tantalisingly visible through the semi-transparent material. It wasn't obscene but it was enough to titillate. I upped the stakes by tweaking her nipples, earning an outraged stare. Now they looked scandalous, especially given the close proximity between the two of them and how she would be leaning into him during the lesson. They stood proud and obvious now and Jess swept past me and back into the office with her student.
I stayed in our bedroom, listening to the murmur of their voices. The electric tension of the moment was too much and I pulled out my aching cock and stroked it, my imagination on fire.
It was torture for all three of us. Finally I heard them get up and shuffle about and make plans for the next meeting. Barney took an age to get out of the house but finally I heard the front door close. Jess came looking for me and found me with my cock in my hand. She arched an eyebrow and wandered over, propping herself up next to me as I stroked myself.
"See you are enjoying yourself."
"Tell me what happened."
She sighed and grabbed hold of my cock, her hands a shock of cold. "The poor boy's eyes nearly popped out of his head, if that's what you are asking. He couldn't take his eyes off my tits, despite really trying to behave."
"Oh god."
Her stroking increased in pace. "Then he started getting a hard-on."
"Jesus."
"I could see the outline through his shorts." The pumping got faster. "He tried to hide it but his dick was huge! It looked like a snake up against his thigh."
"Hggnnn."
"That's what took him so long to leave. He was trying to lose his boner before he stood up. He didn't manage it completely. He was still at half mast when he turned to go."
I was nearly there, my balls were churning.
"Then as he left he squeezed past me, rubbing up against my tits."
I was clinging on for dear life.
"And I felt it as he brushed past, hard and solid."
I erupted in a volcanic surge, spraying up like a fountain as Jess pumped me, he hand covered, her dress splattered with spots of my cum.
The poor boy was in for it. The teasing escalated ever session. I had Jess dress up in daisy dukes and a slightly too short top, showing off her toned midriff for the next session. She enjoyed the challenge, putting her hair into pig-tails and wearing her cowgirl boots. Even I saw the outline of Barney's erection that time.
The tops got tighter and sheerer and we were working him into a state of near frenzy. I had Jess wear thick lipstick and was working up to her wearing a top that was very nearly lingerie bed-wear. The testosterone was sticking to the walls and, I think, infecting us with sexual deviancy. We fucked constantly, unlike anything we had done in our marriage or before. It was a daze, a dream of heat and passion. We fucked till we were past sore and caring, past the pain and pleasure and into the animal, the base rutting beings at our cores.
Soon the Friday arrived and Max turned up at our door to take us out for the promised meal. Jessica had been shopping for the occasion and insisted that I wear a smart suite and tie. I waited with Max, who was dressed in a smart shirt with rolled up sleeves, showing his powerful forearms for her to come down. It was worth the awkward minutes of small talk.
She came down the stairs in an angelic off the shoulder white dress. It was short, showing off her long tanned legs and the line of the top ran across the rising swell of her breasts. She left her long hair down and loose and she carried an elegance and freedom that recalled a bohemian princess. Max and I both drew breath as she floated down the stairs, her skin a flawless copper, her hair a midnight black. She winked at me then touched Max's arm. "My, aren't I a lucky girl. Two handsome dates."
We went to a very expensive restaurant -- the sort of place that gets a write up in the Times -- and the food was excellent. I am certain that the majority of the staff and other customers either thought that Max was Jess' hugely overprotective dad or that she was an eye-wateringly expensive escort and we were in for a wild night.
Max was excellent company. He was cultured, interesting and had a very dry sense of humour that had Jess in stiches often. Max kept the wine flowing and by the time the ornate desserts arrived we were past merry and into slurry speech territory. He talked about his late wife, how they had been childhood sweethearts and how she had always waited for him when he was on deployment, and how devastated he had been since she died suddenly, a victim of a drunk driver. "Not had much female company since Glenda, really. That's why it's so nice to have Jessica here just over the fence! I'd started to forget what a real woman looks like. They were all turning into sixty year old biddies who scowl at me for not going to church."
Being out in the sticks it was a forty-minute taxi ride back to Greendale and Jess was not quite ready to call it a night. "Let's go dancing!" she exclaimed as Max paid the bill and I groaned. I hated dancing, but how could I resist? So the three of us stumbled into town, weaving arm in arm like sailors down the dimly lit streets, dodging students and lad-packs who would wolf-whistle at Jess and taunt Max as 'grandpa' - I luckily knew of a quirky little club slightly off the beaten track.
The club was small and classy -- no idiot DJ or packs of pissed lads. They had live music on and that evening it was a swing band, which delighted Jess. I settled us into a booth, where I intended to stay until I passed out, and took charge of ordering drinks. Max had been remarkably generous but it was time to pay back and I'm pretty sure I had the bigger wallet. Time for some bubbles.
As I ordered I felt Jess press up against me in the booth. Her hot mouth up against my ear. "Pleeeeeaaase can we dance?" The whining was anticipated but I stood firm. I wasn't going to fall over and embarrass myself here. She pouted and mock-sulked. "Fine!" she stood, her dress swishing around her legs like a flapper girl from the twenties, and she took Max's bewildered hand. "I'll just dance with someone else!"
I shrugged and Max shrugged and allowed himself to be dragged off to the sparsely populated dance floor. A very pretty waitress delivered the champers and I sipped contentedly and watched as Jess and Max danced. Max, once again, surprised me. He was an excellent dancer. Swing dancing must have been something he had learnt in his past as he was commanding and graceful. They made a fine couple together, he tall and powerful and assertive, she small and lithe and lively, gyrating and rotating in his orbit, an energetic thrusting and moving of hands and feet. The music was spirted and lively and they were so good together that the attracted a small following. They moved close together, their bodies always touching, their movements close and familiar, more than dancers less than lovers. It was entrancing and I just gazed at them for number after number, sipping and getting hard.
Then the band stopped and the spell was broken. Max excused himself to the Gents and Jess came skipping back to me, her face wide with happiness. She was beyond frisky, setting her hand straight into my lap and giving me a lingering, tongue filled kiss. "Did you see us? Weren't we good?"
"You looked great, he is a great dancer."
She put her lips up to my ear. "I felt his cock; he is very hard for me. I could feel it rubbing up against me as we danced. It's so big; it's so big and hard."
I remember not even feeling the shock. I snaked a hand up her dress, feeling how soaking her panties were. "Tell me more."
"He felt up my tits. It looked an accident but it wasn't. His big hands roamed over them. My arse too. Are you mad?"
I slipped a finger past her panties and her eyes widened in shock and pleasure. "No. You enjoy yourself and I'll enjoy watching you."
She closed her eyes in drunken pleasure and breathlessly asked. "How far? How far can..."
"As far as you want. I'll say your mother's name if I want you to stop, is that OK? You do the same if you want me to step in."
She kissed me again, the faint taste of lipstick. "I can't believe this is happening."
I watched her go, her short dress riding high up her thighs as she intercepted Max and dragged him back to the dancefloor. They danced a lively number and then the band suddenly shifted into slow music and they came together, close and quiet, for a slow-dance. They were pressed up against each other, his hand down by her ass, or on it, hers around his neck. I cursed my night-vision and was pondering abandoning our booth to get a closer look when I was ambushed by a group of very drunk and very loud middle-aged women on a hen party, who staggered into our booth. It was bottles of bubbly and three forthright invitations before I could persuade them to move on -- by which time I lost sight of Max and my wife in the club. I looked around, staggering slightly as I was pretty close to shit-faced, when I eventually found them whispering to each other in a corner, holding hands.
Jess grinned at me when she spotted me, in no way breaking contact with Max or looking abashed at all holding another man's hands in-front of me. "We saw you were busy with your new guests, so we thought we would give you some room."
"Charming, they were. Although one of them did offer me a room for the night."
Jess made a mock jealous face. "Well, Max here has been persuading me to continue this party back at his place. What do you reckon husband of mine, shall we call it a night?"
I nodded and we shuffled out of the club, Max and Jess hand in hand like high-school lovers and with me as their chaperone. A cab was waiting outside and the three of us shuffled in, with Jess in the middle of us. A dour looking eastern European put our address into his satnav and we set off. The sexual tension was palpable and Jess had a hand on each of our thighs. She was nervous, all of a sudden, and I thought that she might cry-off and take me home.
But Max wasn't through with this evening. He was clearly aroused and I think that the teasing, the bikini's, the topless painting, the proximity to such a siren, was too much for him and he was damned if he was going to let the opportunity pass itself up. He didn't question the fact that I seemed fine with this, why would he? He just rolled with it. He moved one of his big hands and placed it over Jess' smaller, delicate one on his thigh. He picked it up and then placed something in it from his pocket. Jess' face flushed and her breathing quickened as Max spoke, his voice full of command.
"Give them to him."
"No..."
"Now."
Trembling, Jess' hand moved over to mine and what she gave me made my heart jump. It was her bunched up thong. The lost moments in the club ached as the thong pooled around my rising cock. Max was aggressive now, his hand moving up to fondle a breast and his mouth worked its way up Jess' swan-like neck. She moaned and moved her hand up his trousers, gripping the visible outline of his cock. "Fuuuck. Sweetie, it's so big."
I moved her hand up to my cock and just marvelled at her. She was kissing Max now, her full lips wrapped around his as she sat between us, two cocks in her hands, her thong a soaking puddle in my lap. She looked beyond divine and she was burning with desire.
I caught the cabbie looking through the rear-view mirror and was impressed that he was keeping the car on the road. I winked at him and grabbed a handful of Jess' tit, squeezing then suddenly pulling down on her off-the-shoulder dress. She was bra-less and her tits were gloriously free. Now the car swerved a little but credit to the driver, he kept his shit together well.
Sooner than I thought possible I the headlights lit up the friendly 'Greendale' sign and the cabbie was reluctantly pulling up to Max's door. I reached into my wallet and pulled out a £50 note and handed it to him. "You didn't see nothing, right?" He grinned and nodded.
Jess had started to pull her top up but was stopped by Max. "No, leave it down; I want to see you walk into my house like that."
She looked over to me and I just nodded. Her submissive acceptance of Max's commands turned me on and I got to watch as she shuffled out of the cab with her dress bunched around her waist. Then she stood in the moonlight, topless on the road as we made our way into Max's house. The cabbie took one last lingering look at her ass and bare, supple back before shaking his head in admiration. "Have fun," he said as he pulled off into the night.
The bunched dress was causing Jess problems and I was treated to one of the many unforgettable sights I had that night: my wife, shimmying and stepping out of her dress on the front path to my neighbour's house. Naked as the day she was born apart from her heels, her jewellery and her perfume. Her strong straight back gleamed in the soft glow of the streetlamp, and I watched as she bent a leg and flicked up the dress from the floor into her hand and continued on, arm in arm with another man, in full view of any night-owl neighbours looking to see who might be driving around little Greendale at that time of night.
She walked like a catwalk model, her heels clicking on the hard stone, the curve of her ass quivering with every sultry step. There was an awkward moment at the doorstep as Max fumbled with his keys but Jess was too excited, too drunk, too turned-on to chicken out now. She turned and threw me her dress, freeing up her hands - which she wrapped around Max's waist, pulling herself against him.
He swept her up in his arms and carried her over the threshold and I followed after, Jess' musical laugh ringing in my ears. I didn't know what to expect in the next few moments but Max wasted no time whatsoever, afraid, perhaps, that the magic of the moment could be broken at any moment. He threw Jess down onto his sofa and followed her down, sinking to his knees, his grizzled face sliding up her thighs and his mouth clamping down on her pussy with determination. I saw Jess' eyes widen in surprise then roll back in pleasure as his tongue found its mark.
Her little hands and long, delicate fingers gripped into the grey and white of his hair as she arched her back in delight, her tits proud and rising. My cock, already hard, was aching and I distracted myself by making my way to the bar and pouring a round of drinks for everyone. My hands were shaking and the only sounds were the slurping of Max's tongue and the moans of my wife, who was clearly building to climax.
I took a deep from my tumbler, the whiskey a delightful burn as I moved to the back of the sofa, holding Jess' head, stroking her tits as Max licked her. Her eyes opened and found mine and we kissed, another man between her legs. She gripped my forearm as she started to cum.
"Oh. God. Oh. Yeeessss....."
Her legs wrapped around Max's head and her body quivered and she looked me straight in the eye as the wave crested. "I love you," I whispered.
"I need to suck his dick, sweetie. I love you but I need..."
I nodded and moved away, letting her stand. Max, hearing, pulled his shirt over his head revealing a muscled body matted with greying fur. He pulled his trousers down in a swift motion and released an absolute python of a cock.
It was obscene. Thick as Jess' wrist, veined, and angry as a startled cobra. The cock stood proud above two massive balls which Max brought to rest on the edge of the sofa, smiling as Jess stared, transfixed at his manhood. It was then that I noticed the portrait behind her. It was of Jess, topless, looking out at Max's living room in sultry confidence. There it hung, unmistakably my wife, her tits painted is exquisite detail for all to see. How many visitors would look upon this painting? It was as decadent as the moment.
She wrapped a nervous hand around the shaft and found that her fingers just touched and she slid up and down on him. I freed my own cock at this point, far beyond the point of control. The other hand joined and she stood, pumping him for a moment, biting her lip in adorable trepidation and lust. Max sighed and settled back in the sofa, which triggered my wife to drop to her knees in supplication in front of him. She pumped him again, slowly, and I watched as the pre-cum oozed down his long shaft and along her long fingers. Then her mouth was on him and we were not in Kansas any longer.
Jess was an infrequent but excellent cock-sucker. Her mouth, unusually small, felt warm and tight around your cock and she would swirl her tongue on the underside and she worked you. The sight of her thick lips sliding up the shaft, her tongue darting out and licking, her emerald eyes holding yours was enough to send you erupting into her swallowing throat in rapid speed.
What she did to Max can only really be described as worship. She started by licking the tip, cleaning up the pre-cum with quick flicks of her tongue, and then getting to work with long licks down the shaft. She was then planting kisses on the cock and suddenly she was bobbing her head up and down on it, her eyes closed, trying to stuff as much of his meat into her as she could. Her long hair was swaying in waves along her back and I watched as Max grabbed a fistful of it and pulled Jess down deeper onto his cock, deeper, deeper until he was in her throat. Deeper still and yet she didn't choke although I was sure I could see distention. He was fucking her mouth now; long deep strokes as he controlled her head and she had opened her eyes and was looking up to him.
He grunted and paused. "Stick out your arse," he commanded and she obeyed: shimming into all fours, the cock still in her mouth, her perfect arse on perfect display. He reached out with his big hands and grabbed her arse-cheeks, then slapped them, hard, eliciting a moan from Jess' cock filled mouth. He slapped her again then slipped his fingers into her, fingering her as she sucked him deeper. Then he abruptly sat back. "Suck on my balls."
Jess came off his cock with a gasp, saliva dripping down her lipstick clad lips, her mascara running, looking as beautiful as I'd ever seen her. She stared at him for a moment, strangely indecisive. She'd never done that with me, nor any boyfriend as far as I knew.
"Suck on them, now."
Her resistance wilted and I understood the submissive side to her that I'd missed all these years. Goddamn me and my respect and care, what I needed was some alpha commands. Jess pumped his cock with her hands as she gingerly took one enormous ball in her mouth at a time. I saw her licking them and somehow this pushed me over the edge. The taboo of having her do something new and depraved with Max, servicing him for his pleasure, was electric and I needed release.
I took a few short steps and grabbed her hips. I wasted no time and ploughed into her. I was astounded at how wet she was, how ready to be fucked. She was tight as well, velvety and smooth and I loved how her back arched as I slid into her. Max liked it as well as he sat up, watching as I thrust harder. He grabbed his massive meat and then fed it to Jess' moaning mouth -- then suddenly it was our first threesome, our first spit-roast; Jess dangling between cocks, hovering on a horizon of lust, each pumping in a rhythm that started to synchronise, to pulsate.
I don't know how long this lasted, this carnal using of my wife, but I did know that I wouldn't last much longer. "I'm going to cum babe, I'm going to cum."
Quick as a flash Jess whipped around and was on her knees, like a porn goddess - as un-like Lady Jessica of Privilege as imaginable -- and she took control of my cock, ramming it into her mouth and moaning loudly as she throated me. I took a handful of heartbeats before I erupted into her mouth, screaming in primal release as I flooded her, the pent-up tension of the night, the months, finally giving way. Her cheeks billowed and some cum escaped the corner of her mouth before she swallowed it down. I watched as the dribble made its way down her chin and dripped onto her nipple.
Jess smiled up at me, laughing as I staggered back, my knees buckling, landing in a heap on one of Max's armchairs. Then she was squealing as Max swept her up, then her expression changed as she felt the hardness of his monster between her legs. He kissed her neck and massaged her tits as he held her in the air, his cock between her thighs. Then he took a step back and settled on the sofa and Jess was on top of him, her back to his chest, a sort of reverse cowgirl position, but with her feet on his knees.
My body was shaking as I watched the previously unthinkable happen. I watched as my wife lowered herself onto another man's cock, her face a picture of lust and determination. She impaled herself with beautiful slowness, wriggling with every descending inch, her breathing heavy and she worked the gigantic tool into her. His girth was staggering and pleasure and pain flitted across her face, already beaded with sweat and stray strands of slick hair. The moment stretched as her hips lowered then her eyes shot open and she grunted hard, plummeting those final impossible inches until his heavy balls sat snugly by her ass-cheeks. Her green eyes found mine. What did I see? Love, certainly, but delirium too -- a lust so powerful that it had overwhelmed the sense of herself. This wasn't Jess anymore, this was a fucktoy, a being of pleasure and wanted to give pleasure. She groaned again as she started to ride him. Then she began to speak. Flithy words, words that I'd never thought I'd hear coming from her posh, proper mouth.
"His fucking cock is filing me up honey. He is stretching my p...oh god...my pussy out so much. Fuck."
And so it went on as she built into a rhythm, repeatedly impaling herself on his monster. My own cock rose in saluting admiration of the scene and soon I was stroking it again, quicker as Jess crested to another huge orgasm. Screaming as she bucked and shook on another man's cock, lost in bliss.
"I'm cuuuuuuming. Oh fuck. I'm..I'm...I'm..."
Max planted his big hands on her shoulders and pulled her down on him, balls deep, pushing into depths I'd never reached as she shuddered again and again, totally spent.
When she was a rag-doll on top of him, still impaled, but still now, breathing hard and drenched in sweat, he picked her up and bent her over the arm of the sofa, facing me. He positioned himself behind her and then slid in, rough and hard. Her face widened in surprise at the insertion and then he was slamming into her, ramming with forceful thrusts that pulsed thorough her body and filled the room with the sound of his balls slapping into her, again and again.
Jess was a creature of grunts and whispers now, sub-human, existing on a single plane of sensation and what control she had over the situation she gave over to Max entirely.
The old boy was enjoying himself now. He grabbed a fistful of Jess' long hair and wrapped it around his hand, using it as a lever to pound her harder with it -- arching her back further. He was talking now too and the sound of it cut through me.
"You're a good little whore, aren't you? A good little fuck-puppet. Oh, I've dreamed of this moment. Ever since I saw you delivering those newsletters like a filthy slut I've dreamed of pounding this ass. Do you like it? Do you like my big boy?"
She mumbled a reply.
"Say it louder, fuck-puppet -- do you like my monster cock?"
"Yes. Yes I love it."
"Good. You're going to get it now. Every day. I'm going to use you constantly, like you deserve."
"Oh. God. I'm cumming again!"
Max turned up the speed then I watched as he slid his thumb casually into her asshole, causing Jess to whimper and wriggle. This again was new. We didn't do anal play, much to my disappointment, but here she was, getting her brains fucked out with a thumb in her ass from our older neighbour -- and loving it.
I lost track of time, watching them fuck like that. I know I came again, this time splattering myself. It was a marathon fuck and Jess was cumming continuously while Max was a master of control, imperious. I can't imagine how he didn't pop sooner -- all that teasing, all that provocation, Jess' tight mouth and pussy -- I'd have been gone hours ago.
Eventually Max changed positions again, pushing Jess down onto his thick woollen rug infront of his fire. He pusher her legs out wide and then mounted her missionary. I watched as he held her ankles, opening herself up to him. He pounded away like a man on a mission, furious with his power. Jess was screaming now, loud and guttural with every savage thrust. Her hands wandered down to Max's thrusting ass and now she was pulling him in deeper, urging him, begging him.
One hand then snaked up to his neck and pulled his face in for an intimate kiss while the other dropped down and cupped his balls -- massaging them, urging them to plant seed deep within her.
Finally Max was beaten. "Where shall I cum?" he grunted, not slowing. Jess surged up to him in response, pulling him deeper.
"In me, come in me! I want to feel it!"
And like that the dam burst and Max was pumping into her, straining like a man about to die, filling my wife with gallons of sperm as she milked his balls and sucked his tongue. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen and it is burned in my memory forever. Max flopped to the floor then, spent. His monstrous cock was still semi-hard and covered in his cum and Jess' cum.
Jess surprised me again. Not content with just being filled with another man's sperm she crawled up to Max and started to lick his cock clean. Savouring the taste of him, ensuring that all drops were slurped up and deposited deep in her body. She wanted to waste nothing it seemed.
It was beyond all depravity and I loved it.
But she didn't quit. Her mouth kept moving on his cock and, shockingly given his age and what I'd just witnessed, he started to get hard again.
Jess was a patient woman. She knew the value of persistence and hard work and she showed it here, sucking on that cock for a good half an hour as it recovered itself. I couldn't understand what I was seeing -- my wife, filled with cum, worshiping a dick that wasn't mine.
Soon Max was bucking his hips against her mouth again but he then surprisingly stood up. "Let's take this upstairs. I'm going to fuck you all night, you fucking whore."
So the pair of them stood. Jess shot me a glance and asked. "Is this OK?"
I nodded, shaking and then they were off, holding hands and heading upstairs.
Minutes later I heard them -- the bedhead slapping against the wall, Jess moaning and Max's hand slapping against her flesh. I poured myself a drink.
I don't know when I fell asleep but I awoke to a quiet, empty house. It was morning and light was making sharp columns along the walls, dappling Jess' portrait in shadow and bright. I could hear a lawnmower somewhere in the village and my head pounded with the empty whiskey bottle that was cradled in my arm.
I pulled on my trousers and crept up the stairs, half-staggering, searching for Jess. I found her in Max's room, in his bed. She was a naked dishevelled mess. Her body was caked in cum and she was the little spoon to Max's hulking frame. She looked peaceful and content and so I left her there, walking out the back door of Max's house and into my own.
I showered and brushed my teeth then peered out of our bedroom window -- one that looked directly across to Max's. There I saw Jess awake.
She was being fucked again, this time doggy. Her tits were swaying under her as Max took another luxurious turn. Pounding her. Using her for his pleasure, as his toy. My cock instantly rose and I watched, stroking myself to climax.
Jess arrived an hour or so later, wearing a pair of Max's boxers and one of his old tee-shirts, carrying her dress and shoes. She looked tired and sore and I hugged her tightly as she came in the front door.
I let her clean herself up and made breakfast. We ate in a contemplative silence. Jess was sheepish and looked to be sinking further into guilt and shame. After a while I addressed the elephant in the room. "Last night was the most erotic night of my life Jess. I don't regret a minute of it. I love you more, if anything. I loved watching how beautiful you looked, how free."
She cried then and I held her close. "Thank you. Th...th... How did I ever find such a perfect man?"
"It was your tits."
She slapped my arm and wiped away her tears. "Itwasfun."
I nodded. "Looks like it was this morning too."
She blushed. "The man is insatiable. He had me twice more in the night after you fell asleep as well. I'm surprised I could even walk over."
"You look so hot together."
She was quiet for a moment. "You know he will want more. He has said so. He will want to fuck me regularly now -- he is so...dominant like that."
"Will you let him?"
She looked up sharply. "Only if you let me. I'll never do anything without your consent; never."
"Well then; I give you my consent on one condition."
"And what is that?"
"You film it so I can see."
****
And so that is what ended up happening, that long summer. I would go to work and my wife would go about her day but then the texts would start arriving. It would be of Jess in the garden on her knees, her mouth around Max's cock, her pruning shears abandoned in the grass behind her.
Or I would be in a meeting, ranting and raving at my incompetent staff, wheedling and kow-towing to my god-like superiors, when my phone would buzz and there she would be: riding him on our kitchen table, her smile one of cheek and pleasure.
It's a wonder she didn't kill the old bastard.
We started a new, totally wrong, totally perverted bed time ritual. When Jess was ready for bed, in her silk chemise or her satin babydoll; I would send her across to Max to 'give him a bedtime kiss'. She would pad over to his house on her little bare feet, out the back door, across the patios, into his house and she would find him somewhere and say goodnight.
Sometimes he would be in his living room, watching television on the couch where he first fucked her and he would give her a quick kiss and send her away. Other times he would be on his computer in his study and would have her suck him off as he watched porn, filling her little mouth and belly with his cum before she came back to my bed. Every now and then I would wait for ages, hours, while he fucked her and I'd fuck her again before we slept.
I thought that seeing her fuck another man would scratch the itch I had about showing her of but I was wrong. The thrill of exposing her to other men was still as electric as ever and this started to focus more and more on poor Barney.
His tuition sessions were continuing and there was a wickedness to the fact that he was often sat next to Jess when her pussy was full of Max's spunk. He was more comfortable and confident around Jess now and had even started a clumsy sort of flirting with her, lingering for a coffee after the time was over, offering to help mow the lawn, trim the branches on the trees -- anything to be around her more often.
I kept ramping up the raunchiness of the outfits she wore around him. Her fall into submissive sexual objectification made this easier and more thrilling than I thought possible. I think she felt she couldn't justifiably argue against wearing tight bodysuits without a bra when she had just sucked off the elderly neighbour.
It became one of my favourite games and Jess, privately educated, university graduated with first class honours, became my dressing up doll. I'd lay out the outfit on the bed before the session and she would wear it. I believe we were driving the poor boy insane.
His grades soared however. While he got little done in the sessions he was beyond eager to please and impress Jess and so worked in his spare time like a demon. He played Rugby like a madman as well, smashing into people with gusto and showing some skills I didn't think he was capable of. This revealed, however, a problem -- his aerobic fitness wasn't up to scratch.
And so, somehow, they ended up jogging together. They would meet up outside our house in the early mornings and things took a pleasingly cyclical turn as Jess wore the outfit that started the whole odyssey. They would run together and Barney would try to look and not-look and not crash into trees as Jess' heaving bosom juggled next to him.
As the weather got hotter she would wear her high-waisted, tight running shorts and they would arrive back at the house dripping with sweat and laughing. They looked good running side by side. Her smallness next to his hulking physicality. Her controlled composure and his bustling, restless energy. They made an aesthetically pleasing pair, contrasting in different ways to Jess and Max but intriguing nonetheless.
I wondered what Barney would think, if he found out that Jess was fucking our neighbour with my consent. The ritual of the morning jog filtered into our general naughtiness. On more than one occasion Jess, having spent the night with Max, was forced to sneak back into our house, Barney waiting at our door, across the gardens and rapidly dress, still coated in cum, for the jog.
The summer wore on. It felt endless, that sun soaked season. I was drunk often, fucking often, a bon viveur who should have felt that his life was sliding out of control but somehow felt the opposite. Jess and I were stronger than strong. We had never felt so close, so attracted to each other. The move to Greendale had re-ignited us as a married couple; it had blown away cobwebs that we hadn't even noticed had settled in.
We played tennis on the village green where the committee had put up a net and painted out some lines, to bring Wimbledon to the countryside. I mixed the Pimms as Jess set pulses racing in her cute tennis dress and lack of sports-bra. We laughed and enjoyed ourselves with a freedom that we'd never experienced in the city. Then Jess went over to Max's and he fucked her in the dress on his newly mowed lawn while I watched, her toes curling as she came again and again. It was glorious.
Around this time the Clifton Cougers enjoyed and impressive run of wins and Barney was selected as a standout player from the county. This was fairly expected -- what was unexpected was his award for outstanding coursework in Design. He'd somehow gone from class dunce to being awarded some prize or other in London. It was apparently a big deal and there was a fancy lunch and some press coverage. Jess was over the moon and took my teasing in good humour.
She was less pleased when Barney told her that he couldn't attend. The event was black tie, he explained, and the invite was for him 'plus one'. He didn't have anyone he could take as all his mates were attending the RFU charity ball that was, unfortunately, on the same day, in the evening. If he'd had a girlfriend, he added balefully, he would have taken her, but as it was he decided against wandering around a party on his own. He didn't even fancy going to the Rugby ball all on his own. All the other county players he knew had dates, so he sulked and refused to go. Jess rallied. Couldn't he go to both? The awards ceremony was earlier and the two events were walking distance, why not pick up the award then move across to celebrate with the rugby boys?
I heard them discussing the problem in our kitchen. She was wearing a white halter-neck playsuit that plunged nearly to her midriff. The curve of her arse was enticing but even with these distractions the warmth of her smile is probably what made Barney want to fuck her so badly. Jess was leaning against the counter, a large glass of merlot in one hand. Barney had his arms folded and was scowling at the floor a couple of feet away from her, staring at his jeans in stubborn refusal.
"I'll look a tit on my own. Lads are always teasing me about not having a lass."
Jess touched his arm. "They're just silly boys; it won't matter -- they'll be glad you went."
I noticed the sad glass of water in front of Barney and sighed. I opened the fridge and cracked open a beer, handing it to Barney. Jess raised her eyebrow. "He's eighteen -- and he deserves it for a hard season, well done."
Barney took an exaggerated swallow of the beer. "No -- you don't understand. There's this dance."
It turned out that there was a tradition that each player had to do a traditional ceilidh -- strip the willow for those familiar with the sadistic nature of this Scottish hell -- and a waltz. It was how they opened the ball and Barney would rather die than fall foul of some obscure tradition, so refused to go.
I opened Barney another beer and refilled Jess' glass as we discussed the problem in more depth. Barney was adamant that he couldn't just turn up.
"Are there no nice girls you could ask around here?"
Barney snorted. "No. None that'd take me anyhows. Besides, they are all skanky, no classy women around like you Mrs. Bancroft." He paused for a second. "None as hot neither!"
Jess had the good grace to laugh about this and act flattered. "Nonsense! I'm far too old. I bet there are dozens of teenage girls queuing up for a tall muscly specimen like you."
Barnaby leaned forward, suddenly eager. "No way Mrs. Bancroft! You're way prettier than the girls from around here! God, I'd do anything to ba...to go on a date with a girl like you." He looked away, suddenly aware of what he was saying, colour rising to his youthful cheeks.
Jess laughed, her high tinkling voice shattering the tension. "You're quite the flatterer."
"Besides," Barney went on, quick to move the conversation, "I don't even know how to dance."
This provoked a howl of disbelief from Jess and bewildered, sorrowful confirmations from the hulking teenager. I laughed at Jess' outrage and informed her that had she seen Barney's footwork during games she wouldn't be so surprised at his lack of dancing. This in turn elicited a vigorous defence of his footwork from Barney, who demonstrated his side-stepping to general mirth followed by an example of his short-stepping into a tackle, where he put his huge shoulder up against Jess' midriff.
We were interrupted by our landline ringing. Jess answered. "Yes? Of course I can; I'd love too. I'll be over just now."
She hung up and turned to me. "I just have to pop next door sweetie, Max has been working on something he wants to show me."
I nodded and Barney and I watched her go, her ass a picture in her tight playsuit. He was about to finish up his beer and make his excuses when I stopped him.
"Hang about; the Semi-final should be starting up about now." I flipped the channels and sure enough, the rugby was just getting underway. Barney settled into our couch and I opened another beer.
It was a great game with two well-balanced teams giving it everything. Barney was enjoying his beer and was three or four in by half time. My mind was mostly on what was happening next door. He was fucking her, of that I was certain. The anticipation, the agony of not knowing was delicious. How was it happening? Why now?
My phone buzzed and Jess put me out of my misery.
Sorry for the delay, Max was eager.
Why did he call you over?
Why do you think? Xxx
Details!
He has been doing some DIY. Look.
She sent me a picture that made my cock jump. It was of Jess getting ploughed on Max's bed, her legs wrapped tight against his muscled back, one hand holding the flashing phone. She was biting her lip and digging her nails into his shoulder-blade. It took me a minute to work out how I could see her phone but then I got it. The dirty fucker had installed a ceiling mirror.
It took a moment to sink in. It was outrageous, presumptuous and hilarious. The man had made major modifications to his house so he could better watch himself fuck my wife. It was flattering and disturbing at the same time.
Want to see more?
Fuck yes.
OK xxx
The next shot was of her riding Max and the old bastard was clearly happy as Larry with his new installation. Jess' back was arched and her hands were on his knees in conventional cowgirl, Max's big right hand snapped the picture as his left gave me a thumbs up. At this point I feel like making my excuses and pretending I need a shit so I can wank off my erection.
One more? Want a vid this time?
Plz. Xxx

The video was of Jess on her knees by Max's bed. I could see the crumpled playsuit by her side. She was working both her little hands up and down his monster and licking the underside, begging, just begging him for his cum. When he obliged it was like a torrent, flooding across her face and into her open mouth. Just as the video finished Barney roared in excitement, nearly making me drop the phone. Something exciting in the game, I guessed, but my mind was still reeling.
I'll be back in a couple of minutes sweetie, just cleaning up xxx

I got to my feet and unsteadily walked into the kitchen, opening two more beers automatically. Barney still had half of his and looked at me quizzically, but then shrugged, downing his spare like a true rugger lad.
We were a little bit pissed by the time the game ended and Jess made her way back into the house, looking fresh and fabulous. She was back in her playsuit but her hair was slightly different -- up in pigtails now. Her cheeks were rosy and she carried that aura and musk about her that told you she was a freshly fucked woman. I'd grown to love it.
Barney sat up immediately as Jess returned. She smiled at him, pouring herself a glass of wine. "Enjoy the game boys? Sorry, I was a little held up."
"It was great Mrs B. Great watching it on the curved screen."
She rolled her eyes and switched on the radio, moving the gathering into the kitchen and away from the TV, which I turned off. "Boys. I see no difference really," she held up a hand to forestall Barney's inevitable riposte, "and I don't care it there is one. Besides, this misses the real issue. Have you decided to attend this award ceremony yet?"
Barney groaned. He didn't want to go but he didn't want to disappoint Jess and this was putting him in a difficult position. "I just can't Mrs. B, I told you -- I can't dance. I've never done a waltz in my life!"
"It's not that hard," Jess protested, "even left-feet over there can Waltz. Come here, let's show him."
So she changed the music and we inexpertly twirled around the kitchen in a dance that was nothing like a waltz. I was a little buzzed and very horny and the only reason I let her was that I wanted to press up close to her, let her feel my hardness.
We danced close until the music stopped and then Jess grinned up at me and we shared a secret smile. I kissed her then, a lover's tender kiss and Barney was breathless as he watched us.
"No fucking way I'll ever do that! Sorry for my language Mr and Mrs B, but there is no way I'll be able to dance like that in two weeks; we should just forget about it."
Jess wasn't having it. She was like a dog with a bone. "Anyone can do it! All you need to do is practice!"
"What? On my own?"
I pushed Jess towards him with a nudge of my hip, causing her to take a laughing forward step. "Go on, teach him honey, you're the teacher."
She glanced over a shoulder with an adorable raised eyebrow but this was mock innocence. She knew what I wanted and it was what she wanted as well. She whistled and pointed in front of her. "Come Barney. Here, good boy."
He shambled forward, nervous but unwilling to turn away this chance to be so close and even touch my wife. The beers were in him as well, giving him courage. She spent a few moments showing him where to set his hands and how to stand. I liked how his big hand fit around her tiny waist. Then she started the music and they started their halting way across the kitchen.
He was stiff and ungainly, she was graceful and patient and, in a surprisingly short time, with fewer feet stamped on than I'd guessed, they were doing something that could be recognised as a waltz. When the music stopped Jess clapped her hands like a schoolgirl and jumped up and down, causing her tits to bounce deliciously and Barney's eyes to nearly pop out of his head.
She made him dance it again and this time they were a lot smoother, their bodies closer, his hand more guiding and forceful. When the music ended Jess was purring with delight and wanted to go again but I stopped her.
"Whoa, give the poor bloke a beer break. I've seen how poor his stamina is."
"Okay -- but we are doing another dance after that. I might teach you to rumba."
Barney sat down and fairly necked the beer I'd poured for him. He was nearly shaking with arousal by now and Jess was thoroughly enjoying herself. Barney then showed a flash of unsuspected insight and subtly. "This is great Mrs. B, but I'll forget by tomorrow. I wish you could teach me this every day, like you did with Design."
There was a pregnant pause and Jess and I traded looks. I shrugged at her and she breezily agreed. "Sure Barney, why not. If it'll get you to that awards ceremony I'll teach you all sorts of dances."
Barney beamed and we got another round of drinks in. It came pouring out of him then. There was a girl that he wanted to ask to accompany him, after all. She was called Amy and she seemed sort of into him, but he was far too shy to ask her. After some gentle probing it turned out that he was crippling afraid of "the kiss". Turned out the poor kid had never kissed a girl before. We didn't tease him about it, although I was sorely tempted, as it clearly had upset him. It was something that he had clearly wound into this huge issue and it was not crippling him.
"What if I do it wrong and she laughs at me? What if she tells her mates?"
There was no calming him, despite Jess' best efforts. He started to look a little depressed by it all so Jess hauled him to his feet and launched into teaching him how to rumba. If you don't know it then you should look it up -- it's a very sexy dance, very passionate. Now I'm not saying that Barney is a clumsy oaf who couldn't side-step a jumbo jet but there was something miraculous about how he moved with Jess. The utter concentration and fluid movement in his body, how he slid up and down her, how his hands savoured each fleeting contact, each darting motion, was mesmerising. I actually gave them a round of applause as they finished, Jess dangling off one arm, her back bent, an arm in the air, her leg bent and raised at the knee...
Now the lad was very excited. He'd never danced with a woman as pretty as Jess, nor danced at all. He was also fairly drunk by this point so when he said: "Mrs. B! You're the best teacher in the world; If only you could teach me how to kiss," I imagine he might have meant to say it in his head.
There was a silence, Jess still on his arm and the boy going bright crimson as he realised what he had just said.
Now the boy had his excuses and I was if anything as wasted as he was, but it was my horny dick talking when I stepped into that silence before the awkward backpedalling. "Go on love, teach him!"
Jess turned her head and peered at me quizzically. "Help the poor kid out!"
The world moved in slow motion as she straightened, standing, released from that final pose. She stood for a second in front of him, hopelessly smaller, totally in command. Then she moved decisively, grabbing the back of his neck with her hand and pulling his face into hers for a hard kiss.
It was hard to tell with the angle but this looked like a proper tongue kiss. It lasted for a good minute or two and the air was crackling with sexual tension. Then they broke away and Barney gasped for air, stunned. Jess stepped away from him.
"Thus endeth today's lesson. If you practice your dance moves like a good little student we might have lesson two tomorrow."
We ushered the bewildered Barney out into the night and then turned on each other like animals. We fucked in desperate passion and Jess sent me over the edge with one final addition to our bedroom repertoire. "In my ass, I want you to finish in my ass."
*
The practice sessions continued the next day. Barney arrived, sheepish, frightened that he had done something wrong but unwilling to even consider the idea that he could miss out on what he got the night before.
Jess cleared away our library, pushing the furniture to the corners, leaving a large empty space of polished wooden floor. The best bit about this set-up was that I was able to watch them from my office, the two doors left open, while I 'worked'.
Jess dressed in leggings and a sports bra; her toned midriff on display. She wore her long hair in a ponytail and her feet were bare, making her look even smaller than normal. They danced for a good hour and Jess was relentless and Barney a far more willing student than he was on the rugby ground. At the end of the session Jess was as good as her word and showed Barney how to cup a girls face and draw her in for a long, lingering kiss. They made out for a good two minutes before she changed it, sitting Barney down in my writing chair and sitting on his lap. The changed angle was no problem and Barney's tongue was hard at work again. Jess positioned his hands on her body, correcting their roaming, teaching him.
Then abruptly it was over, too soon for Barney, too soon for me. Jess stood, pushing away his grasping hands. "Next lesson might be tomorrow."
"Might be?" Barney looked like he might cry.
"It depends."
"On what? I'll practice twice as hard, I promise!"
"No -- you need to ask Amy out."
Barney had an 'oh goddamn it' look on his face but he just nodded. I heard the front door close as Jess appeared at my door, pulling off her top. That desk never smelt the same after that session.
*
So it continued, day after day. Amy was asked and Amy answered yes, to much joy and celebration. The kissing did not stop, in fact it was a routine now. It was a reward and Barney's expertise started to grow. They kissed for longer and longer and Jess started to allow his hands to roam a little. A stroke of her ass here, a grab of her tit there, but she always broke it off and we waved the poor kid off into the night. Then we would fuck like rabbits, or Jess would sneak across to Max's house. She was drowning in willing men and she loved it. She was blossoming, shining in her relaxed freedom and it was a sight to behold.
Barney changed as well. He stood taller and a restless tension was starting to leave him. He was still uptight but much less so. He was over the moon with Amy's agreement and talked about it endlessly. He had Jess help him pick out a tuxedo and spent a fortune on grooming himself. He bought a huge bouquet of roses.
The day before the awards ceremony he got some devastating news. Amy wasn't going to make it. She was sorry but her aunt was sick and the family were flying out to go and see her that evening. Crestfallen doesn't even begin to cover the depth of dejection that Barney felt. He was supressing tears as he sat in our kitchen.
"I've just put so much into this.."
"We know, it's sad."
"I'm sorry Mrs. B. I really did want to pick up that award..."
"Wait -- you're not going?"
Barney looked up at her. "Of course I'm not going Mrs. B. I have no one to go with now, remember?"
Now Jess looked crestfallen as well. I'd not realised quite how much that award meant to her. It was a validation, in some way, of her teaching -- especially her teaching of design, something she had always been a little insecure on. I looked at the miserable pair and could stand it no longer.
"Right. Fuck it. Jess, you're going with him. Barney, stop being such a fucking misery. Get your shirt ironed and pick her up tomorrow at 11am prompt. Train goes at 11.30."
Jess started to protest. "But how will I get..."
"Last train in from London leaves at half past midnight. Plenty of time. Go and pick your dress and whatever else you need to do."
I'm not sure what possessed me to do it. It was perverse, I knew that. Even for the state of our marriage and the depravity that we were getting accustomed to, sending my wife out as a date for a teenaged rugby player seemed a little out there. Jess folded into submissive acceptance and we didn't really discuss it until Barney appeared the next morning, ready to pick her up. They were going straight from the train station to the awards ceremony so they had no time to change. This was why Jess left my house in a figure hugging cocktail dress. They looked like film-stars together. As she left the door I caught her. "Show the lad a good time, he's pretty upset."
Jess smiled at me. "I'll be a perfect date. But not too perfect -- he is my student, after all!"
Then they were gone, speeding away in a taxi.
I worked to keep my mind off the date that I was not on. I kept my phone on my desk, snatching it up when it buzzed, hoping for an update from Jess. They were pretty mundane, the messages I got.We're in London safe. We're just getting to the venue. The ceremony is amazing! Lots of people here!
I was a little disappointed but I wasn't really sure why this was the case. Did I want them to fool around? Probably, I didn't want to think about it too much. I opened the bottle of Glenfiddich instead.
Towards evening my phone buzzed again.
We're at the rugby thing now. Pretty wild here! May have
had too many glasses of bubbles xxx
I replied instantly.
You gotta watch out for those rugby parties. Some very rough characters about.
Don't worry hun, I've got a big strong
Protector xxx
That was a little more exciting. I flipped on the TV and wired in some porn, letting my imagination run wild. A few minutes later and my phone buzzed again. This time a picture message. It was of Jess, being carried like a bride by Barney, with three or four drunk rugby boys in the background laughing.
Things are getting handsy xxx
Have fun, let me know when you're getting the train. I've a present I'm holding for you.
How exciting, I can't wait. I think I need
It now...xxx
Time slowed to a crawl. I stroked myself but somehow the porn wasn't doing it. The dirtiness of my wife was what I needed. My phone buzzed and there was another picture. This time it was of Jess kissing Barney. She had a tiara on her head and he was wearing a crown.
We won best couple! See -- I'm not too old....
I looked at the time.
You better hurry sweetie, train leaves in twenty minutes
Don't worry, we're nearly there, see you soon.

It was one O'clock when my phone buzzed next.
Fuck. We missed the train. Barney says we can crash at the flat of this bloke we met at the party. Will get the first train back in the morning. So sorry. Will text you address when I get there. Will make it up to you. So sorry. Xx
I groaned with disappointment. Fuck it. I'd stroke one out then go to bed. But it was a struggle. All I could think about was Jess. Was she safe? What was going on? It was nearly three in the morning and I still couldn't cum, couldn't sleep, when the phone buzzed again, unexpectedly. It was a picture message and this one sent my heart rocketing.
It was a selfie of Jess, her cocktail dress a shallow belt around her waist, her face and tits totally covered in cum. She had one finger in her mouth, as if licking the semen off it.
Things got a little interesting. I may have got carried away. Are you mad?
I erupted then, hard and heavy, rope upon rope. I typed with my unmessy hand.Not mad. Film it. Remember everything, you have a hell of a story to tell me.
With that I crawled into bed and zonked out.
*
She crawled back into the house at about two in the afternoon the next day. She was in her cocktail dress which was a shocking patchwork of stains and creases. Her hair was matted with cum and she looked about as well fucked as you could possibly imagine. The only things stopping her from being thrown in a prison cell for walking around like that were a heavy overcoat that belonged to someone else entirely.
I helped her out of her sticky dress -- she no longer had her bra or panties -- and ushered her into the shower. When she came out, I was lying in bed stroking my cock. She laughed and jumped in next to me, grabbing my stiff dick with her little hands and resting her head on my chest.
"Tell me then, tell me what happened."
So she did, stroking my cock and massaging my balls. She told me about how the awards ceremony had been a great success, how amazing and gracious Barney had been, how gentlemanly. She had made some great contacts there, she said, ones that could really improve her practice.
She told me how handsome Barney looked all scrubbed up and how she was drawing stares from the men in the room who were trying to figure out the dynamic: was she his date? His chaperone? It was deliciously ambiguous. The two of them were very overdressed for the occasion and she was constantly having to explain that they had another engagement to go too afterward. She admitted to flirting with a couple of the men, who crowded around her, trying hard not to stare at her plunging neckline. Barney was cool and collected, charming in a way that she found impressive. He did not dominate her time jealously but was clearly in control. He was secure, relaxed and happy.
When he received the trophy, he gave a short speech that was very flattering to Jess. He explained how his success was all down to her and all eyes followed his heavy arm as he pointed. There was a murmur as everyone processed the fact that his 'date' was actually his teacher and there was a mixture of admiration and disapproval, she felt. She didn't care, she was proud of him and a little excited by the naughtiness and inappropriateness of the situation.
They made their way across to the Rugby venue a little later than they had planned, staying for two or three glasses of free champagne more than anticipated at the awards ceremony, trapped by an older couple who were just fascinated by Jess and Barney.
They arrived just in time for the opening dance and Barney rushed Jess to the stage. It was the Waltz and they launched into it as soon as their feet touched the dancefloor. Barney was amazing, Jess said, her hand keeping a steady rhythm on my cock, he was confident and assured. They were much more graceful than most of the drunk couples around them and soon a pocket of space opened up where couples watched them dance. When some of the rugby boys recognised Barney there were incredulous gasps and cheers. Jess was just enjoying it all -- the beautiful Georgian ballroom, the music, the gowns, the firm large hand around her waist and the sensation of dancing.
When the music stopped Barney was fairly swamped with his mates. Jess wasn't sure what they were more incredulous of: his dancing or his date. They were so complimentary about her that it bordered on rude. Eventually Barney managed to bat them all away and rustle up some drinks from the bar.
They got chatting to a boy called Rick, who was the captain of the under 20's team that Barney had just been selected for. Rick was, if anything, bigger than Barney -- about six foot seven and all muscle. He was handsome in a movie-star way and he introduced himself like an Earl. His date was a statuesque blonde girl called Annabelle, who was all blue eyes and breathless enthusiasm. Annabelle wore a tight and short black dress but, Jess admitted, more eyes were searching her chest in her cocktail dress.
Rick and Annabelle proved good company and the four of them spent most of the evening drinking and laughing together. They danced continuously and Barney continued to impress and astound with his grace and skill. As the night wore on and things got rowdier Barney was called away for various drinking games and other quasi-idiotic challenges and Jess found herself dancing with Rick, who had taken a clear shine to her. They danced a lively salsa number and then moved into a slow dance and Jess was a little shocked when she felt Rick's heavy hand graze across her ass and then settle there. She could feel a hardening through his trousers as well but she let it go. Before his hands could roam any further Barney re-appeared, dancing with Annabelle, and then the couples swapped back.
Things at the party got wilder and the music more intimate. As Jess danced with Barney she saw couples all around her stopped in the middle of the dancefloor, making out, and she saw that Barney was looking at them uncomfortably and then she realised why. His mates were taking the piss already. Not wanting to ruin the night for him, and feeling a little wasted, she stopped him and pulled his face in for a long and lingering kiss. One which he returned ten-fold. His hands were all over her now and she felt that she had lit the blue touch-paper.
Then they were back at their table and the debauchery around them continued. Rick and Annabelle were making out, her hand disappeared under the tablecloth, his hand openly massaging her breast. She was in Barney's lap, kissing him, enjoying him kissing her neck, nibbling her ear. She would play at being his date, she reasoned, to keep the ruse going for everyone. She felt his hand move up to her tits and she hesitated but let it go. If she called him on it then the whole thing would unravel, she reasoned.
So there she was, being felt up and kissed by an eighteen year old boy, amongst other teenagers who were nearly in heat. It was heady, she said, and intoxicating.
"Go on," I urged, my cock enjoying the velvet touch of her hands, the delicious taboo breaking story coming from her mouth, "what happened then?"
"We won the best couple award and the party ended."
It ended rather abruptly, she said. The big lights flickered on and they were ushered out of the room in quick time. Barney was disappointed but controlled. They held hands as they left the venue and then ran, swearing, as they discovered the time.
They nearly made the train, watching as it pulled away on the platform.
"I was really worried. I thought you would be apoplectic. My first thought was to just get a cab home and damn the cost."
But Barney had another idea. He rang his friend Rick who had an apartment in London which he shared with Annabelle. In no time it was agreed. They could spend the rest of the night at Rick's house and then take the first train home in the morning. Jess felt uneasy about this idea but reassured that Annabelle would be there. It made sense -- a taxi would be difficult and astronomically expensive. The hotels were probably all full and she didn't fancy waiting in the train-station all evening.
So they got a black cab to Rick's house, which was an impressive Victorian restoration in a very snazzy part of London. Annabelle met them at the door, already in her loose silk pyjamas, and showed them up to their room.
Their single room. Jess realised that they still thought that Barney and her were a couple -- and the lie had gone on too long to back out now. Barney looked both mortified and delighted at the prospect.
"Sorry the bed is so small guys, it's the last one left. Even our couches are full this evening; Rick has invited half of the Scottish guys to stay over."
At this point Jess' hand started to increase her pace on my aching cock.
As Annabelle closed the door Barney plonked himself on the floor valiantly and offered Jess the bed. He took off his jacket and rolled it up then turned his back away from Jess who turned off the light and then undressed herself for bed.
"It was too hot to wear my dress in the bed. Besides, I felt a little naughty. So I took it off. He must have heard the dress unzip. He must have been dying to turn around and see me there in just my bra and thong, in the moonlight. But to his credit he didn't turn around. So I slipped into the sheets."
She couldn't sleep and neither could Barney. After about twenty minutes the banging started. It was a rhythmic thump from the room above and it was clear that it was the sound of a couple fucking. Then we heard her: Annabelle moaning as Rick ploughed her.
Jess laughed first and Barney followed, turning to look at her in the sheet with genuine mirth. Rick was hammering away and Annabelle wasn't holding back. It was comical, erotic, surreal. It started to turn Jess on and she then did the unthinkable, patting the bed and saying.
"You must be freezing. Jump in, I'll budge up."
Uncertain, but turned on and uncomfortable, Barney agreed. He was just in his boxer shorts now, having stripped away the tuxedo. He slid in next to Jess who immediately the warmth of his body next to her. In order to fit Barney slid his huge arm under Jess' head, nestling her in the crook of his arm. She felt very naughty now, lying next to him in just her underwear on a single bed.
Annabelle was really moaning now and the thumping increased in frequency and Rick neared his eruption. Barney turned his head to Jess and they both laughed. Then he kissed her and she let him. She allowed his tongue to explore hers as she lay next to him. Upstairs the fucking was reaching a furious finale. Jess and Barney kissed as they heard Rick grunt and Annabelle scream out a final "yes!" Then Jess' hands were running down Barney's hard chest and across his rippled torso. She felt a hand on her ass and then she encountered his cock, outrageously tenting his boxers. He had tried to keep it away from her, embarrassed perhaps, but now her hands ran around the outside of the boxers, feeling the girth and length of him.
"About the same as Max, oddly. But curved."
Then Barney kicked off his boxers and it was free and flopping around. Jess broke out of the kiss and glanced down at it and instinctively grabbed it, eliciting a gasp of ecstasy from Barney. Then the kissing took on a different hue and urgency, her hand still on his cock, pumping him. This was the lad's dream and it was a wonder he didn't spray his cum all over her at that moment.
"Shall we show them?" he asked, bravely.
"She them what?"
"How to really make some noise?"
Jess laughed, committed now, and pulled down her panties as he unhooked her bra. She was soaking wet and there was little foreplay, Barney mounting on top of her and ramming his cock deep within her, unwilling for any possibility that this moment could be lost. He was deep, deep inside her and he began to fuck her slow, then hard.
"He was absolutely relentless, possessed," Jess said as I started to breath heavy, staring at her face between my legs. "I've never been fucked like that. He was totally committed, and to think he was a virgin."
That did it for me. I sputtered and sprayed and Jess cooed, catching much of it with her hot mouth as she slurped it up. I erupted, spewing rope after rope into her as I considered the filth I'd just heard. My wife, deflowering another.
When I had finished she kept playing with my balls and limp cock. "We made at least as much noise as Rick and Annabelle, but for a lot longer. He couldn't stop himself. He came deep inside me but then started fucking me again straight away, still hard. Three times he did that."
My own cock started to rise as this. "At about four in the morning Annabelle came down to the room to ask us to keep it down."
My cock was fully hard now, anticipating.
"She was dressed in just a sarong and she looked angry. When she entered the room Barney was fucking me doggy. As she entered she stopped and just watched us for a minute. Barney didn't stop, couldn't stop, his cock was determined to explore and own every inch of me."
I was pushing her over now, opening her legs, easing myself into her as she continued the story.
"Then suddenly Annabelle was kissing me and her sarong dropped. Then I was kissing her beautiful nineteen year-old tits as I Barney fucked me from behind. Then...then...I was eating her out. It was unbelievable. The first time I'd ever done anything like that. She tasted wonderful. She tasted of cum..."
I was pounding her hard now, totally hypnotised by this story, this tale that I knew would be burned into my imagination forever.
"This went on for about twenty minutes when Rick came down wondering what had happened to Annabelle."
"Oh god."
"Well, you can guess. He wasn't slow on the uptake. His cock tasted...it tasted...oh fuck, I'm going to cum!"
"Keep telling me honey, keep telling me."
"It's a blur from that point if I am honest. They all had me. They all had me all night, I know that much. Rick fucked my ass, I remember that. And I also remember kissing Annabelle as we were both fucked doggy. I think Barney was in her at the time. It was crazy, so totally crazy. Cum got everywhere."
"I'm going to cum soon baby, keep talking."
"When we woke up in the morning, Barney fucked me again and Rick had me suck him off. I kissed Annabelle goodbye and we caught the train. It was shameful, really. I was full of cum, covered in cum, so obviously recently fucked and sat there on a morning train with Barney, still horny next to me. He was still not satisfied and he made me make out with him all the way back to Greendale."
"I'm close sweetheart, I'm so very close."
"Then when we got back here he fucked me again in his house. I was out of it but he pounded away, nailing me in his bed amongst his things. Owning me completely before letting me come home."
I erupted into her and we collapsed into a sweaty heap.
"Are you cross sweetie? Have I crossed the line?"
Her green eyes showed genuine worry. "No sweetie, not at all."
"Good, because I think I'm going to be busy. Barney wants to keep our tuition sessions going, but maybe with a different theme."
"I'm sure he does."
*
And so that is how it went. Jess fucking Barney and Max regularly for the rest of the Summer. There was fallout, as you would expect. The village ladies got wind of something out of the ordinary going on and there were nearly some ugly scenes. Although most people simply shrugged and contented themselves to allow people to do what they wanted in the privacy of their own homes.
The blissful erotic summer didn't last as nothing does. Jess eventually got emotionally worn out by it and it created some strain on our relationship, as this sort of thing inevitably does. We got through it. Max and her still fuck, but less frequently now. Barney finally asked Amy out and stopped his liaisons with Jess, although he has admitted that his ultimate goal is to get Amy to join them. They fuck on his birthday now, as a special treat.
We had one more adventure that summer, before autumn and reality swept back in. It was at our masquerade ball where I got two extra tickets and invited Max and Barney along at the same time. We all stayed in the same hotel room and after all the dancing, the gowns, the masks, the mysterious flirtations, we introduced Jess to the concept of being air-tight. I'll leave the details up to your imagination as this story has gone on for far too long.
***