This is a continuation of a previous story, which also runs in tandem with another that interlinks. They hang together like a jigsaw. The parallel stories explore what happened in other people's lives as they came to have some inkling of the sexual adventures taking place in one particular hotel room. I am releasing the parts weekly or thereabouts.
If you are following this tale, or not, and would like to hear it from my wife's perspective then please leave that feedback. i do welcome all feedback.
As ever thanks tp Jess Gabriel for all her constructive feedback.
An hour or so later, I entered the bedroom; it was in darkness and smelled of sex and the rubber and latex of toys. I could see Penny's form in the bed and I went to her and stroked her arm.
"You bastard," she murmured.
Suddenly, she stirred as the light went on and she stared at me, blinking in the light. "I needed to check it was you. Lotty said something about more. I couldn't take anymore. Is there more?"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. In the space of three short sentences, my wife had gone from saying enough to maybe. At least that's what I heard. I asked her outright, "Phil says he recovered. Do you want him to pop back up?"
Her eyes had a look I hadn't seen before and she whispered, "As long as you stay too. Are you ashamed of me? I am such a dirty wife tonight. I just want more cock and cum and food. I'm hungry. I have an idea. Let's get room service with Phil."
My head was beginning to spin and I swear my cock was leaking by this stage.
I sent Phil a thumbs-up message and ordered three burgers and fries from room service. I opened a window to ventilate the place as best I could. I remade the bed too, sort of. Whilst I tidied the room, Penny was creating a semblance of normality about her person in the bathroom.
I remembered my other promise and placed the blindfold on the external door handle.
There was a knock at the door about ten minutes later and Phil arrived with caffeine espresso martinis. We made small talk and I mentioned there was food coming. Phil was starving too; anyone would think they had been exercising.
Phil didn't mention the blindfold, so I presumed it had been collected.
Penny was still in the bathroom and emerged a few minutes later, thoroughly refreshed. She looked amazing, not a hair out of place, and was dressed in a short skirt and blouse. She announced, "I have gone full Wicked Weasel, you guys are in for a treat."
She saw the cocktails and squealed, "About time. I deserve a drink."
Phil handed her one and kissed her on the lips. She leant in to prolong the experience. "Nice to see you again."
Everything about her said I'm just having a pleasant evening, but her smile gave it away. Her smile said I have a wild side and it's fully let loose right now.
Penny stood in the doorway and said, "Prepare for a show if it's a male server."
Phil and I looked at each other incredulously. Phil asked, "Is she always like this? This isn't the shy wife you talked about. What have we done?"
Penny replied, "I may never be the same again. I feel liberated. Like nothing is taboo now."
When the food arrived, Penny helped the server to distribute the food and ensured that, as she bent over to pick up a dropped napkin, her skirt rode up and revealed her peachy ass. Penny said to him, "Did you like what you saw?"
"Busted", we added from the sofa.
The guy was a typical young waiter and didn't know how to react. Walking over to him, Penny helped him out, giving him a good tip. Their touch lingered as the money changed hands. "Yanis," she said, reading his name tag, "would you be a sweetie and help us out? If you get us three beers as quick as you can, I will give you another treat."
The waiter of course agreed and set off on his mission. Phil and I idly played with our food. Penny tucked in and half her burger was gone when the waiter returned. Yanis, if you liked my ass, would you like to see my pussy?" she asked seductively.
I almost choked on my fries, and so did Phil. We both sat there coughing and laughing. I guess Yanis must have said yes as Penny bent over and pulled the Wicked Weasel thong to one side. She stood with her legs apart, her left hand through her legs holding her pants aside, looking over her right shoulder at Yanis. I leant over for a better view and saw that she was actually holding her pussy lips open revealing the entrance to her sex.
I said, "Yanis that's my wife. That's as close as you get."
Yanis replied, "Shame, I could bang your wife all night."
Penny stood and turned to Yanis and giggled, "Thanks young man, maybe next time. I've got my work cut out with these two."
I paid for the beers and gave Yanis a healthy tip.
After he left, Penny looked at me and laughed. "Who is on the back foot now?".
Penny tucked into her food again. After a couple of mouthfuls, she looked round at us. "Did you like that, boys?".
We both nodded and told her we did. Phil said, "I need a quick shower. Do you mind?".
I cleared out the food trays to the hallway and chatted to Penny about how bold she was now. I persuaded her to change out of the WW pants for an ouvert pair I knew she had in her case. She said, "I can do that for you, honey."
I asked how she wanted to start.
"I want you both naked on the sofa. Leave a gap for me."
When Phil returned, I had him do as we had been instructed. My clothed wife sat between us and took a cock in each hand. She gently tugged each as she switched between kissing each of us. Once she was satisfied with her handiwork, she moved to sucking each cock in turn. Naturally, she started with Phil's but she divided her attention equally. Phil was the first to smooth his hand between her thighs though.
"That was a quick change", he said, realising the pants had swapped when he had free access to her sopping pussy through the ouvert pants.
I laughed and said, "Anything to make life easy for you, bud."
Penny gasped, redoubling her efforts on my cock as his fingers entered her.
"Thanks, Phil", I said.
He clearly understood as his hands moved faster and moans were escaping from Penny's mouth which was still around my cock. She stopped sucking and looked into my eyes meaningfully. She rotated her body so that she was on her knees on the sofa facing me and her pussy was in Phil's face. He put his face forward and started licking her. She stopped sucking me and I could see the pleasure in her eyes. Her eyes widened and I realised he was finger fucking her again. I reached into her blouse and teased her nipples hard.
"Fucker", she mouthed at me.
"Stop, there's something I want to try. Stand prick to prick. Leave a little bit of space for me."
We did as we were asked, and Penny knelt down beside us and held our cocks in her right hand, sandwiching them together. She tried to take them both in her mouth. It wouldn't work though, and Phil and I laughed.
So did she. "Ok if not that, I want one in my mouth and one in my pussy. Phil, show him how you made me cum earlier."
Phil gladly agreed and we positioned Penny diagonally across the corner of the bed on her back. I tried to feed my cock into her mouth, but it was too hard and would not bend over, even if I leant over. Phil, on the other hand, had quickly grabbed and applied a condom and was balls deep in her, resting his weight on his left hand on the bed and undoing the buttons of her blouse with his right. I helped out, removing the blouse and pulling the straps of her bra off of her shoulders, revealing her breasts. Phil sucked each nipple hard in turn, driving Penny crazy. I gently tugged on my cock.
When Penny saw this, she took over saying, "Let me do that darling."
I motioned to Phil to throw her on the bed proper and we did that. Phil's glistening cock bounced about comically as we laboured. Some of the pillows were discarded on the floor. Phil jumped on Penny again and I lay on the bed and fed my cock into her mouth.
She sucked and licked it and said, "I can taste the evening's frustrations. So much precum. Hey, did you really let Lotty grab your cock in the bar?".
I retorted, "She assaulted me."
"I bet you loved that," replied Penny.
She was right. She now focussed her attention on the cock in her pussy and mine was held in her hand more as a courtesy. I could see the familiar glow starting to erupt on her chest. It wouldn't be long until it spread to her face and she would start moaning and almost convulsing as her g spot orgasm hit her. I decided I was just happy to watch. I switched out my cock for a hand and squeezed hers. She squeezed back. Phil was on his elbows buried in her and stroking her breasts lightly. He kissed her neck and her ears. That familiar glow was everywhere now and Penny announced her orgasm with a series of protests.
"Oh, fuck, fuck me!". The bed began to hit the wall like a battering ram. I hoped the adjacent room was empty. She was pulling him into her with her hands on his ass and her purple nail varnish blazing.
After, I scooped Penny up and held her in my arms. Phil sat back on the sofa and chilled. When Penny came down, she said to Phil, "Watch me ride my husband."
She positioned me on my back on a bit of an incline up the pillows. Then she mounted me in a crab walk position, leaning back so that Phil had a full-on view of her open sex and my cock that she buried in it. She was balanced on her hands and feet with her butt resting on my midriff. She bounced up and down on me. It was a nice feeling, showing off like that. Penny seemed to enjoy that aspect.
My head was higher than her shoulders and I had a view of the room. I leant forward and grasped her thighs just behind the knees and now she was impaled on my cock. I pulled her slightly further up my body so that my cock exited her pussy.
I said, "Phil, come and fuck Penny whilst I hold her legs in the air."
Phil put down his beer, stood, and checked his hard-on. Once satisfied, he joined us on the bed and put his condom-encased cock at the entrance to her sex.
Penny said in a panicky voice, "Oh my god I'm not sure about this. That angle, that might be too much pressure."
Phil said, "Maybe this will help?".
He reached for the lube and poured some on his cock. It spilt onto her vagina and trickled down onto my cock. I felt his hand on my cock and he was pushing my cock head into Penny's ass. The bell end slid in easily.
Phil said reassuringly, "Anytime you want to stop, you know the safe word."
I said, "I do, but I didn't think it was going to be me that needed it."
Everyone laughed.
With that, he engaged his cock in her tunnel and drove it in. I wasn't pulling hard on Penny's legs so the strain of the angle wasn't an issue for her. Phil was taking it easy and, having fully buried his cock, he was only really flexing it and moving it slightly in and out. This is a great tactic with Penny. One bound to drive her wild if that cock is rubbing up against her g-spot. I was tempted to let the rest of my cock drill into her ass but thought better of it. I eased the head of my cock out by flexing my hips.
Penny acknowledged the kindness, "Yes gentlemen, one at a time, please. There's no rush."
She settled back down more comfortably with the cock in her pussy, and she moaned. "That's good, Phil I need short thrusts right now."
I was holding my wife in my arms whilst a stranger fucked her. I think I was enjoying it almost as much as she was. Again she was pulling him deep into her, holding him tight by his ass.
So, Phil did as he was bade. Within two minutes, she was screaming, "I'm coming all over you."
Penny was clearly spraying fluid everywhere.
Phil was in stitches laughing at the explosion of fluid from Penny. Phil pulled out of her now and she reached down and slipped the condom off. She pulled his cock towards her and playfully weighed his balls. "Nearly empty I think."
"Put my husband's cock back in me Phil. I liked what you did earlier. Then I want your cum on my belly", she said in a husky voice.
Phil took my cock and put the head at her starfish. She squealed, "No, in my sex."
Phil made a course correction with my cock and moved forward himself so that his balls were on her clit. He tossed himself off for all of thirty seconds and then shot ropes of cum over her belly that went as far as onto her breasts. I had been still holding her legs, I let go and massaged it into her body and her rock-hard nipples. She moaned as I did that like another orgasm hit her.
Suddenly Penny jumped off me and positioned herself on her haunches in front of me. "Fill me up big boy," she said looking over her shoulder for a moment before reaching out for Phil's cock which she milked the last few drops from as I moved forward.
I walked forward on my knees and pulled her back towards my cock. I steered it into her with my left hand and rocked her backward and forward on it. After a minute or two of watching Penny give head, Penny appealed for a drink. I slipped out of her and passed her a cocktail. She stayed on her haunches with her sex on display wantonly and casually switched between the cock and the cocktail. It was clear that Penny was exhausted.
I needed to finish. I slid back into her and started driving in and out of her. It only took me a minute or two and I emptied my load in her pussy. I pulled out and saw my cum deep in her pussy. I grabbed my phone and took a picture of it as it emptied into the white sheets. In the picture, you could make out that the owner of the cum covered pussy was giving head. I sent the pic to Lotty with the caption, "Finally a pussy full for Penny."
Phil was clearly carried enjoying the blowjob but not getting hard. He was spent. Penny held his limp cock in her hand and looked round at me and smiled that new smile. She moved so that she was relaxed on her back still playing with the now-shrinking cock. My phone was still in my hand, so I captured that image too. She looked ravaged and sexy as hell, with cum leaking out of her reddened, swollen pussy lips, a little bit of cum on her face and a cock in her right hand.
I congratulated my exhausted wife. "Honey, you have amazed me with your wicked behaviour tonight. I knew you loved cock, but you have blown my mind with your exploits."