(Comments appreciated.)
***
It had been a while since our night out at the club and I still wasn't sure where our next adventure should take us. I had loved having two men cum inside me by the river. I loved fucking surrounded by people in the park and experimenting with piss. I loved fucking on the dancefloor and then being watched and joined in the toilets. How could I beat those experiences? What else could we possibly try?
Public transport had always held a fascination for me and the swimming pool certainly presented some opportunities. A beach could be exciting or a cinema or a supermarket or a museum and we simply had to visit a sex shop at some point. Today, however, I settled on the mall. A nice busy space but people were usually far too busy going about their business to notice anyone else.
Choosing my outfit was a challenge. I wanted him to have easy access to my tits and pussy but without drawing too much attention and getting us thrown out before we were finished. I settled on a loose fitting skirt that sat just below my ass and, as long as I was standing straight, covered it. My top was an off the shoulder crop that came to just below my tits so that when I stretched it settled, still covering my nipples but with a delicious bulge of underboob on show. I knew it would drive him wild. Underwear, of course, was left off as it would only be a hindrance.
As soon as we got into the car, I saw his rod stiffen. He told that he liked my outfit and then reached over and gave my top a little tug so that my nipples were fully exposed, bend his head and began to kick and suck hard on my left nipple while stroking my right until the were both hard little buds. His hand moved to my thigh and I knew we had to stop before we fucked right here on the driveway. I pulled my top down so that my nipples were covered but left a generous bulge of boob showing.
When we reached the mall and hot out of the car, he grabbed me and pulled me in tight for a crushing, passionate kiss. I felt his stiffness push against me and felt a little flood of moisture in my cunt. I was so excited!
We walked arm in arm into the mall and headed into the first shop we saw. I made a show of looking at some of the clothes, the sluttier the better. He groaned slightly in delight at some of the things I proposed but soon he was back at my side, pawing at my waist, my ass and I knew it was cruel to tease him much longer.
We exited the shop and I pulled him to a bench in the middle of the concourse. People were walking either side but mostly looking at the shops and not paying any attention to us. I sat down. The thin metal slats of the bench were cold against my bare ass and pussy but I soon forgot about that. His hand reached behind me, under the bench and the I felt his fingers. He reached two fingers through the slats of the bench and pressed then against the opening to my slit. Slick as it was, the slipped easily inside, causing me to shudder in delight as he began to push them deeper into me and then slowly slid them out. He used the dampness to rub softly against my pert little clit. Then he bent and whispered into my ear. "I want you to piss for me."
I couldn't believe what he was asking but I was willing to try so, trying not to think about his teasing fingers or the crowds of people passing by, I tried to relax and pee. It can slowly a first: a little dribble ran down my lips, onto his hand and then softly splashed on the floor where the noise was lost in the din of a busy mall. He moved his hand to cover my pussy and the warmth was all I needed. I felt a much stronger gush come and soak his hand before splashing to the floor and beginning to spread into a small golden puddle. He dipped his fingers into my opening which helped me to stop my flow before the puddle got too big then he pulled his hand back and put it down his pants to smear my piss up his length. Finally he licked his fingers and took my hand.
I understand. I was in charge of this day. I stood up, feeling a little drop of piss run down my leg, and led him to a quieter section of the mall. After all, I wanted my nipples to be sucked and there were far too many families around for us to get away with it there.
He suggested that we find a changing room or toilet but I told him no. I wanted to be surrounded by unwitting spectators as he fucked me. We found a seat by a fountain in the quieter part of the mall that was filled with high end designer shops that few could afford. I thought this was perfect.
As soon as he sat down, he removed his cock from its confines, not caring who saw it. I sat next to him and wrapped my hand around it, then bent sand sucked it into my mouth. I hoped it would look at first glance as though I were merely resting my head but as I began to bob my head up and down and suckle on his delicate foreskin, I realised that was unlikely. He groaned as I sucked him right into the back of my throat and rubbed my tongue on the underside of his thick rod.
Soon I decided I wanted him inside me so I stood up and sat down straddling his lap. He whispered in my ear "ass first" and I was more than happy to oblige so I lifted my ass up. He pulled something out of his pocket and squirted it. It was lube - my god he was getting confident, taking the time to rub lube onto his cock when people were walking by doing their shopping!
I slid his slick rod until it lined up with my puckered hole and then I slowly eased myself onto it. That was when I looked up. Another couple had sat on a bench not too far away. The man had his hand on his partner's crotch through her jeans and her hand was running up and down his clearly stiff member. They were looking straight at us: watching I realised.I smiled at them and then looked around. A man was standing outside of the shop opposite us looking for all the world as though he was waiting for someone. He looked straight at us too and then I noticed his hand. It was down his trousers. He was wanking along with us. I threw my head back and was about to get right into right the rod in my ass when I saw him. On the second floor of the mall, leaning on the balcony and looking down was a man in a blue uniform. He had a badge on his shoulder so I recognised instantly that he was a security guard. I panicked. I looked again. I relaxed. In his hand was, not a walkie-talkie but a thick hard penis. He was rubbing his cock shamelessly as he watched us fuck!
I slid down hard and began to ride the cock in my ass but soon he stopped me. "I need to piss too," he told me. I began to move off him but he held me still and then I felt it. He was pissing deep inside my ass. I felt the hot liquid filling me and pressing to burst out. It reminded me that I still hadn't finished my piss so I relaxed and allowed myself to finish that. I figured that if he could piss in my ass he couldn't complain so I pissed where I sat. Pressed against his lower stomach, it flowed from me in a stream, coating my clit in hot liquid. I soaked his top and shorts but I continued until I was done. He was still pissing long and hard into my very full ass so I began to grind my soaked clit onto his stomach.
His flow subsided and as he pushed his cock deeper into me, his piss began to gush out of my passage. Then he fully removed his cock from my ass and ass the piss leaked back out of me, he pushed his huge, dripping member into by slick cunt. I shuddered with pleasure and began to ride him hard, my clit rubbing into him and hot rod pounding onto attached of the right places. I looked up at the security guard again, just in time to see him piss through the railings. I presumed that meant he approved.
The couple on the bench now had their hands in each other's trousers and the man's cock.was out for all to see. The man waiting by the shop had left but there was a small golden puddle where he had been standing. How interesting.
I smiled at our new coconspirators and began to ride him hard as he slid my top up to chew on my nipples just how I liked. I felt the tingling feeling begin in my clit and build until it exploded. My orgasm rocked through my body and as I quivered I felt my partner explode inside of me.
We sat their, breathing heavily for a long moment and then he wrapped his arms tight around me and pressed a loving kiss to my cheek. I climbed off his softening prick and stood up. We were a mess of piss, sweat and cum, as was the bench we had been sitting on. I quickly reached into my purse, wrote down my number onto a scrap of paper and marched over to the other couple. "If you ever want to meet up again..." I said as I pressed it into the woman's hand. Then, hand in hand, we made for the nearest exit.