The 97' one-ton turbo diesel pickup roared up the icy mountain road rolling coal with each romp on the accelerator shifting through the gears like it was going out of style. Rallying around the s-curves with a steep embankment on one side and a raging creek 20ft below on the other side.
I was taking my friends nick and Robert to the local ski resort up in the alpine to rip around, have a few good laughs and have a few drinks of course.
It was a crisp cold winters day in January, it snowed just shy of 2 feet the previous day of pure blower pow and I figured why not go up to the ski area and have some fun with my buddies skiing and having a few laughs after all it was February and School was in full swing and homework was stacked to the proverbial Himalayas. So what better thing to do than get outside and go have some fun up in the mountains in company of some good friends. The sky is the limit in the alpine.
Nick was passing back and forth to Robert his fifth of polish rye vodka which was unique, yet very refreshing. Nick always had a knack for opulent drinks, we never really asked how he managed to always surprise us with some drink we've never heard of.
The guys were reminiscing of the good old days in high school and what happened to everyone while I played some 80's new wave in the background.
There was something about that synth I just couldn't get enough of but Nick and Robert always made fun of me because of it. I always took their constructive criticism with a grain of salt.
Next thing I knew we rolled into the parking lot after the long drive we rolled down the windows blasting 80's hits. There was a suburban with some college girls getting geared up for the slopes.
Nick proceeded to catcall them. Nick was the type to always draw attention to himself regardless of the situation, he craved it so to be honest Robert and myself weren't surprised the slightest. One of the girls just smiled and laughed while the others proceeded to just ignore Nick. I couldn't help but laugh and Robert and nick laughed it off as well
As we parked I kept the windows down and the stereo cranked to let everyone know we arrived. We got our gear on and grabbed our equipment so we could hit the slopes. I was excited because now since I wasn't driving I could finally sip back and take a few swigs of the vodka Nick and Robert had been downing and obviously it must have been halfway decent because they already almost polished off a fifth.
As we walked from the parking lot up to the first chair I couldn't help but notice how beautiful it was with the majestic peaks in the background and the sun starting to cast its rays at the peak of the mountain.
The ski resort somehow makes you feel like time has stopped by its pristine beauty and the fact that it blasts non-stop 80's hits from an endless array of Pa speakers throughout the hill and in the lodges.
We were all pumped and buzzed when we loaded the chair in anticipation for the top of the hill.
I rode up with Robert and we laughed about Nick and how we can't believe we hang out with the guy but at the same time we both agreed that we wouldn't have had nearly as many laughs if it weren't for him. Just think of Nick as someone who's life motto is if rules aren't bent or broken life is a slow death. To be honest that isn't far from the truth as funny as that sounds.
As we neared the top we got off the chair and all agreed to head for the terrain park because that's where all the cute young girls hung around following the park monkeys like they were their shadow. It didn't let us down, there was a group of 20 somethings that were hanging out in fact they were the same girls Nick was catcalling in the parking lot but with our ski outfits on we were incognito and they didn't seem to recognize us.
I skied up to the group and said "hey check this out!" as I approached a 25ft jump with a table top and seamlessly pulled off a 360 landing perfectly.
I heard some applause and saw that Nick and Robert were headed toward the jump. Nick went off and pulled off a tail grab and Robert hit it with too much speed and landed on the flats.
We laughed our asses off and hear some chuckles from the girls up the hill. We meandered through the park taking in the scenery and got bored rather quickly and decided to go up the lodge at the very top of the mountain to have a few drinks and warm up.
Nick and Robert had only been to this hill once before and had never been to the top so I figured they would have a good time and enjoy one hell of a view. They don't call it view of 1000 peaks for the hell of it I told Nick and Robert and they both laughed and said let's go see this shit!
Wouldn't you know it as we approached the top of the chair standing in front of us was the same group of girls we saw in the terrain park they saw us and acknowledged our presence. One of them in particular caught my eye they have been eyeballing me since I first laid eyes on her in the parking lot.
There is no true substitute for a breath of fresh mountain air and the majestic views that encapsulate the beauty and serenity of the mountains in winter coupled with a group of young attractive horny women and some liquid courage life is hard to beat at 7,456ft.
Nick as usual invited the girls over to the lodge to join us for a drink and some company. We let him do his thing and as to no avail the girls accepted and joined us in the lodge that was made of logs cut right from the mountains side. Inside it was cozy with handmade furniture carved out of wood. The smell of smoke filled the air and the warmth of the crackling fire burning tamarack was sensational.
We bought a few rounds of drinks and before we knew it an hour had passed chatting it up with the girls. Their names were Molly, McKenzie and Emma and they all were friends at the local university. McKenzie was the girl I set my sights on from the parking lot and I never really payed attention to the other girls after I laid my eyes on her.
Things quickly escalated as I sensed that McKenzie was interested in going somewhere else but at the same time couldn't stop making eye contact with me so I asked her if she wanted to get out of here.
"John, I would love to...I've got something I want to show you" She exclaimed. surprised by how forward and seemingly excited she was to do something with me I couldn't help but wonder what did she want me to see so badly. Little did I know she as horny as can be and was looking for some love at the top of the hill what happened next was definitely something beyond everyday life.
McKenzie clicked her boots into her bindings "John follow me."
I acknowledge clicking into my bindings and following McKenzie over the mountain top and out into an open meadow skiing through some untouched powder we made our way into some open glades secluded from most of the main runs. We were in an area that typically was for expert skiers and powder hounds less traveled by your fair-weather skier who stays on the groomed trails. McKenzie stopped, looked me in the eyes and from that look I somehow sensed that something very unexpected yet unforgettable was about to happen.
McKenzie looked at me with her rosy red cheeks and smiled taking a big breath of fresh mountain air and said about at blunt as can be "John, I want you to fuck me right here right now!" she proclaimed.
I was hoping for something like this to happen in my dreams but never actually expected it to happen in real life so I fumbled for a second and then pulled myself together and said to her "right her right now?"
"yes" she said without the slightest bit of hesitation.
I looked her in the eyes then did a once over looking at her body from the top down and back up again and replied "screw it you only live once." I replied.
"Life is too damn short to not live out some of your biggest fantasies and what are the odds we want to live out the same one, this was meant to be!" She responded with a smile across her face.
I started stripping and McKenzie without hesitation clicked off her skis. Peeled off her coat like an orange and moved on to her snow pants to reveal her naked, slender body and perky tits, her nipples were getting hard due to the cold air. In the meantime, I was totally nude standing there already with a full erection that had been growing since the meet and greet at the top of the hill.
Without further a due McKenzie made the first move and embraced my body feeling the warmth of her naked body pressing up against mine made an abrupt surge of blood go to my already hard penis in anticipation of what was inevitable.
McKenzie embraced my lips sucking on them like a lollypop.
My hands felt her body up and down feeling every last curve and hole. Like the drive up in the truck it was one hell of a thrill to say the least!
McKenzie grabbed my erect penis with her left hand and leaned in whispering in my ear "I want you inside me, I want you to fuck me like you've never fucked a tight young girl before making me squeal with maximum joy! Can you do that for me? Oh...and one more thing don't wear a condom, If feels so much better & besides it adds to the excitement"
Before I could respond she already guided my cock into her pussy which was dripping with her warm pussy juices and it slid in no problem. I started pumping in and out, her pussy was tighter than a sentry safe and I loved the challenge.
Honestly I've had sex with plenty of girls before but none with such a tight pussy. It made it so much harder because I wanted to cum inside her pussy almost instantly filling her full of my warm cum from my penis.
I almost forgot about how fucking cold it was and the fact that McKenzie and I were completely nude, fucking in a state park at a ski hill embracing each other because of the world of ecstasy I was in from this mind blowing experience.
At any moment a skier or snowboarder could come by and watch us in earnest and take in the view of us fucking in full view of john Q public.
This was my first time having sex with a perfect stranger in public and boy oh boy was it a thrill. I've got to say there isn't a better rush than the possibility of getting caught having sex in front of people in a public place.
I continued fucking McKenzie not knowing how much longer I could last & considering this was the best sex I've ever had and the fact that not wearing a condom in her tight pussy couple with her firm supple breasts pushing against me feeling her nipples poke it was a miracle I didn't cum before I was even inside her.
Next thing I knew I heard something behind me and cocked my head to find two bystanders watching and the guys gave a whistle. At first I almost though I was imagining things but no, it was a couple out skiing that had come across us fucking in the open meadow. I wondered how long they had been watching.
Now McKenzie saw too and said that she was going to cum once she saw she had an audience. Before she could say more I felt her body shiver and shake as she came all over my cock which in return pushed me to the breaking point. I told McKenzie I was about to cum inside her.
"I want to you keep it inside me and cum all over inside my virgin pussy with your warm cum, John!" She Shouted!
As the last words came off the tip of her tongue I was blowing my load inside of her pussy and couldn't believe she was a virgin as well, or at least allegedly.
She had a smile on her face and as I pulled out cum dripped out of her pussy into the snow blending in without a trace.
All of a sudden we heard applause from above and forgot about the audience. Looking up we noticed there were now 6 people watching in full view the turn of events standing there in awe of what just happened. For some reason it didn't bother me one bit in fact it made me horny and got me all excited again knowing that people enjoyed watching us having sex. If it was that entertaining I guess I'm not the only one who enjoyed it.
McKenzie and I put our clothes back on in silence.
It was only a few minutes before we got our gear back on and were ready to ski down.
I grabbed McKenzie's hand "Thanks." I said smiling.
She looked at me, gave me a big kiss "No, thank you! We should do this again sometime."
Without further a due we skied off into the distance heading down the mountain to connect back with our friends. The whole way down I wondered if this was our first experience what could possible come next between McKenzie and myself. My mind couldn't stay focused the whole way down to the lodge.