A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing. Please Enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter. This chapter sets the stage for future chapters. I have added a list of the main story characters to the end of the story which was a suggestion by one of the readers. Sounds interesting? ...... Then please enjoy! .........
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
From Chapter 6
When we returned to the bed we moved close together until our body was up against another and we laid there in the dark talking quietly once again bonding as a family. Before we fell asleep we moved just enough to allow each of us to kiss everyone. As a final act we moved back to our original places in the bed because on this night each of us needed the closeness of the others to reinforce our love and trust in each other. We lay quietly as we drifted off to sleep.
****************************
Chapter 7
I was lying in bed enjoying the warm body of Jenna pressed up against me with her right leg thrown across my legs. Her small breasts were pressed into my side and her head laid on the edge of my chest. I normally don't wake up until the alarm goes off in the morning but something this morning seemed different. I didn't move because I loved the closeness and the feeling Jenna's soft breath blowing across my chest felt wonderful. I looked to my right and saw Terri was cuddled up to Kim with her left leg thrown over Kim's legs. While I was watching, I saw Kim blink and then her eyes opened and looked down at Terri before finally looking my way. I watched as a broad smile spread across Kim's face. I returned Kim's smile and then whispered, "I love you."
Kim smiled back at me after seeing the way Jenna was pressed up against me and whispered, "I love you too."
This was one of those moments one cherishes forever and both of us were perfectly satisfied to lie where we were without moving and enjoy the sensations of the closeness. I looked over at Kim again and saw she had tears in her eyes and one had swelled to the point it ran down her cheek. I did my best to send her a questioning look and finally Kim nodded towards Terri and smiled. I knew immediately she was thinking about Terri and what could have been.
About fifteen minutes later Terri started to stir. She was the one who usually woke up before the alarm clock but this morning Kim and I had beat her. Terri blinked a few times and then I watched as she looked up at Kim then moved slightly so she could kiss her. Kim responded immediately sharing a passionate kiss with Terri. Just as they ended their kiss the alarm sounded and I had to move to shut it off. Jenna stirred and looked up at me saying, "Good morning daddy, did I tell you, I love you?"
I smiled at her and said, "Baby you can say I love you as often as you want because that's music to my ears and I love you so much too."
Kim and Terri broke their kiss and they also took turns saying, "I love you."
I looked at Kim and said, "Honey as much as I hate to say it....but..."
Kim interrupted me saying, "I'm staying home today so I can help Terri with the police and then we can go to the hospital and visit Hanna."
I looked across at the two of them and said, "I totally understand."
"Are we going to wash each other's back?" I asked.
Jenna asked, "Dad what are you going to do when mom decides to stop doing that for you?"
"Well that's not a problem; I have two other lovely ladies to ask." I responded confidently.
"Are you forgetting something? Ya know dad, we girls have to stick together so if one won't do it, what makes you think you can get one of us to do it?" Terri shyly asked.
"I think we should stop arguing and all of us should head for the shower so I can wash daddy's hard cock." Jenna said.
Everyone broke out laughing as the sheet was thrown back and eight legs scrambled towards the edge of the bed. There was a line up at the toilet so I decided to start the shower then take my turn once all those who had to sit and pee were finished. Jenna was just finishing up when I stepped towards the toilet hearing her say, "My turn, I want to steer that thing around the bowl this morning."
I stepped up to the bowl and lifted the seat (women hate it when you don't lift the seat). Jenna stood beside me and reached around gripping my cock like she was going to jerk me off and I said, "Honey if you don't loosen your grip we'll be here all day."
Jenna giggled and said, "Sorry daddy, I don't own one of these things so I don't know how they work."
I was finally able to start to pee when Jenna laughed with glee and exclaimed, "I can feel it coming through the tube before it gets to the end!"
When I finished peeing and Jenna shook it more than she had to, we headed for the shower where Terri and Kim were washing each other's fronts. Jenna and I stepped under the water with Jenna in front of me and the water spraying down her back. Kim and Terri finished their shower leaving more room for Jenna and me. We finished our shower a few minutes later then we stepped out to dry off. Jenna took off for her bathroom so she could get ready for the day. Kim finished blow drying her hair and for the first time in a long time walked out of the bathroom ahead of me and headed for the kitchen.
When I was finally dressed and walking into the kitchen I joined two very lovely naked ladies who were working side by side at the range preparing breakfast for four people. Kim said over her shoulder, "Morning baby, would you please go call to your daughter and tell her breakfast will be ready in about five minutes?"
I walked to the bottom of the stairs and called the message up to Jenna and the only thing she said in reply was, "Ok daddy."
When I made it back to the breakfast counter a cup of fresh coffee was sitting there waiting for me. I sat down at the counter and looked across the kitchen at two great asses. From the back they actually looked like mother and daughter.
Jenna walked into the kitchen and sat down beside me and poked me saying, "That's a great view isn't it?"
I smiled and asked, "What view are you talking about?"
"Come on dad, when I walked into the kitchen your eyeballs were hanging out of your head, staring at those two fine asses over there, that's why I poked ya!" Jenna said with her girlish giggle.
Within a few minutes our breakfast was placed on the breakfast counter and all of us sat down to eat. While eating breakfast we talked about the events of the night before. I told Kim I would call my lawyer as soon as I got into my office so he could send a lawyer here and one to the police station.
All too soon it was time for me to leave so Kim and Terri stood by the door leading out to the garage and waited to give me a hug and kiss. Jenna was right behind me so both of us received another sample of our new morning tradition.
****************************
Once Dan and Jenna were out the door and on their way to work Terri automatically busied herself cleaning up the kitchen. Within a few minutes she had all the breakfast stuff cleaned up and the dishes, cups and pans in the dishwasher. Kim asked Terri if there was anything she could do to help and Terri said, "I've never taken the time to set up the lap top and printer yet so if you would like to do that for me, it would be a great help. I have to finish doing the contracts for the cleaning service because they will be here at 8:00 o'clock."
"How did the interviews go for the house cleaning service?" Kim asked.
"I think you will be very happy when you meet the two girls who will be here this morning. We had two small services apply and come to pick up their applications at the same time, the other day. While talking to them, the representatives from both services seemed to be very receptive to working nude and the two owners talked between themselves, they came up with a proposition I couldn't turn down. We all met yesterday and immediately after signing the confidentiality statement all of them were nude. There are three in each company and the best part is one company has a father/daughter combination and the other has a sister/brother combination. Each company can pull more workers from their families if needed." Terri told Kim.
Kim said, "Terri that's great, I'm very glad that we are able to find family oriented businesses to work here. It re-enforces the fact that families can work together even when there are circumstances beyond society's accepted norm."
While Kim worked on setting up the lap top and printer, Terri finished making the contracts on the house computer then printed them out. When she was done she brought both contracts over to show Kim. Kim reviewed each one and said, "Excellent contract. You have detailed everything we talked about. Great job, Terri!"
Terri watched as Kim finished installing the last of the software she had purchased with the computer. After everything was installed Kim pulled out her flash drive; went to the house computer downloading all the files in Terri's folder and put the files on the new lap top. They were finishing up when the door bell sounded. Terri looked at the clock and said, "That should be the house cleaners."
When she opened the door Debbie was standing on the porch completely nude. Terri smiled at her and said, "Please come in." as she stepped aside. Before she had the door completely closed Terri noticed another car coming up the driveway so she opened the door saying, "Here comes Ashley, we'll wait for her."
Debbie said, "I hope you don't mind me arriving nude but I'm so really interested in being nude all the time now. Dad, Joe and I blew mom's mind last night when we settled down to watch TV nude. She asked what got into us and dad told her nudism. We couldn't get her to undress but she was impressed seeing dad's cock and balls when I finished shaving him."
Just then Ashley stepped up o the porch so Debbie stopped telling the events of the previous night and greeted Ashley. After all three of them were in the house Ashley removed her top and her shorts. Ashley turned to Terri saying, "It looks like both of us are ready for work now."
"Come into the kitchen I have your contracts ready for you to sign and I have someone for you to meet." Terri said.
As the three entered the kitchen Kim stood up beside her chair and waited for Terri to do the introductions. Terri said, Kim, this young lady is Ashley and over here we have Debbie. Girls, this lovely lady is Mrs. Kim Morrison."
Immediately Ashley stepped forward and said, "Mrs. Morrison I'm so glad to meet you and I love your lifestyle. I am going to love working here."
Debbie was stepping forward but Kim interrupted her before she started talking by saying, "Please, I'd prefer both of you call me Kim."
Kim, I'm so glad to meet you and like Ashley, I am so excited about working here naked. It turns me on so much knowing that other people are going to see me everyday completely naked."
Kim smiled and said, "I'm glad to meet both of you. However there's much more to nudity than being turned on knowing someone else is going to see you naked. I'm sure you will find out more about our lifestyle while you are here. Both of you look lovely."
Kim continued by saying, "Terri tells me both of you are from family oriented businesses and that makes me happy. We believe that family should be close and share their love."
Terri placed both contracts on the counter and asked, "Would both of you like a cup of coffee or something while we review your contracts?"
Ashley said she would love some coffee and Debbie said she would like some water. Terri poured a cup of coffee for Ashley and when she went to the refrigerator for Debbie's water she brought back the cream.
All four females reviewed the contract and then sat and talked for a while before Terri said, "I'll show you where the vacuum is located and I've already shown you where the laundry is located. For this morning only, I want you to do the downstairs first so you will be finished before the arrival of some people I have to talk to later this morning. I'll make copies of your signed contracts so I have a copy and you can have the originals."
Terri was busy for the next few minutes as she showed Ashley and Debbie where all the cleaning supplies was located. When she was finished she returned to the kitchen and sat down beside Kim and said, "I think both small companies will give us the versatility to have the small cleaning crew here daily and a larger crew here for events and parties. The best part is they have adapted well to our lifestyle."
Kim agreed saying, "Both seem to more than willing to work nude and that's exactly the vision Dan and I had when we came out here and bought this place. We wanted to live our lifestyle without criticism from those who don't understand. We never envisioned having someone like you come into our lives but we are certainly glad you did. You have completed our family."
After a few moments of refection Kim said, "We should wear something this morning when the lawyer and the police arrive. I don't want either of them to get the wrong idea." Kim finished saying with a smile.
Looking at Kim, Terri suggested, "Why don't we just wear a simple dress or skirt. I put panties on the other day and ended up taking them off because I found them to be too confining. So I don't want to wear panties today."
Kim smiled and said, "Terri, you live here now so you can do whatever you want, whenever you want. If you never wear clothes again, that will be fine with us. You decide what level you are comfortable with."
Continuing Kim said, "One thing we are going to do is protect you from Harold, his friends and the goons he has looking for you. I hope you don't mind us being a bit overprotective during this time but we don't want anything to happen to you. We love you!"
Terri looked at Kim saying, "I know all of you love me and I won't fight you while you make sure I stay safe. I felt safe last night when I cuddled up next to you and felt your naked body next to mine. There's something about mother/daughter closeness or bonding that's so serene."
The phone rang and Terri got up and answered it. Dan was on the phone and after speaking to Terri he spoke with Kim. When Kim hung up the phone she turned and walked over to Terri and both of them embraced and held each other. Kim started saying, "I don't know what Dan told you but he told me that Ted and some officers secured search warrants last night and went out and arrested Harold, Bill and Pete. Dan talked to Ted and he said Ted found your luggage and the stash of your pictures at Harold's house and he secured them. He also said there were some unsavory pictures of girls who are possible under age in the home of all three guys. They are expanding their searches to all three businesses today in hope of securing enough information to keep all three guys in jail. Finally he told me they took Hanna into surgery last night to repair her rectum and stop the bleeding. She will recover physically but she will need a lot of love to let her know that not everyone is like Harold." The realization that Terri could have been the victim sunk in to both of them.
Kim continued saying, "The lawyer will be here soon so he can talk to us before the officer arrives, so we should go get dressed."
Kim and Terri walked upstairs hand in hand and both of them walked into Terri's room to pick out some clothes for her to wear. Once they found some clothes, Terri carried them into Kim and Dan's room while they went in search for something for Kim to wear. Choosing carefully they finally got dressed wearing turquoise colored tank tops with the built in bra and black skirts. Both agreed not to wear panties. Together they went back downstairs and bumped into Debbie and Ashley. Both of them obviously surprised to see Terri and Kim dressed.
Looking at Ashley and Debbie Terri said, "Under normal conditions we would be nude all day and we would want you to be nude all day but today is far from normal. We are expecting some guests here in a little while who may not understand our way of life. Ashley I know you have a tank top and skirt by the door, if you would be so kind to put that on, I would appreciate it. Debbie did you bring any clothes with you?"
Debbie looked at Terri shaking her head side to side saying, "I only have the same as I wore yesterday and that's a pink bra and lace boyshort panties."
Kim smiled at Debbie saying, "You're about the same size as Jenna, let me go upstairs and find a bikini for you to wear. You don't have to be dressed but you should have something that covers the essentials, if you know what I mean. Both you and Ashley have killer bodies."
While Kim headed upstairs Terri thought of Tony and his crew so she headed out on the deck to warm them. Terri found them working hard in the garden and when she got their attention Tony asked, "What's the occasion? Why are you dressed?"
When Terri was finished telling them about the guests coming out to the house, Tony, his wife and sisters said they would put on their clothes until the people left. Terri said, "I assure you this is only a rare occasion and it's only because of the nature of the business that needed to be discussed that caused everyone to wear something."
Kim and Terri were sitting at the counter when the doorbell rang. Terri answered the door and saw a middle aged man and a young female standing on the porch. Terri extended her hand to the man saying, "Hello my name is Terri and I am the housekeeper for the Morrisons, how may I help you?"
The middle aged man spoke up saying, "My name is Brian Greene and this is my assistant Julie Owens. I'm here representing the law offices of Hurley, Greene and Barlotta. Are you Terri Powell?"
Terri said, "Yes, I'm Terri, please come in. Kim walked into the foyer and invited the pair into the den so they could talk privately. Once in the den Kim and Terri learned Julie was a stenographer and she was going to record everything Terri said to the police officer. Terri made a carafe of coffee and brought it into the den along with some snacks. Everyone helped themselves. While they were waiting for the officer to show up Kim and Brian talked quietly leaving Terri and Julie to talk with each other. When the door bell rang Terri immediately jumped up and left the room to go answer the door.
When Terri returned to the den she introduced Officer Gary Jones to each person in the room. After the introductions were finished Terri offered Gary some coffee and snacks before they got started. Once he had some coffee Gary got right down to business and asked some questions so he had a brief history on Terri. Before asking Terri to give her statement he asked Terri if she would consent to have her statement recorded. He explained a secretary at police headquarters would type the statement from the recording and have it ready for her signature later in the day.
Terri looked at the lawyer who nodded his head so Terri agreed. At first the Gary asked a few questions which Terri answered. Finally Gary said, "Terri, in your own words please tell me, in as much detail, what happened to you and who was involved."
Terri gave her statement and Gary took a few notes on his pad of paper while the stenographer's fingers were flying around the small keyboard. Terri's lawyer sat off to the side and he was making notes on his yellow pad of paper. When Terri finished talking the lawyer asked her to clarify a couple of points and Gary seemed to be ok with that.
As they finished Gary explained he was going to turn the information over to Sergeant Johnson who was going to meet with the district attorney. He asked if anyone had any questions and when no one said a word, Terri stood up to escort him back to the door. On the way out he looked at Terri saying, "As I understand it you are a very lucky young lady to get out before you got hurt."
Terri looked at him and said, "Yes, I'm very lucky in more ways than you would understand."
After everyone left Kim asked, "Do you want to go to the hospital and visit Hanna with me?"
Terri said, "I'd love to go with you or you can go with me, I've only driven my car home from the dealership."
Kim smiled at Terri saying, "Ok then, we can take your car."
Terri said, "Before we go let me tell Tony and his crew and the house cleaners all the visitors have left so they can go back to working without their clothes on. I'll also let them know both of us will be out of the house for a little while."
Kim said, "I'll go upstairs and tell Ashley and Debbie and you can go out and tell Tony and Patti and his sisters."
When Kim and Terri finished letting the people know their plans they met back in the foyer by the front door. Terri looked at Kim asking, "Are we ready to leave now?"
Kim said, "Let's go, everything is under control here."
When they arrived at the hospital they found out which room Hanna was in and when they started walking towards her room they noticed a police officer stationed outside. He asked Kim and Terri who they were, then checked his list of authorized visitors. He said, "I'm sorry but you aren't on my list."
Kim asked, "Officer, do you have a cell phone?"
The officer looked at her saying, "Yes ma'am I have a cell phone."
"I suggest you call Sergeant Ted Johnson and tell him that Kim Morrison and Terri Powell is here to visit Hanna Lindquist." Kim said in a very matter of fact voice.
The officer looked at Kim for a second astonished by her demeanor then pulled his cell phone out and called the office. Once he was connected to Sergeant Johnson he asked, "I have a Kim Morrison and a Terri Powell here and they aren't on my list of authorized visitors for Hanna Lindquist, how do you want me to handle this?"
"Yes sir, right away sir. What were those other names you want me to add? Ok I've got all four names sir." The officer said into the phone.
Looking at Kim and Terri he said, "Sergeant Johnson said to add both of you to my list along with Dan and Jenna Morrison. You may go in."
Hanna was drowsy when Kim and Terri walked into her room, so they sat down in a chair and chatted quietly. When Hanna was more alert Kim asked her how she was feeling. Hanna tried to be brave but she finally broke down and cried. Both Kim and Terri moved simultaneously to each side of Hanna's bed to comfort her. Hanna said, "Dr. Collins asked me last night if it was ok for her to give you information about my condition and I told her it was and then I signed a paper for her. Then they had me sign a paper to consent for surgery. They operated on me last night."
Kim replied in her motherly passionate voice, "I know honey, Dan checked up on you early this morning then called home to let us know. If there's anything more we can do for you all you have to do is ask. Hanna, all three men were arrested and went to jail last night."
Hanna started crying all over again while both Terri and Kim did their best to comfort her. As Hanna was calming down Dr. Collins opened the door and walked in followed by a man in scrubs. Dr. Collins introduced the man in scrubs as Dr. Jefferies. He is the one who did Hanna's surgery and both wanted to check up on her. Dr. Collins asked Kim and Terri to please step out of the room but Hanna said, "I want them to stay so they know what happened to me."
The two doctors looked at each other and after they shrugged their shoulders they started to examine Hanna. When they were finished the surgeon left the room and Dr. Collins stayed to explain Hanna had a perforated colon which was the cause of her abdominal pain last night. Dr. Collins also explained that a perforated colon is a life threatening injury and without the immediate surgery, she could have died. Dr. Collins said Hanna would be in the hospital for a few more days while they administered antibiotics through her IV. Dr. Collins took questions from Kim before she had move on to another patient. Kim and Terri sat and talked with Hanna until she drifted off to sleep, then they left. On the way out they talked to the police officer outside Hanna's room and found out there would be twenty four hour guard on her room while she was hospitalized. The officer informed Kim and Terri that Hanna would most likely be placed in a secure location once she was well enough to leave the hospital.
Terri turned into the driveway leading to their house and saw a car coming towards them. Terri stopped her car and waited before realizing Jeff and Tina Simpson. Terri put her window down and when Jeff pulled up beside her Terri apologized for not being home and explained they went to the hospital to visit Hanna. Terri invited Jeff to turn around and come back to the house. Jeff agreed so Terri pulled up the driveway and parked her car.
Kim and Terri got out of the car and stood waiting for Jeff and Tina to get out of their car then all four of them hugged and greeted each other before walking up on the front porch and into the foyer. Immediately upon stepping through the front door all four stopped dead looking at the naked ass and very visible pussy of Debbie. Terri immediately turned and said to Jeff and Tina, "Let me introduce you to one of our new house cleaners, Debbie Brown."
Hearing her name Debbie stood up and turned around and walked over to Jeff and Tina and reached out her hand to them to shake hands. Jeff took her hand and with his eyes wide open and his mouth gone immediately dry he could only whisper, "Glad to meet you."
Tina looked at Debbie and said, "Glad to meet you but didn't you forget something?"
There was an awkward moment then Terri said, "Its ok Debbie, I'm sorry but I didn't get a chance to warn them, I'll take care of everything."
Terri said, "Jeff, Tina will you follow me out to the kitchen?"
As they walked Jeff kept looking at Debbie until they rounded the corner into the kitchen. Terri asked both to have a seat and then asked, "Would each of you like something to drink while we talk?"
Jeff said with a funny look on his face and Tina was looking over her shoulder before they finally agreed to have some cold soda. Terri brought out the large bottle of ginger ale and set it on the counter along with some glasses. After setting down the glasses Terri excused herself and when she returned to the kitchen Terri placed a confidentiality statement in front of Jeff and Tina before saying, "I know you are confused so I want to ask each of you to read and sign that confidentiality statement for me and then I can tell you in detail what is happening."
Jeff asked, "Terri is everything alright for you here?"
Terri smiled a huge white teeth smile saying, "Jeff everything is perfect here and I can tell you how perfect it is but you have to trust me and sign that paper for me. I promise you, I am the happiest girl around."
With a small amount of trepidation Jeff picked up the pen and quickly signed the form before handing the pen to Tina and encouraging her to sign the statement in front of her as well. Once both statements were signed Terri picked them up and excused herself for a moment and when she returned she placed a copy of their signed statement in front of Jeff and Tina.
Jeff said, "Ok, spill the beans. Tell us what's going on here."
For the next twenty minutes Terri told Jeff and Tina the complete detailed story about the changes in her life over the last week, leaving out only the personal events she'd experienced with the family. She explained as the housekeeper she was in charge of the daily operations of the Morrison's home and estate. She explained all the staff working here are nude and after standing up Terri removed her clothes saying, "I'm now a nudist and today is only the second time I've been dressed since I came to work here."
Terri walked to the towel cupboard and pulled out a towel and spread it out on her chair. Terri was ready to sit down a very naked Kim walked into the kitchen saying, "I was on my way out here when I heard Terri start to explain our lifestyle to both of you. Thank you sweetheart for explaining what I'm sure was a very difficult subject to both of you especially after Harold forced Terri to strip in front of you, Jeff. I stayed in the other room listening because I thought it would be easier for Terri to tell you what's going on in our home without me sitting right here. I hope both of you understand that neither Dan nor I forced our lifestyle on Terri or any of the others who work here. We were very up front in letting everyone know that we were only going to hire nudists for our staff then left it up to the individual to decide if they wanted to finish the interview. As you can see, Terri is our housekeeper and she is in charge of everything that happens here. She did a fine job hiring our nude house cleaning staff yesterday. Now if either of you have any questions for Terri or I, we will be very glad to answer them."
Tina was first to ask, "Terri, you said you stay naked all the time so what makes this job different from the one you left?"
Terri said, "That's easy, let's go up to my room and I can explain that easier up there."
Kim and Terri stood up and started walking arm in arm with Jeff and Tina following them. When they reached Terri's room Tina sounded off with many ohh and ahh sounds as she looked around the room and saw the king sized four poster bed which is every girl's dream bed. Terri walked over to her walk in closet and opened the doors and invited Jeff and Tina to walk in with her. She stood there amongst her new clothes and said, "This is only part of what makes the difference. You see, I want to be nude here and no one is forcing me to do anything against my will. Kim and Jenna took me shopping and bought me all these new clothes so I can be dressed nicely if I choose to. The most important thing as you heard last night, the Morrisons love me as if I was their own daughter so even though I have all these material things, I crave their love most of all."
Jeff said, "All I know is you have changed from the last time I saw you in the store so I'm not going to pass any judgment on your choice of lifestyle. As long as you are happy, I will support you in any way I can."
As they were walking down stairs Tony walking back from using the bathroom and he paused to look up the stairs and said hi to Terri and Kim then he continued to walk back through the house and go out of the sliding glass doors. Tina asked, "So you even have males walking around here nude also?"
Terri stopped and said, "Like I told you before, we are only hiring nudists or people who are interested enough in nudism that they will work nude. Tony, his wife and sisters take care of the lawn and the gardens and landscaping. Right now they are working in the garden out by the deck."
Turning to Jeff and Tina Terri asked, "Why don't both of you join Kim and me and sit in the hot tub for a little while but, we have a no clothes rule for the pool and hot tub."
Tina asked, "So you don't even allow swim suits in the pool or hot tub?"
Kim said, "No we find it much more convenient to have only one rule for everything."
Tina looked at Jeff saying, "I've never done anything like this before and everyone around here is nude so we might as well join them."
Kim said, "I'll go uncover the hot tub while both of you are undressing."
Terri busied herself refilling everyone's glass with something cold to drink while Jeff and Tina were busy. When Jeff and Tina were ready they timidly followed Terri out on the deck. Terri said, "Follow me over to the railing and I'll introduce you to the people planting the new garden."
When they were standing next to the railing Terri got the attention of everyone saying, "I'd like to introduce you to some friends of mine. Jeff, Tina over there is Tony and his wife Patty and this is Beth over here and then last, but not least, Barbie is over there."
Everyone welcomed Jeff and Tina and took a few minutes to chat before they went back to work. Terri then led Jeff and Tina over to the hot tub and invited them to slide in. Terri made sure she sat next to Kim when she slipped down into the bubbling water. All four of them talked about what it was like to live as a nudist. Tina finally worked up enough courage to ask Terri, "I saw that you and everyone else around here are shaved completely bald down below and I was wondering why."
Terri spoke up and said, "I'm not bald by choice or at least I wasn't. Harold took me to that salon and made me submit to being waxed all over. They waxed everything but my head."
Kim spoke up saying, "Most of us have found that being shaved down below as you put it, makes for better personal hygiene. My husband said he loves oral sex better without me having any hair on my pussy and I love sucking his cock better without all that pubic hair too. Even our daughter keeps herself bald."
Jeff looked at Tina saying, "Maybe we should try it and see what it looks and feels like."
After a half an hour Terri suggested they get out of the hot tub and go into the pool and cool down. All four of them stood up and stepped out of the hot tub. Terri took time to cover it while Kim, Tina and Jeff walked towards the pool. When Terri walked over to the pool she noticed Jeff was looking at her pussy so she intentionally hesitated on each step prolonging her entrance and her pussy disappearing below the water level. Tina was the one who surprisingly spoke up telling Terri, "You have a great body, you are very beautiful."
Terri blushed a little and said, "Thank you Tina, I appreciate that."
Once Terri was in the water she moved over next to Kim and put her arm around her and hugged her close saying to Jeff and Tina, "This wonderful lady has taught me a lot since I've been here and I love her dearly." Terri leaned over and kissed Kim on the lips when she finished talking.
As Jeff, Tina, Terri and Kim floated in the pool Tony and Barbie walked up on the deck and over to the shower on the other side of the pool. Tony adjusted the water then both he and Barbie stepped under it to shower. Jeff and Tina watched and marveled at the fact no one said anything about a sister thoroughly washing her brother's body but most of all taking her time to wash and stroke his cock until it was hard, or the fact that Tony washed Barbie's whole body paying special attention to washing her tits and her pussy. Jeff and Tina were intrigued as they watched the couple wash each other and not pay any attention to anyone else. Tony and Barbie finished their shower and Beth and Patty walked over and stepped under the shower. When Tony and his sister finished showering they walked over to the pool had in hand and walked down the steps into the pool. Tony's hard cock led the way towards the pool as it bobbed up and down and Tina was the only one who was staring at it.
Jeff and Tina's attention were drawn back to the shower as Beth washed Patty's body completely then Patty returned the favor and washed Beth's body. When they were finished they turned off the water and both of them walked towards the pool. Once in the pool Patty moved over to talk to Kim about the garden. She told Kim the garden by the deck was finished and the new flowers were planted and there would be perpetual color in that area from now on. Kim thanked Patty for working hard and completing the garden before the weekend.
Tony and his sisters were talking and playing not far from Jeff, Tina and Terri. Tina was the one who poked Jeff when she noticed Tony's sisters were taking turns stroking Tony's cock. Terri was carrying on a conversation with Jeff so Jeff only gave a sideward glance towards the trio and didn't say anything. Everyone looked when Tony sat up on the edge of the pool and Beth and Barbie moved in between his legs and took turns stoking and sucking his cock. Tina leaned over and whispered to Terri, "Did you tell us Tony was their brother?"
Terri giggled and whispered back, "Yes I did Tina and it looks like they really are close in their relationship."
Tina asked in a whispering voice, "Isn't anyone going to tell them it's against the law to have sex with your relatives?"
Again Terri snickered and quietly said, "It's not for me to judge what others do."
Jeff said, "Terri's right honey, it's not for us to judge what others feel is right for them. Besides after what we've been through lately it's nice to see people expressing love for each other instead of using someone for selfish purposes."
Tina responded, "You're right honey. All this is new to us and I never would have expected to see any of this. I'm totally surprised at myself for being naked in the pool with others even if most of them are females."
Terri leaned in towards Jeff and Tina and said, "I told you, I've never been happier than I am right now living and working here at the Morrisons. They have treated me like family from the day I finished my interview with them. The whole family is exceptionally nice."
Tina watched Tony's sisters as they worked his cock until he shot his load into their waiting mouths. Then the girls took turns cleaning Tony's cock before he slipped off the edge of the pool back into the water.
Terri leaned close to Jeff and Tina and said in a quiet voice, "As you can see the Morrisons don't mind if their employees use all the facilities, actually they encourage it. Just in case you're wondering, the policy here is no one touches another person unless both consent. We don't have orgies here but we understand working nude with the opposite sex will mostly cause sexual stimulation, so it's ok to have sex with someone if they consent. And no one is going to judge anyone for choosing a partner who is related. That's the part about signing the confidentiality statement. No one can go outside the estate and talk about anything that happens here."
Tina responded in a very quiet voice, "So what you're saying is everyone lives and works here in harmony and no one judges anyone and as long as two partners agree, they can make love to each other and the Morrisons don't care?"
"Yes Tina, that's exactly what I'm telling you. I will fire anyone who sexually harasses or tries to coerce someone to do anything against their will. But with the staff we have right now, I don't anticipate any problem." Terri said in a low voice.
Jeff asked, "Are you saying anyone can screw anyone else while they're here and no one says anything as long as both of the parties agree to get laid?"
"Yes Jeff, the only limitation is both parties must be willing participants without any type of harassment or coercion. I have the authority to hire and to fire and the Morrisons won't even ask any questions of me." Terri said to Jeff and Tina.
Jeff smirked and said, "In a short span of time you went from being sexually harassed to being a manager of an estate where you get to decide policy and fire employees who don't follow the rules. I'm impressed both with the change you've made and your ability to adapt into a new job where you don't have to wear clothes."
Terri said, "When I came here to interview I had made up my mind I wanted this job so I wouldn't have to go back to work for Harold at the store. When Dan and Kim told me they were only hiring nudists or people interested in nudism I knew I could do the job because Harold had already prepped me by making me strip naked under duress."
Tina spoke up saying, "It's apparent that you like this job far more than you did working at the store. You seem to always have a smile on your face and you talk highly of the Morrison family. It's hard to believe that you went from such a miserable situation to this wonderful job almost overnight."
Terri smiled and said, "Yes it is hard to believe but do either of you believe in fate?"
Jeff said, "I am starting to believe. Last night Dan handed me a check for two thousand dollars to pay my rent and buy groceries for my family, he is working on putting me in a managerial position and he doesn't even know me other than what you told him. Yet here we are, sitting in his pool completely naked with his wife when I would normally be at work today. Yes, I believe there is some power that is far beyond my understanding, which is guiding us."
Terri smiled and said, "Tina I hope I am not being too forward when I say what's on my mind, given the recent circumstances with Harold, but I would really love to give Jeff a special present sometime but only if you are in complete agreement. He is the only one who befriended me and did his best to protect me out of all the employees at Harold's store."
Tina stared at Terri for a few moments before saying, "Jeff is a good man and he's always tried to help out wherever he can. If you are saying what I think you're saying, we can talk about the possibility of that happening. I don't want you to make any rash decisions which you might regret later."
Terri said, "I want to assure you I have no intentions of doing anything unless all three of us are in total agreement."
Jeff leaned forward and took Terri in his arms and as they hugged their naked bodies came together. Terri's small tits mashed against Jeff's chest meanwhile Jeff's hard cock poked Terri's pussy so she parted her legs enough to allow his cock to slide between her thighs and between her wet pussy lips. They held their hug pulling each other tight. When they finally stepped back from their hug, Terri looked into Jeff's eyes and said, "If all of us come to an agreement, I want you to put your cock inside me and not just rub it against my pussy."
Jeff said, "I didn't try to help you with any thoughts other than protecting you or anticipating to do that to you but I'd consider it an honor to make love to you, if that's what you want."
Reaching between them Terri took Jeff's cock in her hand and started to stroke it. Looking at Tina, Terri said, "The poor man has a hard on and it's unfair to make him suffer, may I take care of it for him?"
Tina looked at Jeff and then at Terri saying, "This is really a weird situation which we've never been exposed to. I'm not sure what to say. I love my husband and I like you very much but...."
Kim moved closer to Jeff, Tina and Terri and interrupted their conversation saying, "Tina I have been sort of listening from over there only because your voices travel well in this area and if you don't mind I'd like to give you my opinion before you make a decision."
Everyone turned towards Kim and Tina asked, "Please help us. This is a situation that Jeff and I never thought we would have to deal with."
Kim said, "I really do understand your dilemma and I am not going to tell you what you should or shouldn't do. However I want to say, in the short time I've known Terri I find her to be anything but irrational. I'm sure she made her offer after much thought and without any malice towards you. If I read Terri's offer right, she is offering the only gift she has to offer Jeff for his gift of protecting her."
Terri stepped over to Kim and hugged and kissed her passionately before saying, "Thanks mom, I really appreciate you explaining my intentions clearer than I did."
Tina watched as Kim and Terri hugged and kissed before she asked, "Terri you called Kim, mom and kissed her on the lips, what's happening here?"
Kim smiled saying, "Tina, you heard both Dan and I refer to Terri as our daughter last night. We mean it; Terri is part of the Morrison family now even though she is going to keep her own last name unless she decides to change it. Since Terri has been here she has learned we don't place any restrictions on love because we want her to feel comfortable with any of us."
Tina asked, "Does that mean both of you are lovers?"
Kim smiled looking between Terri and Tina before saying, "It's not my place to kiss and tell so I'll just say; Terri is a wonderful person who knows what she wants."
Terri moved over next to Tina and asked quietly, "Would you and Jeff like to come up to my room and discuss our options?"
Tina looked at Jeff then back at Terri before saying, "I'm a little nervous and a little scared but if it's ok with Jeff, I guess I want to go up and see where this leads."
Jeff smiled and said, "Honey I love you and you know that. All this is new to both of us but I don't want to do anything which will harm our marriage. We can go up to Terri's room and see what happens and if either one of us get uncomfortable, we will leave."
Tina smiled and joined hands with Jeff and Terri and the three of them started walking towards the steps leading out of the pool. Once they were on the deck, Terri handed each one of them a towel to dry off as they walked towards the house. By the time the trio reached Terri's room everyone was dry so they crawled up on Terri's bed and sat in a circle to talk.
Tina was the first to ask, "Terri, I don't know you as well as Jeff does but I'd like to know, are you a lesbian?"
Terri smiled even though she was asked such a direct question. Looking directly at Tina she said, "I am bi-sexual. I appreciate a hard cock in my pussy as well as the more gentle touch of a female. If you are willing to allow me, I will make love to you with as much enthusiasm as I would if I made love to Jeff."
Tina said, "Between you and me, I've always wondered what it would be like to really kiss a girl. I mean passionately like you did to Kim down in the pool. Watching you and Kim started to make me wet."
Terri moved closer to Tina and took her in her arms and looked deeply into Tina's eyes. In a very soft voice Terri said, "Kiss me; kiss me like you would kiss Jeff."
Tina moved her head slowly forward until she was almost touching Terri then she closed her eyes and allowed her head to move those last few millimeters until her lips touched Terri's soft lips. At first Tina was very nervous and only allowed her lips to brush Terri's lips but after a few seconds both females pressed their lips together. At first their kisses were light and tender and then Terri pushed the tip of her tongue against Tina's lips, after a brief hesitation Tina opened her mouth to accept it. Terri and Tina advanced their passionate kissing and embrace as they allowed their upper body to fall over into the laying position. Terri allowed her hands to roam over Tina's body. First exploring her tits then massaging her soft belly before moving downward through Tina's trimmed pubic hair to the slippery wet slit hidden underneath. Tina rolled over on her back and spread her legs giving Terri full access to her pussy. Terri found Tina's small clit and with the first touch Tina moaned and quivered then raised her hips to help increase the pressure of Terri's finger on her clit. Terri used some of the wetness from Tina's pussy to lubricate her clit before she started rubbing it. Tina immediately started bucking her hips and moaning in pleasure.
Watching both women was too much for Jeff so he crawled up the bed between Tina's spread legs and began licking his wife's pussy and Terri's fingers. Jeff would alternate between tongue fucking his wife's hole then licking upward. Suddenly out of nowhere Tina's breathing increased and became ragged almost immediately as she tried to grind her clit against Terri's finger or Jeff's prying tongue. Humping wildly Tina experienced an orgasm like none other she'd ever had. Then to top her first orgasm off, a second orgasm immediately wracked her body into convulsion like tremors. Soon Tina was begging Terri and Jeff to stop their manipulation of her ultra-sensitive clit. Both relinquished their actions to allow Tina time to catch her breath and come down from her orgasmic high.
All three lay on Terri's bed enjoying the moment when Terri asked Tina, "Would it be alright with you if I let Jeff make love to me as my gift to him for protecting me?"
Tina looked over a Terri saying, "Normally I wouldn't share my husband with anyone but I understand both of you were forced into something beyond your control so if you are willing to give Jeff a present of yourself, then I will give you my approval."
Terri rolled over on her side and pulled Tina to her and hugged her naked body to her own. Looking into Tina's eyes Terri said, "I would never do anything that would ruin your marriage to Jeff, so I want you to be absolutely sure it's ok before anything happens."
Tina looked at Jeff saying, "Honey, if you want to make love to Terri you have my blessings and I'll be right here with both of you."
Terri pulled Tina close and kissed her passionately and this time Tina responded immediately. When the kiss was finished Terri rolled over on her back and looked at Jeff saying, "Jeff, we are in my bed and there is no one around to force you to do anything to my body. I would be very happy if you would make love to me. It is my present to you for trying to protect me."
Jeff was on his knees but sitting back on his heels looking at both Tina and Terri. Terri moved her right leg off to the side opening her pussy completely to Jeff's gaze. Although he had seen Terri's lovely bald pussy before, this time we was looking at it moments before his cock would slide all the way into it, which had secretly been his wish since the first time he'd seen it.
Terri watched Jeff and saw he looked like he was trying to decide what to do so she lovingly said, "Jeff, come up here and start kissing me and then we will go from there."
Jeff moved slowly but decisively as he crawled between Terri's spread open legs until his face was over hers. He leaned down and kissed her timidly at first until Terri reached up and put her hands behind his neck and pulled him down until his body was lying on hers. Within seconds Jeff was kissing Terri passionately with plenty of tongue involved. Terri moved her left hand over to rub Tina's hairy pubic mound as she continued to kiss Jeff. Terri and Jeff were dry humping each other until Terri broke their kiss and said, "It's time Jeff. I want your cock deep inside me for the first time."
Jeff fumbled like he was a teenager excited about getting his first piece of ass in the back seat of a car. Although he and Terri were both naked already his trembling hands had trouble holding his cock poised at the opening of Terri wet pussy. Finally Terri reached between their bodies and grasped Jeff's cock and used it to pull his hips forward until the head of his cock split the outer lips of her pussy. Terri looking up at Jeff said, "Please Jeff, fuck me with your beautiful cock, I want to give you this present because it's all I have."
Jeff groaned as he pushed his hips slowly forward burying his cock into the super heated tunnel of Terri's succulent pussy. Inch by inch he slipped inside her and all the time he kept eye contact with Terri. Searching her eyes for any change of mind but he saw none. Once his pubic touched hers, Jeff pushed down just a little bit more so he was as deep inside Terri as he could possibly be. He stayed where he was and didn't move. He wanted to savor the moment and make it last. Finally he said to Terri, "Thank you for allowing me to make love to you. If I move, I'm afraid I will cum just from the excitement of being inside you and I don't want to do that yet."
Tina said, "We understand males can cum early and if you do, I'm sure we can work out something so you can do this again, if Terri agrees."
Terri said, "Pull out Jeff I have an idea so all of us can enjoy our time together."
Jeff looked at Terri skeptically before he pulled his cock out of her pussy. Terri told Jeff to move back a little and when he did she rolled over on her stomach and move over and grabbed Tina's ankles and pulled them apart. Tina looked surprised until Terri move up and started licking her pussy. Terri stopped long enough to tell Jeff, "Fuck me now while I lick Tina's tasty pussy."
Jeff moved up behind Terri and once again inserted his cock into her pussy and this time he held her hips and started pumping right away. Terri went back to licking Tina's pussy and soon all three were moaning and breathing erratically in gasps. Tina reached down with her hands and held Terri's head so her face was tight against her pussy. Jeff pumping faster and harder before saying, "I'm gonna cum."
Tina called out, "I'm going to cum too, OH GOODNESS that feels so good Terri!"
Terri's face was still pulled into Tina's juicy pussy and she could only mumble an unintelligible response but between the three of them they knew Terri was about to have her orgasm as well. Within moments there were two loud moaning people and one smothered mumble. There was wild bucking and humping lasting at least thirty seconds maybe longer. All three took their time savoring the afterglow of their individual orgasm before moving so they could lie down separately and catch their breath.
Tina was the first to move and when she did she moved close to Terri and pulled her into a hug while looking into Terri's eyes lovingly before saying, "You are the first woman to ever touch me like you did and I totally enjoyed it. After this experience, I hope it's not the last time we can do this."
Still breathing deeply Terri moved her head forward and kissed Tina passionately before saying, "I will look forward to being with you and Jeff again."
Jeff smiled at the two females saying, "Terri I don't know how to thank you for giving me such a wonderful present. This bright spot in our relationship overshadows all the dark days we suffered through at the hands of Harold."
Terri looked between Tina and Jeff saying, "This is only the beginning of a long relationship. You will be welcome to come out here to the Morrisons as often as you want. Harold may have forced you and me to do things but now I want to include your lovely wife Tina and the three of us can enjoy each other's company for as long as you want to."
Moving towards the end of the bed Jeff said, "I have to use your bathroom. I have to pee."
Tina and Terri talked quietly while Jeff was gone. Tina admitted that she loved everything that Terri did to her body and would love to experiment further. Their conversation was interrupted when Jeff came back to the bathroom door asking, "May I take a shower?"
Terri smiled and said, "Come on Tina, we have a tradition in this house where we wash the body of the other person in the shower with you. It feels so wonderful to have someone else's soapy hands roaming over your body."
Tina and Terri jumped up and ran into the bathroom past Jeff like two squealing school girls. Terri stopped in front of the bidet and said, "I want to use this to wash out Jeff's cum before I take a shower."
Tina stopped beside Terri and said, "I've read about those but this is the first one I've seen can you show me how it works?"
Terri smiled and said, "That's another thing in this house, everyone is very open in what they do including personal hygiene and body functions. I didn't even think to ask you if you would be embarrassed if I used the bidet with you in here."
Tina watched Terri as she sat on the bidet and got cleaned up. When she stood up Terri said, "Tina sit down and try it. This is better than any douche you will ever find."
When the girls were finished with the bidet they walked over to the shower and stepped in with Jeff. They spent the next ten minutes washing each other before stepping out and drying off. Tina kept staring at Terri's bald pussy and said, "When Jeff and I get home we are going to shave each other and be bald like you are. I have to keep fluffing the hair on my pussy to make sure its dry so I don't get chaffed and all you had to do was wipe off the water. I also love the look of your bald pussy."
Terri smiled and said, "I want you both to come back and show me after you shave. Jeff, since you're taking a couple of days off, how about coming back out here tomorrow?"
Jeff looked at Tina before asking, "What do you think honey?"
Tiny smiled and said, "I'd love to but tomorrow is Saturday and we had some plans. However if we can get out of them, I'd love to come back out here. I've never felt so free and I'm surprised at how easily I've made the conversion to being nude and allowing others to see my naked body."
Terri said, "Thanks for reminding me that tomorrow is Saturday. Tomorrow Jenna is planning on having a few people over for a small party. Of course Kim and Dan will be here all day too so you are welcome to come back here tomorrow as my guests for the party."
Tina said with a smile, "We'll have to see how things go. We have prior plans and we'll have our kids tomorrow because they won't be in school."
Terri said, "Well if you can't make it tomorrow, I will extend my invitation to Monday. Both of you are welcome to come out and hang out for the day."
The trio walked out of Terri's bedroom and down the stairs. Tina said, "We have to get going because the kids will be out of school and we have to pick them up at my mom's house."
Terri stood with Jeff and Tina as they finished dressing and then walked them to the door. Terri slipped on a pair of sandals she had by the front door and walked out to their car with them. As they were saying their goodbyes a familiar brown van of UPS driving up the driveway. Jeff and Tina looked at Terri and Tina asked, "Are you really going to stand here naked and let him see you?"
Terri smiled before replying, "I am a nudist now, I have only been dressed twice since I've come out here to live. I don't intend to dash for cover and use my hand to cover myself. Yes, he will see all of me and I don't mind at all."
The UPS driver pulled up to a stop and asked, "This is the Morrison residence isn't it?"
Terri stood proudly facing the driver with her feet parted slightly and smiled as she said, "Yes this is the Morrison estate, my name is Terri, how may I help you?"
The driver sat in his seat for a few seconds looking up and down Terri's naked body before saying, "I have several boxes to deliver and my instructions are I have to put all of them in the garage."
Terri smiled, while still allowing the driver to stare at her, before saying, "Yes that's some of the electronic equipment I've been expecting. If you will back up to that garage door on the right, I will go in and open the door for you."
Turning to Jeff and Tina, who were still sitting in their car, she said, "I have to go open the door for him, have a good day and I'll see you Monday if I don't see you tomorrow."
The UPS driver sat still and watched as Terri turned and walked over to the porch and disappeared from view before he moved his truck. He had backed up to the door and had opened his truck back doors by the time Terri went through the house and into the garage to open the door. When the door was fully raised Terri stood waiting for the driver as he placed several boxes against the wall. As he was checking his list to make sure he had everything out of this truck Kim walked out into the garage and asked Terri what the man was delivering. Terri turned to Kim saying, "This is the electronic stuff that Ted ordered."
Kim smiled and said, "Oh yes, I remember now."
The UPS delivery man looked up and saw both beautiful ladies and he couldn't tear his eyes away from their naked bodies. When Kim and Terri looked back at him to see what he was doing they caught him staring at them. Both of the giggled and Kim said, "I'm sorry but we are nudists here and this is as dressed up as we get. I hope you like what you see."
The UPS delivery man said, "Yes ma'am, both of you look lovely and it's hard not to look."
Kim asked, "Are you the regular UPS delivery man for this neighborhood?"
The UPS Delivery guy replied, "Yes ma'am, I am the driver assigned to this route."
Kim stepped over and extended her hand to the UPS delivery man saying, "My name is Kim and this is my daughter Terri. Since you are going to be delivering more packages here what is your name so we can be on the first name basis."
The UPS man extended his hand and took Kim's in his and they shook hands and he finally said, "My name is Tim and I'm glad to make your acquaintance."
Terri stepped over and extended her hand next and shook hands with Tim saying, "Tim, I am glad to meet you. As I told you before my name is Terri and I will be the one who you will be seeing when you come here. You may have noticed we are having a security gate installed at the end of the driveway and when that is up there will be a pedestal for you to contact me and I'll let you in the gate."
Looking at both ladies Tim asked, "So let me get this straight, neither of you wear clothes?"
Terri smiled saying, "Only when we have to leave here and go into town. But let me ask you, are you saying you'd rather have us wear clothes when you come here?"
Back peddling quickly Tim said, "Absolutely not! I don't want to sound like a stalker or a pervert and maybe something worse, I was only wondering if I would be treated to this wonderful view each time I come here."
Terri said, "Like the lady said, we are nudists and this is as dressed up as we get and with the security system we have here, we can feel completely safe all the time."
Tim smiled as he said, "I mean neither of you any harm, I was only trying to compliment both of you but I guess I said it wrong."
Kim smiled at Tim saying, "There's no harm done and we look forward to seeing you again some time."
After checking the boxes with Tim, Terri signed for the delivery. Tim got back into his truck and closed the back doors and soon he started the truck and drove away.
Terri pushed the button to close the garage door and Kim and Terri walked hand in hand back into the house. Terri looked up Marion's number and called her to tell her the shipment they were expecting had arrived and was stored in the garage. Marion told Terri she would let Ted know when he got home.
Kim and Terri took bottles of cold water out on the deck and each one selected a lounge to lie down on so they could enjoy the warm sun. Kim made an observation by saying, "Terri, you've really shown us that you can handle the responsibilities of your job. Dan and I talked between us and I told him I was impressed at how fast you picked up on the business at hand. You seem to be a natural at organization and planning. I'm also impressed at how fast you picked up on our nudist lifestyle and present yourself nude in front of others."
Terri pondered what Kim had said before saying, "Being in the situation I was in and wanting out so bad, I was determined to do whatever it took to remove myself. During that interview with you and Dan and you telling me you were looking to hire only nudists for the positions, I decided right then and there I could do this job no matter what was required. Your motherly approach made all this possible."
Terri continued by saying, "I know you set up a trust fund for me and you've said if I want to go to college you would pay for it but Kim, right now I am so happy doing what I'm doing that I really don't see me taking you up on that offer. People like you, Dan and Jenna don't come along every day so I want to spend as much time with all of you as I can."
Kim reached out her hand and took Terri's and said, "We want you to spend a lot of time with us because we adore you and you're a dream come true. Honey if you only knew how much I wanted to have another daughter all these years. We love Jenna but Dan and I agreed a long time ago that Jenna needed a sister and we needed another daughter."
For another hour Kim and Terri lay in the sun and talked. Suddenly Terri sat up and said, "Oh no, it's past time for me to start dinner."
Terri jumped up and started into the house but Kim stopped her by saying, "Don't worry about dinner tonight. We'll order something and have it delivered. Wait until Dan and Jenna get here, then we'll figure out what we are going to eat."
Terri went into the house and picked up a couple more bottles of cold water out of the refrigerator and brought them out and handed one to Kim. Terri was about to sit down on her lounge when Barbie and Beth stepped up on the deck and headed into the house to use the bathroom. Tony and Patty walked up on the deck and after saying hi to Kim and Terri they headed to the outdoor shower. When Tony finished adjusting the water both of them stepped under the spray and started washing off the dirt that had accumulated on their bodies while working. When Barbie and Beth came back from the bathroom they stopped and talked to Kim and Terri. When Tony and Patty were finishing their shower Barbie called to them saying, "Leave the water running, Beth and I want to shower to."
Barbie and Beth walked over to the shower and stood under the spray and washed each other's body while Tony and Patty dried off. Terri asked, "Do you want a cold bottle of water?"
Immediately there were four voices saying, "Yes!" simultaneously.
Terri got up from her lounge and before going into the house she offered Tony and Patty to come over and sit while she got them some water. When she returned carrying four bottles of water, Tony and Patty each took one and Terri set the other two bottles on the table. Patty again started talking with Kim about the gardens and the landscaping while Tony talked to Terri. When Barbie and Beth were finished with their shower they came over and sat down in a chair and joined the conversation.
****************************
Everyone was talking out on the deck when I appeared through the sliding glass doors and said, "Hello honey, I'm home!" Turning to everyone else I said, "Hello there, it looks like everyone's having fun. I'll get rid of this briefcase and my clothes and I'll be right back." Before I got back into the house, everyone took turns welcoming me.
I re-emerged through the sliding glass doors about 5 minutes later carrying a bottle of cold water to drink and a towel to sit on. I pulled a chair over so I could sit and talk with everyone. I joined into the conversation of Tony, Terri, Beth and Barbie while Kim and Patty were engrossed in a conversation about plants, shrubs and trees. I told everyone a joke and we were in the middle of laughing when suddenly we heard someone say, "What's so funny?"
All our heads turned towards the sliding glass doors to see Jenna standing there with two other girls. The girls moved to each side of Jenna and were staring at us when Jenna said, "Mom, dad, Terri let me introduce you to a couple of friends who are going to stay over tonight and be here for the party tomorrow." Turning to her right Jenna said, "You remember Lisa Thompson we met her at the boutique and over here is Becky Harris she also works with Lisa and me."
Turning to Terri, Jenna asked, "Terri would you be so kind to get us a couple of statements for Lisa and Becky while we go up to my room and get out of these clothes?"
Jenna and her friends turned and headed back into the house and Terri stood up and followed them. I continued my conversation with Tony and his sisters and soon four very naked females walked through the sliding glass doors out onto the deck. All of us stopped talking and looked at the new arrivals as Jenna and Terri moved chairs over near us so everyone had a seat.
Before they sat down the four of them stood talking between themselves which gave all of us a chance to check them out. Once again I marveled at Lisa's great body as my eyes wandered over her "C" sized tits with their very light pink areola and a pencil sized nipple and finally her lovely tight lipped bald pussy. This time, her mom and aunt weren't standing beside her trying to cover her from my eyes.
Satisfied with my observed details of Lisa's body I looked towards Becky and first thing I noticed was her high prominent bald pubic mound that stood out making her pussy almost invisible when looking straight at her. Becky has a slim waist and her "C" cup tits are round and stand out from her chest. Her areolas are light brown, a little bigger than the size of a quarter with a very small nipple centered in the middle of each tit. Looking up at her face I noticed she had light blue eyes which stood out being framed by her very dark brown hair.
The girls finished talking and moved over to the chairs Jenna and Terri had moved and everyone sat down. Becky seemed to be a little self conscious as she looked around at everyone and she crossed her hands over her pubic area and crossed her legs. Beth and Barbie joined the conversation with Terri, Jenna, Lisa and Becky leaving Tony and I to talk on our own or listening to what the girls had to say.
Tony looked at me and I said, "Let's go float in the pool because we aren't going to get a word in edgewise around here."
We stood up and were almost to the pool when we were joined by Kim and Patty. The four of us stepped down into the pool because it felt cold after sitting in the heat. Both of us guys had to take extra special caution to get the family jewels wet slowly (guys you know what I mean). Neither of us were worried about shrinkage, ya just don't dunk the marbles without due warning. I turned to Tony and said with a broad smile on my face, "Ya know Tony, the females talk about equal rights but did you ever notice when they get cold their nipples get hard and stand right out? While on the other hand when our cocks get cold they shrink right up to nothing. Now, THAT'S not equal rights."
Tony laughed, but Kim and Patty floated up to the surface so their nipples broke the water with Patty saying, "Yeah, but you guys love it when the headlights go on high beam and don't try to deny it."
Kim giggled and said, "She's got you there. A few moments ago both of you guys were looking at our nipples and I didn't see any frown on your faces."
Kim turned to me saying, "We didn't plan on anything for dinner tonight because Terri and I thought it would be nice to order something and have it delivered. Now that there is a group of us here, we can decide what we want to eat and make an order then swim while we're waiting for it to be delivered."
Tony immediately cut in saying, "We can't impose on you, we'll get ready and leave soon so don't count the four of us into the mix."
Kim immediately said, "Nonsense, all of you are staying and we are going to enjoy ourselves tonight. And that's final."
I laughed and turned to Tony before saying, "The BOSS has spoken and you don't want the wrath of "THE BOSS" to rain down upon you!"
Kim, Tony and Patty laughed at my poor John Wayne impression before Tony said, "With an offer like that, honey how can we refuse?"
Patty was still laughing when we were invaded by six more females, all of them entering the pool by cannon balling and splashing water every which way. Once all six heads bobbed back to the surface Beth was the first to ask, "Hey what's so funny over here?"
Patty said, "If you weren't so busy with your summit meeting over there you would know that we've decided to spare the wrath of THE BOSS (John Wayne impression) and stay for dinner."
Suddenly there were six females jumping up and down in the water giggling and carrying on like they were ten year olds. When the ruckus died down there was a chorus of, "What are we having?"
I looked at Tony, and then motioned for Kim and Patty to move over by me before saying, "I think we better stay out of this until the end and then add what we want."
All three of them looked at me and Tony said, "I haven't seen my sisters act like that in many years. I don't know what they've been drinking but they're fun to watch."
Kim said, "The girls are about all the same age and they are having fun so we can sit back and watch their antics."
Soon I saw Terri get out of the pool and dry off her hands before picking up a pencil and a pad of paper. Acting as the secretary she wrote down a laundry list of foods and the places to order from. Once all the ideas were on paper the girls huddled around to put together a menu for our evening meal. When they finished Terri read the list out loud for all of us to hear. When she was finished she asked, "Is there anything else anyone wants to eat?"
I looked at Kim saying, "I think they pretty much covered it."
Tony said, "It sounds like they are going to get enough to feed an Army."
Kim smiled saying, "That's ok what we don't eat tonight we'll eat tomorrow because Jenna is having a small party."
Looking at Tony then at Patty, Kim asked, "What are the four of you doing all day tomorrow?"
Tony and Patty looked between each other before Tony said, "I have a couple of lawns to do in the morning but after that we don't have anything scheduled."
Kim smiled and said, "Then all of you are welcome to come back out here for the party."
"Dan, why don't you call Ted and Marion and invite them out here for the party tomorrow too?" Kim said with a smile.
Terri was off to the side waiting for the food list to be given back to her and she heard our conversation so she came over and asked Kim, "Since we are having many of the staff here tomorrow for the party shouldn't we include the six new people in the cleaning staff?"
Kim smiled broadly and said, "Excellent idea Terri. How about you call them tonight and invite them over."
Kim turned to me saying, "I think it would be nice to get to know everyone who is going to be working here."
Patty turned to me saying, "We are so happy to be working here it is so much different than anything we've experienced before. We love the freedom of working without the hot clothes on and all of us are getting excellent full body tans."
Tony smiled saying, "Not to mention that I get to work with the three hottest women on this planet and get to stare at their naked bodies all day."
Kim smiled and said, "Tony, it's good to hear you talk like that and admit the three females with you are hot. There are far too many men now days who take females for granted. I'm very lucky too because Dan is not in that other group I just mentioned either."
Jenna and Terri returned from the house to announce that the food orders were called in and over the next forty five minutes to an hour the food would be delivered. I asked if anyone was interested in helping bring some tables up out of the basement and suddenly there was a parade of bare asses climbing out of the pool drying off and Jenna led the way to the basement for the tables. Kim and I were still floating in the pool when Kim said, "Dan, I think we have quite a crew here. I don't know what we did right, but we are being rewarded for something."
We watched as four tables were set up on the deck and then washed down in preparation for the food. Once the tables were cleaned and the paper plates, plastic forks were laid out, everyone came back and jumped in the pool. Tony and Patty floated back over by me and Kim and it was obvious that Tony had a hard on. Kim smiled asking Tony, "It's like a kid in a candy store isn't it?"
Tony blushed before saying, "I got used to being nude with Patty and my sisters and seeing Terri occasionally but I'm too young to have a heart attack. If you know what I mean."
Kim, Patty and I broke out in a quiet laughter before I said, "I understand completely about seeing all the beautiful female flesh wandering around here and when it's time to eat, Tony, you and I are both going to be pointing at the sky."
Patty moved over next to Tony and asked quietly, "Honey, do you want to slip away so I can take care of that thing for you?"
Tony looked at Kim and me then back at Patty saying, "Sweetheart I won't mind if the girls get to see my cock standing up like a flag pole but if you're horny enough to take care of it right here, go for it."
Terri walked over to our end of the pool and sat down with her legs in the water saying to Kim, "I contacted both Ashley and Gus and both of them said they have their people busy in the morning but each of them think that can be free to come here tomorrow a little after noon. Both of them said they would confirm in the morning. Both Ashley and Debbie will be here first thing in the morning to clean so they will tell us then."
The door bell sounded and immediately Jenna jumped up out of the pool and started towards the house dripping water as she walked saying, "I'll get the door."
Lisa called after Jenna saying, "But you don't have any clothes on."
Jenna turned with a giggle saying, "I don't need any, come on we can go together."
Lisa got out of the pool and started after Jenna when the other girls one by one each said, "I gotta see this" as each got out of the pool and ran to catch up with Jenna.
I sat there watching the last cute lil ass disappear into the house before saying, "Jenna, she's such a show off. I think she would strip anywhere if she was dared to do it."
Patty said, "She has the body to do it. Jenna is a very pretty young lady."
We were relaxing in the pool and suddenly we heard several loud shrieks and giggles followed by loud laughing mixed with some additional screams. Jenna burst back out on the deck and asked, "I forgot to ask, how are we going to pay for the food?"
Terri stood up and smiled and said, "I'll get a check for you."
Jenna was laughing and trying to say, "You should have seen that guy's face when I opened the door naked then when the girls started laughing he looked up and saw more tits and his mouth dropped open and he just stared. He couldn't talk so he handed me the slip with the cost on it." Then Jenna turned and ran back into the house.
Kim was looking at Patty saying, "You've got a great body also. You look so well toned but I guess you would have to be to do landscaping business."
Patty smiled and moved over and gave Kim a hug and I noticed she stayed pressed against Kim longer than a normal hug. When she stepped back she smiled at Kim saying, "I've only had limited experience with another female but I would love to make love to you sometime. That is if you want to."
Kim smiled at Patty saying, "Honey, I'm bi-sexual and I would love to get between those beautiful legs of yours and lick you until you cum unglued."
Patty smiled saying, "I would love that and much, much more."
Tony and I were standing in chest deep water and enjoying the late afternoon watching Patty and Kim when suddenly we were invaded by the group of screaming, shrieking and giggling girls. They ran to the edge of the pool and jumped in causing the water to get so rough that it spilled over the edge. They all jabbered excitedly about the way Jenna showed her naked body to the delivery men who brought the food. Each one of them expressed excitement they too had allowed their tits to be seen and how excited it made them feel.
Jenna and Terri started bringing out the food and setting it on the tables. Terri said, "All the food is here, so come out and get dried off and we can eat."
One by one we walked up the steps to get out of the pool and grabbed a towel to dry off and sit on while we ate dinner. While we were eating dinner there were many questions floated around the table about our nudist lifestyle. Of course there were some questions for Jenna about her exhibitionist streak and how she got the nerve to let total strangers see her whole naked body. Jenna told everyone it excited her and made her wet when guys looked at her body especially her pussy. Terri said, "Since I came to work here I've only had clothes on twice and I've come to enjoy people seeing me completely naked and I get wet too. This afternoon the UPS guy came with some packages and both Kim and I were completely naked when he was here. It is a lot of fun and it gives me quite a thrill too."
Lisa listened to Jenna and Terri and then asked, "Do you guys remember when were at the boutique and I stripped naked even though my mom had a fit?"
Jenna was first to say, "How can we forget? Your mom threw such a hissy fit over dad seeing your body. She tried to block his view of you."
All of us who were there that day broke out laughing as Lisa said, "On the way home my mom read me the riot act how no man should see my body before my wedding night and I shouldn't be such a floozy. I told mom that was the first time a male has seen me and I wasn't a floozy because I don't do sexual favors for men. Of course my aunt had to defend my mother so it was two against one the whole way home."
"But after seeing Jenna with the delivery guys, I got wet watching her. It looks exciting to show off like that and I'm gonna try it some more." Lisa said with a very profound attitude.
Becky piped up saying, "If Lisa is going to try it I'm with her. I'll do it too."
Tony was sitting next to Patty and said, "All of you can start showing off whatever you want to Dan and me and we'll give you a second and third opinion."
There was a loud crack and Patty's hand print showed instantly on Tony's shoulder. Tony recoiled instantly in pain with a goofy look on his face when Patty said, "Don't you think looking at me and your sisters is enough?"
Again Becky piped up asking, "Who are your sisters, Tony?"
Terri replied, "Beth and Barbie are his sisters."
Becky smiled and said, "WOW! I wish I could hang out with my brothers and all of us be naked. That would be so cool. I know they think I'm hot because they are always trying to get a peek at me or try to catch me when I'm getting dressed or undressed."
I smiled and said, "Yes, brothers are like that. I always tried to get a look at my sisters when they were doing the same thing. But they used to tease me a lot too because they would run from the bedroom to the bathroom sometimes naked and sometimes in only a towel that didn't cover much. I think they lived in only bras and panties when I was at home."
All the girls around the table started laughing and I cut in saying, "It isn't funny to tease a teen aged boy full of testosterone. Do you know how many times I had to jerk off so I could sleep at night?"
Even when Tony tried to interject something the females around the table burst out laughing and it became painfully evident that neither Tony nor I were going to get much sympathy. Finally Tony said, "My sisters did the same thing to me when I was growing up and look at mom's lil princesses now, they've even lost their bras and panties."
A roar of laughter erupted this time from the females and I looked at Tony and shrugged my shoulders saying, "Tony I guess they don't care what effect they have on us poor males. I guess they are going to use us and abuse us then toss us away."
My attempt for sympathy was pathetic but Kim, Jenna and Terri picked up on my meaning at the same time but Jenna was first to say, "Aw daddy, don't worry when we get ready for bed tonight you'll have your pick of who's gonna fill up that big bed of yours."
"HOLY SHIT! Jenna are you saying your dad sleeps with more than your mom?" Lisa quickly asked.
Jenna looked around at me then her mother then at Terri before getting a nod of approval from Kim, and then she said, "You were going to find out later tonight anyway but try to keep this to yourself. We are a loving family and when I say that, I mean we are really a loving family. My mom and dad are the BEST PARENTS in the world. All of us share our love equally."
There were some noises from Lisa and Becky but neither said a word. Kim immediately said, "Before your minds wander, we are advocates for nothing happens unless all parties consent."
Lisa spoke up saying, "I think it's really neat that all of you enjoy and love each other. I wish I had a family who shared so much with me."
Tony spoke up saying, "My sisters and I have become very close too. The very concept of loving those who are closest to you is fabulous. We are really enjoying our new lifestyle."
"Tony is really a great guy and now that all four of us are involved with each other, we have learned the meaning of true love." Beth said.
Becky again said, "WOW! I like whatever is in the air, food or water out here because it seems all of you who have been here for awhile really do love your family members. Listening to all this is making me wet and I can't wait to get home, I'm going to let my brothers see me naked. I'm so excited and I'm really starting to like this nudist stuff."
Barbie said, "Since we've been working here nude, all of us have developed a really great tan and the best part is we don't have tan lines either. I've always loved my brother and then I loved his wife when they got married but now I can really show them how much I love them."
I smiled at Kim and she returned my smile before she said, "When Dan and I decided to buy this place and hire a staff who would work nude, we didn't know we would be influencing so many people. We had talked and the idea came up it would be nice to have families working here but never in our wildest dreams did we expect it to happen the way it has. We are thoroughly overjoyed and encouraged by those who have accepted positions with us."
Patty spoke up saying, "We have had some great jobs in the past but this one is the best one we've ever had. I love to share Tony with his sisters and I love it when they share their love with me. Our crew will be here as long as you want us to be."
I looked around the table saying, "It's really great that we've learned to share our love and I look forward to the party tomorrow when we have everyone here who we've hired.
We finished up dinner and everyone helped to put things away and clean up the table and put them off to the side until tomorrow. Some of the girls went into the pool while Tony, Patty, Kim, Terri and I headed for the hot tub. Tony and I uncovered it and then without any ceremony we slipped into the very warm water and turned on pump so the jets would churn the water. I adjusted the radio to some soft music and then slipped into a seated position in the hot tub. It was then I realized I had Terri on one side of me and Patty on the other while Kim was sandwiched between Tony and Patty. I instinctively put my hands underwater and rested them on my thighs. Terri put her hand underwater and suddenly I felt her hand encircle my cock causing it to come to life immediately. I looked at Terri and smiled saying, "That's my girl, you know what daddy wants and needs."
Kim looked at Patty and asked, "Do you mind if I do a little exploring on my own?"
Patty smiled at Kim and suddenly both Kim's hands disappeared under the water while Patty continued to smile and wiggle a little bit, Tony suddenly got a shocked look on his face. Kim smiled at Patty and said, "Very nice Patty, you're wet already and your husband over here is as hard as a rock already."
"Um honey, are you ok with this part?" Tony asked
Patty leaned forward and looked at Tony saying, "Honey we've had a hell of a ride since we came here to work. I'm willing to explore and see where it goes if you are."
Tony smiled and said, "I love you darling and I agree, we have enjoyed everything that's happened to us and I'm willing to explore too. Let's make an agreement now to enjoy the ride no matter where it takes us."
"Done deal babe, love ya!" Patty said will a huge smile on her face.
Kim said now that is settled, "Patty you and I talked earlier and you said you wanted to experiment with me. We can do this with you enjoying some of me and let Tony enjoy some of you at the same time or you and I can switch places. What way would you like to try first?"
"Would it be ok with you if you tasted me and then we could switch and I could taste you?" Patty asked shyly.
Kim smiled like the cat that ate the canary then she said, "Patty sit up on the edge of the hot tub and then lay back on the deck. Spread your legs off to the sides and I will have full access to your lovely pussy."
Patty stood up and sat on the edge of the hot tub and lay back like Kim asked her to do and then she spread her legs. From the other side of the hot tub I was enjoying the view of her lovely bald pussy. Kim stood up then reached down for Tony's hand and brought it up and cupped her pussy with his hand. She used her hand to move his back and forth before she said, "Tony I'm going to bend over and lick your wife's pussy until she screams. I want you to put that nice hard cock of yours in my pussy and fuck me until I scream."
Tony smiled and said to Kim, "Yes ma'am you won't have to ask me twice. With a great body like yours I know we will have a great time."
Kim bent over at the waist and leaned forward until she was inches from Patty's lovely bald pussy. Kim viewed Patty's delicate flower for a moment before using her finger to part the thin petals to see the inner beauty. Turning her head slightly to the side Kim kissed the inside of Patty's thigh moving ever so slowly towards her target when she stopped and turned her head the opposite way and started over again kissing her way towards Patty's lovely pink pussy. This time she didn't stop and continued kissing tenderly first one lip and then the other lip. Kim's tongue started to explore the valley moving upward until her tongue touched the rapidly budding clit. At the same time Kim's tongue touched Patty's clit making her moan passionately, Tony eased his cock into Kim's tight pussy until his full length was buried deep. Tony held Kim's hips tight against him and rotated his hips so the head of his cock was pressed firmly against her cervix. Kim moaned into Patty pussy causing Patty to duplicate Kim. Slowly Tony started moving in and out of Kim's tight pussy while Kim seriously attacked Patty's clit.
Meanwhile on the other side of the hot tub I lifted Terri up on the edge, laid her back and spread her legs. I tenderly spread her pussy lips with my tongue and started to manipulate her clit. I then moved down to lick her lil rose bud asshole causing Terri to go wild and make plenty of noise as she bucked her hips trying her best to keep my tongue in contact with her body. It didn't take long for Terri to grab my head and pull my face into her pussy as she moaned loudly as tremor after tremor seized her body. Suddenly Terri was squirting her female fluid each time she bucked and I thought I was going to drown as Terri held me tight so I couldn't pull back.
Behind me I heard Patty scream, "EAT ME, and make me cum all over your face. OH MY GOD, KIM that feels so good ...... uuugh!"
Then I heard Tony say, "Kim I'm going to cum do you want me to pull out?"
Kim screamed, "NO, don't pull out, wait I'm almost there too. Tony, give it to me hard and fast and make me cum with you."
Terri and I watched as Tony moved into high gear and rapidly pumped his cock into Kim's body; we heard the slapping sounds of flesh every time Tony pushed his cock into her. Suddenly Kim screamed, "NOW Tony, fill me with your cum." There was a combined sound of groans, moans and heavy rapid breathing as both Tony and Kim experienced their orgasm together. They continued to move slowly as their orgasm waned.
All five of us sank back into the warm water of the hot tub to rest. Kim was showered with kisses from each side of her as both Tony and Patty said thank you. Kim looked at each of them saying, "I want to thank you for sharing such an intimate moment with me. Both of you are wonderful people and I'm so glad you are here."
Patty quickly and quietly added, "We aren't finished yet. I want your body so I can taste you and pleasure you the way you did me."
Kim smiled and said, "When you taste me you going to have a combined taste of me and Tony."
"I know, and I'm looking forward to having him fuck my pussy while I am licking his cum out of your pussy. It's going to be so hot." Patty said with a huge smile on her face.
Terri and I watched as Kim, Patty and Tony became involved in a three-way kiss. Tony and Patty moved around so they were in front of Kim on each side with Patty fondling her tits and Tony's hand was below the water. Kim started moaning and breathing faster as she pulled away and moved so she sat on the edge of the hot tub and lay back. Patty moved between Kim's open legs and moved immediately to Kim's pussy. Tony moved behind Patty and inserted his cock into her tight wet pussy and started pumping.
I looked up and saw Jenna leading Beth and Barbie closer to the hot tub and then put a couple of towels down on the deck. Beth and Barbie laid down on the towels and although I couldn't hear what Jenna was saying but I realized she was instructing and assisting Beth and Barbie into a tribing position. I watched as she had them move their pussy so they were touching and then move her hands in a scissoring motion. Soon Beth and Barbie where rubbing their pussy against the others. Jenna stayed there and coached them as they started moving faster and faster scissoring their pussy. Lisa and Becky sat silently beside Jenna and watched what she told the sisters to do.
Meanwhile back on the hot tub deck, Kim was screaming in ecstasy and holding Patty's hair so she couldn't pull away from her pussy. Tony was pumping energetically while holding Patty's hips and driving his cock deep inside her with each stroke. Tony was once again groaning and warned Patty he was about to cum and she said between gasps and heavy breaths, "Go ahead and cum in me baby, I'm right there ready to cum to."
For the next untold seconds the air was filled with moans, and groans combined with gasping for air as Patty and Tony rode the waves of their orgasmic tidal waves. Terri and I watched as each of them quivered and shook while they enjoyed their post orgasmic pleasure. Tony pulled his cock out of Patty and sunk slowly down in the water. Once released Patty also slipped below the surface until she was shoulder deep in the water. Kim on the other hand sat up on the edge of the hot tub and said, "I've got to pee, I'll be right back." Kim stood up and walked into the house on wobbly legs.
I stood up looked around at everyone especially Terri and asked, "Are you ready to go cool off in the pool?"
As all of us stood up and stepped out of the hot tub Patty said, "I have to go pee, I'll be right back."
We were walking towards the pool but as we were about to pass Beth and Barbie they picked up tempo and were really grinding their clits together, moaning loudly and breathing is gasps. Suddenly both screamed and trembled during their orgasms. Jenna was excitedly praising them as Tony's sisters experienced their first orgasm while tribing.
We walked past them and down into the pool and were quickly followed by Tony's sisters, Jenna, Lisa and Becky. There was a lot of excited talk with no one in particular dominating the conversation. Becky was the most inquisitive when she asked, "Does everyone have sex here often?"
Jenna was fast to say, "We don't have what you would call an orgy here but anyone is free to enjoy themselves as long as no one is forced to have sex with another person."
"Yes, we do believe in sharing our love with others but all persons must be willing, without exception. If anyone sexually harasses or coerces someone into having sex, they will be dealt with immediately." Terri added in her official business like voice.
Everyone looked towards me for my opinion so I said, "I can't add anything more to what's already been said other than sexual harassment or coercion would be like committing murder and won't be tolerated even in its mildest forms."
Lisa was looking directly at me when she asked, "What would happen if I asked you to do something sexual with me, would you do it or tell me no?"
Jenna jumped right into the question saying, "Daddy is a wonderful lover and he takes his time to make the female he is with feel like she's the only girl in the world at that moment. My daddy would rock your world."
Terri giggled saying, "If you are a virgin, daddy will also make sure you are thoroughly ready before he gets ready to take your virginity and then when you give him the ok to put his cock in you, he will be so gentle you wouldn't believe what a great lover he is."
Tony looked at me saying, "WOW, are you a stud or what?"
I smiled saying, "No, I'm not a stud or anything like a stud. I learned at a very young age to be considerate of my female partner because they aren't like males who can cum easily. I took time to read many medical articles about the female body and even more sexual therapists articles so I could make sure the female I was with didn't go unsatisfied after our sexual encounter. I know most males won't go to the same lengths I did but my willingness to learn does give me an edge over those who do the "slam bam thank you ma'am" type of sex."
Lisa asked, "So if I asked you to make love to me, what would happen first."
Terri came to my rescue saying, "Lisa, there's really only one way to find out what daddy would do to you."
Beth moved over next to her brother and put her arm around him before saying, "Not to take anything away from Dan but I want to say I love Tony's cock in my pussy. He fills me up and he makes sure I cum first or with him every time we make love."
Becky shyly spoke up saying, "Since we are all talking about sex so openly, I have to say I need a special person to make love to me. I don't know how many of you noticed but I have a very high pubic bone so I need to either be on top and ride a cock or be fucked from behind because it is too painful to let the guy on top of me to fuck in the missionary position."
"Becky, I noticed your pubic mound but I didn't want to say anything but, now that you've mentioned it, may I feel it and see what it feels like?" Tony asked.
Becky moved over towards Tony saying, "I'd really love for you to feel my pussy."
One by one everyone one of us who were in the pool took turns feeling Becky's pussy. When she came to me, I not only cupped her pussy in my hand and slipped my middle finger inside here and felt how wet she was but I tweaked her left nipple as well. For my efforts she leaned into me making an "mmmmmmmmmmm" sound. Instead of moving on immediately Becky stayed next to me and spread her legs wide enough to give me full access to her lovely pussy. Looking around at all the others she said, "I've done some research on my problem and found out that most girls who have the high prominent pubic bone like I do are usually very shy about their bump but after I learned how to use it to my advantage, I don't mind it at all. Usually people see it and are too bashful to ask me about it. I keep myself waxed bald so I can show it off properly."
"I wouldn't mind finding out more about your pussy sometime when you want an older guy to take a look at you. I think I would almost have to put your legs on your chest to lick your pussy properly." I said to Becky with a giant smile on my face.
Becky looked at me saying, "I love the way you think Dan. When you are ready I am. I don't care if the others watch or not, I enjoy sex."
Not one to hesitate when a proposal like that is presented to me I said, "Let's get out of the pool and use the lounge chair over there."
We walked out of the pool and I noticed Beth was kissing Tony and his hands were busy wandering around his sister's body. Right after Becky and I stepped on the deck Beth said, "Let's go use one of the other lounges and see what we can do to make some noise."
Terri, Jenna, Barbie and Lisa were left in the pool and it didn't take Jenna long to come up with an idea how the four of them could enjoy some fun and not be left out. They too got out of the pool and laid towels on the deck and then Jenna showed them how to lay down and each of them lay on their side and open their legs so all four could lick someone's pussy at the same time. It ended up with Terri licking Jenna, Lisa licking Barbie and Jenna licking Lisa and Barbie licking Terri's pussy. There was a chorus of oooooohs and awwwwws as each girl went about licking and sucking the pussy and clit presented to them.
Over on the lounges Tony was serious about making his sister scream the loudest as he held her legs up in the air and pushed to the sides so he had full access to Beth's lovely bald pussy and clit. Tony sucked Beth's clit into his mouth and used his rough tongue to rub it from different directions sending Beth into wild passionate bumping and grinding at the same time her volume peaked when she screamed, "OH GOD TONY! I'M AGGGGHHHH CUMMING!" Tony didn't stop and kept on manipulating her clit with his tongue sending her over the edge a few more times before she begged him to stop. When he pulled his face away from her sopping wet pussy he pulled her to the edge of the lounge and while on his knees he drove his cock hard and deep into her boiling hot pussy. He kept her legs up over his shoulders as he held onto her hips and continued to pump into Beth feverishly. Beth tried to buck her hips up and down but Tony was like a jack hammer and the way Beth was positioned allowed Tony to bump her clit with each inward pump. Suddenly Tony slowed his pace drastically and used slow full strokes in and out of his sister's tight pussy. Looking up at her Tony said, "Beth I don't want to cum yet, I want to enjoy your pussy for a while longer. You can cum if you can but I want to save mine for the end."
Beth nodded her head and said, "Tony, you feel so good inside me, I don't ever want to you stop making love to your baby sister.
Off to the side of Tony's lounge I had Becky's legs still in the air and she had already experienced a couple of orgasms and one of them was simultaneous to one of the ones Beth experienced. I'm not sure which girl screamed the loudest but I remember Becky holding me by my hair and trying to pull it out by the roots as she held my face tight to her pussy as she bucked her hips beneath my exploring tongue. I made a mental note I should get a haircut before tomorrow if I was going to have any further dealings with Becky. But I digress, here I was worrying about a little thing like my hair when in fact I was a middle aged man between the legs of an eighteen year old beauty, something most men would almost die for to trade places with me and I was complaining? Good God Almighty, I put my hair right out of my thoughts and continued to do what I do best and that's to pleasure the female I'm with.
I brought Becky to a couple more orgasms before she begged me to stop and put my cock in her waiting pussy. Like Tony I kept her legs up over my shoulders and pulled on her hips to move her down to the end of the lounge so her pussy was ripe for the picking. I asked Becky are you a virgin and she said, "Hell NO, but I'm not that experienced either so if you go slowly, I can adjust to your size."
I aligned my cock up with her lovely pussy and started the slow push inward and immediately I knew what Becky told me was the truth. She was exceptionally tight and I was wondering if I was actually going to get inside her. I looked up at Becky and said, "Relax honey, I will go slow but if you relax a little your muscles won't be so tight."
Becky smiled up at me saying, "You are a gentle man and I really appreciate you not forcing yourself inside me."
It took me a few minutes to move into Becky until I was totally inside her. I didn't move and allowed her vagina to expand and accept the size of my cock. Just as I started moving in and out of Becky slowly, Kim and Patty came out onto the deck and stopped. They looked around and I looked at them before Kim said, "Look Patty, they didn't miss us a bit. Maybe we can go back up to my room and do some more."
Patty giggled and said, "I'd love to but I don't think my clitty can take any more tonight. There's always tomorrow."
Kim and Patty sat down in a chair not far from Tony and me and watched us as we continued to pleasure the female we were with. Tony was the first to tell Beth he was going to cum soon and picked up a more rapid pace. Beth was panting as she tried to say, "Cum in be big brother, I want to feel you squirt your hot cum all over the inside of my pussy. Fuck me hard and fill me up, I need you so badly."
Listening to Beth talk dirty to Tony had some effects on me combined with the tightness of Becky's pussy. I looked down at Becky saying, "I'm going to cum soon too, are you ready for another orgasm?"
Becky was fast to say, "Yes I have one working up and it's almost here, go ahead and blast your cum into my pussy, I'm safe, I'm on the pill."
From that moment on it became a marathon for Tony and I as each of us moved closer to filling the lovely female in front of us with our cum. Beth continued to talk dirty and soon Becky started to talk dirty and about the same time I said I was cumming, Tony announced he was cumming too. Both of us began pumping rapidly and we squirted our cum deep into the womb of each female. We both continued to pump more slowly and enjoy the sensations of our sexual adventures. I felt my cock going soft and with Becky being so tight there was no way I was going to be able to get back inside her. I let her legs down off my shoulders and then I reached out my hand to take hers so she could sit up. When she did, it was a good thing we had put a towel down under her because most of my cum came gushing out of her. I smiled and said, "WOW, I guess you did something to me for me to give you that much."
Looking at Becky I said, "Let's go over and use the shower by the pool and clean up a little and then we can have something to drink."
Becky took my hand as I helped her stand up. As we walked towards the shower we stopped momentarily and looked down at the quivering mass of female flesh as each of them continued to pleasure the pussy at the end of their tongue. After a few minutes of watching the girls we moved on to the showers. I adjusted the water and stepped under the water and then held out hand as an invitation for her to join me. After only a moment hesitation Becky stepped forward under the water with me. I held her close and said, "Usually around this house we get to wash the other body in the shower instead of washing our own."
Becky smiled and said, "Well sir, my body is awaiting your soapy hands."
Becky and I were finishing our shower when Beth and Tony walked over so we stepped out and they stepped under the water. As we were drying our bodies Becky watched as Tony washed Beth's body. "What a great tradition you have here. I certainly enjoyed having you wash me and I'm going to see if I can get a shower partner every now and then." Becky said with a giggle.
I asked if Becky wanted some soda or water as we walked back over to the chairs by Kim and Patty. Becky said she would love to have some cold water so I offered her to sit down and I went into the house and pulled a couple of bottles out of the refrigerator. When I returned outside the devil made me hold the bottle over Becky's head and wiggle it until a drop of cold water dripped down and hit her tit almost on her nipple. Becky let out a screech and jumped as I stood behind her laughing my fool head off. For my spontaneous deed I received a playful slap on my arm then Becky took her water and sat down in her chair again.
"I bet you'll learn not to pick on those younger girls any more darling, they'll kick your ass." Kim said while laughing.
I took my punishment like a man and sat down in a chair rubbing the place I was slapped saying, "Ohhhhh that still stings."
Everyone broke out laughing at me and even Tony got in on my abuse by saying, "What a wimp." His statement caused even more laughter around the deck.
Beth and Tony came to sit down with us and I told them they could go choose something cold to drink in the refrigerator. Beth walked into the house and came back with two bottles of water for her and her brother. Soon we were joined by the other four girls after they finished showering and coming over to join us.
"I am so glad that Jenna and I got together and she invited me out here. This is really a great way to live. I only wish my mom would lighten up a little and stop being so strict about being covered up all the time." Lisa said.
"Our mom was the same way. However since we've been working here I know when I select my husband, he is going to have to live as a nudist and our family will be raised as nudists. I understand that sex isn't part of nudism but when there are other consenting people around it is great to share your love with someone else." Beth said with a huge smile on her face.
"I agree with Beth. We've learned to share with each other since we started working here and Patty and I are so much closer now than we were before." Tony said.
The evening wore on and soon Patty and Tony decided it was time for them to go home. Kim said to Patty, "When you come tomorrow, don't plan on working or anything. Tomorrow is just a party day for all of us."
We stood up and everyone hugged each other before Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth walked off the deck and out to their vehicles to go home. The rest of us sat back down and enjoyed the cool evening air.
Terri was the first to mention she was tired and was going to go up to her room and go to bed.
Kim and I stood up and started moving toward the door when Kim said, "Terri has a great idea because tomorrow will be a long day too."
Jenna said, "I'll lock up when we get ready to go to bed. I think the three of us will hang out a down here little while longer."
As we were walking into the house Terri turned to Kim and me saying, "I'll call the pool cleaning service first thing in the morning and have them come out and clean both the hot tub and the pool. We had a little extra activity in both of them so we'll have them add whatever chemicals are needed."
All of us chuckled and Kim asked Terri, "Are you going to bed with us again tonight. You know you're welcome anytime."
Terri smiled saying, "You know I'd love to be in bed with both of you again. Both of you make me feel so safe."
Kim stepped to the other side of Terri and put her arm around her shoulders and I put my arm around her waist and the three of us walked side by side through the house and up the stairs and down the hall towards our room. When we got in the bedroom I went into the bathroom to pee and Terri followed me. When I raised the seat she was right there to hold my cock and aim it for me while I peed. When I was finished she shook it off a few times more than necessary then smiled up at me saying, "I guess I was playing with it."
I smiled back saying, "I guess you were."
Kim sat down on the bidet after she adjusted the water and washed herself. She looked at Terri and asked, "Do you want to wash your pussy before we go to bed?"
Terri smiled and said, "Oh yes, I want to be clean and fresh all the time."
Terri sat on the toilet and peed then stood up and walked over to the bidet and cleaned her pussy. When she was done I was standing next to her with a towel and dried her pussy like I did for Kim. When we were finished in the bathroom we walked into the bedroom and we crawled up the bed and pulled the sheet down. Kim told Terri she wanted her in the middle so we could hug her from each side. Terri gladly moved into her middle position and lay down. I turned off the light and the three of us slipped into slumber land without any further fanfare.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please take a couple of seconds to rate this story below.
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison Family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Lawn/Landscaping Crew: Tony and Patty Williams,
Tony's sisters: Barbie and Beth Williams
Security crew: Ted and Marion Johnson
Terri's Friends: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson and Becky Harris
Additional Victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House Cleaning Crew: Ashley and Paul Brennan and Sarah Green
Gus and Debbie Brown and Joe Newton
Store Owner: Harold Gordon
Salon Owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen