"Come here." I said, leaning over the back of the couch; my knees rested on the soft cushions, allowing me to kick up my feet. I swung them slightly, like a cat's tail when watching prey.
He did as he was told, still wearing his jeans. I had stopped him as he came in from outside.
"Yes?"
I hushed him; no need for him to be talking right now. "Close your eyes," I commanded.
His waist was just high enough to clear the back of the couch from which I was perched. Once close enough, I began to unbuckle his belt without saying anything else. The belt's leather was new, stiff, and uncooperative.
"Ugh, this belt," I said with a mutter. After managing to unfasten it, I was free to unbutton his pants; three buttons were never undone faster. My fingers parted the flap of his boxers, reaching the warm flesh underneath. I gave him a playful tease as I grazed his skin with a single fingertip before moving on to hold him properly.
"He's so cramped in here," I said, pulling his girth out and through the opening in the front of his underwear.
He was already large, and after a kiss to the side of his head and a few strokes of my hand, it brought him to a full erection. He took two hands to properly hold now, his skin soft and supple, yet underneath a steel-like hardness. I couldn't resist kissing him, tasting him, touching him. I did it all at my leisure, to the music of his moans from above.
I rolled my tongue over the right side of his head as my hands held him on either side. I looked up at him, eyes asking if he was enjoying his surprise. He was.
"Holy shit." He said.
I flashed him a smirk, taking a moment to admire the size of his cock before kissing the other side of him. I stroked his length, working up his excitement. He was ready now; I took him in my mouth. He was big, but I managed; for him, I'd always manage.
Focusing on his head with my mouth, I stroked his length, lavishing in the salty taste of his scent and skin. A precursor of his essence mounted and caught my tongue—a single drop of the savory reward to come.
With a sure grip, I continued to stroke his dick. From his head, I drew down, lips reaching towards his base as his thickness slid down my throat. It took three tries before I succeeded in my goal. With confidence, I sucked my way back to his tip, then a shaky voice came.
"I'm getting close."
"Duh, that's the point. I thought I told you to hush." I said.
"But."
I looked up, and he had opened his eyes; they were locked on mine unwavering, full of passion.
"But what, one more word and I stop sucking cock."
He arched an eyebrow, looking down at me with a shift in expression.
"Really?"
A tense moment. He called my bluff. I gave a defeated huff before saying, "No not really. C'mere."
I began sucking him again. A full pump to his base. A kiss to the tip. A few playful licks. Playing with my favorite toy. I paused, looking at him again.
"But please try to be quiet, I'm trying to do a thing here."
"Then by all means, I'll follow the rules. Is moaning allowed?"
I thought it over.
"Fine." I said with a purr.
My hands, with practiced skill, threaded him back, pulling his boxers and jeans down to his mid-thigh.
"Much better."
Back to work, my plaything caught in a spider's web. I devoured him at my own pace. Enough to feel his steady swell of arousal, but not quite enough to send him over the edge. I drew myself back to the tip, gripping the pronounced ridge of his head with my lips. He was close, his taste intoxicating, my personal ambrosia. I rode him to the brink with my eager mouth. He was ready.
I giggled when I felt a vibration that started in his thigh reach me. His muscles were losing control. I slowed to almost no movement, just rocking the tip back in forth. Tongue and lips just caressing him enough to keep him at the precipice of ecstasy before I let the roller coaster fall.
Veins popped as I imagined the mounting orgasm clicking its way to the zenith. This drop higher and steeper than the last few I had taken him on. Click, click, click, sweetie. Get ready for the crest of the lift hill.
His moans became the rhythm click-clack in my mind. And once he reached the point of no return, I gave him the final push—a mid-shaft suck, and then my tongue flat against the underside of his dick.
Once a roller coaster reaches the cusp of the peak, gravity does the rest. Weight, friction, momentum. Physics. Once the reaction begins, nothing can stop the rush, and once started, it can't be stopped.
This was no different. His floodgates opened, and a warm explosion filled my mouth. More than I expected, way more. I couldn't take it all and had to break away from him to my heartbreak. I swallowed my earned mouthful as a pulse shot a rope of cum across my nose. Another arched its way over my head.
Once my lungs caught air, I returned to the other thing I couldn't live without, his hot essence. I took all of his aftershocks. Sucking the last drop in savored bliss.
"Goddamn, your cock is so suckable."
It took a few moments for him to recover. He looked down with a loving, grateful gaze.
"Fuck. Babe that was awesome."
I blew him a kiss, nodding at the phone he hadn't noticed I had set up. I tapped the end button to the live stream and checked the status.
"I'll say, 1000 followers already."
The End.