A modern love in the making - It wasn't at all about the sex per se
All characters are well over 18 years old and include 'Rocket Man' and 'Sparkling Red' who first met online a few years ago as their alter egos 'Jardine Man' and 'Mimbabe' and even 'Batman' and 'Prudence' for the first time.
These are their stories mostly written by Rocket Man from both their perspectives - often of their same adventures in love. Some of the Stories, such as this one though, are written by Sparkling Red with her life's journey, her own very personal perspectives and very enthusiastic input. I love her stage setting and turns of phrase especially after she has had one of her sensational Gin and Tonics, or two ... She is just the most fabulous lover - as you are hopefully discovering!
Before Jardine Man and Mimbabe there was their younger selves 'Batman' and 'Prudence' when they were in their late teens and 20's! This Story is focused on Prudence's journey, mostly.
But for the colour of her hair and the drugs that the woman consumed in the song, the Eagles were right on the money in describing Prudence being on the prowl looking for her young man on a Saturday night when they wrote their song, Witchy Woman.
'Raven hair and ruby lips, sparks fly from her fingertips. Echoed voices in the night, she's a restless spirit on an endless flight. Woo hoo, witchy woman, see how high she flies. Woo hoo, 0witchy woman, she got the moon in her eye. She held me spellbound in the night, dancing shadows and firelight. Crazy laughter in another room and she drove herself to madness with a silver spoon.'
Then the Eagles described her again, this time with David Gilmour playing his role as a Casanova when they wrote Lyin' Eyes.
'City girls just seem to find out early, how to open doors with just a smile. A rich, old man, and she won't have to worry, she'll dress up all in lace and go in style. Late at night, a big, old house gets lonely. I guess every form of refuge has its price. And it breaks her heart to think her love is only given to a man with hands as cold as ice. So she tells him she must go out for the evening to comfort an old friend who's feelin' down. But he knows where she's goin' as she's leavin'. She is headed for the cheatin' side of town.'
In my 20s after my Ex 1 left it took a while to get my confidence back but eventually after help by 'Kevin' and 'Dennis' it was Saturday nights spent trying to find the right handsome and hot man to pick up in the city bars or discos whenever I wanted. The younger Mimbabe, known by everyone as Prudence in her 20s' thanks to Dennis my Number 2 Bestever Lover, was intent on satisfying her newly discovered sexual urges. We were all very sexual back then she says! Always excited about it before the seduction, she soon became blaise about the whole thing. After a while with none of them really standing out enough for her to remember any of them, they all looked alike, acted alike, and said the same things. But for the sexual excitement of her orgasm, she was getting pretty bored.
Every Saturday night, seemingly choosing my victims randomly but all to soon with the learned skill of a doctor who knows how to read humans behaviour and their decision-making, she inherently knew the ones who'd want to play her sexy games. Yet, with her having great sex with such hot men she'd called more than one man by the wrong name. With one man morphing pretty much into the next, they were in the end just hard cocks to me - there to service me, to pleasure me, and to give me a much needed orgasm. After all what I've been through and after all the first world problems that I've had to must listen to on a daily basis at the travel agency, becoming detached and unhinged, it's the sexual pleasure of having an orgasm that makes me feel human again.
In the end the ONS's were so hollow. The problem is you go through with a ONS and hope for another date or reason to hook up again. Hardly happens, mostly it's ok sex but nothing that is amazing, There were and probably are a lot of narcistic people out there - men and women! Well it's quite rare actually getting amazing sex on any ONSs. Every girlfriend and hook up said the same thing which is so sad. But it was better than being alone on a Friday or Saturday night!
Thankfully I had a few reliable f¥€k buddies and it was great fun going out with my friends 'Tracey' and Kevin competing to see who could pick up the hottest guy first! You had to pick your prey and then move in for the kill. That at least made it more interesting at the start of the night. My secret power, however, was 'The Look' - no male ever resisted The Look from me, ever! I had to use that power wisely and selectively after I had danced with them as I soon learnt that not all of the hot men were even good f¥€ks let alone worthy lovers!
30 years later, I have grown up a lot and want to get back into the game after Ex2 also up and leaves after more than 15 years so my confidence is shot again. And an awful lot has also changed in the dating space and it's not that fun at all in your late forties I find!
Then I Jardine Man finds me and the game changes, dramatically for the better. In fact now I don't care to remember my previous life with pre children sex as those were selfish days you freely admit to Jardine Man when we're exploring our 'Top 10 Lovers Lists' together so that we have no secrets between us.
For example, whenever Jardine Man enters his Penthouse with me and closes his front door, he slips off his shoes and turns his Spotify music on while I can't keep my hands off him and remove his pants. Unbuckling, unbuttoning and unzipping his trousers before unbuttoning his shirt, while kissing and kissing him and feeling his erection through his underwear, he slips off his pants. Then unbuttoning my blouse and unbuttoning and unzipping my short skirt before removing them both, they barely make it in the door before they strip one another nearly naked. Now with both of us attired only in our undergarments, there were clothes strewn everywhere.
Rocket Man also believes I have the perfect tits and why wouldn't he ... My tits are important to me as I truly love them being touched and appreciated. The way Rocket Man treats them with such reverence and joy is so amazing.
Tracing ever so slowly their perfect curves, as you call it, and the way you roll them over your tongue is exquisite which sooo turns me on. Every single time.
No one has ever treated them so well and has loved them and me sooo much ...
The very thought of you makes my nipples harden and gives me so much pleasure. How good are they! High Distinctions you say and the look in your eye every single time clearly shows you mean it.
It was if we were on our Honeymoon instead of two 50 yo kinky aspiring Devos returning home late after dinner and a play or dancing. Obviously 'horney as' he escorts me to his bedroom and, in the way of removing a shroud from a canvas, he throws his bedspread and blanket aside with aplomb. As if unveiling a precious work of art instead of his sheet covered mattress, he pulls me down on top of him. Kissing and kissing me while touching me everywhere with his now famous wandering hands while she felt him everywhere too, they were so hot for one another.
'You're so beautiful Mimbabe,' he said kissing and kissing her while touching, feeling, and caressing her full breasts through her bra and touching, feeling, and squeezing her ass through her panty.
'Thank you, you're such a beautiful man too you know Jardine Man.' You smile in appreciation as you continue kissing me while reaching down to cup my newly firm, round derriere through my ice blue, bikini panties.
She loved having her tits played with through her ice blue matching bra and her derriere through her lace panties. Kissing and kissing him, Mimbabe felt his huge cock through his underwear while he felt her pride and joys - her High Distinction tits - and tweaked her nipples through her bra. Continuing to have his wicked, sexual way with her body, Jardine Man's other hand was busy exploring my pussy through the panties too.
Paying as much attention to his erect cock as he paid to her tits, she reached her hand inside of his underwear to hold him before pulling him out to slowly stroke him. Looking down and staring at his hard cock in the way that he was staring at her naked breasts, she loved playing with a man's penis while he fondled her tits and fingered her nipples. Cupping his testicles in her hand, she enjoyed having control of her man in the palm of her hand. With the promise of him licking her before bringing her to an orgasm, she couldn't wait to take him in her mouth to suck him.
Making her way down his body, while kissing his shoulders, his chest, and his toned stomach, she kissed him everywhere. Then, when her mouth was level with his cock, as if she had found his hard, throbbing surprise and she had, she slid her fingertips inside his shorts and pushed his underwear down. With his long thick cock making his stiff appearance, as if his personal periscope probing the surface, she looked up at him before taking him in hand and wrapping her fingers around his cock. Slowly stroking him, she looked up at him to watch his reaction to having sex with her as an older woman. I'm no longer in my 20s and I've been out of the game for 20 or so more years now!
There are just too many women his age that just dabble and seldom swallow, that is if even allowing a man to cum in their mouths, she took him in her mouth, stroking him while massaging him. She was giving him a real mouth massage instead of just a polite blowjob. Wrapping her lips around his deliciously huge cock with the appropriate enough pressure to make him stare down at her before falling back and closing his eyes, her experienced tongue gave him oral pleasure. Already putting a gentle hand to the back of her head he gently enjoyed my mouth. Stroking him faster while sucking him deeper, she was really getting into the massage now. As soon as she started making all the slurping, cock sucking sounds that every man in my experience loved to hear to show that she was enjoying sucking him as much as he was enjoying being sucked, putting more pressure to the back of her head, he didn't just f¥€k her face like the others - it was making love and sooo beautiful. Being that his hard silky cock was exactly what she wanted and needed, never mind what he wanted. With him already hard enough to penetrate her, she was already wet enough for him to take her too. She removed him from her mouth and when she did, he reached for her.
She climbed up his body as if scaling a second story window. In the way of a cat burglar deftly removing precious jewels from a jewellery box, he unhooked and removed her bra with nimble fingers. As if her nipples were the secret combination to her sexual passion and they were, his horny hands were all over her erect nipples. Pulling them, turning them, and twisting them, he made her nipples bigger and harder. Kissing and kissing her while touching her, feeling her, fondling her firm, panty clad ass, and caressing her big tits, he continued fingering her nipples before sucking her nipples. Moving away from him, already ready and not wanting to waste precious time with meaningless conversation, seemingly as if she was doing something naughty in between seeing patients, she removed her panties to expose her red, trimmed pussy. No doubt with the prospect of her not only swallowing but also licking him clean, he immediately got up from bed to move down and make himself comfortable between her long, shapely legs.
Fingering her pussy while licking her pussy, he reached up to feel her perfect tits with one hand while fingering her hard nipples and caressing her wet pussy with his other hand. Licking and licking her, he rubbed her clit with his finger and fingered her pussy while continuing to lick her. It's funny how so many men have so many different techniques to accomplish the same thing in giving me an orgasm while giving her oral sex. If she had the time, as if she was Xaviera Hollender of Penthouse Forum fame, she could write a book on the proper technique of cunnilingus and mouth massages.
'Eat me Jardine Man,' she said not having to think a second to remember his name at all. 'Lick my pussy as I love massaging your cock,' she said giving him her sexy instruction while whispering her sexual message in his ear. 'Give me an orgasm with your lips, your tongue, and your fingers, and I'll let you cum in my mouth. I'll swallow every drop of your cum while licking you clean.'
'I see you're a natural redhead,' he said with a laugh. 'I love your red, trimmed map of Tassie. You have such a beautiful pussy,' he said licking and licking her clit while fingering her.
With him ready to penetrate her, she mounted him while reaching beneath her to guide his cock in her pussy. She held his cock in her hand to do her "Flaps Check" and parted her pussy lips with his stiff cock as if she was guiding her dildo inside of her. After just a few gentle humps, his cock slid right inside of her as if it belonged there. She was now on a mission, with her wasting no time, directing him and instructing him on how to sexually pleasure her and satisfy her, they quickly found a comfortable rhythm.
'Slow,' she said. 'Easy,' she whispered. 'Now that you're all the way inside of me, ride me a little harder,' she said humping him in the way that she obviously wanted to be humped and needed to be humped to get what she wanted. Slowly and rhythmically, she humped him while he returned her humps. Riding him as if he was a wild stallion albeit without a saddle, spurs, and a whip, she rode him in the way that she rides the mechanical bull at full speed without falling with total control of her pelvic muscles. Definitely, without a doubt, if judging him by the sexually excited look on his face with his mouth gaping open and his eyes bulging forward, for the promise of him giving her an orgasm.
With her breasts bouncing and her perfect High Distinction tits swaying beautifully, she sat up further and put her head back for him to fill her completely with his beautiful long cock. His huge grin showed he was loving my great tits and he reaches up his hands to harness her bucking breasts as if his palms were her bra cups. Then, sliding slow, deliberate fingers across her nipples, he teased them out more with his fingertips before pulling them, turning them, twisting them, and erecting them even more. Riding his cock, really loving his stiff huge cock, controlling his action, she rode him harder and faster. At this rate, once he gave her an orgasm, she'd be done with him soon. He so loves my tits and calls them perfect ... Maybe they're not just Mummy tits anymore! He says they are just made for loving him and the perfect HDs.
Only, seemingly a man not to be denied, now it was his turn to love her. Moving her over and doing just what she wanted him to do, instead of just f¥€king her, he mounted her and probed her deeper and harder with love. Humping and humping her in the way that she had humped him before, as if he was decidedly and decisively showing her that he was the man and he was in control, giving her far more than just another f¥€k, he was really enjoying making love with her now. The harder he rode her, the harder she rode him back and the deeper his cock slid inside of her. Really pounding her pussy now, she was really loving his cock filling and stretching her.
How old is this man - he's better than any of my 20 yos from, I hate to say it, almost 30 years ago! Truly another lifetime ago.
'You're such a beautiful person Mimbabe: inside and out,' he said. 'Your oral sex is just sensational and really quite unique' he explains as it 'felt like your lips and tongue were massaging my cock rather than the typical frenzied sucking and teeth ruining the mood. As certainly my previous partners did treat it as if it was a job rather than a shared joy like you do'. Hence we started calling my oral sex "mouth massages" as that better reflected the shared joy. I think he understands now how much I enjoy his lovely cock in my mouth.
'Jardine Man I am in love with you and your never ending happy huge hard dick. I have never loved any man like you and I certainly haven't been loved or f¥€ked by another cock the way I have been loved and f¥€ked by you and yours.'
And you are happy whenever I offer a mouth massage as I truly enjoy doing so with you for my own pleasure not just for you. No way is it a 'job' at all, I just love your lovely pulsating penis.
Truly, I can't get enough of your lovely long cock or how you love me either Rocket Man. So what is that 'pressing my thigh' again already, oh goody another hardon just for me from my beautiful All Man. I think it is time for some Eiffel Tower with my lovely Frenchman Jardine Man. Oohlala ...
*
Sparkling Red and I hope you enjoy our Treality and we truly welcome any and all constructive comments you can offer us.
***
Disclaimer. This story was first written by Sparkling Red and I some years ago and we are pretty sure we used portions of another story/stories to round the original concept out - using the Eagles and cat burglar works to stage set for example as it so matched really well the storyline we'd already written - but we can't find who the author(s) was/were to give appropriate acknowledgement(s).
Although Sparkling Reds original storyline and script was added to and any such material used has probably been significantly changed in two or three rewrites - we would like to do so if anyone can point us in the direction of any author(s) who wish to receive acknowledgement(s).
Our Stories such as this piece were originally intended for our sole enjoyment and this is thought by some to be the highest form of honour in the use of source material / research - albeit with acknowledgements obviously! We fervently wish to do the latter and follow that author(s) other works if s/he/they are still active and/or care.