"We're gonna take a shower now Bro" Ali smiled "Get this slut changed and ready for the next scene. We'll do a club pick up scene. Hubby can be in it if he wants!"
Both black guys left the studio and headed to a small changing area, furnished with a shower and changing facilities. I stared at their magnificent naked muscular bodies with their huge meaty dicks swinging as they walked. Those cocks looked sensational, even when they were flaccid they were still more than twice the size of my husbands erect.
Neil helped me off the bed, unzipping my thigh length boots as James undid the tight leather basque.
"Come with me and we'll give your pussy and ass a nice warm enema. Get all of that spunk out of you!" Neil smiled.
"I hope it's going to be replaced by plenty more!" I said greedily.
Neil smiled and motioned me to bend over. I did as requested to find Neil sliding a very long plastic nozzle deep inside my ass. He filled the douche bag with warm water and smiled.
"Try and hold the liquid in for at least a minute, then jump on the toilet and let gravity do its work!"
Neil left the room as the warm water trickled inside my asshole.
"There is a little tap on the nozzle. Turn it to close it when you feel you have enough water!" He said through the crack in the door.
I did as he said, closing the valve tap and began to count to sixty before evacuation would commence. I managed to reach forty five before I had to sit on the toilet and allow all of the warm liquid to leave my asshole. The noise was inescapable as the warm water gushed out, leaving my asshole clean and fresh. Neil shouted through the door.
"Give the nozzle a clean and do exactly the same to your pussy!"
I got the gist of his intentions and cleaned the nozzle before inserting the plastic tube inside my pussy. I opened the valve to the delightful sensation of the warm water rushing inside my pussy. This felt very pleasant but there was now way I could prevent the water escaping. Instead I wiggled the nozzle around, hosing my pussy, washing away all of the manly seed, ready to be refilled by the glorious black cocks. I removed the nozzle and flushed the toilet then took my naked body across to the make up mirror and began to apply my slut look, ready for my next scene.
Neil asked me to stand up and bend over. I obediently did as requested as Neil began to squirt baby oil on my pussy and asshole.
"Rub that in James will you. This will stop her getting sore as the water can actually dry the ladies up!"
James laughed as he rubbed the oil into my shaved mound gently.
"I never knew this porno stuff could be so technical!" He smiled rubbing the oil into my asshole with both of his thumbs. Neil handed me a black latex garter belt with four straps. A packet which comprised of a pair of black seamed fishnet stockings and a very high pair of spiked heel black shoes.
"Help her into that lot James. The next scene will be a strip club and you've just finished your act and two punters are waiting to fuck you at the bar!"
The basic scene was very thrilling to me and the thought of those cocks driving into me was almost dreamlike.
"James can be in this scene at the beginning as your pimp or agent, it's up to you guys how you play it!"
"Be my pimp!" I said excitedly "Then I will be a dirty slut whore for the black guys!"
James smiled embracing my obvious excitement adding.
"Yeah I suppose I could rent out your ass and pussy to two horny black customers!" James smirked thinking he had the upper hand.
"Two horny black customers and one horny white bartender!" Neil enthused, throwing James off somewhat "After all she has three holes we'll be using!"
I squirmed excitedly as James began to dress me in the sexy lingerie.
"Don't worry about the cameras as I will have the remote control beside me while I also enjoy your slut wife!" Neil said tormenting James.
"Three cocks fucking me! Does it get any better?" I smiled.
"Well James is going to be your pimp in this scene, so it may be four cocks!" Neil laughed looking at James.
James fastened my stockings to the garter belt then looked up at me.
"Four cocks! You're much. Bigger slut than I ever thought possible!" James giggled.
"Right here is how it will go. I'll be the bartender serving Ali and Dec. You'll walk into the bar Suzi dressed as you, pretending you've just left the stage to say hello to your pimp stroke manager. The guys will approach James to ask if they can hire you. James will say they can fuck you if the price is right. James will finger your pussy and ass then offer your holes to the guys!" Neil stated "Then I will come from behind the bar and we'll have a cock in all of your holes. The first one to come can be replaced by you James, if you're up for it!"
James nodded nervously. I looked at my magnificent husband and reassured him and Neil.
"Believe me, my James will be more than up for it!" I smiled giving James a cheeky convincing wink.
My high heeled shoes were in place now, making me totter in my fishnet stockings and waist cinching garter belt. My smooth shaved pussy was less than six inches away from James face.
"Give my pussy a quick good luck lick before these black cocks stretch me and seed me!" I smiled stroking his hair. James hands went to my naked buttocks, cupping the fleshy orbs as he pulled me closer to his snake like tongue. His slithering tongue moved across my shaved mound, the tip targeting my aroused clitoris as he began to make small circular motions around the flesh of my anxious clitoris. A deep throaty moan left my mouth as James worked his magic on my pussy.
"Oh fuck yeah!" I panted "Get me all worked up for the black cock onslaught!"
James pressed his tongue flat on my clitoris and I began to ride his broad tongue, bringing myself off, adding much needed lubricant to appease the huge cocks that would be fucking me to oblivion.
My orgasm was very powerful as I panted loudly.
"Fuck! Make your slut come. Do whatever you want to me! Fuck me like a cheating slut whore!"
Neils eyebrows raised at my outburst. James continued to gently lap at my pussy, like a kitten licking it's owners hand.
At that very moment Dec and Ali returned from their shower dressed in black slack and crisp white shirts. Neil interrupted proceedings stating everyone should take there places. Neil would be behind the bar, Ali and Dec would be sitting on the bar stools in front of the makeshift bar and James would be at the side of the bar, waiting for his stripper slut. I went to the outer region of the set and Neil directed me.
"The cameras are rolling, the lighting is set, so when you're ready Suzi come into the bar the way you think an excited stripper would. Dancing and bubbly!"
I looked at my four men, knowing that within minutes every cock in the room would be pleasuring me. A quick glance at the bulges in the black guys trousers made my legs go weak and trembly. These cocks were exceptional specimens of manhood and for the next few hours they were all mine. I had no other choice but to dance into the room as my legs were shaking with lust so much I would have probably fell over if I attempted to walk normal.
I sashayed over to James after circling the two black guys, giving them a good view of the goods.
"How's my number one girl!" James said as his hand slapped my ass then cupped my stinging buttock.
"Thirsty and Horny!" I said "You know stripping for guys makes me horny!"
"Maybe we can help you!" Ali said staring at my huge pierced breasts.
"I'm sure we could be of service!" Dec smiled placing his fingertips on my hanging breasts.
His touch was electric as sexual electric impulses shot through my body. I heard a moan involuntarily slip from my lips, as his strong black hand began to squeeze my right breast. I was standing between James legs, his right hand rubbing my shaved mound as Dec delight my tingling breasts. Ali got off his stool and placed his full black lips over my erect left nipple and began to suck the fleshy nub, gently biting the aroused nipple, flicking his tongue expertly over the aroused flesh. My mind was swirling, my stomach was doing excited sexual somersaults as my whole body tingled with sexual arousal. I looked over at Neil, biting my lips gently, feeling my eyes roll over with sexual torment and bliss.
James interjected and began to play his role like a consummate professional. He placed his hand at the nape of my neck, twisting my short blonde hair, he looked directly at Ali and smiled.
"If you want to fuck my bitch we need to discuss the economics!" He said in a quite menacing tone. My pussy began to tingle, witnessing my husband play the alpha male perfectly, offering his slut to the highest bidder.
"We will pay whatever it takes to get our cocks inside such a fine slut, as long as we all get to fuck her pussy and ass!" Ali said playing his part elegantly.
"Once you pay the man all of my holes are yours to do with as you wish!" I smiled saucily.
"Tell you what honey, I'll give you a grand and we'll all fuck you including your pimp and the barman!" Dec said as he cupped my breasts.
James was now well in to his part, looking at the two black guys he nodded then spoke to Neil.
"Hey buddy how about closing this bar, we've been invited to party inside this hot bitch!"
I almost came on the spot with the large black hands touching my exposed flesh gently and James being the alpha male for a change. I moved my head close to his and locked our mouths together, my tongue exploring all of his teeth, inner cheeks and slithering tongue. I moaned passionately into his mouth as a finger slid along the length of my shaved slit, expertly heightening my arousal. My breasts were being cupped and squeezed by another set of hands, when a third set began to open my buttocks. I felt a finger circle my tight asshole, causing an itching sensation on my soon to stretched asshole. With my head tilted back, kissing James, my whole body was being pleasured by the four guys. I lost all sense of spatial awareness and gave my body willingly to the inevitable pleasures the four guys would bestow with their hands, mouths and beautiful cocks.
I was being held up in the air, as the guys positioned me on to Decs lap. His huge cock pointing skyward as my pussy was held open for me and placed on the tip of Dec's monster cock.
Dec held me by the waist as I lowered myself onto his epic cock. I slid on the entire length a lot easier than I expected and almost cried with delight at the mesmerising sensation his cock was providing, stretching and filling me with his magnificent meat, pulsing inside my airtight pussy.
I felt erotically feminine impaled on the cock as three other cocks lusted after my available body.
Dec kissed me with his big beautiful black lips. I placed my hands around his shaved black head and kissed him passionately, his tongue sliding inside my mouth. His cock in my pussy and his tongue in my mouth, I felt we couldn't be any closer as my pussy embraced the orgasmic pleasure of his cock. My orgasm shot through my body rather unexpectedly as I broke our kiss and panted lustfully.
"I need more cock!" Shocking James with my uncontrolled slut outburst. Neil was directly behind me as Dec fucked me on the barstool. Neil pulled my buttocks apart, revealing my asshole to the small crowd. I could feel my asshole twitching in unison with every thrust from Dec. The guys gave a little cheer watching my asshole open and close with each upward thrust. Neil spat on his cock making my eyes open wide with expectation, then spat directly on my asshole. The warm saliva and the unabashed slut treatment, took my orgasm up another level. My body was trembling with sexual excitement as I felt Neil's cock ease past my sphincter and slowly slide inside my tight asshole. I couldn't wait to see the playback of this moment, captured on film as I receive a black cock in my pussy with a white cock stretching my asshole.
With all of the emotive sexual activity, I passed out briefly as the cocks devoured me sensationally. It was almost a dream like state of euphoria as I committed the blissful sensations of two cocks inside me to erotic memory.
The way they spoke of me was orgasmic in itself. They way their words of dominance were arousing me would be nothing compared to the sexual delight they would be doing to James cuckolded ears. My husband was one of four guys who would be fucking me as I made a porn movie! The realisation of this was sensationally orgasmic and I could see in my husbands eyes, he was living his sexual dream.
James has always been aroused by my extra marital activities and flagrant exhibitionism. The empowerment and undisputed arousal I achieve while playing the cheating slut is something I adore and James seems to enjoy every humiliating second of it
The sexual excitement I achieve when fucking another guy, sometimes without my husbands knowledge but always with his undisputed consent is a very powerful sexual drug. I have enjoyed some sensational cocks and earth shattering orgasms, displaying my charms and body to my latest squeeze. As exciting as it is fucking other guys with James present, there is something strangely taboo and ultimately exciting fucking another guy or guys behind my husbands back. I normally return to my husband and describe my earlier sexual antics, which James always loved if I stroked him to completion, regaling my tale. But there have been a couple of occasions when I've went back home, sexually satisfied and swimming in spunk and not let on to James.
Neil has fucked me at least twice without James knowledge and I was making a mental note that these two black cocks would get my undivided attention without James knowledge in the not too distant future. These were two cocks that must be enjoyed on more than one occasion.
I was impaled on a magnificent black cock as my secret lover fucked my ass, with a second black cock about to join the action, all under the watchful eye of my husband posing as my manager pimp. I was in such a state of euphoria that sexually, spiritually, sensually, physically and excitedly every emotion and possible pleasure was being achieved and would continue to do so until these guys were spent.
Ali spoke next saying.
"Let's get the slut on the bar and we can all get a piece of this whore!"
My whole body trembled excitedly at his words of intent. I was a cheating slut and loved being one, a spunk receptacle for these guys to unleash their pleasure upon.
Neil removed his cock from my asshole, placing his hands under my breasts, cupping and squeezing them as Ali assisted in lifting me off Dec's magnificent cock, and placing me on the bar counter.
I turned my head to see Dec's huge black cock shining, coated with the excited juices of my cock hungry pussy.
I knew the next hour would be the most sensational, sexually satisfying hour of my life!