The story so far: Becky, Lisa's best friend, confessed to her at school that she loves to be naked. Since they have left school to study for their exams, Becky's passion for nudity has increased and she has begun spending long periods nude when Lisa is around, and has begun encouraging Lisa to dare her to expose herself. This has been a trying experience for Lisa, awakening some new feelings within her...
Chapter 5: Mischief at Lisa's House
The rest of that day had been uneventful. Becky had eventually regained her composure, but the study plan for the rest of the day had proved a bit of a write-off and both girls had abandoned it in favour of more casual chat in the garden. As before, Becky had reluctantly put a few clothes on shortly before her mother was due home, and Lisa had eaten dinner with her and Mrs O'Neill before going home to her own house and her family.
Neither Becky nor Lisa had mentioned anything that had happened that day to Mrs O'Neill, of course. Becky was adamant that her mother shouldn't know about either her growing passion for nakedness, or any "dares" she might have done around that. The girls had stifled giggles when explaining how they'd spent the day, and Mrs O'Neill was none the wiser.
Privately, though, Lisa was a little concerned for Becky. It wasn't as though either of the two "dares" had been done with safety in mind. It was entirely possible that Becky had been seen by someone from one of the neighbouring houses when she'd gone across the street, and that they might mention in passing to Mrs O'Neill that they'd "seen your Becky walking about outside in the altogether" at some point in the future. Or perhaps the double-glazing salesman might come back at a time when Mrs O'Neill was home, and ask after the girl who had answered the door with no clothes on? It was all very well preventing Becky's naked side from being common knowledge when all she was doing was walking around the house nude, but if she was going to start going out in public or showing herself to people, it was going to be harder to keep it a secret.
The girls' next study session was arranged for the following Monday. With only a week remaining until the start of the exams, both were starting to feel the pressure, and Lisa especially had given over her weekend to some serious cramming.
The Monday session was planned for Lisa's house, but both girls would once again be there by themselves, with Lisa's parents both at work at the hospital, and her brothers still at school. Lisa wondered if she should suggest to Becky that she could take off her clothes while the two of them were alone in the house. After all, logically there was no reason for Becky to be dressed - it would be just the two of them, just as it had been at Becky's house. But to Lisa there seemed something... unsettling about the idea of inviting her friend to strip off in her home. Not least because she was now fairly certain that if she told her to, Becky would!
In the event, she didn't even need to say anything. Becky arrived at her house wearing her usual summer attire of short-shorts and a sleeveless tee, but Lisa had no sooner welcomed her inside than Becky had lifted up the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it over her head. She discarded her shirt and reached behind herself to unfasten her bra.
"Uh, what are you doing?" Lisa asked (although she knew exactly).
"Sorry," Becky said, "I'll pick them up."
"No, I mean... you're undressing?"
Becky blushed. "Oh..." she said. "Is... this not okay? Only I was naked when you came over, twice, and I just thought... well, with it being just us two here, I thought it would be okay. I can wear clothes if it's a problem though?"
"Oh! No it's okay, it's fine!" Lisa stammered. "I mean, it's just... I thought you would at least ask or something, not just be all stripping off in the hallway."
Becky was embarrassed. "Sorry," she apologized again. "I just didn't think about it. But yeah, you're right, someone else's house. So do you mind if I take off my clothes?"
It was Lisa's turn to blush. "No, of course I don't mind. I was just surprised that's all! But it's fine, really! You be naked all you want..."
"Really?" Becky beamed.
"Yeah sure, um..."
"Thanks!" Becky grinned, and soon the rest of her clothes - shoes, shorts, bra and panties, were discarded and Becky walked nude through to the living room.
If Lisa had thought that, having spent two days hanging out with a naked Becky at her house, she would be prepared sufficiently to cope with Becky roaming casually naked around Lisa's own home, she had been mistaken. Seeing her beautiful, free-spirited friend sitting nude on her family's sofa - the sofa where she sat with her dad and brothers watching football matches, or with her mum to laugh at and cheer on the contestants of The X-Factor - filled her with a strange and deeply uneasy feeling. She doubted she would ever be able to sit on that sofa again without picturing Becky's naked body, all its curves and hollows. If being with naked Becky at Becky's house had felt thrillingly intimate, this seemed even more so. Between them, the air seemed hot and heavy, and although the living room was large and spacious, the atmosphere was claustrophobic.
Lisa hadn't watched a lot of porn, but she wasn't ignorant of the adult side of the internet, either. If this were a porn film, she thought, this would be where I leaned over and kissed Becky - a long, passionate kiss on the mouth, leading to more kisses, to caresses, to eager nips and licks and more, much more, ending in two writhing, naked bodies on the sofa.
The imaginary scenario only increased her longing - but Lisa couldn't bear to act. That she wanted Becky, right now, wasn't a reassuring feeling. Instead it filled her with a desperate sort of anxiety. Even if she had wanted to act, she couldn't - it was as if her limbs were no longer at her command. They felt heavy, and even if she had felt compelled with certainty to take Becky in her arms, she was certain her body would not comply. All she could do was sit and gaze.
Becky seemed to realise that Lisa was staring, and fidgeted uncomfortably. Lisa looked quickly away. Had Becky guessed what was on her mind?
To distract herself, Lisa fixed drinks and snacks for the both of them, and they made a start on the day's study. All things considered, they made good progress, breaking for lunch and continuing long into the afternoon. In fact, time seemed to get the better of them, and it was soon almost four in the afternoon.
Had they realized that, both girls wouldn't have been surprised when the quiet of the afternoon was broken, suddenly, by the sound of the back door of the house opening loudly, followed by two boisterous male voices.
"Shit!" Lisa exclaimed, although she dared not raise her voice above a whisper. "It's Carl and Ben!"
Carl and Ben were Lisa's two brothers - the Terrible Twosome, as they had been affectionately known since childhood. Typical boys, they loved football, video games, and winding up their older sister. Now they were 13 and almost 16 respectively, the winding up was more along the lines of gentle ribbing than the dirt-throwing, spider-chucking, water-pistol-squirting of the past, but they still loved making Lisa the butt of harmless jokes and pranks.
Lisa looked over in horror at Becky, naked, lying on her stomach on the living room floor, knees bent, legs crossed in the air at her ankles, head resting on her folded arms. "You have to get upstairs! Hide! Now!" she hissed. She didn't need to imagine how her teenage brothers, who already all-but drooled when Becky walked by, would react if they walked in and found her sitting in their living room stark naked.
But Becky apparently didn't share her sense of urgency. "What's the problem?" she purred.
"They'll see you naked!" Lisa retorted.
Becky rolled over and sat up, shrugging. "So? What's so bad about that?" She laughed. "It'll be educational for them!"
Lisa whirled. "No!" she exclaimed. "No! You are not going to... expose yourself to my little brothers. They're pervy enough as it is, and besides, they'll just assume you and I were doing... something we weren't supposed to and they'll either tell mum and dad, or worse, they'll blackmail me to stop them telling them."
Becky was defensive. "I'll explain," she said. "I'm not ashamed. I've known your family forever. I don't care if they see me naked."
"Nuh-uh," Lisa shook her head. "You wanna explain how you're some kind of... nudist to my kin, you do that, but do it with clothes on."
Becky grinned. "Dare me to be naked?" she asked, a strange note to her voice. She had that look in her eye again.
But Lisa shook her head. "No way," she said. "We're not doing that now, Becky. Please. This isn't a joke or a game. This is my life. I don't want to explain to my family - to any of my family - that when I hang out with my best friend she doesn't wear clothes any more and that this is somehow a perfectly normal thing. Please, get upstairs before they see you."
Something in Lisa's tone gave Becky pause, perhaps letting her know she was close to crossing a line. Over the past few days Lisa had indulged, even embraced, some aspects of this new side to her, but there were limits to what she was comfortable with, and this was one of them.
"Al-right," Becky pouted, getting to her feet.
"Wait!" Lisa halted her, before standing up herself. "I need to make sure the coast is clear. Stay behind me."
The two girls made their way toward the living room doorway - Lisa markedly more cautiously than Becky, although she was relieved to see that her friend was affecting some stealth at least, and had folded her arms across her breasts to give herself a little coverage.
They needed to get out of the living room and along the hallway to get to the stairs, and then it would just be a dash to Lisa's room. Once Becky was safely up there, Lisa could come back down at her leisure and grab their books, Becky's clothes - which were still by the front door, and anything else they needed, and nobody would be any the wiser. But they needed to pass by the open kitchen door en route, and as far as Lisa knew the boys, who had come in via the back door, were probably still in there.
Lisa peered cautiously through the door. Sure enough, as she suspected, both boys were in the kitchen, assembling what seemed to be plates of sandwiches and crisps far in excess of what a normal person could eat, but knowing the appetites of her teen brothers, probably constituted a light snack.
Lisa turned to Becky, and in as loud a whisper as she dared, outlined a plan. "I'll go in the kitchen and talk to them, while I'm distracting them, you run past and go straight upstairs, got it?"
She was relieved when Becky nodded and mouthed, "okay". Perhaps when confronted with the reality of actually being caught nude by her friend's brothers in their house, her nerve had failed a little and she no longer wanted to be seen quite so badly.
Striding confidently into the kitchen as if nothing was amiss, Lisa walked across the room, to stand where her brothers would have to turn with their backs to the doorway to acknowledge her.
"Alright you two?" she asked cheerily. "How was school?"
"Alright sis," Carl, the older, returned. "Not bad."
"He's got a girlfriend," his younger brother taunted, apropos of nothing.
"Ben!" the older boy chided.
"What's that all about?" Lisa asked, genuinely interested. Her brother was well-liked in his year at school but had never really been successful with girls - like many teenage boys he suffered from a lack of confidence in that department.
"Mary Purbeck," Ben continued. "She's his girlfriend now."
"I asked her out," Carl said, blushing, suddenly shy.
"And?" Lisa asked.
"Well, she didn't say no..."
"Aw! Well done you!" Lisa celebrated, for a moment her worry about Becky forgotten.
"Yeah, yeah," Carl said, still blushing. "Anyway," he said, changing the subject, "how was your day?"
Lisa tried to act nonchalant. "Not bad," she answered. "Revision. Again."
"Ugh, harsh," Carl replied sympathetically. He'd be taking his GCSE exams soon himself, so he had similar studies to look forward to. "Becky here?" The boys viewed Becky as an extra member of the family, she spent so much time at their house, and they'd known that she and Lisa had been planning on studying together today.
Lisa flushed slightly. "Uh, yeah. She's upstairs," she answered. At least I hope she is by now, she thought to herself.
Excusing herself as the boys returned to their sandwiches, Lisa stepped back into the hallway. Cautiously she glanced back into the living room. There was no sign of Becky. She looked the other way, towards the stairs. Again, Becky wasn't in sight. Lisa just had to hope she'd made it upstairs.
Chapter 6: The Accomplice
Lisa climbed the stairs and went along the corridor to her bedroom. Sure enough, Becky was sitting in a relaxed fashion on the bed. She still hadn't managed to put any clothes on, and Lisa hurriedly stepped inside and closed the door behind her.
"That was close," she breathed. "But I don't think they saw you."
"Shame," Becky pouted.
At this Lisa coloured, her ears burning hot. "What," she exclaimed, "is this all about? You had me getting you doing naked dares yesterday, now you want to flash my brothers? Do you want to get caught out like this or something? What is going on with you?"
Becky stared, defiant for a moment, then to Lisa's surprise her face fell, and her shoulders slumped. "I- I don't know," she said.
"Is there more to this whole I-like-to-be-naked thing than you're telling me?" Lisa asked, concern in her voice.
Becky nodded. "Yeah..." she said in a small voice.
Lisa sat down next to her naked friend. "What's going on Becky?"
Becky sighed. "It's like... like I have this urge. Like there's this little voice in the back of my mind. Take off your clothes, it's telling me. I just feel like, like I'm not in control all the time, like I just feel this compulsion to get naked. And, when I am, I want people to see me." She looked Lisa in the eye. "I want them to see me naked."
"How long's this been going on?" Lisa asked.
"Oh, I dunno... A few years?"
"Years?!"
"Uh-huh, kinda. Well, when I was younger, I used to go up to the woods and the fields and I'd take off my clothes and just sort of walk around. And like, I'd hear people coming or I'd see a car in the distance and I'd really want to walk in front of them, bold as brass, just let them see everything. But I never dared. And I used to go into school and I'd take off my knickers in the toilets and put them in my bag, just go around with nothing on under my skirt and I'd be thinking in my head I would just flash someone, like just quickly lift up my skirt and give a quick flash - but I never had the nerve..."
Lisa said nothing, and Becky continued; "I used to feel so ashamed at myself. But I also felt good. Like, I really liked the thought that one day someone might see me. That one day on accident I'd get caught or someone would see and tell everyone that Becky O'Neill was in school with no knickers on. And that was scary, but also exciting."
Lisa smiled warmly. "I know how scary and exciting can be a good combination," she said. "But why are you now doing this, like right now?"
"I dunno," Becky answered. "Maybe it's just exam stress. But it's also like... well, I told you that I like being naked, and you didn't judge me or act like it was something bad that I shouldn't be doing. And then suddenly it was like, someone else knows. And you know how some things are easier with somebody else there, like giving you support?"
"Or encouragement..."
"...yeah."
"So that was why you were getting me to dare you on the other day?"
"Yeah. It's like, in my head, if I just walked out naked in the street, that would be a crazy thing to do. But if there was another person there, a person who had given me a dare that I had to make good on, well, then that was okay. Even though I knew deep down I was really doing it because I wanted to, it just made it easier somehow." She looked up at Lisa. "You make it easier for me to be myself," she said.
Tentatively, Lisa put her arm around Becky's bare shoulder, giving her a squeeze. "You can always be yourself around me," she said. "I'll help you."
"What are you saying?" Becky asked.
"I'm saying, if you want someone on the sidelines egging you on while you do crazy naked things, someone to make you feel a bit more normal about all this, well, what else are friends for?"
Becky beamed. "Really?" she asked.
"Really," Lisa answered.
"'Cause, you know, I can't promise it won't get a bit, well, wild. Weird, even."
"Becky, over the last few days I've barely seen you with your clothes on. You've opened the door naked to a bloody double glazing salesman and this afternoon you came within a few minutes of flashing both my brothers. It's already weird."
Becky blushed. "Yeah. Sorry about your bros, by the way. I know that was out of order. You're right, I've known the boys since they were babies. It'd be weird getting all naked in front of them and acting like it was no big deal. I promise I won't do that again."
Lisa was quiet for a while, thinking. "Hold on there," she said.
"What?"
"Well, maybe - if you want to - maybe we could have a little bit of fun with them after all?"
"What do you mean, are you saying I should flash them after all?"
"No, no! You're right, that would be off the weirdness chart. But I mean, maybe we can do something else. Like, there's only the two of them here, right? Other than us, I mean." Becky nodded. "So let's maybe see if we can go back downstairs, you and me, maybe get something to eat or drink... and try and not get you caught?"
Becky thought for a moment, then she grinned. "I like it," she said.
"Okay," Lisa continued, "let me scope around first, just so we know where Carl and Ben are in the house to start with." Saying that, she left Becky alone in the bedroom and walked along the corridor to where the boys' bedrooms were. Both were empty - the boys must still be downstairs. That was a bit of a worry to Lisa - it would have been easy to sneak naked Becky around if both boys had been in one or both bedrooms - but it also thrilled her a little; it would be more of a game to try and avoid getting caught by two teenage boys if they were in a more communal area of the house.
She found the two downstairs. They were in the living room, playing a racing game on the family's Nintendo Wii console. It was a fairly lively battle, occupying both her brothers' full attention - neither of them noticed her even as she stepped into the room. So it seemed like it might well be possible to bring Becky downstairs, at least for a few moments, and give her the fix that the risk of being caught naked in their house might bring her.
Returning to her bedroom, she explained the plan to Becky. She and Becky would go downstairs and into the kitchen, stay long enough to grab a drink or snack and then head back upstairs, all while Ben and Carl played their game completely oblivious to the naked girl standing in their kitchen.
"But remember," Lisa cautioned, "absolutely on no account can you let either of them see you naked. That's the challenge, but also, I will be super mad if my brothers get an anatomy lesson from you so you have to be really, really careful."
Becky nodded. "I like the idea of being seen... but it's also pretty exciting trying to make sure I'm not seen. Really gets the adrenaline going."
The two girls crept downstairs as quietly as they could. They didn't talk in more than a whisper, if they talked at all. Ben and Carl viewed Becky as part of the family - if they knew she was around, they might well stop playing to come and say hello.
Once in the kitchen, which only had the one doorway the boys could come through, Lisa and Becky relaxed a little more. Becky straightened her back and stretched happily. She seemed to be enjoying herself, Lisa noted - and in fairness, Lisa was too. Aside from the general pleasure of seeing Becky without clothes on, she had to acknowledge there was a particular thrill in engaging in such risky behavior; while at the same time a certain sense of safety arising from the fact that she, at least, still had her own clothes on.
The two stood in the kitchen a short moment or two, pondering what they wanted to eat. There was silence between them, which was fortunate because at that moment, coming from just the other side of the doorway, they heard Carl call to his younger brother; "do you want anything?"
Carl was coming into the kitchen! Had he not called out, he probably would have just walked in and seen them both there, Becky in all her glory. But as it was, they had some warning.
Quicker than she had ever moved before, Lisa grabbed her stunned friend by the wrist and pulled her across the kitchen. She flung open the door of the big, full length refrigerator and shoved Becky behind it. She stepped after her, standing as if getting something out of the refrigerator, motioning Becky to crouch down and conceal herself.
The open refrigerator door would hide Becky from view when, seconds later, Carl walked into the room. It would seem as if Lisa was there by herself, and unless he walked over to the other side of the kitchen - or heaven forbid, wanted something from the fridge, she should manage to be undetected.
"Hey," Lisa said as nonchalantly as she could as Carl walked in.
"Oh, hey sis," he answered, then stopped. "Everything okay?"
Lisa nodded - enthusiastically. "Oh, sure, everything's fine, why do you ask?" She risked a glance down at Becky, who was crouched beside her feet, trying to make herself as small and unnoticeable as possible - not easy when you're a tall, completely naked girl with a mass of brunette curls.
"You look... freaked out," Carl replied.
"Oh, uh... well, you know, just a bit stressed at the moment, with all the studying and so on."
"Oh man," Carl moaned. "I am really not looking forward to that."
Lisa laughed. "GCSEs aren't so bad. You'll be ok." Then she froze - Carl was walking over! Any closer and he'd have a line of sight to behind the fridge door, and see Becky huddled there.
Fortunately, Carl stopped. "Hey, can you grab me a Diet Coke while you're there?" he asked. Lisa reached down - and then almost burst out laughing as, a bashful grin on her face, Becky took a can off the shelf and handed it to Lisa. She covered her giggles, though, tossing the can through the air. Carl caught it easily. "Cheers," he said, turning and leaving the kitchen to go back to his brother and their game.
As soon as he'd gone, Becky scrambled to her feet and Lisa pushed the fridge closed. Barely daring to breathe, the two girls ran back upstairs to Lisa's bedroom - where they both collapsed onto the bed in fits of laughter.
-
After that, Lisa found that Becky's eagerness to put herself in situations where she would be seen naked, or might at least run the risk of being seen, only increased. And as it did, so too did Lisa's own inner confusion.
Becky's spirit of adventure was intoxicating, and contagious. The obvious thrill she felt at exposing herself, and the adrenaline rush of being naked in places she shouldn't, brought out a new life in her, a positivity and an enthusiasm which Lisa found attractive and engaging. It was as Becky had said - this person was her true self, and the relief she clearly felt in being able to bring this was noticeable.
Plus, it was just exciting. The thrill was in the shattered taboo, in the breaking of rules, rules which said that young women should keep their bodies covered and that to be naked and unashamed in a way in which others were able to see you was a social no-no. If Becky walked out into the street naked without a care in the world as to who might see, that was bold and exhilarating - not to mention more than a little sexy.
Being the only person to share in the true knowledge of Becky's naked side carried its own excitement, too - that of the shared secret, of being the only person to know that Becky had this part of herself, and to be privileged to share it with her.
All this was good, and addictive. Lisa found that she was spending more and more time daydreaming of ways to get Becky exposed in some way or other. She embraced the role, of Becky's accomplice and co-conspirator willingly, and with gusto.
And yet, that aside, she was troubled. There was something else to this, something that she didn't want to address and yet could not ignore. In helping Becky live out some of her fantasies, was she in fact living out some of her own?
Lisa often thought back to that night when she had imagined herself and Becky making love. She'd had other thoughts and dreams like that, and similar, since then. Visions in her head of Becky and herself intimately entwined, giving in to lust and pleasure. She'd made her peace with the fact that Becky was beautiful, and desirable, and that she was in some way attracted to her. That by itself she could stand to live with.
But there was an ache in her heart, a longing, that only grew the more she and Becky shared this strange bond of theirs, shared the intimacy of this secret exhibitionism. It was a wanting, powerful, and inescapable. If she did not have a care, Lisa felt, it could disrupt or even destroy the friendship they had.
(To be continued.)