'Bring her onto the stage'.
I flinched in shock as the authoritative voice rang out. Strong hands grabbed my arms from either side and dragged me towards the light. I could feel tears prick at the corners of my eyes. Shuffling on bare feet, I tried to pull backwards, but it was no use. My captors were too strong. As we stepped out onto the stage, my eyes focussed on the source of the voice.
It was a man, tall, with a narrow frame, wearing a dark suit and an expressionless black mask covering his features. My eyes moved over him, trying to solve the puzzle of who he was, but all I could make out was a full head of grey hair and a glimpse of a square jawline.
His eyes were fixed on my face, and his hands were outstretched as if in welcome.
'Come my dear, and say hello to my friends.'
The hands released me and I stood alone. No applause had greeted me; the atmosphere was strangely silent. I crossed my arms over my torso protectively and peered out towards the audience. I started in surprise.
Gazing back at me were over 100 men, dressed just like the man on stage, sat in neat rows all the way to the back of the auditorium. They sat still and silent; some leaning back with legs crossed, some sitting forward eagerly. Beyond their identical masks and dark suits, I could spot all shapes, sizes and races in the crowd.
I felt a further wave of unease wash over me. What did they want? Why was I the only one up here?
The man on stage seemed to sense my panic.
'Just relax sweetheart. Put your arms down and stand up nicely for us.'
He moved behind me and gently pulled my arms down by my sides. His hands were strong and warm, and I could smell expensive cologne as his body moved close to mine.
'Now gentlemen, look at the lovely plaything we have for you today. Only 18 years old.'
There was a stir in the crowd, with some men nodding their approval or shifting in their seats.
'Take a look at this beautiful, unspoiled hair. So soft and shiny!'
He gently lifted a portion of my blonde hair and let it spill through his fingers. His hands were so close to the pale skin of my neck.
'A beautiful face, with blue eyes and full lips'.
With that, his hand moved to cup my chin and lift my bowed head. For a moment, a finger brushed against my lips. I shivered.
'Now, let's take a look at her body! My dear, please remove your robe'.
I looked at him in horror. Backstage, they had taken my clothes by force and dressed me in a translucent white linen robe. I was horribly aware of my nakedness underneath it. I was sure the audience could already clearly see my nipples pointing through the fabric.
When he noticed I hadn't moved he said; 'Come on my darling. You know there's nothing you can do. Just play along and show our audience what they want'.
I knew he was right. With trembling fingers, I reached to the front of my robe and undid the buttons one by one. Then I pulled it from my shoulders and let it fall, crumpled, to the ground around my feet.
Instinctively, my hands moved to cover my breasts and I hunched at the waist. I could feel the tension in the audience as they stared fixedly at my naked body. I almost thought I could hear their breathing become heavier.
Wordlessly, the man on the stage moved behind me again, grasped my wrists and pulled them behind my back. He pushed at the back of my waist to straighten my posture, and took both wrists in one hand. Now they were locked together behind me.
My breasts stood out in front of me, my back arched. Feeling so many gazes on me, I was terrified, but strangely excited. I felt so... desired. My nipples started to harden.
I looked down as the man's other hand reached around my body to cup one of my breasts, bouncing it slightly up and down.
'Just look at these gentlemen. So firm, so pert. They feel...' He squeezed gently; 'Delightful'.
His hand moved from one to the other, fingers brushing each nipple as he went. I wasn't sure if it was deliberate, but my nipples were standing to attention now, and I felt a twinge between my legs.
'Well... I think she's enjoying our attention, don't you? Her nipples are hard, we can all see that'.
With that, he firmly grasped a nipple and tweaked it. Shocked at the sudden movement, I gasped out loud. Low sounds and stirrings came from the audience.
'I think that settles that. Let's see what else she has to offer. Bring out the table!' His last words were directed off stage. Two men walked quickly out, holding a heavy wooden table between them. They placed it behind us in the centre of the stage.
The man let go of my wrists and pulled me back towards the table until my buttocks hit the edge.
'Hop on dear.' I did as I was told, knowing now that I was truly helpless. I sat on the wooden surface, legs together and arms wrapped around them.
'I thought you had learned by now that that's not how you give a good show'. For the first time, there was an edge of irritation in his voice, and he looked at me with glittering eyes.
'Lean back on your elbows, and spread your legs.'
Reluctantly, I did as I was told. I spread my legs slowly, intensely embarrassed. 'Wider'.
I felt the air hit my inner lips as I spread wide for the audience. I could feel their eyes focussed on me like a heavy, pulsing heat.
'Now, how beautiful. So small and neat. A lovely colour. A bit flushed don't you think gentlemen? Do you think she's excited, or just blushing down there?'
He chuckled and moved closer, so close to that place, but to the side so that the audience had a clear view.
My eyes were fixed on his hands. They were large and masculine, with clean nails and the hint of veins bulging up to his wrist. He moved them closer to my lower lips. One finger touched my outer flesh, and moved gently to trace a circle from one side to the other. He was tantalisingly close to my most sensitive place.
I twitched, and felt my wetness start to leak out.
'Ah, I hope you can all see - she's starting to get wet down here. Let's see how she reacts when I tease her'. I heard a shifting sound in the audience, as if they were craning forward.
His fingers circled lazily, closer and closer to that place but never touching it. My head was spinning. The gaze of the men, and his adept attention was too much. I forgot my fear. I just wanted his finger to touch. that. place.
I felt more wetness leak out of me until it started to run down my buttocks. Unconsciously, my hips moved forwards, trying to meet his finger.
'She wants it! What do you think, should I give her her wish?'
For the first time, the audience spoke. A few men shouted 'yes' or grunted their assent. Some were standing now, craning to see my wetness glinting in the lights.
Finally, his fingers' circling motions rested on my clitoris. The feeling was like electricity. I gasped and thrust my hips forward, but he was already touching slowly and expertly, dipping into my wetness down below and rubbing gently over my clitoris again and again. His touches became more insistent and moans escaped my lips.
'Mmm, look at that. How many fingers do you think I could fit inside her little hole?'
The audience started shouting answers but he cut them off. 'Let's start with one. It's only polite.'
I looked at his face, now desperate for more. He turned to me and I thought I saw movement beneath the mask, as if he was grinning. His eyes still on mine, he slipped his index finger inside me.
Shockwaves ran through my body. It felt incredible, but I still wanted more. I bucked my hips against his finger and he moved his thumb to my clitoris, moving to meet my thrusts.
I heard him moan quietly as he fitted another finger inside. He was moving intently now, stretching my entrance and thrusting deep inside.
'Her wetness is drenching the table. Look at all those juices'.
Another finger thrust in until it felt like a wedge was driving me open. But it was still not enough. My insides clenched down on his fingers, grasping at the sensation, trying to reach a release.
Just then, in one horrible movement, he pulled his hand away and stood up, leaving me empty, trembling and panting on the table.
'What a naughty girl. She was trying to come already. You know, the show has barely begun.'
What did he mean? Fear pervaded my mind again, and I pulled my legs closer together.
He walked out to the edge of the stage, arms out wide.
'Now it's time for our first participant. Come up sir, and get acquainted with our naughty plaything. I can tell she's very excited to meet you.'
A man in the front row stood up and strode quickly up onto the stage. He walked with a confident swagger, and he seemed younger than the first man. Beyond that, I couldn't tell much, but as my eyes roved over him, I noticed a sizeable bulge standing out in his black trousers.
'Mmmm'. I moaned and gazed transfixed as he walked towards me, laid exposed on the table.
As he reached me his hand reached out and grabbed me roughly by the chin, turning my face from side to side as if to inspect me from closer up. After the first man's gentle teasing, I was taken aback and started away from his grasp.
'Don't try to get away from me. I know you want it'. His voice was deep and gruff.
He released my face and moved both hands to my chest. He squeezed my breasts and pulled both nipples with his fingers before moving down my body, over my hips, to spread my legs firmly open and push them down onto the wooden surface of the table.
I felt so helpless as I gazed up at him. He was in total control, and was going to take what he wanted. There was no place for pleasantries.
He moved his hips forward and pressed his bulge hard against my wet opening. I cried out as he ground it roughly back and forth, his hands grasping my thighs tightly. Then, still bent over me, he reached down to unzip his fly.
I looked down anxiously as his bare cock sprang free. It was flushed with blood, hard and curved upwards. Circumcised, it was a good size, and I could see clear pre-cum smeared at his tip from leaking against the fabric of his trousers during the performance so far.
Despite my shock and confusion, I knew I wanted his cock inside me. But he gave me no time to do a thing; quickly moving the head against my opening and pushing savagely inside, right to the hilt.
'Ahhhhhh!' my cry rang out in the auditorium as I felt his thickness thrust easily through my insides, hitting me deeply. The feeling was incredibly intense, but there was no pain, thanks to the first man's tender attentions.
I felt myself open easily to accommodate his cock as he pulled out and thrust in again. My juices made his movement slick, and his thrusts were fast and hard.
My cries of pleasure rang out with every thrust, and his moans and grunts sounded alongside. I felt my orgasm approaching as his cock hit deep again and again. I bucked my hips to match his movements and arched my back against the wooden surface. My eyes were closed as the climax cascaded through me, the most intense I had ever felt.
'The first orgasm of the night! There we have it gentlemen. She's a naughty slut who loves to perform.' The first man's voice echoed out to the audience, but my mind was far off as I felt the warm afterglow radiate over my body.
The man's breaths were becoming ragged as he continued to thrust inside me. His hands gripped my thighs hard until I feared they would leave bruises, and he pulled my body to him again and again. His hands reached out to grab my breasts roughly once again and his speed quickened. Just as I felt I could no longer bear the onslaught, I felt his seed erupt within me, the warmth spreading quickly deep inside.
Panting, he pulled his softening cock out quickly, and moved his hand to my face, pulling it towards him as he looked into my eyes, as if displaying his power over me one last time. He pulled his hand away, turned, and walked back down to the audience.
'Well my dear, spread your legs and show the audience the present he gave you'.
I had learned by now, and did as I was told; looking out at the rippling crowd of men and holding my thighs open with my hands. The hot seed spilled out of me onto the table and I bit my lip to stop another cry of pleasure escaping. For the first time, the audience started to clap, and before I could help myself, my lips twitched upwards into a smile at their approval.
'Don't worry dear, we've barely started. You'll just love making friends with our next participants...'