As I sit in my car, parked on the street, outside of the house I moved into as a newlywed all those years ago, I kept looking at the familiar faded paint and rusty railing. I turned the DVD in my lap over and over. Through the clear jewel case I could see the words Theresa Takes Twenty written in black marker. I can't believe that on that silver disk is a movie of me being fucked like a rag doll by twenty black men.
How did it come to this? This is what I wanted. I wanted to make this movie and slip it into the mailbox of the house where my ex-husband still lived. But I still couldn't believe how quickly I fell from being a bored housewife to being a movie slut. It didn't start right away, but once I took that first step I never looked back.
Hello. My name is Theresa, and sometimes I get myself into trouble. What I am about to tell you isn't the first time I got into trouble. But this was the decisive time, the time where I couldn't ever go back.
I should tell you that I'm a tiny thirty-eight year old soon-to-be divorced blue eyed blonde. I only started getting myself into trouble after I woke up one morning and realized what a waste my life had been with my husband Mark. It seemed like I had been on pause for the last fifteen years. Call it a mid-life crisis, or whatever, but I wanted to get out in the world and live a little. I was still sexy. And although I wouldn't pass for twenty, I still felt like I could turn men on. It was Ed who confirmed that for me.
I met Ed shortly after I decided to divorce Mark. I was at a little cowboy bar with some girlfriends and I let him chat me up. That night we kissed a little in the back of his SUV. It didn't take long before we realized two things. First, that Ed and I really liked fucking each other. Second, that Ed and I didn't really like doing anything else with each other. This was perfect. I wasn't looking for husband number two.
Even though I wasn't living with Mark anymore, Ed and I always snuck around to get together. We would often meet before work at a McDonald's and fuck in the back of his SUV. As things progressed Ed became a little more demanding. He was a big guy—6'4 and big all over. He liked to call me a dirty slut and slap my face with his fat cock. I was his whore, his little piece of carpet. And you know what? I fucking loved it.
These McDonald's adventures were a way for me to make up for all the time that I wasted with my husband Mark. Ed and I kept pushing the limits---a little bit further each time we would meet. Once or twice I got some angry stares as I stepped out of from the fogged up windows of the SU. I'm sure people heard us. Ed would lay into me pretty good and I loved his verbal abuse.
On this particular occasion it all started out harmlessly enough—Ed and I had just finished another one of our McDonald's sessions. Lately he had been in the habit of making dress like a slut. Sometimes he would make me go in and order breakfast with his cum all over my face. I get wet just thinking about it.
Anyway, this time I upped the ante. After fucking me like a dog Ed had pulled out, flipped me over, grabbed me by the back of my head and jacked off all over my face, neck and breasts. I could feel my skin tighten as the spunk dried on me. After cleaning him off Ed ordered me to get breakfast and to let the boys at the counter see the cum on my face.
I decided to let them see more than that. I was still pulsing from my orgasms. I put on my blouse, but instead of buttoning it, I tied it together. Anyone within five feet could see my small pert breasts and my dark, swollen nipples. Maybe they could also see the cum—but who really knows with dried cum?
I got out of Ed's SUV, pulled on my jeans without any panties and slipped into my sandals. At the last minute I chickened out a little bit and put on my sunglasses. With that, my cum-covered breasts and I walked right into McDonald's. Thank good it was early on a weekday!
My heart was pounding as I pushed open the door. There were two people ahead of me and I could see the boy at the counter do a double take as I walked in. I had to fight to keep my hands down. My blouse loosely covered my breasts, but the material stood away from my chest because of the way it was knotted. My nipples were a couple inches away from my blouse and the knot was just above my belly button. I felt like a slut.
My pussy was wet and slick and I could feel my engorged lips push against the unfamiliar roughness of my jeans. I rocked my hips back and forth as I waited. I was trying to rub my clit with my jeans. My hands were in my back pockets. I was shining. I was hot. I bit my lower lip and looked up to stare into the eyes of the boy at the counter. He looked at me expectantly.
"Ummm, are you ready to order Miss?" the boy mumbled.
I was so excited I didn't notice that it was my turn to order. I took a deep breath and walked up to the counter. "Y-yes please." The boy wasn't the only one who was nervous.
I placed my sweaty palms flat on the counter, looked up at the menu board and placed my order. It took some courage to look directly at the boy again. He fumbled around trying to punch the order into the till. Then he dropped his head and turned to fetch the food. He was just a kid, maybe twenty at the most.
As he rushed back to the counter I could see that he had a hard-on. That made me feel great. I leaned forward and placed my hand on his as he put the food down. "Like what you see?" I said.
"Yes" he said, and swallowed.
Looking from his hard on to his face, I raised my hands to my blouse and pulled it apart. His jaw dropped. His attention made me wanton. I slid my hand along the counter until I could feel the bulge through his trousers. "I like what I see too."
I slid my hand down and cupped his crotch, pushing my palm into his cock. I looked into his young eyes and neither of us breathed for a moment.
Then it was broken. The door open and two women came in chattering away. They hadn't seen a thing. I quickly turned and brushed past them out the door.
I was beet red and I hurried on trembling legs back to Ed's SUV. I climbed in to the passenger seat. I was a mess of emotions. Ed just looked at me like I had a hole in my head.
"Where's breakfast?" He asked.
I stopped, looked at him, and laughed. I told him the whole story.
"You grabbed the kid's cock? I'm impressed Theri" I could tell he was proud of his slut.
With the telling of it the fear had worn off and I couldn't believe that I had done it. It turns out that it was only the beginning.
"Well" he said, "I guess you have to go back in there and get our food," he sounded like he was up to something.
"Oh my God Ed, I don't think I can go back in there right now. That kid must have told the entire store about me by now."
"Well, you horny little slut, you should have thought about that when grabbed the kid's cock. If you weren't so turned on by the whole thing you would have remembered the food." This change in tone meant that Ed was getting turned on again. He loved to degrade me when he was horny.
"But Ed it's pretty busy in there now. I just can't go in there." I was nervous. I didn't want to go back in.
Ed grabbed my head and forced me down into his lap. I could feel his hard on. "Do you feel that slut? You've got me worked up again. Are you going to tease me like you teased that poor kid?"
I reached up and rubbed his cock through his jeans. "Are you going to rub me like you rubbed that poor kid?" His hand slid from the back of my head, along my back and down my jeans. He pushed a finger into my pussy. I unzipped him and took him in my mouth. He slid a moistened finger into my anus. I bobbed harder. I was his slut. I wanted to please him. He pushed his finger into me and I pushed back against it.
He pushed a finger deep into my pussy and I moaned around his cock. Then he withdrew his hand and brought it to my face, lifting me away from his cock. He pushed his slimy fingers into my mouth. I looked at him and sucked meekly.
"You are mine, aren't you?"
I moaned assent as I kept sucking.
"You are a slut, aren't you?"
I sucked deeper.
With his other hand he started slapping me with his wet cock. "You love cock don't you slut?"
I grunted. He kept slapping me. I wanted him to touch my pussy. I snaked a hand down between my legs and rubbed myself through my jeans.
He kept slapping me with his cock. I turned my mouth to take him, but he forced me to keep sucking his fingers. I needed to cum. "Playing with yourself are you slut?" With that he pulled out his fingers grabbed my head with both hands and slammed it down on his cock. He grabbed my hair and bucked into me. My face bounced up and down a few times, and then he pulled out.
"Stop playing with your self, you dirty slutty whore." Once again he cupped my chin and forced me to look into his eyes. My mouth pouted open I was hungry for it.
"You can cum slut., but only on my terms. I won't let you cum until you've got that poor kid's semen in your belly. Go get it, and if you have an orgasm before you get back here you will regret you ever sashayed your slutty ass into my life."
He held my face with one hand and smacked me with his cock on my cheeks and forehead. "Get out of here whore. Go get your breakfast!"
I froze for a moment, kneeling on the seat looking up at Ed. I was horny. My cheeks were flushed. My lips were numb. My pussy was engorged, hot and very wet. I needed release. But I was also scared. I knew this was a turning point. I knew this was dangerous. And I knew I was going to go in there and get that kid's cum.
Without a word I sat up, opened the car door and walked back inside.