My way of coping with quarantine was exercise. Every day I would run around the huge municipal park in the city and practise my sprints. I often caught people catching ogling glances at me as I ran in my tight lycra running gear. I am tall, 6'2, broad, muscular and athletic. I have been a competitive track athlete for most of my life and am now a coach, so I have always been in good shape.
Possibly the most distinctive part of my physicality is my huge penis. It is 10 inches long with 7 inches of girth. Even soft, it is incredibly obvious in my running tights. Every team photo I have had has looked indecent. However, nobody could ever say anything, as they were too prudish. Plus it wasn't like I could do anything about it, other than wear 2 pairs of tight underwear to try to tame it.
It never failed to attract size queens, both men and women. Every time I would unbutton my trousers I would relish the look of utter shock, glee and arousal on their faces. Every single time, without fail, but it never gets boring. Everyone has a party piece.
It took me years to realise my cock was far larger than average. I just assumed mine was normal. It wasn't until the gym showers in high school that I realised everyone around me was far smaller. I know that some people are growers, but I'm bigger soft, than when most people are hard.
As high school progressed, my cock inspired intrigue in my friends and classmates. This led to hands wandering under covers at sleepovers, mates asking to hold my cock while we pissed together, and eventually onto exchanging hand jobs and blowjobs. I think the size of my cock encouraged me and my friends to explore our sexuality.
But having a huge penis isn't all fun and games though. It can be a struggle just fitting inside most women, and finding those whom I can pound with my full length are even rarer. People are scared to have me in their ass so I've only given anal a couple of times. So when I find someone who can fully take me everywhere, even completely down their throat, it makes it extra special.
My day job, studies and coaching had eaten into a lot of my personal exercise time, so I'm looking at this situation positively, and using it as an opportunity to improve my fitness levels. That brings me back to my daily run.
The other day, I set out on my usual running route, pretty much oblivious to the frequent stares at my dick in my running leggings from pedestrians. It was a really hot day, so I ensured I was well-hydrated. It was a beautiful day in the park, with the sun shining through new green leaves, dappling the path with shade and sunlight. The breeze caressed my face, a pleasant yet only slight relief from the sweat I was building up.
What was also building up was the pressure in my bladder. I had drunk a lot of water that morning, as I knew it would be hot and I wanted to do a hard session. I tried to put it out of my mind so I could continue my training and wait until I got home. I did a few more sprint sets and got further into the park. However, the urgency in my bladder was getting really distracting now and it was beginning to be difficult to run.
There were a few people on the paths, appropriately socially distanced of course. I started to scout out where I could piss because my bladder was uncomfortably full now and I knew I would never make it home without wetting myself. I knew there was a patch of trees just past the lake, so I managed to jog there slowly, the pressure and urgency building with every footstep.
As the patch of trees came into view, I was so desperate, I thought I wouldn't make it. Without caring if anyone saw me, I ran into the midst of the trees, not checking if I was well-hidden, as I pulled my leaking cock out of my running tights.
My piss gushed forth like a hosepipe, bathing the dry leaves underfoot. My piss sprayed the parched foliage and eventually made a puddle in the earth. My piss seemed to last forever, as I had drunk so much and been holding for so long. Eventually, it slowed to a trickle and I shook the last few drips off the end of my cock.
I had no idea if anyone had seen me, and honestly I didn't care, as long as I didn't get into trouble. People have always been so intrigued by my huge cock and want to see it, so I have become quite an exhibitionist. Knowing that people want to see my magnificent cock and get turned on by it, turns me on too.
The feeling of the breeze on my balls, experiencing the illicit thrill of pissing outdoors, with people walking nearby on the path and the possibility of getting caught had all combined to give me a massive throbbing erection. I couldn't possibly stuff it into my running tights and continue on, as it would have been obscene and people would definitely have been able to see it.
Knowing that masturbation in such a public area was my only option only heightened my arousal. I began to stroke my cock slowly, I was here now, no point in rushing. I would relish the danger and thrill. My cock stiffened even more under my touch. I have large hands but can barely get them round it. I used my other hand to squeeze my massive balls, further heightening my arousal.
I increased the speed of my strokes and tightened my grip. My cock responded by oozing precum, which I smeared all around my engorged head, lubricating my strokes. I could hear people walking along the path, catching snippets of their conversations. If they only stopped and took time to look through the trees, they would see a tall, handsome, athletic man stroking his huge hard cock.
I wondered what their reaction would be. Would they be horrified, intrigued, or aroused? Would they report me to the police, or would they go home and masturbate to the image burned into their memories?
With these thoughts and the danger increasing the longer I was exposed, I could feel my orgasm building. My balls constricted and my huge cock started spurting thick ropes of cum all over the tree trunk in front of me. My orgasm was so intense because of the heightened thrill, I could feel my legs go weak beneath me. I had to hold onto an overhead branch to keep myself steady while my cock continued to spurt my seed over the leafy ground.
Finally, I was completely spent. I pulled my finally flaccid cock back into my running tights and made my way out of the trees. As I returned to the path, I got some funny looks from other people, as they weren't used to people suddenly emerging from the undergrowth. If only they knew what I had been up to. My legs were still weak as I jogged home. I definitely wasn't capable of doing any more sprints. I was exceedingly tempted to repeat my risky adventures next time I went out for a run. Maybe I would choose a riskier spot next time.