Hypnotic Play
Part 6
"Good morning, everyone, and welcome back to another titillating episode of Hypnotic Play! I'm your host, Dr. Kyrie Faulk, here to give you the action that degenerates like us so truly crave, while simultaneously witnessing the incredible, mind-bending skills of my dear sister here."
Kylie smiled at the audience. "That's right, sis! It's my understanding that this is the second-to-last episode, right? I've had such a wonderful time here, despite my initial reservations. It's not every day you're invited to a sexual playspace..."
Kyrie shook her head. "Truly a shame, that all good things must come to an end... but I digress. Let's pick out someone from the audience- raise your hands if you're interested in being hypnotized! This is your last chance to do so!"
Quite a few hands shot up from the crowd. Kylie looked through the crowd until she found someone who seemed quite eager- the eager ones are easiest to hypnotize, after all. "Alright, let's see... you, madam, on my left!"
The woman Kylie picked out walked up onto the stage- a young Indian lady wearing a fairly revealing, backless blue dress. It was a pretty small dress- the bottom of it barely covered her privates.
Kylie gestured for the woman to introduce herself.
"Hello, everyone! My name is Natalya Singh, 27, and I'm an amateur pornstar."
The crowd cheered- an actual porn star! Truly one of the heroes of the horny community.
Natalya blushed slightly. "Thank you, thank you. It's always a little embarrassing to say out loud, but you get used to it, haha!"
Kyrie nodded. "Truly, porn stars have contributed so much to our collective understanding of sexuality- for that we thank you. Now, what made you decide to come up here today?"
Natalya began to blush a bit harder. "Well, my videos are mostly of me going outside naked- with a mask on, of course. But lately, I've been wanting to take it a bit further... just me, without any clothes and unable to cover any part of my body up, in a safe space like this... I'd usually just use the Exhibitionist Area for stuff like that, but I'm not feeling brave enough to do something so embarrassing without being hypnotized..."
Kylie smiled. "Say no more! I'll get your clothes off of you in a snap." She paused. "...that came out wrong."
After Natalya signed off on the required paperwork, she sat down in a comfy chair opposite of Kylie and watched as Kylie began to slowly, rhythmically swing a pendulum in front of her.
Natalya chuckled nervously. "Wow, I'm anxious. I feel like I'm visiting the dentist's office."
"Don't worry! Nothing bad will happen to you."
"Really?"
"Really. How about we talk about something else, to take your mind off of it?"
"Okay, that might help."
"May I ask- what skincare brands do you use? Your face seems so smooth and blemish-free, now that I'm looking."
"Oh, I honestly can't remember. I don't usually buy the same brand every time- it's more the routine than the brand. Wash, cleanse, moisturize, with whatever brand it is you have."
"I see. Well, you seem to take care of your body very well."
"That's right- I'm a pornstar, so taking care of my body is part of the job."
"Do you mind if I see?"
"Hm? See what?"
"Take off your clothes."
"Okay."
Natalya shrugged off the straps of her dress and slid it down her body, then stepped out of it. As it turns out, she wasn't wearing any underwear underneath.
Natalya spun around, showing off her gentle curves and causing her B-cups to bounce a bit. Her gently toned physique made looking at her a pleasant experience, and her perky brown nipples looked ready to be toyed with. "Well? What do you all think? I work hard to keep in shape."
The audience shouted and cheered in appreciation. Quite a few of the hornier perverts started masturbating right then and there.
Natalya looked a bit flushed, but still seemed excited. "Wow! I feel really good. Those trips to the gym really paid off, huh?"
Kylie nodded. "Seems like it! You really ought to share your routine with me after this- a body like that is worth celebrating!"
Kyrie grinned devilishly. "Oh, we're gonna celebrate, all right. Because there's so much more we can do to show off your nudity! Crew- bring out the Wheel of Exhibitionism!"
The crew brought out a large, flashy neon-colored roulette divided into sliced, covered with adhesive tape that could be peeled away to reveal what were presumably scandalous public challenges.
Kyrie held up her hand. "The goal for Natalya is to do ten laps around the entire Exhibitionist Area! We will spin this wheel five times- on each section of the wheel, an action or add-on will be applied to her. Every time she fails to meet a condition, she gets publicly spanked at the end of her walk. With any luck, Natalya will be forced to do some extremely embarrassing things on her little walk~"
Kylie laughed. "I'm told that this exact challenge is done in the exhibitionist area all the time, just with a deck of cards instead. The giant wheel is just for show, all the challenges are the same."
Kyrie shushed her. "Oh, come on, sis. Did you have to ruin it? We're on TV, we ought to dramatize it a little. Anyways, I'm going to spin the wheel... NOW!"
Kyrie spun the wheel. The colored panels spun around and around, gradually slowing until the wheel's pointer stopped on a neon pink panel.
Kyrie tore off the adhesive. "Alright! The first condition is... 'Clit and nipple clamps with bells attached to them!'"
Natalya blushed. "Uhm... I mean... that would CERTAINLY draw some attention, wouldn't it?"
Kyrie took out the clamps and clipped them onto Natalya's nipples and clit. She gasped a bit as they pinched her sensitive, feminine areas. She did her best not to move, but the bells hanging off of her did chime quite a few times, letting the audience know just how much she was squirming around.
"And the second condition is... 'Glass dildos in the ass and the vagina!' That sounds fun, doesn't it?"
Kyrie carefully lubed up the two ridged glass dildos and gently slid them into her- the audience watched as Natalya's insides were exposed for the world to see, the brownish-pink folds of her inner labia as visible as any other part of her body.
Natalya, determined to show off her body, kept her hands clasped behind her back. The cold glass nestled in her ass made her shiver in excitement. "I won't cover myself... you can look, everyone! I um, I don't mind..."
Kyrie smiled. "Oh, right. I didn't tell you this, but I actually made a bit of an upgrade to our transparent toys..."
Natalya squealed as the dildos began to vibrate, buzzing against her clit and the walls of her vagina. "Aaaah~ You shouldn't- surprise me like thaaaat~"
Kyrie spun the wheel again. "Oh- 'keep your tongue out and hold up peace signs'. Careful now- if you roll your eyes up at any point, you'll end up making a very shameful face!"
Natalya shakily raised her arms and made peace signs, sticking out her tongue. "Ith- ith thith gooh- MMM! Ohhh, mmm..."
Natalya couldn't help but roll her eyes back a bit as pleasure rippled through her system, her nipple clamps chiming as they tugged on her nipples, vibrations teasing her.
"Alright, next spin... 'Have at least one stranger grope you each lap.' Ooh, that one may be tough with her unable to talk normally. And lastly... 'Have a stranger write a dirty word or phrase on you every time you cum.'"
Natalya's eyes widened. "Buh... buh itf ahm being gwophed..."
"Better be quick, then! Or else your body will be COVERED in scribbles by the time we're done with this episode!"
Natalya was quite a sight to behold. She looked utterly humiliated, doing her best to walk quickly through the Exhibitionist Zone without drawing attention- but the bells combined with her desperate panting and pleading made that very difficult. She had already cum a few times- the loud chiming as she shook with pleasure and the clear ahegao on her face made it obvious when she did so- and as such already had "SLUT" drawn across her chest in marker, as well as the words "Cum Dumpster" with an arrow pointing to her drenched, stuffed pussy.
It was at this point that a fan of hers came up to her- a young college student. "Oh, man! I know you- you're on that one site! I've, um, masturbated to you quite a few times, hehe..."
Natalya, tongue still hanging out of her mouth, struggled to ask them for a favor. "Ehm, th-thanh youh... a-ahm doin a thallenh wigh nau... an..."
The fan's eyes widened. "Oh! I was actually watching you when they were explaining that challenge... You need me to grope you, right?"
As soon as Natalya nodded, the fan went up behind her and began gently fondling her from behind. "Oh, man, this is like every wet dream I've had come true...!"
Natalya whimpered and moaned as her bells rang out. As a crowd gathered around her to watch, she could feel their eyes burning into her. She felt the orgasm building up deep inside her as she burned with humiliation, shamefully remembering the dirty words written on her body.
As the fan moved their hands lower, groping her thighs and ass, Natalya did her best to resist, not wanting to roll her eyes again- but she couldn't endure forever, and finally moaned loudly, climaxing in front of dozens of people. She had an utterly lewd look on her face, and love juices were slowly dripping down from her dildo. She was drooling messily from having her tongue out- all eyes were on her, and she was loving it.
...
At the end of her walk, shakily climbing back onstage, Natalya was a total mess. The fan had written "Number of orgasms" on her back, and the tally was getting close to a dozen. Her body was covered with markings: "Whore", "Pervert", and "Bitch in Heat" were scrawled all over her skin. She had her legs spread apart for the audience, and was bouncing up and down in excitement, completely unashamed of herself.
Kyrie was impressed. "Wow- you only broke the rules once, when one of your nipple clamps fell off... so, I get to spank you once!"
Kyrie swiftly gave Natalya a swift smack on the rear, causing her to moan out in pleasure. "Mmmmuuuuuhhhh..."
Kyrie chuckled. "More? Sorry, lady, the episode has to end eventually. Kylie?"
Kylie snapped her fingers, and Natalya sighed contentedly, putting her arms down and beginning to speak normally again. "More... mmm... that was great..."
Kylie tilted her head. "How are you feeling? I just de-hypnotized you."
Natalya smiled. "Yeah, I know! That was great- you really made me feel comfortable with my, um... my..."
Natalya looked down. "I was walking around like this...?"
Kylie nodded. "Yep."
Natalya giggled, shyly covering herself up. "Well, I guess this is a big career step for me, huh? I definitely enjoyed it... maybe some of my loyal viewers will get more extreme content like that more often!"
Kylie turned back to the camera. "Well, that was a fairly standard hypnosis session, all in all- I didn't use any tricks I didn't already show you, so I didn't do much explaining..."
Kyrie laughed. "Kylie! You just called that whole thing a 'standard hypnosis session'! Are you SURE you're not turning into a pervert?"
Kylie blushed. "I-I meant in terms of methodology!"
Kyrie turned back to the camera. "Anyways- tune in next time for our final episode, where I attempt to put my sister's knowledge to good use!"