After Angie and I had our quickie before the workout session, we quickly cleaned up. I shaved my face and touched up a few places of stubble in case Joey did an inspection this morning. I gave Angie a new toothbrush that I keep for guests. I was hoping she would be a repeat customer. It was fun watching her brush and spit while wagging her ass at me as I stood behind her and pressed my cock into her ass. At 4:50, we managed to get into the car, both still naked and hairless as the day we were born. I did bring a towel for Angie to sit on. The seat was still a mess. I remembered to take the gym bag out of the car. I didn't want Joey to get mad at us.
As I pulled out of the garage, Angie insisted we roll down the windows and enjoy the morning air. Right at 5:00 we rolled up to the back of the pool. Joey was there with another car we didn't recognize, parked by Angie's car that she left just a few hours ago. I kind of expected additional players at the pool one of these mornings. I just didn't know who. As Angie and I stepped out of my car, Joey stepped out with Tess and Ashley from the laser treatment the day before.
This was definitely going to be an interesting workout session, to say the least.
Tess bounded up to me and gave me a big hug around my neck, pressing my hard on into her stomach. Good thing it was pointing up or the she might have hurt me when she bounded up my way. She didn't seem to mind. "When Joey told me that you would be naked and hard, I didn't believe her, but I wasn't going to miss the opportunity if it was true to see that awesome body of yours again. Seeing your hard cock and Angie, too, is an added bonus"!
"Are you here to swim or watch?" I asked.
I'm here to swim, but I'm not in your league," Tess said. "Joey told me your latest workout times and I'll be about 8 minutes behind you this morning. Ashley is here to swim, too. I think she wants to be part of the regular morning swim team".
"Clothed or naked?" I asked.
"Some of each," Tess replied. "Part of the deal to come this morning was one of us had to be naked. Joey insisted! We flipped for it and I won...or lost... according to how you look at it. I think it was rigged for me to lose, but I really don't mind," she said with a wink.
As we got to the backdoor, Joey turned to Angie and me, "You two bring up the rear so our guests can get inside first." Then glancing down at Angie, she reached out and stroked her outer labia lips very lightly and noted, "Your bald cunt looks like it had plenty of action last night and this morning. I hope you saved enough energy for your workout this morning!" Joey then unlocked the door and stepped inside.
Ashley stepped up, gave me a long, admiring look, up and down. She then wrapped her left hand around my erection and said, "hello, nice to see you again", like she was shaking my hand. Then as she stepped toward the door, she lightly stroked my left butt cheek with her other hand. She was wearing black and gray running shorts and a matching black and gray tee shirt, but she quickly shucked them to show off a small tight bright red one piece racing suit. It looked dynamite on her. It fit like a glove, and like Joey, she must have cut the liner out. The high cut leg openings revealed the briefest peek of a tan line and the low cut back accentuated her broad shoulders. I could see her nipples very plainly and her camel toe was faint, but visible, even with a dry suit. Yes, she was definitely a swimmer. Her legs were very tone and her butt didn't giggle when she walked. She went to the end of the pool and started stretching.
Tess was inside next, wearing the smallest running shorts I've seen in a while, light blue, and a white tee-back tank top. Her nipples were very evident thru the shirt. A combination of the cool morning air and her soon to be naked swim, I imagined. Like the agreement, she quickly stepped out of her shorts and took the tank top over her head and gave them to Joey. She wasn't wearing a bra or panties. "What do you think?" she said to me thru the door opening, as she pranced and turned seductively so we all got a full view while twirling her red swim goggles.
She was a hard body. If she wasn't the regular swimmer, I wondered how she got so toned. Not an ounce of fat. Firm, flat stomach, with the outline of her stomach muscles clearly visible. She sported an all over tan. Her firm breasts were a full C-cup, definitely store bought, with large areola and very hard nipples. Her bald, smooth labia lips were perfectly formed and rounded. Her clitoral hood was fairly prominent and just looked like it needed to be sucked and licked. I hoped I got the chance soon. Her firm round ass and sinewy legs were definitely what I was seeing under her scrubs. Awesome start to the day...a quickie and then a look at another perfect naked tanned woman!
Angie and I were last in the door. All of the beautiful, scantily clad and naked women had my hormones firing on all cylinders. My cock was definitely recovered from its heavy use over the last few hours, although it was a little red and sensitive.
Angie was glowing. I think she really enjoyed our overnight session as much or more than I did. She had taken her clitoral hood ring out on the way over in the car. She said she was particularly sore down there, but wouldn't change how she got it! Joey was right... Angie's outer pussy lips were much fuller than usual, gapping slightly near the bottom, and very red. It was obvious that she had been fucked recently. I hoped she wouldn't have an issue swimming this morning.
Joey got the session going with a quick order to finish stretching and get in the water. She stepped out of her shorts and took off her tee shirt to reveal a bright blue, but very small bikini. I wasn't sure this one was made to stay on swimming, but I kind of think she knew she was going to have competition in the form of two naked women and another competitive swimmer. It clung to her body like some kind of lycra material, so maybe it would stay in place. I would be watching to see if anything came off during the session. The top was two very small triangles with string connecting them and one small triangle G-string bottom that tied at the sides. As always, I admired her body with her broad shoulders and tight, flat stomach. Today, though, she might be second to Tess' smoking hot body. I wouldn't turn down either one of them if they approached me.
This was the fullest I had seen this pool before, with five lap swimmers sharing lanes. Joey had hooked up a third lap lane rope so that we could manage all the swimmers and help keep down the choppy water. Joey and I shared a lane; Tess and Angie shared the middle lane; and, Ashley had the outside lane to herself. I kind of thought that Joey was wanting to reestablish "ownership" of me after Angie had fucked me silly.
It then dawned on me why Joey figured getting away with such a micro suit. If you've ever done laps in a pool with another swimmer in your lane, it can be tough if both swimmers aren't close to the same speed in the water. I knew that I was faster than Joey. I assumed Angie would be faster than Tess, so that would be interesting as the need to pass the slower swimmer occurred. But it was also easier when you have multiple swimmers to not do flip turns, but reach the wall, move to the left and start back. Joey's suit would be under a lot less stress today than flip turn days, so it just might stay on...but I was hoping it wouldn't.
Watches set, goggles on, and we were off. Joey let me start and get a half pool length lead. Tess and Angie did the same. Ashley was even with me, swimming by herself. I'm so glad I had the outside lane and the two naked women had the middle lane. If I was careful not to run into the end walls, I could watch each of them coming and going the whole session. Good thing I can breathe on either side.
It was apparent that Ashley was a serious swimmer. I'm not sure if she swam faster than me but her being able to do flip turns swimming solo in the outside lane helped her a lot.
Angie and Tess seemed about evenly matched, speed wise. Their cute firm asses just breaking the surface of the water and their boobs and shaved crotches under the water made it much more fun for me whether I was watching under water or when I reached the end of the pool and turned around., catching a glimpse topside!
I slowly gained on Joey until about the 8th lap to where she and I were at the wall at the same time. I let her know I wanted to pass while we were both there at the end, but she was being competitive and acted like she wasn't going to let me by her. Feeling playful on a lot of sex and very little sleep, I reached out and pulled the string on her G-string bottoms, figuring she would have to stop and adjust her wardrobe malfunction. She and I hadn't really ever bantered or played sexually... except the time she flashed me her boobs while I jacked off for her in the parking lot... but she took it good humoredly and even flashed me her bald pussy, but only briefly.
It was a really competitive swim and even without sleep and my life forces drained by the beautiful sex machine in the middle lane, I finished with a good time for not using a flip turn at the end of each length. It is amazing what elevated testosterone can do for a guy's athletic performance. I had always heard sex before an event sapped your strength, but it seemed to have the opposite effect on me today. I would have loved to take a nap before I went to work, though.
Ashley finished her mile first and I finished less than a lap behind her. She stood at the end of her lane checking her pulse and breathing hard. I've already told you how erotic it is to me watching a hard body woman breathing deeply to try and get control of her breathing at the end of a swim session, and she was definitely a hard body. With people finishing at different times over the last few minutes, I was able to check my pulse and check out the women, especially Ashley, while I cooled down sitting on the edge at the end of the pool. Watching Ashley's chest rise and fall and her stomach muscles expand and contract to a definite six pack was helping my erection immeasurably. Remember, Joey insisted I be hard at the beginning and end of each session. She provided me good eye candy to accomplish that task!
Being the only guy watching four scantily clad or naked women swimming is awesome! Angie finished next, followed closely by Joey. Angie immediately slipped over her lane marker and surfaced where I was dangling my feet and grabbed my hard on. "Need help with that?" she asked.
Joey had just finished her laps and stood up in the shallow end. Her red micro bikini that consisted of a G-string and two small triangles for a top was like a second skin after it got wet. She was breathing hard and her chest was rising and falling as she cooled down. It left nothing to the imagination. Her labia lips were obvious thru her bottom and it was apparent that she shaved everything. Her nipples were outlined thru the material on the top so that every goose bump even showed beside her hard, raised nipples and areole.
"Not this morning!" Joey said, flatly. "We need to not scare the new swimmers too badly. Besides, I owe you for your insubordination with that string trick you pulled...no pun intended!"
Tess finished last, but she had definitely done better than she said she would. She was suffering trying to recover from the exertion. I'm sure she tried to stay up with Angie and overdid her exertion. She was bent over at the waist in the shallow end with her hands on the edge of the pool, gasping for breath. Her tanned, nude body was still a sight to behold. Her small waist and muscular hips accentuated her bare labia lips that were just at the water line. Her firm breasts were raising and lowering in concert with her trying to catch her breath.
With all these athletic women in various state of dress and undress, I didn't know where to look or who to concentrate on. Angie brought me back to reality when she grabbed my erection and said, "Hey! Earth to space! Time to get ready to go!"
The girls all laughed at me and the slack jawed look I evidently had on my face when Angie said that. As I stood up on the deck, Tess asked for a hand out of the pool. I was too happy to help. As I lifted her out, her gaze was directly on my almost purple erection. I am not sure when I have been harder, even over the last few days. "Hey!" she said, "that thing is going to blow up if something isn't done about it real soon!"
Joey was about to ensure my punishment was blue balls for the prank I pulled on her when Ashley entered the conversation. "I think I'd like to see someone help him out, don't you, Joey?"
Joey relented, but said, "The morning crew will be here in about 10 minutes, so unless you can help him quickly, we'll need to take this outside."
Ashley chimed in, "Well now. That sounds like an interesting situation. I would like to vote we kick these three out the door and have them put on a show for us out there."
Angie lit up at the prospects of her jumping my bones outside...with an audience... but Tess was about to protest when Joey and Ashley both assured her that since she worked for them, her job was safe and the parking lot was seldom visited this early.
Angie and I had no clothes anyway, Joey had our car keys, Joey had Tess' running outfit, and Tess had ridden with Ashley, so we all were at the mercy of Ashley and Joey. I was beginning to see the two of them as a team in this game Joey and I had been playing.
The three of us were told to go stand outside while Ashley and Joey changed clothes. Angie and Tess were instructed to hang their swim goggles on my erection, but to otherwise not do anything with me until they were told. It was getting into late spring, so by 6 am, the sun was almost up and it was definitely light enough to see and be seen.
It was almost 10 minutes before Ashley and Joey came out in their running shorts and tops. I had no idea what they did during the time, whether they schemed a grand plan, pleasured one another, or just got dressed and left us to sweat our possible discovery, but they did come out smiling at us when they did leave the building.
"OK!" Joey said. "This is what Ashley and I decided inside that would make us satisfied. Since Angie's pussy looks like it has been rode hard and put up wet, we want to let her take a break. Tess' little cunnie just looks so cute and sexy, we want her to get fucked in the parking lot. Since there is only one dick out here, I guess you get to be her sex toy this morning. How does that sound?"
Angie was pouting a little, but I thought Tess was going to do a backflip! I was in heaven!
"Me? Here? Now?! Come to me, Tiger!" Tess growled.
"Wait!" Ashley cautioned. "I think Tess should get some oral action to get her ready. And since hard on here isn't quite as hard as he could be, I think him watching Angie eat out her lap partner laying on the hood of your car will get its attention, don't you think?"
My mind was going a mile a minute...probably from the rush of blood to my erection...all I could do was nod in the affirmative.
"OK," Joey directed, "out to the cars! On your back, and then spread 'em, Tess! Angie, this should get the frown off your face, if you're up to it."
Joey didn't need to worry. In a flash, Tess virtually ran across the lot to my car and spread eagle on the cold metal hood with her toes barely touching the asphalt. A smiling Angie was bounding right behind her.
Angie took up position between Tess' legs. Kneeling, she placed her hands on each thigh and then basically dove in to Tess' cunt head-first...she needs to remember foreplay one of these days, but we were under somewhat of a time crunch.
Licking Tess' pussy and lapping the sweet moisture already showing on her outer lips, Angie soon began nibbling her prominent clit softly at first, but then more aggressively, alternating with fucking her pussy with her tongue. Tess was initially wide eyed and wary with Angie's aggressiveness, but quickly got into the swing of things and began to grind her hips into Angie's mouth, arching her back off my hood, and moaning loudly. She was so loud, I thought for a minute that the opening crew for the gym might open the back doors to see what was going on.
After a few minutes of aggressive muff diving, Tess grabbed Angie's head, tensed, thrust her hips forward, and ground her snatch into Angie's mouth, exploding to a very obvious and intense orgasm. How was I going to follow that? I felt I was up to the task...
Angie staggered back and stood. Tess' body fluids were running down Angie's chin and onto her chest. Her hair was a mess. She was obviously aroused. Her outer pussy lips were even more red and engorged. After telling me, "your turn, stud!" she knelt back down on the parking lot and began frigging herself.
I didn't pay any more attention to Angie. My focus was on the gorgeous, sexy hood ornament that was spread eagle on my car. She was glistening sweat on that beautiful tanned skin and her cunt was leaking down the crack of her ass onto my car. As I approached her, she lifted her legs and grabbed her ankles, spreading her legs as wide as she could. "Fuck me!" she screamed. I know people in the gym heard that!...but I was happy to oblige. The height of my car hood and with her ass off the sheet metal, her pussy was the perfect height and angle for a perfect penetration. Pushing my rock hard cock forward and down, I rubbed the head of my cock along the length of her opening slit. She would have none of that and grabbed me and pulled me forward. She was so aroused and wet, I bottomed out in one thrust. As I thrust in her, wrapped her legs around my waist, leaning up to put her arms around my neck. I put my hands under her ass, picked her up, and off we went to the races...much to the enjoyment of the other women in the parking lot.
In no time, I was grunting and sweating and bouncing this young sex goddess on my pole to some primal rhythm that suited both of us. Apparently, since Tess had cum before me, I advanced more quickly up the arousal levels and managed to cum first, without dropping Tess or buckling my knees and falling down. As I froze with my hard on pumping ropes of cum deep within Tess' vagina, she convulsed and dug her fingernails into my back and growled a low guttural noise that was not anything I had ever heard before, but definitely planned on hearing again...soon and often. As she came, our fluids gushed down over my cock and balls.
Thankfully, Tess released my neck and I was able to sit her back on the hood of my car without my still semi erect cock falling out of her. Leaning over with her as I set her down, we hugged a long embrace and I finally released her and stood. My dick finally flopping out of her sopping pussy.
Sweating, and panting, and dripping cum and fluids, I turned to face Ashley and Joey and smiled. "How's that?", I asked.
"Very entertaining!" Ashley cooed. "I think you'll be fun to work with."
"Don't get a big head," Joey admonished. "You've got a way to go, yet."
That left me wondering what Ashley and Joey had in mind for me...but I was sure that it was going to be good.
I sure love working with my therapy team...