I went back to the bedroom to see what Rachel was doing now she was out of the shower.
"What did you have planned?" I asked her.
"Well," she said, "I've had a panty request I've been ignoring for a while, but they've offered me a fair amount of money, so I thought I'd try and do it."
"OK, what does that involve?"
"I'm supposed to put in a butt plug, wear it for an hour or more, then suck somebody off with it in."
"That's awfully specific," I said.
"Yes," she said. "And I don't like anal."
"Why not?"
"It hurts," she said, "and the few guys I've tried it with were pretty rough. Don't get me wrong, rough sex is OK sometimes, but not with anal."
"Do you even have a butt plug?"
"I went and got one, and some lube."
She got it out of her bag. It was a small metal one, with a flat base with a heart-shaped crystal in it. It was cold to the touch.
"You might want to warm this up a bit," I said.
She took it from me and held it in her hand, blowing on it.
"There," she said.
I took her towel from her and draped it over the end of the bed, and she turned away from me and knelt on the bed on all fours.
"Lube me up," she said.
I bent over and licked her pussy, starting from her clit and working upwards. I started off small, but as I went on, I licked further and further up her pussy, until I was just getting to her anus. She was really wet by now, and really getting in to it. I started to concentrate on her anus, going around it and pushing against it slightly with my tongue. She was starting to push back against me. I picked up the lube, and dripped some on her, using my finger to work it in to the puckered skin around her hole. I dripped more lube on her, and worked it in to her anus with my finger.
I took the plug from her, and dripped more lube on her. I slowly worked the plug against her until it popped in, then I turned it so the heart was the right way up.
"That wasn't so bad," she said.
"You want a picture of this as proof?"
"Sure," she said, and I went and got her phone.
I handed it to her so she could unlock it, and she cursed as she read a text message.
"Damn it, Earl wants me to work today for a few hours."
"Are you going to?"
"I guess I should," she said.
"Well, you did need to wait a while before the blowjob. You can come back later."
She texted Earl to say she was going to be there.
"Take the picture," she said, "and I'll get dressed."
I took several pictures of her, from slightly different angles. The first pictures you could only really see the plug, the last ones showed her whole pussy. It was all puffy from her being so turned on.
She got up and dressed. The excess lube soaked straight through her panties, meaning there was a see through spot at the back where the plug was.
"I can't go like this, without a bra," she said. "Can I borrow your sweatshirt again?"
"Sure," I said, and got one of my zip up hoodies for her.
She put it on over the dress, and it came down almost to the hem. She rolled the sleeves a little, then came and kissed me.
"Wish me luck," she said, heading for the door.
I settled down to read some websites while I waited for her. Every now and then she'd send me a picture of up her dress, or down her dress. Then I got a picture of the plug, with her dress pulled up. It looked like a bathroom somewhere. I was already thinking of the blowjob I was going to get later.
She called me a short while later.
"How's it going?" I asked.
"Not terribly. The plug feels a little uncomfortable, but it's turning me on just being there. Guess what, the old guy's ordered a pizza because I'm delivering tonight."
"Bless him. At least he tips well."
"Yup. Anything you think I should do for him?"
"Well, if you want to continue to lead him on, you could lose the dress, and maybe show him your new toy?"
"That'll work," she said. "I'll call you later."
I sat and waited for her to call back, while skimming some articles. I figured she wasn't going to be long, as it was still pretty early. I assumed the shop would be busy.
Sure enough, she called about fifteen minutes later.
"Oh god," she said. "I took off my dress, like you said, so I walked up his driveway in just my panties and your hoodie. He was pleased to see me, and asked me in. He's wearing a robe again, and the lady neighbor was there. He asked what we were playing today. I turned around and pulled my panties down so they could see the plug. He seemed shocked by that, and when I turned back, and pulled my panties up, he said it didn't look like I had anything on under the hoodie, and asked to see. I unzipped and pulled the hoodie wide open, and he pulls his robe wide open, and he's naked underneath it. I told him I can't stop, but I know it's not too busy really - at least, Earl isn't texting me to hurry back yet. Anyway Henry, that's what the neighbor lady called him, tells me she's been jerking it while waiting for me, and he shouldn't last long. So I figure I'm supposed to blow somebody, why not him? I gave her my phone to take pictures, and knelt down in front of him and sucked his dick for him. He was right, it only took like two minutes and he was cumming in my mouth. It was humiliating, blowing an old man in front of his girlfriend, I guess, and it's really got me turned on. She took a picture of me with my mouth full of his cum, then I swallowed it down and headed out. I'll put my dress back on back at the shop."
"What are you going to tell Earl if he asks why it took you so long?"
"Dunno, traffic? I had to help Henry with something? I'll think of something. Right now I want a soda to wash the taste away."
"Does this mean I'm not getting my blowjob?"
"I'm sure we can work something out. Anyway, I'm almost here now, so I'll talk to you later. I must be almost done now."
About ten minutes later, there was a knock at the door. I went and opened it, and Rachel was there. She unzipped my hoodie, and held it wide open - she hadn't put her dress back on.
"Did you put your dress back on at all?" I asked her.
"Nah, she said - I was going to do it in the restroom at the shop, but Earl said to clock out and go home."
"And he didn't realize you were almost naked under the hoodie?"
"I guess not, but I had it zipped up and pulled down, so there's no reason why he would. Zach was delivering, so nobody else was there."
She handed me her dress, and took the hoodie off.
"Aren't you going to invite me in?"
"I don't know," I said, taking the hoodie from her, "those panties look awfully messy."
She peeled her panties down and stepped out of them.
"How about now?"
"Sure, come on in."
She came in and kicked off her shoes. After closing the door, I followed her down the hall, and she went into the bathroom and picked up her toothbrush. She came out after cleaning her teeth.
"That's better," she said, and picked up her panties from where I'd dropped them. She took a ziplock bag out of her bag and put them in it.
She got her phone out, and we looked at the pictures Henry's neighbor had taken while Rachel sucked him off. There were a lot of close-ups, and they were really sexy.
"You should send me those," I said.
"I am so fucking horny right now," she said, "can we go and fuck in the bedroom?"
I followed her in there, and she turned and kissed me passionately. I grabbed her butt and kneaded it, pulling her into me. After a minute or so, she pulled away and started undressing me. As she worked on my jeans, I took my shirt off. She had my jeans down, and I pulled my legs out of them, losing my socks as I did.
She turned around, and knelt on the bed on all fours.
"Do me doggy style, and tell me how it feels with the plug."
I rubbed my dick through her sopping wet pussy, and it didn't feel much different with the plug there, but it was interesting watching it pulse in and out as I stroked in and out and she tightened her muscles. After a couple of minutes, she started cumming, and I slowed down to let her get her breath back.
"Do me in the ass," she said.
I pulled out of her pussy, and she went and got her lube from her bag. She knelt down again and pulled the plug out, dropping it on the bed. I lubed her up, rubbing it into her anus with my finger, then two fingers. I dripped lube on my dick, and put it against her hole. I rubbed my dick over her anus a couple of times, and she started pushing back at me. I slowly pushed forward, and it strained against her for a second, then the head popped in. I dripped more lube on the shaft as we slowly eased more and more inside her, stroking in and out. Occasionally she grunted at the pressure.
"You OK?"
"Yeah, it's OK," she said. "I don't know that I'm going to enjoy this that much."
I took my time, and she relaxed until it wasn't as bad.
"OK," she said, "fuck my ass."
I started stroking in and out, still slowly, and after a few minutes of this, she started to get in to it. I reached around her and started rubbing her clit, and she was really getting in to it. She was thrusting back at me, and then she came again. I could feel her muscles clutching at my dick, and it felt so good I started to cum too, unloading inside her ass.
When we had both come down, I eased my dick out of her, and went and got washcloths. We cleaned up, and she put on a new pair of panties.
"I guess I should be going home," she said. "I've been out a lot longer than I meant to be."
We got dressed, and I walked her to the door.
"I have some other special requests I think I'm going to look at doing," she said, kissed me, then headed down the stairs.