This is the continued report on our vacation from last summer. Please see part one of our adventure for a better understanding of part 2: http://www.literotica.com/s/out-for-a-walk-the-key-inside-ch-01
After arriving home, I showered and cleaned my egg, getting it ready for use the following day. I dressed up, preparing our barbeque and in anticipation of our guests.
John and I had been ready to have a barbeque anyway, so it wasn't much work to prepare the meat, get salads on plates, cut the bread, and organize the table along with putting out the sauces.
I was still busy with preparations when John arrived with our new friends, coming through the garden door into our backyard. I was relieved to see Kysia and Mischa were casually dressed like myself.
John, ever the gracious host, took over and offered drinks which he served us out on the terrace. I invited Kysia to take a place next to me, which she gladly did. I thanked her and her husband for the wonderful time we already had with them earlier in the day.
Sometimes in life, things proceed slowly, with each challenge being met, success coming consistently, as in my going out in the nude. Now, though, they went far faster, almost beyond control as we got closer with Kysia and Mischa.
We enjoyed our drinks out in the bright, late afternoon sun. I eventually brought up the question about how they had felt upon our arrival with me being naked.
Kysia described it as a revelation that anyone could be so brave as to live life how they wanted, without inhibition. It inspired her so much, she said she'd readily join me in future events during our stay.
I excitedly told them about our earlier adventures, along with the fun details planned for this vacation.
Hearing this, Kysia's enthusiasm was very apparent, and Mischa agreed, 'Yes, we would love to join in your plans making it a fantasy for all of us to enjoy.'
John said we would love the company and comradery in our adventures. He asked if the ladies, as a gesture of trust would change wardrobe to a more 'adventurous state' for the rest of the evening.
Then Mischa said that it was a good idea, and suggested Kysia and I use our imagination.
I led Kysia by the hand upstairs. Once up there, I suggested, 'I think we shouldn't give them everything all at once. Do you have an idea how we should dress?' Kysia replied, 'Well, let's meet halfway: let's go bottomless!'
That seemed like a good idea to me. I had plenty of sexy underwear with me, so I offered her a pair of my stockings as she was about the same size.
'What size shoes do you wear?' I asked her.
Being the same size, I handed her a pair of pumps. She already had on a short top, so we started dressing: or more correctly, undressing to the bottomless state. Doing up our make-up, we applied a little rouge to our faces as well as on our labia to match.
When we were ready for our entrance, we joined our hubbies again. Both told us we looked gorgeous. While we were getting ready, John had lit the barbeque, so we took another drink and returned to socializing, having a great conversation.
Then Kysia asked what plans we had for tomorrow as we hadn't yet parked the car as previously planned.
Mischa said, 'Let's start from here together. We can arrange things easier and faster using two cars.'
John said he was OK with that, so we went to work figuring out the proper schedule so we would have the woods to ourselves: an early start a must. Estimating we would take twenty minutes to place a car with our coats at the turning point, our walk could start at 7:00AM, so we would meet the next morning at our home at 6:30AM.
I said it was time to start our dinner and we could discuss the details later, during our meal.
'That's a good idea!' Kysia said.
She blushed, her face turning red, thinking about the impending nude walk the next morning. I calmed her, saying we would be together, which was also a great relief to me.
Later in the evening, Kysia mentioned we might have some more 'intimate fun' later in the week as Mischa and she had previously fantasized about swinging for a long time. As it turns out, John and I had as well. So we started discussing boundaries of play within which everyone would be comfortable.
To me, it seemed like everything was possible, as long as condoms were used. With the additional point, no cum would be shared with the new partner: I love to swallow John's cum, and I wasn't willing to share with anybody else.
We were all in agreement, and Mischa said he would take care of getting the condoms.
In the meantime, we enjoyed our barbeque. I told them how lucky we were to have met such good friends at the very beginning of our vacation!
We completed our plans for the next morning. Mischa knew a great spot to park the car and he would make final arrangements with John.
It was getting quite late in the evening, especially with our planned early start. It was time for our friends to go home.
Kysia said she'd like to leave her clothes at our house so she could dress after the morning event - planning to return to our house naked the next morning. So after she had finished undressing, we kissed, and said goodbye for the evening, letting them out at the back gate of our garden. After cleaning up, we went to bed knowing it would be an early morning. In bed, John asked if I considered it wise to start swapping partners.
I told him I considered it to be minimal risk as we were on vacation. To which he agreed, so we chose not to 'shoot our powder,' and we went to sleep, saving ourselves for the next day.
As usual, I awoke before the alarm. John was asleep on his back. I went down on his dick and gently started sucking him. When he woke up, I stopped, saying 'I want to swallow your cum... but you'll have to deliver it in a condom this time!' Preparing for the swap to come.
He laughed, and told me that was exactly what was going to happen tonight.
I took a shower and made us coffee because John needed some more time to ready himself as he had to shave and put on clothes, unlike me.
We had coffee waiting for our friends who arrived shortly, ten minutes earlier than planned. We kissed and sat down to our hot drinks.
Kysia was already in her birthday suit, wearing only a pair of sexy white, open toed shoes. She arrived with a long, black coat over her arm which she handed over to John. She said she had to wear shoes as her feet were somewhat tender, not having the chance to ready them for the nude walk as I had.
We shared a cup of coffee together after the men had left, leaving us in suspense as to where we would go and what, or even perhaps who we might meet.
We were to wait for them. I got a little nervous, yet aroused at the same time; Kysia feeling the same.
She said she was a little cold, so I gave her my waistcoat that was by the front door.
I teased her, 'That's because you're all shaved and bald!' In fact, I considered shaving after the walk as it would be unpractical in the evening when we would have our little party.
John and Mischa returned after about thirty minutes saying it was time for our walk to start. Kysia handed me my waistcoat and asked the men if she could carry the egg.
John asked me, and I said, 'By all means!'
So Kysia waited for John to prepare the egg and she laid back on the couch, asking John to insert it.
He asked her to spread her legs, then started to play with her pussy until she was wet enough to open her labia, spreading them for inserting the egg, using his other hand to push it up a little until it was in place.
Kysia got up, thanked him, and we were ready to go!
Mischa held the front door open, saying 'Ladies first!'
I took Kysia by the hand and we stepped outside. The air was still cool, but the sun kissed our naked skin all over. John closed the door and we went to the backyard, headed off on our adventure.
Mischa explained to Kysia where they had parked the car.
'Oh, my...' she blushed a bit and laughed, 'That sure will be quite a morning walk! I know the way and I'll tell you what's coming up. I'll keep you informed and prepared.'
We walked in front of our men, enjoying the thrill of mixed feelings: a little fear, embarrassment, joy, and pride - all at one time.
We walked through the woods, the cool soil felt good on my feet, although I had to pay attention to avoid stones and pieces of wood on the trail.
Kysia said we were coming upon an opening in the wood with a beautiful view of the nearby village. The path inclined slightly and we emerged from the woods. The village was calm, we saw a single car driving down the road, but no one seemed to notice us.
The sun felt good on our skin and we enjoyed our walk becoming more and more comfortable being nude. It started to feel natural. After about five minutes, we entered back into the forest cover, sheltered, but colder than out in the sun.
Kysia noted we would soon have to cross a road in a meadow where there could be some traffic, so we should be prepared for a possible encounter. We emerged from the wood, confirming her prediction as some traffic was coming, but we walked on.
Our men were having fun together, John started teasing, saying we would make the day for those who we encountered!
We had reached the road and had to wait for a few cars to pass, yet there was no reaction except for a single car that hooped. We waved to the driver who obviously enjoyed the sight.
Without further incident, we re-entered the woods along our path and passed a picnic table. I suggested we take a break to give my feet a rest.
We sat down for a moment only to have the inevitable happen as a group of scouts came down the path in the opposite direction. We acted normal, chatting a bit, as if this was a normal, every day occurrence. They looked at us, turned their heads when passing, gazed at us; but didn't say anything, and continued on their way.
'Wow,' Kysia said. 'We definitely gave them something to talk about!'
We continued on, nearing our car's location. We followed the river and the car came into sight. It was in a small parking area with a picnic table.
Arriving at our half-way point, John said it was time to change the egg from Kysia to me. This way we would have carried the key together. It seemed like a good idea to us, so Kysia climbed up on the table led down and spread her legs.
To prevent the egg from getting dirty, I was to catch it in my hands. Kysia pulled up her knees, and pushed. The egg slid out into my hands.
We exchanged places so I could be on the table to take complete possession of the egg. During this time, a couple of people were arriving in the parking area. It was the scout group who had followed us. I saw them while looking over my feet and I froze.
'Carry on, Joan! Go on and insert your egg!' John said.
Kysia immediately understood my problem and didn't want me to be the only one super-exposed. She said, 'Give me the egg, I'll help you out!'
I gave her the egg, spread my legs, and pulled up my knees for her.
She had noted the scouts were all over eighteen, so she bent over and placed her head between my legs. And started to lick my pussy. And I LOVED it! The whole intense situation just put me out of control.
After a few minutes, she stopped her licking and said, 'We'll continue later; now I'm gonna put the egg inside of you!'
She put the egg in place inside me, took me by the hand, and helped me up from the table. The scouts had formed a half-circle in front of us, and started to yell and applaud! Kysia and I stood arm-in-arm, kissed each other, and then bowed for our audience.
Mischa and John asked us to get into the car and we drove off, waving to our new fans.
'We'll drop you off at another point, equal distance to return home. We couldn't take the risk they would follow us all the way home!' John said.
They drove us to a spot close to the woods for us. They wished us a nice walk and drove off. We waved to them and went on our way.
'We're much better off starting from here,' I said to Kysia, 'Our hubbies were right: we would never have lost them, I fear!'
'You're probably right, dear. We'll have an easy walk home from here. You'll enjoy it!'
I said, 'By the way, you made it clear to me that I'm bisexual, which I never knew!'
'Neither did I,' she answered.
We stopped, fell into each others arms, and started to kiss. It was a great feeling, breast to breast, belly to belly, and tongue to tongue. After a few minutes, it was as if we awoke, and finally decided to carry on toward home.
We walked hand-in-hand, not even realizing all the time we were naked any more.
Kysia said, 'The boys will enjoy watching us when we carry on together this evening.'
I said I couldn't wait to taste her, so I would like to start now!
'Well, that's definitely okay with me. In a few minutes, we'll arrive at another picnic table. Is that okay with you?'
'Yes,' I said and we continued on our walk.
Within five minutes, we arrived at the spot. Kysia climbed upon the table and spread wide for me. I started to lick her pussy, initially starting at her lips, gently teasing her. She was soaking wet. I circled my tongue around and over her clitoris until she started to tilt her pelvis. She moaned as she got off, 'Oh my god! That was so delicious! Thank you, you did great!'
I continued to massage her belly and breasts for some time afterward until we decided we should go home as our men were currently locked out of the house as we had the key.
Kysia, like me, had never realized she was bi before this day. She said we could enjoy this together, though, in the forthcoming two weeks. We were sure that we also would need our hubbies to do their duties, though!
While walking home, my feelings had changed, and we decided to take the initiative with the filled condoms: we would put all the cum in one glass, mix it, and share it drinking it together.
We passed the village at some distance as before and again, it seemed like nobody realized we were butt naked when we passed, even a couple going the opposite direction on our path. We didn't make eye contact and they passed us as if they didn't notice we were naked.
We arrived at our garden about five minutes later.
John and Mischa were waiting for us. We sat down in a chair with them.
I pushed out my egg, saying 'Please, now first make us a coffee!'
To be continued