The next 15 minutes were pure agony for me. It felt like a ticking time bomb was about to go off. I had never had six guys at once and the anticipation was killing me. The minutes went by like hours. I couldn't wait to hear that knock on the door. I was just hoping they wouldn't chicken out. With six college guys, you never know how responsible they are going to be.
Thank goodness I had Suki there to calm me. He gentle demeanor was so relaxing. She looked beautiful as well. He long silky black hair was put up in a bun, held by two pairs of chop stick. Here skin was perfectly bronze from all her time in the Hawaiian sun. Her makeup was perfect for a geisha girl. Light white makeup accented her round cheek bones, with pronounced red mascara to shape he deep brown eyes. Some light red blush on her cheeks and bright red lipstick on her plump lips that just said, "come fuck me."
"Ms. Suzanne, do you mind if I stay in your kimono? It is much nicer than mine."
"Of course, Suki. You know what is mine is yours."
"I was hoping you'd say that, and I hope it doesn't just apply to your wardrobe," she said as she casually slid her finger into my slit and then licked it clean.
"Oh, and Suki, I almost forgot to tell you, these guys know me as Stephanie."
"Ms. Suzanne, I mean Stephanie. You dirty slut. How many aliases do you have?"
"A naughty girl never tells Suki. A naughty girl never tells."
"Oh, so much to learn from you Ms. Stephanie. So much to learn."
Let me slip on my shoes and then we will get our serving platter prepared," Suki said.
She went in her bag and pulled out a pair of clear platform heels that must have been about 7 inches tall. They had a red rose encased in the platform of each foot.
"You sexy vixen. Not exactly traditional geisha wear," I cooed to her.
"Well, times have changed Ms. Stephanie, and I find it is best to honor some of the old-world traditions with a few updates here or there," Suki replied.
"I'll allow it," I said with a wink.
"No lay down on this table and let me get you prepared," Suki instructed.
She strategically places some pillows under my head and the small on my back and then laid the tablecloth over the top.
"You are going to want your head back, and your back arched so you can accentuate those perfect tits of yours. Then bend your knees and lightly cross your ankles. You don't want to appear to easy you know," she said with a little giggle.
She began with placing the first pieces of salmon in a perfect circle around my areolas. She sat on my left side and began with my left breast. As she leaned across my body, she sensuously licked my right breast.
"Suki, you are driving me crazy, we don't have time for this," I lightly scolded.
"Ms. Stephanie, you have got me so horny though. I am not sure I can take it," Suki moaned back.
"Well, I will tell you what. We are in this together then. Make sure I am fully decorated in the next 10 minutes, and I will let you take the lead in instructing the boys as to how the evening will go. I will remain the mysterious woman and I will barely talk the entire time. I will leave it to you to be their exotic guide," I instructed.
"Oh, Ms. Stephanie, why are you so good to me?"
I could see out of the corner of my eye that she was lightly rubbing her pussy.
"Let me get a quick taste of that Suki."
"Of the sushi?" she asked.
"No, you little slut, of the pussy juice that is covering your fingers."
"Oh my God, I didn't even notice I was doing that. Of course," she said as she provided a little taste.
"One last thing Suki."
"What's that Ms. Stephanie?"
"Don't forget to have some fun yourself. If we are in this together and you are in charge of the game, I want to really see what kind of nasty whore you have inside you." I put it out there, hoping she would be receptive.
"Oh Ms. Stephanie, are you sure you are ready for that?"
"Suki..." I was now more intrigued than ever. "We have to focus. Eight minutes and counting."
Suki quickly and expertly decorated my entire body with sashimi, creating interesting patterns up my legs and on my stomach. She took extra care around my breasts and pubic area. Then she fanned my hair out to almost look like a beautiful seashell. She dropped six place setting around my body, two on each side and one at the head and foot of the table. It was 5:57. Boy did she work quickly.
"Three minutes Ms. Stephanie, and then you will all be Ms. Suki's submissives to do whatever I want," she said excitedly. I couldn't really move my head around, but I could hear her pull one of the chairs out. She sat down in it, and I could see her part my kimono and put her platforms on the table. She vigorously began rubbing her clit, as I could hear her moaning. I could tell she was approaching a quick orgasm when a knock on the door came. It was 5:59 PM. They were right on time.
Suki put her feet down and pushed in the chair.
"Wait," I told her. She looked back at me quizzically. "There are starving children all over the world. Don't waste what is on your hand please. One last taste for Ms. Stephanie," I said as she guided her fingers into my mouth. Oh, her juices tasted so sweet. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I have no idea what I am in store for, but I have never been so wet in my entire life.
Suki turned on the perfect Japanese music on her phone through my Bluetooth speaker and dimmed the lights. She walked toward the door and slowly opened it. The guys looked surprised not to see me greet them.
Suki played it perfectly. "Good evening, Irasshaimase. How can I help you tonight?" she said in a soft and innocent voice.
"Uhhh, a lady named Stephanie invited us over to have sushi with her," the boy I met earlier that day stammered.
"Oh. There must be some sort of misunderstanding," Suki said, as the look on their faces briefly turned sour. "You see, Ms. Stephanie did not want you to have sushi with her, she meant she wanted you to have it on her," as Suki slowly opened the door to reveal me laying on the table with my perfect 36DD breasts arched toward the ceiling, my entire body covered in sashimi.
"Holy shit Matt. We have hit the motherload. Where did this hot piece of ass come from?" the boy named Adam yelled.
Suki immediately took control of the situation. "Silence," she yelled. We are not at the fraternity house boys. Ms. Stephanie is one of the most elegant and accomplished ladies in all the world. You will treat her with respect, and you will do exactly as you are instructed. Do you understand?" Suki sternly laid down the law.
"Yes, Ma'am. I'm sorry. I just, I just..."
"Never ate sushi off a naked lady before?" Suki finished his sentence.
"Yeah, that...among other things," the boy named Bill muttered under his breath.
"What does that mean?" Suki asked.
"Well, you see, not only has Adam over there never ate sushi off a naked lady before, but Adam has never even..."
"That's enough Bill. Let's leave poor Adam alone. Besides, by the looks of things that is all going to change in the next few hours here," the boy named Tom said.
"Silence!" Suki yelled again. It took everything I had to not break out laughing. This was certainly going to be interesting.
"Again, respect, gentlemen. I am not going to have this be some drunken quarter beer night at your local campus watering hole," Suki commanded. "Here are the rules. You will each sit in a chair around Ms. Stephanie. You will introduce yourselves one by one and let her know your name, your age, and let's see, something fun. I will need to know your body count and how old you were when you first lost your virginity."
The guys began to roar a bit, as Suki yelled silence again.
"Sit down. Let's begin."
The boys all scurried to their seats. Suki poured everyone a glass of ice water. Then she grabbed a bottled of plum wine and poured six glasses. Finally, she asked if everyone liked hot sake. Once affirmed, she poured those glasses. She and Yoshi thought of everything, I thought to myself as a laid in anticipation for what would happen next.
"Let's start with you," Suki said as she pointed to Matt, the boy I met on the beach.
"Well, my name is Matt. I am 22 years old, and I am a senior at Indiana University," he stopped and waited for his next instructions.
"Matt, your body count please," Suki demanded.
"Well, I have never been in the military Miss."
Suki laughed. "Body count has nothing to do with the military Matt. I can see I am going to have to teach you all just about everything tonight," Suki said a bit sarcastically. "How many ladies have you had the pleasure of bedding in your lifetime?" Suki asked.
"Ohhhh, that kind of body count. Well, four I believe," as he fumbled through his fingers counting on his right hand. And I lost my virginity when I was 19."
"Very good Matt," Suki replied. "Now you get your first helping. But first you get what we like to call am amuse bouche, a little appetizer." Suki pulled up the rolling chair she had taken from the desk and placed it next to Matt. She sat in it and opened her kimono, exposing her perfectly shaved pussy. Her clear heels were on each side of the arms of his chair.
"You get one lick as your first taste," Suki instructed. The rest of the boys began to slap and hoot and holler.
"Silence!" Suki yelled again. God she was good. This is going to be fun.
Everyone settled down and Matt placed his head between Suki's legs and slowly licked from the bottom to the top of her slit.
"Now, be a good gentleman and go share that with Ms. Stephanie," Suki instructed. Matt got up and walked over to my left side and began slowly kissing my mouth. The sweet taste of Suki's pussy was enough to make me want to reach my hand between my legs and rub one out right there, but I knew I had to be patient.
"Very good Matt. You can now take any piece of fish that you would like. Once you remove it, you must clean up after yourself and lick that spot clean with your tongue before you eat the fish."
Matt went directly for one of the pieces on my left breast. He picked it up with his chop sticks and put it on his plate. Then he returned his tongue to my nipple and circled it twice, leaving it completely erect.
"Very good Matt. Now you can eat," Suki informed him.
"Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening. What a night," Matt remarked.
"Matt, comments like this are not acceptable. Let's pretend we have all done this before please. The more you comply, the more fun we will all have tonight. Do you all understand?"
"Yes Ma'am," they all said at once.
"Now, it is your turn," Suki pointed at Bill.
"I'm Bill, I'm 20 years old and I also go to Indiana University. My body count is two and I lost my virginity at 18 years old," Bill said nervously.
"Very good Bill. You follow instructions well. Since Matt decided to eat off Ms. Stephanie's breast, your amuse bouche is going to be for you to caress and kiss my left breast. Then you will give a taste to Ms. Stephanie and select your piece of fish. Are you clear?"
"Yes Ma'am," Bill said as he approached Suki, who's kimono was now just open. He cupped her left breast with his hand and slowly place his mouth around her perfectly round areola on her 34C breasts. As he pulled away, he gave her a little nibble on her nipple. "Ooo, a biter. I like that Bill. Now please give Ms. Stephanie a taste of Ms. Suki's left breast."
Bill came to my right side and began kissing my mouth. Suki was so exotic. She must have had some sort of lavender scented edible lotion on, as it tasted heavenly in my mouth. Matt went for a piece of fish around my navel. After he picked up the fish, he returned and sensuously placed his tongue in my naval and swirled it around twice. I could feel the juices building in my pussy.
Next she pointed to the boy at the foot of the table. "I'm Tom and I am 22 years old. My body count is eight women, and I lost my virginity at 17 years old."
"Tom, since Bill decided to eat from Ms. Stephanie's stomach, you must take a shot of sake from my naval. Bill, can you assist me?" Suki asked as she hopped up on the buffet cabinet next to the table. She handed Bill the bottled of sake and instructed him to pour some into her waiting naval. "Now Tom, please drink."
Tom eagerly slurped up the body shot of Sake. He proceeded to my foot, removed the piece of sushi and put it on his plate and then slowly massaged my foot as he put my big toe into his mouth and sucked on it. He must have known I have a thing for feet because I began to squirm. In danger of having the fish slide off me, Suki took control of the situation.
"Thank you Tom, that will be all."
"I'm Steve, I'm 21 years old. I have been with six different women, and I lost my virginity at 18 as well."
"Steve, since Tom went for the feet, I would like to ask you to remove your shoe." He took off his shoe and Suki went over and began massaging his foot. He had a look of complete pleasure on his face as she swiftly rubbed his arch. Then she positioned herself, standing over his legs with her legs spread on the outside of the chair arms. She slowly inserted his big toe into her pussy. She let out a slight moan. The guys again began to gasp.
"Silence! Let me enjoy this moment without your comments," Suki barked. She slid his big toe in and out of her gash a few times and then removed it. "Very good Steve. You may now have your first helping. Steve went for a piece that was on my inner thigh. He licked up and down from just above my knee joint all the way to my aching nub. I could not wait for the real fun to begin, but I was still enjoying how Suki was pacing the night.
Suki pointed to the boy at the head of the table. He was the most handsome of all of them. "I'm Ryan. I'm 22 and I am from Indiana University as well. My body count is twenty-two and I lost my virginity at 15 years old."
"Jesus Ryan, you whore," Tom called out.
"Silence Tom. There is nothing wrong with a high body count or starting early. For that little outburst, you will sit out next round," Suki scolded.
"Sorry Ma'am. It won't happen again," Tom apologized.
"Ryan, I must take advantage of this experience. Since Steve went for the inner thigh, I would like you to lick my pussy for just 4 short licks and give Ms. Stephanie a taste. Then select your fish."
Suki sat back in the rolling chair as Ryan buried his head in her snatch. She grabbed the back of his head and rubbed her juices all over his face. He looked almost drunk when he staggered up to kiss me. Oh, that Suki, so elegant, yet so nasty all at the same time.
Ryan went for a piece right up by my collar bone and neck. He expertly licked my neck as Suki reminded him, no hickeys.
"That leaves just you, our last gentlemen," Suki said.
The boy stammered, "I am Adam, I'm 19 years old and I, I, I..."
"Adam are you still a virgin?" Suki asked.
"Yes Ma'am."
"Well, that is so sweet. Is it Ok if we change that tonight for you?"
"Please Ma'am. That would be incredible," Adam said excitedly.
"Well, let's not get to ahead of ourselves. We will certainly give you a night to remember. Come here." He approached Suki. "While Ms. Stephanie does not want any hickey's I am going to give you one to commemorate your first night."
Suki pulled Adam's face toward her and swooped in for the neck. She expertly licked and lightly bit him for about 2 minutes. As she pushed him away, you could see the red bruise developing. Anyone sitting next to him on the plane on the way home would know what he was up to tonight.
As I expected, Adam went right for my right breast, clumsily licking my areola like the novice that he was.
"That's good gentlemen. You all passed round one," Suki stated. Let's move things along here. For the next few rounds, you must do the same thing. Remove the fish and then clean the area you selected with your tongue. Tom, remember that you must sit out a round. While you do that, I will be preparing myself for our next phase."
With that, the boys continued eating, running their tongues over my breasts, neck, stomach and thighs. I felt amazing and they ravished my body. If this was just the beginning of the night, I could not wait to see what Suki had planned for the rest of the evening. At this point, I was a slut in heat, and I needed to get thoroughly fucked.
As the boys were eating, I noticed that Suki had parked herself in the rolling chair and began to masturbate. She sensuously slid her fingers up and down her slit while intermittently circling her clit. Every so often she would bring her fingers to her mouth and lick them clean. She was so wet that I could hear the squishing sounds.
The boys were doing well, and the fish was almost gone, which had to signal the beginning of dessert. I could barely contain my excitement.
"Ok boys, it is time to sit down for dessert in the other room," Suki commanded. Everyone got up and moved to the other room with couches and the King-sized bed. "Boys, sit on the couches please. Ms. Stephanie, please lie on the bed and spread those beautiful legs of yours."
Suki casually strolled into the room, still fingering her pussy. She walked up to Matt and inserted two fingers in his mouth, which he eagerly sucked on. "Are you all having fun yet?" Suki asked.
"Yes Ma'am," they all said in unison. Boy did she have them trained well. "Here is how dessert works. Your dessert will be Ms. Stephanie and myself. You will take turns fucking Ms. Stephanie first. The reason why I asked you about your body count was to determine how many strokes you get to thrust into her pussy before passing the baton to the next guy. So, we will start with Bill. He will get 2 strokes, then we move onto Matt with 4 strokes, Steve will be next with 6 strokes, Tom will follow him with 8 strokes and then Ryan will be last with a whopping 22 strokes. Then we will repeat this until someone comes in Ms. Stephanie's pussy. You see she and I like cream pies for our dessert.
Applause erupted for this plan. "Silence!" Suki yelled. "I will instruct you when it is appropriate to make noise."
"But, Ms. Suki, what about Adam? He doesn't have any strokes. He is a virgin," Ryan asked.
"Well boys, Ms. Stephanie is a woman of experience, and she needs men of experience," Suki stated as a matter of fact.
"Well, I guess you are out of luck old buddy," Bill said, razzing Adam again.
"That's not how this game works Bill. It will be a competition of sorts. You see Adam gets to fuck Ms. Stephanie," Suki explained.
"But if he is a virgin and doesn't get any strokes, how is that possible?" Tom asked.
"Well, it is simple. While you all are fucking Ms. Stephanie, Adam gets to fuck me. He will fuck me continuously, while you all fuck Ms. Stephanie stroke by stroke. If Adam comes first before any of you come, then your evening is over. Adam will then get to fuck Ms. Stephanie while you watch with your blue balls. Then when he comes for a second time, we will have a car take you all to the airport to catch your plane. You see, I hate when frat boys make fun of their virgin brothers. You shouldn't have been so mean to him Bill. I have a soft spot for virgins."
"Way to go Bill, you fucked this up for all of us," Ryan said.
"No, not necessarily. Ms. Suki, what happens if Adam can outlast us?" Matt asked.
"Well then the fun continues. If one of you comes first in Ms. Stephanie, then Adam gets to join your group. He will get as many strokes as Ryan, since I will have given him plenty of experience. Whoever came first must get hard again and start fucking me while you continue the train on Ms. Stephanie. Here is the trick though. Someone new has to come in Ms. Stephanie first before anyone can come in me a second time. That is unless, Adam can't outlast you all at the beginning," Suki said while I listened intently. "Make sense? It is like musical chairs. To finish the train and have each of you come twice, Adam would have to be the last person to come in me."
"Oh, I get it. So, if one guy squirts too early, we are all out," Steve said.
"That's right Steve," Suki said. "Ms. Stephanie and I each want to have six loads in our pussy by the time you leave here. If you do, then Ms. Stephanie said she would pick up your hotel room costs as a special gift to you for satisfying us." I almost couldn't contain my laughter. Suki was really taking this dominatrix job seriously.
"Oh, and one more thing. You can earn extra strokes for creatively talking dirty to us, and you can choose to fuck any of our three holes that you would like. But remember, you can only come in me after a new person has come in Ms. Stephanie. Then wait your turn for whoever is fucking me to come, or else dessert is over, and you all go to the airport. Why don't you all take a minute and go in the dining room to get undressed and plan your strategy," Suki suggested.
The guys went back into the dining rooms. We could hear them rustling about and talking.
Suki came over to the bed and pulled me by the ankles so that my ass was at the end of the bed. She buried her face in my pussy and licked me sensually. "You nasty slut. Nice touch with the game. Have you done this before?" I cooed to her as she ate my pussy.
"You are not the only horny vixen on this island Ms. Stephanie. How do you think a simple waitress can afford to drive around in a Tesla?" Suki asked.
"Shut up and lick my pussy you little whore," I said to her with a giggle.
In the other room, the boys seemed concerned. "Adam you better not fuck this up for us, you stupid little virgin," Bill said sternly. "I told you we shouldn't have brought him on this trip guys."
"Shut up Bill," Matt rebuked. "Adam, you can do it buddy. Just pace yourself and if you feel yourself getting that tingly feeling in your dick, just pull out and have her blow you for a bit or something. We got this guys. Just communicate so everyone can use their strokes wisely." And just like a bunch of stupid fraternity guys, they all put their hands in the middle. We heard them count to three and yell, "Let's fuck!"
They came back in the room naked. First Suki and I knelt in the middle of the floor. She instructed them to circle around us so we could size up their cocks and make sure they were good and hard. I eagerly went right for Ryan's with his twenty-two body count. He had a nice 8-inch dick and was well built. I could see why he got all the ladies. Suki took care of Bill who had an average 5 and 1/2 inch cock. She licked all the way up and down his shaft and then deep throated him for a few seconds.
"Show off," I scoffed at her. "Watch this." I pulled Steve near me. He was the most well hung of the group at about 9 inches. Nothing compared to my mystery man's 11 incher from last night, but 6 cocks at once should be more than enough to satisfy me. I immediately took him all the way down my throat. That is one advantage to not having a gag reflex.
"Holy shit, I am going to come," Steve yelled.
"No, don't do that," they all screamed at once, as he pulled out of my mouth.
At this point they were all rock hard. Suki and I laid side by side on the King bed. Bill entered me just as Adam slid his cock into Suki. "It's time boys," Suki instructed.
Adam began with a good pace, sliding in and out of Suki's pussy. "Oh my God, I can't believe how good this feels," he screamed in euphoria.
Bill grabbed me around the neck and thrust hard with his two strokes while saying, "I am going to fuck your slutty little hole all night Ms. Stephanie."
"Very good Bill, you just earned yourself 4 extra strokes," Suki informed him.
Matt grabbed my arm, "turn over you little bitch and let me fuck your tight asshole." He flipped me, spit in my ass, inserted two fingers and got me lubed up and used his four strokes in my butthole.
"Very good Matt, you earned an extra 6 strokes for that," Suki tallied.
Meanwhile Adam was just in heaven sliding in and out of Suki. I was hoping this poor kid could hang on so that I could get all six loads in me. Anything less would have been a complete disappointment.
Steve was next with his six strokes. He grabbed my ankles and pushed them towards the ceiling. He alternated his six strokes between my ass and my pussy. "Do you like it better in your ass or your pussy Ms. Stephanie? I want to please my dirty whore tonight."
Suki liked that and gave him 10 extra strokes. Everything just slid in and out so easily as I had been wet all day between my own masturbation, Suki's expert pussy licking and then the anticipation of this train running through me.
Tom came up to me and grabbed me by the back of the head and forced my mouth on his cock. He had a solid 7-inch cock, and I immediately deep throated him. "Lick my shaft you nasty little come slut. Make it nice and wet so I can fuck that skanky little pussy of yours," as he began to thrust his cock into my gash.
"Well played Tom, 15 extra strokes for you," Suki awarded.
Adam looked like he was getting close to coming. He began saying, "Yes Ms. Suki, yes."
Then Ryan tagged in on me. He was the most experienced and I could tell he would know just how to time this. He measured two really long strokes with his 8-inch dick and then began sliding with a nice rhythm. He got up to 16 strokes and pulled out. He pulled my hand onto my clit and said, "let me see you rub one out Ms. Stephanie." He simultaneously inserted his two middle fingers upside down in my pussy and immediately found my G-Spot. He slid them in and out, applying just the right amount of pressure and I circled my clit vigorously with my hand. I could feel an intense orgasm building up inside me. Was I about to unleash my newfound squirting superpower on all these young boys. Ryan seemed to know exactly what he was looking for as he pumped his fingers in and out of me hitting my G-Spot while he wanked his own cock. I could feel the pressure building as my breath became more frequent. My moans became louder, and I yelled, "I'm coming," just as Ryan withdrew his fingers, I delivered a steady stream of my squirt all over his chest and face.
"Holy shit! That was awesome," I heard one of the other guys yell as Ryan stuffed his cock back in my pussy and he yelled at me, "count down from six you nasty cunt."
"Six, five, four, three, two..." I panted.
"I'm coming!" Ryan yelled as he pumped my pussy full of the first huge load of the night. I shuddered in my second orgasm as the entire room cheered. Ryan exploded just before Adam was ready to blow in Suki.
"Pull out dude, we did it. It is off to the races," Ryan yelled.
Adam pulled out and got in line behind his fraternity brothers that were banging me. Meanwhile, Suki cleaned up Ryan's cum stained cock with her mouth, getting him hard again so he could fuck her.
Matt stood me up and threw me against the wall. He used his right arm to hold my left arm behind my back while he thrust his left forearm into the back of my neck. I could tell he was an anal guy, because went right for my tight asshole, pounding it from behind. He fucked my ass back and forth for about 16 strokes before Steve tagged in and grabbed me and had me ride him cowgirl on the bed.
Ryan followed suit with Suki and flipped her, so we were both facing the wall above at the head of the bed. We grabbed for each other and began making out while we rode their cocks. Our pussies were both a sloppy mess. Ryan turned and looked at Steve and said, "I'm getting close dude. You gotta come first or this is all over." Just then Steve yelled at the top of his lungs unleashing the second amazing load in my pussy. This gave Ryan the clearance to come again in Suki without ending the train game. He spurt his second load of the night into Suki wonton pussy. She shuddered having her first orgasm as well.
Steve moved over to Suki now and grabbed her by the back of the hair, completely destroying the beautiful bun she had in. "Suck my cock you little slut," as she worked to get him hard again.
Tom grabbed my ankles and stood up on the bed. Was he really going to pile drive me? "Let me fucking plow you, you skank. How many men have been in this skanky pussy of yours?" I loved his dirty talk. It reminded me of what a slut I love to be. Getting men worked into these frenzies is what really turns me on. "Oh, fuck me hard, you fucking simp," I demanded.
He pounded me with all his might. My shoulders were braced on the bed as I was nearly inverted. It didn't take him long and I think we forgot about all the strokes by now anyway. It was just an all-out fuck fest. Tom blasted me with his juices into my crowded pussy. I had never fucked three different guys in a day, let alone had all their loads in me at once. Then I remembered, I was only halfway. "I'm coming," yelled Tom, just as Steve yelled the same thing and dumped load number two into Suki. Close, call I thought. Glad I could squeeze it out of Tom in the nick of time.
Bill was next and pulled me over to the large chair in the living area. He sat down and instructed me, "face forward and ride my cock slut. I want to see your ass while I fuck the shit out of you." I rode him reverse cowgirl. He must have felt all his brothers come dripping onto his thighs from my wet pussy. At this point, no one seemed to care. It was a total bacchanalia as pussy juice and come were flowing everywhere.
Meanwhile, I watched Tom rail Suki in the ass, "let me fuck your ass you little exotic doll. You like having my cock in your forbidden hole?" Suki moaned yes, and he railed her in the ass.
Tom yelled, "Bill, you close? I can't hold on much longer." Just then Bill stood up from the chair. I was bent over in a downward dog position, taking load number four in my sloppy pussy. "Yessssss," he screamed.
Suki yelled to Tom, "don't come in my ass, come in my pussy. I am saving that for something special." Tom course corrected and let a load loose in Suki's pussy.
Matt approached me. I looked him in the eyes, with my black mascara smeared like a total hooker after a long night's work. "What do you have for me stud?" I asked him.
"I want to taste your squirt. Can you work one up for me?" he asked.
"Grab my Hitachi," I commanded. He grabbed my Hitachi wand off the night stand. I turned it on and went to work while I instructed him on what to do with his fingers. The key is having those middle fingers find my G-Spot. He took instruction well and Ryan who had blown two loads already was giving him pointers. I could feel it building. I told him, "when I tap you on the shoulder, get ready because it is coming." He nodded eagerly.
The Hitachi was doing its job as I could feel my pussy filling to the brim. I tapped him on the shoulders, and he assumed the position with his face between my legs and his mouth open. "Ahhhhhhhh," I yelled as a steady stream of come squirted from my pussy into his mouth.
He swallowed some and then immediately came and transferred the rest into my mouth with a deep kiss. The salty taste was amazing, and it didn't take him long to blast the fifth load of the night in my pussy.
Bill had been fucking Suki doggy style so he could get a good view of my squirt fest. Seeing me squirt all over Matt's face made him just about lose his mind as he dumped another load into Suki's pussy.
Matt moved over to Suki grabbed her by the hair. He marched her over to the balcony and instructed Ryan to open the door. "Ever fuck in public you little bitch?"
"This isn't my first rodeo cowboy," Suki said not missing a beat. I laughed a bit as I lay on my back awaiting Adam, our little inexperienced one. These guys thought they were studs until they encountered two whores like Suki and me.
Suki was getting railed from behind with her tits hanging over the balcony. Anyone walking to or from the restaurant would have a perfect view of this exhibitionism if they just looked up to the tenth floor.
Now it was time for Adam to enter me. "How do you want me honey?" I asked him as he looked a bit shy.
"I'm just happy to be along for the ride Ma'am," he said politely. I took the rains and laid on my back. He slid his cock in and out of my ridiculously lubricated pussy, with five loads sloshing around at once.
"Just keep stroking and enjoy the ride Adam. You will finally get to feel what it is like to come in a woman's pussy," I told him.
For someone that walked into this evening a virgin, he was doing such a good job. "Adam you are really talented, and you have a nice cock," I said to give him some encouragement. He slid his 7-inch rod in and out of me. I could tell he was barely hanging on, when finally, the largest explosion I had ever felt blew inside my cunt.
"Holy shit," I yelled. "That was amazing."
"Thanks Ma'am I haven't come in over a month. I gave up masturbation for Lent," he said innocently.
I couldn't contain my laughter. "Well thank you for saving that load for me Adam. It was incredible. Suki are you almost ready for Adam to give you some of that former virgin come?" I yelled as she was getting railed from behind by Matt.
"I'm coming!" yelled Matt as I could see Suki's legs shudder, taking her 5th load of the night.
"Ready," she panted as she limped back into the bedroom.
It was now time for Adam to complete the train. I had six loads in my pussy and Suki had five.
"Gentlemen we have almost reached the end. Ms. Stephanie has six loads in her pussy, and I have five. Adam are you ready to send this train into the station?" Suki asked.
Adam nodded eagerly as the guys all cheered. "Now fuck me in the ass and give me a big load in my butt," Suki commanded.
I reached into my pussy and lubed my fingers with some come and rubbed it over Adam's cock. He easily slid it into Suki's asshole and stroked back and forth. I sat back against the headboard of the bed masturbating, watching him take her from behind. The rest of the guys were either standing up stroking their cocks or sitting on the couch.
What a climax this was all building toward. Adam stroked in and out of Suki's ass while I worked my magic fingers on my clit. "Anyone getting close?" I yelled out as I could feel another squirt brewing inside of me.
I heard multiple people mumble that they were. "Here's how this ends boys. If we all time it right, I am going to squirt on Suki and Adam while he blows in her ass. I want to Ryan and Tom to come on my tits, while Matt, Steve and Bill come on Suki's face. Can we all do that and make it a grand come finale?" That was the CEO in me, taking charge and giving direction.
Everyone cheered and we continued to work together. "I am going to count it down from ten boys. Everyone get in position. Ten, nine, eight..." everyone was pumping their shafts with aggression. "Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one...". Just then everyone let out a huge yell. Anyone in the hallway would have worried that there was an MMA fight going on in the room. I unleashed my third squirt of the evening and drenched Suki's hair and Adam's chest. Ryan and Tom dropped their third load of the day all over my 36DD tits and Suki took three hits to the face, absolutely covered in come. Adam shot his load into her tight asshole as we all collapsed in ecstasy.
"Holy shit. We did it. Adam, Adam, Adam..." the boys all praised their former virgin brother.
Just then, Ryan yelled, "Holy crap, we are going to miss our flight."
Suki laughed and said, "don't worry Ryan, Ms. Stephanie has so generously arranged for you all to take a limo right to the airport so you can make your plane. It departs from the lobby in five minutes so hurry up and get dressed. Thank you for joining us and playing the train game. You should all be proud of yourselves. You did such a good job."
Suki came over and gave me a huge hug. I swiped the come off her face with my pointer and middle finger and sucked it down my throat. The boys all scurried to get dressed and get in the limo I had prearranged. We said our goodbyes. They all asked if they would ever see us again. Suki just smiled and said, "I bet you will see us every night for the rest of your lives in your dreams boys."
As the door closed, Suki poured us each a glass of plum wine. She came over and sat on the bed. "Cheers Ms. Suzanne, if that is even your real name," she said with a furtive glance.
"A good slut never tells Suki; a good slut never tells."
"Well neither of us have had anything to eat yet. Are you hungry?" Suki asked me.
"Why don't we have dessert first and then order a pizza?" I suggested.
Right on cue, Suki said, "I have never had six cream pies for dessert in one night, but there is a first time for everything." She pushed me back on the bed and buried her face in my pussy, lapping up six hot loads of come. She expertly licked me to my final orgasm of the night. Her face looked like a glazed doughnut.
"May I return the favor Suki?"
"I thought you would never ask, Ms. Suzanne."
I dipped the tip of my finger into her waiting slit and sucked on it for a second before diving headfirst into her gash. I lapped up the five loads in her pussy and then flipped her over. I went to the fridge and pulled out some chocolate syrup that I had ordered earlier and drizzled it on the small of her back, so it ran down her butt crack. Then I slowly rimmed her asshole, taking Adam's final load mixed with chocolate syrup into my mouth. I probed my tongue deep in Suki's asshole. "Oh Ms. Suzanne, you are so amazing."
Suki's hand drifted to her pussy as she rubbed out one final orgasm as well. We collapsed in each other's arms and just started laughing.
"When will you be back to the Islands Ms. Suzanne?" Suki asked.
"No plans just yet, but maybe we can take another trip together someplace else," I offered.
"I'd like that Ms. Suzanne. There are only so many old farts I can fuck for money on this island before I need young dick like tonight," Suki explained. "Besides, I need you to teach me how to squirt like that."
"That sound amazing Suki. Let's make it a plan," as we drifted off to sleep in each other's arms wrapping up an amazing night.