Hey everyone, sorry for not posting for ages, we've been trying to find couples to play with as opposed to getting up to our exhibitionist mischief. Not to mention although summer, the weather has been quite bad every weekend so it hasn't been the appropriate weather to go out wearing something skimpy.
We did have one of our adventures a few months ago which I thought I'd finally share. Just a quick reminder about me, I'm 22, an Australian size 6-8, about 5'1" and about 110 pounds. I've got incredibly perky B to C cup breasts and quite hard prominent nipples that always seem to be hard. I work out 5 days a week so I've got a toned big booty from all the squats and have a small waist. I'm basically petite at the top which makes my boobs look big for my small frame but then I've got quite a big juicy booty which my boyfriend loves!
Anyway a while ago we had heard of this waterfall about an hour and a half from our place so we decided to go check it out. This usually means I wear very little and we try to get some pictures of me flashing.
I wore my tiny gym short shorts without panties of course. Up top I wore a white singlet without a bra. My hard nipples were very evident through the thin material of my singlet.
We spent an hour or so walking and exploring the nice scenic location. There were stairs leading down the walking track and whenever we were alone James would take the opportunity to have me flash my tits, ass or pussy, not to mention kiss me passionately and grope me. Not that I was complaining, flashing my body always gets me horny and his strong hands on my ass and tits were totally welcome!
There weren't too many people around but whenever any males would walk past their eyes would dart straight to my chest or James would catch them staring at my ass cheeks hanging out of my shorts once they'd walked past me. This would always get a chuckle out of me and give me that familiar tingling feeling in my pussy knowing I was turning these men on.
We got to about half way and found a relatively secluded spot. We could see quite far in both directions which meant I could cover up if people got too close.
I took out another singlet I had with the intention of changing, however where would I change? With a little encouragement from James I quickly looked around, made sure no one was around and whipped off my white singlet and put on my black one. This singlet was very skimpy. The straps were very thin and it was low cut. It's meant to be worn on top of another top or at least a bra but obviously where's the fun in that?
I stood up and modeled for James. The top was so low cut that it came down to under by boobs in the middle. I was almost showing all my boobs. My hard nipples were the only things keeping the top from uncovering both boobs. I felt James's crotch and smiled at how hard he was.
We decided to continue our walk however with every few steps (especially since we were now walking over large rocks) my nipples or even sometimes boob would pop right out. I'd notice sometimes and other times I'd have no clue. It was a mixture of excitement and nervousness. I enjoyed feeling free and the thought of something catching my "accidental" nudity was very exciting, however if you've read my other experiences, I'm always scared someone will not react well to my exhibitionist ways and cause a scene.
Every so often we would stop and I'd pose with my tits out. I'd wait, my heart thumping in my chest with my boobs out for all to see until James had snapped the picture and then quickly put them away, only to have him come over and whip them out again and kiss me while gently teasing my boobs. After about the third time my pussy was in desperate need of some attention. All the flashing and teasing of my nipples was getting me to that point where I just needed an orgasm!
We finally got to the waterfall and stood at the top. It wasnt very big and we could see a young couple at the bottom sitting down having a little picnic. I stood with my back to them and whipped out my boobs again. I'm not sure if they could tell what I was doing but it still felt quite exciting knowing they were so close and might know what I was doing. After James snapped a picture I walked over, still with my boobs out and looked at his phone. You could seem them in the background of the picture totally clueless to the fact I had just had my tits out.
My nipples were rock hard and we could hear a few guys coming our way. Not wanting to miss the moment we headed in their direction. It was two young men, probably around our age. I kept walking like nothing was wrong given the fact that my nipples could pop out at any moment. As they walked past me one of them looked straight at my chest and smiled. I don't know if my nipple was out or he was enjoying the copious amount of cleavage that was on show but it made me smile knowing he had checked me out.
We finally made our way back to the car park at the top of the walking trail and noticed a picnic area to our right. It seemed empty so we decided to have some fun. We walked to the furthest table and sat down.
There was still one more outfit I had yet to wear which was a totally see through top which was just long enough to cover my ass but not my pussy. James suggested I put it on so I did. I slid the thin straps of the black singlet off my shoulders and managed to easily take that off leaving my in my short shorts and this sheer top. It was a very sunny day so there was no hiding my boobs.
We weren't so close to the car park that people could make out my boobs but we were close enough to make me feel very exposed. What James asked me to do next made it all the more exciting and terrifying.
"Babe, take your shorts off too."
"No way!"
I instinctively said no. There was no way I was virtually going to be naked with people all but 50 meters away. James kept prodding me and I could feel my resolve melting. If you've read my other experiences you'll know that while I first object, I usually give in, not only to makes James happy but also deep down, I want to do it. I love the risk, the chance that someone sees me naked. It's that rush, that thrill that gets my pussy soaking wet and me wanting to push my boundaries.
Shaking I untied my shorts and slid them down to my ankles and quickly stepped out of them. I folded them and gave them to James and quickly sat down on the bench.
I couldn't believe it. I was wearing this sheer top and absolutely nothing else. The top was green with stripes. Not a bright green, more dull than anything. It wasn't long either. It was longer at the back so it covered my ass but it just covered my pussy, depending on how I stood.
I just sat there for a minute letting my current state of arousal and undress set in. It felt incredible to be almost naked. The sun felt amazing on my near naked body. The top was sheer but the bottom of the top didn't cling to me so I wasn't totally on show. My boobs were but from a distance, no one would be able to tell my ass and pussy was on show too. From up close, there was no hiding the fact I was naked under the top.
I first sat with my back to the car park. If anyone looked this way the most they could tell was that maybe I wasn't wearing a bra. I felt James's hand on my inner thigh gently caressing me and I instinctively spread my legs. I couldn't help it, I was so horny I needed relief. He gently traced a finger to my wet pussy and teased my pussy lips. I could feel little vibrations teasing my clit. I closed my eyes and moaned softly.
His right hand was teasing my pussy and his left was now teasing my right nipple. This was too frustrating! I needed more! I knew asking for more would only prolong his teasing so I sat back and just enjoyed his touch as well as my near nakedness.
"Stand up baby."
Not wanting to disappoint I stood up. I looked around and saw people walking to their car but I figured (and hoped) they were far enough they didn't realise my state of undress. I now stood almost naked. The sheer top did little to cover me especially given how sunny it was. I might as well have been naked.
James leaned me against the table with my back to the car park. He kissed me and drew me to him. I moaned in his mouth as his hands found my ass. I love my ass squeezed, massaged and groped and I gave in completely to his touch.
His right hand gently pushed my left leg and I knew what he wanted so I immediately spread my legs. His expert fingers once again started to teasing my pussy while his left hand continued groping my ass. The constant attention on my pussy and the fact I was almost naked in public was making this unbearable.
He then spun me around so that I as now facing the car park. I was stunned for a second and scared people would be able to see my boobs but any fear subsided when he lifted my top to expose my ass and started squeezing me once again. There were trees behind us so I knew no one would see my ass, yet the excitement of being so exposed was intense. I moaned as he groped my ass.
I was spun around again and his fingers now found my clit. I let out an audible moan as he expertly played with my clit. I was so wet that it felt amazing! I wanted, no needed to cum! His left hand was now under my top and was playing with both my nipples. While all this was happening I could hear people constantly parking or walking back to their cars. This just added to the experience!
Again I found myself facing the car park, the top up around my waist but now a finger in my wet, soaking pussy. Here I was, in public, almost naked with my pussy and ass uncovered with James's finger in my pussy. I didn't care if anyone could tell what was happening, I pushed back into James trying to force his fingers deeper into my pussy. Sensing how horny I was he slid another finger into my pussy and curved his fingers so he was hitting my g-spot. He gently massaged me getting me to the point of squirting before suddenly pulling out. Once again I let out an audible sigh but this time out of pure frustration.
I turned around and while still in my horny aroused state, kissed him passionately. I struggled with his belt and finally had his cock free of his shorts. His beautiful cock was rock hard and oozing pre-cum.
I knew I couldn't get down on my knees and suck his cock, though that's what I wanted most. I lifted my top to expose my freshly waxed pussy, still wet from my juices and rubbed his cock against my clit. It felt amazing! I didn't care who heard and I started moaning out loud as he took control now. His strong hands wrapped around my hips and he started thrusting, rubbing his cock against my pussy.
"Please slide it in," I begged.
I'm not sure if I've shared this detail before but we've been together for 3 years but yet to have sex. We're waiting till we're married. I knew this was as close as I was going to get till we were married but I can't help but beg in the desperate hope he would give in and fuck me! I just gave in and enjoyed the excitement that came with the fact I was in public, almost naked and now had James's cock rubbing against my dropping pussy.
"I want to see you naked," he said, and let me further into the trees.
We were now fully covered but couldn't see if anyone decided to venture to the bench that had just been at. If anyone did venture there, there would be n time for me to cover up.
As soon as we were behind the trees and could no longer see the cars I was instructed to shed my final piece of clothing. My heart was beating very loudly in my chest. The fear that someone could come by and I'd have no time to cover up, especially given our view was obstructed added to my excitement but also reluctance.
However like always the exhibitionist in me won out and I lifted the top over my shoulders and over my head and handed it to James. I now stood completely naked. Every noise made me jump as although we were hidden from the car park, it looked like there was a walking track behind us. I stood there posing for a few more pictures and went to put on my top when James was suddenly kissing me passionately. Never being one to miss out on a good make out session I wrapped my arms around him and pressed my naked body against him.
His hands immediately found my ass and I was once again moaning in his mouth as he squeezed and groped me. His hands felt so good on my naked body. He turned me around and his hands found my boobs, both hands massaging them. I pressed my ass into the prominent buldge in his shorts as he started gently teasing my nipples. His right hand slowly trailed down my body to my pussy and massaged my lips again.
He wasn't going to let me cum but just tease me and leave me frustrated. I wanted to push him away but I couldn't. I was enjoying his hands and the fact I was totally naked in public way too much.
Suddenly we heard what we thought were people coming our way so I quickly slid my shorts on put the sheer top on and we walked out to the picnic area like nothing had happened. We then walked to the car (past a number of people, a few who noticed my boobs through my sheer top had a good look) and drove home. As is usual after our adventures I was naked in the car as we drove home.
Anyway, hope you enjoy my adventure as much as I enjoyed reading it. Once again, everything in my stories are true with no embellishment. If you're a couple or female that also likes exhibitionist activities, feel free to email us. We regularly check our email and always respond to emails.