(This takes place the morning after Chapter 5.)
I woke up early, before the sky was very light. Maybe it was the unfamiliar feeling of sleeping next to someone, almost curled around her, in fact. Not a bad feeling, cuddling Micca like that, just different. I squirmed a little closer to her with the happy thought that I'd have plenty of time to get used to it.
I dozed for a while, then disentangled myself from her warm curves. We spooned together with me in the "big spoon" position, even though she's taller than me. That made it easy for me to get up without waking her. I pulled on that over-sized t-shirt and padded out to the kitchen.
That first cup of coffee was just for me. I stepped onto the balcony out back and enjoyed the dawning day. Normally, I'd never be seen wearing just that shirt. It doesn't cover me all that well. The railing around the balcony has a solid wall, though, so I wouldn't be flashing anyone.
The clock told me I should get breakfast under way. I had done most of the prep last night, so it went together pretty quickly. I had sauteed the mushrooms and shredded some cheese last night, so the mushroom omelet took about five minutes. I had already cut the fruit, too, the coffee was made, and all I had to do was make some toast.
Micca wasn't awake yet, so I crawled back into bed with her. After I got up, she had sprawled onto her back, but I found some room next to her. I lay on my side for a while, my head propped up on one elbow, and just looked at her. Warm mouth, hips with actual curves (unlike me), beautiful soft breasts falling a little to her sides, Micca has everything that makes a woman beautiful.
With Micca lying there like that, so open to me, I couldn't restrain myself very long. I reached out and placed the flat of my hand on her mons. She shifted a bit in her sleep, giving more room between her legs. I waited a minute or two, then started a gentle massage of her mons, light, circular pressure just where her labia divided. After a few minutes, I could feel the ridge of her clitoris under my fingers, and I worked back and forth across that. It seemed to swell as I played, and her mons and labia started to fill with a pillowy softness. I was a bit surprised that her body responded so much with no sign she was awake, but I was enjoying playing with her. Then there's that feeling of satisfaction you get knowing that you've caused this wonderful response in your lover's body.
Her hips seemed to press down into the bed, just a little, then relax. I continued the gentle massage, just as I had been doing it, and her hips tightened again. I think I caught the scent of her wetness, but kept on with what I was doing. Still asleep, her breathing got deeper. Her areolas thickened and little sounds came from her throat. I could feel her right at the edge. Then it came.
Her whole body rose in orgasm. I switched my gentle pressure to a firmer touch, and leaned down to take a perfect pink nipple into my mouth. Micca awoke into her orgasm. She gripped my head, and crushed my mouth into her breast. Her other hand covered mine, where I continued to touch. It took over her voice, too, moaning and gasping. A few moments later, I felt her body start to unwind. I still held pressure on her clit, but released her nipple and looked into her eyes. The gasping had relaxed into happy panting, almost laughing.
"Good morning Micca"
"ha ... ha ... good morning. Very good morning."
"Happy birthday pretty lady."
She lay panting happily, as if she'd already used the few words she had in her. The huge smile stayed, though, and she still looked into my eyes. Soon she tapped the hand I still had over her core, and managed to say. "Enough. That was incredible, but enough."
A moment later, she added "I've never done that before, waking up like that."
"I did, once, wake up in a wet dream. The part where it got wet."
"But this time, it was real, it was you, not just a dream!"
"I'll to do this more often then. By the way, are you hungry?"
"Ravenous. Something smells wonderful."
"I'll go get it. You just relax."
"Relax? As if I had a choice. I'm totally wrung out."
It took just a moment to bring back a tray with the omelet (we each got half), coffee, toast, and melon. Micca's eyes got big when she saw the melon spears, and she blushed all the way to the part in her hair. She took her plate and fork, and rather pointedly looked away from the dish of melon. She obviously remembered the last time.
We ate quietly, except for some appreciative noises from Micca. Still, throughout the meal, she kept looking sideways at the melon, then away again. We finished about the same time and put our plates back on the tray. She looked at the melon a little nervously and asked, "Is that for ... um..."
"Yes, Micca. It's for 'um'. But you do me this time."
She turned to me and gaped. I said, "I mean, you already had something this morning, and I never tried it on myself. I want to know what you felt that time. Is that OK? You already have me turned on like you wouldn't believe."
"Wow. That was incredible. You mean, just like last time, except I do you?"
"Almost. I thought we could start in a 69, and play while we're kissing each other. You know, with fingers and -"
Uncharacteristically, Micca cut me off. "And melon? Uh, OK I guess. We can try. How do we start?"
I lay down on my back, with my head facing her. "So you get up over me, so I can reach up and kiss your pussy." She flinched at the word; I guess it was a little coarse for her. Still, Micca knee-walked over to me and got herself above my head. A few adjustments later, she squatted down. I got my arms around her thighs, and her pink petals opened above me. Teasing, I blew on them. She squealed and flinched, but I had a good hold on her. "I'm sorry, I couldn't resist. You're beautiful, Micca." I inhaled deeply, "And your scent is beautiful too. Let me taste you, please."
She lowered herself the last inch, and the tip of my tongue ran between her labia. Another small flinch at that first touch, then she settled down. I nibbled her outer lips gently, and pressed my tongue up into the inner fold. I could just reach her vulva with my hands, and opened her. The next touch of my tongue went deep into her.
Micca moaned happily and seemed to go boneless at my intimate kisses. "Lin, do you really expect me to concentrate while you're doing that?"
"Just do your best, Micca." I already had my knees up and wide. She got down on her elbows and I felt the sides of her head against my thighs. I opened my legs some more, and she placed her first kiss: warm pressure on my mons, lips pressed just above my clit. I did about the same to her, to keep the intensity level low for the moment.
Soon, her tongue worked between my outer folds. She stopped for a moment. "Oh, Lin. I can taste you. So sweet, and I have your wetness in my mouth."
I tried to keep the pace comfortable for her, but I was eager. Soon, I worked up to deep kisses, covering my cheeks with her nectar. Moments later, she did the same, shyly at first then with more certainty. I took the next step and put my finger at the edge of her vagina, only the tip. She flinched and squeaked again, but just for a second. Then she tipped her hip up, and touched me, too. I worked her labia with my lips as I slid my finger into her, first one then two. Her clit had risen between my lips, and I felt waves of pressure building around my fingers. She kept her mouth on me, too, but seemed more and more distracted as her body responded to my kisses and fingering. Mewling sounds in her throat told me she was getting close.
Then with my other hand, I touched her anus. I used two fingers, flat, to press instead of entering. I shifted my touch, drawing little circles with my fingers She squirmed and got louder, muffled with her mouth pressed hard against me, gasping and rocking. I pushed her orgasm along, pressing hard with both hands and my mouth, feeling the rush of her wetness across my cheeks. Micca wasn't even trying to kiss me at that point, just holding her open mouth against my sex. I kept my mouth on her, too, my head following the motions of her hips. She wound down gradually, relaxing by inches, with occasional tremors. Then the tremors wound down, too. The only motion left in her was her soft nibbling at my labia. I withdrew my fingers from her vagina and bum, and just hugged her thighs.
I took my mouth off her for a moment and said, "Micca, I think I'm ready." It took her a moment to clear the sexual haze from her mind. The she lifted her head, reached for a melon spear, and returned her attention to me.
Then it was my turn to flinch. Micca paused and looked back at me. I said "Cold!" She smiled and went back to her task.
I had backed down to a steady pattern of gentle licking. Partly, I didn't want to distract Micca, but I also wanted to focus on my own feelings. The tip of the melon snagged at the edge of my vagina for just a moment. Micca wiggled and shifted the tip in, then started to press. In a centimeter, hold, then back out and in another centimeter. I felt the cool melon penetrate deeper into me, widening as it went in. Soon I could feel the curve the the melon slice, too, pressing toward my back and deeper in, toward my front.
Then it was in. The widest part had passed; instead of opening me, it turned to fullness. "Kiss me, Micca." She played with the melon, in and out, tilting this way and that. Then she took my clit between her lips. I felt the edge get closer as she played with me, inside and out. Micca did a great job following along as my hips started to rock. The tip of the melon had bottomed out inside me, and my rocking turned to quick, hard spasms. I could barely keep track of what my own mouth was doing; I think I pressed a lot harder than I meant to.
Micca let go of my clit for a moment, and I almost whined in frustration. Then she bit the end off the melon, a crunch that ran all the way into me. She let her chin rub my clit while she chewed, then bit again. That was it, that set me off. Instead of biting, she took the melon between her teeth and worked it in and out, in to that thing at the back of my vag, then out to the widest part of the toy. Fullness and open-ness alternated until they blended somehow into one huge sensation.
I was out of control. I pressed my mouth hard against her inner folds, and my head thrashed back and forth. The feeling kept rising inside me til it reached some peak, the one where I had to stop. "Enough, Micca," I panted. "Enough." It was all I could say. I flopped back on the bed, and felt Micca pull the melon clear of me. Once I could do more than gasp and twitch, I had to ask, "Micca, was it like that for you?"
She smiled over her shoulder at me and said, "No way to know. But it was pretty intense for me, and it looked pretty intense for you, too. Maybe yours and mine were alike."
We disentangled. Micca turned around and lay down on me, supporting most of her weight on her elbows. Our sloppy hips rubbed together, our sloppy faces kissed, and her heavy breasts pressed against me. We had earned our coatings of slickness and scent, and enjoyed what we had worked for. Soon, though, the wet spots on the sheets turned clammy. I was on the bottom, so I felt it first. We rolled to our side, still holding each other, still gazing into each other's eyes.
"You're a mess, a beautiful mess. Want to clean up?"
"Sure. The bed's a mess, too."
"Oh, yes. Let's get the sheets in the laundry and jump in the shower." The apartment had its own washer and dryer tucked in a small closet, so we didn't even have to dress to get that going.
I had imagined a quick shower, but there was a lot more touching and intimacy than actual washing required. Other times, that touching might have been to start making love. This time, it felt more like a continuation and reminder of what we'd been doing. Slippery, soapy hugs and hand sliding across skin, her amazing breasts and rising nipples. My fingers found her crevices, front and back, and I teased her for a moment. My body was exhausted, sexually, but the physical affection was still there and hard to let go of. I didn't want to let go, and it felt like Micca didn't, either.
Knowing what was coming later, I shaved my pits. Micca decided to do the same, so I reached out of the shower and got a fresh razor for her. Her labia were stubbly, too. I stroked her and asked, "Are you letting this grow back?"
"No, I was too busy the last few days to take the time."
"Do you want me to do it for you?"
She just smiled and handed me her razor. I got the can of gel and squirted some into my hand. When I turned around, Micca was leaning against the corner of the shower stall with one foot up on the side of the tub. I knelt in front of her and massaged the gel onto her. I worked the mons first, that lovely mound, then down. More gel on my hand, and I covered her labia, from the crease by her leg to the bit of fuzz just inside the fold. I did both sides, and all the way under her to the taint. I took my time, and Micca stroked my hair as I stroked her more intimately. Using the razor,I started at the top and worked my way down, I pressed one of her lower lips to the side, to get the bit by her leg, then the other way to get the bit that was almost inside her. I looked up once in a while, and saw her smiling at me. Once, she had her eyes closed and a far-away look. That part all the way under was a little trickier, but I knelt low and she bent her knees to open herself all the way. Finally, I used the sprayer to rinse the gel off -- and just to play a little more. Micca felt herself, perhaps checking my work, then lifted her hand and pulled me in for a kiss. Just a peck on the lips, but loving.
Eventually we turned off the water and towelled each other dry. My short hair didn't need more than the towel. For Micca, we both put robes on, sat her down, and I brushed and blow-dried until her hair was dry. Yes, that bit of grooming and touch felt like a calmer continuation of making love earlier: touch, nice feelings, and affection.
With Micca's things moved in and put away, we thought about what the apartment still didn't have. It was little stuff mostly: a plant stand, some kitchen things, curtains, a lamp or two for the main room. Even with all we'd done so far, it was barely mid-morning. We had plenty of time for these chores, before my birthday surprise this afternoon. We both dressed for the task and were off.
It took close to two hours to hit all the different stores for the mixed bag of a shopping list. When it came to plants, I wanted herbs and Micca wanted decoratives. Well, the apartment and small porch are big enough for both and neither of us felt like arguing. Once we got home, setting up took a lot less time than the shopping trip. We got picture hooks, too, and both of us had things to hang. Between the six or eight framed pieces, lamps, greenery, and curtains, the place looked a lot more comfortable. I was actually surprised at how a few little things made such a huge difference in how the apartment felt -- a tip to remember.
That put pretty close to lunch time. Micca asked,"What is there to eat?"
Our fridge was well-enough stocked, but I answered, "Italian food at Paolo's. It's not far, and it's something special for the birthday girl." The few weeks I'd been here before Micca arrived gave me a chance to scout things out.
"Italian? I'll take it. Let's go."
"It's your birthday, let's make an event of it. You know, dress up a little."
She smiled. "OK, what should I wear?"
"It's nice out. I think that blue skirt and a shirt would be comfortable."
"It's your show, Lin. Lead on."
I led to the bedroom, and stripped down. Micca started undressing too, and saw that I had even shed the underwear. "No undies?"
"Nah. It's a nice day. Let's go commando."
Micca looked at me for a moment, then went along. "If you say so. I'm glad that blue skirt is long enough that I won't be flashing everyone."
She turned to the closet but I took her hand. "And Micca, is it OK if you're 'adorned'?"
Micca took a second to figure out what I meant, then seemed uncertain until I added, "For me?" then she smiled and hugged me. "Yes, for you. I'll go put the small one in."
"Can I do it for you?"
"Yes, Lin. You may do it."
The bathroom had a door off the bedroom, with an intervening closet, so she headed that way. As before, she leaned on the sink deck facing the big mirror. I got out the box and lube, and asked, "Can you open up for me?" Micca reached back with one hand and spread her cheeks. In the mirror, I saw the second big blush of the day come over her, but she didn't say anything.
I put some gel on my finger and said, "This might be a little cold." I hadn't prepared as carefully as I did for her first experience of it. I touched her low and she twitched, but held still as I spread the goo around her anus. A little more on my finger and I said, "I'm going inside now." I saw a determined looking face in the mirror and touched her again. This time, the tip of my finger opened the little dark star, just a bit more goo, another touch, and I was in to the first knuckle. More goo, a third touch, and I passed her body's last barrier. I was in so far my hand pressed up between her cheeks.
I held her hip, partly for the comfort of touch, and rotated my finger. I wanted plenty of slickness deep inside. It might be a long afternoon. Then I picked up the toy, the small one, and pressed it in. Micca opened up after a moment, and barely blinked when it went all the way in. She stood up cautiously, and I handed her a tissue to wipe up the extra lube. She seemed to stake small steps going back to the bedroom, getting used to the feeling inside her.
While I was putting on a tan chino skirt, I saw Micca reach for a bra. "Commando?" I asked. "Full commando?" She shrugged and put the bra back in the drawer. She put on a short-sleeved white blouse with a little trim, then the skirt. I put on a white tube top and folded the edge under. My figure doesn't have as much to cover as some do. A summer-weight linen jacket finished the outfit, and I checked the mirror. I liked the look. The skirt was a half-shade lighter than my skin, the jacket a half-shade lighter than that, and the white top made a bright accent. Even I got lots of looks when I wear the top like that.
I ran my fingers through my hair, grabbed my purse, and was almost set to go. One more thing from the bathroom went in my purse and I joined Micca at the door. I was glad neither of us cared much about makeup; that could have taken forever. We both chose sandals and were out the door. Micca moved a little stiffly, without the usual swing to her hip, but had reason enough for that.
I knew Micca's breasts would bounce as we walked, even with her arms crossed under them for support. Maybe mine do too, a little, but she had a lot more softness under her shirt. I loved that womanly movement, and loved that she was doing it for me. A few others glanced at her, sometimes more than glanced, but I was the one with her her, enjoying the whole time we walked together.
She had loosened up a lot by the time we reached Paolo's. A back deck overlooked a park, and the hostess guided us to a shaded table with a great view. I heard a click when Micca sat down, the toy hitting the chair. At that, Micca sat up very straight and looked nervously around. Only I seemed to have noticed. Micca still sat very straight as we read the menu. I liked the way she was always aware of the toy inside her. I liked the feeling it gave her rear. I really liked the way it and I were always on her mind, something she couldn't really ignore, not for a moment.
My pasta had mushrooms and plenty of garlic, I think hers was clams and white wine. We each had a salad and a glass of prosecco. The waitress asked if we wanted refills when she saw our glasses empty, and I said 'yes' before Micca could respond. I thought that second glass would help with what came next. I ordered tira misu for desert, and she had the sherbets. Micca stood to go to the ladies' while we waited for the desserts. As she turned to go, I said, "Wait Micca."
I rummaged in my purse for that little wallet I had tucked away, I handed it toward Micca, and she seemed to object. "Oh, I don't need..."
I cut her off. It wasn't tampons. "Just take it, Micca. You might need it." She didn't know, but it was wet wipes and lube, in case she needed to take the toy out.
When she came back, she passed it back to me. "I might have needed it. I didn't, but I might have. Thanks."
When we had finished, we left the restaurant and continued in the direction we'd been heading. Micca looked at me with a cocked eye, and I answered, "It's a surprise."
It was a fifteen minute walk, not far, but far enough to get beyond the high-rent downtown area. Some post-industrial buildings housed boutiques, craft shops, and some other businesses just getting started, the kind of places that could afford the rents here. We window shopped as we walked, but I told Micca, "We can go in on our way home. We have an appointment just ahead."
The address turned out to be a non-descript door in what might have been a warehouse once. The name plate, "DeeAnne Larsen, Photography," showed that I had found the right place, so I rang the doorbell. A moment later, I heard it unlock and saw it open. A forty-ish woman with curled blonde hair, tight jeans, and a white shirt greeted us. "Ms. Huang? Huang Lin?"
"Lin, that's me." I smiled at the family-name-first greeting. "And this is Micca."
Micca gave a small wave and shy smile. "Hi."
"I'm Dee. C'mon in, c'mon in." Her easy southern drawl gave her a warm sound. "So you're here for some pictures today."
She guided us to a seating arrangement, comfy chairs, a sofa, and a coffee table. "That's right. It's Micca's birthday, and I wanted to do something special with her. I thought some nice photos would be fun." Micca flinched a little as she sat on the soft cushion, but at least didn't make any tell-tale sound.
"Well, happy birthday honey! I won't ask how old you are, that would be telling. What kind of images did you have in mind?"
"Wow, I don't even know what to ask for. What do you think?"
"Honey, it's all up to you. Here are some of the things I've done with other people." She pulled a fat white binder from the lower deck of the coffee table.
We started thumbing through the photos. "Take your time, honey, I'll be right back. Anything to drink? Water? A glass of wine?"
"Wine for me. Do you have white?" Dee nodded. "How about you, Micca?"
"Um, wine I guess."
There was a lot to choose from. Single poses, head-shots, seated or standing. Lots of couples, men, women, or mixed. Lots of different skin tones, too, to show anyone who walked through the door that she'd do a good job for them. The first pictures were all taken in the studio, but later shots were often outdoors or apparently in people's homes. Well, here we are in the studio, so that narrows things down. "Micca, what do you think?"
"I like these." She flipped back a few pages to some head-and-shoulders photos. "This one. Maybe she looks a little like me, but gorgeous in this picture." Flipped a few pages more, and pointed to some pictures with two women, one seated, one standing. "Look at the way they hold hands. It's like their touching is the most important thing to see. And this one." Two different women. "Look at how they're holding each other, like there's no one else in the world."
Dee came back about that point, with real glasses in hand and a bottle of pinot grigio, cold and dewy. "Here we go, girls." She poured, distributed the glasses, and held hers up."To the birthday girl! Let's make your special day extra special! So, what looks good to you?"
Micca seemed to be getting more comfortable with the situation. She point to the ones we talked about, and said "I like these, the way they hold each other. And this one." The two women held each other, one in front and one in back, from the camera's view. The one in back didn't have a shirt on, but her friend's position kept the picture tasteful. "And this one's really romantic." The same couple, but kissing.
Dee said, "I like a girl who knows what she wants. Maybe you'd like something along these lines." She pulled up a blue binder. This one had more couples, but the pictures were a bit more daring. The poses seemed more intimate, there was more lingerie, and there was less clothing. A few showed the women's breasts, a few hinted at a bare bottom -- but still tasteful. That left me wondering about the other binders -- especially that much thinner black one.
"Oh, wow." Micca's eyes got big, and she sipped at her wine glass. She barely noticed Dee refilling it. "You took all these?"
Dee smiled. "Oh yes. I think these are some of my better ones. And don't worry, these people all gave permission to show their pictures. I think they were proud of the way they came out. So, do you have some ideas? Let's take pictures."
She got up, glass in hand, and led us around a free-standing wall to the studio area. Two large walls, including the one separating the studio are from the seating, formed plain, neutral backgrounds. Sheets covered blocky platforms and seats, and a folding screen stood in one corner. We recognized the seating from a lot of the photos we'd seen. Dee kicked off her shoes before entering this area, so we did, too. Just that little gesture gave the whole occasion a much more comfortable, informal feel.
The first set of pictures took ten or fifteen minutes: solo pictures of each, plus a number of us together: seated, standing, or one of us in each position. That gave a lot more variety, like differences in heights, in how we touched or faced each other. Maybe it was the wine, but Micca seemed to squirm less on sitting down and seemed to move more comfortably.
After that, Dee pointed to the folding screen and said there were other clothes, shawls, and things we could try on for different looks. And not to worry -- she washed every item after it was used.
I asked, "Mind I take a look?"
Dee answered, "That's what it's for -- go ahead." I saw her tip some more wine into Micca's glass as I rounded the screen.
There was plenty to choose from, but I had a simpler idea. I hung my jacket on one of the hooks, took off the tube top, and got the jacket back on. As I came into sight, Dee started to say "What did you..." then saw me. "Oh you little minx! Lin honey, you are beautiful. And no panty line, I noticed."
"Yup, no panty line." Well, no panty either, but I think she had guessed that.
We took a few with the jacket open different amounts and ways, and I know some nipple got into some of those pictures. I turned around, faced away from Dee but more towards Micca. I slid the jacket down my shoulders. Depending on where she cropped the picture, it might look like I had nothing on. I looked over my shoulder at Dee and smiled -- click, click, click of the camera. I looked toward Micca too, giving Dee a profile of my face. I barely noticed the camera clicking as Micca and I exchanged gazes. She seemed incredulous that I'd taken my tube top off and was playing with nakedness. Still faced away from Dee, I took the jacket off and slung it over my shoulder. The camera clicked on, and I set the jacket down. I motioned to Micca to come over with me. She seemed uncertain til I mouthed, "for me?" and gave her puppy-dog eyes. I still faced away from Dee, and Micca came to stand in front of me. I hugged her close, and gave Dee another profile of my face.
Micca's nearly a head taller than me, so I saw out the the corner of my eye, the way she looked down toward me. Her happy smile seemed genuine. I looked up, and she stroked a bit of hair away from my face. (I later saw that her gesture made a very beautiful photo.) I brought my hands around to her front and undid the top button of her shirt. "What are you doing?"
"I just want to hold you closer and feel your skin."
Micca was about to say something when Dee broke in and said. "Hey, it's just us girls here. Let's get comfortable." She set the camera down and stripped off her own shirt and bra. That seemed to make Micca feel a bit better. Dee looked to be in her forties or early fifties, not that I guess very well, and looked good for her age. But Micca looked good for a twenty-something, so comparison to Dee's older boobs could only make Micca feel better. Maybe Dee didn't have anything to be ashamed of, but Micca had a figure to be proud of. It later occurred to me that Dee probably did that a lot, when her models seemed shy, and it worked.
I finished unbottoning Micca, and wrapped by arms around her again, under the shirt this time. I hunkered down an inch or two, so I could press the whole side of my face against her chest as I held her close. The open shirt still covered her, mostly, and she hugged me close. I shifted to bring one hand around front again, and lifted one of those heavy, soft breasts.
She startled, "Lin..."
"Shh," I whispered. "It's OK." And it was, mostly. It was pretty clear what I was doing, even if her shirt still covered my hand and my touch. I seemed not to hear the clicking camera any more, or see the motion of Dee changing her angles, kneeling down, or standing again. Micca clutched my head to her chest. I moved just a little, so my cheek settled into the softness of her breast, and shifted my grip. Thumb and fingertip brushed her areola, and I could feel how it had already thickened. Micca gasped at the touch. I turned my head to kiss that softness, fairly high and to one side of the breast, and thought I heard Micca whimper. I pushed my head lower along that swelling, and lifted her breast to me. (I don't think she even noticed by that point that her lapel had opened all the way and that the camera was catching my touch on her areola.)
That first wasn't even a real kiss. I just reached out with my tongue to the nub of her nipple, pink tip to pink tip. Even that little got a real moan out of her. It didn't take much more to push the shirt off her shoulder on that side, and take her nipple between my lips. I don't think her moaning came any louder with that, but it came continuously. Her arm around my shoulder held firmly, and her hand against my head was soft but certain. This was where she wanted me.
I saw one of those covered blocks behind her, and pushed her back to sit on it. Before I followed her down, I undid that button and zipper at the side of my skirt, let it fall, and stepped out of it. Micca seemed to be in a daze, and just reached her arms out to me. I settled into her lap. Being small, I could curl myself up so her lap could hold all of me, or almost. Micca hugged me again, one arm around my shoulder and one enclosing my folded legs. I don't know if she realized her hand held my butt. I loved the feeling, though, and nestled into her bosom again.
I don't know if she noticed when I pushed her shirt off the other shoulder. She did notice when I loosened the waistband on her skirt. Her eyes opened wide and looked into mine. Maybe I saw a touch of fear. "Lin..."
I stroked her face."It's OK, Micca. Look at me. I'm fine like this. You'll be fine, too." I started moving out of her lap. Once standing, I reached out to her. She lifted an arm to me, but the shirt snagged it at her elbow. She shrugged out of it and took my hand. The skirt fell off her as she stood, and I saw a wet spot at the back. She was getting as turned on as I was.
She stood and kicked the clothing from around her ankles. We faced each other, toe to toe, tiny breast to soft low breast, loosely hugging. Dee had move around to get us in profile. We both faced away from the camera for a moment. (With the dark background behind us, that turned into one of the most dramatic shots.)
Dee kept moving around, looking for new angles, until she started to get behind Micca. Then she squealed, "Oh honey, you have a jewel in your tushy!" Micca tensed and held me close. Dee had broken the moment, or almost, but prattled on. "You girls, you're really something. I bet you have all kinds of secrets."
"That would be telling!" I held Micca close, too. My hand on her hip moved around to cover the toy. To Dee, it must have looked like I was hiding it. Maybe. But my hand covered it easily, so I was cupping her bottom in my hand at the same time I put pressure on the toy. Micca writhed in my arms. A flood of sensation seemed to push embarrassment out of her mind.
With the jewel out of sight, Dee moved back to see us in profile. She saw me pulling her hip toward mine, hand on the jewel, and saw me press my leg between hers. Dee also saw me lean down to kiss a full, soft breast. I soon forgot Dee was even there, though. Holding Micca in my mouth, forcing her attention to the toy inside her, and feeling her hot vulva against my hip -- it consumed my attention entirely. Soon, Micca added her own pressure to mine in rubbing against my hip, and started a slow, gentle rhythm. Press and release, press and release, I followed along pulling as she pushed. And, once Dee was out of my peripheral vision, I put my hand between us. The broad pressure of my hip against her mons became much more directed: fingers against mons, then down between her labia. Micca seemed torn, on the edge of letting go, but inhibited in this strange place. I murmured to her, "It's OK Micca, you can let go. You can let it all out for me."
I guess the words "For me" did it. Her orgasm was upon her, working up to its crest. I slid my finger down and in, and pushed hard on the toy. "Squeeze, Micca. Squeeze." Her hips, her interior, her whole body tightened, moaning out loud with her mouth wide open.
Then, over my shoulder, I heard Dee, loudly. "Micca, look me. Let it all out girl, but look at me." Click, click, click, it must have been firing on automatic. I don't know what Dee's voice had done, but it seemed to hold Micca at that impossible peak, eyes and mouth wide open. Micca's voice failed and her breath locked up for a moment. All she could let out was a squeak. Then it wound down. It's where Micca is so different from me. Her orgasm is huge; it holds her entire body. Then, when it ends, it doesn't end all at once. It lets go of her arms, then her voice, and so on, but still grabs her at moments for some whole-body tremors. Her legs got weak next. My finger still inside her, we sat her down with me kneeling in front of her. Finally, her gasping turned to little giggles. She looked up a Dee for a moment (click, click, click), but seemed to find her irrelevant. Only I matter. She wriggled in her seat a bit, and I took my hand back. Then we just held each other, forehead to forehead.
I whispered, "Happy birthday, special lady."
She whispered back, "Very happy."