Chapter 1.
Meeting at The Mall
It was a Sunday afternoon, sunny and warm. The kind of day that makes you want to get out and do something, so I was at the mall. I had no real reason to be there, I wasn't there to buy anything. I guess I was just there because it wasn't home. I felt like being out and about. I was enjoying it too. I was walking down the main corridor of the mall, fast, because exercise makes me feel good, sometimes it makes me feel horny. Today was one of those times.
It wasn't just the exercise though. Walking past Fredericks of Hollywood I thoroughly enjoyed the supersized photos of sexy women in sexy lingerie. Victoria's Secret was almost as good. Other stores had good pictures up too but there was more than just the storefront photos and the exercise making me horny, there were quite a few very attractive ladies there also.
As I said it was a beautiful warm day and the ladies were taking full advantage of it. Many of them were wearing short shorts, short skirts, short dresses, tight shirts, and other sexy stuff. One thing I've started to notice that turns me on are tight jeans with holes cut in them to expose a patch of perfect smooth feminine skin, there were plenty of these to see too.
One young lady I noticed in particular. She was wearing a little black dress with a slit slanted over one breast. I could tell that there was no bra under it by the fact that it was tight over her breasts, but no lines were visible where the edges or straps ought to be. What was visible were the little lumps of her nipples, and if I squinted and looked really hard, I could make out a very slight change of color where her nipples were. The dress was just tight, and just sheer enough to make me stare long and hard trying to see her body beneath it. It was the kind of dress that turns heads and raises eyebrows, but just modest enough that she could wear it in public. Well, almost modest enough to wear in public.
The girl in the dress was very pretty too. She looked like she was in her early 20's, and fit. Her skin was tan. Her hair was brown and fell to her shoulders where it played around in a most intoxicating fashion as her head moved. Her smile was bright and friendly and I could tell she was confident and absolutely at ease with herself, her attire, and her surroundings. I knew I could never just walk up and introduce myself to her. I would feel so awkward; I wouldn't be able to think of anything to say. This beautiful, seductive woman would have me so tongue tied I might not be able to speak at all. It would be over before it started.
She must have noticed me staring because she started walking my way. At first I thought she was just going to walk past me. After all, why would she be walking up to me, a complete stranger? But she was looking me right in the eye! I swallowed hard. I didn't know why she would approach me but I was terrified of this beauty. I knew that in a matter of seconds she could devastate me. She was out of my league and I knew it and I was sure she knew it too.
As she reached me she said the last thing I ever expected... "Hi. My name is Cheri. I noticed you staring at me. I know you find me attractive, I know you're probably tongue tied, and I know you want to fuck me. You're scared to death that if you say something, it'll sound stupid and you'll ruin your chances with me. Am I right?"
"Yes." was all I could manage. It was like she had read my mind. Was I that transparent?
"Well," she said, "come with me. I'm going fuck you first, and then maybe we can have a real conversation and get to know each other."
She took my hand and started to walk. She led me to one of the department stores and into an elevator, and then just stood there. I reached over to press the button to take us down but she stopped my hand. "I believe in giving people a chance," she said, "right now you can't have a proper conversation with me because you are too worried about trying to impress me or at least not look like an idiot; as a result you look like an idiot"
My heart sank. She just called me an idiot. She was right, I wasn't saying or doing anything terribly clever at the moment, in fact I wasn't saying or doing anything at all, just standing there.
She continued, with a compassionate tone of voice "It's not your fault; I know that, it's just the way men are. They see a pretty girl and all they can think about is sex. I know that all you can think about is having sex with me, so why don't we just go ahead and get that out of the way?"
With that she dropped to her knees in front of me. She unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers and pulled them down to expose my cock. She took my scrotum in her hand and began to massage it gently rolling my balls around with her fingers. She took my cock in her other hand and began stroking it, it didn't take long before I was hard as a rock. She took a condom out of (I know not where) and rolled it down onto my penis. I was so excited and turned on I could hardly breathe. Next she began kissing my dick. Little lip kisses starting at the base and going up one side and back down the other. A sigh of pleasure escaped my mouth mixed with a moan of anticipation and followed by a gasp. She had just taken my penis into her mouth and I could feel her tongue swirling around the head of my cock. One of her hands was back on by ball-sack but now a couple of her fingers were pressing in and massaging between there and my asshole. With her other hand she was stroking the lower end of my cock where her lips weren't riding up and down. It felt incredible.
After a couple of minutes she started to slow down. She let go of my cock and my scrotum. She slowly, and teasingly, took her mouth off my penis. She looked up at me and smiled.
"Thank you," I said, "I haven't cum, but it felt great".
"I'm not done yet," she replied.
She stood up and with one smooth motion peeled her dress off over her head. Now she was standing there naked in the elevator smiling at me. Her smile was sexy, bright, and playful. Her breasts were medium sized, a large B or a small C perhaps. Her tummy was flat and her waist formed a nice hourglass shape. Her hips were as wide as her chest. Her pussy was clean shaven. Her legs were toned. She was incredibly beautiful from head to toe. After giving me a minute to admire her, she slowly turned around, giving me a chance to see and admire her ass too, it was just as perfectly shaped as the front of her. After making a complete 360 she gestured for me to lie down on the floor. Once I was down she knelt down straddling me with one knee on each side of me. She took my cock in her hand and lined it up with her pussy, lowering herself until the tip of my penis was just touching her entrance. She paused there. Then, slowly, lowered herself onto me until I was all the way inside her. She paused there. Then, slowly raised herself up until just the tip of my penis was touching the entrance to her pussy again. She repeated this super slow fuck over and over. At the beginning each stroke was probably taking a full thirty seconds, but felt like much longer. Gradually she started going faster. It was feeling so good. She felt like heaven to my body. She looked like heaven to my eyes. I felt my penis starting to burn and tingle. My whole body tensed, then let loose with the first convulsion of a powerful orgasm...
The elevator door opened. We both looked up and saw a couple standing at the door. "Oh my god!" the woman outside gasped as her hand flew to her mouth. If my adrenaline wasn't pumping fast enough already this did it for me. Cheri thrust down on my cock one last time, pushing me as far into her as she could as I continued cuming. She reached up and pushed the door close button along with the button for the first floor. She looked into my eyes and kissed me. It was a passionate kiss, her lips felt soft and tender. Her tongue and mine swirled around each other. Even as the elevator started to move she stayed on my cock and continued kissing me until after the very last of my orgasmic convulsions was finished. The door opened onto the first floor. We both looked out into the store, we could see customers. She got up off my cock, grabbed her dress, and pulled it on over her head. I got up, pulling my underwear up and zipping and buttoning my trousers leaving the condom on my dick. People were looking at us. It only took five or six seconds after the door opened before we were dressed and stepping out of the elevator, but it was plenty long enough for the shoppers to notice us and see everything. I was shaking like a leaf both from sexual excitement and adrenaline. We made a bee-line for the door. Not just to leave the store, but the mall as well. Who knows how long it would take someone to report us or how long it would take mall security to respond, but we both wanted to be sure we were long gone by then.
Rather than get in her car and disappear forever, as I expected her to, she came with me to my car. We both got in and I left the parking lot as quickly as I could without drawing attention to us. Once out on the road I started to relax again.
"Let's get some dinner," I suggested, "I need to calm down. What do you like?"
"How about Cracker Barrel?" she said.
"Works for me," I replied, and started driving that way.
There was silence for a few minutes, Cheri broke it.
"Did you like what we just did?" she asked.
"I loved it!" I said. "The rush of doing it in the elevator with you, and then getting caught, was unbelievable.
"So I take it you'd be up for more sexual adventure?" She asked
"Absolutely." I replied.
After that we talked about other things. We told each other about our lives, out hopes and dreams, our strengths and our weaknesses. She didn't even flinch when I told her I was married and I wound up telling her all about my wife too. It was a good, deep, meaningful, and satisfying conversation.
The conversation was not in the absence of sexual play however. One time she excused herself to go to the restroom, a couple minutes later I got a text message saying "I'm alone in here, come join me". I did. Another time she had me stand in front of a rack of shirts while she undid my pants and stroked my cock with some lotion she had "sampled" from a nearby display. Each time she would bring me right to the brink of orgasm, and then stop and tell me I had to wait for the grand finale. I couldn't wait.
We went here and there and all over town, anyplace her imagination for sexual adventure could come up with something. I lost count of how many times I had almost cum. Some stops were for her benefit as well. She would tell me exactly how, when, where, and how hard to touch her. Several times I got to watch her in the throes of orgasm.
At last it was time to wind the evening down. I thought she was going home with me for the "grand finale" but instead she started giving me directions. It wasn't directions to the mall where we had left her car so I was kind of baffled. Finally we ended up at a house, which I guessed was hers, but when we got to the door she rang the bell. "Roll play" she said. "I'm your girlfriend"
A woman answered the door. Cheri introduced us and asked if we could join the party. The woman invited us in and gave us each a name tag. Inside there was living room with several tables and a bunch of chairs. A stripper pole stood in the corner with mirrors on the walls behind it. There was dance music playing but not so loud that you could not talk comfortably. In another room was a large screen TV playing a porn movie. There were a couple of bedrooms, one of which had shackles attached to the wall above the bed. In another room some people were playing strip poker. All in all there were about thirty people in the house so it was kind of crowded. I pulled Cheri over to a table where I could whisper to her.
"What is this place?" I asked. "Some kind of sex club?"
"Kind of," She replied, "it's a swingers club. Couples come here for sexual excitement and variety. Some people just want to meet new people in a sexually charged environment. Some like to watch or be watched. Some like to trade partners for the evening. Pretty much anything goes as long as it's consensual."
We went to the snack buffet and got a few finger foods and a couple of sodas, then went back to the living room to sit down. It wasn't long before the hostess of the party came and sat down with us. She introduced herself as Kim. She was about 30 and, while not as gorgeous as Cheri, was quite pretty. After a few preliminaries the subject, not surprisingly, turned to sex. She wanted to have sex with me; I wanted to have sex with her too, but...
This is going to be awkward, I thought. I want to have sex with Cheri even more. I don't want to blow my load with the eight and miss out on the ten. How can I decline her graciously? My mind came up blank so I turned to Cheri.
"Cheri," I asked, "Kim would like to have sex with me, what do you think?"
"Go ahead," she replied, "but don't go anywhere. Do it right here, and don't cum in her, save that for me."
I looked at Kim. "Are you cool with that?" I asked.
"Sure," she replied, "I guess so."
She stood up and walked over to a bowl of condoms, then returned and handed one to me. I unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers and pulled out my erection. She rolled the condom down my shaft, then straddled my knees and lowered herself onto me. She wasn't wearing any panties under her dress so I slipped right in. She didn't pump me though, she just sat there still. That's what it looked like at least. Inside her pussy she was squeezing me, then relaxing, squeezing me again, then relaxing. It was such an incredible tease, soon though she decided that her dress was in the way, so she peeled it off over her head. I reached behind her and unclasped her bra
With her bra out of the way I began caressing her breasts. At first the whole breast, then gradually focusing my attention more towards her nipples, she moaned her pleasure and approval.
She started moving her hips. Rocking them back and forth, swirling them around in little circles. It was starting to get pretty intense.
"Please stop". I said. "My girlfriend said I was not to cum in you and I'm getting close." She stopped, and got up, but then turned around so her back was toward me and lowered herself back onto my penis. She took one of my hands and placed my fingers on her clit. "Rub" she said. I started out slow, but as I noticed her body respond, I increased my pace. She was moving around now, rocking back and forth and writhing with pleasure, moaning and gasping. I looked around. No-one was talking anymore, they were all watching us. She came. She didn't exactly scream, but she was very noisy about it. She also moved around a lot and almost made me cum. Finally she relaxed, and was still. She stood up, removed the condom from my shaft and gave it a couple of strokes. She walked across the room to the trash can and threw the rubber away, then returned. She picked up her dress and wriggled into it, then sat down. Her bra still lay on the table.
"Well," Cheri said to Kim, "that was quite a show. Not sure I can top it but I do feel like trying. What do you have for music?" The two of them walked over to the stereo and Cheri started shuffling through the CD's. She selected one and put it in. When the new CD started to play, Cheri started to dance.
She was quite good at it. She danced around the pole nice and slow, moving her hips in a way that left me no choice but to imagine those hips moving on me. I imagined my cock inside her. I imagined cuming inside her. The fantasy was so good that the reality seemed impossible. Nothing that good could fit in a human mind. She danced out away from the pole and picked up a chair. Then set it down in front of the pole, facing the room. She repeated with four more chairs so that there was now a row of five forming a quarter-circle, facing the room. She stood on the center one
"Attention ladies and gentlemen! As if I don't have your attention already. I need five willing gentlemen to come sit in these chairs. I came forward and took a seat. After some conferring with their dates, so did four other guys.
She started dancing again but instead of poll dancing now she was lap dancing. She danced on one guy for a little while, grinding herself against his erection and unbuttoning his shirt. By the time she got up he wasn't wearing it any more. The same went for the second guy, then me, then the other two guys. Then she went back to the first one. "Stand up." She ordered. He did and she danced around him, removing his pants, then his underwear. She sat him back down and moved on to the next guy, then to me. It was the most erotic thing that had ever happened to me; standing there naked, in front of this room full of people, with this beautiful naked woman dancing around me rubbing her body all over mine. Then she was gone, on to the next guy, and the next. She strutted over to the condom bowl and picked up five. She rolled one down each of our cocks.
"Oh shit." I thought. "I want to fuck her so bad. I don't want her to fuck these other guys, just me!" She was dancing in front of the first guy now, rubbing her ass against his chest. She took his cock in her hand and lowered herself until the head was just touching the entrance to her pussy, then she lowered herself down the rest of the way but his cock did not slide into her, it slid up between her pussy lips and over her clit in front of her. Cupping her hand in front of it she slid up and down and rolled her hips around like she was fucking him without him being inside of her. She kept grinding until he looked like he was about to come and stopped. Pausing for a few seconds she let him come back from the brink a little bit, then she slowly rose and fell two or three more times to put him right back on the brink of orgasm. On the last stroke she just kept rising until she was all the way off him, and she moved on the next guy where she repeated the whole thing. This time though he came. I'm not sure if she meant to get him off or just misjudged when she should stop, she gave him a kiss and sent him back to his seat. Then it was my turn. She did the same thing to me and to the other two guys. One of them came, one did not, so now it was me and one guy on each side of me. After the last guy, she stood up in front of us and started counting off with the first guy...
"Eeny" first guy
"meeny" me
"miney" last guy
"mo" first guy
"chatch" me
"a" last guy
"tiger" first guy
She made a sexy tiger noise at him before moving on...
"by" me
"his" last guy
"toe" first guy
"if" me
"he" last guy
"hollars" first guy
"let" me
"him" last guy
"go" first guy
"eeny" me
"meeny" last guy
"miney" first guy
'mo." Me!
She spun around so her back was toward me and she was facing the room. Then she spread her legs wide so that everyone could see as she lowered herself, and my shaft slid slowly into her body. She rode my cock for a few strokes, but could tell I was close to cuming so she stopped.
"Hey, you two," she said to the other two guys who were still sitting on either side of us, "come over here." When they did she took each of their cocks in one hand started stroking them. After a couple minutes of stroking they were both close to cuming. She turned her attention to one of them and put his unit in her mouth. I knew what he was feeling was pretty awesome. Finally he came. As he did she pulled his cock out and his condom off so that he squirted all over her face. Then she turned back and did the same thing to the other guy. All the while, I was inside her. She was keeping her legs spread so that everyone could see that I was inside her, and she was keeping the oral action where everyone could see it also. She was dramatizing things too, making moaning sounds from time to time and generally putting on one hell of a show.
Once she was done with the second guy she got back to riding my cock. As she was doing me though, Kim stood, up went over and grabbed the whole bowl of condoms. She came over and set them on the chair next to us, then peeled her dress off over her head.
"Can I have another turn?" she asked.
"Sure," Cheri replied.
Kim opened one of the condoms and handed it to Cheri, then walked around behind me. Cheri raised herself off of my shaft, took the old condom off, rolled the new one on and stepped aside. Kim made a show of swinging her leg high over my head as she positioned herself over my cock, in the same position Cheri had just been and lowered herself onto it. She stayed still for a moment. Cheri opened another condom and set it on the chair beside us, then walked around behind me and started squeezing my neck and shoulders, as Kim started to ride. As if the sex wasn't incredible enough, now she was giving me a back rub!?!? I doubted anyone in the history of mankind had ever had an experience this good. There had been just enough of a break while they switched places for me to come back a little from the edge of orgasm, but not much. It didn't take long before I was on the brink again.
"I'm close" I said, and Kim stopped. They switched places again so now Cheri was riding my cock and Kim was rubbing my back. They switched two more times before I finally I couldn't hold back any longer. My body tensed as the first of the orgasmic spasms exploded through me from head to toe. I cried out in ecstasy. Kim wrapped her arms around me and the chair and held on tight, trying to hold me still so Cheri could keep on riding. She was completely unsuccessful in holding on to me, but Cheri kept on riding me anyway. The burning sensation in my dick turned from extreme pleasure to pain and she kept right on riding me. I begged her to stop, but she kept going. I was in sexual agony, but she kept going. After what seemed like an eternity, but was, in reality, probably less than a minute, she came too. Afterward she stopped, and sat panting on my lap with my cock still inside her. After catching her breath she got up, walked over to our table and sat down. Kim followed her, I went to the rest room to dispose of the condom and clean my penis. Cheri brought my clothes to me and I dressed, afterward I joined them at the table. They were still nude, sipping on drinks and chatting with each other. As I sat down Cheri said "Kim, I guess it's your turn".
Kim came around in front of me, and knelt between my feet. She took my cock back out of my pants, it was limp now but she took it in her hands and tenderly started to massage it. She put a condom on it and put it in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around and around the head. It felt extremely good. It wasn't long before I started to swell again.
Once I was hard she took the condom off and got some lotion from her purse. She started stroking my cock with her hands. It wasn't the usual up and down stroke but more of a hand over hand stroke so my cock felt like it was going in and in and in for a very long ways. Sometimes she would change the stroke to the in-out variety, and sometimes she would experiment with different strokes. She was very good at reading my face to tell exactly what I liked. Twice she almost made me cum, but I told her I was close and she stopped, never took her hands off my cock, just stopped rubbing. After the second time she decided it was time for a more intimate form of sex. She put another condom on me and slid herself down onto me, face to face this time. Her nipples were perky and brushed lightly along my chest as they moved up and down. I rolled my head back and sighed with pleasure. As I did her lips went to my neck and started making little lip nibbles that felt so good.
"Ohh," I sighed, "I'm going to cum soon."
She got up before I did though. She turned around, and lowered herself back down onto me with her legs spread wide as they had been when we were up front by the pole. She started riding me again but very slowly. Cheri was watching us. When she saw Kim had turned around she stood up and came around the table. She knelt down in front of us and started fondling my testicles with one hand. With the other hand she reached up under my sack and started rubbing the spot behind my scrotum but in front of my butt hole. Her rubs were firm and deep, but also gentle. She leaned forward and stuck her tongue out so that Kim's clit moved up and down against it has she moved up and down my shaft.
Kim came first and once again drew everyone's attention. She kept riding me until I came too. She sat on my lap for a few minutes, with my cock still inside her as it grew soft. Eventually it was soft enough that it just came out.
We both stood up and I headed for the rest room to clean up again. When I got back Kim and Cheri were still nude, sitting at the table and chatting. I sat down across from them and just listened to them talk. Every once in a while I'd interject something, but didn't really say much.
Other men came over occasionally and introduced themselves. Kim and Cheri would dance for them and give them hand jobs if they wanted, but it was clear their sexual appetites had been satisfied for the night. Mine had been too. I'd cum in Cheri twice and in Kim once and had a lot of other excitement and stimulation in between.
Eventually Cheri decided it was time to go so she asked me to drive her back to the mall where her car was parked. Kim gave us her phone number and said to call her next time we wanted to play. Cheri was still nude except for her shoes as we walked out the door but did pull her dress on over her head as we walked toward the car. She carried the conversation as we drove back to the mall, which was fine with me. Every now and then she would ask my opinion about one thing or other and I would explain it to her. She was as good a listener as she was a talker and took the time to really understand what I was saying.
I was quite sad to arrive at the mall when the time came. I didn't want to see her go, but as she got out she handed be a slip of paper and asked me to call her anytime I wanted to play again. I smiled and assured her that I would.
After she had gotten in her car and driven away I unfolded the piece of paper. It was the piece that Kim had written her number on, but now it had Cheri's number too. Besides the phone numbers was a hand written note:
Dear Allen:
Thank you for a wonderful evening. You probably find it ironic that I am thanking you, but I really enjoyed it. I know Kim did too. I am in fairly desperate need of financial help. Thank you for your generous contribution.
I sat there looking at the note for a couple of minutes. Contribution? What contribution had I made? I looked around the car, nothing was missing. I started driving home, still perplexed until I stopped for gas. My credit card was not in my wallet. My wallet was in my pants pocket at the swingers club. She had probably taken the credit card when she brought me my clothes after having sex with me in front of the stripper pole.
I smiled. The credit card company did call several times the next day, probably to confirm suspicious transactions. I just let it go to voice mail. I decided to wait as long as I could before reporting it missing. She could have whatever she could spend, I decided. She was worth it.