I hope you have read what happened to our family in the last four parts. If not I'll explain...
I'm Jane, I'm 36, married to John, he's 38. We have twin 18 year olds: daughter Anna and son Sam. A few months ago I walked in on Anna and Sam having sex. After some discussion with John, we decided to let them carry on. We had a stern talk with them that somehow ended in us having sex with them.
I finished last part telling you about a swinging family we met and the fun we had with them and their kids.
So to carry on...
After that weekend with Robert and Angie life went back to normal - ok, our normal - for a few days. Angie did call and invited us to meet up with another couple which we did. It was an awesome night. Six of us, all there for one thing and loving it. When we got home in the morning Anna wanted to hear every detail of the night. As we were telling her who fucked who she took her dad's cock out and started to suck him. I was surprised how easily he got hard again. I didn't think he could have so soon after so much sex.
As we were telling her she was sucking him and taking off the T-shirt she had worn to bed. As I talked I could feel myself getting wetter watching them. She pulled her dad's trousers and pants down, sucking his balls, then made him lift his legs up so she could lick his bum. This was too much. I stripped off, got behind Anna and licked her pussy and bum.
Her pussy was soaking as my tongue ran between her lips. She tasted so sweet. I pushed my tongue into her bum as deep as I could go, wetting it thoroughly, then went back to her pussy as I pushed two fingers in her bum.
John was loving the feel of her mouth round his cock urging her to go deeper and faster, fucking her face. As he came in her mouth he was moaning and holding her head onto his cock. When he let go of her she turned round to kiss me, spitting her dad's cum into my mouth. We kept kissing, our tongues playing with each other's, and with her dad's cum. We probably kissed for five minutes just loving the feeling of our tongues touching and probing,
"We are going to have meet other couples more often," I thought, "If this is the result when we get back home."
A few days later Anna was talking to me about men and how none seemed as good as her dad.
"Yes, I feel the same with Sam," I said, "He seems to be so good. Probably because it's so wrong."
She agreed with me, then said, "You don't know how it feels to fuck your dad though."
"No I don't," I thought, "And probably never will either. I know dad's not like that."
A bit later, I was online talking to a friend fromLiterotica. I told her what Anna had said about fucking her dad and how I can't know how good it feels.
"Why can't you fuck your dad?" she said.
"Well, he's not like that," I replied.
"Huh," she said, "I'm sure if you tried he might be."
This got me thinking. Could I? Would he?
I rang dad up and said, "Hi. Not seen you for a week. Why don't you come round tomorrow for coffee and a catch-up? I'm not working so I'll be at home."
He agreed and next morning he arrived. I was In the kitchen in my usual home clothes - just a pair of panties. He walked in and immediately went red.
"Oh, I'm sorry Jane," he said, "i didn't realise. I'm sorry."
I just laughed.
"Don't be silly dad. I'm like this all the time at home. It's ok."
"Yes I know. But I've not seen you like this. I'm sorry," he said.
All this time he had his back to me.
"Don't be stupid," I told him, "You've seen holiday pics of me like this with bikini bottoms on that were smaller than these panties."
"Yes, " he replied, "But that's different. It's a picture. Not actually seeing you."
"Look dad," I said, "This is how I feel comfortable at home. There's nothing wrong with it. If you really want to be an old, stuffy guy and you're not happy, I'll go and put something on. But I won't be happy if I have to dress."
He mumbled a bit and came around to it being ok. Thank god! So I just finished making the coffee and we went into the front room. We sat there, talking about nothing in particular. I tried to keep my legs open as much as possible. And I did notice that if I looked into the tv, which was off, and not at dad, he was staring at me. As soon as I looked round, his eyes moved away,
After couple of hours we said our goodbyes. He gave me my usual kiss and his hands went to my waist. I could feel them burn into me. I could still feel the place where his hands had touched me hours later.
The following day John was not going to work until dinner time. I was upstairs when he came into the bedroom and said, "Your dad is downstairs. Said he was just passing."
I usually see dad once a fortnight; at the most once a week. Yet here he was the following day,
"Ok," I said to John, "Go down and tell dad to put the kettle on and you go out. Leave us alone. Tell him you're off to work."
I quickly jumped in the shower, got my hair wet and then, while I was drying it, went downstairs.
"Hi dad. Will you put a couple of slices of toast on as well as the coffee?"
I couldn't see him with my head down drying my hair, but he started to say "ok", then sort of mumbled. I knew he must have turned round and seen me naked,
"Er, Jane," he said, "I think you need to put something else on."
"Oh shit dad. Sorry. I just rushed down to get you to put toast on. I didn't think. Well, you've seen me now so it doesn't matter."
"Er, are you sure? " he said.
"Yes it's fine. It's not like you haven't seen a naked woman before."
Nothing more was said about me being naked. We took our coffee and toast into the front room and chatted as if everything was normal. I was soaking, sat naked in front of dad, but didn't know what to do next, apart from keeping opening my legs, which I did. But he didn't make a move on me and a couple of hours later he left. He gave me a kiss and was gone.
I had to rush upstairs and get the vibe out. It took about one minute for me to cum thinking of his cock,
This went on for a couple of weeks, maybe three. He would come round on my days off. If I was downstairs, he'd catch me in knickers; if I was upstairs, I would come down naked. But still that's as far as it went. I asked John and Anna what to do.
"Just jump on him, lol," was Anna's reply.
"Try going to his house," said John, "It could be he's worried me or the kids might walk in."
So, a couple of days later, early in the morning, I went to dad's house. When I walked in he was in boxers and a vest.
"Hi dad. Get the kettle on I'm parched. Glad to see you like just underwear at home as well."
"Yes, it's a lot better now it's warm," he said, "Do you want me to put some trousers on?"
"No don't be silly," I replied, "In fact think I'll join you."
At that, I pulled my dress over my head and stood there completely naked. This time I could see the reaction from dad. His boxers started to bulge out.
"Great," I thought, "He does want it."
I looked down and spoke.
"Hmm dad. Looks like you like me naked."
I reached out and touched his hard cock through his boxers. He leapt back.
"It's ok dad. Trust me."
This time I reached down into his boxers and actually held his cock in my bare hand. I thought it was going to burn through my hand it felt so hot and hard. I was close to cumming I was so excited, I slowly wanked him pulling him closer to me. I put my other hand into his boxers as well, feeling his balls. I took hold of the waist band and pulled his boxers down. I crouched down as I did it so his cock was right in front of my face.
I just looked at it for a second; examining the veins. I noticed he was uncut, admired it, then lent forward and put it in my mouth. This actually got my dad to speak for the first time in what seemed like ages.
"No Jane. You can't. It's wrong. Please don't."
I put my hand on his bum to stop him pulling away and took his cock out for a second.
"Shut up dad. I've been wanting this for ages, so just enjoy it. I'm going to."
"But are you sure you want to?"
For a reply, I put his dick back in my mouth sucking on it, licking around its head. This thing gave me life and now it's in my mouth. I actually came then. It's the only time I've ever cum and not been touched,
I stood up when I got my breath back, took hold of his cock and said, "Let's go upstairs."
I led him away, holding his cock.
When we got into the bedroom I turned and kissed him, pushing my tongue deep into his mouth. He responded happily. We sort of fell onto the bed kissing,
"Dad, just fuck me now please."
I moved onto my back and pulled him by his cock toward me. Opening my legs, I guided his cock into my pussy.
Oh god it was amazing. I felt it go all way into me and I came again as he was moving back for the first time. He soon pushed back into me. I lifted my legs round his bum, pulling him in. We got a good rhythm going and I soon felt him start to stiffen and his cum fill me as I came again. My dad's cum was actually pumping into my pussy. I felt so happy and dirty but glad I was doing it.
After a minute he rolled off me.
"I'm sorry Jane," he said, "That shouldn't have happened. Please forgive me."
"Don't be silly," I replied, "I wanted it. And I want it a lot more from you."
"But Jane, we can't," he said.
"Why can't we? There's nothing to stop us."
"But it's wrong. And you're married to John. What would he say?"
"Well dad," I said, "He would probably say, 'so my idea you go to his house worked then'."
Dad was gasping to get words out, so I told him about our life-style and some of the things that had happened. He was shocked, but seemed to take it all in,
"Well dad," I then said, "I think it's rested enough. I want more."
I moved down the bed to suck him. As I did, he moved me round so he could lick and play with my pussy. I'm happy to say, he knew what he was doing and he soon made me cum. I was playing with his cock and balls, then wet a finger and pushed it into his bum. That made him groan, and thankfully he repaid the favour. I then got him to fuck me doggie-style. It felt so good, him ramming into me, I came again just before he did. We both collapsed exhausted.
We cuddled up together looking into each other's eyes. Happy,
"I love you dad."
"I love you darling," he replied, "But I don't think I can get hard again. I'm sorry."
"Don't be daft dad, that was great. I loved every minute of it."
As we laid there, he fell asleep. Typical fellah, lol! So I sneaked out, got my dress and went home. I rang John to tell him. He was really excited about it and said he couldn't wait to watch.
I rang dad later to make sure he was ok and tell him that I was happy we did it. I asked him to come round the next Saturday morning. He said he would come.
Saturday came. Anna and I were both sat, just wearing knickers. John and Sam were dressed as usual. Guys are such wimps, lol! Dad arrived, knocked and walked in. Anna leapt at him, slung her arms round his neck, legs round his waist and was kissing him.
"So glad you have come to play, grandad. It's going to be fun."
Poor dad didn't know what to say or where to look. John and I both reassured him it was fine and told him to 'just relax'.
Anna got him to sit between us but he still seemed shy, which I suppose was natural.
"Why don't you show grandad how you play with your dad?" I told her.
At that, she got up, unzipped John, got his cock out and began to play with it and suck it. This seemed to relax dad a bit, so I started kissing him. I loved the feel of his tongue in my mouth. It felt so naughty. I started to undress him and told Anna to do same to her dad. Sam was told to undress himself.
We were soon all naked. Anna said she wanted to suck her grandad, so we both sucked him for a while, then I said, "I need to try something first if you all don't mind?"
"What?" asked Anna.
"I want dad in me at the same time as Sam," I replied.
I got dad to lay on the floor. I climbed on to him, letting him just slide into me, I was so wet. Sam then got into my bum. Oh god, I was in heaven. The man who made me and man I made, both fucking me. It felt so dirty, but sexy. I came really quickly. They carried on fucking me though bringing me to another orgasm. Sam came next in my bum. Dad soon filled my pussy again. I don't think I will ever stop been excited by him cumming in me.
As he moved off me, Anna was straight in, licking the cum from my bum and pussy. John got behind her and fucked her as she licked me.
I cuddled up to dad thanking him for joining in with us.
Anna was asking him to fuck her. The poor guy didn't have a chance. She was soon sucking him back to hardness. Then she straddled him, fucking him hard while I was kissing him. Sam stood next to his sister, trying to get a blow job while she bounced on her grandad.
Poor dad soon came again in Anna. This time I pushed her off and licked his cum out of her. It felt so good tasting my own dad's cum. I could see why Anna enjoyed her dad so much.
I made us all a drink while we recovered and Anna started quizzing her grandad.
"So have you fucked anyone else lately?"
"Er yes, some," he said.
"Oh cool. Who was it? Is she coming here?"
"No," he said, looking a bit sheepish.
After she questioned him a bit more, it turned out he got a local prostitute about once a month for £150 an hour.
"Well good for him," I thought, "At least he's not going without,"
But not Anna. Oh no.
"Mum will let you fuck her once a month for £100, grandad."
Poor dad didn't know where to look. I went red. John and Sam just laughed. I tried to mumble some sort of apology. Then.
"Well if you did," John said, "You could do a day less a week from your normal job."
That got me thinking.
"Well yes. But would you want to do that dad?"
"God yes. I'd love to if you're sure," he said, "It would save me money and you're a hell of a lot better than most of the girls I've seen."
"Ok," I replied, "But it's not just once a month, it's when ever you feel like it. Just come round and you can fuck me, or do whatever you want. Or ring me if you want some quiet time, I will come to you. I'm not bothered if you fuck me every day, or once a month. It's up to you."
"Wow. Ok darling. If your sure, I'd love that," he said.
"If mum's busy, I'm here grandad," said Anna.
We soon got back to fucking. At one point I had Dad in my bum, Sam in my pussy, john in my mouth, and Anna trying to suck and play with my boobs. God, did I cum. I felt so dirty and bad. But so fucking horny, I didn't want it to end.
Things settled down for a couple of months. Dad would come round two or three times a week. Either just for me or to play with us all. Not often I went to his house. I guess he likes the company here. Or Anna's young body.
Then I got a call from a number I didn't recognise.
"Are you free in a couple of hours?" a man I didn't recognise said.
"Free for what?" I asked.
"Sex," he said.
"Sorry, you have wrong number." I hung up.
"Odd," I thought.
The next day I got a similar call.
"How much for two hours love?"
"Sorry, wrong number." I hung up again.
Then on the following Saturday morning, I was sat at home with John and Anna when the phone rang again.
"Do you do oral without?" a guy said.
I actually replied 'yes' before I realised what I'd said.
"Where did you get this number?" I asked.
"It's on an advert in a shop. '£100 an hour. Blonde, 25 years old, 36-30-34. Most things offered'."
"I'm sorry," I said and hung up.
I said to John, "There's advert for sex in a local shop with my number on it. That's the third call I've had."
I then saw Anna looking guilty.
"Ok madam. Spill. What have you done?"
"Er, nothing mum. I just thought you do grandad, so if you got another it might be fun for you."
John couldn't stop laughing.
"She has a point though. See that guy that just rang? It's two days less work for one hour of fun," he said.
"But, but, but. Don't you mind? What do I do?"
They both laughed then.
"I'm you sure you know what to do?"
"I don't mind if you did two guys a week," said John, "It's what you earn in the cafe for thirty hours. Think about it. Ring him back."
I rang the number back.
"Oh sorry. Someone was here when you rang. Yes, I could fit you in today if you still want to."
"Yes," he said.
I gave him our address and arranged for him to come round in an hour-and-a-half.
I went upstairs and showered. I changed the bed, put on a dress that comes off easily and we waited. I was so nervous waiting when I looked at John and Anna they looked same, An hour-and-a-half later, his car came down drive. John and Anna went into another room and I opened door to him. I was really nervous. I don't know why.
We exchanged pleasantries. He looked a bit scruffy and not the usual sort of guy I would go for. But I knew it wasn't what I wanted; just what he wanted. I asked him in and led him upstairs. When we got into the bedroom he gave me £100. Good job he did, I'd forgotten about that.
"What do you want to do?" I asked him.
"Oral without please."
"Oh sorry," I replied, "I don't have any condoms so it's all without. Is that ok?"
His face lit up, so I took that as a 'yes', I took my dress off and sat on the bed and watched him undress. His cock wasn't big, but not small. He had bit of a belly but at least his body looked ok. He smelled nice. He sat sat next to me on the bed we started kissing. He was squeezing my boobs as I realised what I was doing. I was having sex for money. I was a whore. OMG!
I got so wet when I thought that, I almost raped the poor guy. I sucked him, licked his balls and played with his bum. While he was licking my pussy - he was pretty good at that thankfully - he got me to cum quite easily. Then he fucked me doggie-style, ramming his cock into me really hard and slapping my bum, When he came in me, he pushed hard into me filling me up with his cum. I could feel it spurting into me. Mmm.
After a minute he pulled out of me then started to get dressed,
"Wait," I said, "You've not had an hour yet. Let me suck you again."
"It's ok. I've cum. That's all I needed. Thanks, you were good."
"But it's only been about 40 minutes," I said.
"It's ok. I've got what I wanted - a good fuck and balls emptied in some slut."
"Oh, ok. If you're sure," I said. I didn't want to tell him that being called slut and other bad names turns me on.
I put on a robe and led him back out. As soon as the door was shut, I turned round and there were John and Anna. Naked. They pushed me onto a chair and John pushed his cock into me.
"I've still got all his cum in me John," I said.
"I know. That's why I need to fuck you now."
It took him about two minutes to cum in me adding his load to the punter's cum.
"That was amazing darling, thank you," he said as he kissed me.
"Dad! Move please," shouted Anna.
He pulled out of me and Anna dove straight into my pussy licking both lots of cum from me and bringing me to another big orgasm.
"Well, if you two are going to do that I need to see more guys."
"Yes. Please do," said John, "I thought I was going to cum before he left. My cock's been hard all the time I was waiting."
"And I can be the official cleaner," laughed Anna.
So the situation now is: we've put up few adverts in local places; I see maybe one guy a day. I've left my normal job. I try to see the guys in evening so John is there. With a few of the regulars he's even watched and joined in with them which we both find so exciting. A special few have fucked Anna as well. A guy saw her and said, "Two hundred pounds if I can fuck her."
Anna said 'yes' before I could speak. So she gets maybe one guy a month.
I know I said I see one guy a day at most. There have been a couple of times I've seen five in a day. I can't help it. They ring up. I don't, and can't, say 'no'. I just love getting fucked.
Please let me know if you want to read more about me and my family.