Sandra went about her morning meetings as any other executive who was flown halfway across the country to sign a document would. She met the client at his office, made small talk, presented the document, got his signature, made more small talk, then left the office. It took up most of the morning, but that still left her with more than enough time for what she really wanted to do for the rest of the day.
As she was walking back to the hotel, something caught her eye. She turned and saw a window display of the latest lingerie. A nasty thought crossed her mind as she entered the shop. She looked around at the racks of bras and panties and other delicate items. She couldn't remember when she had that feeling of naughtiness and cheekiness. But she knew that she wanted to do something special.
Finally, she settled on a red lacy bra and matching thong. She paid for them quickly, then hurried back to the hotel. Once in the privacy of her room, she took out her purchases and laid them on the bed. She took off her jacket and laid it next to them. Her blouse and skirt were next. She turned and saw herself in the mirror. She posed, her hands at her waist, and admired her body. It had been a long time since she felt sexy, even when she was wearing her usual full-cup bra and white panties.
She picked up the phone and dialed a number. It rang once, twice, then a voice. "Hello?"
"Hi," she said slowly.
"Mom, is that you?" the other end said.
"Who else?"
"So, are we still on for lunch?"
"You bet."
"Great." He sounded both relieved and excited. "There's a café just outside your hotel. It serves a great lunch that I think you'll love. Wanna meet there"
"Mm hmm. I'll see you in about ten to fifteen minutes?"
There was a momentary pause. "Why the delay?"
She looked at the red bra and thong. "I thought I'd change into something more… comfortable."
She could almost imagine his grin on his face. "Fifteen minutes, then," he said. "See you."
She hung up the phone, then proceeded to take off her bra and panties. Then, she slipped on the thong, feeling its silkiness against her skin as it rose up her legs to her crotch. Next was the bra and when she lifted the straps over her shoulders, she felt like she had put on a second skin. She then threw on a shirt and a pair of jeans. She wanted to be sexy, but she didn't want to reveal too much. Sometimes, it was sexier to conceal, she thought.
She found the café and walked in. John saw her and waved. She smiled and waved back. Her heart was beating faster and faster and she felt a stirring in her crotch. Or maybe it was the thong riding against the crack of her ass.
"Hi!" she said cheerfully as she sat.
John looked her over. "You look great, mum," he said. "When you said you were wearing something more comfortable, I didn't think it was a shirt and jeans."
"What did you expect, a satin gown?"
"That would've been nice too."
They ordered their lunch and proceeded to talk about stuff. He talked about school, she talked about work. He talked about friends, she talked about relatives. It was generally a normal mother-son conversation. Yet as they talked, Sandra couldn't help not getting lost in his dark eyes. He was so young and strapping and alluring. It felt like she was being sucked into something from which she had no hope of escaping from… and she yearned for more of it.
They soon finished eating. Sandra sipped on her drink while John just looked at her. She eyed him a few times. "Penny for your thoughts?" she asked.
"I missed you last night," he said.
"I missed you too. But I was wondering how long we'll be able to keep this up. Or whether we should even keep it up."
John moved himself closer to her. Her heart almost stopped beating when their legs touched.
"Last night," he started, "when I was with my other… client, all I could think about was you. I mean, I couldn't… perform without imagining that I was with you."
She looked around at the other diners. "Keep your voice down. People might get the wrong idea."
"They don't notice us. That's why I picked this spot, to give us some privacy."
She paused. "So you're saying that you want to keep doing what we're doing?"
He smiled at her. Then without any warning, his hand thrust under her pants from her waist and was soon trapped between her jeans and her ass. She gasped in amazement and excitement. No one had ever done that to her. In fact, she didn't think it was possible to do that at all. But she loved the feeling. He was feeling her bum in broad daylight in a very public place, and she found it an extreme turn-on. Then she felt him slowly rub her and she let out a soft groan.
"You feel nice, mum," he whispered into her ear. He rubbed her a bit more with his middle finger between her ass cheeks. "And that little strip of cloth there feels very sexy."
In between gasps, she said, "I just bought it. And the bra too."
"I want to see them."
They looked into each other's eyes. Then, with a slight squeeze on her bum, he said, "Let's get out of here."
They quickly left the café and rushed back to the hotel. Sandra felt a great rush being with her son. It reminded her of the first time she bungee jumped, when all of her blood rushed into her head and made her feel dizzy and the only thing keeping her safe was the cord that was tied around her ankles. She felt that same rush, even though she wasn't falling. Or maybe she was falling, falling in love. In lust.
They entered the elevator and she stabbed at her floor's button. Once the doors were sealed, John pulled her to him and pressed his lips against hers. She offered no resistance when his tongue entered her mouth. As their tongues wrapped around each other's, his hands were alternately running across her back and squeezing her jeans-covered bum, while she ran her fingers through his hair and rubbed his shoulders and upper back.
He was soon pulling her shirt out from under her pants. She felt the cool air rush up against her chest, like electricity charging its way up. Then his fingers were on her jeans button. As they continued kissing like two long-lost lovers, he managed to unbutton her jeans and pull the zip down. She gasped when he pressed his entire palm against her thong-covered pussy.
She yelped when the doors opened. But John had pulled her back to him and they continued kissing as they fumbled their way down the corridor to her room. By the time they were outside her door, her jeans had fallen to her knees.
"Johnny, Johnny," she gasped as he kissed her neck and squeezed her crotch. "My pants are down, let me pull them up."
But he ignored her and continued kissing. She kissed back with the same ferocity, but she soon regained her senses when she felt the cold air between her legs. "John, stop, please. I'm exposed in public!"
"There's no one around, no one to see you."
"John, John, oohhh, Johnny…" She felt herself giving in to his passionate embrace and kisses. Her fingers dug in her purse and pulled out the keycard. Suddenly, he pressed his crotch against hers. She squealed in delight and rubbed herself against him. She was pressed against the door now, which gave her just enough room to angle the keycard in place and unlock the door.
They entered the room quickly and the door shut behind them. John started unbuttoning her shirt, then pulling it down her arms, while she worked at unbuttoning his pants. She gasped when she touched his erection that was still trapped by his boxers. He pulled his T-shirt over his head and tossed it aside.
She backed away slowly from him, giving him a full view of her body, clad only in the lacy red bra and the sliver of the red thong. He smiled appreciatively as he approached her.
"You like what you see?" she teased.
"Without a doubt."
Then he swept her off her feet, his lips meeting hers, and dropped her on the bed. He lifted a bra cup off one of her breasts, then started smothering the exposed skin with his wet kisses. He did the same with the other breast, all the while squeezing and rubbing them.
"Be gentle with the bra, dear," she gasped. "They're new."
"Then maybe you should take them off before I tear them."
She grinned and quickly took them off. "Help me with my panties."
He looked at her crotch, admiring the sensual V-shape of the thong. He gripped its edges and pulled them down her legs. She lifted her bum and feet, giving him easy access. Once it was off, he held it in his hand, looking it over as if he was looking at a thong for the first time.
"You know, I've seen quite a few of these in my line of work." Then he brought it to his nose and took in a deep breath. "But none of them ever smelled the way this one does."
"You're disgusting!" she laughed.
He flung the thong aside, then pounced on her, enjoying the feel of her naked skin against his. His hands worked at her breasts and bum while he plastered her all over with his kisses. She groaned every time his fingers rubbed gently across her nipples, and groaned even louder every time he sucked on them.
But there was just one problem. "Your boxers, they're hurting me."
"Take them off for me."
He lay on his back, letting her pull them off him. She wrapped her fingers around his thick member, then bent down to kiss it. She kissed the tip, running her tongue over the slit, then she licked all the way down his shaft, before returning up to the head. He groaned when she sucked at the head. Slowly, she took more and more of his cock, until she almost had it all in her mouth. But he was too long and thick for her.
John sensed her discomfort. "Hang on a minute, mum," he said, "Lie on your back with your head just off the edge."
She understood immediately. After doing as told, John knelt in front of her with a pillow under his knees. His cock was in direct line with her mouth. She opened wide, letting him slide his whole member in. "Oh yeah, mum…" he moaned. "Take it in… take it all in…" As he continued in his forward motion, he pushed more and more of his cock into her mouth.
Soon, he had his entire member in her mouth, his head brushing against her throat. She coughed a few times initially, but gradually, she got used to his size. Pretty soon, he was fucking her mouth and she was loving every moment of it. He leaned over, grabbing a handful of breast with each hand, and rubbed and squeezed them as she continued sucking him. He was in heaven as he felt her warm mouth around his cock.
But he wanted more. He wanted her pussy. He looked down her body at the inviting pink lips. He reached down and ran a finger over it. She quivered at his touch, causing her to cough. After she had resumed sucking, he touched her again, and she coughed again. He did it again and again.
"You like that, don't you?" he said.
Her mouth was full of cock and she could only mumble something in agreement.
He stopped thrusting into her mouth and climbed up onto the bed. She pulled herself back up and rested against the headboard. Her saliva was all over her lips and cheeks. She wiped it off quickly with her hand, then dried off on the bed covering. John had his fingers buried in her pussy and he was kissing her breasts as she cleaned herself off.
"I love you, mum," he said.
"I love you too," she replied.
"I know."
She looked at him questioningly.
"Your pussy told me so." He pulled out his fingers. They were covered in her wet cum. He rubbed them over her belly to dry them off and she found it extremely erotic. Then he moved in between her legs. She knew what was coming next and she welcomed it by spreading her legs open.
And then his cock was in her pussy. She closed her eyes and groaned as he pushed into her. He started slow, relishing every touch and every moment. He kissed her on the cheek and neck. He nibbled at her ear while his cock moved in her rhythmically. She wrapped her arms around his muscular chest, her palms flat against his back, pulling him tight against her body.
"Oh mum, oh… your pussy… it's fucking… fantastic!"
His movements increased with greater strength. The sound of his balls slapping against her ass filled the room together with the sounds of their moans and groans of pleasure. Her hands found his ass and she helped to push him in every time he entered her. Sweat dripped from his nose and onto her.
"Uhh, yeah… fuck me, Johnny… fuck me with your thick cock! Fuck me! Fuck meeee!"
And then, she felt a great orgasm wash over her body like a huge wave. She moaned loudly as it filled all of her senses. Her whole body was in a spasm. Her back arched and her breasts were crushed against his chest. She found herself slamming her crotch against him each time he thrust into her. She pulled him tightly against her, his head next to hers. She heard his breathing growing louder and louder.
"Ohhh… mum… mum… yeah… yeah….!!!"
And she felt his cum shoot out from his cock and fill her pussy. She lifted her crotch, burying his cock in her, trapping him. He continued pushing into her, letting her tight pussy squeeze his cock and milk every last drop of his cum. She held him tightly, relishing the feel of his warm cum in her pussy. He thrust into her a few more times, but now he was doing it more so to feel the skin of his cock rub against the inner flesh of her pussy. He loved that sensation and he wanted more of it.
Finally, when he had shot his entire load, he lay down gently on her, his fingers stroking the side of her face. His cock shrunk while still buried in her pussy. He continued to move slowly in her. It sent little tingly sensations all around her crotch, which delighted her. Like her darling son, she too enjoyed the feel of a cock in her.
After catching his breath, he kissed her softly. "That was wonderful, mum," he panted. "Maybe even better than last night."
"I know what you mean." She ran the tips of her fingers all over his back, like a feather stroking him.
"I can't believe you let me cum in you. Not that I'm complaining or anything."
"I guess I was caught up in the moment and forgot everything." She giggled. "Besides, it felt naughty with another man's cum in me."
"You want to know what I thought was really naughty?"
"What?"
He leaned over the side of the bed and picked up her thong. He dangled it over her face. "This. Never in a million years did I think that you'd wear this."
"Well, I wore it for a special occasion. With a special someone."
She smiled and kissed him. Then her face became serious. "I want you with me for the rest of the day. Please tell me you're free."
He gave a peck on her nose. "I'm yours all day and all night."
She smiled gleefully. "Good."
They kissed again, pressing their bodies against each other. And his thong-covered hand caressing her back.