I hope you enjoy this story. There is a little rough sex in this story. If that offends you, you may want to skip this story.
Edited by DRGriffin
I tell Mark what is happening
The next morning, I was awakened by noise from the kitchen. I looked at the clock and saw that it was almost eight. I arose, looked in the mirror at my naked ass and saw no marks. My nipples were still sensitive as I touched them but there were no marks from the clamps. My ass still hurt a little and my pussy felt like I had a truck driven through it but all in all I was okay. I threw on a tee shirt and went to see what was causing the noise.
It was Mark cooking. The smell caused my mouth to water and I almost forgot about my hurting body. Mark said, "How about some pancakes?"
This was the first I knew that Mark could cook anything. I was so hungry I would have eaten anything. I said, "When did you learn to cook?"
Mark laughed and said, "I'm not sure I can yet but I am trying." I couldn't remember the last time I heard him laugh.
The tee shirt barely covered my privates but I had already decided that Mark was essentially not there. So, I sat on the stool at the little kitchen counter without concern for what he saw. He poured me a cup of coffee, ladled four pancakes on a plate and placed it in front of me. I poured on some syrup and ate a bite.
Mark looked expectantly and asked, "How is it?"
"Excellent. Where did you learn to cook?"
"Are you really interested?"
I nodded my head with my mouth stuffed full of pancake. I realized I was starved and I still needed to put on a few pounds for Mistress. Mark looked clean and sober.
"Yes, I really want to hear."
Mark stood on the other side of the kitchen counter eating his pancakes. "Well after the incident with Jerome and Bernice, I decided I had to do something with my life. Not because I think we will get back together but because I realized I was wasting my life. I also concluded that being a drunk wasn't good for anyone. So, I went to an AA meeting Thursday. I had gone for 24 hours by then without a drink."
I said still wolfing down pancakes, "That is great Mark, but please do it for you not me."
"I am. I know you have given up on me. I just appreciate that you haven't kicked me out already. I don't know what is happening to you but I promise to stay out of your way."
I felt something like, oh I don't know, maybe guilt even though I didn't have anything to feel guilty about. I decided to say, "Good, continue."
"I have gone to a meeting every day since. I know that it is only the seventh day but it is the longest I have gone for, well, ever. I was an alcoholic at sixteen. Anyway, my sponsor offered me a job as a cook at the homeless shelter. He knew I didn't know how to cook but the people down there are training me. Pancakes were the first thing they showed me. Funny thing is, I enjoy cooking. It helps me keep my mind off my problems. My sponsor said that the people at the shelter think I have an aptitude for cooking."
I said, "Mark, I am very impressed and happy for you. May I have a couple more? I am really hungry."
Mark smiled, "Sure, glad you like them."
Mark continues, "Anyway, I'll usually be at the shelter for breakfast and lunch six days a week. I won't make much money but at least I am learning something and it makes me feel useful. The only reason I am here this morning is that they want me to work tonight. But Merilee, I plan to stay out of your way. I know that I have been a bad husband. There are two steps that will involve you in the twelve steps but I'm not ready yet to take them. Just know I am sorry for the person I have been."
"Mark, I think we have to admit that we were never really compatible. I know that now. But we have shared raising Cherry. While we haven't been good for each other, we have raised an outstanding daughter. Let's be proud of that."
Mark racked two more pancakes on my plate as he said, "You are right. If there is anything I can do for you other than stay out of your way, I would like to help. It is helping me to continue living here while I am getting on my feet. I owe you."
"Thanks for the pancakes. These are very good but this is all I can eat. I think I want to explain what is happening with me. Without getting into specific details, the Woolsey's offered me an opportunity to make enough money to fund Cherry's education. Mom had done something similar for me to make it without a husband or a skill. They are paying me for some number months to be their sex slave."
Mark's jaw dropped. "Why would they even think you would accept?"
I said, "Because they knew I was submissive even when I didn't. They thought it because of their experience with Mom and we are so much alike. No matter they are right. I am submissive. Said a different way, I am a slut or a slut in training. I want to do the things they are making me do. Last night I passed the oral sex test."
"So that is why you were sucking Jerome's dick."
"Yes, but I liked it. Next Monday is the big dick test. I have to take a couple of really large penises."
"You mean larger than Jerome?"
"That is what I understand."
"My goodness, his is the largest I have ever seen."
"Me too. But I have only seen three. Rod Woolsey, Jerome and yours."
"Mine is really small, I know. You will not insult me by telling the truth. That is one of the things I am determined to do from now on. I am going to accept who I am. Is Rod as big as Jerome?"
"I would say about the same."
"So, you will have to take Rod next Monday?"
"No, he fucked me last night after I passed the oral sex test. Apparently, there are people larger than Rod and Jerome."
"My goodness. Well best of luck. I clearly can't help you with large dick practice. Is there something else I can help you with?"
"The same way I can help you. Be supportive."
"That is fair. I appreciate your support and you can count on me. I know I haven't given you any reason to have confidence in me. But I am determined this time. Shake?"
He reached out his hand. I considered hugging him but decided that might give him ideas. We shook.
Mark said, "You know I liked when you told me what to do. Maybe we are both submissive."
I said, "Maybe."
Mark smiled and said, "I need to get to work."
I said, "I like the way that sounds." Mark had the kitchen cleaned up while we talked.
After he left I looked in the bag Mistress had given me. There was a large dildo with fake balls and a suction cup base. I used a tape measure to find that it was twelve inches long and a little over two inches wide. I thought about how large Rod and Jerome were. I guessed about eight inches but nowhere close to two inches wide. I was sore from Rod screwing me one time. How could I take one much less two dicks larger than Rod?
I was so worried about being able to do what they wanted I decided I needed to talk to Mistress. I text her and asked if I could talk to her before work tonight.
I had a session with Regina. She gave me some advice how to gain additional weight in the right places. She gave me an additional supplement and wanted me to eat more.
I knocked on Sid's office door at five. As I entered, she said, "Slave stand there with your head bowed."
I waited for about five minutes before she said, "Remove your clothes, and come stand in front of my desk."
I did as she commanded, and stood in front of her desk with my head bowed. She inspected my body, touching my nipples which reacted to her touch by getting hard and standing out. She rubbed my ass where she had spanked me the night before.
Finally, she touched me between the legs and my vagina obliged her by getting her finger's wet. She laughed and said, "You are a very responsive slut, aren't you?"
"Yes Mistress, I am for you."
"Were you sore this morning?"
"My tits, ass and pussy were very sore this morning. Sir Rod's dick really stretched me. That is why I wanted to talk to you."
"Okay."
"Mistress, I looked at the dildo and I am worried I will disappoint you Monday night. I can't imagine taking two penises in one night that size."
"You will or be punished like you can't imagine. On Friday night, you will go to the Platinum Club and see Tobias. You will do a special show for at least five guys in the VIP room by taking half of the dildo in your slutty cunt in a show. You will fuck yourself with it while they masturbate on you. You will then give Tobias and anyone else he chooses a blow job. You will do what Tobias tells you to do that night. The two people you will do Monday are not as long as the dildo I gave you but have that girth. After Friday night, you will not touch your pussy. I want you tense Monday night. Understand?"
"Yes, Mistress but I could barely take Sir Rod, I just don't think I can have my pussy stretched enough by Friday night."
"Ok, I will be generous. You can have Jerome tomorrow for two hours. You will be ready for Friday night's show."
"Yes Mistress. One more thing if I may?"
"Go ahead."
"I want to do this long enough to get Cherry four years of college."
"Yes, I thought you would. You are realizing what a nasty slut you really are. Aren't you?"
"Yes Mistress. Seems like it."
"Tell you what, I am going to let you have Jerome all you want until Friday night and you can have all the orgasms you want until then. That should make it easier."
"Thank you, Mistress. I would like to fuck Jerome."
"I think you need to show your Mistress some appreciation. Don't you?"
"Yes Mistress. Anything you want?
"Give your Mistress an orgasm. Remove my clothes."
I removed her blouse. She had more muscle that breasts. She did have large puffy areola on her buffed pectoral muscles. I removed her skirt. She wore no panties. She had huge glutes and thighs. There was no sign of hair anywhere but the butch haircut on the top of her head. I assumed she had removed all her body hair via laser treatments. She was smooth, pale and hard all over. She had a tattoo of a flexed muscled arm on her Mons Pubis. The elbow touched the top of her slit.
After I removed her clothes, she sat on the couch and spread her legs. I knelt between her legs and started to lick her pussy. While I much preferred sex with men, it was getting to be somewhat pleasant to have sex with women. I thought I was getting better at it. As she began to moan, I could sense the excitement she was feeling. I focused on her clit. As I licked it elongated to show outside the hood. I took the miniature penis between my lips without touching it with my teeth. I gently flicked it with my tongue as her juices flowed into my mouth. Her moaning became more intense.
Her hip rolled up and down causing her pussy to bounce up and down on my mouth. I let her fuck my mouth like this until she said, "Oh yeah my nasty slut, that is the spot. I am ready to cum. Oh, yeahhhhhhhh."
I could feel her pussy and powerful legs contract causing her to tremble. It felt like a good orgasm for Mistress. I was pleased with myself. I didn't move until she said, "That was very good. You have been a good slut tonight. Now get me dressed before you go to work. I will have Jerome at your trailer at ten tomorrow morning and then whatever you work out is between the two of you for the rest of the week. You have made me very happy with your decision to accept our offer to help Cherry."
"Thank you, Mistress."
Preparation for the large penis test
Mark had left for work before I got up. I was excited to have Jerome to myself for a couple of hours. My pussy, tits and ass had healed. I wanted to have sex badly. I bathed, shaved and put lotion over my body. My vagina seemed to be dominating me. It was seeping.
I couldn't decide what to wear. I didn't have that many option that were sexy. Maybe just go nude. Maybe just a tee shirt, one that was very thin. Maybe one of the three outfits purchased from Elsa. Maybe just a bra and panties. I decided I wanted something he could take off. Then it hit me. I still had the negligee I wore after I recovered from delivering Cherry. It was a one night stay in a downtown hotel Mark and I called our honeymoon. I rummaged through my drawers and found it at the bottom of one.
It was a pink frilly baby doll with old fashioned panties. I put it on and looked in the mirror. The top was nearly transparent but my bottom was covered. I thought,'You look almost like you did eighteen years ago.'Somehow this seemed right.
With a mixture of excitement and apprehension I waited for Jerome. Excitement because I wanted to fuck Jerome ever since Mom had. Apprehension because he could be my son.
There was a knock on the door. I opened it. Jerome said, "Hi, Merilee, you look beautiful."
I smiled, "This old thing?" I hugged him and kissed him deeply. He kissed me back just as eagerly.
When he released me, I lead him to the couch, sat him down and got on my knees to remove his shoes. I knelt between his spread legs, unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off. I unsnapped and unzipped his jeans. I pulled them over his hips as he raised.
Standing I slowly pulled the top over my head.
Jerome said, "Merilee, you have the most beautiful tits."
"You think prettier than Bernice?"
"Well it would be hard to call."
"Thanks for being honest. You called Bernice Granny, call me Mommy."
Jerome gave me a sly smile as he said, "Yes Mommy."
I had placed the giant dildo on the coffee table. I said, "Baby boy, I really appreciate you helping me out. I need to get this thing in me somehow Friday night. I am thinking you are at least close to being this big around. If I can take all your real penis, then I think I might be able to take this silicon dildo."
I sat next to him. He wrapped his arm around me as we kissed again passionately. The kiss lasted. He was rubbing my chest while we kissed. My nipples were standing out already. He found them and gave each a light pinch. I moaned and my underwear got a nice spritz of moisture. Jerome moved to nibble my tits. He couldn't get enough of my G's. I knew this was making him hard. I was anxious to have him in my tight vagina.
I hated to stop his munching on my breasts. I slipped off my underwear and said, "I am ready to try out your big boy. You ready?"
Jerome said, "I'm here to help so up to you."
"Let's first try it with you on top. Take it slow so I can get used to you."
I laid back on the couch, while Jerome positioned between my legs with his hard penis ready. He lowered himself, the head entering my sopping pussy. I was so excited to have this nineteen-year-old wanting to screw me. It somehow made me feel sexy to know this. My head was propped on the arm of the couch so I could see what he was doing. When he was a third of the way in I could feel the pain of being torn apart. I put my hand on his abdomen to stop him.
I said, "Let me get used to that much before you give me more."
Jerome said, "Mommy this feels so good. You are so tight."
He lowered his mouth to my big soft breasts and kissed them all over. This helped me relax. The pain was beginning to diminish. I said, "Ok baby boy, I am ready for you to move slowly just don't go any deeper until I say so."
He started a very slow movement in and out. I felt so full as his penis. It was hitting me in exactly the right places. Before long I was having orgasms. I could see that Jerome was getting a little deeper but very slowly. Each time he pushed harder I could feel the pain of being stretched.
Jerome said, "Mommy you are so tight. I'm trying to hold out but I'm not sure how long I can. But you know I can get it back up soon."
"Baby boy, I know. Please enjoy yourself. I'm certainly enjoying you. My orgasms are almost continuous. Can you feel them?"
"Yes Mommy, I can. It feels too good for me to hold out much longer. I am about half way in now. Is it still hurting you?"
"A little but nothing like when Sir Rod fucked me Monday or when you first entered me. You have a wonderful penis. Mommy really likes it in her."
He continued to stroke me. I forgot about the task at hand and just enjoyed being fucked by this young man. I was amazed at how long he could hold out despite his excitement. I was moaning with my eyes closed. I looked into Jerome's eyes. He was staring at my large breasts rolling from side to side.
I smiled at him, "You like looking at your Mommy's breasts. Don't you?"
"Yes Mommy. I can't hold out much longer. Here it comes."
I started having my largest orgasm. I screamed, "Oh mmmmmyyyyyy. Your large shaft feels so good."
I could feel the juices running out the edges of my pussy. He must have shot his jizzum in me for at least a minute. He was hosing me very deeply, the deepest anyone had been in my vagina. He was three quarters of the way there. I was beginning to believe I could do it.
Jerome penis shrank out of me. When he sat up I stayed where I was and grabbed the giant dildo. I wanted to see how much I could accommodate already. My vagina was sopping from my juices and Jerome voluminous ejaculation. I pushed it in and the head of the silicone penis went in with no trouble. I pushed a little and a third entered without me feeling too stretched. It felt good. I was still excited. So, with the additional pressure on my clit and rubbing across my g-spot, I had a big orgasm.
My eyes rolled back in my head and I moaned loudly. After the shudder past, I looked up and Jerome smiled, "Looks like mommy doesn't need me anymore."
I smiled back at him, took the dildo out, sat up, and hugged him, "Baby boy, you feel so much better than that silicone thing. I think with a little more practice I can get it in. It is really only a little larger than you."
I kissed his cheek then pulled him into me and kissed him deeply. I asked, "Are you able to go one more time for me?"
"I have enough time to go once more. Can I have some water before we start again?"
"Where are my manners. You want something to drink? I do plan to feed you lunch before you go."
"Both would be good. I have another appointment, real tech work, at one. So, lunch with you would be good."
I fixed us both a glass of ice water. I could feel his eyes following my ass as I did. I handed him the glass of ice water and asked, "Do you think my hips are too slender?"
Jerome said, "Actually, I was thinking you are getting a little extra padding and it looks really good. Your breasts are so large a little extra booty would look sexy."
I rubbed my hands down my hips and said, "That is very nice of you to say. I am trying to add a little here." I slapped my ass cheek as I said this.
Jerome took a big gulp of water, "You have a wonderful body. I don't think I could ever get enough of it. Are you ready for more practice?"
I looked down at his growing penis and said, "I think Mommy is making you hard again just by showing off her body. What if I did this?"
I bent over at the waist, letting my tits hang down, and took his growing penis in my mouth. He cupped my hanging breasts in his hands and squeezed. It felt so good as he put more and more pressure on them. I really wanted to keep his penis in my mouth longer but realized I needed as much penis in pussy time as possible. I thought that I needed to get used to the feeling of a penis head hitting my cervix. Being able to relax was a key to accommodating the dildo in my throat.
I raised up, straddled his hips and slipped his now hard dick into my vagina. This time half of it slipped in before I thought I needed to stop. What's more it felt great. There was no pain. I had a large orgasm. My body shuddered and I made a gross feline sound.
As the tremor past Jerome said, "I think Mommy is getting used to my big dick."
I could barely talk but mumbled, "It felt so good, I wish I could keep it in forever."
I started rocking my hips backward and forward. I could feel the juices running down my legs onto Jerome and then onto the couch. I thought about the stain I was making. But I didn't care. Nothing seemed to matter but the dick in my hole.
Jerome took first one and then another of my breasts in his mouth and sucked them hard. I had both hands on his shoulders giving me a lever to control my hips.
I commanded, "Byte down on my nipples."
Jerome did. I could feel his teeth on the areola. I knew he wasn't breaking the skin but the pain enhanced the pleasure in my genitals. The orgasms were getting even larger with the pain.
I continued to work Jerome's penis deeper and deeper into my vagina. I could feel the head hitting my cervix. This time it didn't cause me the discomfort the way it had. I got confident that I could continue to push. I was only two inches from taking it all. Each stroke I took in a little more.
Jerome said "Mommy that feels incredible. You are so tight and wet. A little more and you will have it all."
I was moaning as the orgasms continued to come and each seemed to be greater than the last. I could now feel my Mons Pubis hitting his hard-flat stomach. He was all the way in. I could feel him hitting my cervix but also he was rubbing across my G-spot. It felt so good to be so full.
Jerome's penis was growing, getting ready to erupt again. He continued to abuse my breasts. They were so sensitive. He was on the verge of breaking skin. The pain felt so good. What was wrong with me? This sweet boy is making me more excited by causing me pain.
Jerome yelled, "Oh my gawd Mommy, it's so good. I am all the way in and I am going to cum deep inside you. Hold that and I will show you how it feels to have a penis erupt deep inside you"
I yelled, "Let me have it. Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhh..."
I could feel the ejaculation deep inside me. It was so deep it didn't immediately seep out of me. I continued to sit on him. I didn't want to take it out. I nibbled on his ear as he stroked my breast. His penis was not shrinking very quickly. Young men are so able to keep it up it is amazing.
I then heard the trailer door being unlocked and being opened. I lowered my head and whispered in Jerome's ear, "Don't move. Mark knows and is ok with us. I want him to see what we are doing. Ok?"
He whispered back, "Fine with me. Last time it was clear who was in charge."
I hadn't thought about it but maybe I was in charge. This was a new thought for me.
Mark got in the door and said, "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bother you."
I said with Jerome still in me, "No need to leave. We are just about done."
I couldn't see his face but I heard Mark say, "Can I fix y'all lunch? They wanted me to do dinner tonight instead of lunch. I might as well fix lunch for us."
I said as I smiled at Jerome, "What time is it?"
Mark said, "It is close to noon."
"Thanks Mark that would be great. Jerome is on a tight schedule."
Jerome whispered, "That isn't all that is tight on Jerome."
I said, "I guess I better get off you. I want to try the dildo one more time."
I kissed him deeply while he still had both my breasts in his hands. I glanced over to see that Mark was beginning to fix us lunch but he was glancing to see what we were doing. I got off Jerome, sat next to him, took the dildo, pressed the suction cup onto the coffee table, straddled it and pushed it into my vagina.
I looked over at Mark and said, "My test this week is to get half of this in my pussy. Jerome is helping me stretch my vagina. He is doing such a great job for me."
I had lowered myself onto the giant dildo without much pain. But it seemed to want to stop and I didn't want to force it yet. I instructed, "Baby boy, let me lick you clean."
Jerome stood in front of me while I let the giant dildo slip in as far as possible and I cleaned off the semen from his softening penis, balls and legs. I could feel my vaginal wall relax a little more and I thought it slipped in a little more. Mark had taken a dish cloth to wipe off the couch as he watched us.
After I finished, I looked between my legs and said, "Look guys I am almost there and the pain is not bad." Both Mark and Jerome were staring at the giant dildo in my vagina. I saw Jerome's softening penis twitch.
I stared at his young genitals, "You need to control that big thing of your or you won't make your one o'clock."
Jerome laughed, "You need to cover that beautiful twat, if I am going to make my one o'clock."
"Yeah time to get dressed and get you on your way."
Mark said, "I will have us lunch soon."
Jerome put back on his clothes while I went to the bedroom to clean up and put on a tee shirt and panties. Mark had grilled us a ham and cheese sandwich with some potato salad.
Mark said, "I made the potato salad for the shelter. They let me bring some home. Hope you guys like it."
Jerome took a bite, "Mark, this is really good. Are you a cook?"
Mark smiled at the complement, "Well, I am trying. I have a job at the homeless shelter and they are training me to be a cook."
Jerome said, "Man, you are on your way. This is the best potato salad I have had and the sandwich is really good also."
I had taken a bite of each, "Jerome is right Mark, this is really good."
Both were staring at my still hard nipples that showed through my braless thin tee shirt. I really hadn't meant to put on a show like this.
Mark asked, "So you have to get that big thing in you by Friday?"
"Yes, that is what Mistress Woolsey has commanded. I didn't think I could make it until now. Sir Rod fucked me Monday night and I could barely walk Tuesday morning. That is why I requested help from Jerome. He is about the same size as Sir Rod. Besides I like my baby boy Jerome. I hope he hasn't minded fucking an old woman like me."
Jerome smiled with a big bite of potato salad in his mouth. "Mind. It has been my pleasure. Anytime you want a fuck, I am available."
I said, "Well, now that you mention it. I only have one more day to practice. Think you could come tomorrow also."
Jerome said, "I am booked solid all day with things I can't get out of."
Mark said, "What about sleeping with Merilee tonight?"
I looked at Mark and said, "That is a good idea. Baby boy would you like to take care of Mommy tonight and tomorrow morning?"
Jerome said, "Good by me. What time should I come by?"
Mark said, "I will be home by eight. So, you can come by at nine and we can watch the game. Merilee doesn't get home until midnight. I assume you watch football?"
Jerome smiled, "I like that plan. I will bring a change of clothes and go directly to work after taking care of Mommy."
I got up and hugged Mark for the first time in years. I whispered, "Thank you. You can watch if you want."
Mark smiled back and nodded.
We finished lunch. Jerome hugged me and shook hands with Mark before leaving for work.
I said to Mark, "I really appreciate how you are taking this."
Mark said, "It is mutual. I appreciate you letting me get on my feet before you kick me out. Just tell me what to do."
I asked, "Would you like to watch?"
Mark said, "Yes."
"Then I will leave the door open."
Mark nodded and smiled.
Jerome sleeps with me
I got back from work about midnight. The lights were out. I wondered if Jerome was there. I got in the bedroom and saw his naked body laid out on my bed. He was asleep. I decided not to wake him. I slipped next to him naked. Luckily my bedroom had a queen-sized bed.
I positioned myself so he could sleep. I dropped off. Then I started to dream. In my dream, I felt someone rubbing my breasts with something pressing into my ass. I woke up just enough to wonder if the feelings were real or imagined. Someone was rubbing my breasts so gently I knew it couldn't be real. But the hard dick rubbing on my ass didn't feel dreamlike. It felt hard and real. My slutty overworked vagina started getting wet again. I thought maybe I will be fucked for the third time in less than 24-hours. It must be Jerome's dick rubbing my sensitive asshole. I hoped it was anyway.
He touched my vagina and found that it was ready to do whatever his young heart desired. It felt like a wet dream to me when he pushed his long penis into my wanting hole. It felt so good. I didn't want to wake but wanted to remember this.
He was so gentle that even the light brushing of his lips on my neck made me quiver. He easily pushed all his manhood into me. It felt so good with no pain at all. The orgasm began as soon as I felt his stomach brushing my ass. He kept one of his hands kneading one or the other of my breasts while kissing the back of my neck and shoulders. I kept my eyes closed but couldn't help but moan and make small movements with my hips to receive him. He didn't hurry or change his pace. I'm not sure how long it took but he eventually came deep inside me. He stopped moving as soon as he started his ejaculation. I could feel the goo from his penis hit deep inside my cervix. I had one last big orgasm with him.
After he was finished, he kept his big cock in my now drenched pussy and one hand cupped over my breast. He pulled me into him so we touched back to front the rest of the night.
At about six I awoke still in a spooning position. It was then I knew it wasn't a dream but a dreamy reality. I wanted to have him one more time before he went to work. I gently moved his hand and arm, disconnecting from him. I looked at this tall thin sleeping young man. I knelt by the bed and started licking his soft penis. It was the softest I had seen it but was still about seven inches long. As I licked I could feel it beginning to stir. At first it didn't get larger just started twitching. As it became firmer, I started kissing up and down the length of it.
Jerome rolled onto his back. He was beginning to wake. His penis was sticking up like a flag pole. I took the head of it in my mouth and did the technique Mom had taught me. He became fully erect almost immediately and made small thrusting movements. I took more of his penis in my mouth until I had it all.
I noticed a movement by the open door of my bedroom. I could see Mark naked from the waist down with his hard-little penis in his hand. He was stroking himself as he watched us. I was sure that Jerome didn't know this as he had yet to open his eyes.
I straddled Jerome and pushed the length of his penis into my still drenched pussy from the dream screw earlier. I was relieved that there was no pain at all. I just felt full. It was touching all the right spots. I slowly rocked back and forth. I could feel the juices flowing onto his groin. The fluids were his from a few hours earlier and from my now weeping vagina. I placed a hand on each breast. Still with his eyes closed he started kneading them.
He said in a whisper, "Mommy this feels so good. You have such a tight accommodating pussy."
I increased my rhythm with my trimmed reddish pubic hair mingling with his long curly black pubic hair. I was so happy I could take this long dong and only feel pleasure. I quickly glanced over to see Mark cum in a cloth. It pleased me that Mark could get pleasure from my pleasure. I didn't hate Mark. In fact, I was beginning to maybe like him somewhat like a brother. I did want the best for him. Mark disappeared from the door.
I glanced at the clock and it was 6:30. I needed to finish this even though I wanted it to last a long time. I picked up the pace and had a very large orgasm. I couldn't stay quiet. I whimpered, "Oh my, oh my, ..."
My body shivered and my pussy contracted on his rock-hard penis. I could feel his penis twitching, knowing it well enough to realize he was about to cum. I wanted my orgasm to last until he finished filling me with his fourth ejaculation. I needn't worry about that.
I didn't stop moving until this biggest long orgasm passed. When it did I collapsed on him. He was now fully awake and wrapped his arms around me. We kissed for a long time. I could feel his penis shrinking inside me. I thought well maybe now this buck is fucked out.
He whispered as my torso laid on him, "I love the wake up calls in this hotel."
"Part of the service. That was the best fuck ever."
He asked, "Did it hurt at all?"
"Nothing but pleasure. I am going to try the giant dildo again."
I knelt next to him so he could see, took the dildo I had laying on the side table and pushed it in. It went to halfway in without any resistance. We both giggled.
He said, "I think you have it. Did that hurt?"
"A little. I think I might be a little sore but there is no doubt I am ready for tomorrow night. Can you come and watch?"
"You have to be twenty-one for the Platinum Club. But good luck, I'm sure you will be a hit."
"Thanks," I said.
I said, "Go get your shower and I will fix you breakfast. I think Mark had to be at the shelter this morning. Too bad for you it will be my cooking."
Jerome looked over at the clock and said, "Just enough time."
I put on my tee shirt to fix Jerome breakfast. I scrambled eggs, fried sausage and toast. He came out ready for work in his clean clothes.
I had placed his and my plates at the bar along with juice and coffee. He said, "This is good."
"Thank you, but you should try Mark's cooking sometimes."
"So, you are inviting me back? By the way, I like Mark. He is a nice guy. We enjoyed watching the game last night. Is it over between the two of you?"
"Anytime. Just call. But not until next Tuesday. Mistress Sid has me scheduled until then. About Mark, we probably never had anything together but raising our daughter. I think we are closer to being friends now than we were ever really a couple."
Jerome asked between forkfuls of eggs, "How old is your daughter?"
"She is almost nineteen."
Jerome said, "I can't believe you have a daughter that age or that Granny is a grandmother. You both look so young and have amazing bodies."
"Are you an expert?"
Jerome thought and said, "The Woolsey's took me under their wing a couple years ago. They are helping me with college costs and I do them favors. I like them but they are, well, different. Anyway, I have seen quite a few women up close and personal. So, I am an expert of sorts even though I am only nineteen."
He had finished eating and said, "Thanks for breakfast, Mommy."
"I can't thank you enough for helping me. I have a chance now. Will you come see me again sometime next week?"
"Sure thing."
We hugged. He took one more opportunity to grope my ass and tits. He said, "Man, you have the best body."
I kissed him and said, "Until next time."
That night at work Sid pulled me aside and asked, "Are you ready for tomorrow night?"
"I think so."
"Slave, you know you are. I owe Tobias and you are to follow his orders. You should think that if he gives you a command it is the same as me. He knows what I want. Go by Elsa's and get an appropriate outfit for Platinum. I want you to look like a proper Woolsey Slut."
I said, "Yes Mistress. Thank you, Mistress I will make you proud."
I put on a show at Platinum for Tobias
Elsa had already picked out my outfit at Mistress Sid's direction. It was a white fishnet dress that had a strip of black vinyl in front that zipped up. The vinyl barely covered each areola and was about four inches wide from cleavage to the bottom of the dress that barely covered my pussy. It came with a black garter belt with fishnet stockings. Elsa had a tiny thong to go with the outfit.
I got to the club about eight with my bag containing my outfit, the giant dildo and lubricant. I didn't think I would need the lube as my overactive vagina was already making plenty. I still couldn't understand why these things I didn't want to do excited me so much. My body seemed to have its own agenda apart from what I thought I wanted.
At the entrance where a cover charge was being taken, I asked for Tobias. A huge black man came out the door, saw me wearing jeans and a tee shirt and said, "You must be Sid's slut."
I said, "Yes, Sir, I am."
He had to be three hundred pounds and six feet six. He was huge all over and very muscular. I thought he must be a friend of the Woolsey's through body building. Even with jeans on you could see the huge thighs and calves. He was wearing a tee shirt with a Platinum logo, showing off highly muscled arms and chest. He looked like a larger black version of Melville.
He said, "My name is Tobias. I own this club and am a friend of the Woolsey's. You know that the Woolsey's have loaned you to me for the night."
"Yes, Sir."
He looked me up and down, "You are really a sexy slut. I think I will call you Delicious tonight."
"Yes, Sir."
"Follow me to the dressing room." As I followed him I walked through a large room with three stages. There were nearly naked women everywhere. All the women were in their early twenties. Many had augmented breasts. The room was dimly lit but the stages were in harsh spot lights. I guessed there were fifty men in the hall. You could also see secluded areas spread though out the building. I was sure one of the secluded spots was where I would put on my show.
In the dressing room, Tobias came in without asking. There were other women dressing. He barely looked at them. He showed me to a dressing table with a mirror and said, "You can use this. That drawer is yours. The combination is 741. This area is always watched so your stuff is safe here. Now let me tell you how this will go. You can dress while I talk."
I had been staring at him, trying to decide what to do. I realized that now was not time to be shy. So, I started to get undressed.
"You are to mingle and get ten customers to agree to pay $50 for your show. You are to be nice to our customers while soliciting. They can touch anyway you allow. The show will be in our VIP room. You can give lap dances as a warm up but you have to keep your clothes on in the main room."
At this point I had just removed my bra and was looking at him. He stared at my huge natural tits, "Those are magnificent. I can see why Sid is spending her time training you. If nothing else the tits are worth it. Most of the girls spend thousands and can't get what you have naturally. Now, where was I?"
"The show will be in the VIP room."
"Right. Sid said you will use a large dildo. You are working for TIPS tonight. No one can pay you for sex but take tips for dancing which is art. You can't fuck but you are free in the VIP to do whatever else you want. The fifty to enter the VIP is for one drink. You will get whatever is in the tip jar or handed to you or stuffed wherever. Sid said I get a blow job. That will be the last thing you do in the show."
I was now standing in front of him nude. "Man, I would like to do you but Sid said no for tonight. Something to look forward to. Maybe. Anyway, let me see the dildo."
I showed him the dildo. He said, "That is a big one. I would suggest that you make a wager about whether you can take it. You put up a blow job against their $50. I assume you can get that big thing in your pussy."
I had on the garter belt, stockings and the dress on but not zipped up. Without thinking I reached down to touch my pussy. It was leaking and just a little touch made the leak visible. Tobias gave a grin, "Never mind, I can see that you are sloppy wet already just from me ogling you. Anyway, just a suggestion. Also, you can suggest a tip with a blow job for the best tippers. My blow job is free. Understand?"
I was now zipped up ready to go. I said with my head lowered, "Yes Sir."
He again gave me that toothy smile, reached around me, grabbed my ass with his huge hand and said, "Gawd, I wish you were my slut. I would fuck you senseless."
"Thank you, Sir."
"Have you ever worked a place like this?"
"No Sir."
"Don't tell anyone your name. Signal the bouncers if someone does anything out of line. No exceptions. Don't trust anyone. Here is Ethel. She will show you the VIP room and give you an introduction to the crowd. Now make your Mistress proud!"
"Yes Sir."
Ethel was middle aged and a little heavy but still attractive. She was wearing more clothes than any other female in the place but still showed plenty of cleavage. Ethel showed me to the VIP room where I left my bag with the giant dildo and lube.
I was a little lost on what to do so I went to the bar to get a drink. The bartender said, "You really should let one of the guys out there buy you a drink."
I nodded my head. Ethel grabbed my hand, pulled me on the stage after one of the strippers finished her set and announced, "We have a special guest tonight. This is Delicious. She will do a special show in the VIP room later tonight for ten of you. Delicious will select who gets to see her show. The cost to enter will be a one drink minimum for fifty dollars. This show will be worth it. Okay guys look her up." As Ethel said this last she had a smirk of a smile and lifted one of my breasts with her hand.
Someone close to the stage said, "Let's see those tits. Are those things real?"
Ethel laughed, "For a really good tip, Delicious might let you find out."
As I walked off the stage, it seemed like every table wanted me to stop and talk. I chose one with three middle-aged men dressed in what looked like country club casual. They looked like business men to me.
I stood next to one of them, "Hi guys. You already know my name is Delicious. What about you?"
One said, "My name is John, this is Tony and Dale. Is Delicious really your name?"
I thought about telling them the truth but I heard Tobias's advice in my head. So I gave them a teenage girl giggle or a facsimile, "It is Delicious. Tonight anyway."
Tony said, "Fine. Delicious can we buy you a drink?"
I said, "Sure. Do you guys come to this club often?"
A waitress was there taking the drink orders before I could hardly get the words out of my mouth.
Dale said, "Occasionally. We work a couple blocks away. We are accountants and like to blow off some steam on occasion. What about you?"
I said, "Honestly this is the first time I have been in a club like this. So I am new to this."
Tony said, "Really? You certainly have the body for it. Can we see more?"
The waitress came back with the drinks. I noticed the big tip Dale gave her. I took a sip of mine and it was mixed very weak. I realized they didn't want the talent to get drunk.
I said, "Well if you come to my show later tonight you will see everything. I plan to make it exciting. I think you will like it."
Something came over me. I place Dale's hand on my thigh.
Dale eyes roamed over me again, this time with what looked like lust.
Tony said, "So it is fifty. What do you do for fifty?"
I gave him a demur smile, "Well, it will be more than just seeing my jugs and ass. I plan to be very entertaining."
Dale's hand moved close to the small strip covering my slit. I placed my hand on Dale's crotch and whispered loudly in his ear, "Dale, I know you want to see my show."
Dale said, "You are right about that. I want to see whatever you want to show. Why don't you lower this zipper and give us a little more?"
I moved my hand from Dale's crotch and lowered the zipper on the vinyl strip in front of the dress and showed them to the bottom of my cleavage. I couldn't understand where this seductress came from. I had never done anything like this before. Maybe every woman knows how to flirt instinctively.
John said, "Oh we are in. When will the show begin?"
I said, "When I get ten volunteers." Tobias hadn't been specific about the time.
"Okay guys I will let Ethel know you are invited."
I gave each of them a hug as they groped my ass.
The waitress who had served the drinks pulled me aside and said "Hi, my name is Crystal. Ethel told me to take care of you. Are those guys going to your show?"
I said, "They are."
"There is a table over here you will want to try. By the way, good choice on these three. They are regulars and big tippers."
It took less than two hours to get my ten attendees. I managed to get the ten without a lap dance but did allow copious groping.
The VIP room had a set of couches arranged in a circle around a low circular platform that was usually used as a table. The staff had placed a padded mat on the platform which I planned to use for my show.
As I waited for my guys to arrive, I had time to think about what I was doing. To say I was nervous was an understatement. I really didn't know if I could do this. Not getting that big thing in because my pussy had been wet since Tobias watched me undress. And the soliciting for my show was more stimulating. No, it was that I had never done anything like this. After all, three weeks previous I had only screwed one small dick man and no one had seen me nude except him for almost twenty years. It was also hard for me to conceive that anyone wanted to see me like this. But it was clear they did.
I was so conflicted about doing this. In some ways, this was harder than taking direct commands from Mistress. Mistress had put me in a situation where she had made her expectation clear but left me to decide how to do this. Then if I didn't go through with this I would let Cherry down. I liked Tobias and I didn't want to let him down either. Mistress Sid was really helping Cherry. I didn't want to let her down. Additionally, even though my head said leave, another part of me craved to do this. I wanted men to lust after me. It turned me on like nothing ever had before.
In the end, my leaking wanting vagina was ruling all other thoughts. Not only did I know I could do this, my body wanted to do this. My audience started arriving.
As soon as all ten came in Tobias said, "Here are the rules guys. You can remove your clothes if you want to. You can masturbate if you want to. There will be no fucking in here. Anything else goes if Delicious approves. There is a tip jar for Delicious and she is likely to be more disposed to suggestions with more tips. She is freelancing so be generous. Now here is the Delicious Show."
I got up on the platform with the guys seated circling me. Each had a drink. There was music being piped in. I started swaying, "Want to see more guys?" I said while putting my fingers on zipper between my breasts.
Tony said, "I have been wanting to see more all night. Here." He threw a twenty-dollar bill on the table in front of me. I slowly unzipped to just below my waist but kept it closed together as best I could. I stepped down from the table in front of Tony.
I pulled the dress back to give a close view of my breasts to Tony, "Is this what you wanted to see, Tony?"
Tony smiled and said, "You better believe. Those are mighty fine!" He blew me an air kiss which I reciprocated.
I took his head between my hands, pulling his head between my big tits. I nearly had an orgasm. If he would have touched them with his hands I would have. I stepped back, pulled the dress together with my hands but left it unzipped to the waist and said, "Who wants to be next?" Money started hitting the table, I let each them either feel my tits or rub them on some part of their body. I did have a nice small orgasm from the first nipple feel.
I moved back on the table, fingered the zipper and said, "Want to see more?" Again, more money hit the table. I unzipped the fishnet dress, made a slow turn and let it drop from my shoulders. I still had on the little thong. I hooked my finger on either side of them and smiled at each as I turned in the middle of the platform. I caught Tobias's eye as he was standing back from the couches. He gave me a smile and a nod. For some reason, I wanted to please this man I had just met. I felt my excited womanhood getting even more agitated. I needed to give myself some relief soon. I could feel my juices running inside my thighs.
I pulled the thong down to my knees, bending with straight legs so those behind me could get a good view of my damp pussy and spread ass cheeks. I let the thong drop to the floor, picked it up and put it to my noise. I said with a devilish smile, "I can smell my own sex. Anyone else want to smell them?"
There were cries of, "Yes let me."
I looked at Tony, gave him a demur nod, stepped down in front of him and held them to his nose. He smelled them. He grabbed my ass and squeezed. I said, "Tell them how it smells."
As Tony groped my ass, he said, "Smell like Delicious sex."
I pulled his face down to me and kissed him on the cheek and whispered, "Exactly."
Tony said, "What about a feel now?" He had a twenty in his hand.
I glanced at the tip jar and said with a sexy smirk, "For another twenty you get to smell Delicious's sex and feel of Delicious's tits."
Tony smiled, "What a bargain." He dropped a twenty-dollar bill in my jar, I kept the thong under his nose as he smelled them and rubbed my tits.
I had a small orgasm, couldn't help but release a whispered, "Ahhhh..." I saw in Tobias's eyes that he knew l had an orgasm.
I let each grope me as they smelled my wet little thong. A few times I rubbed it between my legs with a flourish to make them even more odorous. I stepped back on the table, smelled the thong for a last time and threw it to Tony. I reached between my legs and put just a little pressure on my sopping wet pussy, not even inserting a finger and had an orgasm. I didn't try to hide this one. I stood there, body shivering and moaning from the quaking in my body.
I decided I was ready for the dildo. I pulled it out of its bag, held it up and said, "My show is to fuck this. Does anyone think I can't get half of this thing in my tight little pussy?" I put the dildo on the table, spread my legs, pulled the skinny folds of my labia back and said, "I mean this is one tight pussy. Think it really can stretch to get that monster in?"
It was about half and half. I said, "Throw a generous tip in my tip jar and I will show you. If I don't I will give each of you a free blow job. Also, it looks like there are a few of you in pain. I regret I am causing that pain. Feel free to release those dogs from captivity."
They opened their flies. I looked at ten dicks of various length and girth hanging out of their pants. I said, "What a beautiful sight. I love cock. I also love the feel of cum hitting my body. If you catch my drift."
Tobias gave me another nod. All the guys were throwing money on the table. Crystal had come in. She went around the table collecting the money to put in the tip jar. She got drink orders. She looked up at me and mouthed, "I will bring you water and a towel." She looked at the dildo and said louder, "Good luck with that. I know I couldn't so it."
I knelt facing Tony, put the dildo in my mouth, sucked its head as I placed a finger in my pussy. As I gave myself a nice orgasm, I sucked the dildo half way down my throat.
I pushed the suction cup of the dildo down hard to make it stick to the table. I said to Tony, "Would you help me baby? I would like to have my tits sucked while I am doing this."
Tony smiled, sat beside me, grabbed my ass in one hand and leaned over to take one of my G's into his mouth. The dildo head easily slipped into my vagina. I had an orgasm and a spray of fluid ran onto the dildo shaft. I felt someone grab my ass and took the free tit in a mouth. My eyes were closed so I couldn't see who it was and I didn't care. I slowly moved up and down on the shaft taking a little more of it into my vagina with each move.
I opened my eye enough to see that they were all standing around me with their dicks in their hands stroking them. I also saw Crystal and Tobias standing back. Crystal had a look of awe and gave me a little silent clap. Tobias just had a look of approval on his face. The guys were switching places so that each had some time with my tits. I felt like a downed buffalo calf surrounded by a pack of wolves. I knew that Tobias would keep control of this situation.
Someone said, "Guys, she has half of it in that tight pussy."
When he said this, I started a giant orgasm, I yelled, "Oh my gawd that is a biggggggg onnneeeee!" I could see that they were all masturbating. I laid back on the table with the dildo skewered in my vagina. I rammed it in and out of my pussy as fast as I could. The orgasms happened one after the other. I put my feet on the side of the table and spread my legs as wide as possible. I still felt both tits being manhandled. Then I felt the first splatter. I looked up and one of the dicks was erupting over my face. I opened my mouth to catch what I could.
I continued to slam the dildo in when someone said, "She almost has the whole damn thing in." I had a prolonged orgasm as cum was being splattered over my body. As I came down from this one I looked up and they had all masturbated on me.
I took the dildo out and sat up. Crystal handed me a bottle of water and towel and said, "Unbelievable."
I smiled. I decided to leave the cum covering my face and body.
Tobias was now close and said, "That is almost the end of the show. However, this slut has one more job. She has to make this thing cum." He had taken his huge hard dick out of his pants. "You can stay and watch if you wish. If you leave, make sure to show your appreciation to Delicious for the best show I have seen here at Platinum."
His dick was far larger than Jerome or Sir Rod. I thought I could get some of it in my mouth.
The guy wagered on how much I could get down my throat. I heard Tony take a hundred-dollar bet with John and Dale that I could take half of Tobias's big cock. I wanted Tony to win.
I knelt in front of Tobias with the guys surrounding me. Tobias was already hard so I immediately took the head in and sucked it like a popsicle making a lot of slobber that I used to stroke the rest of this large piece of meat. I was making a lot of noises to accentuate what I was doing to his giant member. I had to stretch my mouth far more than with Rod or Jerome. He was significantly larger. I started taking more and more of this thing in my mouth. My jaw was already hurting from being stretched. It took some doing, a little time and I had half of his shaft in my mouth as I stroked the remainder with my hand.
I heard Tony say, "Ok guys pay up."
I felt something hit the side of my head. I realized one of the guys had masturbated on me again. Tobias growled, "Make sure you hit her not me."
I heard activity and assumed they had all started to masturbate again. I felt a finger in my pussy and I had an orgasm. I couldn't believe it possible to cum again but I did. I now felt hands on various parts of my body.
Tobias grabbed the back of my head and he started rocking his hips back and forth rapidly. I stopped my movements and let him fuck my mouth. I wasn't sure who had their fingers in me but it felt good. I felt cum hitting me on my back and butt.
Tobias said, "Bitch get ready. I am going to pull out and spray on you."
Tobias sprayed over my face and chest. He must have had twice the volume of even Jerome. Tobias then growled, "Clean me up." I licked his penis, ball and legs clean. He then said, "That is a good slut. You have done well tonight. Crystal, get her some more water, help her collect her money and make sure she is ok to leave."
I got up with cum on both front and back. I said to Tobias, "Thank you, Sir for letting me service that marvelous instrument."
Tobias nodded. He announced, "That is the end of the show." People started to leave but they each gave me a hug and a kiss.
I said to each, "Hope you enjoyed my show."
Tony, Dale and John stayed until everyone else was gone. Tony asked, "Was this a one-time thing?"
I said, "I don't know yet." I handed him the towel to Dale.
Dale wiped my back off. Tony grabbed the towel and wiped off my front as he said, "Can we have your phone number? Sometime, we throw parties and would like entertainment. You would be great for that."
I was zipping up my dress, when Crystal came back with some water. I drank half of it in one turn. "Thank you, Crystal. I guess I really got thirsty." I rubbed my jaw, "And my jaw is really hurting."
They all laughed when John said, "You just had half a cow in your mouth. So, no wonder. That was the largest dick I have ever seen."
I also laughed, "I thought it was just me. Tell you what Tony, give me your number. I might be interested."
Tony handed me a card. They each hugged me, gave me a card and a kiss before they left the VIP room.
Crystal had been finding and placing money in the jar. She handed me the jar, "I think there has to be over two thousand in there."
I took the jar and said, "Thank you so much for your help. Let me give you some of this."
I pulled a small handful out and held it out for Crystal. "No way. You earned that money and besides, I got plenty in tips helping you."
I said, "Here at least take a hundred. I just don't feel right about not giving you something."
Crystal smiled and cocked her hip, "Oh ok. If you ever come back, I hope I can help you again. Are you ok?"
I said, "I am good. Will probably be sore tomorrow morning but good. Thank you so much."
I went back to the dressing room, took a shower and redressed in my normal clothes. On the way, home I thought about Tobias's dick. I was sure I would see him Monday night and I would have to take him in my vagina. I knew he would tear me apart.
Cherry and I again compete for tips
The next morning, I awoke with my mouth and jaw feeling like I had taken a telephone pole. My pussy was sore but not awful. I finally counted the money I brought home and it was close to $3000. I couldn't believe it. How did a middle age women go to a strip club filled with many women that could be her daughter and bring home this much money? Of course, the answer was I was the bigger slut.
Cherry was fixing breakfast. She said, "Hi mom. Looks like you had a hard night."
"Oh, I am fine just a little tired. How are you?"
"I am great. Things are going well at school. Not sure how you are doing it but thank you so much for your help. I know Dad isn't helping you. I am surprised you haven't kicked him out."
"I am considering it but your Dad has gone almost two weeks without a drink. I don't want to hurt him. Plus, he is finally helping me."
"You are a rock. Helping me pay for school and still have the extra energy to prop up Dad. No wonder you are tired." I smiled to myself as it was a night at the strip club that made me tired.
"How is it going with the Woolsey's?"
"Oh, Mom, they have been great. I don't see them much as they are so busy themselves but it helps so much to have a place for free so close to school and to loan me a car. But I don't think I am the only person they have helped. They mentioned to me that they have helped other young people that they thought were worthy. It makes me feel a little guilty. I would really like to pay them back but how?"
I could only hope that I kept them busy and away from my daughter.
I said, "Please be careful. The Woolsey's are very complicated. Don't feel too guilty. I think they are just trying to pay back for their advantages."
Cherry gave me a quizzical look but then changed the subject. "You won't get more tips than me tonight. I am going to beat you!"
"Oh, you think so?"
When we got to the club I saw why she thought she could make more tips. Her outfit was modified to look like mine. Her breasts were not as large as mine so it didn't look quite so obscene on top. But her larger hips left a lot of her ass covered only by fishnets.
I said, "Cherry are you sure you want to look like that?"
Cherry again gave me a quizzical look and said, "If you can dress like this, why can't I?"
I knew she had me, "I just don't want people to think you are a slut. I really don't care what people think of me."
"Oh Mom, you worry too much. I want to look sexy like you."
I knew I couldn't say anything and yes, she did outdo me with tips.
Cherry and I spent a nice day together, Sunday, with Mark making us dinner. With Mark into cooking, we were eating better. Mark wanted to take over buying groceries. I had taken him off all our accounts. In the end Mark took responsibility for keeping food in the house on a weekly budget and cooking when our scheduled allowed it. He was really turning his life around.
I take two large dicks for Mistress Sid's entertainment
I was ready for my next test with Mistress Sid. I had passed the blowjob test with help from Jerome. I knew tonight I would get my pussy abused by large dicks. I put on the second outfit from Elsa's; the blue pleated mini skirt and white nearly transparent blouse with an open nipple blue bra that forced my red areola to be even more prominently displayed.
Again, I parked down the street from the Woolsey's gate and walked a block to their house. I knocked and Melville answered.
"Good evening, Melville," I said with a nervous smile. I was a bundle of nerves and excitement. I was horny but so afraid I would disappoint Mistress Sid. "You look different tonight."
Melville had no shirt with only wore a pair of thin nylon gym shorts. The shorts barely covered what I could only imagine was a dick whose size must rival Tobias. Melville had long wavy blond hair, blue eyes, a huge chest and nothing waist. His had pumped up heavily veined arms. He had six pack abs and large veins that extended into his shorts that showed most of his stomach. He was a large man but not like Tobias.
"Good evening Miss. I am participating in tonight's festivities."
I tittered nervously, "Then I take it you get to fuck me tonight?"
Melville only said, "Follow me."
He led me to a different room than the gym. This room was in the basement. It looked like a theater. There were about twenty very plush seats that were elevated above a small stage. At the back of the stage was a screen. Melville had me stand in the middle of the stage next to a strange chair. It had four articulating arms where I imagined arms and legs could be bound. It had a padded platform shaped a little like a bucket seat except little space for your ass with straps. The platform sat on supports which allowed it to be arranged in whatever manner the operator wanted.
Mistress Sid stood beside me, "This is my new slave in training, you can call her Slut. She has never been fucked by a very large penis. Well, tonight she will be fucked by two. First, Melville which you all know. Slut, these are all my friends. I expect you to satisfy their needs. I am expecting a good show. I expect plenty of loud orgasms from you. There will be pain but you are to ignore the pain and concentrate of giving us pleasure. Understand?"
I said, "Yes Mistress. Thank you for this opportunity."
Sid said, "Melville, take off your shorts and show her your manhood."
Melville showed me a very large penis not yet hard. His penis rivaled Tobias who I thought was the second large penis I would take tonight. After all, how many penises can there be this size. I almost laughed when I thought about Mark's tiny pea shooter.
Sid said harshly, "I expect you to take all of that."
"Yes Mistress."
Sid said, "Melville remove her clothes."
After Melville, had removed my clothes, Sid got behind me and put a breast in each hand, "What do you think of these?"
The ten-people applauded which made me a little damp realizing they were staring at my large breasts. Sid said, "Melville eat on these. I want my Slut wet."
Melville took each nipple in turn in his mouth, sucked hard on each while he placed a couple fingers in my pussy. It was most certainly wet as his fingers sent a shudder through my body. It excited me to think about his large penis and muscular body taking me with Mistress Sid's friends watching.
Sid said, "Slut clean his fingers and thank him for giving you that orgasm." She had continued massaging my nipples while this was happening.
"Thank you for that orgasm," I said before taking his fingers in my mouth.
Sid instructed, "Take him in your mouth to make sure he is fully erect."
I thought after my experience with Tobias, I could handle this large penis better. With Melville fully erect Mistress Sid said, "That enough, Melville strap my Slut into the chair. Time to see if she has done her homework."
Melville directed me to the chair with the platform upright so that my back was resting against the padded back. He put straps around the top of my thighs, then around my wrists and ankles on the articulating arms and pushed the back so that I was lying almost flat. He spread my legs wide apart and then bent them at the knees. He rolled me to the edge of the stage.
Mistress Sid sat in the front chair. She reached up, patted my pussy. Again, this gave me a small shudder that felt so nice. She said, "She is ready."
Melville stood positioned between my legs, put the large head of his penis against the outside of my pussy lips. He whispered, "Relax, this will feel good after a little bit."
He raised the back enough so I could look down at my body, ready to accept his bulbous head. There must have been a brake he set as the platform didn't move as he pushed forward. With some effort, the head of his penis was impaled in my pussy. I had been anticipating this for some time and again my body gave a nice shudder.
He whispered, "How is that?"
I whispered back, "Very nice."
He said, "You need to be loud for Mistress. I am going to push in hard now."
He did push very hard and it felt like he was tearing me apart. I screamed loudly. He didn't need to tell me to be loud. I looked down expecting to see blood gushing from a wounded vagina. But it looked like a big dick stretching a tight vagina. He only had half his dick impaled in me. I thought there was no way I could get it all in. I looked up and saw that Melville was smiling at me. I was struck by this. He was not moving.
I realized he was letting me get used to this massive beast. Slowly I could feel the muscles relaxing. He wasn't in me as deeply as Jerome yet but his girth was making me uncomfortable. He slowly pushed in and out. The first movements were almost imperceptible in anyone but us. He was rubbing places I didn't know I had. Slowly he moved in and out until he only had the head in before he pushed back in.
It wasn't long until he pushed in causing me to have a very sizeable orgasm. I thought about his instructions to be loud as I screamed, "Oh, Melville, thank you. That was such a big orgasm. I love your big fat dick. Ooooohhhhh..."
As I looked down, he was pushing in and out of me faster. He was more than half in but still with a few inches to go. I felt the pain of being stretched. He was beginning to touch places deeper inside me. I thought he was close to my cervix. He was pressing against spots that caused me to explode with orgasms. I was continuously moaning and screaming for Mistress Sid.
My eyes were mostly closed. I opened them again to see Melville staring at me. He gave me a nod letting me know he knew this was feeling good albeit I still felt like it was more than I could take if he forced it all in. I looked down and saw about an inch remaining to go in. Melville placed a hand on each of my large breasts and rubbed as he continued to ravage my pussy.
I felt his penis start to throb and before I knew it he was ejaculating into my very depths. I had never felt anything like this and I had the largest orgasm yet. I screamed, "Thank you Mistress. Oh, my that hurts so good." I could feel the juices flowing out of my pussy and down my ass crack.
Melville pulled out. I realized all the people were nude and in various stages of having sex. Some women were being fucked, a couple were giving their men blowjobs and one couple was masturbating each other.
Mistress Sid, now nude and masturbating, stopped. She approached Melville with a paddle and said, "Did you get all the way in?"
"No Mistress."
"Then you get punished not her. Bend over."
She started hitting this man twice her size with a ten-inch black leather paddle on the ass. He was counting and thanking her with every lick. You could see the biceps, pictorials and thighs of this small muscular woman straining with each lick, hitting him as hard as she could. At twenty she stopped as Melville counted the last, "Twenty, thank you Mistress."
His ass was beet red. Sid said, "You will get another chance tonight. The next time you will get that whole thing in her and I want you to fuck her where she won't be able to walk tomorrow."
Melville with head bowed said, "Yes Mistress, thank you for giving me another chance. The next time I will tear her up."
Sid said, "Sit down and watch how a real man does it."
Tobias was now beside me. Sid said, "She is all yours."
Tobias had obviously been watching as he was fully hard. He gave me a sinister smile. He got between my legs and with one shove he was in as deeply as Melville had been when he stopped. I screamed as this harsh push hurt. He immediately took the same pace as Melville had before he stopped. I thought I was going to pass out from the pain. But something strange was happening, the more it hurt the more intense the pleasure seemed to be. I started again having orgasms. And these were big ones.
I was screaming sounds that were nonsensical. I did occasionally think to thank Mistress Sid. Mistress Sid had her leg over Melville's shoulders as he ate her pussy. More precisely she was fucking his face. You could see the saliva flowing onto her seat. I could also feel Tobias large penis getting deeper and deeper. With each thrust deeper the orgasms became more intense. There was still pain but the pleasure outweighed the pain.
He pulled all the way out and rammed hard. This time he bottomed out. I felt his torso hitting mine. I screamed like someone had hit me hard. He kept it still with the head now touching my cervix. No penis could ever get deeper, at least I thought that.
The mixture of pain and pleasure overtook me as I screamed, "Fuck my tight slut hole with that big penis. I love having that thing in me. Fuck, fuck, fuck, ..."
I heard Mistress Sid moan with pleasure. She was still fucking Melville's face.
Tobias moved in and out. He growled at me, "You will never like a small penis now that you've had a real man's penis. When Sid is finished with you, I want you. You have great tits and I am getting your pussy conditioned."
He grabbed my nipples roughly between his finger and thumb. I yelled, "Oh, oh, oh, ..."
The pain was both in my pussy and my nipples. But again, the pain enhanced the intensity of my orgasms. I started moaning with pleasure, shaking my head back and forth.
Tobias growled, "Yeah baby, you are feeling it, aren't you?"
It didn't register with me he wanted an answer so I just continued moaning. He pinched both of my nipples until I was sure they would bleed and said, "When I ask you a question Slut, I expect an answer."
I yelled, "Yes sir, I feel it. Fuck my tight slutty cunt hard. Please sir give it to me."
He gently rubbed my nipples, making them feel a little better, "That's a good Slut. You made me hurt you, didn't you?"
I knew he was testing me, "Yes Sir. Thank you for punishing me."
I could barely stay conscious. His penis was hitting so deep inside me with places being stimulated I had never felt before. I lost track of the orgasms and it may have been one long series with peaks.
Tobias growled, "Ok Slut, you are about to feel how a real man fills you up. I expect you to show your appreciation."
"Yes Sir, please fill my nasty cunt. I want it all. Oh, oh, ...!"
He was pumping me deep. I could barely stay alert enough to know what was happening. When he finished, I could feel our combined fluids flowing onto my thighs and ass.
He pulled out with a pop and he laughed, "That pussy of yours is still tight. Now clean me up." He lowered my head so that it was now lower than my feet. He straddled my head so I could lick his penis and groin clean. When I finished, he said, "Shouldn't you be thanking me?"
"Thank you, Sir, for letting me eat your cum. It tastes wonderful."
Mistress Sid commanded Melville, "Ok Melville, your turn and this time really fuck her. I want to hear her cry from that big thing of yours."
"Yes, Mistress."
Melville stood between my spread legs that were held in by the articulating arms of the chair. He plunged his massive penis into my sopping pussy, flushed with my own discharge and the two ejaculations my pussy had been irrigated with already. With my head lowered, he was now at a different angle into my hole. It was stimulating my g-spot even more than before.
Mistress Sid, straddled my head with her ass over my nose and sat on my mouth. I had no choice but to let her fuck my mouth. I think it was Rod straddling my torso, roughly gripping my tits in each hand to slid his penis between my breasts. He was extremely rough with my breast and nipples that were already tender from the treatment earlier in this fuck session. All three of them were fucking me hard.
Mistress Sid told Melville, "Don't you dare cum until I tell you. I want her mouth and breasts used by all my guests before you finish with her."
The Woolsey's finished when Rod sprayed my neck and face along with Mistress Sid's stomach. My face was covered with Mistress Sid's cum. Another pair took their place. It was continuous with various combinations of dicks or pussies in my mouth and dicks and pussy using my breasts to masturbate on. I lost count but think there were five couples that used me as a fuck doll before they all were done.
Melville had slowed when he was close to ejaculating but he was fucking me hard and deep. I was stretched beyond anything I had ever dreamed of. But in spite or maybe because of the pain I experienced in my pussy, breasts and mouth, I was nearly passing out from the pleasure of being used like this.
Mistress Sid, "Melville, cum now."
Melville immediately rammed deep inside me. I felt his lean groin smash into my soft pussy lips. I met his lengthy orgasm with a massive orgasm of my own. The sensations became so intense I blacked out.
The next thing I knew I was laying on the floor still naked with Melville still naked holding my head in his lap and Sid mopping my forehead with a wet wash cloth.
Mistress Sid said, "She is okay just passed out and coming to now. Merilee can you hear me?"
I almost didn't recognize my name. As I realized she was talking to me, "I think so. What happened?"
Sid gave a nervous giggle and said, "You just passed out from fucking this big thing." She had reached and grabbed Melville big dick in her hand.
I mumbled somewhat in a haze, "Mistress, did I do okay?"
Sid now laughed, "You were a good slave tonight and well on your way to being my slut. You did so well, I am going to have Melville help you clean yourself up. You get to wear your clothes home tonight. Also, if need be Melville will drive you. Drink some more water. I think you may be dehydrated."
I drank almost the whole bottle of water and belched. I put my hand to my mouth and said, "I am so sorry, I swallowed a lot of cum tonight." I looked down and saw that I was covered in cum, "And it looks like I have plenty still on me." My whole body was glistening with globs of white jizzum all over me.
I flexed my arms and legs which was painful. I said, "I think I can stand now." Melville hoisted me gently to my feet. I was unsteady but able to keep upright. I took a couple of steps and said, "With Melville's help I can take shower and get ready to go. Thank you, Mistress."
Mistress Sid actually smiled at me, "I am very happy with my new slave. You are going to be very sore for a few days. You will be left alone to heal. I want you to drop by the office every day before your shift. Take tomorrow night off if you want. Just call the office. Ok?"
"Yes Mistress. Thank you." I couldn't believe she was being so nice to me.
"Melville, let me know if you need to drive her home. I will have someone pick you up. No more fucking her for now. She needs to heal."
Melville said, "Yes Mistress."
Sid left as Melville took me to the shower and helped me clean up. This heavily muscled man gently soaped every inch of me. I luxuriated in his attention. Unbelievable, I was getting excited. Even with the pain shooting through my groin I wanted that big dick which has beginning to harden.
I reached and stroked it like I was trying to get him hard. Melville said, "Miss Merilee, better not. You heard what Mistress said."
"I know but I love this big shlong. My orgasms were so incredible."
"I know Miss. Once you go big you won't go back."
Melville dried me off, found my clothes and helped me dress which was extremely sensual. Melville had me sit, drink more water while he dressed in jeans and a tee shirt. He walked me to my car.
As we got there he asked, "Are you sure you are safe to drive?"
"I'm fine now. Can I kiss you good night?"
"Yes Miss."
I kissed him on the cheek and drove home. It felt strange to be driving home from the Woolsey's with my pussy and tits covered albeit barely. I got home after midnight with Mark snoring in his bedroom. I collapsed in my bed without changing clothes.
I awoke the next morning at about ten. I could barely move. My whole body was stiff. My breasts, abdomen, wrists and legs were bruised but not badly. My nipples and pussy were puffy and swollen. I put on an oversized tee shirt and ate a large brunch. I went back to sleep. I was awakened by Mark coming home in the afternoon.
Still laying on the bed, he came to the door and saw my naked ass and said, "Are you okay? You have bruises."
I sat up, looked at the clock which said four and said, "Oh my goodness it is late. I need to get ready for work. Yeah, I'm fine. Just a hard night."
"Are you sure you need to go to work?"
"Sure, we need the money."
"Get ready. I will fix you some dinner."
"Thanks Mark, that would be nice. I need to eat more than I could get at the bar."
Mark fixed me a big dinner before my shift.