Thursday
"Trust me, Alice. I've considered the other options and this is the only way ..."
My Mom was in a state of distress, hurling clothes into the un-sandwiched suitcase on her bed.
"I have to fly to be with your Grandma," she said, "so I'm afraid Jacob will have to go back to the rehab center until I can come home. Or at least until his eye-bandages come off."
She threw a pair of jeans at me from seven feet away.
"But Jacob hated the rehab center!" I said, folding and packing them neatly into her case. "That's why we got him out of there. He's only been home a week. It's not fair to send him back. He's just beginning to seem like his old self."
"What else can I do?" Mom said in despair. "You know we can't afford home nursing. And your brother is still healing. He can't see or use his hands. He needs assistance."
"What if I do it?" I asked. I'm not sure I thought about it before blurting it out.
"That's a sweet thing to offer, darling. But the responsibility is too big for you."
"It's the summer vacation. What else am I doing? Hanging around the house like a spare part? Let me help out!"
"You have cheerleader practice ..."
"It's one hour, twice a week! At Traci's house three blocks away. Hardly a full time job."
"It's not just that," Mom said. "It's also not fair on you, sweetheart. There are intimate tasks involved that aren't appropriate for a brother and sister. I don't want to put you in an unseemly position."
"You mean like wiping his ass?"
"No, he has the bidet for that. But spoon-feeding him meals, dressing his wounds, keeping his body clean ..."
"You've been doing it. Why is it any less weird for you?"
"I'm his mother. We are beyond embarrassment by now."
She picked up her make-up bag from a poor angle and the lipsticks and mascaras fell out onto the floor.
"Well, I'm his sister and I'm beyond it too," I said, rushing to help her pick them up. "And if the choice is Jacob being able to convalesce in his own bed, or go back to that grim place, I'll take one for the team and look after him. It's not like he's helpless. He can walk. His arms work. It's only his hands."
"He's blind, darling! There are so many things that can go wrong."
"Then I would call you! Or drive Jacob to the hospital. We're both adults! And it's not like he can't communicate to me what he needs."
"Okay, listen ..." She finally stopped multi-tasking and took me seriously for a moment. "If you honestly think you can accept the responsibility, I guess I could see if Jacob would be OK with you looking after him. I mean, he did hate the rehab center. And you know I didn't trust that Ward Sister ..."
"So I will be his Ward Sister at home. We're a family, Mom. And we're going through a tough time. And while Grandma is sick with her heart and Jacob is messed up from his accident, it falls to you and me - the able-bodied members of this household, to take care of them both. So I'll sleep on it, but I'm not going to change my mind. As long as Jacob's OK with it, I'll take care of him until you get back."
Mom paused her frantic, anaerobic packing to give me a hug.
"You are such a wonderful sister to him," she said, "and an asset to your father and I." Her eyes grew misty with tears, as they inevitably did when she invoked my dead father.
"We'll get through this together," I promised. "As a family."
Friday
I didn't change my mind overnight.
I'd meant what I said and Jacob was fine with it. He didn't want to go back to the rehab and because I'd volunteered for the task of his care personally, he felt nothing but grateful and relieved.
However, when Mom was talking me through the list of requirements the next morning, I'd be lying if I didn't say it seemed a bit daunting. She'd prepared a large dossier with all the details and timings of his care schedule.
It wasn't just administering his medications. I had to exchange the bandages on his eyes every few days, dress the wound on one of his hands (the one that wasn't wrapped in plaster). And then there was the cooking, grocery shopping and washing up. Not to mention keeping him clean ... It was a lot.
I'm not a lazy person, and I really did want to help out. But I realized I could kiss goodbye to the last few weeks of relaxing summer vacation. I had to remind myself it was a small sacrifice compared to what Jacob himself had to go through - not to mention my Mom and poor Grandma.
It was my familial duty to help them out.
***
My brother Jacob is a very cool guy and I adore him.
He is 21 years old - not quite 2 years older than me. He always had my back growing up. He is an extremely strong, masculine dude. A whopping 9 pounds at birth, he's always been taller and more robust than his peers.
He qualified for the football team a year earlier than any of the other guys at school. He is super athletic, and excelled at almost all sporting activities, but especially gymnastics.
His physique was the envy of the school while he was a student - not to mention an object of desire for my friends on the cheerleader team. They would still now make not-so subtle allusions to his bedroom blue eyes, washboard abs, and bulging pecs.
To such an extent, in the case of one friend, that I had to ask her to stop objectifying him:
"You know he does have a personality too," I said one day to Traci, our hot cheerleading captain, "a really wonderful one!"
"Yes, but have you seen his cock?" she asked. "Because if you haven't babe, I don't want to hear about personalities."
"I'm his sister, I don't want to see his cock!" I insisted.
I didn't dare mention that Jacob had always a crush on Traci, because what guy didn't.
"What's wrong with you? A cock is a cock. I don't care who it belongs to," said Traci. "But you must have seen it by mistake one day. When he walked out the shower, or you caught him jerking off on the couch."
"I haven't seen it since we grew up," I said angrily, "something you don't seem to have done yet - even though you're older than me! And Jacob is too sweet a guy for me to let you reduce him to a body."
"Yeah, right," said Traci, as she squeezed her colossal boobs into the shiny, foiled-covered spandex of her cheerleader top. "Because nobody does that to us do they?"
***
Don't get me wrong. It wasn't that I was grossed out about hearing how gorgeous Jacob's body was - although no sister wants to think about her brother's six pack, let alone his junk. But he was such a warm, genuine guy. I felt the need to protect him.
There was nothing arrogant or conceited about Jacob. Even though he was better at most things than everyone else. He was one of the kindest people you could meet. And although he was aware of his strength and athleticism, he didn't covet it in that vain way that so many bodybuilder-type dudes do. He just loved participating in sports. Our Dad used to joke he'd been born under a balance beam.
Another one of Jacob's favorite pursuits was horse riding and he was a strong rider; although this pastime had also led to his accident. He'd fallen from a huge, jittery Percheron - one that we later decided he should never have been given to ride.
The skittish horse had tossed him head first into a bush at great speed. Jacob had put out his arms out to protect his head, and upon landing, had managed to badly break both his hands, one of his wrists and one forearm. And if this wasn't horrifying enough, the bush he'd landed in was a Crown of Thorns which almost blinded him by scratching both of his retinas.
Thank God he had not permanently lost his sight. The doctors were confident his vision would recover. But in order to let his eyes heal properly, they were bandaged shut for what was ultimately going to be a six-week period.
The night we received the news of his accident from the riding school, Mom and I had completely freaked out. We didn't know the extent of the damage at that time and were confused by the lack of details.
I cried myself to sleep that night, thinking we might lose him. But I don't think it was ever a possibility. He certainly could have lost his eyesight forever, or been paralyzed.
It was common for his nurses to remind us how lucky he'd been whenever we went to visit. But how luck could have anything to do with his plight was beyond me. Although I did feel grateful he wasn't more badly injured.
Jacob's mood was pretty upbeat at first, while he was in hospital. I felt like he bounced back much better than I would have in the same situation. He would laugh and joke around with us each day on our visits to see him.
He never really complained about not being able to see or use his hands, even though the injuries regressed him to a baby in terms of what he could do for himself. Even sitting up in the hospital bed was difficult at first, although he became adept at using his elbows to maneuver himself.
It was when he was transferred from the hospital to the rehabilitation center that things started to go downhill. It wasn't a very good facility - we couldn't afford a private one. It smelled of Lysol and death, and the staff were visibly overworked and stressed.
Jacob didn't have a television in his room to listen to. We bought him audiobooks and podcasts and would play games with him when we visited, but he began to grow uncharacteristically depressed and sad. It just about broke my heart.
When the option was discussed that he might check out of the rehab center and be looked after by Mom at home (she's a schoolteacher and had the summer vacation free), it lifted his spirits no end. In fact, he became his lovable old self from almost the first night he arrived home. He dealt with his physical limitations and pain like a trooper. Mom and I were so proud of him.
We had to borrow all these special items from the hospital for his home care - like a portable bidet he could operate with his foot, and this button-device he could push with his elbow to alert Mom when he needed something. We also installed a special metal rack in the shower (a bit like a chin-up bar) that could keep his bandaged hands dry while he was being washed.
***
As I sat with Mom that morning, going through the itinerary of his needs, I tried not to let her see I was feeling intimidated. There was an almost exhausting amount to learn. I knew it was going to be a steep curve. And even though Mom had prepared a ring binder (longer than a dishwasher manual in two languages), I couldn't pretend I grasped it all perfectly. I will learn on the job, I thought. How hard could it be?
She spent a good hour longer than necessary going through each point twice, and almost made herself late for her flight by insisting on summarizing them all again.
"OK, I've got it, Mom. And it's not like Jacob can't tell me what he needs."
"I just want to make sure everything is covered for my peace of mind," she said.
"It's OK, Mom, you go and take care of Grandma. Give her a big hug from us."
"You have no idea how much I appreciate you," she said, giving me a kiss.
She climbed into the taxi; her pale, panic-stricken face peering at me through the glass like a phantom. And then she was gone.
The house fell quiet.
I was relieved to be free of her anxious energy - her incessant fussing was more exhausting than the list of tasks themselves. But when I glanced again at the open ring binder listing the magnitude of the day's schedule, I realized my work was just beginning.
The first task was to give Jacob his 11 AM medication. It was almost time, so I went up to his room and tapped gently on the door.
"Come in," he said cheerfully. He was listening to an audiobook and asked Alexa to pause its progress.
"Hi buddy," I said. "It's your new nurse! Not quite as professional as the last one. But these are hard times."
He laughed.
"I really appreciate you doing this Alice," he said. "I couldn't face going back to rehab. The inmates would scream in the night!"
"I know," I said. "None of us wanted you going back there."
"I really owe you one," he said.
"It's nothing. It's what any sister would do."
"I promise I'll be respectful, and not just bug you all the time for things."
"I'll believe that when I see it!" I said, laughing.
"And apologies in advance for when it gets a bit awkward," he said.
"Please don't worry about it," I said. "The most important thing is that I don't have to wipe your ass!"
He laughed. "Yeah but you still have to wash it!"
I laughed. "I can handle that. I can point the shower-head up there and look away!"
He laughed again.
"I'm glad you've got it all planned out!" he said. "It was one of the only good things about not being able to see. When Mom was washing me I could try and pretend it was anyone else!"
"I bet!" I laughed. "I'm gonna place these two pills on your tongue and then I'll hold up the glass for a sip of water, okay?"
"Got it."
He stuck his tongue out obediently and I placed the pink capsules on top.
"And now the drink," I said. "It's coming through a straw..."
He clasped his lips around the end and took a sip of liquid to swallow the pills.
'Good boy!" I said, chuckling. "Now is there anything else you need? You want to come and hang downstairs with me?"
"I'm good for now, thanks," he said. "I'm just listening to a podcast."
"Ok, you want me to press play on it for you?"
"Sure," he said, "And can you leave the water on the bedside cabinet? I can usually find the end of the straw by myself, so I don't have to bother you every time I want a sip."
He was already trying to minimize my work, bless him. It reminded me how low maintenance he'd always been, and how I shouldn't feel daunted by any of this because he would be there to guide me.
Sure enough, the rest of the day wasn't too bad. I started to get into the swing of my new nursing role and was pleasantly surprised at how many skills my brother had acquired. He could get himself to the upstairs bathroom from his room, and Alexa and Siri were able to control his phone and home entertainment requests.
A couple of times I went to visit him, or called upstairs, to ask if he wanted a cup of tea or a snack. On both occasions he said yes, and I noted how unassuming it was that he hadn't asked for these things but had waited to be offered.
Feeding him chocolate chip cookies was a unique experience. It was quite fun actually - despite the fact we discovered it creates extra crumbs when a person bites into a cookie they are not themselves holding. The hot tea required even more creativity to prevent his lips from burning when I tipped it into his mouth. I had to feed it to him in teaspoons like a soup.
We laughed a lot which made everything seem easier. Jacob's relaxed manner helped me feel less inept than I might have otherwise done. Although I remained confident my nursing qualification was still some distance away.
I carefully escorted him down the stairs for his lunch, and in the afternoon he lay on the couch listening to sports on TV. I changed the bandages on one of his hands, which was quicker and easier than I'd expected. But I wasn't prepared for the gnarly sight of his ghostly yellow fingers, riddled with pins; it looked like the hand of a cadaver, or Frankenstein's monster.
It was upsetting to see how little he could move his fingers. My heart felt sore for him all over again, that he had to go through this. It was almost a blessing that he couldn't see the extent of his own injuries.
That night I made us a surprisingly delicious supper that Jacob enjoyed multiple servings of, and said was even better than Mom's cooking - he may have been being kind. But it was much appreciated.
All in all, it hadn't been a bad day; albeit a long one. And when Mom called us from Grandma's, having arrived safely that night, she sounded surprised and delighted to hear how well it was going:
"What did you expect, Mom?" Jacob said. "That she was going to kill me?"
"You know how much I worry," said Mom.
And we very much did, so we let it go.
"How's Grandma?" we asked.
"She's better than expected," Mom said. "She's able to do quite a bit more than you, Jacob."
"Well, Grandma still has her eyes and hands!" my brother said defensively.
"True," said Mom. "But she's not out the woods yet. I'm having to urge her to try and rest for a few days. Your Gran can be her own worst enemy."
"We love you Grandma!" we shouted at the end of the call, when Mom had put her on speaker: "Get well soon!"
It was around 9.30 PM when we hung up the phone. I knew from the ring binder there was only one remaining task for the day, which was to shower Jacob and get him into bed. And then my humble duties would be over until the next morning.
"OK then," I said. "Bath time buddy! You're going to have to talk me through how this works."
"It's pretty simple," he said.
I detected a note of embarrassment from him, but it didn't feel awkward. At least not yet.
I escorted him carefully up the stairs and into the bathroom.
"Alright, so how do we do this?" I asked. I tried to sound as formal as a nurse, to put myself at ease as much as him.
"Well, the shower has this metal rack at the top," he said.
"I know! I've been banging my head on it all week!"
He laughed. "Sorry about that!"
"So you should be!" I said.
"There are these protective gloves that should be hanging somewhere in here. And we are gonna put those on first," he said. It was terribly sweet that he said 'we'. "And then I rest my elbows up on the rack to keep my arms dry, and just stand under the shower like normal."
"OK," I said. "That doesn't sound too complicated."
I couldn't help but feel things were already a bit less awkward than I'd anticipated, not least because I realized he'd be facing away from me in the shower. In my mind this would provide an additional buffer of comfort from the prospect of having to see my brother nude.
"So I basically then just have to lather you up?" I asked.
"Yes. And help me get dry and dressed."
"How did Mom keep herself from getting wet?" I asked, wondering how I was going to carry out the duty without drenching myself in the process.
"To be honest, I don't know," he said, "because I couldn't see! She seemed to have a system. I know she would direct the shower head away from me when she applied the soap. But I don't know the rest of her method."
"Well, okey-dokey then," I said. "Let's get you undressed."
"Sounds good."
"This is not weird at all," I added for good measure. "Nothing I haven't seen before."
He laughed, sounding a little uncomfortable.
"Let me just turn the water on first, so the temperature's right," I said.
I started the jets of the shower and waited for it to get hot, but not scalding.
"You ready?" I said.
"Yep."
He lifted his arms in the air for me to remove his T-shirt. It wasn't that easy because he was so tall. But he kindly squatted down a few inches so that I could peel it off. The next moment he was shirtless - his boulderous shoulders, sculpted biceps and carved abs unleashed, in the intimate space of the bathroom with his younger sister.
I must admit I marveled a little at his chiseled physique. He hadn't been able to work out for several weeks but he was still in such good shape. I could exercise for 12 weeks straight and not look anything like as strong or shredded. No wonder my friends lusted after him, I thought. Not that my own feelings had anything to do with attraction. I was just objectively impressed by his athleticism.
The long, weird plastic gloves were hanging to dry in the corner of the bathroom. I placed the absurd items over his hands. They were like arm-length sleeves made from umbrella material. And once they were on, they rendered him even more disabled because they were so cumbersome that he had to hold his arms away from his body.
I felt another huge wave of sympathy for him, that he'd had to do this for several weeks now. Poor guy. It was a miracle he remained so cheerful. Even something that was supposed to be as simple and relaxing as a shower had been contorted into a bizarre ordeal.
"OK, pants off, I guess," I said, and positioned him at the entrance to the shower cubicle, facing away from me.
I loosened the drawstring of his joggers and went to pull them down in as dispassionate a manner as I could; trying to remember the indifferent way our Mom used to dress and undress us as kids. It was a menial task, I told myself - no different than feeding him a spoonful of tea, or lowering the blind on his window.
He wasn't wearing any underwear and as I went to pull his pants down the first time, they wouldn't budge because his flaccid junk seemed to be in the way. No big deal, I thought, trying to remain calm. I just need to allow the waistband to balloon out further in order to get past whatever was hanging down there.
On the second attempt they slid easily down to his ankles and he stepped out of them. There was no harm done. I hadn't had to see or touch anything - although for a moment I had been forced to contemplate his private parts. But I tried to let go of the fleeting thought he must be packing down there.
As I removed his joggers I couldn't help but note that my head was a few inches away from his perfectly sculpted bum. I took a moment to admire its charm (seeing as I was down there anyway). It was a thing of considerable beauty - supple and firm, like a Renaissance statue. Nothing weird about acknowledging an exemplary male ass, I told myself.
The next few moments were conveniently filled with practical concerns, which helped to distract from any awkwardness. I pointed the shower jets away from his body while he stepped into the cubicle and put his elbows up on the rack.
He was so tall that he was forced to lean slightly forward rather than stand up straight, which meant that his lower back and ass were presented to me, like somebody waiting patiently to be flogged.
His back was so thick and muscular, I couldn't help but notice. But so what, I decided. I'm merely admiring a healthy example of the male physique. It's not like I need to be weirded out by it.
I moved the shower head back into position so that his body was coated in warm water, and I poured a serving of shower gel into my palm and lathered it up.
"OK, soap incoming," I said.
I re-directed the shower head again, so that his body was out of the way of the jets. I think I hesitated before placing my soapy hands on his back. But I told myself once more, this is not about you, Alice. This is about a disabled person - a dear member of your family, for whom you are merely trying to provide a modicum of dignity and normality.
And with that, I placed my sudsy fingers on his shoulder blades and began to lather his back in soap. It felt impressively solid and unyielding beneath my hands. I could feel each contour of his muscular lats and rhomboids, and the elegant centipede of his spine.
I chose to use a deliberately heavy hand in order to remove any possibility of sensuality. This was not a massage. It only needed to be functional, not appealing. He didn't say much while I spread the foam across his back. Although I did wonder if he noticed me linger a little longer than necessary on the region, owing to my trepidation about moving on to the rest of him.
I decided it was best just to dive in, so I let my soapy hands work their way around his flanks and up to his chest. It wasn't easy to reach the top of his shoulders without getting myself wet, but I figured that was the least of my concerns. I soaped his armpits, chest and washboard abs. They were all rock hard; it was like lathering a suit of armor.
"OK, feet!" I said.
He lifted his left foot back towards me. I gave it a quick soap, not quite feeling an appetite to go in between the toes.
"Right leg," I said.
He switched legs and presented me with his right foot and I gave that a soaping too.
I was trying to imagine myself as a robot. I was like a version of Alexa, I thought, just washing his body rather than shuffling his playlist. My own feelings were immaterial and I tried to let them pass without reflection, like clouds in the sky.
Once he had placed his foot down, I returned to his left side. Beginning at his ankle, I used my hands in a circular motion to soap up the trunk of his leg. He parted his feet to give me better access. I was careful to stop midway up his thigh, for fear of bumping into anything on the other side that I didn't feel ready to touch.
I worked so fast that one might have imagined we only had a limited amount of time. But it only had to be a perfunctory wash. It was about making sure he was clean and comfortable, not immaculately pristine. I wasn't about to enter him into a contest for best-washed brother.
When I had finished the trunk of his right leg, I wondered about his ass. Was I supposed to wash that too? Surely I wasn't expected to get into the crack? And was I supposed to wash his bits? I mean, we hadn't discussed either region specifically, apart from as a joke.
The idea suddenly made me uncomfortable. Surely I could not be expected to clean his intimate areas? But if I didn't, who else was going to do it?
One day at a time, I told myself. There is always tomorrow. And a day without soap in those places is not going to hurt him. At least he'd got some warm water on everything.
"Is that good?" I asked him
"Er ... yes," he said. "That's fine."
I could detect from his tone that it wasn't ideal. But he was too kind to force me outside my comfort zone, and too embarrassed to invite me outside of his.
I repositioned the shower head and averted my eyes for him to turn and rinse his front side, after which he returned to face the wall. It was like he'd been banished to stand in the naughty corner.
"You still have suds in your armpit," I said. "No, the other side ... Ok you got them."
I turned off the shower jets and told him to wait a moment. I stood with a towel outstretched, using it to block my view as he stepped backwards from the cubicle and let it envelop his waist. I tied it around him and used a second towel to begin drying his back and chest and then his legs. If his body were a geographical region, I was careful to stay above and below the equator.
When it was over, I felt oddly proud of myself. It had been minimally awkward in hindsight. And if anything, his body language had suggested it was more embarrassing for him than me. I wasn't the one naked and vulnerable after all.
Perhaps my proudest accomplishment was that I hadn't had to lay my eyes on his junk. Although I will confess it took a fair amount of self-control not to steal an innocent peek, out of curiosity. But I resisted.
Now I just had to get his pajamas on. I removed the plastic umbrella-sleeves from his arms, and while the towel was still around his waist, got him to step into the clean shorts, pulling them up safely beneath the towel. Finally I put him in a fresh T-shirt.
"Voilà,"I said, when he was respectable again.
It was hardly the most fun experience of the day, but it had been nowhere near as awkward or humiliating as I'd feared. The entire time he'd been naked could not have been more than three minutes - hardly an endless ordeal for either of us. We can do this for a week or so, I thought. It's not going to get weird.
"Thank you so much Alice," he said sweetly.
He sounded apologetic and I felt bad all over again that none of this was his fault or his choice. Poor Jacob. We would look back on this one day and laugh.
I helped the patient back through the hallway to his room and sat him down on the bed.
"OK," I said. "All clean. Your nurse is going to bed now."
"Thank you, Sister Alice," he said, and we both laughed.
"I'll see you in the morning. If you need anything in the night, shout out, OK?"
"I'll be good. Thank you. You've been amazing today."
"Goodnight buddy."
I felt pleased with myself as I walked back to my room. The only downside had been that despite doing my best to avoid it, my own clothes had got pretty drenched. My jeans and top looked like I'd taken a shower in them myself. I made a note to be more careful on that front the next night.
For some reason, when I was lying in bed I found myself replaying the shower scene. Not in a weird way, you understand - although I guess it was a bit weird that it would be on my mind.
But I kept thinking about the fact I hadn't dared apply any soap to his junk or his ass crack. And it wasn't so much that I felt guilt or remorse about the fact, but a general awareness that I couldn't avoid those areas every day, could I?
Wouldn't he eventually have to say something? Knowing my brother Jacob, he was too decent and polite to bring it up. But I didn't love the idea he wouldn't be clean down there because of my own hang ups. I would hate it if I couldn't splash some soap and water on my bits, especially in the hot weather we were having.
What did the nurses do? What had Mom done? I was not about to ask either of them. And I already knew the answer: they acted like grown ups and washed their patient properly, without behaving like Primadonnas and thinking only of themselves.
I will do better tomorrow, I told myself. For Jacob's sake.
I will put my aside my ego and wash my brother's ass.
Saturday
It was particularly humid the next day.
Jacob came downstairs and spent the morning with me. I positioned a fan by the sofa to try and cool us both down. But we were pretty uncomfortable. It hit 103° at one point in the early afternoon, and being trapped in his plaster was making Jacob's forearm itchy.
The heat was helpful in a way because it served to reinforce my intention for his shower that night - that I was going to bite the bullet and wash his ass properly. Nobody likes to have a sweaty ass. So it was entirely in the interests of his comfort and hygiene to swallow my pride (if that's what needed swallowing), and give him the appropriate service. Although I still felt too uncomfortable to consider touching his balls.
It was a pretty lazy, uneventful day, in which we mostly watched TV while I slow-roasted a chicken. The one notable event was that I was required to change his eye bandages.
It was devastating unraveling the layers of white bandage that became increasingly yellow, then pink, as they grew closer to his wounded eyes. When I'd removed the protective gauze too, I almost wanted to burst into tears. The whole area looked so damaged and sore. His eyes themselves were blood-red, rather than merely bloodshot, but he insisted they didn't hurt as much as they previously had.
"Can you see anything?" I asked.
"A little," he said, his eyelids flickering to check. "But I don't want to test it yet."
"You shouldn't," I said. "Let's stick with what the Doctor said."
I used a compress to bathe his eyes gently in soothing balm, placed a fresh piece of gauze over each one, and then blindfolded him again with clean bandages.
"Oh buddy," I said, when I was done. "I'm so sorry you're dealing with this."
"It's OK," he said sadly.
I could tell it wasn't. But he was being brave as always.
"I couldn't do any of it without you," he said.
I squeezed his knee.
When we'd finished dinner, we sat down to watch a couple of episodes of the show we were binging together - Jacob listened rather than watched, while I attempted to describe the parts he might be missing. It was extraordinary how well he was able to follow the plot, despite not having seen a frame. His biggest problem was identifying which character was speaking out of the two male leads.
When the second episode had finished, it had gone 10 PM, and I said to him casually, "OK buddy. Guess it's bath time."
I was in a good mood that night, and felt oddly relaxed and unfazed about washing him again. I escorted him enthusiastically up the stairs and quickly began the whole rigmarole I'd learned from the night before: first slipping off his shirt (which was caked in sweat), then placing his hands into the two umbrella-gloves, then whipping down his joggers (I made sure to balloon them out this time so they didn't get caught on his private business). And finally, I maneuvered him into the shower cubicle where he put his elbows up onto the rack.
I felt like we had this down now; it was like a drill. We were going to be in and out in two minutes. And I'd been smart enough to wear a T-shirt and shorts myself, so that I could throw them in the laundry when they inevitably got drenched.
It didn't feel half as weird having my hands on his flesh this time, although I did register again how impressively solid his body was. But the whole thing just felt blessedly less awkward. It tends to be the unknown we find most stressful in our lives, and the ritual of his bathing already felt more familiar.
The only new twist tonight was that he wanted me to wash his hair. We decided to take care of that first. But even this wasn't as awkward as I'd imagined. He simply had to squat down a little more than usual while I shampooed and rinsed it. When it was done, I started on his body. I hoped my relaxed mood would help him feel less self-conscious.
"God, I wish I had your waist," I said, while soaping his solid core.
He laughed.
I lathered his back, sides and armpits, and smothered his chest with foam.
"Left foot," I said.
He produced it for soaping.
"Right foot," I said.
He obediently produced this one too.
Wow,I thought, this is a breeze. What was I getting myself in knots about?
I was just finishing the trunk of his second leg when I decided I wouldn't even hesitate, I was just going to lather up his ass like it was the most normal thing in the world.
I scooped a wad of suds from the back of his thigh and in one quick flourish, began to soap his masculine buttocks. I couldn't believe how firm they felt in my hands.
"I wish I had your ass too!" I said.
He laughed again.
It did feel kind of insane for a moment, standing with my brother's soapy ass in my hands. And it was even more insane when I let my fingers slide inside the crevice to wash his asshole. But I was in and out faster than a passing trend.
"OK. Done," I said, proudly.
I was stepping back to allow him to rinse the soap away when it caught my eye.
I only got a brief glimpse, but it was enough that I couldn't unsee.
Jutting out obscenely from his waist was the most enormous cock I had ever seen in my life. It was as hard as the barrel of a rifle and pointing to the heavens.
I honestly can't describe my shock. I became completely flustered. It was hard to process what the feeling even was ... My heart was a flutter, I was oddly out of breath; adrenaline was coursing through my veins.
It was a good job I hadn't decided to wash his junk, I thought. Especially now it had octupled in size. It was one thing for his sister to apply a quick squirt of soap to his flaccid bits, but quite another to have to touch that massive thing.
I stepped back quickly and said: "All done. There you go."
It was tricky to sound like everything was still normal. I turned off the jets and went to grab the towel, thinking the sooner I could cover him up, the better for us both.
Jacob himself seemed mortified. His sad, blindfold face was flushed beet-red, and instead of turning around to rinse off this time, he simply backed out of the cubicle in shame, asking for the towel to be placed around his waist.
It was a discomforting moment for us both, but one which remained unspoken - the elephant in the room (or at least its trunk).
As I held out the towel for him to reverse into, I don't know why - I suspect it was just human nature; the way people slow down to rubberneck a car accident - but I found myself glancing down to get a second view.
It was so fucking huge. To be honest, I didn't even know they came in that size. It was like discovering a whole new sub-species of them.
And my god, was it hard. It protruded in a near-vertical line from his crotch, way past his belly button, like a north-pointing compass.
'Jesus Fucking Christ!' I was desperate to say, but bit my lip and embraced him with the towel, tying it securely around his side.
I used a second towel to dry his upper body and back so I wouldn't have to reveal the massive thing again. And then I dried each of his legs from the ankle up. I went under the towel to dry his legs and was even more careful this time to stay away from the equator.
It was awkward to get one of the umbrella-gloves over the plaster of his sling, which meant having to stand beside him for longer than I really wanted to. And once again, I don't know why - apart from pure, healthy, human curiosity - but I couldn't resist looking down at his groin. The towel was forcing his dick up against his body, its outline so prominent and visible. It was almost more shocking than the glimpses I'd had of it in the flesh.
Why was he so hard? Should I be weirded out? I told myself to calm down. He most likely had no control. And it wasn't as though it was directed at me, or inspired by me. The fact he was so devastated was proof enough it was unintentional.
I decided on balance I should probably just ignore it. Maybe it had happened sometimes with his nurse, or even with Mom. It was human biology, after all. And he was a healthy young guy, with an apparent gold rush of testosterone.
Just as I was contemplating how to navigate getting his pajamas on over it, he told me sheepishly that he'd prefer to go to bed tonight in the towel. He said it was because it was so hot. And it really was hot, but his lie hung in the air (not the only part of him which did).
I led him to his bedroom and guided him to sit down on the bed. He swung his legs under the bedclothes and shuffled into a reclining position. With the assistance of a slight wiggle from his hips, I was able to pull the towel free from beneath the sheets without needing to expose him again.
I think we were both exhausted by the time I was done.
"Well, night," I said.
"Night," he said. His forehead was drenched in sweat. Possibly more than before I'd given him the shower.
"You OK?"
"I'll be fine. Thank you."
I couldn't fall asleep that night.
It wasn't the heat keeping me awake. It was Jacob's gargantuan erection. I couldn't get the image of it out my mind. And for some reason it was making me wet between my legs.
You are not thinking about Jacob, I tried to reason with myself, you are thinking about the appendage itself. It was a cock, after all and I was a woman. Any heterosexual woman should naturally and biologically feel a certain magnetic reaction to a cock, especially such a monumental one.
Hadn't that been my friend Traci's point? That a beautiful cock is a beautiful cock, no matter whose body it might belong to? And there was nothing weird about a single, adult girl fantasizing about a sublime cock. It was normal and healthy.
I had to remind myself how hard this must all be for my brother. Indeed, it was 'rock' hard for him. God knows what agony might have been going through his mind about it.
The shower I had given him had lasted even less time than the first one. It wasn't like we were milking anything. And he needed to be clean and comfortable. This was all a matter of basic hygiene. Other families take care of each other in way more extreme circumstances.
And yet I'll admit it was strange to have been so grossed out by the idea of his nude body at first, to now be lying in bed with a sopping wet pussy, imagining the thrill of my hands all over it ...
Not my brother's body, you understand.
But the strapping male body that happened to belong to him.
Sunday
When I awoke the next day, I had calmed down a great deal. There were apparent cum stains in my pajamas. Nothing like a good sleep (wet dream?) to bring a woman back to her senses.
I didn't feel quite so haunted by Jacob's beautiful penis that morning, although I did keep checking on it throughout the day. Sometimes I would outright stare at its fat outline in the tight joggers I'd deliberately dressed him in. I figured it didn't matter because it wasn't as though he could see me gawking.
He was cheerful as usual when I went to get him to escort him downstairs for breakfast.
"Ready to get dressed?" I asked brightly.
"You bet," he said, trying to sound equally as chipper.
Somehow I had forgotten I'd left him in bed without clothes the night before. But he was flaccid this morning, which I noted with some disappointment before reminding myself it was supposed to be a blessing.
And yet still I could not divert my eyes away from his groin. Even limp, his cock was so thick and pendent, hanging like a bell between his sinewy thighs. He may have had the most perfect body I'd ever seen on a human.
I helped him step into his jogging pants and pulled them up. I remained in front of him the whole time, my eyes focused on the prize. I'm not sure I even remembered to tell myself it was weird anymore.
I simply ogled his body like any healthy female of the species would. I decided even Mom would likely have done the same. There was nothing weird about noticing our Jacob was a fine specimen of a young man; it hardly meant we were attracted to him sexually! I mean, for heaven's sake.
That afternoon I had cheerleader practice at Traci's house.
"You sure it's ok for me to leave you?" I asked my brother. "It's gonna be like 90 minutes max."
"It's fine, sis. Go have fun. I'm gonna stay right here in this chair until you get back."
"There's a glass of water by your side, with a straw. And a bag of chips I've opened for you. You could bend down and eat them off the plate if you get hungry."
'I'll be fine. I'm not going to attempt anything crazy, I promise. Go shake your pom-pom's with the girls."
I tried one last time before exiting the house: "I don't have to do this, you know. I can cancel." I wanted him to need me to stay.
"Alice ... Go!" he said.
"Sorry. I'm fussing! If you need anything, get Siri to call me ..."
***
I could barely focus during practice. Traci was being a bossy bitch as usual, which didn't help. But my mind was elsewhere the whole time. I kept thinking about Jacob, and not his well-being during my absence, but his beautiful erect cock and how much I longed to see it again. I found myself wondering what it might be doing at that moment, like it was a puppy I'd left at home. Might it be thinking of me?
When practice was over, one of the girls on the team - my close friend, Katya - asked me if everything was ok:
"Yeah, I'm fine," I said. "I'm just worried about my brother."
"Oh yeah. How's he doing? He's home now, right?"
"He's home. But he still needs a lot of care."
"Isn't your Mom in Chicago? Who's looking after him?"
"I'm kind of his nurse right now," I said. "Which is why I really need to get back..."
"You sure you're ok?" she asked me again.
"I'm fine, Katya. I just need to get back to him ..."
***
By the time I arrived home, Jacob was still in his chair. He hadn't ventured to the restroom to pee for fear of colliding with the wall or something. He was better at finding his way around upstairs than on the ground floor. So the first thing I did was escort him to the toilet to take a leak.
The heat was oppressive again that afternoon. And around 5 PM I asked him nonchalantly, "Are you sure you don't want to take a shower before dinner tonight? It's so hot!"
"I mean, I can manage," he said humbly.
"But which would you prefer?"
"Put it this way," he said. "If I had arms and eyes, I would totally jump in the shower right now."
"Then let's do it!" I said, clapping my hands.Why did I clap my hands?"Damn mosquitoes!" I added, trying to cover.
"We really don't have to ..."
"No, come along," I insisted. "I don't want you to be hot and sticky because of my laziness."
I hoped the whole thing would sound like a martyrable sacrifice on my part.
By the time I was turning on the jets of the shower, I felt an almost delirious desire to see him naked again. And when it came time to remove his shirt, place him in the gloves, and slip down his pants, my heart skipped several beats as his beautiful biceps and ass appeared.
I was disappointed he was flaccid again, but he was still a sight to behold.
Once he was positioned in the shower cubicle, I frothed up my hands with soap and placed them on his back. I decided to use a softer, more feminine touch tonight - not for any sensual reason, you understand, but because he deserved better than being washed by an automaton.
He seemed to respond to it too, letting out an involuntary sigh of pleasure that he quickly curtailed. I massaged his broad shoulders and back, letting my soapy fingers reach around his sides and meet across his chest. I couldn't help staring down at the state of his crotch. I felt disappointed he wasn't aroused.
I found myself washing his abdomen with an even gentler touch. I guess you could have called it a caress if you wanted to be super weird about it. But I was still careful not to linger too long on any given region.
When I moved down to his feet, I noticed with a thrill that he was semi-erect. It was as thick as my forearm already, but pointing to the east. It was so long that it almost reached the glass wall of the shower. And although I began to sense his familiar embarrassment from the night before, I felt nothing but excitement that Godzilla was waking up.
Once I was done washing his feet, I put a dollop of shower gel in my palm. And linking my fingers together around his ankles, I soaped my way up each of his legs. This time I did not stop midway up his thighs but kept going all the way to the top. At the summit, I allowed my soapy fingers to dip between the boulders of his ass cheeks and soap his perineum.
"OK, done," I said formally, stepping back to admire my work.
His cock was at full mast again, pointing to the rooftops. It was even bigger and harder than last time. And he was even more embarrassed.
"Thanks," he said in a small voice.
He was too ashamed to turn around and rinse off, and asked me to grab the towel again like the night before.
"You still have soap on the front of your legs," I lied.
"It's just, I..."
"It's OK," I said. "I'm not looking. I've turned my eyes away."
Poor Jacob was shamefaced.
"Listen bro, it's fine. I'm your sister. I've seen it all before!"
"It just appears out of nowhere sometimes," he explained.
"Like a mushroom!" I said, laughing.
He smiled but it was not a joking matter for him.
"Listen buddy," I said firmly, "this is a rotten situation for you and nothing about it is your fault. Your body is healthy and probably just responding to the sensation of being touched. But it's not like you can't trust me. I'm your sister. So turn around and rinse off and then we'll get you dressed."
I couldn't have given a more convincing speech if I'd been defending myself in court.
"OK," he said, "and you are looking away?"
"Yes," I said, not looking away in the slightest.
He turned around to rinse his front side.
For the first time it was facing me, in all it's magnificent glory. Like a stone monument. So thick that I doubted I could get my thumb and fingers to meet around it. So long that I imagined it would bump into my heart if I had it inside me. Jesus Christ, it was a sublime cock.
I thought back to the girlfriends whose hearts he'd broken in the last couple of years. I could understand why they'd taken it so badly. Imagine being gifted something like that between your legs and then having to give it up. I could feel myself getting wet inside my shorts, and not from all the shower spray.
Sadly he broke the spell (that he had no idea he'd created) by turning back to the wall. "I think I got it all," he said. "Can you grab the towel now?"
I wrapped him in the safety of its fabric, and dried his legs and torso with a fresh one. But this time I couldn't resist unhooking the towel from his waist and using it to dry his ass, even giving a good few rubs in the crack. The only things I didn't dry were his enormous cock and balls. I re-hooked the towel around his waist.
"What do you want tonight?" I asked. "Pajamas or straight to bed?"
"Straight to bed," he said.
The shame in his tone made me feel sad, and a little bit guilty.
I led him to the bedroom. He almost couldn't walk properly because of the leviathan between his thighs. He was sort of wading through the air, the bulge in his towel leading the way like a beacon.
I let him swing his legs beneath the bedclothes, and then much like the night before, removed the towel while he wriggled free. His cock created a prominent tent under the sheets and I marveled once again at its resilience.
"Please don't feel bad," I urged him. I had to say something because it was apparent how out of sorts he was.
"Thank you," he said sweetly. "I'll see you in the morning."
"No you won't!" I said, laughing - not being mean, just making a joke he ordinarily would have loved.
He managed a light smile, but didn't laugh.
Poor Jacob, I thought. I couldn't remember feeling so much compassion for him.
Is that what it was?Compassion?It must be, I told myself. What else could it be? He's my flesh and blood. Anything else would be creepy and weird, and we didn't have that sort of relationship.
And yet as I got into bed that night I realized my pussy was dripping wet again. It felt so good beneath my fingertips that I had to grab my dildo and slip it inside. The pleasure of filling up my tight hole was exquisite and almost immediately I began having delicious orgasmic contractions.
I imagined it was his thick cock filling me up. Not my brother's cock exactly, but an appendage that looked just like his. Hell, this was a fantasy. It didn't say anywhere you can't get off on the idea of a disembodied dick.
As I fucked myself with the dildo, my mind fell to wondering how often Jacob played with that oversized fuck toy of his. Surely he did it all the time. He clearly had more testosterone than a men's football team.
For all I knew, he was doing it right now. Might he even be thinking of me?
If I were him, I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off it.
And then it hit me.
I couldn't believe I hadn't thought of it sooner.
He couldn't touch himself! His hands were out of action.
I felt like an idiot. The simple, inexpensive pleasure of playing with himself was as impossible for Jacob as all the other things that required his hands.
My poor brother, I thought again. It suddenly seemed like the worst agony of all.
No wonder he was getting great boners in the shower. He was probably about ready to burst.
Had Mom taken care of that too?Ew,I thought, that's gross ... But then if it was gross, why was the idea so appealing to me?
I wondered if perhaps, as the days marched on and my brother had no outlet to relieve himself, he might just spunk everywhere one night in the shower; or all over me, while I was dressing him ... Why did I love this idea too?
At that moment my own body erupted in another glorious orgasm, my sodden pussy spasming at the thought of him blowing a pent-up load all over me.
Never mind washing his junk, I thought. I have a far more important duty:
I need to make my brother cum.
Monday
As it approached shower time the next night, I started looking at the clock, willing the moment to arrive. It was becoming increasingly difficult to sound casual and uninterested in the event of his bathing. I had to give Dame Judi Dench-worthy performances just to seem neutral about it:
"Oh no ... Well, I guess it's that time again ..." I said, yawning weirdly.
I could barely contain my wild grin when it came time to take off his joggers. And I figured it didn't matter anyway because he couldn't see me.
This time I pulled them down from the front. He was already half-erect and his cock sprang out like a Jack in the Box. It had the girth of a can of hairspray. Every new angle at which I had seen it seemed to provide a more beautiful vista than the last; it was like the Taj Mahal.
While I was soaping his back and torso, I kept a quiet eye on it at all times. I felt disappointed it wasn't rising to its full glory tonight. I let my fingertip flutter in his ass crack, but even this did not add any further stories to the tower.
So I decided to try and resurrect it myself:
"Jacob," I said. "It's awkward to say this. But I'm your sister, so we don't have to worry that it's weird. But I'm aware of the fact we have never washed your ... you-know-what."
"Oh," he said, quite horrified.
To my delight his you-know-what was already beginning to stiffen.
"Well... er, it's getting rinsed with water," he said.
"Yes, but is that really enough?" I asked. "I mean, be honest. I need to wash myself down there with soap, not just rinse off, in this sticky weather."
"I ... think it will be okay," he said through clenched teeth. "Thank you though."
I felt annoyed. I was holding a door open for him and he simply would not walk through.
"Look," I said, "this is all purely clinical. I could wash it now real quick with a bit of soap. Tell me honestly, wouldn't you rather it was clean?"
By now he had a full blown, mouthwatering hard on with an angry purple head. I could feel my cunt dampen at the delectable vision.
"It's not really the best moment," he said, utterly mortified.
"Nonsense," I said.
I was not taking no for an answer. I wanted an excuse to touch it more than I had once wanted a pony for Christmas.
I tried to put him at ease again: "Don't let the fact it is in that state make you say no. I can wash it in a few seconds. Come on. Let's not be weird about it. Think of me as a nurse. It's for your comfort. It will all be forgotten about straight after."
This lie was even bigger than his gigantic cock. I was pretty sure I would never forget anything about it for as long as I lived.
Very quickly, before he could object or raise any more tedious reservations, I squirted a glob of shower gel into my palm, worked it into a lather and simply grabbed his cock and soaped its length a few times.
He let out a gasp that could have been mistaken for surprise, but sounded suspiciously like pleasure. And quickly - if not as quickly as I'd promised, or as slowly as I'd liked - it was over.
"Okay, done!" I said. "See? That wasn't weird. Like ripping a Band-Aid off. Sometimes you just gotta act and not get too in your head about shit."
But I was the one full of shit. I was babbling incoherently. It was like I'd lost my senses from the thrill of touching it. My pulse was racing; my little cunt saturated.
And Jacob himself was completely out of sorts; his cock bigger and stiffer than ever. I could see it throbbing, like it was breathing.
My annihilation was complete. I had become my brother's cock-worshipper, and I was making fewer and fewer excuses to myself about it.
I noticed that he had no qualms about turning to face me to rinse off, with the giant thing on full display. I figured this was progress. But I longed for him to ask me to finish him off. Surely he wanted it as much as I did? It was a miracle he didn't erupt on the spot.
When it came time to dry his lower body, and his cock was more engorged than ever, I wondered if I could get away with rubbing it through the towel - seeing as I'd just washed it, wouldn't it be as natural to dry it for him too? On balance, I decided to err on the side of restraint.
I led him back to his bedroom and released the towel from beneath the sheets as usual. It felt a little silly we were bothering with such vanity measures anymore, but I went along.
After we'd said goodnight, I retired to my room and began playing with my wet pussy. The whole time I was unable to forget he was lying there in bed with that monstrously large cock begging for attention, while paralyzed to attend to it. My heart broke for him.
I longed to race to his room and provide him with the relief that I now decided was the most important care he wasn't receiving. Why hadn't Mom included this task in the dossier? I felt irrationally angry with her too. I was quite losing my mind.
But now that I had experienced holding it in my hand, there could be no turning back. I simply had to get him off.
There is nothing weird about any of this, I told myself, as I enjoyed a shattering full-body orgasm.
It's regular family stuff.
Tuesday
The next night he was fully hard before I even took his pants down. He was reluctant to let me undress him, but I assured him once again it was normal and okay, and that we were familyblah blah ...The speech was honestly getting boring by now.
I crouched down to remove his pants so that I could get closer to it than ever. I had to lift the waistband up over his engorged shaft, and the magnificent thing sprang out. It could have slapped me in the face. I wanted it to.
"Alice, I'm so sorry ..." Jacob began.
"Dude, we've talked about this," I said. "I don't want you to feel weird or sorry."
"I know," he said, dejected. "But it's humiliating, you know. That it keeps happening."
"It's human biology," I said, "I ignore it and so should you." The lies kept coming tonight. "Mom had to clean up after Grandma's incontinence. Imagine how much worse that must be. This is innocent, family stuff and we can handle it, okay?"
"I appreciate you being so grown-up," Jacob said. "It would be so much worse if you weren't so cool."
"I got you," I said sweetly, my eyes feasting so greedily on his cock that I almost let him walk into the wall.
"This way," I said, steering him to the true entrance to the cubicle.
I waited until he had his elbows up on the rack before my next question:
"Why does it keep going like that?" I asked.
"It's not about you, I promise," he said, "that would be weird ..."
Why did I feel so stung with disappointment at this? It was precisely what I should have wanted him to say.
"Are you frustrated?" I asked.
"I think it's being touched that does it," he said. "With my hands out of action I haven't been able to, you know ... keep things in check myself."
"That must really suck," I said, and I tried to emphasize the word 'suck', but not too obviously.
"It is pretty weird," he said. "But hardly the most important thing I've had to get used to."
His large, purple-faced cock at that moment begged to differ.
I washed his body parts in the usual rotation, and mulled over whether I was going to suggest washing his cock again. I was tingling with desire to do so, but in the light of the conversation we'd just had, it might have seemed a bit keen on my part.
Dammit, I thought, why does this have to be such a minefield? If we weren't related, I would have dropped to my knees by now and be sucking the cum out of his balls.
I resigned myself just to staring at it. But when he turned around to face me - to rinse off the imaginary soap I'd convinced him he needed to reach - I sneaked my hand into my shorts and rubbed my pussy.
It felt electrifying to be able to touch myself while witnessing his beautiful cock.
I sensed I was about to have an orgasm, and not a minor one; so I stopped. I knew he couldn't see me, but I wasn't convinced I could keep it silent.
While I was drying his body, I braced myself for the next casual-sounding, intimate question:
"Jacob," I said, "I don't want to make this weird or anything, but should I maybe just take care of it?"
"What?" he said, utterly incredulous.
"You know, give you relief? So this doesn't keep happening."
I was dying for him to say yes. But his scarlet, contorted expression suggested otherwise.
"Look," he said - and I swear his cock twitched as he said it - "I can't pretend it wouldn't be a relief. But I can't do that to you. It's wrong and it's not fair."
"Whatever," I said, attempting a little reverse psychology. "But it's only weird if we make it weird, and why would we? It's not like we'd ever tell anyone. I mean, obviously I have no vested interest in helping you bust a nut. I'm just trying to be a good nurse. But this does seem to be happening a lot. So if at any point it becomes overwhelming, I'll take one for the team and I'll ..."
"You really are next level," he said. "It wouldn't take long. It almost happened yesterday when you washed it."
It did?I almost came in my pants at this information. I wanted to tell him how much I yearned to see it spurt out; how I wanted to be the one to make it erupt; how I wanted it to splash all over my face ... Wow, I thought, catching myself. Where did that come from?
I escorted him to his bedroom.
"Goodnight," I said. "And don't forget to holler if you need anything in the night."
I said this to him every night, but tonight it took on a whole new meaning.
Wednesday
The next morning when I went to dress him, to my great delight he was hard as a rolling pin again. I convinced myself he'd been thinking about my offer all night. But he didn't say anything, even as I maneuvered the waistband of his extra-tight joggers over the great thing (I had been tumble-drying them on high for extended periods in order to make them shrink).
I did notice that for the first time he didn't apologize for his erect state and I quietly registered this as progress. Maybe it's a waiting game, I thought, and he'll slowly come around. But Mom would be back soon and the opportunity would be gone forever.
Later that day we were lying in the garden - it was a scorcher of an afternoon. And I 'happened' to glance down at his pants and saw that he was fully hard again. Good Lord, I thought, does the guy not think of anything else? But before I could judge him too harshly I remembered it was me who could not think of anything else.
I had even been starting to slip with his general care:
"Did you remember to refill the prescription for my pain meds?" he had asked that morning.
"Yes," I lied, before sneaking to my room to call CVS and refill it.
I wasn't proud of myself, and I knew I needed to be more focused. But if he would just let me play with his cock, we might both have time to focus on other things.
***
Mom called that evening.
"You sure everything's fine?" she asked.
"It's great, Mom," Jacob said. "Alice is taking the best care of me."
No she's not,I thought. Or she'd be on her knees right now, draining your balls.
"Your Grandma is doing so well. The Doctor said she's progressing faster than he could have dreamed!"
"That's amazing!" said Jacob.
"So cool!" I said.
But I felt sick. I mean, of course I wanted Grandma to be better. But the idea that my Mom might return and resume her nursing of Jacob was like a punch to my gut.
"You need to be there to make sure Grandma doesn't overdo it," I said. "You know what she's like."
"Don't worry," said Mom. "As long as you guys are OK down there, I'll keep an eye on her for a few more days."
***
When it came time for that night's shower, I knew things needed to move faster. So as I undressed him to discover he was rock hard again, I brought it up once more:
"Bro," I said, "you sure I can't fix that for you?"
He said nothing.
"I feel like we need to wash it again tonight anyway."
Still he said nothing.
It wasn't a no.
We went through the regular palaver of his cleaning routine. I had the system down now and could have moved quite fast if I'd wanted to. And yet I was drawing the process out to last longer than ever. I think I might have soaped one of his armpits nine times.
I figured I didn't have to worry if I was massaging him in such a way that he found sensual, because he permanently had a giant boner these days, regardless. But once the rest of his body had been treble-lathered, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Literally.
I'm going in, I thought, my heart racing.
Without asking him again, or preparing him for the sensation, I spritzed some shower lotion into my palm and simply grabbed his hard cock.
He jolted with surprise.
"Shh. Go with it," I said, and began giving him a soapy hand job.
I used slow, elongated strokes, from his ball sac right up over the head of his glans, and back again. I was in heaven.
He was trying to be restrained, if not quite able to remain composed. But he began to moan with pleasure. It was all the encouragement I needed. With my free hand I cupped his balls and squeezed them gently while I milked his massive cock.
It can't have taken longer than twenty seconds before his breath became more urgent:
"Alice ..." he said simply, like a person who was falling from a cliff.
His cock began spewing thick jets of cum up against the glass wall of the shower cubicle. They emerged with such force and volume that it looked like his hard cock was simply pissing up the wall.
I kept my fist around him while he bucked and flailed, as if he was trying to fight my grip. I felt each contraction, as one after the other, his enormous jets of sperm spray-painted the glass.
I had never seen so much cum in my life. It was such an erotic sight that I began to have a mini orgasm of my own, despite not laying a finger on myself.
"Wow," I said, unable to ignore what I'd just witnessed. "That was like a grenade going off!"
"Thought you weren't watching!" he gasped.
"Explosions get my attention!"
"Hope I didn't make a mess," he said, drifting slowly back to earth.
"Dude. You could have given yourself a shower."
"I'm sorry."
"Don't you dare apologize! It's totally natural and you needed it. Let's not make it all weird now. It's not something we even have to talk about."
"OK," he said sheepishly. "Thanks Alice."
I did note with a thrill that he was still fully erect - if anything, bigger and harder than before he'd detonated. My God, I thought, you are a force of nature.
I tried to remain as light and casual as I could while we finished our regular shower routine. But I couldn't drag my eyes away from his cock, even when it was concealed by the towel.
And when I'd sat him down on his bed, just as he was about to go through the belabored process of getting under the bed sheets while wrapped in it, I simply pulled the towel away while he was sat there.
"I think we are beyond that, don't you?" I said.
He was sitting on the bed with his perfect, unyielding cock looking straight up at me.
"Are you going to be all right?" I asked, hoping he'd say no. "That thing doesn't seem to want to say goodbye."
"I'll be fine," he said.
He seemed more embarrassed than ever before. But there could be no denying the extraordinary orgasm I had witnessed. No man could experience an ejaculation like that and feel unhappy about it. I don't care who was initiating it - a robot arm, a nurse or their own sister.
"Sleep tight Jacob," I said, and blew him a kiss goodnight that he couldn't see.
I went to my room and enjoyed an almost two hour session of playing with my sopping cunt, replaying the intoxicating events of the evening on a loop.
The only thing I felt disappointed about was that he'd cum so quickly. Other than that it had been more than I could have wished for.
I hadn't anticipated how much I would love the power and feel of it in my hand. I had been able to detect his pulse somewhere inside its girth, as though his cock contained its own beating heart.
It was astonishing the degree to which I'd found a way to convince myself this was normal behavior, that I was not only innocent, but some sort of sibling-martyr; and all I was doing was looking after him in a loving and responsible way under the circumstances.
But that night I had a vivid dream in which I sucked him off and swallowed his delicious cream. It was one of the hottest dreams I'd ever had. And by the time I awoke the next day, I felt that I would not be able to rest in life until I had that cock in my mouth.
And not just any cock. My brother's cock.
Thursday
He was stiff again the next morning when I went to dress him - to my delight and his apparent chagrin. As I pulled the joggers up over his inflated rod, I felt a pang of remorse that I couldn't just keep him naked all day.
It would be such a delightful provocation to have him wander around the house nude at all times with his big swollen cock nodding and bobbing with each step.
We didn't discuss what had happened the night before. Partly because I had told him we didn't need to. I felt like words had the power to make things weird, while the physical sensations spoke for themselves and were beyond reproach.
I was annoyed to have to go to cheerleader practice that afternoon. It wasn't that I was worried about leaving him this time. I didn't want him to be out of my sight. What if he tried to fuck a pillow or something? Or a food item from the pantry? I couldn't bear the idea he might try to empty his own balls somehow, or find a way to tame his beautiful erection. I wanted it to remain feral. And I wanted to be exclusively in charge of his milking.
I changed into my cheerleader uniform before I left for Traci's, figuring I could reduce the amount of time I had to be there if I didn't have to change before and after.
I couldn't concentrate during practice. And Traci knew it. She wouldn't stop calling me out for being late on my cues. She was being a domineering bitch as usual.
Katya pulled me aside at the end, as I was about to leave, and asked:
"Is everything alright with you?'
"It's fine," I said.
But my friend knew me too well.
"Seriously, Alice. What is it?" she said.
I hesitated to confide in her. "I might be getting in over my head with something," was all I could offer.
"You know you can always talk to me, don't you?"
"I've got to run," I said.
"Call me!" she shouted after me.
I pretended not to hear.
***
I kept my cheerleader uniform on that night. It was a private joke between me and myself. It was a sexy outfit. And it was going in the wash tonight anyway. It made me feel even naughtier than usual.
When it came time to undress him for his shower and I saw that he was fully erect, I found myself asking, in as disinterested manner as I could:
"How did you sleep last night? Did it make any difference?"
He seemed embarrassed to have the subject brought up.
"It helped a lot," he said, diplomatically.
"You could've fooled me," I said and had to stop myself from grabbing his dick and waggling it around.
"That doesn't mean it didn't work ..." he said. "In some ways, it's because it worked so well."
He selected his words carefully but I felt the translation was clear: he'd thoroughly enjoyed the orgasm but it made him so horny, he wanted to do it again. At least that's how I heard it.
When I went to collect the umbrella-gloves that were hanging above the bathtub, I removed my bra and panties, quickly and quietly, leaving just my cheerleader skirt and crop top. I tried to hide any noises of undressing by crumpling the plastic gloves.
I turned on the shower jets and led him into the cubicle where he placed his elbows up on the wire rack. His cock was standing at near-vertical attention, like a loaded cannon waiting to be fired.
It was more of a thrill than ever lathering up his muscular body while dressed in my skimpy little uniform with no underwear. I could feel my juices running down the inside of my leg. And I didn't have to worry about getting splashed by the water, so I could choose whichever angle gave me the best view.
When I'd finished soaping his back, I decided to up the ante, and for the first time mid-shower, I spun him around to face me. I secretly lifted my top up to expose my tits and held up the mini skirt so that his huge cock was only inches from my shaven pussy.
Directing the shower jets onto his back, I lathered up my hands with suds and began jerking him off. He jumped at first but eased into it almost immediately.
It wasn't my imagination that he seemed more into it this time. I mean, his body had always been into it. But now he allowed himself to make these adorable little moans and gasps of pleasure. I'm not sure he could help himself. I was pulling out all the stops with my technique. But what he didn't know was that while I jerked him off, I was also fingering my pussy and playing with my tits.
Rather than merely giving him a perfunctory helping hand, I allowed myself to put some skill and sensuality into it, slowing my fingers as they passed over the sensitive bulb of his glans, and squeezing him at the base while I teased his asshole with a crooked soapy finger. He couldn't stop his hips from thrusting, hungrily fucking the slippery O of my grip.
When I could tell he was close, I did something that surprised even me. Rather than step out of the way to avoid the launch of his projectile sex fluid, I continued to stand happily in front of him. I even crouched down so that my chest would be level with the barrel of his gun.
"Come on Jacob," I found myself saying in a tender voice, while I pressed one digit into his tight asshole and wanked his mammoth cock towards me. "Let's get it all out, buddy." I couldn't work out if I sounded maternal, or like some thirsty milk-maid. But it tipped him over the edge.
With an ecstatic wail, he let loose a hot fountain of spunk directly at my bald pussy. The second spurt exploded like a geyser and splashed my skirt and belly. My brother's huge cock was twitching and pumping cum all over his sister's cunt and thighs.
I broke away from teasing his asshole to rub my clit. And quite quickly, as he showered me in sperm, I began to cum myself. I was grateful for the volume of his moans, in the hope they might mask my own. I was unable to remain silent.
Jacob was still trembling from the aftermath of his own Herculean orgasm, while I - his younger sister - crouched naked at his feet, cum dripping from my cunt and thighs like ice cream down the side of a sundae glass. My little pussy quivered with aftershocks.
I wondered if he could tell I was as shattered as him when it was over. I secretly rinsed my legs in the shower, trying to conceal the fact I was effectively sharing the water with him.
I watched his semen pour down my thighs and get swallowed up by the sinkhole. It seemed like such a waste. It was all I could do not to gather it up and put it in my mouth.
I was under no illusions anymore, I had never physically desired a man more in my life. I would have done anything for him - the filthier and more obscene the better. I would have licked his asshole, permitted him to cum down my throat ... The only obstacle that remained was getting him to let me do these things. But the pact was sealed in that moment.
I would forever be a slave to his beautiful cock.
"Jesus," he said as he started to return to his senses. "That was so good."
"It's the least your nurse can do," I said.
But I feared I might have let the ruse slip that this was a chore rather than a hobby, because as I was drying him, he added:
"That was so incredible sis, but I'm not sure we should be doing this."
"What?" I said. "Why the hell not? You need it. You've got to let your body breathe." I was like an eco-warrior for his balls.
"I just wonder if it's not that healthy for us to be ..."
"Jacob, don't be crazy," I said. I couldn't bear to hear the end of his thought. "None of this is a big deal. It's not like you're getting off on the fact it's your sister. And it's not like I'm getting anything from it either. Relax, it's healthy."
I was trying to convince myself as much as him.
"Well, let's take a break from it now," he said. "I'm feeling a lot less frustrated thanks to you."
My heart sank. I couldn't resist grabbing his cock, which was hard as a fence post again, and shaking it in my fist.
"Doesn't look like it," I said.
He gasped at the unexpected pressure of my hand back on him.
I wanted to do it again, or better still, just crouch down and put the giant thing in my mouth. But I thought it might be pushing it, especially in that moment.
So instead I dried myself quickly, pretending I was fussing with the umbrella-gloves, and led him to his bedroom as usual. This time I didn't bother wrapping a towel around him. I just led him naked, his impossibly tall erection jutting out as we walked
After we had said goodnight and I'd returned to my room, I felt annoyed with him.
As if he wants a break, I thought. A break from having epic hands-free orgasms every night. What a crock. Most brothers would long to have this kind of attention from their devoted little sisters.
Who knew when Mom might return home. It could be any day now. We had a great thing going and nobody was getting hurt. For me, the summer vacation had finally got interesting -my lifehad finally got interesting. And you can't tell me he wasn't getting something out of it too. I saw those explosions from his loins.
Nobody can shoot that much cum, causing that sort of devastation (it had taken forever to get the stains off the shower glass that morning), and feel casual about wanting to do it again. He was being a prude. Sensible, cautious Jacob.
He had always been the responsible one. He was my older brother, after all. Aren't they supposed to look out for you? It made me sick to think he might be forbidding his ecstasy and mine for reasons of meaningless 'ethics'. When Mom could be booking a flight home any minute.
I didn't bother wearing clothes to bed that night. I knew the ritual well enough by now. I was going to make myself cum, multiple times over, replaying the events of the evening.
But there was a new feeling accompanying my arousal, something that made my heart heavy. I felt the painful awareness we were running out of time.
At some point, I was going to have to milk my brother for the last time and it already broke my heart.
I needed to swallow it before then.
Friday
I'm not ashamed to admit I was starting to lose my sense of reality.
I was becoming more daring but also more reckless. And despite promising Jacob several times that our shower activities would remain a secret, I found myself confiding in Katya after the next morning's practice:
"If I tell you something, you have to promise you won't tell a soul," I said.
"Of course, babe. What is it? I knew something was up."
"It's about Jacob. You know I've been looking after him while Mom's away? Well one of my jobs is to wash him ..."
"Oh my God!" she said, her eyes lighting up like wildfire. "Do you have to wash his...?"
I nodded guiltily.
"Jesus, you lucky bitch! You know what I've got to ask, right? Is it ...?"
"Enormous? Yes. Beautiful? Yes. Beyond your wildest fucking dreams? Yes."
"You have to take a picture for me!"
"I can't do that."
"He won't know. Put the camera on silent."
"Katya, please. This is serious. I need a friend right now, not a thirsty hoe."
"Sorry, babe. Go on."
"The thing is, I've got ..." How could I begin to describe it? "... A bit too into it."
"Into the washing?"
"We've kind of taken it further than that. I've been ... jerking him off too."
"What?" Katya's mouth fell open.
I'm not sure she knew whether she was horrified or elated, but she was clearly captivated.
"You've been having sex with your own brother?"
"It's hardly sex," I said. "A quickie hand-job in the shower. While I'm washing his dick."
"I can't get my head around this," she said. "It's super weird. Is it even legal? Jesus!" She had to pace around in little circles, she was so shocked. "It's also super hot!"
"I'm not in love with him or anything," I said. "He's my brother. It's purely physical. But I don't know, Katya, I'm kind of obsessed with doing it to him now. I don't know how to stop. And I even want to ..."
I faltered.
"Go on, spit it out ..."
"I want to take it further."
"Dude!"
"I want to blow him."
"Oh my god! When is your Mom coming home?"
"I don't know. Soon. Grandma's getting better."
"Good. Because you and your bro need to be saved from yourselves, babe. This cannot end anywhere good."
"You've got to remember he can't get himself off right now. He's horny all the time and he can't touch himself for relief. I'm just the..."
"I don't know who you're trying to convince, Alice. But I'll tell you this much. You are playing with fire."
Katya was not as helpful as I'd hoped, but it did feel good to have confided in her. I thought she would support me like she always had with guy stuff. I'm not sure what I really wanted. She was sympathetic enough, but couldn't hide the fact she was turned on by the idea.
What neither of us had realized is that we weren't having the conversation in private.
Someone had been listening to every word from inside the garage. And now, as the electric door revolved open, making Katya and I jump out of our skin, this person appeared from the shadows like the villain in an erotic fiction story.
It was Traci, a devilish leer on her face:
"Oh Alice, Alice," she said. "What have you gone and got yourself into?"
It was all my worst nightmares at once.
"That was a private conversation, Traci!" I said, bursting into tears.
"I don't know why you're so upset, honey" she said. "I can keep a secret."
I glanced up at her hopefully. "You can?"
"I mean, sure. Providing you're willing to share ..."
***
I felt sick on the walk home. Why couldn't I have kept my stupid mouth shut? I owed it to Jacob. Now I had made the whole situation ten times worse and for nothing.
I slumped into the house miserably to make Jacob his dinner.
"What's up?" he asked, sensing my sullen mood.
"Jake?" I said. "You know I would never do anything to hurt you, don't you?"
"Where's this coming from?"
"I mean, I just want to make sure you know. I would always do right by you. You're my brother and you mean so much to me. And if I ever..." I had to stop talking because I was going to cry.
"Did something happen?" he asked.
I disappeared to make dinner.
I asked him coolly later if he wanted to shower after dessert. I was hoping he might say no.
"Yes please," he said. "If that works for you?"
As the event drew closer, I fed him minuscule spoonfuls of ice-cream in an attempt to make the time drag.
"Who was that at the door earlier?" he asked.
"Oh, it was Postmates. They came to the wrong house."
I wondered if he could sense I was on edge.
"Let's get this shower out the way then, shall we?" he said eventually.
It was the first time he'd had to initiate his own bathing.
I escorted him carefully up the stairs. My heart was thumping, and for all the wrong reasons.
As we entered the bathroom, I met eyes with her instantly.
She was in the corner of the room, perched inside the empty bath tub.
My friend Traci. Although 'friend' was a stretch at this particular moment. She was wearing her cheerleader uniform.
She was at least adhering to the one rule I had specified: to be deathly quiet. In fact, she was motionless, as if she were playing (and winning) a game of Everybody Freeze. I couldn't even see her breathe. But I knew she was alive and well because she looked at me with wide eyes and a salivatory grin.
It was strange because even though Jacob had no idea she was in the room, he seemed to sense her there regardless. He kept turning instinctively in her direction, despite the fact she wasn't making a peep.
I turned the shower jets on quickly, thinking they would help mask any accidental sound from my bug-eyed guest.
My original thought had been to milk Jacob in the shower for her, because it would mean he was less likely to hear her by mistake. She would also get a perfect view of his explosive ejaculation up against the glass wall of the cubicle. But I noticed that even at a mild temperature, the steam from the shower was misting up the glass and it was going to disguise her view.
I had no choice but to get him to perform before I'd even washed him. I began by maneuvering him so that he was facing Traci in the water-less tub. I undressed him, starting with his shirt, to reveal his muscular torso and washboard abs.
Traci watched with visible glee and mouthed the word "wow". She was practically drooling. I felt sick with disgust that I was exploiting my brother like this.
I had never disliked my so-called friend and cheerleader captain more, and yet when I saw Jacob was hard beneath his joggers, I did feel a small thrill that he was showing up for this starring role he had no idea he'd been cast in.
Traci gave me two thumb's up. She would have given me four if she'd had more hands. She was no doubt trying to envisage the improbable dimensions of what was going on inside his pants. I yanked them down in one clean movement to his feet, so that his massive cock sprang out for her delectation.
She reacted as though she was witnessing a miracle, but had to do it through the act of mime. She may have accidentally breathed audibly at one point. But Jacob didn't register if she did. His attention was elsewhere.
I positioned myself at his side, so I would not obstruct Traci's view. I grabbed his enormous cock and began to jerk him off.
Traci was pretty much frozen in awe. I'm not sure she could have moved a muscle if she'd wanted to. She watched closely as my brother began to ease more into it, loosening his hips, speeding up his breath.
"Oh god," he started mumbling. "That feels good."
He was fucking my hand more vigorously than ever before. It was almost as though he knew he had to perform. He'd never been this enthusiastic or this loud. And he had never been this attractive either.
He was making desperate little moaning sounds that were tantalizingly hot. And unlike his usually shy demeanor, he couldn't stop talking.
"Ah... That's it... Oh God, yes... Stroke it faster... Oh crap!... Fuck yeah!"
I sensed his orgasm building faster than I would ordinarily have liked, but tonight it was a blessing. The sooner I could get him to erupt, the sooner I could get that bitch Traci out of my house, and have him to myself again.
When his panting grew more urgent and his red face broke into a sweat, I could tell he was getting close. And Traci sensed it too. I think we could all tell it was going to be a tsunami.
I lifted the forefinger of my free hand and showed it to Traci, the way a magician shows the dove they are about to make vanish. Then I pressed it up against the tight little knot of his muscular asshole.
It was too much for him, for Traci, and even for me.
Accompanied by a howl of ecstasy, Jacob's cock started shooting hot cum across the bathroom towards my enchanted friend. Multiple ropes flew forth with astonishing velocity. They made an audible splat against the linoleum and reached as far as the tub. One slug of sperm even landing on Traci's bare thigh.
She was mouthing the words, "Oh. My. God," at me - a similar reaction to if she had seen a UFO or an object levitating. It was the countenance of someone who hadn't previously known a sight this erotic existed. And to be fair, although the blackmailing bitch was not my favorite person, I did know how she felt.
When the geyser of his cock had finally stopped decorating the floor, I hand-signaled for Traci to get the fuck out of my house, adding for good measure she should keep her mouth shut.
She nodded and made prayer hands as she left. Her vibe was as though I'd helped her find inner peace or something. Maybe I had. I shuttled my brother into the shower cubicle and felt palpable relief when I saw her slip out the door.
I felt sordid and weird as I showered my brother off, having exploited him without his knowing. But he seemed to want it more than ever tonight.
He turned around himself, mid-shower, as if to show me how hard he was again. And as I ran my soapy hands over everything but his cock, I saw him bucking his hips and gently fucking the air, as if trying to encourage me to touch it again.
I couldn't resist. But instead of going for the shower gel, this time I grabbed the baby oil from the bathroom cabinet and poured a pool of it into the nest of my palm. I gave him a long, slow, oily hand job that lasted about ten minutes.
When he came, I squatted down and directed it to spurt over my face. His seed was so voluminous it spattered my eyelids in such a way that I was momentarily rendered as blind as him.
When I put him to bed that night he had no idea I still had his dried sperm all over my cheeks and forehead.
"Goodnight Alice," he said.
"Goodnight big brother," I said, and blew him another kiss he couldn't witness.
Saturday
The next night, while I was collecting his umbrella-gloves from above the bath, I slipped my clothes off entirely. I decided I wanted to be naked for his milking, without the encumbrance of any fabric on my skin.
I wanted to be his nude milk-maid. And I wanted to feel his cum shoot over my naked body.
He was hard again before I started the jets. So I yanked his pants down and began wanking him off there and then again. I almost wanted to sob while I did it. I had to be especially careful not to brush past him in a way that could alert him to the fact I was naked too. But the thrilling possibility made me wetter and hornier than ever.
It took all the self-control I had not to stick his cock in my mouth. He began to moan and fuck my hand in less than a minute. I crouched down when I sensed he was close and let him blow a fountain of cum all over my chest.
"I just got out of the way in time!" I lied, sperm audibly dripping from my elbow and tits.
"Oh my god," he said and needed to sit down on the closed-toilet lid. But then his mood grew dark. "That was not cool."
"It wasn't?" I said, licking my lips. I was still finding pools of cum on my neck and scooping them into my mouth.
"I mean, it was amazing," he said. "But we can't be doing that. We're not even pretending it's about washing anymore."
Something in me flipped:
"You think I get something out of this?" I said furiously. "I'm not the enemy here, ok? I'm just trying to help you out."
"That's even more reason," he said. "I don't want you to do this for me. It's not fair on you."
"You know what would be nice for once?" I said, "a bit of fucking gratitude for all I do for you. I cook, I go to the store, I clean your dirty clothes, and all the fucking towels you get through. ... And I scrub your cum from the shower wall, which takes, like, forever because there's so much of it - what's that all about, by the way? Is it an illness? And I wash your ass like a slave ..."
I began to cry hysterically.
Jacob said nothing. But I noticed his beautiful cock deflating.
"I'm so sorry, Alice," he said. "I would put my arms around you if I had any."
We both laughed.
"I'm sorry too," I said, more calmly. "It's obvious your body enjoys this. It's part of your recuperation. I'm fine about it. It costs me nothing and I don't mean to be rude, but it's usually over pretty fast, if you know what I mean."
"You're my sister," he said. "I need to be more responsible with boundaries."
"Oh please. It's not like we're going to start dating," I said. "You need to relax."
It was the closest we'd had to an argument.
Why did he have to be so in his head about this stuff? Part of me wished his mouth was covered up instead of his eyes. At least then he couldn't keep spoiling everything with mindless 'logic'.
His cock was as dead by now as his injured hands. I led him into the shower cubicle. I wished I could converse directly with it, instead of his mind - it wasn't busy trying to thwart our pleasure and make everything weird for no reason.
I gave him a particularly intricate soaping and I did it passive aggressively, lingering in the cracks and crevices of his erogenous zones. I couldn't resist poking a soapy finger into his ass. I wanted to get him so hot that he begged me to jerk him off. But his precious cock didn't even stir. Had I broken that too?
I think Jacob sensed I was still pissed when I led him to his room after the shower.
"Are we ok?" he asked as I was about to say goodnight.
"We're cool," I said. "You're the one who can't get out of your head."
And I closed the door without saying goodnight.
Sunday
I took Jacob breakfast in bed the next morning. I'm not even sure why.
As I was burning the pancakes by mistake, I couldn't remember if my motive was guilt or a peace offering. In truth, it might have simply been because I loved him. And that would never change.
I had more to apologize for than he knew. And I guess you could argue that made my apologies insincere. But I meant it when I said to him:
"I want to say sorry Jacob. For being a dick to you."
"What are you talking about?"
I needed to say my piece. So I shoveled an extra large forkful of pancake into his mouth to silence him.
"There is nothing you could ever do that would be so bad I couldn't forgive you," I said.
He looked confused.
"And I love you for that. But just lately, I haven't respected how much you've been looking out for me. As my big brother. So I just wanted to say that you've been killing it in that role. And I love you."
I gave him an awkward hug - awkward only from the predicament of his limbs, and a kiss on his cheek.
We both seemed in a lighter mood after that. We were singing to songs on Spotify and goofing around. But the mood was dampened with a phone call from Mom.
She was coming home the next day. Grandma had been given the all clear.
"Can't wait to see you," I lied.
"Can't wait to see you, Mom!" Jacob said. Did he lie?
Neither of us said anything after she hung up.
Nothing about Grandma. Nothing about groceries for Mom. No celebration or relief. We couldn't even pretend to sound pleased.
Listen, I don't mean we were like, fuck Grandma. We were stoked she was doing better.
But we were in the middle of a dream that neither of us wanted to wake from.
***
It was bittersweet leading Jacob to the bathroom for his final shower that night. It felt like we were headed to the gallows. His cock was reassuringly hard for its final stand with me at the helm.
I am going to miss this, I thought. And surely so is he.
I doubted Mom was going to continue the extra-curricular activities her daughter had introduced to the role.
I hadn't planned to give Jacob a last goodbye present from his ward sister. But something came over me (I wanted it to be him that did). And without so much as the ruse of preparing him for his shower, I dropped to my knees and put the engorged head of his massive glans into my mouth.
"Oh Jesus," he said with a jolt. "Alice, no. What are you ..."
But he made no effort to extract himself from my mouth. And he could easily have done so with his elbows (he was able to start blenders and open fridge-doors with them by that point).
"Go with it," I tried to say soothingly.
And before he could offer any further objection, I swallowed his cock again. I tried to get as much of the thing in my mouth as possible, which was not easy when it was too big really to fit at all.
It must have felt sensational because he had never made this much fuss before. I think he might have imagined it was resistance, but it felt like he was trying to force his cock further down my throat.
"Fuck ... Fuck ... Fuck!" he kept saying with increasing intensity.
I felt like all my dreams were coming true in that moment, kneeling on the bathroom floor sucking my brother's cock. The only disappointing thing was that I could sense he was close to blowing his load.
I wondered if I should stop and wash him first, and resume blowing him after. But I couldn't stop myself and I suspected neither could he.
His powerful hips were thrusting frantically with no concern anymore for not choking his younger sister. He was focused only on his imminent goal. So much for ethics, I thought. My brother is as horny for me as I am for him; perhaps more so.
A few of his thrusts made me gag and sent drool spilling from the sides of my mouth, which I collected with my thumb and diligently fed back to myself.
"Oh fuck, Alice ..." he said. "I'm ... going ... to cum ..."
And with a thunderous grunt he began to flood my mouth with his sperm. I could barely swallow it fast enough. The pressure eventually forced him out from between my lips and he continued to spurt ropes of the stuff over my chin.
When he was spent, I licked his dripping cock clean with my tongue and swallowed every drop I could find from my skin.
Neither of us had much to say during his final shower. It was like a moratorium inside the glass cubicle.
When I had led him to his bedroom and sat him down on the bed, my heart felt heavy. Was this really the last time I would get to see him, let alone touch him; let alone make his milk spurt?
The memories would sustain me, I told myself, but goodbyes are always hard.
Although funnily enough, in this case Jacob wasn't.
As he sat down on the bed, for the first time I could remember after one of his bathing sessions, his penis was flaccid.
Still beautiful, still dreamy. But asleep.
'Your work is done here', a voice inside my head said, bringing a smile to my face.
"Well, Mom will be back tomorrow," I said, "so I guess this is it from me. Sister Alice signing off."
"Thank you so much," he said. "You've been beyond the pale. I honestly don't have words."
"It's nothing," I said. "We're family."
I decided against telling him it had been one of the defining experiences of my life so far. Nor did I particularly wish to mention I was head over heels-smitten with his darling big cock, or that I could still feel his flavorsome cum in my belly.
Instead, I smiled and kissed him softly on the forehead.
"Good night, big brother," I said.
He didn't reply. He was out like a light. I guess it had been a tiring couple of weeks for a convalescent.
I returned to my room and gave myself a dizzying orgasm, it was so intense it brought tears to my eyes.
At least I think that's what the tears were about
Monday
Mom returned early the next morning and returned to her less salacious, but more responsible, nursing duties.
I don't know how Jacob felt about the change in administration - his showers certainly seemed to take less time. And not once, when Mom was leading him to or from the bathroom, did I notice him to be erect.
I guess she didn't have my magic touch.
***
Less than a week later, it was time for Jacob to have his eye bandages removed.
Mom and I had bought him gifts, and blown up balloons to welcome him home - a home that, despite the fact he'd been recuperating in, he hadn't seen for over a month. It was a loving gesture on our part, intended to welcome him back to some semblance of normality.
His hands were getting better too, although the plaster still had a couple more weeks before it could come off.
When we were in the hospital room, waiting with excitement for his blindfold to be removed, there was a palpable sense of jubilation from everyone, especially Jacob.
It was difficult to imagine what it might feel like for him to be able to see again after weeks of darkness.
The Doctor removed the external bandages and explained to Jacob that to begin with he would have to wear polarized sunglasses, so that he could adjust gradually to seeing over the coming days. It was safer this way than transitioning straight back to natural light.
But as the Doctor removed the gauze that I had been diligently re-applying for Jacob, he paused for a moment and said:
"This gauze hasn't been fully covering your left eye. Did it slip down?"
"It's been that way for a few weeks," said Jacob.
"Have you had any visual activity?" asked the Doctor.
"Yes," said Jacob. "I've been able to see the whole time. Out of one crack in the left side ... It was only a keyhole view, but I haven't been blind."
I almost spat out the mouthful of 7-Up I was drinking, and my face went a bright shade of cabernet.
"That's wonderful news," said the Doctor, "it suggests your vision is healing fast."
He placed a cool-looking pair of sunglasses on my brother's face.
"It's because my sister took such good care of me," Jacob said.
And he blew me a kiss.
***
Now Mom was back home, I could no longer wash or milk my brother, and he no longer invited me to.
So I began fucking him.